I take the bad day to quit sniffing glue. We're with the bushes with the White House.
That's right.
And what's what I say?
All right. Let's go to some calls. Pennsylvania. Hello.
Mr. President, is that a cocktail you're making?
Oh, absolutely.
This is...
This is Bush. Does he drink every night?
Um, he really does.
He's all drunk.
But also, by this point, believe me, we're used to it.
Sure, you have a responsibility to the American people to stay focused and sober.
No.
How you...
You, Larry.
You, too.
Texas, hello.
President, and Mrs. Bush?
Is Vice-President Chaney at the White House right now, too?
Um, so I don't know.
Too bad.
Anyway, I think I heard that echo.
Yeah, I do.
There's the echo again.
So whatever you got open, shut it off, please.
There we go.
I mean, I don't even know why he had that open because, uh, unbeknownst to us, there was no crossover because the Humphers on their way to Vegas.
Obviously it was unbeknownst to all of us.
Unbeknownst to all of us, and then, of course, the Beast.
You know, who was in there before we were doing his Yanta routine about food and slots.
He has a food slot, you know?
Yeah, I know that.
It's called a Big Fat Ass.
And I was just... I was gonna bust Humphers ass a little bit because look at this.
Now we know why he's going to Vegas right now.
But face sets world record with 510 visions.
Doesn't think I always stay at the Vegas Hilton, I'm sure he does.
I don't know why because it's a really crappy location.
I thought he has the Caesar's hookup.
No.
Yeah, but he may have a hookup, but he isn't stay there.
He's been staying for a... as far as I know, the Vegas Hilton for years.
The one on the side street there, you know?
The one that's way off the beaten path.
Mm-hmm.
The story says it's time to raise a glass of bubbly.
The maker of Alka's Celter and Ascent tablet has set a record for creating the world's largest buffet.
And the Humphers on that, that's why it's a big hurry to get there.
About 850 hungry customers help bear healthcare LLC, a subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical chemical firm,
Bear Aging, you know, bear that the ones that made the poison gas during UW-2 to gas all the Jews.
They have this.
Celebrate the 75th anniversary of its heartburn relief product known for the jingle Plot Plot Fizz Fizz,
as if they needed to put that in there.
Like most people don't know what Alka's Celter is.
By partaking in a massive spread at the Vegas Hilton, in all 510 dishes were sent for the crowds Tuesday,
each one had to be certified distinct by a Guinness World Record adjudicator.
They ranged from Mongolian chicken and salmon Wellington to crem brulee and homemade apple pie.
I didn't taste each one otherwise I might have needed several Alka Celtsers in the end,
the adjudicator needing cause.
He said, yeah, but don't put them in the end, Nadine, because then when you stand up, they fall out.
Plus, they bubble up.
There was no previous record for the Stimic Expanding Event, so Guinness set the bar high at 500 dishes to qualify.
It's an amount large enough to make it a feat that will stretch people, cause he said.
It's got a stretch.
I don't want to stretch him too much.
I don't think there's too much room for expansion there, you know what I'm saying?
Just like professional sports, not too much room for expansion, boys and girls.
And also I was going to tell Hank about this story, because he was the just-in-floorant Kentucky.
Okay.
See, I had a lot of family stuff there.
For once we had a crossover that might have meant something, but I don't know, he just bailed on us.
And what's more important doing the crossover or heading off to Vegas?
Is there any question?
For that to fade with 500 and some odd treats.
Oh, for me!
Right.
Floorant's Kentucky, a 13-year-old boy was charged with threatening President Bush,
who was scheduled to travel nearby Cincinnati next week and two emails sent to the mayor, poli said.
Investigators didn't find anything in search of the boys home to make them think he was planning to carry out the alleged threats.
The teen was in the custody of his mother at their home yesterday.
He faces one felony count of making a terrorist threat and is to appear in Boone County family court within two weeks.
Boone County.
I was then named after Richard Boone or Pat Boone or Debbie Boone, as you blight up my life.
The investigation began after Mayor Diane Whalen received an anonymous email threatening Bush,
Floyd said.
A second email was sent also sent to Whalen.
Floyd and Whalen refused to release the emails or give details of the threats.
Floyd went to the teen's home Monday. Now with agents from the FBI and Secret Service,
he said the boys' parents consented of the search during which a computer with seized it at it.
He's extremely well-versed in the history of President Bush, when it said in talking with him,
you can tell this is a hot-button topic with him.
Oh, man, just biting my tongue so hard, the blood is dripping down my chin like pepperoni juice.
Police said the first email was also sent to the White House to Vice President Big Taney and to the Pentagon.
Bush is scheduled to be across the Ohio River on Monday and throughout the first pitch,
an opening day for the Cincinnati Reds.
It's baseball season, baby.
All right.
Are we excited about that or what?
Not really.
Well, excited about the yesterday.
The day game's here.
Not so much no more.
So speaking of that, here's the poll from yesterday.
What all-time athlete do you dislike the most?
Hate like poison.
Can't stand.
OJ Simpson, man, not even a contest.
I mean, just reviled, despised.
It's almost, of them, if somebody or a group is a QAM and probably a few across the street,
it's almost unanimous.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry, Orren Thal.
OJ, 624 out of how many votes altogether we have?
1861.
Or wasn't that like the Civil War?
Very bad.
There's a distance second, 273.
And we have to feel too bad about that, Josh.
It's not even in the ballpark.
Oh, he ain't no, OJ.
No.
I mean, he's despised, but he didn't kill anybody that we know of yet.
I hate sports 102, too bad.
Terrell Owens, T-O-89.
I hate this pool 89.
Mike Tyson, 80.
Kobe Bryant, 76.
Led the Arapist category.
All right, let's see.
Mike Tyson, no, he led.
Jose Konseko, 62.
Led the Compulsive Liar category.
And the Professional Slimeball.
P-Rose, 56, as in Q-56.
John Rocker, 42.
Tanya Harding, 38.
Kurt Schilling, I'll pray for him, 33.
Brian Cox, 27.
As in...
Yeah.
I can't see any of the words.
No, he's no point even going there.
Not even there.
Kurt Busch, 26.
Dion Sanders, 25.
Neon Dion.
It's hard out there for a pimple.
Tiger Woods, 22.
Ron R. Test, 22.
Kurt Warner, 18.
It's tough out there for a pimple nose address like one.
And drive a yellow Seville.
Bill Romanowski, 17.
Roger Clemen, 17.
Mark McWire, who doesn't want to dwell on the past.
He wants to talk about now in the future, 17.
Keeshawn Johnson, 13.
And everybody in America still wants to know.
Do we know any other human being named Keeshawn?
Have I asked that before?
I don't think so.
He's not quite Drevian.
No, well.
But then again, who is?
But Keeshawn, at least, didn't run away from home.
Ray Lewis, 10.
Ricky Williams, 10.
Todd Virtuzzi, 10.
Sandy Payton, Manning, she's got nine.
Michael Irvin, nine.
Another great credit to the history of U of M.
Wayne Gretzky, 17.
Needle Loes, Rafi Palmero, 17,
who was so admired by Iliana Rosanna Dana.
Charles Barkley, 6.
Who spits in little drool spaces
in the crowds at basketball games.
Phil Nicholson, 6.
He just got a little...
Problem, substance problem.
AJ Prasinski, 5.
Randy Johnson, even with that illegitimate kid,
he's got four.
Layton Hewitt, 4.
It's wrong with poor Layton.
Larry Bird, 3.
Ty Dohmi, 2.
And Jim Brown had Solimenta Uno.
Probably because we have a lot of people out there who...
who alike the fact that Jim Brown beat some of his women.
They appreciate that.
Like George.
Don't let me...
Let's see, the most monster was a toss up.
This is for today's poll.
Somebody already has...
I'm already on tomorrow's.
It says, come on, Neil.
Oh, I see.
Oh, this is from the iodine.
Look at the header.
See what I'm saying?
They changed the name on there, but I can tell by the print.
You're not fooling us iodine.
You can smell it.
Yeah, this is all...
Oh, just like macura chrome.
Do they make that anymore?
Oh, yeah.
Now, why did we use macura chrome as kids?
It's a good reason.
Burn as much as iodine?
Okay, that's...
That's a good reason.
Yeah, plus it's not as dark.
It doesn't stain as bad.
No, it doesn't.
If you wait a couple of weeks, it actually will wash off.
It's supposed to iodine, which is...
That's the fun.
It's on.
It's like a tattoo, man.
That's right.
You can show off to your friends how tough you've been.
The most macura is a toss up.
It says between Barbara and Marie Antoinette Bush and kind of sleazy rice.
That's cute.
And cold, we're close second.
Now, we put kind of leaser on there.
Oh, I want to add alcohol to it, if we could.
And alcohol, then how about...
And how about, uh, Bab's Bush?
We put all three of mine.
Yeah, let's do it.
Even though this is the iodine again, who changed the header because if we...
He put iodine on it, he knows we have a Schmidt-Candis.
So here is today's poll.
I voted for Janet Reno, and she's doing...
He's doing very well.
Almost at the top.
Who is the most machuot of them all?
And so far, we got 427, 407.
Like I said, Clint Eastwood 90, Janet Reno 88.
She's just on Princess in the pickup, and she'll pass him like he's standing still.
And they make that big banded caramel.
Jim Manage 83.
How do you like that?
Right on Janet's butt.
All right.
Sean Connery, only 36 whole bottles.
Thank God.
I'm so sick and tired of every time we do a poll, anything like this.
Oh, Sean Connery, that's a real macho guy.
I know it's not horrible.
It's a crusty old phony accent Irish goofball with a bad, bad beard.
Sean Connery and a bad phony accent.
Probably worth kills.
Yes.
Sean Connery 36.
Teddy Roosevelt 34, same guy.
I voted for him.
Lyndy England.
Look at Lyndy.
She's got...
Fuck third, man.
Or in this anyway, 16.
Slice the lone 7.
That's not what I heard.
Especially from those people that saw that Italian stallion flick.
Johnny Weissmeller 6.
Arnold Schwarzenegger 5.
Kim Bebo Camper 5.
Brad Pitt 4.
Sean ever thinking of him as macho.
I think he more like a pretty boy.
That would be like saying mad Damon is the most macho because he's in those movies.
What about the movie?
David in the born identity.
Yeah, born identity.
Those are good movies.
What about the first name?
macho.
Anthony Hopkins' 3.
How can Anthony Hopkins be below Brad Pitt?
I'm not sure a lot of people would like to see that.
No comment.
It's 12 minutes after 10.
Let's take a look at that margin line up we got today.
Look at that.
We missed the heat show with Pat Roddy with a hump of this morning before he's so...
precipitously took off of Vegas.
And a mad dash.
We got Curtis from 2 to 4 this afternoon.
That's the good news.
The bad news is he stuck with that Eric Reed crap between 3.30 and 4.
More heat stuff.
Oh, that's what everybody cares about.
It's Eric Reed who talks to his teeth.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Panther preview at 7 o'clock.
It's not looking too good, baby.
This is a must win.
Because Montreal and Jersey just keep put in even the least one last night beat the flyers to you.
That's got to be a mistake.
That's got to be a misprint.
Pants of people at 7 o'clock at the penguin 7.30 and then just the aggregate follows the hockey game.
So, any interest in any of those things other than the mad dog?
Well, we like you Curtis, but you got stuck with that damn Eric Reed crap.
Oh, he's in the little russian team out.
Hey Eric, why do you think it's like you're in the U.N. team?
You're like...
You're a guy!
Hey guys, you hate your button drive.
Yeah!
And that's a mention these skinny arms.
So why should we lift you low head into the cold rich?
You have all the fun.
What do you mean all the fun?
Well, over the years straight women have been glorified for being anorectically skinny.
Thanks to Dennis Wade, we now have something called manorectia.
And that's right guys.
Now we could be skinny.
I'm talking Somalia's skinny.
So how do I become manorectia?
All you have to do is do a bunch of coping starters though.
But what about this hot belly I'm getting from the starvation?
My full section bitch, it's cool to be skinny.
No, you can hit this eight ball or what?
Cool, I can see my whole spine.
Manorectia, making you even the straightest guy with like a gay 12 year old boy.
Brackdom, 10, 17, and 5, 60 WQAM.
We're never going to make that thousand votes today.
I'll guarantee you that because we're going to relate starvation as poll.
Oh well, 450 votes.
No, that's all that's.
I think we got a shot.
I know what.
Ricardo Montelbond somebody says for the, um,
full for the macho poll.
He was part of that original question.
He was?
Kenneth Smucho.
But I got a dog motherfucker on somebody else.
Huh.
Here's Ricardo Montelbond and the Chrysler, New Yorker.
This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker.
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker.
Hey, moron, you want to put on your fucking seatbelt or would you rather eat the steering wheel?
Ah, yes.
This is truly a New Yorker.
I genius you let the goddamn headlights on.
Chase, you want dumbass?
Oh, you know that.
And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none.
Hey, bag of praise, you want to lock the fucking doors?
Or maybe you should put a fucking sign in the window since Red Mio.
Yes, the Chrysler, New Yorker.
If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
Ah, buy it is, give shit.
I got your luxury car.
Thank God for those great old ACN bleeps.
Well, those were sure nice and antiseptic and surgical.
Don't say?
Yes, they're perfect.
So we got a minor yet, Riccardo Montelbona.
I can't wait to see how dry spells that.
Maybe you already heard it already.
Sonner?
Yeah.
No, you probably copied it from the facts.
It's both of these like it says.
Somebody QAM, hello.
You have a judge, no peek at a punny.
QAM.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love your show, man.
And somebody who I think should be on your bowl is a macho person.
I got two, although.
Yeah.
Charles Bronson.
Uh-huh.
And Janet Reno.
Yeah, Janet Reno is number two already.
Okay, take a look at the poll first before we call it in Schmuck.
But Charles Bronson is good.
Yes, sir.
Ricardo, why are you purring?
Sorry, delayed action.
I was done.
Oh, excuse me.
How about Janet Reno?
Ah, yeah.
Beech it to a palli.
Schmuck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Oh, I got one for the poll.
And they are.
You'll see how many of these I'm going to take today, okay?
Because we got a big go work to do for tomorrow.
But who was it that sent that thanks yesterday?
No name.
To tell you that Mars bars don't have shredded coconut.
You would have coconut.
I don't know what the hell happened to your coconut.
I don't like shredded coconut.
Well, I don't either, I like that.
It's the mountains.
You're confusing Mars with mountains.
Well, they both start with it.
They both have this world.
I know that.
And you should know your mountains, Mr.
It's more right up your alley.
WDQ, A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Mio, what's going on?
I just moved into Miami.
I keep hearing about this guy, Mow.
Bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite, bite.
Do I, do I, do I, do I zy?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60, on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I just moved into Miami.
Guess what?
Dorian, patchmuck.
2 for 2.
Okay, we're batting a thousand.
Even baby route and very bonds.
Never batting a thousand.
WDQ, A.M.
Hello.
Please put George on the poll.
I love you, George.
Put him in my man.
Oh, boy, you're dreaming.
Yeah.
I know you never met him.
I don't I don't qualify. Wow. You're such a manly man. She's desperate. She's really horny. It was what she's doing. I don't look
Manly, but I do all right. Yeah, whatever you do to fire with. There's a fact published on Lantana Road has dream fields
Postus are rushed over to their clear shelf of it excited because this is greater than sliced bread
But what's with this digestible carbs crap? Oh, you know, I already explained this for crying out
And that's the whole idea of it. She's go on the website and read about it the nutritional facts say 42 grams
But they claim only five grand digestible. I want to eat like six boxes a day to go on and I'm looking like the Humper
It is not
Foreshmit and then you know if you're diabetic you should take your own blood sugar after you didn't see the impact
That is on you because everybody's different, but they have that that's the whole idea with it
Jesus talk about stupid
Man right there on our website. There's the whole page read all about it
Like what's his name Johnny used to say for a fill of Morris read all about it back in the day
We used to have a cigarette advertising. We used to advertise packets on TV. Yeah, I remember turned out the way it did called for
Fill of Morris. I think that's what you say read all about it or something like that
Maybe I'm confusing Johnny with somebody else here is Johnny
What an awful movie five six seven all in that movie was on again yesterday with what's your name with the Nicole Kidman
But I realized it's the first time I realized that she's a good actress. I like her
But she does look like a guy and she was sitting in the back
That little kid who claimed to be your husband reincarnated, you know, and I was thinking to myself
Now I understand why she got married to Tom Cruise. I think it looks like a guy. Hey Tommy
You fairy exactly and by the way clearance all those problems you were talking about this morning one question
What are you gonna do about it? You fairy right?
He's coming to ask me now advice. Hey, yeah, this night didn't make your mess. You go you were straightened out
WQAM. Hello
WQAM hello
Hey, yeah, okay, okay, good question yesterday you wrote an article and he said something about the president said
He called the Constitution of GDP to paper. Yes, is that I've heard that in the past
I didn't really know if that was true that he actually say that is that
Yes, he absolutely did that's been in several stories that we've had. Yes. He that was a direct quote. I don't understand why that's not like a huge story
I said because the media are in his back pocket. Don't you understand? That's why he has this
He has this you know photo off of the day every single day here on CNN MSNBC
Every thinking day and that's why because you're a media suck
Collectively or is it sucks? They suck either way. Yeah
pathetic oh speaking of now wait to hear this to show you once again
You know if I was you I'd be out there publish this scooping up every box and that dream feels pasta
Are you losers out there? Yeah, or ordering it. No, you're ordering like George did and the beast said he had some of course
Such a cow anyway. I have it like at least three times a week and make me sauce
You know what's a nice ground beef look? I can eat spaghetti every freaking day right and you can't eat like you know
Two ounces is plenty in fact when you realize well you
Experiment yourself right my problem when I make pastas. I usually make too much
See the excuses what I do. It's a psychological link. I'm always afraid. I'm not gonna make enough right to fill me up
You know with your eyes. Yeah, that's right
And so I always reach in the box and here's a little bit more and then I want to make a huge bowl
You could take a bath and you can't that right but if you make a reasonable about two to three ounces and in fact you can make a good chili Mac
Ooh, that's yeah, right without that of course. I gotta try to recipe on line there for chili
No, you get the kidney beans. I mean real silly. They don't have beans in it anyway. Oh, that's right
But you can make chili Mac like what is shredded cheddar cheese
It's a nice ground beef that you brown an olio oliva
Oh, man, I'm trying and then some nice craft Parmesan cheese light all right
Wait until you hear this though grab a hold of the side ears chair and then once again the old man
They'll got had his finger right in the middle of it
I don't want to say where in the first quarter. This is from where this is from
Media bistro.com. I never heard of it in the first quarter of 2006 MSNBC's countdown with Keith Olberman beat Paul Azon on CNN in the
2554 demo this marks MSNBC's first quarterly primetime victory over CNN in the demographic in almost five years
Congratulations in 2001 MSNBC investigates beats CNN 8 pn. That was five years ago
Countdown averaged 164,000 total viewers in the quarter of 41% from real Q1 last year
Zon averaged them in 58,000 demo viewers a coin MSNBC Bill O'Reilly average 450,000 in the demo beating the crap out of all of them
Down 24% it was supposed to show that the right wingers manner we ought to be on a way to gigantic numbers on this show instead of that crap
That right wing garbage on the chief channel and I would be you know it
Oldman also beat the obnoxious the anxious bitch headline news star Nancy Grayson the demographic
Oh, yeah, sorry bitch. See you next time Nancy Godway Haver. I hate her worse than Kira Phillips and
Soley Dad you're Brian
Not effective
God friend. Thank you friend. Oh, they're here to be a $46 bill bitch
According to program anchor data grace every 154,000 viewers in the demographics so Keith Loverman Vitor by 10,000 you go Keith
What do I tell you always the only guy in MSNBC the a-boy should watch his Keith Overman
The only guy that tells you a little bit of the truth and you know what Lou Dobbs is we got to tell the truth
And I'm thinking to myself one to that star Lou. I missed that memo. We got it every see that promo. I'm sure you have no
Oh, yeah with his big fat face all puffed up screaming about illegal aliens. We got to tell the truth
Yeah, right. You're so full of it Lou. You're so phony man
Knocked with one hand and figured out there's Mrs. Limbaugh
Yeah, I said a publicer on you bitch pop a couple more oxies
26 past 10 at 560 WQ way him hey on your horse racing fans and poker players
Pomp and O Park racing and poker's got all the punching action you want and a money machine too
What a machine man this Friday March 31st every one age 18 order can get the chance to pull the lever of a slot machine
And win the chance to get it away money machine and grab a thousand dollars in betting vouchers and cash
Just stop by the money machine on the truck apron and try your luck. It's a great machine
Located just a half mile from both I'm not a five-and-a-foy to turn bike Pomp and O Park is easy to get to
Investible Pomp and O Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day of your life
Live harness racing in our smoke free poker room all for every Monday Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday
poker gets underway noon goes on till midnight and live racing underway nightly Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
7.25 p.m. Like tonight every Monday at the track
It's Monday madness for two for twenty five dollar dinner specials and don't miss out on Valor night Wednesdays
When draft beer soda hot dogs and more just a bucket pee starting at 6 p.m. including two night
Pomp and O Park also open every day of your life seven days a night a week with the best in-simal casting
Harness through a bread high-line action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on
Make sure to come out this Friday to see if you can get into the money machine and grab a thousand dollars in
Bending vouchers and cash at Pomp and O Park
Pomp and O harness of block south of Atlantic Borough and Powerline Road for the current racing schedule
Go on the web at Pomp and O Park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2
2,000 thank you, Harold Durriss not
This is just a joke here
Michael you close never let ranch over the weekend the workers left and there was no one to take care of bubbles the gym
So he went nuts what happened
Doing what kind of crazy stuff?
It was shocking I was shocked because
There was due to a feces thrown all over the walls the floor
Just feeling a lower torso my butt might know
My penis
I'm not just in a stock so bad. Are you still looks kind of pissed off Michael?
It's an outcry for a
Trincy looks like it's gonna flinch or pull
1032 what is with that pool man? I just I don't know I've looked all these years and very recently
I heard people use the word poo. Of course. It's one of the words we can say on here
But I said I'd rather poo poo that idea. Oh another a rack memo revealed colon pal
Apoise the war without a second UN resolution New York Times before to yesterday in a confidential January
2003 memo that showed President Bush was determined to invade Iraq even without a second UN resolution like we told you we'd be telling you yesterday on a
Hardball oh no the source of that memo British color fill up sands
Still I still believe his brother Tommy sands in fact, maybe he is Tommy sands revealed existence of yet another revealing prewar memo
Sands another memo which records a conversation between colon pala's counterpart in the UK Jack straw
Which makes it clear that in colon pala's eyes if there wasn't enough evidence for a second security council resolution
Then there wasn't enough evidence to justify the US going it alone as tiny revolution notes a May 2003 UK Guardian article report
That's my my dead dogs website tiny revolution a May 2003 UK Guardian article reported on a transcript of a meeting between
Powell and Jack straw in which the two discussed their doubts that WMD's even existed in Iraq the paper later agreed to retract
Forging to the story after straw made it clear that no such meeting took place
It seems the guardian was right after all and there's a transcript of it here
Says cool and Paul was spot on but seems he was overridden by a president others in the administration
We're absolutely taking you as to where he was spot on tragically in erroneous circumstances
Irrespective of what the inspectors found no weapons no BS no outside of connection all of these things were
Vagus totally bogus and people are dying all the time over 23 hundred Americans dead and a bunch of Brits and other innocent
Shmucks who signed up so they could be sent off to be a for your father for your father human father like cattle
Lead the slaughter and what's the public worried about what we got going on America right now
We got a bunch of illegal aliens trying to change the word of illegal to take the ill off illegal
That's what they're trying to do take the IL off as in ill padrino
I like that
I just
How do you like that?
I still have no idea who this is
I know it's you. Somebody call this life the most
But we forgot
It'll always sweet heart
Now probably there's some people who think that's what's his name? What was Anthony singing in the godfather of the universe the opera singer?
Yeah, but it's also it's not
I don't think
No, I don't think
It's not
You know I really bothered me the most if they said what it just had me read the dialogue for God for the three
I could have made it a much better movie. I don't know what you call a filmmaker, but never
Or or the casting or really well forget about that. You know what really bug me I give up it kept repreasing lines for me first
About fathers at points that were in another way they made it camp it was like there was still like like
Like when they're standing in the living room there and the Michael's walking out and he says the
Connie says Michael now they will fear you and he turns around says maybe they should fear you and he says it in such a way like it's a comedy
It is what about the only thing he didn't say was
Yeah, which is coming up later. It was like taking a drink who on the other two movies. What are you gonna do about it?
Yeah, you mentioned that and then they're watching the kitchen
I'm trying to think this is just before we had his diabetic stroke and went into a coma
Roo and let's see it's
Anthony not Anthony what's his name?
García indigarcia
So Vincent Vincent is in there and I think Connie and Michael is in there maybe one other person members of the family and
And Vincent makes some comment and Michael says don't ever tell people what you're thinking well
They're lying with don't ever tell people outside the family with it
I was after the meeting with Salon so remember when sonny opened up a big mouth. That's right. Let's know
Yeah, you can bring the girl in soft all that comedy you're playing with that young Goya exactly never tell anybody outside the family
What you're thinking again
Exactly well at any rates and then the the line was
You know don't tell anybody about outside the family what you're thinking because Salon so was sitting there
Virgil Salon so and one of them they did a drug business right, you know, I want to make them an awfully
A lot of money in that white powder, right, but then they said to
He says it Michael says it to Andy García while it's just in the kitchen rest them you know
Don't ever tell anybody what you're thinking it. It's just oh my god
That's brutal they must have scratched that crap out in about a half an hour right when it does scratch it out
It's really sad too because there's such a good anti-alternative message in that move that's right
Oh, sorry Dennis
Not w2.y.m. Hello
In your garden. Yes, they're speaking
How about putting that macho bitch
Catherine Harris on a pole who is it
Catherine Harris? Yeah, she belongs on their donkey face. Okay, Catherine Harris put her on there a bitch
Corolla that it will now
I'm gonna tell you who else ought to be on there and you'll laugh because he was gay but
Prove that even game but guys can be really much about Raymond Burr in fact
I think all right. I think I'm sure on this was Sean's pull by the way. Thanks Sean
You're making a comeback after some very weak material
Uh, I'm pretty sure this was one of his if I can find got a big pole pile my god. Yeah, I think that was one of his
Whoo, but anyway, I think he had Raymond Burr on there and I said well, we're not gonna put him on there because you would yeah
But he ain't no Charles Nelson Riley, you know, he was no like it was missing pansy rip
When you come back to a rip Taylor. Yeah, yeah
And that crowd don't know what about JP Morgan. Well nobody would know who that is. Oh, no
He'll show crowd, but she was she was butchered up man. She could have kicked your ass with her at one hand tied behind her back
Man, she was macho JP Morgan who else was on that show rip Taylor Jamie far Jamie far with the big snows great like Lou Gordon
Have you ever remember Lou Gordon from Detroit? No, sorry Lou and Jackie Gordon the Lou Gordon show man. He was great
He had like a TV talk show about a hundred years ago in Detroit. Oh, he was outstanding a real hell razor a real ass kicker is dead
Don't remember Lou Gordon. Nope fact when I worked in sorry soda 1973 a WSPP the city of hate and it was this one woman
I used to uh, oh hello you I think I feel like yeah, I used to talk to her every now and then fill them in
I do some to fill them for a guy named F gear Parkinson
I used to call him F goose you're on the loose even then I had a big mouth and was acting like a jackass
And I liked it. I filled them with him a few times
Form this is a guy that came down to semi-retire in serisota from Pittsburgh every time you this story
They're no they put him on to do a talk show from seven eight or seven to nine at night
And of course at nighttime our signal was about six watts
You know out there on city arm and sorry soda and he'd go on the year he comes on the first night
And he's like an opanic because nobody's calling him, you know
Where are your calls? He reminded me a little bit of
Kind of like a pompous ass, you know after your Parkinson
So he started getting these high blood pressure headaches
At least that was as excuse and calling and sick all the time
So that's where I started doing it's filling the show
F goose you're on the loose
F gear Parkinson, man sound like a disease to me. Oh, sorry Mike and Janet. That's bad
Don't be making fun of no Parkinson's disease. Okay, so maybe you'll be eating pizza shakies
Lady I did like shakies, all right
It just didn't have the traditional crust. It was a very unique kind of crust
You know what kind of crust are reminded me of think about you know, Totino's frozen pizza
We all know that yeah, and you know how the crust is just
It's just a totally different animal from your like regular pizza crust and you have to be just in the right mood to eat it
But it's it's okay. We have 526 votes. It's not even 11 o'clock yet
We got to try it at that thousand if Josh quarters puts his mind to it and keeps reminding the audience that lean on it
It's it's gonna happen. Don't you worry? You think oh, yeah, now that's unusual for you
And by the way, I went to back for you guys this morning George heard it. I don't know. Yeah, I heard it
It did a lot of good not yeah, it's just totally ignored it
You know, I'm doing the best I can but what's I'm not gonna do right they just ignore me
Oh Josh and George we don't care about them screw them you know this Joe Bellman
I'm gonna tell you something there's a four-letter word that comes to mind when I think of him in fact it's spelled bruh
Schmidt
This is 516
Exit a month
Yes, why would you get this answer to the amplifier? I got a failure this stuff Jagle off and it only cost me
999 99 what a deal for the amplifier and the tuners. I also got an anti-stack record block and
2h LH proud flotty of clack record 3000 speakers you can do it all over come back only 99 I must be some sort of
Okay, okay
Now isn't that pathetic you know how old that thing is that that's from 100 years ago
That's an old ACN right somewhere and he said the S-bag word in there we can't say that which is nothing wrong with but we can't say it
Oh no the FCC doesn't care about it and nobody else care the audience doesn't care about it even the most goody two shoes phone
Evil ones out there don't care about it, but the joy scares about it so we can't say it what a crocker scum
I wonder if she has her own bag choice you think I wouldn't be surprised probably stinks like hell anyway 1046 at 560 WQ
Am I this is getting really ridiculous, you know
What did Joe Bellah told me that it's how can they expect you to do a show with your hands tied behind your microphone
Well, and he was had his thumb right on it, but then he took him right off
Oh, guess what Mike Lupica writes in the daily news Josh is not going to be too happy with this uh-oh
Time for sealing to bury bonds and there's a picture of very bonds with it looks like he's either got like um
An apple in each cheek or somebody stuck a bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew his head up
Or maybe it was just those roids or he's popping a big horse
Well, you're bad you're
Brutal is what you are brutal. Hoss was on finance a man
Don't start with that kind of lingo on the show. This is a family show. Don't you remember mr. family?
Anyway very by oh you know something that thing about I forgot because I had to dump that bit
Uh, mums are that they're often about great reads of mums are
Mums are is one of my all-time favorite words in any language mums are it just and when I think of
Come up with one word that would describe him mums are would have been perfect
Yeah, it sounds right. Yeah, mums are very bonds is blood sealic's Pete Rose writes Mike Lupica
Sealing has to go after bonds officially making him a suspect in the eyes of his sport before another season begins the way the late late
Bar-A Barti Amati went after Rose who denied and denied and denied is given away bonds is denied use of steroids
Here is bonds on May 21, 2001 talking in the San Francisco chronicle about his increased power on his way to 73 tainted homerons
I put tainted in there. There's some things that don't understand right now the balls
I used to line off the wall are lining out of the park. I can't tell you why call god ask him
Oh god had something to do with it
It turns out we don't have to call god all we have to do is read the book game of shadows
According to the book and two San Francisco chronicle reporters are clearly never believed to word bond said
There was a reason why he started hitting more homerons than he ever hit in his life
On the same day the same newspaper asked him about the possibility of ranking Henry Aaron's record of
755 career homerun someday hell no bond said to the chronicle
I promise you from the bottom of my heart. I won't be in the game that long
You believe nothing he says now at the end of last year remember bond city was gonna show up skinnier this season
He showed up as big as ever
Here's bonds on the subject of cheating February of last year. I don't know what cheating is
I don't believe steroids can help your eye hand coordination technically hit a baseball
I just don't believe it he said in a statement an opposition to all the evidence presented in game of shadows
Page after page of it investigative reporters are not just skill but integrity the truth is always more trouble for bonds and pictures
Won't pitch to him here is more of the world according to bonds again in 05 talking about how the legacy of the steroid era and baseball
Which he is now the big fat poster boy for you can't rehash the past we need to go forward move forward let it go
He wishes sound like Mark Mcguire now
Wanted to go on the past the defense from bonds about bonds that we must let this go is as false as bonds saying
He didn't understand where his home run search came from in 2001
As false as bonds allegedly telling a grand jury universe where this trainer Greg Anderson was giving him as false as bonds
Suggesting he didn't know what cheating is before the new season starts before bonds adds to a legend that screw on the way the rest of
Where the rest of my hands that's a great line. Back home
Sealing must announce once and for all the sports investigation of this home run era and baseball in general bonds in particular
If bonds doesn't like being called out this way by baseball after being called out by this book if his union which thought drug testing for years
Doesn't like it then let them do what nobody has done yet
Stand up and say that mark feina rua wada and lance widems are the ones lying here the authors
We need to turn the page ground set on March 24th last year
We need to forget about the past let us play the game where entertainers let us entertain
Oh, he's an entertainer. All right. He'll be a huge attraction once the season starts the dancing bertha circus
They'll cheer him in San Francisco when he passes baby Ruth and we'll hear again that is most by two-per-difcredits
Hadam the arrogant black star for passing the white guy who's been more than famous names in American sports since the 20s
As if bonds is breaking some kind of record by passing Ruth is if we care about that anymore
The great Henry Aaron as much as the soul of his sport is anybody pass Ruth more than 30 years ago
Third man the great Henry Aaron is the one who is victim of racism and never wind the way bonds that they do reporter from the associated press
Talking about throwing his supersize self off a building
Or gee they have enough earthquakes out in frisco already without that
The color of bond skin isn't the issue here. Never has been never will be anyone who suggests that bonds the spoiled child of a baseball star
Is victim of racism insults all those before him really were the victims of racism from Jackie Robinson to Aaron when Aaron was chasing Ruth
It's offensive. It's as offensive as bonds lack of accountability and when he must think is his plausible
Deniability about a home run career after the age of 35 that bears no resemblance to the home curve a run career that came before that
People want to talk about mark McGuire now if McGuire were still playing
You think we wouldn't be after him if we knew as much about him in 98 as we know about bonds now more than a jug of andro and
In his locker with Chey you think we wouldn't be after the white guy
There's no bigger story than bonds and sports as he chases the biggest record in sports the one that belongs to Aaron
You wonder what Aaron the greatest living ball player really thinks about this
What he thinks about steroids and human growth hormones about artificial means and artificial ends
Henry Aaron who played his remarkable career at six feet and a hundred eighty pounds
Who just kept hitting the ball out of the park with those amazing wrist season after season
Henry Aaron who said this to a friend not long ago when the subject of steroids was raised all I ever used was chewing gum
he said
Like the chief said and Cooper's next gum
Remember that juicy food right
juicy food you slice son of a bitch that was just before they both got the
The shot treatment
Remember that little dabble do you
Poor Randall McGrurphy made no reason for and then he had that pillow fight and came out and losing end
Okay, let's see how that I don't want it like rub it into very bonds because I don't really care about baseball at all
Just pisses Josh off
Was she already ought to be pissed off at the management there for treating him like crap and lying through their teeth to him
And that's of course, you know never trust a guy named Josh Josh
558 votes. I don't know. I don't think we're gonna do it. Who's the most macho of them all?
I don't know why it's pretty easy pull
Clint Eastwood 124 janitor Reno 110. She's given clean a run for her. It's money. I don't know
Clint Eastwood. I put him on there. That was my own choice, but he I don't know see a macho guy to me can speak
Clint Eastwood can't speak. He's got like read across the syndrome. He talks like you know like that
Yeah, I'm like that. That's right
It's part of the science. I just don't understand that well. Let me tell you something punk
Oh, wait a minute look what I look what I did there. Oh
You could not talk a man
I don't know. Speak like a man to quit whisper. I don't do my college boy. I didn't know how to hear it. I got
Clint Eastwood 124 janitor Reno 110. Jim Manditz 98, but don't come on man. My god. What's that?
I don't know, but let's hear it again
Okay, Sean Connery 48 Teddy Roosevelt 43 James Conn he was so good now
You know, yes, he was I mean he was also he was good in
The Kathy Bayes movie misery right great in that, but he was a hundred years old by that movie
It was very you know you're looking at that movie and you think this is Santino. This is sunny from the guy
You know as opposed to some of the other actors like Robert Dubal he pretty much always looks the same you know oh
Yeah, nice nice piece Sean Connery 48 Teddy Roosevelt 43 Lindy England 39 Kess must macho Lindy or
All those Iraqis
Ernest Hemingway 22 Charles Bronson 11 and quarter 10 man colder
Johnny Weissmobber 10 Barbara Bush old bads has got nine father of our country
Arnold Washington nine sliced alone eight Kimba Bo camper seven
Pronder Leezer six Brad Pitt five Anthony Hopkins four
Ricardo Montelbonne one Raymond Burr and Catherine Harris don't have any other five 64
See they're not gonna vote for Raymond Burr based on a gate because you know
I guess it reminds no
Hey, male could be macho. Well, if you asked me perimation and either
I will share iron size seem pretty much to me to me. Let's see some pretty callous knuckle the fogates before
There you go. I never checked the knuckles
Speaking of that speaking of sexual hanky panky Duke universities highly rank a lacrosse team will not play again
The scene see we had so many Hank stories today and he's off the Vegas to pick out at that buffet at the Vegas Hilton
Off he went to Duke he he was just in
Where was it in Kentucky Florence Kentucky? He said don't come any Florence
Duke universities highly ranked lacrosse team will not play again the season until school administrators learn more about allegations
That several team members raked it in exotic dancer and off-campus party to school said yesterday
They are accused of raped the rape did it though this these chicks well just the one
Now is that her on there that is a picture on our eye shape president Richard broadhead
Oh, decided to spend the team from play until there's a clear resolution of the legal situation involving team members
The university said the cases royale the campus raised racial tensions and heightened antagonism between the affluent students
At Duke which cost about 43 grand a year to go to and the city of Durham
Which has a large population of four people is about evenly divided between white and black
Isn't that where you're sell stiff? I mean a trist is from Durham rally. Oh, I like I said a woman told police
In another dancer were hired to perform March 13 at a private party an off-campus home the dancer a student in North Carolina central university
North Carolina told police. She was pulled into a bathroom beaten choked and raped it by three
men no one has been charged yet
Armed with a judge's order police to the DNA samples with a chief swap from 46 of the lacrosse teams 47 players last week
The 47th player the only black member of the team did not have to provide DNA because the dancers said her attack is
We're white. I guess I kind of narrowed it down
I need to have the information about who'll be charged to district attorney Mike and knife on I feel pretty confident that a rape occurred
Did it did broadhead said team captain zodafide athletic director Joe Aliva on Tuesday that players wanted to stay off the field until the DNA results came back from a crime life
And a statement the captain's predicted the DNA testing would clear the players have wrong doing the Toronto Maple Leafs will undergo DNA testing
They because they won a game last night they beat Philadelphia broadhead said it was his decision to expand the suspension in this painful period of uncertainty
This clear to me as it was to the players. There will be inappropriate to resume the normal schedule play
Well, you know, that's interesting
But NASCAR they had a guy die in
Time trials on Sunday morning. They went ahead with the race. Am I right about that Josh? You're right about that
They went ahead and had the race. Oh, they had a moment of silence
They had a half a second of sounds I read about it about a quarter of a second of sounds
And before they can even like hang their head and meal that foamy thing they do like okay
Start your engines. Let's go and kill somebody. You know all that crap
NASCAR girl is no wonder Joe Castellan
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is the brain
Any questions
Watch the sunny tongue on the news
Birds of things said I hope we're not true
Close the door and love it real tight
Make sure my head's working for the night
Didn't really know what else I could do
Even broke out the hearts please shampoo
Now I'm hoping this will flow
Think my cat has the
Oh
Oh
Oh
Not
But just in case
He's
It's 1115
How could we leave all some of these names for example here's a clue
You
Yeah, how we leave him off decide that although it is not so much of a no spandex pants in for 9.11 but nevertheless
Farrah I mean in the column bottoms and Billy Jean King says Gene Rogers always listening Gene
Thank you Gene and what about John Wayne the Duke we've got two say in the dude
Oh, I'm Gene and you're in all I'm not familiar. Thank you much more much more than the Fay I mean John Wayne
We put in Billy Jean King on there. Yes, why not all of these all of these people
So when we're gonna get to that thousand votes by a week from
Sookis I don't think we're gonna make it. I mean it's 1102 already
Do we even have we even have 600 yet? I doubt it
596 see we got a really goose that we got a goose this progress up there
And this is my bad because I didn't put it on there till this morning
So the last night that's the way it goes because that wasn't here last night was busy losing
Cruising and losing couldn't find a good machine
There were and the reason I couldn't find one is there weren't any I guess that's a good reason no good machine
567 and you know something I want to start a little bit on tomorrow's poll too. We usually don't do this
Well, we were one time there was getting like three four days ahead right can never be too far ahead on the pools
Right because that's what these people that's their specialty do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that too. Well, this was inspired by that fact so yesterday
Tell me that Mars bars don't have shredded coconut and he says on that note
How about a feature pull for what you're all time favorite candy bar is
We may have done that a long long time ago, but I don't recall and I'm gonna I'm gonna go back on what I told you off the year before
Because you can't know well you can't it's not fair. I'm not gonna say we're gonna put well
I don't know do we want to put like Milky Way dark? I guess we better. Yeah, I made her one of them. Huh? They don't scare me
I bet if the if one of them popped out of the ATM would
Yeah
Anyway, favorite all-time candy here's what I got no the reason I do this is because like regular playing Hershey bars are for going
I mean nobody that likes real chocolate just eats a Hershey bar, but the Hershey bars with toffee and almonds
They are outstanding. I do it would we agree on that? I the the the little nugget packages is that what you're talking about?
No, no, no because they they come in little nuggets my ass. I bet
That's her killer flu chicken. No, I like I like her. She's with toffee and almonds
When we get the bags of the nuggets. No, well, yeah, same thing
Those two are the nugget for nuggets, but anyway, you can't you can't have the pull without like that
So I don't know how far we want to break it down because like for example, I got M&M's and M&M peanut
Hey, we got all the room in the world. We can put every variation of everything on that right
What's your all time favorite candy? Here's what I got so far for tomorrow Mars bar. No coconut by the way
Snickers Clark bar. That's for me. I'm gonna put Clark bar. I haven't had one in a year. I don't know where the hell I would find one
Don't go look no, I'm not even no candy there good
Mounds that's the moment of coconut is it? I'll enjoy
Now the Zaman joy also have coconut. Did we decide now are you gonna say anything anymore? I get yelled at I think that I think it does
Josh to Zaman joy have coconut. Yes, and mounds
M&M is not right M&M's all right smarties which is like Canadian M&M's in the British and European
Score oh, I may have to vote for score as KOR. Mm-hmm. They're great. Heath bar very similar to score, right first you bar. Oh
Crunchy Canadian Kit Kat turtles you like turtles. I do like turtles Milky Way dark or just plain old Milky Way, right?
Terra milk three mouse cutiers
Mushi Charleston chew. I don't know what that is but Beast came in his morning told us he chewed it
He did the Charleston chew while he was talking to you marathon bar. I wonder if the marathon man every Thursday
I guess they don't make those no mole, but again. What was your all-time favorite? Right? Zagnot bar never see a Zagnot. Yeah
Butterfinger, and of course now they got like the big 45 pound oh, you know, it's your arm. Yeah
Reces which I hate
I'm gonna choke that about then this full. I hate peanut butter and candy. I don't mind peanut butter
You know by itself I can take it and smell doses, but I'll pass on the recess right not for me
Eminem peanut which is totally different than regular Eminem's it's a different product right and Hershey with Toffee and almond
And that's pretty good. I think I'm gonna vote for that last one
You gotta Hershey with time now. Have you had that Josh? No, really phenomenal. You'll kill it. Oh
You could hurt you so good. I mean you're dearly you think of a her and what about like I
Do they still have like when you go into a
supermarket or like into a convenience store? Do they still have Nestle's plain chocolate bars?
I guess I'll put Nestle's on there, but should Nestle's make some kind of other candy right
But I think they just have those very boring old Nestle's like with the red wrapper, you know
I think they do I don't know. I thought I'm a raffle candy. Oh crack the hell with right. So they only make them little now
Yeah, like in the in those bags where you get like
I always always pass on the crackle
Well, as the other there was Hershey's with nuts and then the plain Hershey chocolate and then the crackle
Remember these stuff three different kinds and it was a little sacks of like 40 million of those little
Minis you got mr. Good bar on there. Oh mr. Good bar. I'm looking to get her. She's with nuts
So what it is? Yeah, I haven't know
Very not very not mr. I like almonds. I'd rather rather have all the heat up
Here's one that says for today's pool so we got to get this three nut
I hope for either Helen Thomas of all on a Roosevelt same person or anyone who ever had sex with either one
By the way, it says Franklin didn't end up in a wheelchair
Hey
Franklin never had sex with Helen Thomas although she's old enough could have had
I hate to break the news to but Franklin was in a wheelchair long before him or at Eleanor his
Second or third cousin or something like that. She was oh, I'll tell you one thing. They sure made he sure made a lot of babies
He had polio is a
Teenage right away right? Yes, right? Yes, but he's sure for God a wheelchair. He sure made a lot of babies
The Roosevelt's well, apparently that wasn't paralyzed. Oh, and of course making babies with her
What a new key was really
I mean she may have been the obvious creature ever on the face of the earth
She made perfect you mean look like Brad Pitt. That's how grotesque she was
56705 60 pound five 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless lines
We got 15 different poles going on here
We got the Curtis in the 2 to 4 rolling slot which our program director clearance by the way
It's very embarrassing that we don't have like a permanent grinder 2 to 4 and he's asking me a lot of stupid questions
You're on your own sweetheart and by the way clearance what are you gonna do about it? You fairy w.k.y.m
Hello
Q.i.m
Yeah, I think you Joe Bell, please
Yeah, give him give me a message from me message from Garcia Q.i.m
Hello, yeah, I've one for the candy bar poll. Yes, uh, what's him? I call it. Okay. Yeah, that's that's true
I've never seen that a long time. What what is that?
Um, it's sort of like a snickers without the peanut. It's got new good. Yeah, it's got new. It. Yeah, and I liked it
If it's got new. It okay thanks. What's your McCall? I hope I spelled it right. I don't know. I'll leave it up here
Whatever how about what do you call it?
You have a big way of $1,000 is it million dollar bar?
Yeah, I was that nearly how about how about the Steve McQueen he kicked John Williams asking a second
Okay, Steve McQueen man
Now that was really interesting because I like
Well, I thought he was done that Steve McQueen and then he still was on it like four seconds later. That was good
How about how about it? I think he meant maybe Steve McQueen for the candy bar. Did I put baby Ruth?
See we've been talking about that. No, I did not
St. Andrew's hiding in plain sight now who the other either now the McCandy bar wasn't named after him
But there's a some candy bar named after oh Henry. Oh, no. Oh Henry, right
Little really muddy. I like oh Henry. Okay. They're okay
But who was it that they had a candy bar named after him some athlete? Judge. I should know it
Yeah, sure. Who wasn't I don't know come on
I can look it up. Huh? You mean besides the oh Henry. Oh Henry was an athlete. Was it named after Henry Aaron?
Get out of here. Oh Henry was named after Henry Aaron. That's what I heard but you're out of your
I'm gonna tell you. Oh Henry was named after Henry Aaron
I will come right down to it case you on all four cheeks. I don't have any chef. There is no chance. Was he a baseball player?
Yeah, Henry was a baseball player, but oh Henry
Yeah, are you talking about well Henry was an author of five thousand years ago? Okay. Okay. I'm gonna google this
Yeah, this is ridiculous. Oh Henry was around when I was in the story. I heard yeah
Yeah, all these stories on the street
Well, why would I make that up? I'm about to hear about Henry Aaron. It's ridiculous. All right. Yeah
I mean there there have been baseball players with candy bars in there. Let's see. Oh Henry biography. Oh no, see this is uh
Oh Henry the author. Yeah, you gotta do it. Oh Henry candy bar. Oh
Geez. I hate when I do that. Okay. Candy bar
So there was a candy bar not that long ago named after some athlete
Oh Henry candy bar homepage. Well here is where we're gonna get to. Let's go get the endless
Oh Henry bars two peanut fudge and caramel. Uh, what is it covered in rich milk chocolate
Hmm so the quantities of one 18 and 36 it says that but you can't eat only 36
So what does that tell me? I don't want to buy them
I just want to see the history. Let's see. Hard to find. I got to think here it says uh the candy bar has nothing to do with hammer and hank or
The author no
I didn't think it did but I'm sure it's how I've done with Hank Aaron you better start learning your candy bar
Hey, somebody show me a bill of goods. We got 628 votes
We haven't got a chance at a thousand until five o'clock. We aren't gonna get to a thousand
And Josh is sitting there. Oh yeah, and the days when we are gonna make it it's always like oh, we got no shot
You know and today no problem 629 votes at 11 o'clock your dreaming where the other votes gonna come from
You know that many we had that many listeners. I'd say oh yeah, we got a shot. We used to we used to have it
Before the new regime came in and the deep than 86 this
Is there a candy bar with like a number? What is the bar? I'm thinking of like a hundred thousand dollar bar
What it is there was a bar known as Reggie after Reggie Jackson Reggie that's the bar after Reggie Jackson
But I don't want to put it on nobody knows what that is right?
Wasn't there a million dollar bar or something like that? That's what I was just saying a hundred thousand dollar bar
I think no but I could be wrong about that hundred grand that might have been it. Are you googling these candy bar?
I know that there was a hundred grand bar. I don't know if it's named that was a grand that might have been the name
I know that there was a hundred thousand dollar
You can only eat a hundred kind of like I always say it's pringles, but it's not pringles
What is it you is it lays you can only can't only eat one is that it yeah?
It's late and that's because they're loaded with chemicals. They make you want either way they're wrong
Just like I was like three months ago. I ate one lays potato chip out of a fold who freshly opened
The reason for that has a greasy and they suck no they're good. I love them
I ate one and I haven't had one since
Well, you know something that would be like me going and I'm trying to think of a parallel with that
Me going to the store and buying like a half a gallon of Nestle's tour any one teaspoon full and throwing a rest out
I just don't see that happening. Well, just I hate these ad lines that are ridiculous
I don't know one can eat just one well
Here's one guy that can only eat just one and I haven't had one and I don't think I'll ever have one again until they give you some money
Well, I have a response for that. Well, congratulations get a light right. Hey, you got to do something 1113 at 560 just cost for
$6,000 coin to a recent survey Americans keep their mattresses for 10 point two years
I'm on a teddy right now fat boy is just disgusting man every respect quit emailing me about things that we already know
We know Scott for relis on serious. We know he's on eight to midnight
We know how I put him on it. We already know that we've disgusted. We've digested it. We spat it out
Man, that's fat boys emailing me crap. Instead of going out there and you know selling something we're servicing an account
Which he's only got one
Yeah, he's emailing me crap that we already know old news
Quotal recent survey Americans keep their mattresses for 10 point two years. It's like keeping a car for a hundred thousand miles
If your mattress is five to ten years old, it's probably not performing like it used to it was
You need to call one 800 mattress the number for our friends at dollar mattress rank number one for customer satisfaction
So there's no risk not with their deal because here's how it works
You order a mattress from the expert bed and consultants at dollar mattress. They deliver right to your door
You try it out don't like it just call them back at one 800 mattress. They'll replace it to your total
Satisfaction guaranteed once you buy from one 800 mattress
You'll never go back to a showroom and get ripped off again
It's so easy. I have to do a sit there on your fat arthritic ass
Call one 800 mattress and pick out the two our window
You want them to show up at your house and they do on time every time they take away the crappy old stained and soil bedding
And you're on the way to great night sleep for years to come when you call dial amatrist no ripoffs no nonsense no off brands
No run-around no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices on the top brands. You know trust in love
Like silly and certain Simmons King Coral temperate externs and foster hewitt and latent hewitt and not dial amatrist offers no payments
Your interest for 12 months. So how can you possibly pass on this deal if the old mattress is shot call one 800 mattress right now
Or log onto their website mattress.com for the best sleep you've had in years
1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes
This is Neil Rudder
This is 516 QA
The power manure covers over this performance by the dollars
Can't you just got back today?
That jerk to you used to play
Like nobody else mattered anyway, but man, I still think Jerry Jones is crazy
The boys are back to cloud the boys are going down
I said the boys are back to cloud there's no reason Dallas Dallas
You know that jerk who you sit down for a lot
Every time they got the ends over the sharpening in his sock
Man he thought he was cool, but he was really not
What a joke that's everloist
And that time at the Cowboys place
Went to your dance and a little girl wanted to scrape
Van Emme grand over and got on his face
And now he thinks they won't forget it
The boys are back to cloud the boys are going down
I said the boys are back to cloud
There's no reason Dallas Dallas
That's the Joe's been hanging round
This ego is renowned
The boys are back to cloud
That boys are going down
You know I thought the other day I had a nightmare
And really was downing with our assault on TV
That Animba and Terri signed with the Colts
And I just saw just Google it just that
Oh you thought you had an nightmare
It wasn't nightmare
But the only problem is it's true
Yeah it's true
Oh I know that
Well what are they thinking up there in New England
Well I guess you know three super balls enough
Spread it around a little bit
I'll tell you who we ought to put on this pool
Who also like Raymond Burwell get any votes
Not because he's a quite not the opposite
But Tom Brady
See he won't get any votes because he's a pretty guy
So you know and pretty guys can't possibly be macho
You'll see put him on there
I mean to me you got it so one three super balls
And quarterback for a uh
Maybe that's fantastic
Maybe that's what
Why
What do you mean maybe that's not why
You'd say he's not macho
I didn't say that at all
You only wish you only wish you were getting some of the slap over
Yeah
Right
And so because they're going to vote for an imagery kind of thing
Like Charles Brooks
I just got through saying he won't get any votes
And I'm proving a point
I don't need to put a lot of people on there
I already put Janorino and she's damn near and for his place
Yeah
She'll do well
That was my doing
Being sick and twisted like I am
And Jesus
Now I'm going to tell you man
With both her hands tied behind her back
She could kick your ass
Like you're a tear
Just with a look
Just to let him shake he looks
You pee in your pants and run like hell
Who's the most macho
How are we doing on a vote
Uh
Uh
55
Now we're not going to do
No way
We can do it you know
It's easy
This is the bag
Yeah you're in the bag
Clint East will 138
Janorino
121
Next time clearance comes in
By the way
You both have my permission to beat the crap out of him
Oh god
Would that make me feel good
You hold him all ahead
And judge
Jim Man is 111
And third place
Sean Connery 57
Boy
The long way down from the mad dog to Sean
Teddy Roosevelt 48
You want to know why they like Teddy Roosevelt
Because he was a
That's right
Linda Eman 42
Ernest Hemingway 25
Boy it's a big drop off
After those first day of three
Charlie Bronson 21
And co-man Colter 18
Barb Bush 13
John Wayne the Duke Scott 10
The Duke is back in town
Arnold Schwarzenegger 10
Johnny Weissmutter 10
Hercules
I'm not here at Tarzan
Who played Hercules
Steve Reeves
You want to put Steve Reeves on here
He's pretty macho
Does anybody remember who he is
Well put him up
Put him on there
Put him on there
Put him on there
Chris Reeves
Slice to loan 8
Condor Leezer 7
Kim Bo Campers 7
Brad Pitt 5
I bet you Condor Leezer's got a big unit
Oh we got a Randy Johnsonster again
The follow-up
Anthony Hopkins 4
Steve McQueen 2
Billy Jean King's got appeared
Believe me that's what Bobby Reeves found out
Ricardo Montelban 2
Tom Brady got one
All right
Hey whoever voted for Tom Brady
You fairy
Oh Catherine Harris won
Charles and Heston and Raymond Burr
Both have the big
Oh
So far
Most amusing
Somebody says my favorite candy bar
Payday
Payday
Payday as rich and a rent with screen
As probably in the top shelf
Or grandma keeps the candy bars
As Randy Motor would rip off
Hey Randy you're an idiot
That's right there in Pittsburgh
Always wife will hear it and pass it along
Now let's see you send me a facsus
His little history
But it's all blacked out
I can't remember
I was hoping it would get through a bit
No
What does it say
So the bottom one is in the factory
Where they were making the candy bars
There was this little kid
Or young guy named
Wait a minute just on another candy bar
Before we go on
Bit of honey
Right
There you go
Bit of honey
Too chewy and sweet for me
No way
Are you kidding me
You don't like bit of honey
You don't like really a goi
I have my portion
Bit of honey
They will pull your teeth out
That's true
Almost like Turkish Daffy
Now what were you saying
There was an accident in the candy place
Right
And this little kid lost his nut
No
There was this young guy named Henry
That would flirt with the whole
The story about that guy years ago
The guy was
He was doing his number on the lady
That's right
Anyway
And he would flirt with the girls that made the candy
And the owner
Williams and whatever
Was coming out with a new candy bar
Didn't know what to name it
And the girls would
Oh Henry
Yeah they would get the kid
To do favors for them
They would say
Oh Henry
Do this
Oh Henry
Do that
And he heard them say that
That's what I was saying
I would be in the news department
Oh Henry
There he was
And they can't be drinking other bottle of wine
Right
Why was he doing
Doing news
Anyway here's one that says
The candy bar question is the John
Haha
That's cute
That's cute
That's cute
That's cute
That's cute
That could be also the time
Green of a candy bar
How long that marriage
How many days did that merge last
How many hours
About 30 minutes
Something there that didn't meet the eye
You know what I'm saying
5 6 7 0 5 6
We're building today's poll
We're building a bar's poll
We're building a whole new universe
Man we're building a new QAM
We're trying desperately
We got a sales manager who
Oh god
That whole deal today
That we went through there with
Claire and I give
Handed to Claire and so
So I can't say much for him
But he sure came through today
Then he took a little
Project in his hands there
And he went right back there
And dragged for a strafford in there
By the nap of the neck
Like a little child
Spanked him a couple of times
No
How do I, Claire?
Kick those bastards in the shape
Because the new sales manager
Stiffy Jr
He can do it
He can't even figure out
How to speak English yet
He speaks North Carolina and ease
Yeah this thing with his illegal
You know
Immigrant is one thing
See to me an immigrant
Is somebody who comes in legally
Right we have a quota
And there are writings
And people waiting to come in legally
Or law-abiding people
Who would like to come in legally
That's right
Don't get a yacht
Go up the floor
Or there's license
Wait don't worry
Get him approval
Oh how about Crackerjack
That's not a candy bar
Your favorite candy is
Oh I do a candy
Okay let's put Crackerjack
Crackerjack
And what's the other stuff
That's like Crackerjack
What do they call that?
Fiddle faddle
No
Fiddle faddle
Trust me
And they got crunching much
No that's what I was thinking
That's all the same
Now don't they sell crunching much
Instead of Crackerjack at the ballpark
At the PV park Jack
Yes
Yes
See now why is that
Whoever heard
They got the concession
They got the bid
Yeah but whoever heard of that
Going to a ballpark
And not being able to get Crackerjack
Right
Right
In fact isn't that what it was
It's in the song
And that's what I'm looking for right now
Take me out
Wait a minute
I'll find it
Here we uh
Oh please don't tell me it's not
I had to in there
Oh
I'm in here
Come on here you can
Oh one
One
Up to
Back from the grave
Up to
Take me out to the ballpark
Take me out to the crowd
Why is that the next day
Crunch and lunch
I
I won't get
If I ever get back
I'll be getting ready
No
For the coffee
You say
No women should say
Four and five
Two
Three
Two
Two
Three
Yeah
The guy that in person he had heard it was so good
I can't really tell on that one whether it's really him or the other guy that's him
That was Harry
That's Harry
Oh
27 after 11 at 5 60 W like here the expert right
The Harry Carey expert
You and the expert are worthy still bits and drops came from
Oh
Hey if you're hungry if you got a big appetite right now because we're talking about candy and food and mind your mind
Then hit for John the Baker two locations for you on pines blowrod and home depot center just west of lumen go or the brand new John the Baker at the
Sterling Town Center corner of Sterling and Pine Island Road and Cooper City
Big delicious fresh portions of all your favorite Italian goodies like sausage and peppers chicken Parmesan baked
CD lasagna
Veal Parmesan all hot and steaming gigantic persons on your plate at teeny tiny prices
And the best garlic rolls you've ever seen in your life
In fact if you go in there with a meal mentioned in the orangua center
You can get a half a dozen of John's real famous garlic rolls absolutely free
Just we're having the caulons the big pair to say that fat kneels at me and that's so good
George and John should try just about everything on the menu by now
Rave about John the Baker all the time including that fantastic sloppy sausage sub
And some of the best pizza you'll find anywhere in South Florida
Positively the best bring the whole family or call a hand for takeout in pember pines called 954
431 435 15 tell method Duffmeister sent you
ML say you fairy in pember pines 954 431 435 15 in Cooper City 954 252 0091
252 0091
John the Baker always big portions always fresh and delicious always the best it had in food in South
Florida it don't get no better than John the Baker
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 QA
For the flagship stage the discomfort of hemorrhoidal tissues making your backside burned for you
Then tribes preparation age
Preparation age it's soon the burn use only as a breakfast
Welcome hell it damn they're kill them it's 1132 28 till no 560 WQAM is where like
In fact a little bit of blood in back in this place. You know we need like a
We need a transfusion knowing
Yeah, we do we need to get a long
Chew from the hospital into the front door there where the credit we were used to be before they kept getting held up
So somebody says oh look at this costello uh-huh you know see what this is from
Yeah, but anybody could have written that on there
No
From your boyfriend says Dale Earnhardt
I mean there's no there's no like regular person out there that would write like Dale Earnhardt
But a a NASCAR race car groupie type he would write that crap joke castello
No, nobody would know that he spells it like that see because they all think it's costello
Which is intending that it is he don't even know how to pronounce his name right
It's hanging that's Castello you don't pronounce a like that see what I'm saying uh-huh
Castello as in manja manja
Anyway, Dale Earnhardt you can put him on here is he still alive?
You're gonna get killed all right and it's hard for me to keep track of the erase car guys
We thought he was the one that died
I think they'll see you're just you're uh-huh see I get confused yeah the old man
We lose the old man and then he's got a tag that on him which we already got that so go away Joe
Go away. You just yell us that you know you're not on real radio you run at XM crap
See this thing was serious and XM I mean I'm really delighted that there are people who you know
Canca jobs in real radio that I got a job there I mean Howard's the only exception to that
Or maybe Martha Stewart who the whole one will listen to that bitch
I mean like Lynn Samuels there's a good example or
For real who's on eat to midnight on serious now
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah the big package
Ah ah ah ah ah you know see I just don't get that other than the fact that he's a crazy person
I just I don't get it who's the most macho that's our pull we got 708 you're right
We got a we got a little bit of a shot we need 292 votes in two and a half hours
We should be able to do that, shouldn't we?
Clint Eastwood 149 he is the one that died by the way
They're pretty senior Clint Eastwood died
He never died in any movie did he? I don't think so
30 hurrieden die because then they could make the sequels right
And certainly in play misty for me although Jessica Walter wanted him to deny she wanted the other one to die
Well it's gonna be pleased don't tell me all right from a not-slanding
Gunna Mills that's right I like telling you she was good no
Not planning was good whatever happened to Pat Peters that's how he's holding a hundred years old now
Oh God that's bad that is so sad
Clint Eastwood 149 you know that's a good pull suggestion
I just gave myself what pern
Besides I mean I think we're talking about famous people not yourself you know because most of us would like to
Freeze ourselves at an early age you know like 20 or whatever
You know what's in but what's celebrity what famous person would you like to have frozen at an earlier age?
You're like like Brandon the Wilville you know like 20 Barbara Eden
Barbara Eden would have been good like about 25 I would say even though we didn't see her till she was 30
Arbaziton yeah 30 that shows she was already like 30 well there's nothing wrong with the one she's ever
Show except you have the bottle that's like a present would have a bottle problem Clint Eastwood 149 Janet Reno 127
I don't think she ever look I think she was born looking like that and that's not a pretty sight either
She is a killer man Janet that's what they said in Waco mad dog 117 for Jimmy Mandage and then after that
It's very very teeny tiny taters they're all fighting for fourth place Sean Connery 61 Teddy Roosevelt 50
Lindy England he's got 43
Oh and to think that she got pregnant I don't know how that happened not the traditional way you can be sure
We're gonna stimme way up earn a stimme way 26 Charles Bronson 23 man colder 21
Barbara Bush old babes has got 14 with her beautiful mind John Wayne 12 Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 11th the governor
Johnny Weissmobber 10 Condor Leaser has got eight sliced to donate Kimba Wilkampere still stuck on seven
He can't even come close to the mad dog now. Who do you think would win there like if those two duked it out?
Who do you think would win that I think a boat camper would stop on his ass like oh yeah, I mean so big right not to take anything away from the mad dog being a tough
Pugeless but he's not small either you know, I don't know when the last time you were
He's not a small guy but boat camper is it he he's like
The House Paul Runyon right or Damon Runyon
the Kim Boca
Ha seven Steve McQueen six Brad Pitt five Anthony Hopkins for I think they're thinking about Hannibal Lecter
Aren't they Mr. Lecter Mr. Lecter? No, she was in a movie that I liked I forget what that was oh
I can't talk to that the other day. I can't go to what it was huh?
Cody yeah, she was in a movie where she was a good actress. I can't believe that because already I hate her
I really don't hate her because she was in taxi driver. She was good man
I just hate the role she played in Dr. Lecter Dr. Sounds the light wrong all wrong for it. Nice. Yeah, just don't like that
Whole phony through teens you put on there. Hey, Dr. Hector. Just just I think crap for say that
Well, I'm sorry, but I thought she was horrible in that mean was here. Well, there you go
Jodie's foster she reminded me of a Harley from guiding light
Well, I like Harley, but nevertheless. She just even a movie actress Brad Pitt five
Uh, Anthony Hopkins for Billie Jean King's got three Ricardo Montalbond three Catherine Harris got a pair boy
What a guy Steve Reeves has one see I told you Tom Brady's got one and I'm sure dying to take a peek
They learned hard Charlton Histon Raymond purve all got the big
That's a problem. We got to how can Charlton Histon not have any? I don't know
Just because it's just because they saw it boiling for column by with those spandex pan
Macho guys don't wear blue spandex pants and walk away like a coward from Michael from a fat old guy like Michael Moore
There was Michael wadding around chasing him. Mr. Histon. Mr. Histon Chuck
You know, he's like wadding away like oh, don't bother me with this. So you've got no answers. You set me up and I'm a crazy person
You know, I uh, it's my gun. I love my peace. I mean he made such a monkey out of him was just pathetic
Wasn't it was great wasn't pathetic was great. I loved it. Of course didn't take a lot of you know a lot of talent
He set off real good. Spear how he really did though when he showed him his NRA card
Mm-hmm. I'm a lifelong member of the NRA and oh good boy. He had it in my hand good boy
And I thought they were gonna do something. Oh speaking I'm gonna do something
Tell us about a family whose reality? There's a Mrs. Limbaugh. Oh god. They thought of him rolling around even anywhere near her
Is just oh talk about puke inducing good god. Can you even begin to imagine? I uh
Yeah, and I'm saying this right near lunchtime. This is the rush limbaugh died. Okay. Just think about that
You don't want to use your own month
Hey, let me tell you beach for it is gone mad because it's madness in March all this month of beach for it
Actually, we wanted to say March madness, but it's copyright so it's a madness in March
They just miss breaking their all-time record in February so they are breaking it this month come help our high water
And by giving you fantastic deals to it for example
Right now extended camp for it f-150 is as low as 249 a month with
95 bucks down plus fees of the procreta 39 monthlies
Magnus and March at beach ford means you must be mad you got to be crazy
Not to take advantage of deals like these rebates and discounts of up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles
Now if you aren't in the market yourself for new carbonose somebody who is send them into beach ford because if your friend or your
Associate or some strange run a street corner tastes delivery in March and you send them in beach ford will send you
200 bucks and then money comes from beach ford's advertising budget
So they sure is how I'm going to tack it on to your friend's price
Don't miss out of this once-year event its beach ford's madness in March
Extended camp ford f-150 is as low as just 249 a month
This counts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks just for referring a friend in cash
So hurry your ass in beach ford is two miles east of the golden glades on 163rd street west of see highway
It's a no-brainer man's guaranteed you will love your beach ford experience
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Drudge packin
Absolutely
Bracum
Man I could sleep forever
I know my audience knows
When I put words and melodies together I hear so sing and I like the
So
I like the
So
I hear me
And I say
I like the
So
I say
My
In fact I sleep through every concert of
I
And I like the
So
I like the
So
Oh how about s'mores I don't like s'mores but how about that's because of a very manlo
Well what what kind of incarnation you're talking about s'mores that's the thing you make no no
No, there's a candy bar host s'mores there is yesterday. We don't know s'mores man
You're supposed to be the young hip-hop hot shot and heard about that
Not about candy bars. Well, what else is there for crying out loud between sex and drugs? What else is there are candy bars right in a rock and roll? Let's see s'mores
Robbiter oh there's even a peanut butter s'mores
Candy bar
So you're right when you rule something you got to put on a little more specific and I'm sorry everything ask the question
Yeah, no, I'm not asking her with that. That's on jeopardy s'mores candy. Where here we go? Hershey s'mores candy bars
You thought I just made it up. They suck by the way. Don't go get any in fact
Here's a big no they're all of the play out of you. I just they're very very bad. They're awful as I was
Something to make over campfires. Yeah, I understand but they have a s'mores Hershey's new. It's new. It's new on it s'mores
You know, new to Jewish candy bar s'mores
That Josh was talking about and we all had a hundred years ago
There was a Hershey's dark and then regular Hershey's chocolate and
Crackle were the three little minis you know, remember? Yeah, and Mr. Good bar. Yeah, right? Oh, Mr. Good bar
It was like four like I heard she's all men's
No, yeah, I'm not not back when I was a kid. Okay, I'm a year ago. They added them later
Well, see that's why I should have been born later on well
They have them now like that they only have three they have the Hershey's chocolate the crackle and the mr. Good bar now for not the Hershey's dark
No, not the Hershey's dark. It's not the racial thing. I mean the bag you get I've gotten bagged with Hershey's dark
So oh, yeah, I love dark chocolate dark chocolate. It's good for you. It's got like a stuff in it flavonoids. It's got yeah M&M
I'm an in it
Can we can I honestly can we play that still? I think we can and we can play so few bits really time for your animal
On cheese mom another
Animal kids just hate getting animals and mom's a giving them but now there's a brand new
Animate that kids just love introducing you in an animals that can't be go to chocolate animal that makes it
And cleaned out fun hey mom can I have another animal? I don't know Billy that makes your third animal today
Please well, okay cool and this time I want a green one. Oh, sorry son. I took all the green ones. I'm dad my two boys
New and an animus melts in your butt not in your head
I'm actually most of the old W snooze was just didn't realize that Alice ran
Tell you to take a poisoned very animal before every show it was incredible with a long purple
Chew
Well, this is purple that is planned to purple haze in the studio anyway
Dog Thompson who just this guy's so good at scary no we know so we use you know
He's a posture up on top of a mountain somewhere where the big burly beard he's fabulous
This and because he's been around and he tells him and that's just not just the opinions everybody's got opinions
They're like noses and asses, you know, I've always got one
But he's got some insight because he's been around is deception the best way to serve one's country is the calm today
By dog Thompson the handwritten note lay in the bottom drawer of my old roll top desk when I bought for 50 bucks in a junk store in Richmond for
Junior 39 years ago he says dear dog and amy had read thanks for dinner and for listening the signature was a bold
John and the letter head on the note simply said John B. Connolly that was dated July 14th 1982
I met John Connolly on a t.w. Way flight from Kansas City to Albert Curkey earlier that year the former Texas governor
The man who took one of the bullets from the assassination that killed president Kennedy was headed to Santa Fe
To buy a house where they say here post the meeting wasn't an accident the flight originated in Washington
I sat in the front row the coach cabin during a stop in Kansas City
I saw Connolly get on the plane and sit on to a first class seat
So I walked off the plane upgraded to a first class seat right ahead the governor
And I really wanted to meet the man who was with Kennedy on that day in Dallas in 63
But his communications director for the re-alerting campaign of congressman manual luhan of New Mexico
I thought he might be wanting to help out what was a tough campaign when the plane was in the air
I introduced myself said I was working on luhan's campaign Connolly's facelot up and he invited me to move to the empty seat next to him
How was manual is there anything I can do to help he said?
By the time we landed in the Alpaca, Albuquerque, Connolly had agreed to do a fundraiser for luhan
A month later he flew back into New Mexico where Amy and I picked him up for the fundraiser afterwards we took him to dinner
Connolly was both gracious and charming and told us many stories about Texas politics
As the evening were on and the multiple berberd and branch waters took the effect
He started talking about November 22nd 1963 in Dallas
You know I was one of the ones who advised Kennedy to stay away from Texas Connolly said
Lyndon Johnson was being a real a-hole about the whole thing and insisted
Aha Connolly's mood darkened as he talked about Dallas when the bullet hit him
He said he felt like he'd been kicked in the ribs and couldn't breathe
He spoke kindly of Jackie Kennedy and said he admired both her bravery and composure
I had to ask did he think Lee Harvey Oswald fired the gun to kill Kennedy?
Absolutely not Connolly said I don't for one second believe the conclusions of the Warren commission
So why not speak out because I love this country
We need to closure at the time. He said I will never speak out publicly about what I believe
We took him back to catch a late flight to Texas
He shook my hand kissed me on the cheek and walked up the ramp to the plane
We saw Connolly and his wife a couple more times when they came to New Mexico
But he sold his house a few years later as part of a bankruptcy settlement
He died in 93 and I believe never spoke publicly about how he doubted the findings of the Warren commission
Connolly's notes serves as yet another reminder in our democratic Republican or whatever it's left of it
Few things are seldom as they seem
Mike him I never like him
I never accepted the findings of the Warren commission that too many illogical conclusions
John Kennedy's death in the bad sense surrounded to this day marked the beginning of the end of America's idealism
The cynicism grew with the lies of Vietnam and the senseless deaths of too many thousands of young Americans and war that never should have been fought
Thought doubts about the integrity of those we elect as our leaders faster today
Is this country finds itself in brood and another senseless war based on too many lies
John Connolly felt he served this country best by concealing his dance about the Warren commission's whitewash
But his silence may have contributed to the growing perception that a relative leaders can rewrite history to fit their political agendas
Or is that agenda had county spoken out as a high-ranking political figure with doubts about the official version of what happened
It might have sent a signal that Americans deserve the truth from their government even when that truth hurts
Pretty interesting stuff, huh?
As it is well not for the punk, though
Who's John Connolly and who is John Kennedy? What's that?
And was Lee Harvey Oswald
He was just another crazed lone gunman like sir hand sir hand 747 I flown on me those that's how many votes we got 747
I think Josh is right. We got an outside shot if we really put the pedal to the metal baby
747 votes in Charlton has to know and have one and even his daylearn hard
I guess I guess Joe is too embarrassed to vote on there. Maybe can't afford a computer working for XM
Tom Brady's got one oh anybody ever see it
56705 60 pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line nothing without inventory man
Just wants to send me right to the bull. What what are they thinking about are they adapting to Bruins?
New England philosophy now going where we're on the cheap the hairy sitting in Jeremy Jacob's mentality
Everything on the cheap is that what it is Josh? Well, they don't want to pay him man
I want to make that a minute here. He is the hero. I mean Brady's great
You know, but it's a minute here is the one kick all in fuel rules one of those games. Yes. He is and I'm glad he's gone
The less of a chance for you guys to win. We don't even plan the same conference with Tampa Bay. Okay. Yeah, you're out of your heart
As main you are so jealous. You know, old you are so jealous
Old you only wish you woke up tomorrow and you were found yourself to be Tom Brady. You only wish of course who doesn't?
I don't George doesn't George. I want to be no Tom Brady. Well, maybe he would what are just for the money
It's no big help next to that. No, I forget about the money. How about that blonde with one?
Right. Don't any what he wants. WQA. I am hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't hear Lee Marvin was the on that phone
Lee Marvin should be on there man. He was a hard-nosed guy. Good. He was also Clint Eastwood was killed by Melody Thomas from the young and the restless in one movie
He poisoned him the young in a horny. Yes now which one is she who is she?
She's the blonde on the young and the restless. She was like really young when she started. She's like well
Well, which blonde? She played like a victor's wife because I think right because well. What is her name on that show? Oh, she's a Vicki
I mean it is all Vicki Vicki. I can't take it
Okay, thanks. Wait, wait, wait
Marathon bar is good. Let's see. It's on there and oh you have there. Yeah
I'm he's wrong about the age of barber eating. She was younger when the show started. Have him look it up
I will hold you think she was I think she was 26 to 27. We're gonna Google it right now. Thank you. Thanks, pal
Okay, there's now there's a way to go to IMDb. I don't have to remember. I'm busy doing a show what?
Go on IMDb and do um, a part of those things that keep talking about it interview. She was like 30 was in me. Listen to me
I mean I'm aware about that because it'll show you her age now and then I'll show you when she was on a show
So we'll just do the math do the math as they say. I hate people say do the math, you know
Oh god. What a stupid expression do the math do the math my ass
So what does it say barber eating you got there yet? You're so slow. Oh, I could already had all the info. Well there goes your computer is slow
It took me to the movie. What it took me to the movie?
15 to the apparently the movie now I don't care about no movie. Oh, why?
I'm getting ahead. I'm getting a late start. You're like a minute ahead of me and I'm just starting right now
I'll get out of the punch. All right IMDb. What does that DB stand for? Do sh
Oh, do sh barber eating
Isn't that what it is Joyce? Okay, here we go barber eating seven faces of dr. Laou
She's more than 31. Okay, so that makes it 31 get out of here. She's ancient. Tell her she's 75 years old
Holy moly she's older than I am and that's really old holy cow
Okay, so 31 and where the hell is the TV show? Yeah, good luck. I hate that IMDb
You know, I used to like him a lot right up till this moment. Why is that? Oh, well wait a minute
No, no, no, is she in was that her in the seven faces of dr. Laou?
Oh, there's a different bar. I know, but I'm looking at the one that has a picture of her on there so oh
Oh, that's her there she is. Okay. Well, that's that page will tell you when a show is on
Nothing could be finer than a doer in Carolina is what it says
Keep scrolling down. Huh all the way down at the bottom holy cow. She sure it had a lot of work
I'll say that she came in tonight back from eternity west point highway
I love loosely she was on I love loosely several episodes the millionaire with the Jay
Bears for tip them whatever his name was you never saw that show Larry King, uh
biography
Yeah, well, you know what to now that's a Google I dream the genie there there you go now your kitchen
So all of these are what even have their making is very difficult
65 so I mean she was 34 so the color of crap
What you said she's about
About 31 I knew she was over 30. She was she was 34 so let's
That's something that she was like maybe it wasn't her birthday at 33 you make it even closer
Make it seem like you really had your thumb right on it
Uh-huh, and then you took her thumb off the bottle and genie popped up just like that. Ooh
Larry Hagman butter. He's been dying for a long time
I think when it comes to celebrity deaths. He's definitely doing it. My yeah, all all the tabloids all that's all you read about Larry
Hagman. He's got a new liver right in the system for totally moly
We advise him by the case. He even got like some Canadian bacon on the liver. I can't believe it
They still alive. Larry Hagman. Mary Martin's son by the way a little trivia for that everybody knows
Who the hell's Mary Martin? She was Peter Pan that's who she was
She's pretty much when you come right down to it. What kind of a woman can tell you a name like Peter Pan
Even though he did float a little bit but nevertheless, huh? We don't put Mary Martin on that would be bad
But she was in that bank car crash. No. How can you tell the difference?
765 votes on there if we can get up to 800 and four minutes
We definitely got a shot. Josh is like working on this fever. He's calling everybody in the phone book
Look at the people that don't have a vote. Who is the most macho? Lee Marvin, Dale Earnhardt, Chuck Heston, and Raymond Burr. I guarantee it
Those four guys if they come knock it on your door, man. It'll be a real miracle
This is Neil Roger
All but one day the middle one will fucking like a 12-year-old
This is Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-A-M
All you guys lie you
You you you you you you you you you all you guys lie
But this this whole thing is forced now to turn into a business service so you're
My phone
Me both of it. She let me both of it. She let me both of it. She's gonna boom you're gonna boom
Me
You want to be to jump off the bridge? I'm probably jump
I'm 40 years old
Not 20
You're good ball player you proved it. You know you've done this you've done that we're all supporting me. I've never heard that before
It's it's all you guys lie it's it's you you you you it's all you guys lie it's the new kid my son in this system. Hello
I
I
I
Hello all you guys lie
You you you you all you guys lie
I
The bridge and
There he goes. He's on the way down. That's actually zero. I'll bury very rhymes with you fair anyway
With those chipmunk cheeks. Look at that. They learn hard finally got a pair and Lee Marvin got a pair
Thank God for that and Tom Brady's got a pair. You know who else?
Ray what he has a pair well. They're about that. Never got to see him though. Tom Brady's got a pair of Steve Reeves one
Charlton has their Raymond Burraniac and with none they will not give Raymond a vote if they didn't know that Raymond Burr was
Yeah, they all would be voting for him. You know a great macho guy. How about how old is burger old meathead
To much smoke him baby who else does done because they were smoking an opus storm somebody else just recently died
I don't know a lot of people
Like that quit smoking them faggot some tell you right now, man. They'll put your ass in the ground
Jeb Bush plan shows disdain for education says and Garvey the medicine Wisconsin capital times
Jeb Bush your fat ass governor what I tell you this is part of the neo-contain
I've been trying for years to destroy public education. They're working feverishly on it
Not to mention of course that second referendum on limiting class size which we'll get to see I still got my agenda here man
I got my pile. Okay. Mm-hmm. I'm mixing in that today. All right long with candy bars
Oh Henry, boy. I haven't had no Henry in a long long not that I want one
And you'll be interested. No, I'm sure you already do
Breyer's does make it oh Henry ice cream and it sucks too. Oh bet. I have tried them all the smarties ice cream
Yeah, I'm an M ice cream and the stickers ice cream and the Milky Way ice cream in Amara's ice cream and the
To in all of their cases just another sneaky way to try to sell you to vanilla ice cream however
Turtle that nasty that's the interesting part and Nestle's turtle is good. That says Nestle makes it right
Nestle doesn't make too many crappy ice creams or too many bad products. Nestle is good. Fact Nestle makes smarties
But Hershey's man Hershey's I ever been to Hershey PA. No. Well why would anybody go there just to get some free candy
It's pretty stupid. You know I understand if candy was expensive. I got to understand why people go to the Heineken factory in Amsterdam
Does to give their free samples, you know in fact my last department the unsanitary one in Amsterdam
Where we had the studio that didn't work thanks to Bob removed
That was like just a few blocks from the Heineken plant. Aren't you excited about that? I know
So there's a reason for you guys to go there to see the Heineken
In fact, Freddy Heineken built the Europa hotel there in Amsterdam
Right by the VD store
Room thriceman that's the second biggest department store in the city next to a divine corp
Well, I sure know my Amsterdam crap, you know it's too bad
Too bad. I think I'm just gonna hang it all up retire and just go there right now
Tell her I was aggravation man. See I just I need a lobotomy is what I need anybody get a group discount
We can all use a good lobotomy. Well, I got a good about what's going on
And this new
Em joe thousand bottles around it. You know patent everybody in the back
See that that's what the Brutus did too, you know a patent sees you run it back to him
It's the other handy at a knife. That's the problem that into the front right what is this great idea?
Jeb Bush voucher pushing governor of Florida public schools be damned in future geo penalties for presidents says
He's sorry didn't think of bucket your seatbelts
A bill passed the Florida House with a push from a bush a push from bush that would force high school kids to declare their major field of study
Now keep in mind that jeb doesn't really like public schools too many poor folks mixing with rich kids
You know which have friends who wants to reduce the dropout rate with this cockamamey scheme majors would include English and math or here's the real deal
Vocational fields like carpentry and auto repair according to press reports
Isn't this exciting why not sports as a major after all Florida state already provides scholarships for that growing field without requiring a working knowledge of English
Perhaps the high schools could have their own car wash and auto repair shops to raise money for other less relevant underfunded programs such as
Biology physics and literature other ideas for courses come to mind like surviving while in prison or how about a major in creationism
Here's the best part
Jeb would oversee districts with poorly performing schools and pay teachers bonuses based on factors like top performance
How many minority or poor students they're school ahead can't you hear jeb grilling teachers?
Why how come so many kids and regular courses where they fail come on how about pushing car repair?
You do want a bonus notion. Thank you jeb Bush. Thank you no child left behind. Thank you whoever you are
What a great idea possible when asked if our country's thrown on the towel on future generations
I think we have a maybe I'm just not smart enough to figure out why it's a good thing for schools to focus on reading and math
Only in effort is New York Times reported to meet the loopy no child left behind law
This is written I already told you at Garvey Capital Times in Madison, Wisconsin
While Bush apologists argue that NCL be no child left behind raises performance levels of poor schools
Experts wonder if I reduce in the academic menu to meet in potatoes schools risk giving board teams message that school means repetition and drilling time says
And board students don't learn they drop out on the way to the criminal justice system
Have these folks lost their minds and fatically know they haven't the goal of the neo cons is to destroy public education
To build the build the man for vouchers and overall privatization of our primary and secondary schools in our universities
Why waste money educating poor performers this money could be used to train kids for real jobs in the new world economy
Listen to the neo cons read what they're saying. They don't like government and they're helping on destroying it
Follow the bush logic
Reduce funding for schools reduce the number of teachers spend less on special education and gifted and talented programs
Teach to the math and English tests drop the arts and more and more parents will be begging for vouchers
So the kids can attend the gravely foundation school of education and creationism as for the poor kids
Well, the Bible says the poor will always be with us that they can learn how to wash cars do lay ups instead of the Bible
Hey, we didn't make them poor. They had a choice
So don't hold back my kid because the poor made lawsy choices, please
Well now we in Wisconsin can relax because we have the best public schools in the country
Okay, Iowa, Minnesota aren't bad either, but we certainly put Florida South Carolina and Louisiana to shame
Don't wait my question is for how long the same neo con foundations pushing jibbushes not the idea work the Wisconsin
Legislature to greatly expand vouchers in Milwaukee while burdening the public schools the same forces have reduced spending on our university system
While spending like drunken sailors on prisons the same forces keep revenue caps in place
Reducing equality of our public schools while they condemn teachers because the teachers have healthier and pensions
The barbarians are at the gate, but they're very well dressed
We'd better awaken before the distraub public education by privatizing our system while offering only vocational training to the non-wealthy in our state
Good article and right on the heels of that
You know the governor that's a fat ass governor that had devious plans the first time right well if and if it first you don't succeed
Suspects here wonka bar. Yeah, well, yeah, well, you had a man you had a man of wonka bar. I've seen him
I've had them. I'm telling you there's some other athlete beside the Reggie bar
There was somebody else had a candy bar and I can't think who it is
And it's gonna be very embarrassing when we get all done. You know like the Danny Merino bar or something like that
Yeah, maybe it was the Dennis Rodman bar all nuts
Wonka bar shall put that on there. I never heard of it. Yeah, it's it's a thing
Okay, why sure got a list for tomorrow, man? Wait till Eric sees this. He's gonna plots can probably go on to the year 7 linux
Governor fat ass governor is a jet bush push to what his bushes push to water down the state's class size caps
Nearly past its first major hurdle in the Republican control center yesterday
The measures survived in a party line vote
But even while she voted for it Senate education chair Evelyn Lynn voice quams and they're growing questions
Whether the 40 member Senate commuter the 24 votes needed to put the proposed constitutional amendment on the November ballot
I've had great concern over what the voters really want
But I think it's important that we fully vet this issue is very important to our states headlin
Republican of ormon beach we already had a vote on this and they got to sit to you
Where's very so Tommy said with over mommy support from South Florida state voters in 2002 approved an amendment
That said a limit of 18 students in grades pre K through three 22 students in grades four through eight and 25 students in high school
The strict caps are supposed to be met by 2010 and recent state polls indicate the voters don't want them repeal or weakened
But your fat ass governor and legislatures Republican leadership are pushing to soften the caps
They have devious plans saying Florida can't afford to build a classroom needed to meet that mandate
They have proposed increasing the cap by five students and allowing school districts to comply through co-teaching or sign
Signed two teachers to one class meaning a high school class that has many as 60 students if two teachers are assigned to it
That's wait 60 to sweeten the pot for voters before they smoke it a
Proversions been added mandate that all school districts spend only 65% of their budget in the classroom
Although no one is defined exactly what a classroom expense is or what that'll mean to the individual school districts
These politicians just can't seem to understand Floridians want smaller class sizes
Not propaganda and parlor twisted Damian filer a spokesman for defend Florida's class size amendment a coalition and a closed state teacher union
And the Florida AFL CIO
While the Florida School Board's Association supports they propose amendment the brown and brown Beach County School boards are opposed
The voters approved class size the board supports the voters so funded said learned pick up Crawford lobbyist for Palm Beach County schools
Is that like Cindy Crawford pick up Crawford how about Keith Crawford
For what was the what was the kid on that awful showed Johnny Crawford on that country west? What was that show?
Sorry some cowboy show Johnny Crawford he ended the school board opposed to the 65% solution because of places restrictions
Unconstitutionally elected officers and it's smoking mirrors a Florida speciality smoking just like that bullet train
Here comes George's slack lobbyist for Broward school said the county would like to see the class size amendment modified if the legislature doesn't fund it
Seize the 65% version as a violation of homeroom to muster the required three fifths super majority vote of each has to get the amendment on the fall ballot
The proposal is being championed each
Chamber by the incoming leadership senate president designate can prove it Republican apport saying loosely and the anxious house speaker
Designate Marco Rubio Republican of Miami both whom take their new offices in November
Marco Rubio my ass. This maintains the spirit and integrity of class size
It doesn't undermine the run do it said pro it who said a district extends into Palm Beach County
Even should this pass we still would have the most printed class size law in the land and it goes on
But it'd be but it would put about it boils down to where there's a wilderness away
It's as simple as that since senator Ron Klein democrat a vocal a member of the Senate education committee to improve the measure in a five to three
Both Tuesday morning the people of Florida said they wanted smaller class sizes
It's up to the legislature to fund it and for local school board to get it done get it done
Okay, you jackass and one of the best ways to get that done is make sure that the paramutrials don't raise as much money as they could with those slots
Because that's what the fat ass governor legislator want. Let's do everything in our power to make sure it fails
So we can say see told you oh my god. It's just you know. It's a catch 22
What a horrible horrible state, you know, it's just really sad some nice palm trees the ocean on occasion
When it's not filled all kind of schmutz don't look too bad, you know
Got some nice beaches and not so much down here, but like in other parts of the state like like you said that nice
Beech in Panama city before I'm them born again Christians came in where like doing their thing on the beach
This is a needle rod and condoms in the water is 5.62
You do not belong in here you damn crack here. Go look at crack, please
Okay
I'm gonna stay my life loving you
If I
Don't know
Read a good book
And when it's time to head out
I want to go with a living
Don't
I want to
You're fairies.
I don't care who you are, you're fairies.
I want to sing my life loving you.
You're right and you're a part of the great good of two.
And when it's time, the head's not been ready.
You're all gonna go where the living goes.
I want to die.
You're fairies.
I want to sing my life loving you.
I want to sing my life loving you.
I want to sing my life loving you.
What's going back to our set of Florida's where we go while we're ready to die?
I'm dying out of the heat.
And what's going on?
That's so moving.
Correct.
From 18 I found a really nifty website.
I bet you haven't seen this one yet.
Probably gonna candy bars.
It's smm.org slash bunch of stuff.
And they got cross sections of all these different candy bars.
And then you got to guess, you click on them and they'll tell you.
But you got to guess what they are.
I'm saying.
Okay.
That's cute.
And now what was the one you were seeing Mars bar?
Okay.
You claimed that had coconut?
I didn't claim.
I thought.
No.
I'm looking at a cross section of a Mars bar right now.
And Mars has got like marshmallow fluff and nuts.
And that's it.
That's it.
I mean, I don't claim this.
No, the ones with coconut.
I'm looking at it right now.
Candy bar.
A loaded with coconut is I'm enjoying mounds.
Okay.
Then those kinds of candy bars.
I could use my mounds with my Mars.
No, I see.
Well, some of them are out of this one.
What about a candy bar expert?
Well, here's what I got so far.
Well, I sure have expanded this list.
I got for the Mars pool.
What's your all time favorite candy?
And of course, I should probably say candy bar.
But, you know, that's how it would be.
Well, no.
And you got M&M's and stuff on there.
What?
That's not a candy bar.
No, it's candy.
And so it's like a cracker jack.
And fiddle cruddle.
And fiddle faddle.
But there's another one beside those which, uh, oh, what is it called?
Very much the same stuff like crunch and munch.
It'll come to me.
Watch it, McCullough, which I'm very proud I spelled it right.
Mars bar, Snickers, Clark bar, Mounds, Almond joy, Smores.
Which you didn't even know was a candy bar.
Shame on you, but don't get it.
It sucks.
Okay.
M&M's cracker jack, Smarty's fiddle faddle, score crunch and munch, Heath bar.
Hershey bar.
And that's just the plain old pedestrian one.
Crunchy.
It's Canadian A.
A whole bunch of these are Canadian Kit Kat, Turtles.
Crispy crunch and other one.
Milky Way Dark.
We just played Milky Way.
Caramel, Caramel, O.
Never have a Caramel O.
I think so.
I think so.
Mouse good tears.
Mr. Good bar.
Charleston Choo.
Wankabar.
Marathon bar.
Zagnot bar.
Butterfinger, Payday.
Reese's.
Bit of honey.
M&M peanut.
I wonder if that's Robert Reeser.
Hershey with Toffee and Amons.
Oh man, that's good stuff.
Nestleys.
Crackle.
Baby Ruth.
Oh Henry.
Rollo.
Twix.
Arrow.
That's the one that's got all the bubbles in it, you know.
It's supposed to suck on it.
I see.
You ever saw this spot where Arrow?
No.
I think they have one that's mint, I believe.
What's it?
What's the shape like?
It's a sucker or candy bar.
I see.
But you're supposed to bite into it and like it's got like bubbles, like it's like pumice,
like coral.
You know what I'm saying?
The interior of it.
Okay.
If you look at the cross section, I'm looking at it right now and see.
I didn't use suck it.
You're supposed to let it melt in your mouth and all the bubbles like burst in your mouth.
But it doesn't really work.
I don't know how that works.
No.
Sucks.
Bad candy.
Mr. Big, coffee, Chris, another Canadian or candy.
Varanon and 100 grand.
Was that a pretty impressive list or what?
We didn't put milk on there for John Jarris for obvious reasons.
Thanks for that candy bar again, John.
Not.
Not as a Nazi.
God, that was such an active lunacy man.
I said here my sugar kept taking my blood sugar.
Remember when it plugged in?
45 at the end of the show.
I mean, if you're going to send me something to cheat with something good, not a crappy,
plain old milk bar.
Oh, fat.
Man, even in the Bavarian Elps, they would throw that with true crap at you if you give them that.
God, go to Europe and ask the best you can come up with as a milk bar.
That's pretty sad, John Jarris.
Pretty weak.
Of course, then Nazis, you know, they like to hang out together.
They can out too much.
A life-size sculpture of an naked Britney Spears needing an oberskin rug.
As she gives birth, we'll be on display next month in Brooklyn's Kaplow Casting Fine Art Gallery.
See, this might re-cantle your interest in Britney a little bit.
No.
Really?
I saw the statue as some recent pictures.
Oh.
The sculpture is to appear next to a display case filled with anti-abortion materials,
was created by Daniel Edwards, who said he never spoke to the 24-year-old pop star or met her,
and fashioned her face and figure from photos.
I admire her.
This is an idealized figure Edward said to them a phone interview from his home,
which is near his studio in Musa, Connecticut.
Musa.
Everyone is coming at me with Anger and Venom, or is that Venom?
But I depicted her as she is depicted herself seductively.
Suddenly, she's a mom.
Your mom.
Spirits was married to a former backup dancer, the anxious and grotesque Kevin Feederline,
gave birth to their son Sean Preston last year.
He's the couple's first child.
I wonder if he's kin to Billy Preston.
Or is it a name of that song, Billy Preston, and something about the dance in the...
What was that?
Oh, God.
Am I going to have to look that up?
Oh, I got it all right here.
Billy Preston.
You keep me dancing.
No, something from nothing.
Nothing from nothing.
That's it.
Billy Preston, very good.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Nothing from nothing from nothing.
He also had...
Yeah, what is that called?
Will it go right to circle?
Will it go right to circle?
That's what I was thinking about.
Will it go right to dance in the circle?
Will it go right to circle?
Will it go right to circle?
The singer's publicist is that's a British spirit.
Leslie Sloan-Zell, they didn't immediately respond to requests for comment from the A&P.
When some blogger has heard about the exhibit, monument to pro-life, the birth of Sean Preston.
The gallery said it received about 3,000 emails from around the world in just a week.
Split between anti-abortion and abortion rights opinions.
We also got calls from Tokyo, England, France.
Some people are upset that Brittany is being used for the subject matter, so gallery owner David Kesting.
Here she is.
He's a flash in her ass all over the place, and she's being used for a bunch of so-called right-to-life propaganda by the fetus huggers.
Others who are pro-life thought this was degrading to their movement, and some pro-choice people are upset that this was a pro-life monument.
Pro-life-my ass.
All these masses up there, screaming about immigration.
How come Lou Dobbs is not in the castigating the Pope every night on CNN, huh?
All these unwanted babies, all these people procreating and reproducing like rabbits and cockroaches.
That's a big, big part of the problem in Latin America, baby.
And I do mean baby.
Man, oh man.
All they unwashed and unwanted masses.
Because they want to please the Pope, you know?
It's your fault, it's your people, man. It's your religion.
Right.
Your religion and your people, all those Indians from Mexico.
Right.
Even in the Indians, by the way.
I don't want to get into it.
Then we'll get a memo from the New Sales Manager.
And whatever you do, don't ever again say that.
I don't understand how that could piss anybody off, can you?
Of course, that was the previous.
That was Raymond, Curtis Raymond Burr.
He had an excuse for everything, you know?
Kind of like the present group we got.
And by the way, fat boy, don't ever email me again.
If you're, unless you croak, if you're croak, then send me and you're dying gasping moment.
Send me an email, say, and just say.
I'll be like a sitting ovation.
I just mentioned that again to him during that last break.
How psychic are you?
Really?
What did he say?
I went into the magic room and that.
I don't want emails from him, especially about Scott
for a lot of other stuff that has got nothing to do with business.
Okay? If you want to send me something about a new account,
you sold which it'll never go away.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I just told him not to email you ever again, period, to lose it.
Good. And what did he say?
He said, all right, Belly.
Yeah, screw him.
What an idiot.
The fact that he's still there.
Hi, yes, Belly.
Tells me that they got a lot of work to do back in clean and ancient times.
They got a lot of work to do back in the day.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Poor you, I still got it.
Huh?
I still got it.
But you'll wish a head, me back.
Well, not have your life.
No catch.
You'll have a semi-diamond, smelly dumb again.
See?
Yeah, well.
Oh, speaking of Mom user.
From 32, 28 to one we got.
What do we got today?
We got kirtist.
Unfortunately Eric Reed who talks to his teachers like Davis Strader
who does the Panther Games on TV.
They both talk to their teens, like an affector.
He will be out with the kirtist at 330, half an hour.
He can handle it.
a mad dog at four who has to follow where it's read and then the panther preview at 75
might fall by the panther set the penguins from the igloo the civic arena the ancient building
there in Pittsburgh where the whole place is falling apart and lights keep going out
and that's another must win they just they ain't got to win almost every game I know that
sounds ridiculous but a man in your position can't afford to look ridiculous so it's a big
game for your panthers any interest and then just the act of the game he'll probably be
hot and hockey and so I have no audience five year old expelled from bringing gun to class
so I told him about that this morning right you didn't seem to be all that you were
well it was only a 22 yeah that's right a kindergarten student and for Chris Washington
he was expelled for 10 days after he brought a 22 caliber gun to school official set
it's kindergarten for Chris right the five-year-old boy climbed from a chair
on to a washer dryer and got an unloaded pistol out of a cupboard at home
police said he showed a friend had gone on the what-your-alimentary school playground
then put it back into a friend's backpack police chief John she's been said the boy never
made any threat until the principal what he had done Monday was expelled immediately said patty
home-grin it spoke to him for the Tacoma school system police confiscated the piece school officials
were investigating classmates have been reminded not to bring guns into school and let around the
instance been sent to parents of what are your students home-grin said the boys parents trying to
keep the gun out of his reach and didn't stir ammunition with it so no criminal charges are
likely to pull these teeth said the boy now realizes he shouldn't brought the pistol to school
she's been said he just should have stopped that little girl nice door there was an understanding
that he shouldn't have done it that way there was wrong wasn't that good yeah little kids learn
and don't take the gun to school don't take your what's that song don't take your uh something to
town what was that song country song can you go in the uh ruby don't take your love you don't take
your aircraft to town right speak out of that oh what a segue speak in a craft somebody one of your
least favorite people let me give you a little bit of a clue remember I talked about the seals
did you paint it up you lips and roll and curl your tinnit hey I ever tell you about the time that
Kenny Rogers was sitting across from me at the table there at Campano Park in the dining room
eating his dinner watching the race yes tell me I'll put his other hand up there one time the
former manager of your Florida marlins at that same table right there across and then on the other
side there was PD Rose that other time with a flusy with a big stack of $100 bills that
disappeared like somebody did it like Crescan was there doing a vanishing act ruby yeah I came
right there's a nice quiet guy who wasn't bothered nobody asked me for him I was very uh very nice
king Roger said that and the first edition well that was the original that was that song and also
uh don't tell me the first one that was uh was that it no there was another one they had
but uh was something your condition your condition is in right and you picked a fine time to
leave me loose seal right but what was the other one the just what was the name of that looking
something about I mean I can look it up if I have to Kenny Rogers the first edition it was on
reprise records out on orange label well you'd think they had alphabetized oh come on how many could
there be for calm then all right are they here oh is it me burning what is it now no no let's be
this here is getting heavier maybe it's gaining weight either that I'm getting to be old and and
fee brow can he there's Rome here's the role there's Tommy Row hey Tommy Row and Sheila um
Susie darlin oh I have there he that was Luke that was his name look riches and Luke
helping who did so Sheila I mean Susie darlin just dropped in to see what condition my condition
was in that was the top 10 hit man it was number five sixty eight what is that that you're right
oh Ruben James that's a good song by them yeah Kenny Rogers in the first edition Ruben James
you don't have that that's a good record man now this is top 40 that must have been like
uh country or something well didn't know I was 26 in 1969 I could go to the car and get my
Kenny Rogers greatest hits but that's if Kenny Rogers in the first edition right now I got all
that to that before they brought his name out there was just the first edition and just dropped
in to see what condition my condition was in was number five in 1968 I played that on the
radio as a district all year and look I have the CD right here of what Kenny Rogers greatest
hits all of them all the way to the beginning of time how about Lucille I was a Kenny Rogers solo
and she believes in me and you decorated my life and don't fall on over the dreamer Kenny
Rogers with Ken Karns and what are we doing in love Donnie West with Kenny Rogers and we've got
tonight with Kenny Rogers and Sheena Easton and Ireland's industry with Kenny Rogers and her big
blues and what about me with Kenny Rogers Kim Karns and James Eram when they weren't busy doing
at the we are the world what are you doing here Thursday's breakfast wrap in all right
all right 1968 eight your hard hours Ron St John
Bob Hamilton you loser thank God we got Ricky Tiki over that's good song and you mentioned it
and I grew up in Virginia yeah hold it yeah I'm in the middle of the time canobies impressed
okay that's enough enough Kenny Rogers he's all right
well you mentioned it yeah what's gonna happen now you mentioned a song you're gonna have
still get killed some good times yeah I love that country music killed some bad times too yeah
what are my favorite joking songs yeah you say this is all probably West y'all I'm good
religions man to go to church and I always said there's a church I'm on corner in a bar right
across that's right we get taken sing the loud thanks a lot let's get out here's your president
some chicks it looks like he's cop in the cheap fielder if you ask me she knows that
see that no I'm marching until he was a little squeeze there watching some flesh on him
see that no anyway speak of that calling the seal hunt barbaric bombshell actress Pamela Anderson
oh there are no favorites she might come and ooze on them has asked for a meeting she might
disparate some of her diseases here has asked for a meeting with Prime Minister Steven Harper
following her hosting duties at Sunday's June awards and Halifax Nova Scotia as a proud Canadian
new frail I forgot that she would have tried to forget yeah so is most a canover deporter no
thanks as a proud Canadian who frequently travels abroad I'm alarmed that people are starting to see
Canada as a country more be holding a pack of greedy hunters and to these skills a seal skin
faction whims of a few countries then to the massive international outcry against the hunt Anderson
a vocal member of PETA said in the letter facts to Harper's orifice one of the biggest problems
facing the US government is appearing a luth about its own hostile or something rather there's
something lying missing here Anderson is from ladiesmith bc states she wants to visit Ottawa to meet
with Harper on Monday the seal hunt with stirred last week in his attractive plenty of celebrity
protesters this year including former Beale Paul McCartney and his wife Heather Mills speaking
of Donna Mills Brigid Bardot visited Ottawa earlier this month asking for a meeting with government
officials what was refused senior Morris he said he won't include can on any tours until the seal
hunt ends oh how can we survive without him next thing you know it'll be Ann Murray making those
comments remember him yes I do Harper's repeatedly defended the seal hunts saying the Canada's
the victim of a bit of international propaganda oh he's such a jackass man such a spacial okay let's
put Ann Murray on the pole they don't come too much for sure to Ann right about that wow and how
about Ann Bishop oh how do we forget oh Ann Bishop well got aside on a road but who's the most
macho I mean granted she's a six feet under but so most of these people a lot of them 8 54 see if
we get enough other dead macho people on there I need to admit it can I admit it that I like some
Ann Murray's music is that okay you can admit it I like some of my great song I don't mind this song
you know can stole it from Kenny logger but what are you gonna do yeah well just thinking
you name Ann Murray song like this one they bad they're all pretty good they make
I don't mind her singing I just mind her mustache yeah that's true how about how about that old bag
in New Orleans at Black Chip with a heavy beauty mustache remember that one after Katrina oh that
was a mustache boy then I work news could put that on her man she had like a full lip that was a
squirrel that got a lot of you can keep saying don't give me any more lip honey and oh brother that
was just crazy y'all to y'all to learn her your your quadro say to see if they a razor whatever
that thing is George went out there trying to be a young hipster doing it the new style
well it's all to be seven votes but we better hurry this thing up we better get over 900 by the top
of the out I don't want to push the audience too much but this is really important they to us this
is like a big ego trip if we don't get to a thousand by two o'clock people will be in Tom jico
probably write a big comment a front page of the Sun Sentinel he's failing he's falling he's slipping
yeah let's screw you time in a life of a show we don't care the show isn't for you anyway time
you're too freaking old you're an old poop 19 to 1 a q a m this is Neil Rogers this is 5 16 q a watch
solve
and culture is a party girl party girl party girl
and culture is a party girl party girl party girl
black
止
you
A moreless monster, a good girl who wants to be a media home,
prefers it on top with her.
You want more?
Only lady?
Is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about Slammering.
Nobody knows more about Slammering out
with a big scoop of mouth anyone to the left of Mangala.
Such a good Christian girl, you want to strangle her.
Fontyfigate who she's hating, political punditontific games
from on the plot and a Republican's Yankee home.
She's a better relish in more.
Making liberal the dirty one, you know?
In a mini-starcho and camel dough.
And notes are nose what they can be.
In a mini skirt that smells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
with a back alley hook.
If you like to draw a scholar, if you got the money,
she'll spread those legs with a cigarette and a shark in that.
And gold are in gold are political pundits
and the angel of the black heaven easy.
Lane, 1247 and 560.
Remember that's something about Bob Dylan, Lady Lady.
Anyway, here's the fact.
It is for my buddy Canon and Tropical.
He says that cracker jack slash crunching months alternative.
You're looking for his Poppycock and you are absolutely correct.
That's what I mean.
That's Poppycock.
No, that's right.
How could we forget?
Poppycock, especially with Rick reminding us all the time.
Right.
Thanks, Mr. Weaver.
That's Mr. Weaver the user.
He don't make mistakes.
Can't come to the top of the column.
Thanks a lot, Ken.
Good man.
Have exciting?
I feel better now as a matter of fact.
Well, no, because I see it in the shoppers in the drug
room.
I want a big drug chain here.
I think I've got Poppycock all the time.
I mentioned this to you once before, not that you need to hear this.
You can buy it in a can because you know how people dig through for the crunching nut clusters.
Yes.
You can buy just Poppycock nuts and it's great in the big can.
And that's what it's called.
I'm going to buy something today.
Really?
I'll bring it in.
Well, what kind of nuts are those?
I think they're...
Because Poppycock now comes listen to me.
It comes in like butter almond.
And it comes in like a couple of other kind of nuts.
A lot of say it's like walnut.
You can.
No, I think you can.
It could be walnuts.
Maybe there's like two or three of them.
They're different colored because they come in those four packages.
And they're...
And they also come in the drums you're talking about in the...
Yeah, exactly.
And you can get just the nuts and they're fused together with that syrup or whatever.
When a coffee.
Coffee, you make your teeth stick together.
Oh, another one.
The nuts have got the toffee on them.
That's right.
Without the popcorn stuff.
That's right.
Without any of the toffee.
Why are you doing this?
Put you into a coma in an hour.
Oh, just the aroma will put me in a coma.
I love that stuff.
I'm going to go get some now.
I'm a hater and a port now.
Okay, I've had it, Poppycock.
Thanks a lot, Ken.
How's it going, eh?
Prime Minister Silvia Burlusconi, the world's the biggest cook next to the Bush family,
said that he would be happy to grant a sob to an Afghan man who could have received
the death penalty for his conversion from Islam to Christianity.
I say that we're very glad to be able to welcome someone who's been so courageous
when his brother's going to sit Wednesday, court of age, spokesman Silvia Burlusconi,
who don't like satire, so he doesn't allow any on the state run TV, a Titan TV.
He owns the channel so he can make it up as he goes along.
And he does.
Italy doesn't know whether the convert, I'm to a rock mine, we even accept an asylum offer.
Maybe he can go to the way Elvatic, El the Vatican, and convert to a Catholicism.
Maybe they can baptize his ass and the rest of it.
Now that whole baptism thing, oh, yes.
I'm not really sure which of the rituals just sends me an orbit the most.
You know, whether it, of course, we just had that ass Wednesday and I find out there
actually are idiots that put asses on their forehead because somebody told them to do it.
I mean, these religious rituals, but the baptism, what is all that?
That's a way to get your money, it's a ritual you got to pay for.
I mean, Jesus, I mean, I don't get it.
I got dunked, did you?
Is it tank, yeah.
Dunkin' Donut?
Now, if you go to Dunkin' Donuts, is it the drive-through?
Does that count?
Well, if they dunk you.
The Italian candidate was expected to formally vote on the asylum issue this afternoon,
which it's already like, let's see, seven o'clock to their wedding voting.
Rochman was released from an Afghan prison yesterday,
is whereabouts are not immediately known because he's lay in low.
He's mighty low and good at the good thinking.
He was being held by Afghan authorities for becoming a Christian,
which is punishable by death under Islamic law.
I mean, this is just madness, man, madness.
Many Muslim clerics in the country called for his death
and said, even if he were freed his life would be in danger.
Then they will fear you, they said.
I had a rough man's release,
critics wrote President Hamid Karzai,
it all sounds the same to me, asking him to prevent Western nations
from interfering with the religious practices and customs.
About 1,000 people demonstrated in Mazar, Asia,
refugees today chanting,
death to America and death to George Bush on Monday.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop,
and it goes on and that's not the bad.
So maybe he'll wipe off an Italian or he'll be safe, you know?
Maybe the Katabaniadi can then protect him.
Or the guys that fight the Mawfiocians in Sicilya,
maybe he can go to Kuala Yonay.
Don't you think that the bodyguard, what that was in the Fabrizio?
That's right, I don't know that.
I still say, and he does say that and that's Spanish,
it's not Italian, and he should've said,
I dove, I'm about dove bar.
Maybe that's what he says.
Doesn't dove make candy bars now to be sized ice cream?
They make the little nuggets, so they qualify.
You dove? I just would dove.
On the wings of a dove, who'd held in that furlough in Husky?
On the wings of a snow white dove.
Steve Brucko was just there,
but I bet you're throwing Husky still there too.
What else did the frissians you've gone?
There actually were some bigger country hits
way back when that crossed over in the pop charts.
All of the most impressive.
There we go, exactly what a Husky has.
There it is.
Now if you can find this next song,
which I'm gonna go out and buy.
This is the only furlough that I've got though.
So that's enough.
You don't have since you've gone since you've gone?
No, no, this is it.
Oh, that was his biggest hit I do believe since you've gone.
Anyway, Columbia Records, I would say 58.
Marty Robbins, a white spank,
a white sport coat and a pink carnation.
A white spank coat.
No tour.
You remember that song? Of course.
I used to play that.
Oh, I love that.
Jay, that's a good song.
But I don't even have it in this computer.
I can't like Johnny Horton a little bit too.
It might be on a CD over here somewhere.
Not as much as Nathan Horton.
Always kind of goofy looking kid, but he's a pretty good player.
And Tim Horton, of course.
How about some Aurora for him to win at Tim Horton's?
You want some of that Tim Horton's coffee?
If it's free.
That goes to show that I'm going to tell you the Canadians man.
There's a Canadian soldier in Afghanistan who are doing the thing
that the Americans just kind of bailed out on.
Another one with another Canadian got killed over there yesterday
and an American too.
But anyway, the one thing they missed the most
is Tim Horton's coffee.
See, Tim Horton was more than just a hockey player.
It's like an institution until they got killed,
drive and drunk.
And so you remember, oh, yeah, powerhouse candy bar.
Let's get that. I do remember that.
That was pretty good.
Remember the powerhouse?
Yes, I do. Not bad at all.
It was almost as good as Jack Brookhouse,
which he wouldn't do good.
Chocolate covered dense nougat, not whipped like a Milky bar.
Milky way.
They came in a blue wrapper.
They used to be my favorite in college,
gone since the 80s.
Powerhouse. I put it on the pole.
Just for this juice box and go to Ford tomorrow.
Well, we got two excellent poles going in.
Are we going to get that thousand-day Josh?
What do you think? What do we got?
1253 and we got, we got, what do we got?
What do we got?
881. Oh, we got a shot.
We definitely got a shot.
We can do it.
If you really ripped the audience and asked,
if you just tear a new man in the next hour,
we'll screw all of them.
And Bishop and Anne Murray don't have any votes
as much as what's wrong with you people.
Raymond Burr finally got one.
If he can get one, how come not Anne Bishop?
Billy Jean King's got three.
Tom Brady's got five.
You see that?
Five people are realized and if Raymond Burr can get one.
Tom Brady's got five.
He's a macho guy.
I tell you one thing, you sure can take a lot of hits,
you know what?
Even George can't do that many hits.
I want to watch it.
It says here, oh, Tutsi Roll.
My God, what are we, what is wrong with us?
I love Tutsi Rolls.
You do?
Sure.
I haven't had Tutsi Rollin' about a thousand years.
Well, pull your fillings out, but that's half the price.
Oh, and also Fifth Avenue Bar.
Right.
This list is so I'm thinking you're just going to be able to read it,
but I'm sure not rewriting it here.
It good luck to you.
When I text this to him, he's going to like,
wife knows with it.
Yeah, Fifth Avenue, like a Clark Bar.
It says, no, Fifth Avenue is not like a Clark Bar at all.
OK, I hate, I don't think so.
Anyway, no longer made.
It said, oh, milkshake bar, my favorite.
Milk shake bar?
Never heard of it.
Then I know it.
No.
Never heard of it.
My favorite.
Well, it's bad, maybe that's why they'd be pressed.
But anyway, so Fifth Avenue Bar, of course,
and Tutsi Roll.
In fact, we like Tutsi Roll off of there,
indicates to me that you aren't making a frips in that room.
They're keeping you locked out of that sales department.
You know something, if I was, they might be spending all
my time in there too, because they're sure outside of anything.
I'd be spending most of my time in the tea room doing
the green apple quick step, wondering about where I was going
to be working in a few weeks when I just knew I'd
find the cages on.
To what a bunch of long kids we got back there.
And then I find out Todd Dreck,
who has no accounts on the show.
Oh, he's on vacation.
Like Erosman said, you gotta be on permanent vacation.
What a jackass.
Todd Dreck.
Why, this story's been on my pile for days now,
and it really is so important, you know?
Let's be.
I just never get to all my crap.
Well, last year they had a damn ball game yesterday
for crying out loud.
We want to do four hours.
We beg them, please.
Randy Quaid.
I don't like him at all of you.
He's annoying.
He's all right.
No, I don't like him.
He's probably lost to a claiming he was done in
by producers of broadcast mounting.
TMZ, which is this website,
obtained a crack in your knuckles again.
It's a disconcerting.
Tend to copy lawsuit file last Thursday
and LA Superior Court claiming producers falsely
represent the movie to him as a low budget art house film
with no prospect of making any money.
Quaid claims the representation of a ruse
from the beginning.
Broke asses grossed around 160 million.
No, that's sad.
Quaid claims that in 2004 he met with director Ang Lee,
who offered him the role of Joe Aguirre,
the suit legends that Lee told Quaid,
we can't pay anything.
We have very little money.
Everyone's making a sacrifice to make this film.
The suit doesn't specifically state how much Quaid made,
but does that mean that the defendants
were engaged in a movie laundering scheme
designed to obtain the services of towns such as Randy Quaid
on economically unfavorable art film terms.
The suit asked for $10 million in damages
as well as punitive damages.
It also seeks restitution for all Ilgotton gains.
Ilgotton gains because he wasn't in it.
How do you like that?
He only grossed 160 million.
Man, if he would have just been in it, right?
Right, they got a lot of Ilgotton booty.
Oh, god, that's what I heard up there in the mountain.
Bratcom, $257,000.
Speaking of booty.
This will chief of staff to be.
Oh, god.
This is Neil Roger.
Bratcom, Bratcom, this is $5.16,000.
QA.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Yeah, more having to do whatever.
With the old and old part of it is said in Rosa Parks.
Ain't nobody ever heard of Jackie Robinson?
Yeah, sure.
Rosa Parks wrote on the bus.
But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man.
And played with bowls in a major league of a children's game.
I mean, come on.
Who's done more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson?
Jackie Robinson was my hero.
Why I can remember when I was a much younger man.
And Jackie, he was working at the shop full of nuts.
I walked up to him, shook his hand to the day, and said to the day,
you are my hero.
Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rosa made coffee that heavily?
More having a living show.
What do you want?
Yes, ma'am.
I think what you're doing here.
Hey, hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I want to go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Oh, he can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lies between social activism.
No, not on prison.
Oh, he must have been disconnected.
Three no-fault of my own.
On any time, Tal, you open it up high, thorns.
What are we having today?
You mean tell me Jackie Robinson is both for the black community?
No, no, no.
That's not what I said to you today.
Now don't get me wrong here.
It goes up like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Nipsey Russell?
Nipsey Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
Hey, you be talking about that.
Oh, I got you down.
The food they work at right.
The food they work at right.
The food they work at right.
The food they work at right.
Well, who did more?
Those are parks a sloppy white.
Oh, yeah.
Who did more?
Who the parks are watching?
Who did more?
Who the parks are watching?
Who did more?
And I do not put it more.
Where it parts are point parts.
No, no, that's not what you're going to do.
You let me out of here.
You let me out of here.
You took a stick off.
You took a stick off.
Damn it.
Shoot.
Look at the fate by old Tal Troye.
And not away that, but.
That too.
905 votes on the pool.
We're going to make that thousand.
So if we have to see how many men,
sex, they're Curtis Rowle, mine.
We got Curtis Stevenson and two.
He's got Eric Reed at 330 to talk about the heat through his teeth.
70, 70, 70, 74.
Anyway, here's the fact that his uncle Neil and George back in the 70s.
There was a TV commercial for Oh Henry.
And it's featured Hank Aaron.
I remember that.
That's why I always talk to the candy bar with named after Hank Aaron.
I'm going how long can he have been around for a long time.
Also for the pool, how about Lloyd?
Yes, must macho bridges.
Yeah, but that reminded me.
Yeah.
And it prompted me to do some research stuff.
I only got the answer.
Because I've heard that before.
That's a comedy bit, Kenneth must macho.
And Lloyd Bridges is one of the people in the comedy bit.
And as is Ricardo Montobon.
And it was from a first season Saturday night live Bill Murray comedy bit.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Now, was it Ricky in that one too?
Not yet.
Oh.
Gov. 2, A.M. Hello.
I like that one.
Gov. 2, A.M. Hello.
You know, I think you're off base with three cards to half with girls.
You may know in the orange.
That's not something that I can't.
Do you have any idea what that was?
Yes, I do.
What would you say?
That was Reverend Jones.
Oh.
Like I said, 5.6705.60, pound 5.60, and they've raised them well.
So it's such a bad phone.
Yeah.
If you can afford a real phone anymore, that would be a step in the right direction for all of us.
That's a little look.
Oh, yeah.
Let's hope.
Let's pray.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
If we've got Raisinettes on the candy.
That's your favorite candy is Raisinettes.
No, they're the goobers, but they're good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now I've got Shrevegoobers.
And the candy too.
Oh, come on.
Goobers.
Raisinettes.
That's Raisinettes.
Faa.
But what's...
Now, how about non-parels?
What do they call those?
There's a different name for those.
Yeah, but I don't know.
They describe them in a...
How about Neco-Wafers?
Okay.
I don't know what that is either.
Yeah.
We would do that once before already.
No, you're wrong.
You're wrong.
You have had Neco-even Josh knows Neco-Wafers.
They're coming like a clear...
A planet totally clear, but an arplastic wrapper.
And they're round about the size of a quarter.
Okay.
And they're all different colors.
Yes, I have.
And they melt in your mouth.
That's what you're supposed to do.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
But what's a Neco-Waferl?
I don't know.
Describe that.
A Neco-Waferl was like a...
A piece of chocolate that had like little white...
Oh, a snow caps.
Snow caps.
That's a snow caps there.
Years ago, 100 years ago, when I was a kid,
we used to call them non-parels.
I don't know what that means.
Snow caps.
It's even saw the movie Candy Craft.
That's right.
Like, you...
Goobers and Raisinettes.
And snow caps.
When you go to your movie theater,
that's what they got.
You look in the counter and that's all they got.
And now they've got...
Cookie doll bites.
Yeah, they're great.
Well, hopefully, Christy won't be in the alley.
So, trust me.
Oh, God.
I think...
Come to QAM, hello.
Let me see workshop.
This is him.
Come to QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm ready to come over.
Okay.
Did you get on the pole forever, Rocher?
The truck is playing balls.
What is this man talking about?
I didn't hear a word.
It's a forever, Rocher.
That is the worst crap, man.
If that's your favorite candy,
we need to get his address.
Go shoot him.
You seem in the drug store.
It's like chocolate balls.
Kind of like Isaac Hayes was pedaling at that time.
Chocolate salty balls.
Oh, those are horror.
Horror.
Horror Rocher, I think, is RCHR some kind of frog crab.
Oh, I'm not even put that on there.
I'm not sure what that is.
That is strictly for going with no taste buds.
Like, melted milk balls, which I like.
What I do like melted milk balls is that what we call those.
Melt balls.
Mmm.
Another movie theater, especially.
And along those lines, milk duds.
Milk.
Well, it's not the same.
No.
No, milk duds are chewy.
Pull your feelings out.
Oh, that's right.
I love milk, but I love melted milk because I like malt.
Yeah, I love those too.
Mmm.
Now, what was the one in Vegas?
What was the name of that?
FLM's.
FLM.
No, that was at an FLM.
Well, here they got Laura Seacord.
But in Vegas, they had FLM.
And they had those coffee, tadas, crunchier.
What do they call it?
Oh, man.
I can eat about 45 pounds of those.
You know what I'm talking about?
Mmm.
Chocolate on the outside.
We're like a little bit of a toutory stuff on it.
And then inside, like, toffee, hard.
Just chewing on one of those.
All your teeth are just splatter all over the place.
Wappers.
The air says wappers.
Wappers is red.
Yeah, but your Eric Rose is candy.
Oh, yeah.
Wappers.
He's told a few.
Sounds like Rollos.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, it does.
What?
What who's talking about?
What you were just talking about?
What you were just talking about?
No, Rollos are like chewy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They make a roll of ice cream.
And it sucks.
Oh, my God.
You'll puke your guts out.
Now, Rollo, you like Rollo candy?
No, I thought that's what...
It sounded like that's what you were talking about.
Not at all.
Can't stand Rollo.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Phil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, but that's Forever Rocher or Rollo.
Oh.
Listen, that's because you taste it?
I've had it.
There's George who likes it because he has Nutella inside.
And there's what?
Oh, Nutella.
Yeah, those things.
Yeah, those are all right.
I like them.
That was our very original.
Oh, get out of here.
Go away.
Go on and buy something.
They got the gold or water.
They got gold foil on them.
They're trying to give them away.
For Rare Rocher, they're like at the counter you'll find them.
At CVS and Walgreens.
They got the probably inside.
The home depot everywhere.
Face hardware.
But that reminds me of another candy that comes in ball form.
Yeah.
And I can't think of it right now.
Oh.
I can think of it.
Yeah.
I'll get it.
Or kind of candy comes in ball.
Oh, they're coming bags and they're wrapped in individual balls.
They have dark and other stuff.
They're real.
They're really stuck.
They're talking about lint.
Yeah, linder.
Linder.
No, it's not lint.
It's lint.
The truffle.
Lint.
Is it lint?
Lint.
L-I-N-D-T.
It's schweiss.
But the truffles.
And it's got like two kinds of chocolate.
The harder kind on the outside.
I'm just putting lint because they make the chocolate.
They are different kinds of those.
But you're right.
They're like balls.
And you can tell.
You can tell what's on the inside by the color of the wrapper.
That's right.
Right.
Oh yeah.
Lint.
In fact, in the Edens Center, there's a by-series.
Well, yeah, it's serious now.
There used to be Edens' department through there.
There's a lint candy shop.
Why did you have to remind me of that?
Oh.
You idiot.
It'll get some, though.
Along with the other coffee-carts nuts.
The ones in the blue wrapper are the best.
I forget what they call.
I don't want to know what they call them.
Why would you start with that?
And as long as we're putting European stuff under what about bachi?
Huh?
They have those bachi balls, speaking to that stuff?
Bachi, tighted.
It's okay.
Not the best.
Nine minutes after one, man.
Our blood sugar is up to like 7,000 just from the discussion.
Forget about eating and this crap.
Boy, all the people needs to be talking about this.
You're the bad influence.
The audience can hear it.
Or whoever sent this facious day, you know how much it takes to get to influence me.
Just a whisper.
I think it's a sail on candy.
Yeah, you try this for our Rocher ones, too.
And then there's a color also.
There's a color also, what can't call it a Julian G-U-L or G-U-Y-L.
Oh, that stuff is correct.
I will say this because we were just talking about it.
I've had them inside the fridge and out.
What?
And if they're soft those balls?
Balls?
And if they're not refrigerated, then they're like mush.
They're like Rocher?
But yeah.
As long as they're refrigerated.
Have you ever had the guys just giving you a sudden dance by the time?
No, no.
Once he described it, I realized what he was talking about.
No, I haven't had that.
What I was talking about before, you tell me that's like Rollo.
Rollo is just chewy chocolate.
That's all they have on it.
Any a toffee inside?
Okay.
You better study your Rollo.
I don't know if you don't know it.
You need to drive it.
Rollo are like, oh, they're horrible.
I thought he was worth this emotions department.
They're mooshy, man.
Rollo Rodriguez.
Yeah.
Rock and Rollo.
Yeah.
In fact, with all this candy talk, probably fat boys breaking the door down to the
EQM prize closet.
Maybe that's why he was in the magic room there when they were little.
That's a true story.
That's a true story, by the way.
Speaking about Jeff Hayaiaiaiai, is that way back when once upon a time there was a big stink
about it.
Speaking of him being in the tea room, I always create a big stink.
But he evidently found a way to get in the prize closet there because they had a whole bunch
of candy.
I've seen a little like a box of candy bars in his desk.
Yeah.
And that's nice.
And that was his way.
And this is a man who can barely walk by the way, folks.
This is a man who waddles.
He's got a walker.
He's got a cane.
What is he?
About 40, 40, something, something like that.
It was probably asking for it.
Didn't look at the day over 90, if you asked me.
Did you ask him for a piece of that candy, Josh?
No, I didn't want to get bit.
Oh, I did.
No.
No, chair.
As they say, fat chance.
Well, look at this.
Big Arnie, who just a little bit behind.
I give a name for non-prols, a snowcaps.
Damage, you're just said it as I was typing this.
Sorry, George.
And he says, don't knock the raisinets.
No, no, they're not.
They're not.
All they are is raisins with chuffins while they're the caucon, man.
Doesn't have a rubber any day.
Yeah.
Raisinets, my ass.
Oh, I'm good.
I'm sure there are.
In fact, I think that's what Moe used to be pulling out of his pants with them raisins.
What are the archins?
It raisinets on his ass.
12 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WDQM, you all know the name, dry concepts.
I've been telling you about them for over 20 years on a variety of shows, on a variety of stations,
some real radio stations, matter of fact.
And this one too.
Dry concepts is the best carpet cleaning company in the world.
I've used them in my homes for over that 21-year period of time.
So before you go out and spend a fortune to replace your carpeting, call our good friends
to dry concepts and let them show you what they do best.
And that is bringing nasty, smelly, soil carpeting back to life.
I'm looking just like brand new.
When they finish their job, they leave your carpets vibrant in color, softened the touch,
stained free, and looking like you had brand new just laid, right on your floor.
Dry concepts is the only company I've pressed in the only one you ought to be using too.
And in case you didn't know it, they also specialize in drapery cleaning,
a post-recleaning deep cleaning of those expensive leather furniture pieces and lots more.
Without a do, one of the best things you can do for those ORIM or ARIRUGS
is to use a quality under-layment.
It's a central for extending life and beauty of that area,
RUGSN provides critical cushioning and prevents skidding and hard floors.
During this month, during the month of March, and time is running out,
so please take advantage of this, get 15% in savings on all under-layment padding from dry concepts.
Always professional, always on time, and always give you written guaranteed price
before they start the work.
Carpour cleaning, water damage restoration, pet-ordered treatments,
mattress cleaning, and lots more.
All of these things.
Call the best and trust the best, dry concepts.
Call them tool-free, and day-broward in the Palm Beaches at 1-800-248-5071.
Be sure and tell them that Troy told you to call 1-800-248-50071-248-5071 around the web,
it's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
Fers my name.
Baby, launch a couple of missiles.
That's the tour place we know.
The name of Mattapel, whose first name begins with...
Oh!
There's one thing we all understake.
Absolutely.
Altata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them who...
You know we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Oh, right.
Now, pay the needs and nuclear tanks.
Okay.
Why don't we stop what he's good?
What is it?
Pakistan.
Absolutely correction.
Oh, don't, don't, don't.
Now the reason I've played there is not even though I do love and like I've played every five minutes.
Saudi Arabia is working secretly on a nuclear program with help from Pakistani experts
in German magazine, Cicero reports, and it's laid its addition, citing Western security sources.
See Iran can't have them.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
And I mean, the Western security, by the way, I saw that the documentary again was Hitler gay on the gay couple lives who wanted he was.
The coin of Western security services, the magazine.
The MSF that said that move right along.
The magazine that it's Saudi scientists have been working since the mid-90s in Pakistan and a nuclear power since 98.
Thanks to the work of the now just raised Pakistan, and he signed this Abdul Qadir Khan.
Was he the gangus Khan?
I'm not.
He can drive him to do that.
Cicero, which will appear on the news stand tomorrow also quoted the West military analyst John Pike as saying that Saudi barcodes can be found on half a pack of food.
because it is Saudi Arabia which ultimately co-financed the finance, the Pakistani atomic nuclear program, and it was Saudi Arabia that financed along with our friends in the UAE, the 9-11 hijackers, all of these things.
The Saudis, those are the chiggers in the wood pile, okay, in the sand pile.
The magazine also said satellite images prove that Saudi Arabia has set up in Il-Sul-A'i, however you say that, south of Riyadh, a secret underground city and dozens of underground silos for missiles.
They got silos, baby, there's no corn in them. According to some Western security services, long range, gauri-type missiles of Pakistani origin are housed inside those silos.
They turned into a safe haven.
Yeah, right, for bombs, for when a bomb bomb.
Just your Ricky Vailin's saying him right now, when a bomb bomb, remember that song?
Yeah, he did.
He did Richie Vailin's.
1942 votes, wasn't he a beener? I think he was.
1942, we can make it, we can do that thousand by two o'clock, we got a different version.
Oh, sorry, we're going for it.
Yeah, bomb bomb.
Speaking George Bush, it's bomb bomb.
Okay, back on the other side of the border, go through that tunnel again, get out of here.
Again, all they're doing is taking the first two letters off illegal and trying to turn illegal.
I started to talk about this before I got sidetracked by the border.
I noticed how conveniently also they're throwing out the word immigrant immigrant.
Nobody talks about immigrants.
What immigrant means to me is somebody who waits on line and comes over legally and waits their turn
and doesn't come sneak it across the border and then try to grab somebody else's job because they'll work for peanuts.
Right, nobody talks about immigrants, we're talking about you illegal border junk business.
Speaking about peanuts, what are those chocolate covered peanuts? What do they call those?
Goobers.
Oh, that's right, goobers.
Excuse me.
The problem.
Well, look at all the names we got on this pull tomorrow.
This is a scary.
Wow.
This is the most we've had on a pull in a long time.
942 votes on the one of the day.
We are Jonesed for that thousand and Josh is screaming the hell in the back.
He hasn't been saying anything on the year.
Lloyd Bridges doesn't know that he didn't.
He didn't help too much in Chuck Heston's only got one and Murray's got one, but Anvish have had two.
Aha.
We're talking the other one.
The most macho Clint Eastwood 175, Janet Reno 151, Jim Mandage 145, the mad dog, Mr. Macho.
No, a shardonnay Sippin, whatever, pansy.
Or is that periace Sippin?
See, he always says shardonnay Sippin.
Sean Connery 74, Teddy Roosevelt 56, Lindy England 50, Ernest Hemingway 37, Chuck Bronson 38, and Command Coder 35.
What a guy.
Bitch.
John Wayne 25, that's Mirian to you.
Barbara Bush 25, Steve McQueen 17, or is that Feywayne?
Arnold Schwarzenegger 14, Johnny Weissmutter 13, Condor Leaser 12, Kimbobo Campertin.
Lee Marvin 9, real Mike.
You know who else belongs on here, but they won't, seriously.
Sterling Hayden.
Yeah, nobody knows who that is.
I don't care.
He played McCluskey in the gutter.
I don't know.
I don't remember who he is.
He played the police chief.
He was a great actor and a really man.
He was as macho as it gets.
He might be the winner if they knew who he was.
Sterling Hayden, a.y.d.n.
We got it.
Slice the low nine.
Catherine Harris, he's got eight dollars left.
Spend it all, honey.
Spend it all.
Raymond Burr, she's got six.
Tommy Brady 5, Brad Pitt 5, Billie Jean King 4, and the interesting part is Bobby Riggs.
Don't have any Anthony Hopkins 4, Hannibal Lectures, Steve Reeves 3, Ricardo Montelbond 3, and Bishop 2.
You know who else was very popular at the same time as Ricardo Montelbond?
And you hated sunlight poison?
Yeah, Lorraine.
Fernando Lamas.
Oh, Fernando, yeah.
Yeah.
Fernando's hideaway.
He was part of that bit.
What?
Kenneth Musmutter.
Yeah, Fernando Lamas.
I remember that now.
Yes, I do remember that.
And Bishop 2, Ann Marie 1, Chark Heston 1, and Lloyd Bridges don't have any out of 942.
Well, it's kind of hard to be under, you know, March 1 of submarine.
Oh, that's not what I heard.
Down under.
Why, he was the Marchio man?
Let me look at the shape of those things.
One time, Powerhouse lobbyist, Jack Abramoff, will soon be trading in his pinstripes for prison stripes.
Abramoff is set to be sentenced this afternoon in Miami, federal court to a prison term, ranging from six to seven years for a fraudulent loan deal to buy a soft load of fleet of casino ships in 2000.
And a fleet of animals.
His partner, New York businessman Adam Kadein in the 147.5 million dollar son Cruz casino's purchase also faces the same sentence before US district judge Paul Huck.
And I guarantee it won't be suspended a sentence.
Both were charged last summer with line the lenders about putting down 22 million to qualify for a 60 million dollar loan to seal the son Cruz deal.
I'm going to tell you, man, every way look at these cruise ships, there's tourists, you know.
But they never made the down payment though they sent bogus documents to the lenders that show they did that foundation the wire fraud conspiracy case.
Abramoff, 46, and Kadein 41 respectively, cut plea deals in January and December to win shorter sentences, but those agreements generally prevent them from appealing their sentences.
That means the two men who had each made each other Washington as young Republicans in the 80s could be heading to prison after their sentences this afternoon depending on the judge.
But the more likely scenario is that both Abramoff and Kadein will be allowed to remain free on bail while they cooperate with state and federal authorities on two separate investigations related to the court.
And the two men who were charged last summer with line the lenders about the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial
and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the
trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and
the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial
and the trial and the trial and the trial and the trial and they they they they they they they they are in the trial and the trial and the trial and the partial and all kinds of crimes in so before their court votes and demands and peasants for their court votes and demands and people as a Coach but they deserve to pay for their court votes and re-victoir, hiring the court votes and prohibit the court votes, including by Ju
gardener act that there's no national got out now
having my baby
what a lovely way of proving we're a real couple
having my baby
even though your age isn't even mindable
I know you want another bun in the oven
the one thing you don't want is another husband
but you're having my baby
I know I'm in love and I love having more than six minutes
having my baby
and I'm not talking about how we feel about fruit witness
your great daughters think I'm their brother
what it almost feels like I'm shaking up with my lover
are you sure that we are?
we're having my baby
what a lovely way of proving we're both nuts
having my baby
132.560 WQM Curtis Stevens in the 2-4 revolving dough from a 2-4
here's the fact that says since you're doing all candy radio
how about Cadbury's chocolate bars especially the ones with caramel
or some people say caramel and I can't stand people who say that
I'm like just have to stop by the store and pick up one or two or three of those
it says well you know I'll put candies on there which I did but the problem is
they make so many different ones we can't put them all on there
what else I put on?
what?
which we can't put the individual ones on it
Ritter sport
Ritter sport
you never saw those they're like square and they make ones mostly with nuts
but they also have dark chocolate
Ritter sport
you never saw those?
I don't think so
they're like most of us they're like real tight
and they're like in like his squares you know like about nine squares to each one
never saw Ritter sport?
they're like white chocolate they got like half a dozen different varieties
it's very big in Europe but we got them maybe you don't have them there I don't know
we got them here of course we got a lot of candy bars that you don't have there
this place specializes in ice cream and candy
962 votes I think we're gonna do it man I think Josh Curtis had his thumb right in it
what I tell you
who is the most macho and we got 962 vote
the only sad part is Sterling Hayden and Lloyd Bridges don't have any
well they sure know they sure know who Lloyd Bridges was
right sure fear
and Sterling Hayden thank god father maybe think of Captain McCluskey who gave it to Michael Irina in the jaw
that's it
it's just a little tap
yeah
get a little old for as whatever what was he said when he's in the back seat
I got a frisky now Mike
yeah
he was apologizing for smack him in the jaw
and then the rest of the movie after that Michael kept like his nose kept running
you know
remember I always had that hanky mizzo best fight
TV networks reject ad from church say spot welcoming gaze is controversial
oh
can't have controversy
the nation's major TV networks have rejected an ad that shows a gay couple and others being banished from a church
saying it violates their rules against controversial religious advertising
so it's okay they think they can put every getsky on the in the world on the air
that's okay
but this is bad
the 32nd spot
for the United Church of Christ will begin airing on cable networks and Spanish language stations next week
well they needed needed badly
the ad called ejector
shows a gay couple a single mother a disabled man others flying out of their pews
as the wrinkled hand pushes a red button
ejecting them from the pews
text on the screen reads
god doesn't reject people
neither do we in a voiceover says the United Church of Christ
no matter who you are or where you are
likes you and you welcome here
and they won't write them on the networks
the church tried to run a similar ad December 2004
which bounces outside of church stop gay couples
racial minorities of this from entering the network also rejected that ad
the decision by CBS NBC ABC and of course Fox
to decline the latest answers the network's have a narrow view of acceptable images of gay and lesbian
church leader Ron Buford said Monday
or wonder if he's keen to be for the pusser
they're close keel
they are saying you can entertain on Berlin Grayson queer act for the straight guy
voting comes to showing you as whole people with the church that's going too far
Buford said
CBS spokesman Shannon Jacobs said the network has a long standing
and well documented policy of not accepting advocacy advertising
Kathy Kelly Brown a spoken for NBC said the ad violates our long standing policy
against airing commercials that deal with issues of public controversy
oh I see like political advertising how about that
representatives from ABC and Fox were not available for a fox
were not available for comment but Buford said both that were said told the church
they have policies barring religious advertising
Buford said CBS executives told them the subject will be considered advocacy advertising
until the inclusion of gays and lesbians has come into churches in the USA
but Jacob has challenged that statement that's opposed to exchange is simply
fictitious she said starting April Turd they have a run for three weeks on CNN
USA TNT black entertainment on network and eight other cable networks along with three
Spanish language of Stasiones the church spent a mid-and-a-half bucks on the ads
which are run through the Easter season
the church filed a complaint against CBS and NBC affiliates in Miami
after the networks rejected the first ad in 2004 and that complaint is still pending
it's still pending all dependent
of course the two neighboring countries go away
Pakistan and Saudi Arabia your good buddies all the Mishmata heads over there
you know did you hear the statement who now was talking about it about William Cohen
the former defense secretary of the Republic and remained in Wisconsin's defense secretary
and when when when they first the election in 2000 a chain called him
and the only thing you want to talk about was Iraq and he was just he was just amazed
that that's all he cared about
that's the only topic that he wanted to discuss with the former secretary of the state
was Iraq he said he smelled he smelled a rotten fish at that point
couldn't have been closer that OIL and M O N E Y could have been
I remember somebody on your screaming about that day after day it was me OIL M O N E Y
and by the way thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices again
it's gonna be three bucks a gallon this summer
yeah right stop in the name of love
9.67 we got we got it made in the shade I think
WQA M hello
I got one for the soul yeah dog chocolate
what is it? dog
it was dog well we got those on there okay we can't do all of the dogs makes a whole bunch of stuff
I mean if we have to do like each and everyone I like the Cadbury you know
right how many Cadbury varieties you think there are
30 men with a sport the same thing I can't believe you never heard a ridder sport
sorry I let it stay you better start studying your candy because you got a long way to go
you ever have a crunchy must have crispy crunch
no we don't have choky on there I do oh we don't have we don't have no oh they still like that
we don't have to because huh yeah they do chunky those are square there's a lot of big blocks
squares yeah blocks of chocolate right or like we're in the same chocolate
chocolate box blocks well here's what we got on there for tomorrow so far
I'm ready to take about an hour to read these you're all time favorite candy
watch him a call at Mars bar Snickers Poppycock Clark Bar Tutsi Roll
Mounds Fifth Avenue bar I'll enjoy S'mores Eminem's Cracker Jack Smarties fiddle
Fatal Score Crunch and Munch Heath bar chunky by say anything twice alert me Hershey bar
Cadbury's Crunchy oh wait Crunchy no that's only one Kit Kat Turtles Crispy Crunch
Lint which is like a hundred thousand different varieties Milky Way dark Milky Way
Batchy Caramel Caramelos Femusca Thierry's Mr. Good bar Charleston Choo
Wankabar I don't know marathon bar is Agnud Butterfinger payday Reese's Vito Honey
You don't like the Duhani I can't believe that it's great for pulling your teeth at well
M&M Peanut Hershey with Toffee Nomens now we agree on that that is primo stuff man
that is so good how they can take some crap like just regular Hershey's chocolate
and and dial it up and make it good I believe that's all the toffee
Nestleys which you know it could be anything Nestleys is boring just a plain
Crackle Baby Ruth Oh Henry and what was that in the punch bowl again?
Little Ritter Sport Rollo Twix Arrow Mr. Big Copy Crisp Bar None
Hundred Grand Dove Powerhouse Woppers Goobers Woppers and Goobers
or something like something that Greg Reed would know about
Raisinettes Neckow Wafers Snowcats Malt and Milk Bars and Milk Duds
I can't believe you thought you didn't know what the Neckow Wafers were
I mean I'm sure that they must still sell them and they're there sickeningly sweet
you don't like like real real sweet stuff so probably wouldn't have had a lot of them but they really are
they're just nauseatingly sweet and of course even as a child I always prefer the pink one
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8.8
The Lord even loves Neil Rogers
Who's the Scientologist that turned out to be a hypocrite?
South You're gay right?
Who will be the dude that gets married when they put down some food?
South
Easy
Who's the cat that's making fun of every other real-life junk?
South
Not only
This issue is one brainwash mother
South
A part of our share
And we can do it
This is a truth that's no hard but no one understands him but our unhovers
Genesis
Hey Isaac, up your head baby
Oh sorry Tommy
You're fair for Tom Pukes
I'm 177 votes you Scientologist you 23 short we need 23 votes in 15 minutes we can do it
Point out like I pointed out in the speech
23 votes to do it so give to a thousand
You think we can do it?
You can do it
I mean like you're like one and a half votes a minute we can handle that this crowd
Come on get with it hop on it
Whitney Houston at her wits end this is in the British Sun
Oh if you can see this picture man she has been shot so
Oh man looks like she has been shot
Uh huh
And under the picture it says pitiful haggard
Sink
Hagrid
Like she looks like Mural Hagrid
Well a little darker
Superstar Whitney Houston has spiraled into a world of squalor and degradation on deadly crack
As the shocking pictures in today's Sun newspaper like Oprah he's got a crack problem
It shows the disgusting mess in the singer's bathroom after a drug binge
Drug paraphernalia including a crack smoking pipe rolling papers
Cocaine caked spoons and cigarette ins
Our stream across the surface tops
But Whitney 42 Tino Carinomole
As Chris Darden would say
Did we try that the other day we did work out
I'll give a sh** me more
That was okay
We just don't say too long
No there was no there was a good vol movement
She was one of the biggest female artist of her generation with a string of 80s 90s hits
And they all suck by the way
Sink was like I want to dance with somebody and more than 100 album sold
Which really the fact that very manllow is number one now in the album chart
What does that tell you about the world going hell in a hand casket
Now she's a paranoid wreck
Hopelessly hooked on crack
Drugs have devastated her once famous beauty
She looks like mung
She looks like death boil over
She's haggard with dark circles under her eyes and a deranged look on her face
She regularly disappears for days and weeks at a time
Hold up and see the crackdowns and dangerous parts of town
And she's blown
Oh please
She's going much of her multi-million dollar showbiz fortune on her habit
Now family and friends for the additional end of her death unless you can beat it
Wooo
And the mic will can help her
The bathroom photo was taken by Whitney's sister in law Tina Brown
It's a five star bedroom mansion
That's a star shared with the drug abuse and hubby Bobby Brown and Lada Jojo
Tina's sister of Bobby is herself a self-confessed woman addict who once regularly took crack with mum of one Whitney
She's now clean but she said the truth needs to come out
Whitney won't stay off drugs
It's every single day it's so ugly
Everyone is scared she's going to OD
In a shocking interview the mother of six told how the whining, wailing Whitney spends days locked in her bedroom mid-pause of rubbish
There's the woman of coaster with Kevin Costner in the 92-hit movie The Bodyguard Smokes Crack uses sex toys to satisfy herself at a North personal hygiene
When high on drugs she imagines she sees demons and is being beaten by them
The sad truth is that she bites and punches her own body without realizing it
Millions of fans were hard to find to believe that this was once the wholesome girl admired for her stunning looks at amazing voice
I think it said Bobby Brown done it
You know downtown Bobby Brown
No, no, no, he didn't need to help his body
The artist who started out in age 11 in a gospel church choir
See there you go encouraged by a family of top singers like her mother Sissy Houston
First cousin Dion Warwick and Godmother Eurethra Franklin
Did you know that?
I knew about the Dion thing not the Eurethra
Godmother Eurethra Franklin
tragically drug crazed Whitney as we could use all offers out to get clean she's failed skulls and rehab
Tina 42 says she'll pour to the floor and say see that demon
I'm telling you somebody's messing with Bobby
She always thinks it's something to do with Bobby but it's her hitting herself
In her paranoia Whitney made a hole in the bathroom wall so she could see who was in the house
Sounds like Greg Reed's behavior to me
Tina said he breaks everything mirror his phone's cabinets appliances
She revealed Whitney's 13-year-old daughter Bobby Christina was often frightened by her mom's wear behavior
Tina also claimed Whitney was so wasted on drugs that she wet herself then put on a baby's nappy
Oh these brits are so unnappy
Let's take a little nap in this afternoon and once Whitney smoked crack on the way to her I know they took her rehab clinic
Well listen hey I want to talk to you guys
Talk you know Tina recalls she'd say I'm just gonna act crazy
She did Whitney allegedly called a stream of dealers who were house invited eight balls of crack
Eighth of an ounce rocks
She rocks
Users usually break an eight ball up in a smaller piece and said
But Tina said Whitney cuts open a cigar twisted in car eight ball inside with marijuana and smokes it
Just like an imaginary hero isn't so boring either
Only she wasn't doing no eight she was she was low behind the eight ball
Yeah she gets the good stuff though
Yeah for a little while
Oh man the way downtown
Whitney was also rushed to a hospital in 2000
That looks such a great scene
You know the good stuff
Yeah we're going to hospital in 2003 with blood gushing from her nose and emerge with a bizarre bandage on it
A source said everyone wondered what happened to Whitney's nose
Witnesses in a vagus hotel described how she had earlier looked completely trapped
Tina had an understand what she's going through with dictionaries of disease
Maybe this interview will save her life
She's still on the ice out
She's only 42 she don't look at it over 90 now
Oh there's a pigeon on my patio
Feel just like Ted Williams with the frozen head
Nine eighty six man we got ten minutes to get 14 votes
That's barely over a one a minute
What do you got on your thing?
Nine eighty seven
They're pouring out of the one
Well I said you know you we need to go you went out on the limb
What much of a limb man
We're coming down to the wild
What do you mean by that it wasn't much of a limb
We always get a thousand
No we don't
We didn't have one day we didn't I think once
You're forgetting that I didn't get home to like I don't know one thirty in the morning from plunge in my lungs
I'm not that bad though but not another very good night of woodbind
There was no good machine mine
They're all crappy machine
And so I didn't put this on it like two o'clock in the morning everybody's sloughing at that point
So I'll sloughing and sloughing and fluffing it nine eighty seven
I guarantee you by the time we get through from this break will be over the top
I'll bring you life a new Roger
The fact boys too
Miss and his boyfriend
16 crazy days
You get a lot of baby
All right
The Rogers are sports old radio WQAM
All right
Remember when you were in your mind
But now I can't believe it's done
I can't make our hair so thin
A feeling
There's nothing no sense
All I do is scream like I'm inside
You're my soul, don't fall in the flames
Absolutely
Do do do do
My engine told me not to change
All things
So I cannot keep on it's yelling
We got our cars in both of them inside
All right
All right
I think I made the door so bad
Yeah
Uh-huh
Yes
She's a little behind the eight ball but she'll bounce back
You just wait and see or is it his maybe is anybody care
Here's the news because we're so newsy today
We're right on top of it baby thanks to the tremendous resources of the QM news testicle
Jack Abramoff at his grace lobby at the center of a Washington corruption scandal was sentenced to the nearly six years in prison for fraud in the purchase of a Florida casino cruise line
US District Judge Paul C. Huck sentenced Abramoff and former business partner five years and ten months in prison
Order them to pay restitution of more than twenty one million dollars
Well, we better play the restitution song a cute right up
The sentences were the minimum under the Pee agreement in the case Abramoff and Adam Kedan both played a guilty conspiracy and wire fraud
There this is shows him arriving at the federal justice building and we were the suit and a baseball cap
He wasn't wearing a gangsta outfit he was you know that John Gotti outfit not today
It won't start their sentences immediately so they can continue out cooperating in Washington corruption investigation
And a Florida probe and a murder of Constantino's Gus Bullis the owner of Sun Cruise Casino's fleet they bought
In court, Abramoff said the case was incredibly painful for himself his family and his friends
Uh-huh
In the past two years, I've begun the process of becoming a new man. He said all right
Abramoff arrived at the court house several hours earlier avoiding the media before they hearing
Wait till you're this more than 260 people including rabbis
Military officers even a professional hockey referee Dave Jackson wrote letters on the men's behalf asking the federal judge for leniency
They said he never stole a freight train
The letters put a new spin on the foibles and crimes but man became the face of Washington's latest corruption scandal
Jack is a good person when his quest to be successful outside of the rules
NHL referee Dave Jackson the crappy referee by the way wrote describing the time Abramoff brought 14 youngsters to his dressing room before a hockey game
Oh that must make him a good guy then right? That's a way to a hockey game. What do you think, y'all?
Yeah, that does it for me and if it turns out he was a made make police fan I mean it's okay in my book
Of course, what can I tell you about that?
2011 votes we did an I told you and Josh kept saying I don't have enough time. Don't have enough time. Did you say that?
That's what he said over it. Yeah, that was it. And wait till we do that candy bar pull wait till Eric has to put up those 40,000 names for the money
Bye bye bye
