The Rogers presents
commemorating 30 years of entertaining sound Florida.
Oh right!
Keep listening to the Neil Rogers Show to find out where you could pick up a CD or shirt to benefit a band and pet rescue and for Lauderdale.
Okay.
Brought to you by the Neil Rogers Show and 560.
All right guys, been a great day.
Shall I leave you next to your help?
John Colton in the side of the glass.
Always keeping the right.
And the Rogers coming your way then it's gold.
He had two Curtis for the mad dog.
Panther preview and then it's Panthers and the Rangers.
That's going to do it.
Have a great day.
Stay safe.
We'll see you next time.
For all the adventures TピK she was doing so.
Have a great day.
So you've been still salespeople are eye-sales.
That's absolutely...
Yes!
Where the hell
Look at you that won't stay on
There is blood
Shake my butt and turn eyes off
Rack them!
I'm not a bad girl
I can make a girl
I'm not in the least
That's where their blood flows
Cause the sun should heal
It's one of the things I were born
But be it such a bad girl
Be it such a bad girl
I think this poll today is very revealing
If you put that expression in the video
No, seriously
We've always talked about how Brittany has fallen
The mighty of fallen
How she's kind of like tainted goods
And she's doing that good this time
Does she take no?
I mean she kicked ass
I don't know when this original poll was
Years ago, few years
Four or five, whatever
And there are some people we got on there now
Who weren't even on the first poll
Like Jessica Simpson for example
I voted for her just because she was married to Nick
She's doing well
And she's doing very well
And you know how Shakira
Speaking of that bit
It's got 20 votes already
The first poll all at the end
We had 1100 votes
Yeah, she's come far
She only had 11 votes all told
All told
So anyway, it's kind of interesting to see how
People's altitudes have changed
Anyways, 10.0.2.5.60
So what's the word?
Is it Curtis Myskejl says
Mad Doggett Hoodies deraille the way
So the way
It's Goldie from 2 to 4
And they're...
We know that at the end of the center
Yeah, they're both actually at the end of the center
But who is it at 4?
Curtis
Oh, at the end of the center
Oh, brother
What kind of a schedule is this?
Why?
It's really something when you got three people running the programming department
And we can't even get a schedule to me that makes sense
It's almost like our sales department
Anyway, our new sales manager was in today Chris
So what's his name?
Charles
He was Jones in for some info
And a bit of beep, but a boop
And I guess he's discovered that what we already know
And that is that more sales people are for vericators
They lie
They lie like crazy
They tell tall tales
In other words, they're BS artists, Bolshemit
That's their speciality, Bolshemit
And why send it to the QM sales department?
They are the best at that
So, Gelly at the end of the center
Because this is again the game of the year
I keep saying that because everyone is now for the Panthers
Any interest in the Panthers?
No
We're going to play the Rangers at the end of the center tonight
So, Gelly will be there from 2 to 4
Squeaking his way to the top
Squeaking his way toward the net with a breakaway
Curtis at the end of the center from 4 to 7
And we've got like a 5-hour buildup for the Panthers Ranger game
And I guarantee there'd be 5,000 Ranger fans there tonight
Each one more obnoxious than the other
Panthers with 7 Panthers and the Rangers at 730
With Henrik Lumpquist and Yami Yager
And Tom Jicke fills in for Eddie Camp after the hockey game
That should be a real tweet
And you want to know why I say it's going to be a real tweet
Why do you say it's going to be a real tweet?
Because Tom Jicke
He's 5,000!
Other than that
Yeah, call him up and express my personal thanks for the fine job
He did reporting on my 30th anniversary on the year in the market
I realize it's not significant
And he did a stellar job on my 20th anniversary
And again on the 25th
And he hates me like poison now
Because I have the audacity to expose the fact that he's an idiot
And doesn't write about anything local
I'm a guy that's supposed to be out of touch because of my ass is sitting in Toronto
But in the meantime, there's a guy who's ass is sitting right there
And he doesn't write about anything local TV radio
Very, very seldom
Never about local radio
I mean, maybe once a year
Here's the poll speaking of local radio from yesterday
Other than WQAM
What radio station do you listen to most?
Radio Stasiolan
Okay?
I don't listen to other stations
284, how many votes have we had before I chopped this baby off?
1611
Wasn't that the frequency of the former fan 1611 I think so
284, 17 and a half percent dullest in other stations and we love them dearly
We want to give me to kiss
Well, from a distance
There you go
Serious 232, I must be the sperm factor, isn't it?
How it's sperm?
Must be
W-I-N-Z that's scared America is in...
What?
170
Waxi-790, that ticket, 143
8.8 percent for the ticket
Well, that must be the Sid Rosenstein Berg audience
He's still there?
God, it must be a record
I bet your feral is jealous of that record
It's been there longer this for us days
Anyway, WLRN 141
Wow, and that was like a little bit of a late addition
If we can use that expression as a copyrighted late addition
Cool, let's check
With Wolflet's Cree
Is that like the situation room?
XM 125, Joe Kostello got little blurb and Jim Sartey this morning to sunset
Your close personal buddy, Joe Kostello
Who's going to be doing some NASCAR crap from Homestead this weekend
At a boy, Joe, you go
Don't call me please
W-I-N-Z 100
That's the right wing fairy tales
I don't know what that's all about
You wouldn't think that 6.2 percent of our audience
Listened most to that proper gang, proper gang, do you?
Did that right wing swill?
What would they do?
Those are the talk show groupies, I guess
WBGG Big
That's Rod and Young Paul 80
I can't imagine anybody listen to the music they play
The music of the 70s and 80s
Yesterday and tomorrow and crap
Magic speaking of crap 70 votes
With all due apologies to my good friend Rick Shaw
And your good friend Ron St. John
Yes
What do I ever happen to Joe Johnson?
Remember Joe's Johnson?
No
Yeah, he was dating Linda Thornton
And then she had the audacity to die?
No
Well what a sweetheart she was
Yeah, Joe Johnson come on
He was on magic for a long time
He was on gloves 94, I think he's been around
I'll take your word for it
Cone
WKIS KISS 51
It's just ain't what he used to be
Now the Johnny Dark is there
Well I know what a shame we can't play that jingle no more
Let's see how much of it we can play
Johnny Dark said it
There, I was pretty good
Right, that'll do
Didn't even get either a salabel on there
Kind of little piece of each
Coast 28
Gloves 94, 26
All the soons all the time
Power 96, 19
19 punks wasn't that crap
Slime and jamma crap
WKPX Piper High 17
Which you say you can't hear it no more
Because your signal's in the middle
WVM 15 for the Mike Rosenthal show
You made a mistake, oh boy
W news time is 202
Oh god, you're right I should write a book
Even if I'm the only one that reads it
Well you'd read it
Yeah, I have somebody read it to me
Right, no that would be a toy
Would it do that?
WRM 15, WEDR 14, WM GE SMAGMA radio 14
Now what's that one?
No spanish
Oh, that one's over here, yes Spanish
That was the one that used to be she
What's the frequency?
I'm very important
It is
Is that the one, I love it
No, that's the one that would be a mine
It used to be Zeta, no Zeta
It used to be Zeta, oh, all these used to be
You know just like us we used to be popular
WHDR 13, Y100
What?
Remember the days when there was so many
Really talented people on the earth's market
Remember those days?
Yeah, I do what I was a kid
What, yeah long time ago
Then they all vanished
WJNA 9
Oh get out of here
We actually put that on there
For wine, Mike, and his jingles
WFTL, it's 857
They actually believed that Steve Laffa
And his group of lapdogs
And Bob Eisenberg, he by the way, Bob
You're a whole too
Or I'm sorry, an F-ing hole
WQVA, La Cubanissima 5
Waves 4, WAVS, Haitian
That's for the Haitian hater out there
That guy, Maniac
I've got a bunch of Haitians
Traces calls and go to us to speed this
Not on them
We'll trace out and call and give his address out of the air
Yeah, that's right
Give us your phone number and your address
This time you go and give it out in the road
Haitian, what do they speak?
Pattoi
Pattoi
I'm just looking at this cruise ship passenger here
Whoever he is
Oh yeah, another one
You got that story of sure
And I really didn't
That, the fire, the guy died
Oh yeah, that's old news
Oh dude
And tell your people
Oh and the comment on CNN is old
But of course when you crunch the numbers
There's these millions of people going cruise ships every
Some have actually come home alive
And not rape, did they, or a sick?
Oh wow
What a tremendous endorsement that is
WFTL7, WQVA 5, Waves 4, WSDJ3
Norspeciting place, IE
WHQT3, WAMR, radio on Moore 3
WRGP, that's FIU radio which we never heard of
And thanks to the guy that called it in, the punk 2
WNBM2, I think that's more Haitian melodies
WAQI, radio Mambi is got a pair
That's that 710 frequency
Man boy, I used to be WGBS
Oh man
And I think that 790 used to be WNWS
Snood, all snooze radio
Hey Dennis Collins, you're a genius man
WMIB1, WSUA, we find you got a Colombian
Ah, one, it's got to be a Colombian because it's
What is it called? El Cata Cón
Okay, Colombian, all Colombian drug melodies all the time
WROT, audio ritmo, WRMA, radio romancia
And WCMQ, CEMQ, none
That's pretty amazing because CMQ's got a lot of big audience but not our crowds
In fact, there's not the state that's supposed to have that very popular
No speaking lace morning show, those two very funny guys
I'll go ask some black
And go ask what are your, uh, Julio friends
Ask your mama
Now what does she listen to?
My mama
What's that with her?
She didn't listen to the radio
How do you know that?
Probably the only one
It's one of the TV watching Spanish language soap operas all day like all the other old ladies
Well good for her
Nice going honey, you go
The pitch quits it out of the way
Former you have it probably not the same ones
Or not for the same reason
No
Former Major League of War and Call Me Homey Chromardi
Oh god, this is in the very jackass
I know, either Barry or Sarni would have something of minor interest today
Call me
By the way, 567
Oh, 860
So you see some arm-truck problems?
Right
Another one of our really top-notch broadcasters
He spent last season managing a Japanese team and independent baseball league in California
He's returning to WQA, as we bring more uh, swill back to the scene of the crime
I hope Joel Bell went out and got a lot of cash and we're okay
Crow will be a host on talk shows before weekend Marlins games
He's also assisting in making a movie about his experience
How do you like that?
Meanwhile Marlins general manager, manager Joe Gerardi
And starting pitcher Don Trell will is learning to spell with Don Trell
Have struck deals to do weekly shows on 790 to ticket
All right
Better than us
Those segments, man
All those segments
Like the Eric Reed segment and the uh, what's his name?
Arrow Windbag segment
Oh god, talk about Tumau, talk about Killer
It's like Steve Kane in the baseball card shows
Narrow, Narrow, Narrow, casting
Let me have a little teeny tiny slice of that pie, please
You know that?
That teeny tiny pie
That's great radio
Right
But you can't convince these, you can't tell them nothing, man
And I'm, you're right, I've given up trying
Mark it tell you, please
Oh please, right on judge
I'll tell you
Friday, March 21st, 4th, I can't even say it, I'm tongue tied
The day the Neil finally rises up
Just like when I stormed out of it, I went into woodbying yesterday
I played a machine 200 bucks, I didn't get a spin, I didn't get a cherry nothing
So I walked another machine and flew down
And the guy comes along, puts in three coins in the machine I just left
And that machine got three grand on the line
Oh, did you puke?
I wanted to
And as I ran out last night after many hours of frustration I yelled
You just cost me $6,000
You're laughing, I'm crying
It was not a good experience
It's one of those things, you know, that's what they call a gambling
Right
That's why they say a fool in his money are soon farted
And I did
10, 13, 5, 60, WQAM being outdoors a lot in South Florida
Really needs some comfortable shoes to take good care of them tootsies
So the only place to go is Brandy shoes and pompano beats
Be sure to tell me that Brian's smuts are sensual when they last their ass off
Brandy's series major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuffies, New Balance, all the other big name brands
And all sizes for men and women
And they've been created wide widths in those hard to find sizes too
Like 106
Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in South Florida
When you see those selection value, you get it Brandy's you'll understand
I've been telling you how great they are for many many years now
I'm sure that Brian will keep them on here unlike some of our other people
Who can't keep anybody on here
Go see our good friend Arnie, he'll get to the right fitting shoes for your feet
Brandy's isn't like a department store where you have to wait forever to get service
And then the salesholds has it, oh guess what?
You like that style we don't have it in your size
The only thing that they sell at Brandy's is shoes
So you don't have to worry about size selection or service they know their crap
And they know the smell of your feet
Brandy shoes, there are 12, 19 or a federal highway in pompano beats
You'll find it between Atlantic and Copens on the east side
Can't miss it
Brandy's is open every day for your shopping convenience open Monday to Saturday till 9
And every Sunday till 5
And this week it's a great time to buy men's shoes at Brandy's if you're big
I mean your feet if your size 14 and over
Take 10 bucks off on all men's brands and check out their men's and women's hush puppies
And sale this week at 20% off what's not to like?
So be sure to get into Brandy's this week or you can do your shoe shopping right online on their website brandy's shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.16 Q-B
Friday you're best dude
Hey everybody!
The toy toy hand is back on its head
The toy hand is back on its head
The toy hand is back on its head
Come on and join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Oh, you think they're big guys?
Hey everybody!
What's the secret toy toy you don't know?
Don't know, they're a truck that's back and shabble up from the top
And they get toy
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
Yeah, join
And say something about toys
I said they're big guys and I was gonna tell you what that is
I'm doing what I was right now.
What are you doing?
I'm going to say I'm shopping for jelly shoes.
What are you doing?
I'm over here.
I am.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
I'm over here.
Hey, he's yelling like a fella.
And I need a little bit of that to honeydew melons,
but I'm here.
And 10, 19, and 5, 60, WQM.
Here's today's pool.
It's one we did years ago.
And now it's really something to see the way
the deck has been shuffled, you know?
By the way, Harrison has uploaded that the first time in
2001, July 9th.
Wow.
Five years ago.
Yeah.
Holy moly.
See, this is the thing.
No, tell us we repeat the same pool over and over again.
Or George does like that one.
What?
Blank, blank, blank.
That's the third one.
I like that too.
Every time that's.
I'm going to start doing that every day.
What?
I mean, they've answered your own calling.
But anyway.
Yeah, that's true.
George says we had faxes this morning.
People who don't understand this pool.
If you don't, you must not speak it in ways.
I mean, this is this straightforward and literally straightforward.
We probably ought to add on here a couple of things.
I hate this pool is none there.
Right.
And also none of these, I'm gay.
We had that on there one time.
Yeah.
I have to forget you.
No, don't forget it.
That's how I keep forgetting.
Oh.
What?
They're gay people out there, you know?
No.
Me too.
No, I can't.
I'll get it.
I'm here.
Which of these women would you most like to see naked?
Do you haven't seen naked already?
Jessica Alba, 46.
Now, the first time we did this five years ago, Jessica Alba,
I think the audience would be interested in these things.
Was asked to do with naked chicks.
Jessica Alba had 36 total and she's already got 46.
Right.
And that was out of 1100 votes.
She's made a level of high profile movie.
Well, I'll be damned.
And she makes that great chocolate drink, that Alba.
Jessica's doing very well.
Jessica's doing very well.
Better than the one that was on that plane.
The child pilot.
Oh, yeah.
Jessica Simpson wasn't even on the first one.
Five years ago, whoever heard of that pitch, 42.
So you made her popular once she was on this show and you went...
That's what it was.
Mm.
Got her to resident.
Maybe it was Nick that made her popular by pointing out what a bubble hit she was.
He made her something, but not pregnant.
Well, when we were to make her pregnant, they would have had to do something.
Barbara and Janet Bush, the president's daughter, is 38.
Now, the interesting thing is they were third the first time.
They had 85 votes the first time.
And that amazing.
They had to have sex.
I'm sure that's because they're sad.
They're a set.
Yeah, no, I think it's the embarrassment factor that causes most people want to see them naked.
I mean, plus maybe they got something there.
But I think just for humiliation, a nice centerfold and playboy would be nice.
Or maybe a nice centerfold and playgirl, a fat ass governor, Jeb Bush.
Jennifer loved Hewitt, 34.
Let's see how did she do it.
She had...
She did okay the first time.
She was top 10.
Shakira is moving on up to the east side, baby.
25 and why not?
We love Shakira.
She only had 11 votes the first time.
And the whole poll.
Jennifer Aniston, who, yeah, she had 14, the first poll.
She's already got 21.
You don't think that's because she's been in the news a lot lately and she's been locked in the basement.
No, that's not because they're in the news.
We locked.
Heather Lockley or 20, Dali Parton 20.
And again, George is very dismayed about the other corner stand.
Sure, I'll take a look at him.
But no, I agree.
You could go watch LC DeBoard and Cower Oprah and see a similar situation.
Ooh.
All right.
Or you can just go back in the sales department if you want to see big boobs.
Hang about.
Dali Parton, she had 29 the first time.
She's got 20 already.
She had...
What?
Yeah, she's moving on up.
Anna Cornelhoid, 20.
Now, she came in second the first time but she's slipping badly because most of the guys realized that she's got pre-trunks for leg.
That's right.
I'm telling you, she's...
I'm looking at a post-18.
You know what I'm saying?
Was Beyonce on the first one?
I don't know.
She must have been.
She must have been.
She only had six votes the first time.
Now, she's got 18.
Sandra Bullock, 17.
I don't understand that.
Right.
I don't know.
She did much better the first time.
She was way up there.
Since she fell on the stairs, because she's already...
She's only got 15.
There goes Sandra.
To me, she's like...
I mean, what do I know?
You know?
But to me, she seems so...
Frigid.
Cold.
I mean, cutesy, but definitely not sexy.
You know what I'm saying?
She seems in a sexual way.
Like, sterile.
She's, you know, like too clean.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And an antiseptic.
Anaceptic.
That's it.
Not to be confused with Anna Cornelhoid.
Barbara Eden 14.
Well, the genie came out of the bottle and make it.
I wish.
Friggy's spirit is salamete a trace.
Yeah.
Oh my goodness.
13 votes she had.
I heard she had, if the one three, the first time, but with the one after it, 131.
Uh-huh.
And as she's only got 13, boy, you got what it used to be.
She's gived out.
Tainted goods.
Oh, God.
Uh, Jerry Ryan 12.
I don't know who that is.
She was on a Star Trek series.
She's done some other, uh, like, TV stuff.
Sit cozy.
I see.
Well, she had 25 of first times.
So she's consistent.
Faith Hill 12.
Sarah Michelle Jeller 11.
What about that bits that we all hate?
What tells her name that I always miss her name up?
I don't know.
Can you hit?
Oh, yeah.
You know who I'm talking about.
Really, Nidalee Nasty knows.
Uh-uh.
Jessica Biel 10.
I got to be honest with you.
Okay.
Because I know good looking people when I see him.
And I, I just checked out the website just to make sure that I wasn't dreaming.
She ain't much Jessica Biel.
Oh, sorry.
She looks like Howard G.
He's phenomenal.
I don't know what she's doing.
No, she's not phenomenal.
Go, do a Google on that, bitch.
Look at her.
She's got her own page with all these photos, you know.
I'll send you some pictures.
Oh, I see.
Uh, by the way, I just want to take this opportunity to point out that you misspelled her name
since you always do it to me.
No, no.
I picked Eric's fault.
Oh, yeah.
I picked it.
I picked it.
Uh, B-E-A-L-E.
Like Howard's wrong.
That's wrong.
B-E-E-L.
B-E-L.
That's how he spelled it.
No, no.
That's how it is spelled.
That's how he spelled it.
B-E-A-L-E.
Who did?
You did.
Yeah.
Just, you know, point out your mistakes.
Up yours.
Wait until you see the next trick.
I'll decimal points.
I told you it's a bad idea to point out of the steak stretch.
That was a big mistake.
Yeah, it was.
I tried to tell you that.
No, you're right.
I'm going to slow learner.
Uh, Jessica B-E-A-L-E.
I'm at how you just spell it.
And she's still on the effect rate.
Daisy point, Daisy point.
So, Fia, I'm here.
I don't trust you.
She don't look that great.
She's, she's, she's the number one.
She's the number one.
She's the number one.
She's the number one on the poll.
She's your vote?
Well, I voted for Shakira because, uh, whatever.
To make me happy, yeah.
Nikki Cox, 10.
Mariah Carey is scary, 9.
Now, that is scary.
That, that should be illegal.
Uh, Tiffany, in fact, she should never be allowed to take her clothes off.
Tiffany Amber Thieson 9, Cindy Margolis 8.
I want to see circumspect.
Christina Avogate 8.
I noticed Janet Reno didn't make it this year.
Winona Ryder 6, Melissa Joan Hart 4, Gwen Stefani 4, Martina Hingus 4.
Oh, God.
We could put with a tennis trick.
T. L. E. O. Neat 3.
I don't even know what she looks like.
Somebody else, who Maria Hingus?
Yeah, somebody with a lot of honor.
Like the governor, California.
T. L. E. O. Neat 3, Vivica Fox 3, Tara Banks 3,
How about Stanley Banks?
I think he's dead.
Oli Landry, Oli 3.
Christine Aguilara, the mousey bitch 2.
Elizabeth Filarski from Survivor 2.
Oli Larter 2.
We got two Oli.
Her name's Hasselbeck now.
Probably should be.
It means that Elizabeth Filarski.
Oh, she got married.
And got a two-pitter name.
Not to David Hasselbeck off.
Julia Roberts 2.
Christine Brinkley 2.
Rebecca Gay Hart.
What is it again?
Gay Hart has got one.
Jenny Garx has got one.
Tony Brinkley 2.
Braston 1.
Bridget Wilson 1.
None of them.
I'm gay.
None.
I hate this pool of none.
Need Campbell None.
Lauren Holley None.
And Jules Asner None.
Ed Asner, I don't have any either.
Although that would be kind of funny.
That'd be a hoot.
I guess if I could see Ed Asner, Nick,
it would make me feel better about myself.
Although not too much.
All of us.
27 past 10 at 5 60 W. Kim.
Don't forget, Gildi, we got that big Panther Ranger game tonight.
Any interest?
No.
It's going to be big.
It's big and big.
If you want a big, big, big out, man, the Animal Coast is where you'll always find it.
I mean, we're talking about a feast.
Bring a hearty appetite.
And just a few bucks.
That's all it costs.
The Animal Coast is Florida's number one Asian-Groway buffet.
That's what they say is to get restaurant review and that's on I-Tedic, because I've eaten
there a zillion times.
And boy, everything is fresh, crunchy, delicious.
There's nothing soggy and the moushy sitting out there for hours at the Animal Coast.
And now every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend, you can enjoy lobster festivity
during main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night at the Animal Coast is cramp fest.
We're lasking snow crablers.
By the way, when you go to the Animal Coast and you see Richard, Tom, the Leafs really suck.
Every night at the crab fest with lasking snow crab, legs dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on the half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
Count them.
Tom Lion, you're a dian.
The Animal Coast also serves juicy New York sticks, cooked away 11-and-hand car prime rib.
And zillions and zillions of Chinese and other delights too.
And on the weekends for dessert, be sure and leave some room for the Animal Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
It is huge.
You can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, other decadent treats, shove those babies right in there.
And while you're at the Animal Coast, be sure to check out their new Auditonite sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki, whatever the hell that is.
Over 20 different types of sushi rolls, stir and right back egg in much more.
The Animal Coast 3 can be in locations of serve you when you have a big hearty appetite like this weekend.
This is the place you're going to love.
They're in sunrise, sunny-hals, beach, and pepork pies.
Reservations suggested, call 954-572-3822.
572-3822, they are unbeatable, the Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 162-8-8.
Love's Neil Rogers.
Yes, you've heard about the place of Jesus on a piece of toast, the place on a bagel, even on a potato chip.
Now you can eat like the King of Kings with a new God of Puckets,
little round taste treats with a plaky crusts and the place of God, or maybe with an elephant, on us.
Just lay your hands on the benton in the toe of them, and in just minutes they are hot as hell.
Jesus, are hot.
Yes, you can have them for breakfast.
Yes, has them for communion, or a heavenly midnight snack.
Also available in kosher.
When you smell the burning bush, you know they're ready.
Go to pockets from the makers of Muhammad Bites.
Right next to the pie, I'm mode in the priest's section.
Say I mean.
It's 1033, Amen.
So George Fax is to tell me, and let's see, here's the facts first of all, and George has a comment.
Jessica Alba's news is the facts from the sleeping dictionary, 2002.
I saw the movie New Zealand last year, down under.
Right.
I saw all of them.
It was an obvious body double.
It wasn't Jessica.
No, it was.
They're kind of like, what's your name?
What's your name?
Legials.
Right.
Who wouldn't get naked in Lou Lagoon?
I saw the movie too, and by the way, you know, they're dead.
And don't anybody call in Halle Berry's, because we saw her Berry's in the monsters' balls a minute many times.
We could probably put Lindsay Lohan on there.
Okay, go ahead, Lindsay Lohan.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I want to see her naked.
I want to see a lot of people.
Well, it's upon a time, but then she got, I don't know, a washed out.
What's your name?
Hillary Duff.
If you're going to put those kind of people on.
Okay.
You want to put Hillary Duff on there?
How is she about 10?
Yeah.
Well, you probably want to see her naked.
Yeah, okay.
591 votes on there.
And I know, seriously, how old is she about 18?
I don't know, but every time we have one of these, you know, the same.
She was to me, Hillary Duff.
She was about 10.
Yeah, she was about for me.
But people walked her.
That's how the Siberian say, niche from here.
Jessica Simpson, the two Jessica's are fighting it out.
Big time.
I got a good battle going on.
It's good.
As opposed to the first time when Brittany ran away from Antiquant and Hoya.
Those were one, too.
Boy, five, huh?
I was going to say she's 19.
Hillary Duff?
Yes.
You fairy.
Duff is 19.
I don't care who you are.
You fairy.
Wow.
Well, I take a one thing that Duff might say.
She came in this morning and gave me more double talk than Al Kelly.
But a beat, but a boop, but a bit of it.
He sure fits in that sale department like a rubber glove right now.
Like a rubber glove in your...
Wrecked him.
Wow.
And from what I hear, he's got plenty of expertise.
W to QAN.
Hello.
QAN.
Hey.
Good morning.
How you doing?
Good.
You don't want to surprise us.
You don't do it.
No, I don't.
George does.
No.
George, when Junior Shotcone said, because I'm a langa.
And I think that means calm of 50.
I don't know.
He don't know.
What do you know about the story?
Talk to some of the Ocarina's fans.
Okay.
So I guess I obligatory since you mentioned it.
I got to do the story about the accrues ship.
Look, I...
Well, when I think about the new folks, what was in your money?
Right.
A Caribbean cruise vacation for more than 2600 people was over today after a fire ignited
a board of cruise ship, charring 150 rooms and leaving a passenger dead and 11 people injured.
Dead.
The EAD in other words, ain't coming back.
We believe the best course of action is to terminate the current cruise in Montego Bay,
Princess Cruise, the seventh statement late yesterday.
All passengers currently on board will be flown home of them over the next two days,
and will receive a full refund of their cruise and their airfare.
Well, isn't that awfully a gentile of them?
How are Gentile?
The rising sun, they showed a big charred spot on the star princess, evidence of the fire
that broke out on the pre-don darkness yesterday.
A large ship, looking like a fuel barge, was more alongside the star princess of the Montego Bay
docks.
About 1600 people expected to fly out today in the arrest tomorrow, said Paul Pentecook,
to make his director of tourism mon.
Four passengers were being treated today of Cornwall Regional Hospital on a hill overlooking
the cruise ship in the harbor, he said.
We consider ourselves very lucky, said Pemons Pass of Toronto, told the AP after he and his wife
were evacuated yesterday with some other passengers from Toronto away.
When we got out of our state room, there was someone lying in the hallway passed out.
He was being attended to, but it was very, very scary.
Kind of like Luca Bratzis, a very scary guy.
A smoldering cigarette is suspected as the cause of the blaze, said Horace Peterkin,
president of the Jamaica Hotel and Tourist Association, who toured the ship after it docked here.
You know, all the flying that I've done over the years, cross the Atlantic and all over the US and Vegas and you know.
Never saw anybody die on a plane.
Never saw any fire on a plane.
Any of these, all of these things.
I've never seen anybody get raked at it on the plane.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Or murdered.
All these things that seemed to happen with fear of regularity on the cruise ships.
But when you crunch the number, it said solely that.
And on these certainly not-see news networks this morning.
When you crunch the numbers, it's true, very small.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right, bitch.
When any of it, bubble head.
This is the first time such a tragedy has occurred during the history of our company were devastated by the incident.
The statement from Princess Cruz has said.
Our heartfelt thoughts and prayers were those affected by the fire.
Carl Angel, communications director for the Jamaican Polarysa identified the man who died as Richard Liffage, 75 of Georgia.
All 75 of his old enough.
Some media in the victim's home state said the name was spelled and put his age at 72.
He collapsed aboard ship and died at the 30s.
They're arguing about his spelling.
They'll make their differences dead.
The matter of how he was spelled.
After the fire started around 3am, Thursday, passengers grabbed life jackets and raised two muster stations.
Julie Benson spoke to him and for Princess Cruz's wishes owned by a mining-based cardinal corporation.
Oh, yeah, the cardinal corporation.
Evil doers.
They put the Mickey in your life.
They slipped it to you.
The crew put out the fire.
Then did a cabin by cabin search to check for victims and make sure that everyone else was safe, she said.
The state princess, the star prince, is sailing from Grand Cayman to Jamaica.
Oh, Grand Cayman, while they deserve it then.
When the place started, reportedly built a cost of over $430 million.
It has forced running pools, half of those restaurants, dining rooms, and a casino.
A casino.
It's just crossed for $6,000.
Two theaters and several nightclubs.
It stretches about three football fields long.
David Halton was on his honeymoon when he and his rider walk in their cabin smelling smoke and hearing people running in the halls yelling fire.
It's one thing to have a smoke in honeymoon, but that's carrying a little far.
Everybody ran.
There were people in nightgowns and robes because it happened so fast. Halton was said by phone from his niggrill hotel.
The crew lowered life boats to the ship deck and instructed passengers.
All the places in the world, and I haven't been in all that many, but it seems to me that the Caribbean is the most overrated of any place that I've ever been.
Yeah.
Well, there's a person who wants to go there.
Huh?
There's a reason for us to want to go there.
I noticed that on the preceptal wheel torture that a lot of the trips which I guess is the real key point, they keep giving trips to the Caribbean.
Like, hey, you're going to the Caribbean and I'm thinking of myself big, Simmons, man. Who cares?
I'd rather take the cash. I'll speak in the medias.
Unless there's some surprise every reason to believe in.
But he probably would be.
Good place for you, Rick. There's the half-reventilating Ricky Tiki-Sad, shares that jackass in summer Tennessee,
with that, though, that brought the shot her, uh, minister husband, alleged, the pastor.
She's going to be charged with first degree murder. Well, he probably had a coming.
Speaking of that, oh, in a good old time religion, I got that atheist who had come up right after the break.
A lot of stuff here today.
And we got four full hours today before Gully at the end of the center, starts with at the Hockey and about hockey again.
Hockey, hockey, hockey, that's why Green once said.
Close personal buddy.
20 before 11 at 560 WQM, market down on account.
I'd never finished that thought before. Today is the day we take care of all family business on this show.
You're right. I'm wrong.
You didn't write it there.
There it is.
Yeah, did you write it down? Mark it on account. You're back at the table.
I'm going to break it up.
Today is the day. Neil finally, uh, emancipates himself from the stress and, uh, strike.
Clean your brain.
That's right.
I don't care.
I'm going to be just like the bees. They just like Joe Bell, just like Chris Jones, just like the sales department, the engineering department.
I don't give a crap. How's that?
That's my new model for the rest of this year and for the rest of my life. I don't give a good crap.
That's it. We would have played that Chris Darden drop once upon a time. But, you know, no, yeah.
Well, let's see how it out. It's got a masterful.
No, no, wait. It's got what?
A masterful leap.
Oh, it's okay.
Oh, it's your knee.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
That's okay.
There's only two letters there.
Shh. Don't say them.
Uh, the rest of it's missing. That's fine.
New vocars. Nice job. By the way, NeoJTrow.
You and your girlfriend there.
Oh, God.
19-11, a QA and beach Ford has gone mad.
It's madness and March all this month at beach Ford.
They just missed having a record month last month.
So they plan to break that record this month during March.
Right now, extended camp Ford F-150s at beach Ford are as low as 249 bucks a month.
You pay only $995 down plus fees with a proof credit in 39 monthlies.
What's not to like?
Madness and March at beach Ford means you've got to be mad.
Not to take advantage of fantastic rebates and discounts up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles.
And if you're not in the market for a new car, but no somebody who will send them into beach Ford,
because if they take the liberty during this month, beach Ford will send you $200 in cash.
And because that money comes from their advertising budget, they won't tack the 200 bucks extra on your friends' price and make them a former friend.
Don't miss out on this once-year event.
Beach Ford's madness in March extended camp Ford F-150s as low as 249 a month.
Discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and 200 bucks in cash just for referring a friend.
So hurry on in, you'll find beach Ford two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street, Westix, and Highway.
Here in Tia, I'll bet you Josh Deros' life on it.
You'll love your beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Roger returns to the owner of this, a spy 60-fam A.M.
You can't.
Where the bag is?
You've failed.
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a two-bit report.
Now, as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febecker and Mary Kay combined.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Here are the dulcet tones of the men who brought you crime check.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Rick Sanchez sings.
You love his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
Oh, God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
How can I help a notice in for anybody say,
Oh, I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
I don't know what idiotic I would look better.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
It's not a good movie.
Even though atheists are a few in number, it says here, how do they know that?
There's a lot of people say they're agnostic like George's.
They lie even though they're really atheists.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Not formally organized and relatively hard to publicize.
Not formally organized and relatively hard to publicize.
I sure they are.
I guess these people don't know the Minnesota.
It's right next door Wisconsin.
The American atheist and the gang lord.
What is the name of the group?
Oh, that's the freedom from religion.
Freedom from religion foundation.
But that's an atheist organization.
They're right there Wisconsin.
They could throw a rock right across the lake to that from Minnesota.
What about you, Indians?
Their scene is a threat to the American way of life by a large portion of the American public.
And of course, a large portion of the American public is, but what about brainwashed and ignorant and superstitious?
Atheists who account for about 3% of the US population it says here offer a glaring exception to the rule of increasing social tolerance over the last 30 years.
So 30 minutes is Penny Agile, associate society, sociology professor and the studies lead researcher Penny Agile.
She also argues that today's atheists play the role that Catholics use and comments to play in the past.
They offer a symbolic moral boundary to membership in American society.
It seems most Americans believe that diversity is fine as long as everyone shares a common core values that may stem trustworthy.
And in America that course historically been religious, she says.
Oh, how sad.
Many of the studies respondents associated atheism with an array of moral indiscretions ranging from criminal behavior to rampant materialism and cultural elitism.
And she all believes a fear of moral decline in resulting social disorders behind the findings.
Oh yeah, in a country where we're slaughtering people like cattle, we're shooting people up like killing pigeons in the park.
And they're worried about a social decline, moral decline.
Americans believe they share more than rules and procedures with their fellow citizens.
They hear an understanding of right and wrong, as she said.
And how could anybody know right from wrong unless you got the Bible?
The good book says, still the children of their disobedience, still them to death.
Our findings seem to rest on the view of atheists as self-interested individuals are not concerned with a common good.
A lot of crock of crap that is.
It seems to me that atheists are terrified for the common good and try to protect people from themselves, which is just the waste of time.
It's like the QAIM thing, same thing.
The research is also, I mean, what do you do with people that are inculcated with crap that are forced to repeat the same rituals over and over and over crossing themselves and doing the Hail Mary's and doing a whole Medrasim business there,
just repeating the Koran over and over again, or going to shul and repeating a bunch of Hebrew words that they have no idea what they're like.
By real Khatthad or no Aikasahoye, who knows what that means?
The research is also found acceptance of rejection of atheists is related not only to personal religiosity, but also to one's exposure to diversity, education and political orientation,
with more educated East and West Coast Americans more accepting of atheists than their Midwestern county parts.
Still like them people at Omaha, I'm sure look at them.
And as far as all this crap about moral value, Manero Horni is the most promiscuous people in a whole country.
He's a more midwestern people.
You know that from your days in Montana, I do.
Oh brother.
Those are the, what do they call her states, the corn fed states?
No, the Bible bill.
No, that's the South.
No, no, that's not the South. The Bible bill is not the South.
What are you talking about?
Remember what I told you earlier, Josh, is degree.
That's right. I'm sorry.
The Bible bill is like the Midwest and parts of the South, like Tennessee, but it's like Oklahoma, which is South.
But it's also like Nebraska, Iowa, huh?
Yes.
Is Nebraska in the South?
Yes.
Oh, compared to me, yes.
Here's one that says, can you add this to the poll?
None on my heterophimale.
It says Lisa.
I heterophimale who likes polls, she said that's cute.
Well, we can put Tom Brady on there for you.
Or maybe what's his name?
I just said, what is his name?
Petarast?
Oh, I'm going to remember that?
I don't know what his name is.
That's strange name.
He still looks pretty good.
Sam.
Sam and Dave.
Sam and Dean from the, whatever that, the supernatural.
When they sleep in the same room, by the way, Josh is very considerate that they may be doing something.
And if so, he would like to see it.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh my God.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
Any questions?
Tonight on another thrilling 24, Jack Bauer is faced with more than he bargained for.
As someone is out to unleash a nuclear bomb.
We're nerve-gassed.
We're some other way for destruction only.
He can see to you, can stop.
But just as he has a lead, that person is shot.
Or thrown down the well.
Or the wife's killed.
Because as he orbs, he was going to tell Jack what he needed.
The answer is...
Meanwhile, back in C2U, there's dirty work of looks.
As someone's a double agent.
They're a triple agent.
Or a double triple agent, vice-removed.
And then Jack has to shoot someone because they made it mad.
When I wouldn't talk, or just because they deserve killing.
That's the story.
Tonight and every Monday only on 24.
And only on 5.
It's 11.15.60 W.D.Q.A.M.
So anyway, George emails me a whole bunch of photos of Jessica Beale, including her with a song and a dance about.
She was the chick on 7th Heaven, well good for her.
She's okay.
I want to pick her up.
She looks like she's all sweaty. That's why you like that picture.
That's right.
She's got a good hooter.
She's saying, yeah, her body's better than her face.
Let me put it out.
She's okay.
Let me say it again.
Her body's better than her face.
She's all right.
But if you want to see some grainy nasty pictures of her, so will the real Jessica Beale please undress.
Now what about that Jewels Asner chick?
What kind of a name is that for a lady?
Jewels.
I don't know what kind of a name it is, but-
Well, she don't have any votes.
I'll tell you that.
Great. Nobody knows who she is.
She's on a nude.
Yeah, that's who.
She was old as a head asner.
I doubt it.
She don't have any votes.
Neither does Lauren Holley.
Neither does none.
I'm a heterosexual female.
Well, how do you like that?
What is that?
We have no heterosexual females now that we put that on there for Lisa who had-
It was a good point.
We left that off.
I mean, we've even got-
I'm sure that I hate this poll is doing okay.
Where is it?
I hate this poll 12.
See?
And none of them I'm gay.
Nine.
Oh, nine reminds me of Robert Creepie.
Yeah, I know.
And the question, two.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Gay.
WDQYM, hello.
Green.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
Good.
Joel Zazner, UCIe, she is Ed Azner's daughter-in-law.
She's a hazard by marriage.
I see.
And she's actually me, if you ask me.
And the same for Jessica Beel, sir.
You're actually right about her.
I just-
I am-
Overrated.
Fastly, vastly.
And you know what?
Actually, but some of my best friends are.
But listen, sir.
You talked several weeks ago about the-
I have to go about parking the panther games.
Yes.
Are you aware that across street from Proclair Stadium there, the mix is building a super wall mart?
And they will have to build the great wall of China to prevent people from parking there during the off-screen kick-
Oh, well, that'd be bad if they will park at wall mart and come across to probably be shot at an eye street there.
I think this is a trial balloon by H Wayne that if-
Well, he's letting the panthers do this.
If they can charge five bucks across the street from-
10 from wall mart?
At least, I would think.
Well, I think-
I-
You're my birthday in February 29th and I consider your anniversary my gift every year and I appreciate everything you do.
Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart. See ya.
See ya.
Bye.
He's right and you're dropping all the middle gate.
Yeah, he must be getting out to think gender-indicisive deals hot.
Or blind or something like that.
Well, the pictures you sent me leave me kind of limp.
Now, well, what is this thing you just-
Oh, isn't me.
Somebody said-
The Bible bell?
The graphic, yeah.
Okay.
I put it in Wikipedia.
Well, I guess what?
This is not very good because it doesn't have Nebraska on there or Colorado or Wyoming or Idaho.
Many of the states in the Midwest are also considered to be part of the Bible bell.
Indiana is not included.
It's got a black and then of course South Florida is left out of the rest of Florida, right?
It's from Wikipedia.
Oh, it's from Wikipedia.
We'll work this.
This just-
I guess that's supposed to be-
Well, of course the deep South, we know that.
But the Bible bell is another way-
They do a Google on it and see what it says.
All right.
I'll do a Google on it right now.
Do do that.
The Jules Aznaram getting some pictures of the Jules Azar.
How many sawdows?
Of Jules?
Pretty sure I was just-
It's like gay guy that just called him-
He was Mia so he's either blind or gay or both.
Oh, he said Jessica Beale.
He said both of them.
No, he said-
Oh, okay.
He said Jules Azar is Mia's supposed Jessica Beale saw the blind gay guy.
Wikipedia, the-
I don't want that.
Don't get that.
An area in which evangelical Protestantism is a pervasive or dominant part of the culture.
The best known Bible bell covers the number of Midwestern and Southern states.
Midwestern and Southern states.
Okay.
Bible bells can also be found-
Oh, this one I see-
This is where this picture came from.
Because the same thing is popping up here in red.
Bible bells can also be found in other countries including Canada,
OEO, Horton, Lekin, Albertall, and Cowboys, Australia, and some parts of Europe.
The name derives from the perceived overriding importance of the Christian Bible
among evangelical Christian thought and practice.
And the U.S. is stronghold of the Bible bell,
the stipulate you see in the South through the colonial foundations of Protestantism
and the culture of the religion.
Major forms were tied water anguicism after the Church of England and
after the Church of Scotland.
Oh, the Scottish.
I thought they all got killed off.
Oh, I see it like here.
Kansas, Virginia, Northern Florida, Tennessee.
Oh, yeah, hallelujah.
Oh, this is pretty interesting.
Oklahoma which I mentioned to you, or O'Rourke, Ainal Roberts is there.
Right.
Texas goes about misery.
And would you say misery is in the South?
It's like, right, and to me misery is in the Midwest.
It's like that that's the Scent Center of the County of Missouri.
Show me where it is.
Right.
The show it to me is there.
In Canada, the term is also sometimes used to describe several disparate regions
which have a higher than average level of church attendance.
Oh, these include the majority of rural southern Alberta and Sats-Ketjuan,
parts of the Manitoba, the Fraser Valley of British Columbia,
the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, MSB, where Fraser Downs is,
and the St. John River Valley of New Brunswick.
In Australia, the term usually refers to tracks within individual cities.
For example, the Northwestern suburbs of Sydney focusing on the Bacchum Hills,
and Northeastern suburbs of Adelaide focusing on Paradise,
Mord Modbury, and Golden Grove, coconut grove, whatever.
Okay, see the Bible Bill.
It's all over the day.
See, the thing about the Bible Bill is those folks are generally loosening their belt
and doing a lot of that stuff.
Yeah, they are.
I mean a lot with animals too.
With anything, anything that's moving or an even a stationary like a tree.
Well, they're animals anyway, so.
Let them lose their souls.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, I got this pretty interesting, and it's by the fact you kept going like that,
just because you don't like just a bill.
I mean, you don't think that's a bill.
It's because it's hot as a firecracker.
Does that make you, is that what it is?
I mean, this bad eye said.
Or maybe this bad taste.
I don't know.
There are people with bad heart attacks, blurry vision.
Is that what it is?
That's it.
WQYM, hello.
Not quite familiar with this word.
Okay, we are.
We're familiar.
AESS, that's the first syllable.
Come in QYM, hello.
Yeah, John.
No, this is Neil, aren't John?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I'm good.
What should I do with you every time?
Hey, Neil, the Bible bell, I can confirm the brascist is part of it.
It's Missouri.
It was the Missouri.
Is that the Taiwan?
Well, it's so the Nile would Tennessee for sure.
Indiana.
Indiana, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Alabama.
Right.
Okay, but it doesn't go any further north of the Mason Dicks.
That Bible felt strong in Tennessee.
Well, it doesn't go north of the Mason Dicks in line.
I thought the Nebraska was so certainly north of the Mason Dicks in the United States.
You got it.
So it was Iowa and so it was Montana.
But I grew up with the brass man.
I saw you.
It's a Wyoming.
It's a Bible bell, buddy.
Where are we?
What do you think?
You're in the Brazilian.
It's a Shelby.
Yeah, it's a religion.
Religion starts south in Nebraska.
That's all I could tell you.
Hey, I like Nebraska.
It's okay with me, man.
I was in the United States World Series.
It was off the state call out to their anymore.
They tore it down years ago.
How about Cassios?
I can't see it still there.
So it's not neatly as in and saying, but all the good steak houses report.
And if you're sorry, but they're the racetracks not there anymore either.
No, not at all.
And that's Nebraska spelled backwards, you know?
I know, but you're pretty smart.
Okay, me on my info that I already know.
Thanks a lot, paliers and Nebraska guy,
ex-Serb and Gilson Gatardo.
It didn't, he was good.
Tony, we've had some great causes.
We can use such a hard ass for the poll.
Victoria Secret Model Adriana Lima, the sexiest is VP.
Okay.
Adriana Lima seeking the Tony Lima.
The, uh, what was your golfer?
Yeah, he qualifies.
Lima.
See, she's from Peru.
Maybe she's Peruvian.
Sounds like it.
Adriana Lima.
Never been to Peru.
No.
But what do you laugh about?
I don't understand why you chuckle when I say this.
You see that article about the atheists?
The last paragraph was the real tell-all.
That was the tip-off.
The Americans tend to be very parochially
no little about attitudes of people around.
And those people are the ones who are like terrified of atheism.
But if you go like to Western Europe, the whole religion thing is,
most of the churches that are like that one bombed out one in Berlin, you know?
It's the leftover hangover from WW2.
There's nobody praying or worshipping in there,
or like the old church in Amsterdam.
The hookers are looking right across the, uh,
Hershey Highway there.
The hookers here.
Right across the cobblestone road.
Man, it got some bad streets.
So I think, uh, they fixed up the route of gasoline to Warmerstreet.
You can actually walk under and not fall down and break your neck.
Well, a lot of guys fall down because they're busy looking in the windows.
You know, looking in the hookers.
Which I can understand.
Although the ones there on the, uh,
well, I don't know what the name of that street is.
We're, uh, Kitty Corner, where Al Goldstein used to have the apartment.
Use the apartment, remember?
Uh-huh.
Uh, there are higher class hookers, better hookers over there.
Oh, man.
Blonde.
Well.
Next time you guys go there, you'll be very impressed.
Believe me.
Get wait.
I'm telling you, right?
I don't know.
They walk by the kind of tap on the window.
Hi, honey.
Uh, and I keep walking.
712 votes.
I keep, uh, thinking of myself.
Boy, you're brocking up the wrong tree, honey.
Well, they are.
That's what the credit is.
21 Jessica Alba 60.
What, which of these women would you like to see naked?
Do you haven't seen naked already?
Of course, some of these people in the audience,
maybe they've seen them naked like I'm close and personal,
but I sure doubt it.
Yeah, some pictures.
Yeah.
Jessica Simpson 61 has moved into first place.
She's a vote ahead of Jessica Alba.
Wow, we got a horse race.
We got a cat fight.
Right?
Barbara and Jennifer Bush, the president's daughter is 52.
Just for old time's sake, just to piss him off.
Let's see him naked.
He and each other.
Oh, all right.
Jennifer loved you at 39.
Yeah, that's what Josh is worried about.
Those brothers in that show, he's very, very concerned.
He spends a lot of time worrying about why are these two guys in their 20s?
Well, probably.
Yeah, they're about 40.
I mean, you know, they're not about 40.
Okay, we already been through this.
The ones 23 and the other guys 28.
What a Dean.
It's easy.
They're always old.
I don't know what difference that would make.
Is it more safe for guys, brothers, or 40 to be sleeping in the same room,
where if they're like in their 20s, it's dangerous.
The older you are, the gayer you are.
No, I say.
Because it seems to me that if you watch that show at all,
that they have no tangible means of income,
they're always looking for dad, so they're not getting money from him,
because they can't find him, whatever that's all about.
And so they got to be like the frugal, man.
Yeah, that's a good point.
They're always on the road.
They're traveling a lot.
They've currently caused a gas.
What do they do for money?
I don't know.
Well, I'd like to find out.
That's actually a Sam.
Oh, well, speaking of Mia since you stopped off right there at Sam and Dean.
No, it's what's her three, three name names.
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
You're doing really well on the poll.
That's the definition of Mia's.
I'm Mel C.
Shakira 38.
Anna Cornelhoia 29.
I'll log Google her in a minute.
The on-saint rolls 28.
Sure.
She's a fan.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
She's a fan.
She's a fan.
I had to care for her.
She's a fan.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
She's a fan.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
I had to care for her.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
You can Eggs!
You can Eggs!
You canaères!
You canaères!
Do you know how to activate the distributors,
and how to give other people clients
So how would you get the trampoline
Just let me know my viaductation and
In my head for a yeah, that's more like it little more little more over there
Hey sound so unique now let's review so you can really really free figure now
We're people participant
Rub完
Make me
Who's on a ge Jinping
That makes me
Ha! You tattle on fine china
If they shall give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner!
Hey you gonna nut to someone bite their fork like this?
Cause I love it!
Here, I'll do it again!
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window like back my neck?
Stop where you went!
Stop where you went!
Oh wait! I got one more!
Oh I got one more too!
As a matter of fact I just looked up a Jennifer Love Hewitt, the gallery of pictures and she said
Oh I snorke!
Yeah, yeah, talking about Mousy
Yes, you're right about that thing
Wow, it's a very much season 4th place
I know, oh my god
She's a tiny little person with big boobs, that's what that's all about
She is Mousy, she makes Christine a heart, it looks like a man
That's how Mousy she is
But season 4th place with 44 votes behind Jessica Simpson who's got 65, Jessica Alba 64
The bush daughters are 54 doing well in third, Barbara and Jenna
And Jennifer Love Hewitt's got 44, oh brother Shakira 39's right on her ass
What about Jennifer Conley? I guess we've seen her naked? No
Yes, we saw her, we did?
Yes, and what? In the hotspot first and foremost
We saw her hotspot? No, but her boobs
Oh, Chenaya 20 and 30, look at that
Bought third man!
Beyonce Moules 29 and a Cornordia 29
Heather Locklear 27
What about Kate Smith? Oh she's dead
Who?
Golly Parton 26, Kristen Dunst 25, Jennifer Amiston 23, Sandra Bullock 22, that's bad
She just, I don't know
That he's just too pristine to be naked, this is not her bag
She's a lie, we deserve bag
And Britney Spears only 20, she kicked ass the first time five years ago
I had 131, she beat Anna Cornordia by almost 50 votes
I asked you to be exact
Why?
Well I lost in the shuffle, did you see that bonus picture I sent of her walking on the street here recently
Who's that?
That Britney, bonus no
I didn't, I got rid of those pictures
Oh okay, because that's why, that's what she looks like now
Oh, Britney?
Typical white trash
Just trailer trash
Yeah
Oh she, well look what she was married to there
That's it
I think it rubbed off
Britney Spears
Thousands of demonstrators marched in Milwaukee and Miguel will come running back in for this story
This is right up his alley
Thousands of demonstrators marched in Milwaukee yesterday to oppose tough anti-immigration legislation sponsored by the Republican Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner
House Resolution 4437 would make all undocumented immigrants fell and then require all employers to verify the immigration status of its employees
All of them illegal aliens
Excuse me, illegal aliens
All right, I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
I'm going to go to the police station
She's taping her elbow here
She's taping her elbow is here
All right, you'reLCCoAs
Jessica Albbul is here
Hey Jessica, Hey Danyway
The house has already passed Sensenbrenner's bill
In Senator Bill Fist To Republican tendencies who introduced a campaigning bill in the Senate
That would also make it a felony to be in the West, without the proper paperwork George
Tomorrow your papers?
Yes, I do carry them with me every day
Post who?
The adult
That's the one you need
LIVE
Sensenbrenner seemed to say that this bill would help regain control of our borders and prevent illegal immigration
as well as help strengthen and promote our compassionate and welcoming
legal immigration system. About 30,000 protesters through the
march to downtown Milwaukee is part of a demonstration titled
Day Without Latinos. Oh, can you imagine if we had a demonstration in South
Florida called a Day Without Latinos? I think it would be a different kind of
demonstration but a lot of people would show up. In which Latinos were
encouraged, that's funny. We're encouraged to take time from their jobs to march
according to voices of the opera antenna, which organized the event. If police
spokesmen said the crowd is between 10 and 15,000 and they're saying,
but, third man, doesn't the Milwaukee business is also closed
this day in protest. A day without Latino is the theme, the theme of the Milwaukee
protest barrows its name from the 2004 comedy called Day Without a Mexican, which
California wakes up when they define its Hispanic residents have
inexplicably disappeared and they're all going, oh, yeah, the Milwaukee
march. So of course, then they can't get that cheap labor. That's right. The Milwaukee
march was won a several recent protest organized across the nation by groups
opposed to immigration bills considered by Congress. The Senate Judiciary Committee
has till Monday devoted a competing legislation, but one Senate aid said the
prospect on Senator taking action didn't seem bright. The aid call negotiations
in a sense slow going and printed a slow down and showdown over the vote.
Democrats are saying that the first and sends and measures go too far,
especially the provisions that threaten to criminalize anyone who helps
an undocumented immigrant like George. This bill would literally criminalize
the goods to Merton and probably even Jesus himself said Hillary Clinton,
little Hillary. The website for a voice a state law for Ontario, which in
Spanish means voices from the border, no kidding. States that in addition to
turning immigrants into felons and pressuring employers, since and writers
bill could also affect immigrants driving privileges and emergency
medical care. They've been a learned guest off Florida, man. The first thing you do
with illegal aliens is give the driver's license and a beat up all 57 Chevy,
right? Right. Now we're talking. The Iraq war is now as unpopular at home as
the Vietnam War was in 1968, but in the absence of a military draft in a
clear way out, Americans are taken to the streets, analysts say, except of course
for those that they without Latino or people. Protests marking the third
anniversary of the war due less than 10,000 people in major US cities
over last weekend. According to reporters and police accounts, despite
pull showing broad public displeasure with the war, well, the public is a little
like, little a tharger. Compared to Vietnam, the Iraq war is remarkable for
how quickly it lost public supports a John Mueller, a political scientist
in a house at university who makes that possible anywhere near that green
fields. By the way, George said at his publics, they were out of stock. They had
they have been there, but no green fields. They had good where it had been. My
blood sugar is great. I'm lost to five pounds. Man, I feel great. If I guess
I'm going to have for lunch today about three thirty four o'clock. I have a
man nice bowl of green fields pasta with meat sauce like olives. Oh, yeah.
Fire that ground beef and little olio oliva with two thousand dead on this
war supporters dropped to the point that it took 20,000 didn't be a nom at
the time of the 10 offensive in 68 people AFP. But if Americans aren't marching in
the streets to voice their discontent, it's largely because the alternative to
war is not clear and because in the absence of a military draft, they're
simply not affected by the conflict. This war is bad as it is, such as a
first-muller percentage of the population and be a nom did since Charles
Franklin, political science professor at the University of Wisconsin,
Madison. You do see peace rallies on the Madison campus, but you don't see
anything like the anti-Vietnam rallies and riots that you head back here in the
sixties. Not one of our students is being drafted in the military, not many
are volunteering also. You know that does dramatically reduce the self-interest
that people have in opposing the war. It leaves you with core peace activists.
They're a smaller group than certainly a son of 60s. Well, it's a different kind
of America too. You had people all foaming in the head rebellion man, open
rebellion. And of course, there was always Kent State and this one said, hey,
rebel against this. And so peace activists mean while insist the anti-war
movement is growing, Brian Becker of the anti-war coalition answer said the
group decided to focus on neighborhood-based protests instead of
mass mobilizations on the third anniversary of the war. At a rally in the
working class, Bronx neighborhood of New York, 500 people marched through a
busy commercial. There ain't got huge support. Everyone was waving,
honking their horns and taking literature. He said, these are people who don't
have the resources to get on a bus and come to Washington. Peace activists say
their meetings are drawing new faces and protest opponents have all but
vanished. A crowd of about 115 met in rural Parkersburg, West Virginia, near
the home of war, here, O'Jessica Lynch for an anti-war rally on Sunday. They came
to hear the Iraq and Iraq war veteran and the mother of a wounded soldier. For
this area was a pretty big turnout said, well, over a lot of woodcounted
Democrats, the county has lost three soldiers in Iraq. Another public
opinion snapshot will come with an April 4th ring the troops home referendum
being held in 32 municipalities in the West and Midwestern state of Wisconsin.
Organizers say a signature gathering campaign in politically diverse parts of
Wisconsin, put the issue on a ballot, but they have no idea about the
actual. Bring the troops home. Amen. Now, right now, as far as the Iraqis are
concerned, let them lose their souls.
This is Neil Raj 27, the Israelis, the Arabs, if you want to have a good
pass, they can still reach us alone. Oh, oops. Yeah. Thank God I said let me get
around the Yard. Other side there. I think Tommy got killed the audio of all. Hey
with that raspberry. Keep stalling. Keep stalling with what?
I think Tommy done it. Don't you? And by the way, we can go.
Here we go. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Greene. I made my
phone when you were going out with cheerleaders.
What's the name of that thing? It's including both the sons in the past.
What?
Right on. What's important to a man? And what can he do down over his hands?
What?
Can he dig it?
A man that shaft is one ring.
One of them. Maybe just talking about my shaft.
Until the surgery, all the ladies just pointed and laughed.
Now my shafts and little crafts, their jobs and open wide as they get.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Who you eyes at, it's 1146 14-dollard at UAM. This is one of my all-time favorite
stories. You know they say the Lord helps those who help themselves. Well that's what the bush family does too.
He's in the family.
Remember we had a story about Bush's uncle the other day, right?
Former First Lady Barbara Bush donated an undisclosed amount of money to the bush Clinton Katrina fund,
with specific instructions that they might be spent with an educational software company owned by her son, Neil Bush.
Oh God.
Since then, the ignite learning programs been given to eight area schools that took in substantial
numbers of Hurricane Katrina evacuees. Mrs. Bush wanted to do something specifically for
education, specifically for the thousands of students flooding in the Houston schools, a Jean Becker,
former President Bush who she for staff, Bush 1. She knew that HISD was using the software program and
she's very excited about this program so she wanted to make it possible for them to expand the use of this program.
I see. It's not the same program that our fat ass governor, Jim Bush,
instituted in the state of Florida. Yes, it is. Yes.
Which just happens to be developed by Neil Bush.
Who would you say savings in low-scandal guy? Right from the Silverado.
Oh, that's the same guy? That's the same guy.
Yeah. Same Neil. Bush.
Speaking of crazy people in Scientology. You're fray.
When it comes to furniture at his love for Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise just couldn't help himself.
What does he make me want to vomit?
Yep. The mega star was the guest of honor.
You know, it's what there's a lot of closet and famous people.
Okay, and they do make me ill and they got all that money and they got nothing to lose and they got nothing but no balls at all.
But the fact of the matter is he carries it to a new extreme.
You know, even Tom Seleck didn't hold his name or Michael Jackson never held his many press conferences to deny that they were gay.
Is this guy? I'm going to sue you. I'm going to sue you. Yeah, right. Sue this.
I think he's a boy named Sue.
The mega star was the guest honor at Yahoo's quarterly influential speakers event to his day at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
Batting with chief executive Terry Semel and answering questions from the crowd.
After an impromptu arm wrestling match with Semel, Cruise justingly recreated his Oprah sofa hopping episode this time on a chair.
The trumpet is joy about his fiance and their soon to arrive offspring.
He believed me. He reminds me of George Bush, you know, keeps repeating it over and over.
You believe me now? You've been buying it yet? No. Oh, then he brought the very pregnant homes onto the stage where he beamed in the house.
He's been panning around belly probably the first time he touched her. And yes, he then sealed the overload with a kiss.
Oh, that convinces me TV's inside edition broadcast a happy event last night. Aren't you excited about that?
Through the old weather kiss. I can hear Brian Howland singing right now on dot records sealed with a kiss.
Brian thought Bobby fit into that. No, he did that too, but I was a cover. You're right. Here's Brian Highland.
I'm Brian. If you'll ever start you can do a Brian. Good God. Where's the reminded me a little bit of Brandon to Wilwell, but I hate my motive. He was like, he was alright.
Hey Brian, come on. You can do it. There you go.
Dave.
By the way, speaking of Brian, tell chicken that his thing is in the air.
Hey, your chicken that is in the mail and the grimace. Let's talk up.
Nobody hits the post like that. I thought I heard Gary Louis.
Gary Louis. Did this?
Well, let me just have count me out.
We don't want to hear Gary Lewis. You actually have Gary Lewis in the that wasn't a hit from 68.
No, no. No.
Tell us me it was a top 10.
You know, I have it. It was a top 10 release.
And then if that's not good enough, yeah.
Bobby Vinton. Yeah, I'm so pretty.
Who? Yeah. We just can't get another this out. I don't know how much bowling he didn't buckle with those white socks.
Here he goes.
Oh, we got to say goodbye.
Goodbye is a good idea.
I don't see it. I'm sorry, but I don't see it. Well, I see over the kiss rate.
Number no, it was in top 20. Got to be number 19.
Okay. So I like 27 68 nine weeks.
It was a rubber creeper favorite because it was weeks on the chart.
The billboard chart. It's credible.
So you can't miss with me. What are you eating now?
I guess I was on the baker. What do you got?
Pizza from Tony.
Oh, well, we don't want to say that.
Oh, and look at that. He also did.
Gary Lewis must have had a thing for Brian Haaland because he also did save your heart for me.
First recorded by Brian Haaland in 63 was the number one adult temperate for three weeks.
Save your heart remember that.
But you got it? Save your heart for me?
Yeah. Well, that's cornball, man.
He didn't have to lose.
It was a little bit of that and love that is in the sand.
Remember? Come on here. You can do it.
Oh, yeah.
Can he sing or what?
Can he go how to have an house to sound?
Oh.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Yeah, this is 40.
Get the long distance.
Don't you have count me in?
You want to have count me in.
Yeah.
You got all these March and March.
But get the long distance.
I just heard it.
There.
Oh, bless you.
Gary, just count me in.
I'm telling you. Count me out.
Anyway, it was one heck of a count me out.
One minute, 58 seconds for that save your heart for me.
Yeah. How about the state?
I'm always waiting.
I think 148 is something like that.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get the long distance.
I'm going to get it.
Nice talk.
That's a good song.
That was his best song coming in.
This time, I'm going to bring this big of a hit.
140.
The state or East William.
140.
I told you.
In fact, now I don't have to make sure when it's two.
And songs as well.
How about the recording by Frank Stammel?
I was pretty sure.
I don't have it.
I have a record.
I did the words that I've been recording for before.
I don't have a record.
Why not?
Okay, that's enough.
The East William is in state.
It's 10 seconds long.
Be hit.
Bon suit on deck.
Oh, Josh is going to be really upset about this.
If you think he's PO about those two brothers,
stick them in the same bed.
If Barry Bonzler asks a judge this morning to seize the profits
from the explosive new book Game of Shadows,
the office attorneys will be waiting on the courthouse steps
to fire back with the lawsuit of their own.
You go, boys.
Kick his ass.
Fony.
He has no right to anyone's profits.
And he has no right to stop information.
Eva Burton.
General Counsel for the Hears Corporation,
which owns the San Francisco Chronicle,
told the Daily News yesterday,
I think these trends of success are close to zero.
In other words, just like that,
just like the numbers of the safety crosses street,
close to zero.
Michael Reigns, Bonz attorney, said yesterday,
he'll seek a temporary restraining order against the Chronicle
and the reporters, Mark,
Fainter-Rue Wata,
and Lance Williams who co-authored the book,
published your Gotham books and Sports Illustrated
which published an excerpt of Shadows two weeks ago.
Notably, the suit Reigns expected to file
in California Superior Court in San Francisco is not for libel.
Rather than challenge the facts in the book,
Bonz lost its expected argue that the writers got their information,
including secret grand jury testimony and investigators notes illegally.
He wants an injunction to stop sales of the book
and sees all profits from it.
So they don't deny anything in the book.
The author is also counter-sue under California's strong anti-slap
at stands for Strategic Laws to Begins Public Participation Statute,
which prevents parties from using the courts to stifle free speech.
Generally, the laws use to keep large corporations from suing critics to silence them,
like Walmart.
Defendants suspect Reigns is simply trying to find
some white-ledist clients' safe face.
He has to be able to say to his buddies,
I sued him in order to resurrect his reputation
said, Lord, for one of the defendants speaking on the Commission of Anonymity.
It's hard to win a libel case when the story is right.
The book's publisher is also offered on conditional support for the authors.
We had Gotham books are shocked that Barry Bonz would take such a
foolish stepcothamist in the statement,
and respected First Amendment lawyer in America knows that his claim is nonsense.
Nonsense! B.S. Barry! God!
Maybe that's what the BB stands for in his name, a BB Brain.
The book released yesterday says that Bonz started taking a hard course steroids
in human growth hormone before the 99 season,
targeting claims that the Anonymity took steroids provided by the Velcro lab.
He was shmurrinid.
Back them all over.
Anna Morshraw, California business and real estate attorney,
who successfully soon under the Slifed Statute said Bonz lost who could easily backfire.
The court's going to look at whether there's truth to the accusations.
Frankly, the guy's opening a real can of worms because he's going to have to testify
if all of these things Morshraw said.
It sounds to me like Bonz is saying, do something, come up with something.
Can't you do something to stop this?
Burton said that Bonz himself was recently partnered with the Chronicle in a style
suit against one of his former physicians, Andrew Carver, who sued Bonz and the paper.
We actually won that case with Bonz and he's about to deposit a check for it, she said.
As for the brewing legal battle, she said, this type of litigation does not strike me as reigning with validity,
meaning Bonz suit.
If range files a lawsuit today that rehearsed attorneys will immediately file theirs
whether Bonz requests a successful or not.
Fender will wait a who appeared on the sports news live yesterday,
said he's not worried about any legal challenges.
We stand fully behind the reporting for the book and our confidence, accuracy and stories,
George Corris, even though he denies it.
He says, very bonz is the greatest baseball player of the league, which we say, yeah, your mama, get out of here.
You had to be joking when you said that, of course.
No, definitely not.
Oh my God, a sack religious man, a punk like you that knows major league baseball,
you wouldn't know Willie Mays from Billy Mays, the guy that sells that smear stuff on TV.
Right, Jessica Beelie.
But what tells Jessica Beelie got to do with Willie Mays?
I'll leave her out of this.
Yeah, she did us it.
What else you got to do with Mickey Mendel and all those other Jewish ball players on Game of Thrones and Hank Greenberg and Hank Goldberg.
Gary U.S. Buzz is the new Roger's Ford Bond.
This is 516-Q.A.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
Kate Tell present over 748 of the greatest songs of love, especially for the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis.
Lady!
Lady!
With you and baby!
How many love songs for your lady, all interpreted by the love myster himself,
and a divinable superstar and a hater Jerry Lewis, and you'll hit your favorite lady's love song.
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
Lady!
And a amazing company of 748 love songs for your lady, all visually remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis!
Hi, this is Jerry, and by the way you enjoy me on Game of Thrones Records,
and they pay a very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this arosmith classic.
And as good as the girl looks like a lady.
And as good as the girl looks like a lady.
It's Jerry!
It's the little woman with a pair of wings and a high.
And as Helen Riddies hit, never sounded better.
That ain't no way to speak a lady, go away, to speak a lady, go forward.
And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super hit from a king of pop.
You are the lady with my wife, the lady.
You are the lady.
That night, Jerry Lewis!
That's 748 fabulous ladies on 35 CDs or 1338 track tapes.
All remixing audience from the original cassette masters.
And as a collection, you'll turn it to your friend who will love and your lady will never forget.
It's all yours for 17 easy payments, only 32.95, and it's only from K-Dalek.
You can tell it's K-Tel, we go!
And you wonder why his kids stopped speaking?
A lot of people thought it was from the trauma of seeing his buddies getting blown to bits and Vietnam.
That could have been part of it, but if Jerry Lewis was your daddy, you'd probably like her claim.
I doubt it.
Stay off into space a lot.
1202 at 560.
Here's the follow-up.
Here's the rest of the story on Barbara Bush, Vance, Martha Washington.
As Barbara Bush spent two hours championing her son's software company at a Houston Middle School yesterday morning,
a watchdog who questioned whether the former first lady should be allowed to channel a donation to Neil Bush's Ignite Learning Company.
Houston's hurricane Katrina relief fund.
It's strange that the former first lady would want to do this.
If her son's having a rough time, if it couldn't she write him a check?
Sedaniel Borichoff, founder of the American Institute of Philanthropy, a Chicago-based charity watchdog group,
maybe she isn't aware that people could frown upon this.
Some critics said donations to a tax-deductible charitable fund shouldn't benefit the Bush family.
Others questioned whether the Houston Independent School District violated this street policy
by allowing the company to host a promotional event on the school campus.
HISD officials said the amended Fleming Middle School where Bush met with 40 educators and binoculars
did not violate policy.
The school is among 80-year campuses that received the Ignite curriculum on wheel systems
because of Bush's donation of an underscores amount of the Bush Clinton Houston hurricane relief fund.
She gave specific instructions that part of the money be sent to the Scottish Space School Foundation.
She asked that the group in turn use the money to buy eight Ignite systems
by adding that 3800 bucks each for Harris County Schools with large numbers of hurricane Katrina evacuated
to the Bush and Fund officials.
I said to George one day, maybe it sort of selfish of me, but I'd like to give something I could see to resolve
though she told the crowd.
The thing I knew about was the cow.
Huh?
Well, she has a mirror.
I say.
She said she hopes the donation will encourage other companies in individuality
give both time and money to public schools strapped by Hurricane Katrina.
Who said her son's company couldn't have afforded the donation on its own.
They gave a lot.
They couldn't give more, she said.
They'd love to give more, but they're a small little company.
Steve Maeslin, president of the Greater Houston Community Foundation,
which is minestringly $979,000 relief fund that Bush donated to said the donation was made legally and properly.
Mrs. Bush wanted to support the local hurricane effort.
He said she could have done directly.
She chose to do it to hear to get the word out about the fund.
Fleming rolled out the red carpet for Bush, color-guided members from Wheatley High School,
and band members from Kashmir, or that Kushmir.
Kushmir and took his high school for form to be Hurricane Katrina evacuated.
We now attend Fleming spoke about why they enjoy using the curriculum on wheels.
It makes me laugh, said, vice and smith and 15-year-old Fleming student.
I really do enjoy the cow.
Well, HISD has a policy that prevents the district from endorphs from endorsing or promoting the merit of a brand name or trademark products.
Houston officials defended the event.
Nancy Lomax, a long-time parodactivist in the HISD, said the district shouldn't have allowed the event to be held during school hours.
HISD, as a matter of policy, does endorse products.
I think they're getting way off course, their own moral course, she said.
I can understand that HISD is in an awkward position where it's sent to get from a powerful person.
But for the same time, turn it around and make it a dog and pony show is disgusting, she said.
Disgusting, and it goes on.
It'll be on our website when Josh gets around.
Stop it and it regalls.
Huh?
What do these things do?
Soon they're through with lunch.
What was the lunch from?
I run this.
Yeah.
Which of these women would you most like to see naked, who you haven't seen naked already?
We got 861 votes.
We'll get to 10,000 easy today.
If we could give 1,000 votes on this, then our whole audience had to be gay.
With so far, how many we got, those kind of 17, 101.9%.
Where the hell are all the gay guys?
So you all as soon as they heard this poll, it scared them away.
Jessica Simpson, 72, Jessica Alba, 69.
Man, that is a cat fight.
They're duking it out.
I'd love to see that.
Barbara and Jenna Bush, president's daughter, 57.
They're respectable, third.
Just like they were the first time we took the poll.
Their competitors have changed on both sides all around, but they're a solid number three.
Is what they are.
Rock solid.
And well, that too.
Jennifer Love Hewitt, 49.
Nice to meet you on a P.
Shakira, 43.
Shania, 24.
Beyonce, 032.
Anna Corneloyah, 31, who's dropped way down.
Way off that big perch.
Dali Parton, 29.
They're partin.
Hard to find out where, but they're partin.
Kirsten Dunst, 27.
Jennifer Aniston, 24.
Sandra Bullock, 24.
Brittany Spears, 21.
Oh my god, down 110 from that first poll.
She has slid off the face of the globe.
Her globe has faded.
Faith Hill, 20.
Barbara Eden, 20.
Sophia Fugera, 19.
Jessica Biel, 18.
No matter how you spell it, she had much.
Daisy Fuentes, 18.
Sarah Michelle Geller, 18.
Sandra, what's her name?
They all count her, don't have any.
Nikki Cox, 18.
Janine Reno, 20 yet.
And they've been downed she'll aily, or sister Jean.
None of them, I'm gay, 17.
I hate this poll, 16.
None, I'm a heterosexual female, 14.
We got 14 women.
Straight ones anyway.
Mariah Carey, 14, with that one huge booby,
in the middle of her forehead.
Jerry Ryan, 13.
Christina Applegate, 10.
Cindy Margolis, 9.
Tiffany Amber, 19.
Winona Ryder, 8.
Martina Hinges, 7.
Melissa Joan Hart, 6.
Tara Banks, 6.
Gwen Stephanie, 5.
Christine Aguilara, 5.
As the J. Michael Wilson used to say, I'm 15 or 13.
Squeak, squeak, Rodney DeRoden.
Allie Landry, 5.
Greg Landry, don't have any.
Julia Roberts, 5.
Adriana Lima, 4.
Hillary Duff, 4.
Four for Duff, they want to see Duff naked.
Lindsay, low hand, 4.
Hillary Duff, Lindsay.
T. Leone, 4.
You think there's something symbolic there?
Maybe the Fox, 4.
I think there's...
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy!
Elizabeth Flarzky, from Survivor 4.
Christie Brinkley, 3.
Tony Braxton, 3.
Ali Larder, 3.
Jules Asner, 3.
Neve Campbell, 2.
Jerry Garth, Jenny, Jenny Garth, 2.
Rebecca Gayhart, 1.
Lauren Holley, 1.
And Bridget Wilson, 1.
Did we...
What we got Hillary Duff's got for?
Rod the Cradle, she's about 7 years old.
She's...
How old are you?
She looks about 7.
She looks...
Huh?
She's known to script.
Yeah.
Just kind of generic looking.
W.A.M., hello.
I think it's one of my checks.
Yeah, okay.
W.A.M., hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is Jennifer Gardner on that poll?
No.
Well, she should be.
What is it?
She is now.
Okay, thanks.
How about Earl Stanley Gardner?
Gardner.
How about James Gardner?
I never liked him.
What was that show he was on?
Rockford Files.
I never liked him.
Rockford Files.
That is show.
I liked it.
You liked the Rockford Files?
Mm-hmm.
That was funny.
I thought there was a cop show.
You don't like cop shows.
I was a case without it, too.
Oh, no wonder I hated it.
Phony.
Phony Bologna, I did.
It was effective.
Just give him the shaft.
W.A.M., hello.
Hey, I, Neil.
Good team, though.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Oh, guys.
Like this.
Oh, bye, folks.
Bye, boo.
Bye, boo.
Bye, boo.
Yeah.
Back action.
If you could have done it to the rhythm, that would have been something.
Yeah, right.
That would have been very good.
We could have liked your package, that and solely.
Time it could have made a promo out of it.
There's a couple of parts on it.
W.A.M., hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Good.
Are you ever talking about doing the opposite of that poll?
Who you never want to see naked?
Yeah, that's brilliant.
Who would you never want to see naked?
We'll just put ourselves out there for starting.
Yeah, just up after phone book, start writing down names.
W.A.M., hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to have to beg the differ with you in that caller earlier regarding Jessica B.L.,
she is absolutely hot.
Well, she must photograph poorly.
There are some people like that.
I looked at 80,000 pictures, they were just to try to convince me of what George was saying.
And he also emailed me about 400 more.
And she's okay.
I mean, I'm sure George and Josh have probably seen the remake of Texas came off, Massacre.
Yeah.
And that's the way she looks at Matt.
And also, there must be something in the water and pump and obiach, because I agree with Josh.
I think Barry von's is the greatest player of all time.
Okay, well, Oson, you were batting in thousands, even he can't do that.
Checks on the mail, huh, Josh?
Yeah.
Checks on the mail, sir.
Here, I'll pitch for it.
But hey, he gets it.
That guy gets it.
Yeah, he, I don't think he does get it.
That's a problem.
Oh, he gets it.
Maybe he's going to get it.
Maybe he's going to get it from Barry von's.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, maybe he and Barry can shmere a little over that cream together.
I don't want to argue with you, but I don't want to hear about it.
This first day is like, can I hear you think of it?
I'm the face of it.
And it's so ass-in-eye, I'm just saying he's the greatest baseball player of all time.
When you're such a young punk, I mean, it's idiotic.
Okay, do you want me to give you my one reason why he's the greatest player?
Better than 10 Williams.
Better than Stan Musiel.
Better than Ty's.
Better than Hank Green.
Out of the, out of the, like, the Mickey Mantle, Henry Aaron.
All of these great baseball players.
All right, let's, he's the greatest baseball player ever.
It sits in idiotic statement.
Listen to what I'm going to say.
I'll never say another thing is the greatest driver in harness racing history.
Listen to me.
I'll never say another thing.
And of all those guys you just named who are arguably the greatest players, you know, people have their opinions.
There's one who's that, who's worried.
That that sticks out for Barry Barnes.
You ready for it?
Hey, that's your own opinion.
No, no, there's one who's that.
They're like, they're like, they're like, Britney Spears, they're tainted.
You ready?
Yeah.
500 500.
He's hit 500 home runs and 500 stolen bases.
Nobody ever has had 300 300.
No one.
Yeah.
That's it.
Power speed combination and the story.
Yeah, power with the steroids, right?
Okay, Mark McClure is the greatest player in his baseball.
500 500, greatest stat.
How about Jason Jambi?
He ain't hit the greatest steroid player in the North Mark McClure.
You are in sixth denial, man.
You and Sammy Sosa.
There's another phony baloney.
Okay, for you to hear that.
Got the very part.
I love you Chicago.
I love you, Miami.
Whatever that crap.
That baloney.
That's one of the reasons that baseball is such a joke now.
They throw golf balls at the issue of the Haitians are throwing the baseball so tight.
They're like golf balls and they're hitting them like 600 feet.
And when they're all there's steroid, yeah, it's such a crocker crap.
How about Raphael Palmerra?
How come he ain't the best, a greatest liar in history of South Florida?
Next to Greg Reed.
By the way, next time you see Greg George, give me the old Italian sword for me.
What the hell?
I just give him a message.
What are you going to do about it?
You're fair.
This is new, Rodgers.
This is 5.16.28.
I don't care who you are.
You bastard.
You think I'm going to say something to that one.
You think I'm going to wear a coat of gold.
Even when I dress up my clothes don't hide a thing.
Do I give my lips show I go?
Will I try to hide them no one wants?
Even when I dress up my clothes don't hide a thing.
When I walk in tune, it's holding sure I was with you for.
Soaking like a horn, maybe there's a chest.
Cut down the path, so when people say that my head take a team I cry.
I put on a shirt, it will see through.
You can see my roots and blow my nipple soon.
Then I got a shirt and a capy zone.
You can't matter because my mother's a gift.
You think I'm going to dress up too, that won't.
You think I'm going to wear a coat of gold.
Even when I dress up my clothes don't hide a thing.
Do I give my lips show I go?
Will I try to hide them no one wants?
Even when I dress up my clothes don't hide a thing.
Now let's not put her on here because they don't want just all I asked.
9001 votes on a poll will make that thousand like sliding off a cliff.
Speaking of that, Earth's warming likely irreversible scientists say,
wait till you hear this.
Oh boy.
Especially for a South Florida and Nalines.
Within the next hundred years the growing human influence on Earth's climate
could lead to a long and irreversible rise in sea levels by eroding Earth's
bath polar ice sheets according to new observations and analization by several teams of scientists.
One team using computer models of climate and ice found that by about the year 2100.
Oh we won't even be like a memory by that time.
2100.
Average temperatures could be four degrees warmer than the day and that the over come over the coming centuries
the world's oceans could rise 13 to 20 feet.
If you want to go to Amsterdam I think you better plan it pretty soon.
Conditions last seen 130 thousand years ago between the last two ice ages.
The findings reported today in the journal Science are consistent with other recent studies
of melting into erosion at the polls.
The polls are melting.
Probably we're in them bowling socks too tight.
Many experts say there are still uncertainties about timing or stint and causes.
But Jonathan Overpeck of the University of Arizona lead author of one of the studies said
the new findings made a strong case for the danger of painting the curb emissions of carbon dioxide
other heat trapping greenhouse gases.
Yeah, greenhouse gases is Tommy would say.
If we don't like the idea of flooding out in the world in major portions of South Florida
and many other valued parts of the coastal US, we'll have to commit soon to my major effort
to stop most emissions of carbon to the atmosphere he be saying.
According to computer simulation, the global nature of the warming from greenhouse gases,
which diffused around the atmosphere could amplify the melting around Antarctica
beyond that at the last warm period which was driven mainly by extra sunlight reaching the northern hemisphere.
Research has also said it stains from dark soot drifting from power plants and vehicles
could hasten melting in the Arctic by increasing the amount of solar energy absorbed by ice.
The future rise in sea levels driven by loss of ice from both Greenland and West Antarctica
would occur over many centuries and be largely irreversible
but could be delayed by curving emissions of the greenhouse gases that overpecked
and his fellow lead author Betty Otto Blaisner of the National Assembly for Amnesthurek Research
in Boulder, Colorado.
In a second article in Science Research, you'll say they've detected a rising frequency of earthquake
like rumblings in the bedrock.
O'Barnay Rumble is down there making noise.
Maybe he's got the gas.
Rumblings in the bedrock beneath Greenland's two-mile thick ice cap and laid summer since 1993
they had no obvious explanation other than the rough movements of the overlying ice caused by surface melting.
The jostling of the giant ice cloak island is five times more frequent in the summer than in the winter
and is rarely intensified since 2002 since Bush came in.
The data meshed with recent satellite readings showing that the ice can lurch toward the sea during the melting season.
It's lurching over here.
Ever see lurch?
Yes.
I think it ran for President last time.
The analysis was led by Goran Ekstrom of Harvard and Meredith Nettles of the Lamont-Dorothy Earth-Earth-Earth Observatory
in Palisades, New York, part of Columbia University.
You ought to be playing Palisades far by Freddie Boom-Mohm Cannon.
Tunea?
Yes.
At the top.
It will slow there on the uptake.
I was thinking it's a really tight toe tap.
There it is indeed.
In Antarctica and Greenland appears that warming waters are also working ultimately protruding tongues of ice
where glaciers flow into the sea or that's what Taylor Clinton has.
So a bubble said, tongue of ice, where glaciers flow into the sea or intruding beneath ice sheets like those in western Antarctica
that lie mostly below sea level.
Both processes can cause the ice to flow more readily in the audio-ideas.
Well, we'll be dead.
That's one of the good things about it.
We don't have to worry about such crap.
Then they had this shira from this Chattanooga on there on CNN this morning and the bitch bubblehead hostess.
I don't know which one it was.
The one that's on between solely dead and the cure of Phillips, the anxious one.
And it wasn't Mrs. Limbaugh with some other binbaugh.
And she's like, given him what for a...
Don't you think that's unacceptable?
Thousands of calls to Chattanooga's 911 call center have been going unanswered.
According to records... I'm sorry, 9-1-1.
You better not say 9-1-1.
According to records examined after a caller was unable to report a kitchen fire because three or four dispatchers were taking breaks at the same time.
Stacey Hunter and her family members called 9-1-1 from her home phone and cellular phones Monday afternoon when the fire broke up.
But the calls went unanswered.
Finally, our terious bonds and 14-year-old nephew, Quay-Shawan Fountain, I mean, come on with these names.
QU-AY-SH-A-U-N-E, Quay-Shawan Fountain ended up running a half mile to get help from the fire station. No one was hurt.
It was an accident, but nobody got hurt.
If they hadn't gone running my house with a completely burnt-up hunter, 34-set.
And she stood near a scorched kitchen.
That's our terious.
Wait a minute. What's her name?
Quay-Shawan Fountain.
Quay-Shawan Fountain.
Oh.
Chattanooga police chief Steve Parks who oversees employees of the Hamilton County Emergency Communications District said the department was responsible for unanswered calls.
How about Madeline Albright naked?
One dispatcher was taking calls and three others were working with Shifra taking a break to the chief, saying he described the situation as unacceptable of a failure.
It was totally unacceptable of the 911 system.
But records indicate the problem is more widespread.
This is the part...
See, she had a good point this brother on CNN, but since when is the newsreader, anchor, whatever she is?
What is she supposed to be like making editorial comments and chastising the guests and ripping them an ass even though it was deservedly so?
Totally inappropriate.
Bitch.
See, this is the problem because these people are on CNN, therefore they think it gives them some kind of entitlement to open up a big stupid mouth.
During one ten month period from January to October of last year, about 27,000 calls to city dispatchers in Chattanooga at the 911 center went unanswered.
Police spokesman Tetsl Tullary said, oh god, they're going to be making these names up.
Tetsl's Tullary.
Hey, Tets. You sure got nice Tets.
Last month, 20% about... and that's a guy, I think.
Last month, 20% about 2,000 more of the 10,650 calls placed were not answered.
He said, officials said the count includes numerous call or hang-ups and repeat calls.
Right, that's very excuse.
On Monday alone, records show that were 22 unanswered calls to the 911 service in the 27-minute period when the fire was burning.
Six of them came from...
...arturious and Quayshawn's house.
You got four people supposed to be dispatching and three people on break.
I still can't digest that, honor said.
I mean, that's why we heard those sounds before.
Bad indigestion.
That's right. Bad gas.
Is there a good gas?
Here's the facts.
Although I disagree with a lot of knowledgeable baseball people say very bothersome is the greatest hitter of not terrible time.
One I can take of immediately is Ed Kaplan, who's easily the most baseball knowledgeable person on the year, TV or radio in this market.
He's full of crap. I like any of the allowedies full of crap.
He's pretty emphatic about it. In fact, no doubt in his mind. Well, guess what, your mama.
Personally, as an overall player, I take Willie Mays, Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, also an unbelievable picture before he's made the player reded out as correct.
Or even Ted Williams and Roberto Clemente, but a lot of people know their baseball disagree.
I don't care. It's idiotic on the face of it.
Very bonds my ass.
Especially as Luke's got this...
He's got this taint that covers everything that he's accomplished.
Is that right?
He's considering the always hit home runs.
We have legit.
Ten litres, man.
Did you read that book yet?
Whatever makes it happy.
Have you read the book yet? That's not answered the question. Have you read the book yet? No.
You're going to read it? You're going to get it? No.
I just like with the p-
Well, why not? You know why you can't handle it, truth. That's what Tommy Cruz said.
Not fair, yeah.
You think I don't know he took steroids?
No, that's not the point.
He was just taking steroids.
He was taking all kinds of performance enhancing crap.
Everything you can get his hands on to cheat. He's a cheater. Cheater.
Baby Ruth in the meantime, when other good students walk out L.A. school to protest immigration policies, you broke kids.
Right back to Mexico.
They're having the non-Latino on March in California today.
Or that is that to begin next week.
Oh my god. He sounds like a real screamer, don't I?
Yeah. Wow. Who's that? That's that Tony.
Whatever's that?
How many in part California?
All these brown kids and black kids and blue kids, black and blue.
Now see any white kids, Mark.
And you look at that.
Oh, they're looking at it.
By the way, just to say something, a Latin person,
all the illegal should be beaten over the head with ax handles all the way back to the border
as for some of us who came over here legally.
And what does this have to do with illegal aliens?
In the word, they should name it what it is.
A day without illegals.
That's what happens before they try to make.
That's the question, do they float?
Let's see. Let's find out.
I guess I had on years ago in INC. Do they sink or do they float?
They throw them in the gulps and they say,
The new Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
For watch, boobs and butts and boinking.
Oh, right.
You're up fire!
You can't break me together again.
You're up limits to my shapely revenge.
And that said the record vision by choice.
Today was of course a big round of points.
Oh my God, the dougies and the putters stuck in the dougies.
The more toy out of you when you're on a move.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Up and down inside and off you better get your mitts off the merchandise now.
You're in on a pool.
You think there's no pool.
Take off and take a pair of driving e.s.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
I got nothing to lose.
My virginity lost her.
Give me back my baggy blue shorts.
Why you?
I'll show you who's the boss.
Let's get back to the same tiniest moments.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Do it on a dougies.
Oh, 27 to 1.
Speaking of Gelly, he'll be on.
A wine and a pukin from the infest center,
two to four to seven.
A revolving slot.
Let me see a revolving slot.
No comment.
OK.
And then we got a notice for the mad dog,
four to seven also at the end of the center.
And that's all leaning up to the big Panther Ranger game,
Panther Preview with seven, with Jesse Agler,
and Horatio Alger,
and the Panthers of Rangers 730, followed by Tom Jicca for 80K.
The great Tom Jicca.
Oh, God.
What a quizzling.
Already this devote in 2008 on banning same-sex marriages.
Aren't you excited about that?
Florida.
Florida funds did an emotional civil rights battle,
yes, they've in the Florida Supreme Court agreed to allow a state constitutional ban on same-sex marriage
to go on the 2008 ballot.
You know why that's bad news?
Why?
Because that's going to bring out in 2008,
which is the presidential election.
Oh, right.
All the right wing of the social conservatives
and far-bison right wingers will come out to vote.
See that?
I say it.
You're right.
Backers must still collect tens of thousands more signatures to get on the ballot,
but they will.
They insist that with two years to collect the petitions of state Supreme Court clearance out of the way,
the ban on gay weddings will have little trouble going to voters in 2008.
Sponsors and some political experts believe that the ensuing debate of a weather,
gays and lesbians can legally win and Florida may turn out large numbers of social conservative
and Republicans far-bisoned to vote on the same ballot,
in which they'll decide a crucial presidential election.
We've seen in every state with a marriage amendment like this on the ballot
that the people get it and understand the threat and it motivates them to come out and vote.
Senator Landau attorney John Stemberger, chairman of the Florida for Marriage.org group seeking the gay marriage rate,
they see the threat.
Oh, yeah, and it motivates them to come out.
Oh, it's their bigotry and intolerance.
It's stupidity that motivates them to come out.
John.
Voters pass same-sex marriage bans in 12 states in 2004.
Some political analysts say the initiative sucked us by voter turnout among religious conservatives
and helped President Bush win battlegrounds states as Ohio,
although I think the dibolled machines had a bigger role in helping.
A big helping.
The Republican Party of Florida has put at least 200 grand this year toward the Florida for Marriage campaign.
Bakers had hoped to get the issue in the 2006 battle when voters will pick a governor and their nose
and their, but fell short of the necessary signatures when they should take a backseat
to the Terry Shivoh battle.
Shoo!
Over the end of life decisions that Hurricane Relief efforts had built Stevens, executive director
of the Far Bison Christian Coalition of Florida, the Christian Coalition.
Florida is among more than 40 states with existing legislation borrowing same-sex marriage,
the proposed amendment defines marriage reality.
Oh, the proposed amendment says, um, marriage of one man and one woman,
but it also submits the provision in the state constitution and bars legal recognition of anything treated as married
or the substantial equivalent thereof.
Attorneys for the ACL do and others of argue that the proposed language could threaten domestic partner benefits,
already allowed in Florida for gay couples.
And the Christian Coalition says, government-draered.
That's what they said in the Taiwanese.
I said, for Taiwan on.
How does that sound?
Meanwhile, this is kind of flies in the face of the public because public acceptance of almost sexuality
according to the Pew Research Center is a polling.
Public acceptance of almost sexuality has increased in a number of ways and recent years,
that will remain a deeply divisive issue.
Half of Americans, 51% continue to oppose legalized gay marriage,
but this is number to decline significantly from 63% in February 2004,
when opposition spiked following the Massachusetts Supreme Court decision and remained high throughout the 2004 election season.
Opposition to gay marriage has fallen across the board with substantial declines, even among Republicans.
Wow, these are among the results of the latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People in the Press
to conducted March 8th to 12th.
The poll also finds less opposition to gay serving openly in the military,
and a greater public willingness to allow gay students to adopt.
Pretty soon, they might even let the gay's breed the first year.
Now that we let a few blacks do it, not too many of them.
A 60% majority now favors allowing gay students to serve openly in the military up from 52% to 94%,
and 46% support gay adoption up from just 38% in 1999.
Despite the fact that gay marriage initiatives are on the ballot in seven states this year,
including Florida, while London was trying to get offered 2008,
the atmosphere surrounding the issue of gay marriage is cooled off, and public intensity is dissipated compared with two years ago.
Strong opposition to gay marriage, which surged in 2004, has ebbed to a new low.
This is especially the case among seniors, Catholics, and not evangelical Protestants.
Among people aged 65 and over, for example, strong opposition to gay marriage jumped from 36% in 2003 to 58% in 2004,
but has fallen to 33% today. It fell back. White evangelical Protestants are the only major group in which a majority still strongly opposes gay marriage,
but even here the intensity of feeling is receded somewhat.
Therefore, bisonism has retreated just to a wee bit.
Another exciting?
A really religious nut cases?
Yeah.
Oh my God. Isn't that what the world is fighting in the Ethi American media and the Democratic Party don't have the balls to come on and say it?
Right.
Fighting religious crazy people. That's what it's all about.
Even if you believe they're a version of 9-11, I'm all this al-Qaeda crap.
Even if you take every word at face value, that's what we're fighting.
Mm-hmm.
But only them, only the ragheads, not our religious fanatics. Oh no, they're good.
Our religious fanaticism is excellent. There is the evil. That's bad. They're the evil dourish, which I thought was something to drink.
Mm-hmm.
The senior Muslim clerics in Kabul, Afghanistan are demanding that that Afghan men on trail for converting from Islam to Christianity be executed.
Wait till you hear this.
Mm-hmm.
Warning that if the government comes into which impression and frees him, they will inside people to pull him into pieces.
These are the civilized people that were working very feversly that were sacrificing our young people to defend in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Aren't you savages? In an unusual move, Condor Leezer telephoned President Karzai yesterday seeking a favorable resolution on the case of Abdul Rafman.
The president has taken a personal interest, just like Mr. Jensen took a personal interest in Howard Beal.
Remember that?
It was asleep already. The 41-year-old former mentally worker faces the death penalty under Afghanistan's Islamic laws for becoming a Christian for Christ's sakes.
His trial has fired passions in this conservative Muslim nation and highlighted the conflict of values between Afghanistan and its Western backers.
As in, let's take him back into the dark ages. Oh, excuse me, they already are there.
Rejecting Islam is insulting God. We won't allow God to be humiliated. If this is even worse than those cartoons, I think.
This man must die since cleric Abdul Rolf, who was considered a moderate.
It was jailed three times for opposing the Taliban before the hardline regime was out in 2001.
The trial which began last week has caused an international outcry. George W. said he's deeply troubled by the case, expect Afghanistan to honor the universal principle of freedom.
What's he going to start honoring if that's your question? You jackass, you goofball.
Rice spokesman Sean McCormick said she told cars, it's important for the Afghan people to know that freedom of religion is observed in their country.
Sure it is. Not just like in this country. Not. South Carolina is going to become a Christian state. All the Kansas, the anti-evolutionary state.
Of course, you notice in Kansas it's appropriate because they haven't evolved. That's right.
They're still in the stone age. Keeping my body dull is from Kansas and he's the spokesman for a viagra.
Her direct appeal to the before and leader in judicial proceeding in their own country was unusual.
But in deference to the country's sovereignty, rice evidently did not demand specifically that the trial be halted into the defendant released.
This is clearly an Afghan decision and we don't want to harm them, she said.
Ooh, that was bad. German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters she received the sureances from cars that had a telephone call that Russ Maum would not be sentenced to that.
They'll just pick them to pieces. They'll pull out his fingernails and eyelids. They'll get the shaw for random to savac.
They'll a rand gang back in.
Diplomats have said the Afghan or maybe they'll get what's his name? What's the ton ton McCute? Is never they got in the Haiti?
Oh, that's right. The ton ton McCute. They know how to, they know it torture really well. They're not better than the baby.
Diplomats have said the Afghan government is searching for a way to drop the case on Wednesday.
The authorities said Rossman suspected they mentally ill. Well, he's a Christian, isn't he? He converted.
Right. Well, he's a.
I don't know psychological exams to see whether he's fit to stand trial, but three Sunni preachers in the she out one interview by the AP and four of Cobbl's most popular mosques said they don't believe
Rockman's insane. The man behind the mosque. Is that zero or was that what's that guy the movie you saw the prevent that V for Vendetta.
He's not crazy. When from the median confessiving Christians said how medulla she's cleric at Haji yet the aquab mosque.
The government is scared of the international community, but the people will kill him if he's freed.
Ralph was a member of the country's main Islamic organization, the Afghan Ulamaconsel, compared the government is playing games that people will not be fooled.
Cut off his head. He explained sitting in courtyard outside Harati mosque or for his head. Yeah, off with this head.
We'll call on the people to pull him into pieces so there's nothing left. He said the only way for Rossman to survive would be for him to go into exile.
Send another French Riviera with Osama.
This is nearly Rossman video clip.
This is the piece of earth street.
This is the piece of earth street.
Friday you bastard.
Oh!
In a face that fails just like the bad day I lose you.
It's like a Christmas drive that dreams every week to the end.
Just call the free version for the day.
But you know you got to do it just after you're there.
Who wants a sex with sound?
Raccoon.
That was exactly what he said.
That looks to me.
Especially since my wife said,
she probably hasn't said anything before.
By the way, when we witness you,...
here what do you say because I got to do with you these stuff don't know sweep it
call strike while they earn as high w-c-y-m. Hello can you put the beast on the
pole she's high w-c-y-m. Hello
Q-a-m hello Neil yes sir I have two for your pole okay one is Oprah yeah okay
five six seven five two other five see I don't want to hear the one after that
start I it's the lunchtime for a lot of people okay I'm advertising for that is
good god I'll see the board and count on the same person
somebody Q-a-m hello I'm the meal yes sir how you doing great happy
Friday you sir back to you happy for me I want to I want to chime in on the
Josh's comment about Barry Bond being the baseball player all the time I
completely disagree with that I mean people are each have no respect for players
that have a good news even Brooks Robinson I mean as so many such a list you
could name 50 players better than Barry bonds and I'll be a one quick comment
who do I call in five sixty in the crisis department about a missing pizza
after lunch there's an old saying quit while you were ahead he wasn't way ahead
but he like it's a lot of the world I've left too much already today oh boy
you're right let's take that one home
WQ-a-m hello Q-a-m you can do it I take that back you can't do it WQ-a-m
hello how are you okay I'm this time criss-to-tongue is that he ever do
anything make you bake his gay I mean I don't care for the guy at all but yeah I
don't know what he's really done well and I don't know what he's done because
I'm not really all that interested but it's widely it's widely speculated
been for a long time plus when a guy keeps holding press conferences for you
know announcing the world that he's not gay it raises a few eyebrows it makes
you wonder you know I mean more yeah most homosexual people whether
celebrities or not don't hold press conferences to keep saying oh I'm not gay
do you believe me I'm not gay I'm gonna sue you you know stuff like that what
times George's press conference yeah one of your that same old buddy man you
got him he's glued to you with the hip I'm pretty sure by the way Nicole Kidman
wanted to have a kid with him and he didn't want one right right she kept
complaining that he wasn't coming home at night he kept going out spending
time with the boys I don't know what that meant oh yeah it's I mean there's there's
no doubt no doubt in anyone's mind I mean for you know and that's why it's
openly talked about now even on CNN they ran that thing about the Tom Cruise
in the closet that episode I mean everybody knows it Tommy so why not just
come out now and stop all these phone you know it's a Nicole Kidman it's Katie
Holmes it's Sherlock Holmes it's Katie correct Robert hella is the the selected
Scientologist to slave of the week cut the crap nobody's buying it Tommy nobody's
buying it you're fired who cares you're right he's annoying I wouldn't watch a
movie with him in it if you paid me by the second now here's this story we
do want to get to this this this is exactly where it's at yeah this is from the
West early sun in West early Rhode Island I never heard of West early Rhode Island
but it's in Rhode Island so how big can it be right right right still Rhode Island
education officials have banned from public schools they're federally
funded actions program the civil rights advocates said embraced sexist
stereotypes and included a voluntary student health survey that violated
privacy laws lawyers at the Rhode Island affiliate of the ACLU first
complaint last year that a now abandoned textbook used by heritage of Rhode Island
taught students the girls who were clothing that doesn't invite lustful thoughts
from boys maybe a burger would be great disagree with that logic the book
described men as strong and courageous while women were called caring weak a
speaker on the company strong and caring men courageous a speaker on the
company videotapes and accidents helped him honor my relationship with Jesus
although heritage officials said the tape was news in public schools
accidents helped him honor his relationship with Jesus I don't really had a
relationship with Jesus and of course who would want to do a guy like that
anyway would it awful outfit and those sandals on to which they correct them
had these incredible sexist viewpoints about men and women and boys and girls
it seemed to come out of the 19th century since Stephen Brown executive
director of Rhode Island ACLU authorities at the private health education
firms said they stopped using the disputed materials a year ago the issues
they're asking about are old dead stuff said Chris plant I wonder if he's
kind of Jacques clod executive director of the heritage of Rhode Island he said
he plans to meet the spring with state education officials to work at a
mutually acceptable curriculum to mention the heritage programs affected
the students had also been asked to complete a voluntary survey and class that
included questions about their sexual history the survey and students to
provide their birthdays and the first letter of their first name this is a hint
heritage officials use information from the survey in fact maybe the Catholic
Church is going to start to pick up a idea from that you know ever have rings
about the divellum the priest the father no the official's huge information from
the surveys to track changes in student opinion before during an after classes
we know he's the survey anymore because we thought the concerns of the ACLU
were valid plant said as Jacques plant was that Roger plant they complained from
ACLU as part of a national effort to monitor the curriculum of federally
funded abstinence programs in February the federal government agreed to stop
funding one abstinence initiative because it allegedly used tax money for
religious purposes wonder how Robert Campbell the professor is doing probably dead
Robert Campbell who heritage of Rhode Island had a three-year grant from the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that provides over 400 grand
annually department spokesman said the group has presented a school of
more than 600 public school students and providence potucket and wound socket
oh god there's nothing like a wounded socket potuckets top school official
complaint that he was duped by heritage officials and halted the program even
before a parent complaint the ACLU we really don't probably get any religious
opinion the school system I think basically that's what they're trying to do
here that's what they were trying to do here potucket school superintendent Hans
Delie said whatever's name is Hans in your ponds and letter issued last week
education center commissioner Peter McWalter said the heritage classes were
never approved by state authorities he announced his office would review the
health and AIDS curriculum of every school in the state they need guidance
that's the real issue he said plant-setters instructors work with public school
teachers to provide a clear and unapologetic message backing sexual
asexual abstinence the textbook that earth ACU officials came with curriculum
materials persons from a South Carolina group plant study dropped a book after
parent complaint out of the box from South Carolina things just don't translate
here plant said we realize this is going to take a whole working over but it was
a good place to start yeah nothing to be fine in the throwaway books from
Carolina because we know where that the drift of acrobat hey there's a we know that
drift like you knew the new sales manager got a crystal what's the name Jones I
wonder if he's from five he knows from Bob Jones University Santa come like that
he's from Raleigh remember only from all North Carolina or I'm not sure if he's
a real heavy affected I think it's a phony accident probably from the
real trust me nine hundred and sixty two votes will have that thousand before
Josh can retract his comments about very well this is me Rogers this is five sixty
two eight it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
and you're in the elephant party maybe or else all of us good religion is
they're gonna make sure you go straight to hell and we're praying for it right
now anyway it's a look at twelve fifty you must have got out at the last
hour really tonight good because it's more time to start to
confabulate about Barry Collins no I don't want to talk about it look it's a matter
of opinion you know it's like arguing about the best flavor of ice cream it's the
same thing and you could argue statistics from one era to another doesn't mean
anything like who is the greatest hockey player Bobby or Wayne Greski and Mary
or Lemieux you know Alexi Pankarowski and he won't what what does it mean
huh Aaron Gavey let's argue about hockey players I'm sure we're good Josh by
the shirt here's a man one oh my how many players on the Panthers could you name
too probably as many as I could I can't even make a Robert De LaWongo you know
that and Oli Yoke and Oli Joke and right that's it and Nathan Horton Nathan Horton
right and Stevie Weiss and Andrew yeah a lot of white and Stevie and who else how about
Joe Nguyen Dyke yeah I heard him Gary Roberts no world Roberts how about
Earl's brother well anyway see there we go at hockey talk and we really
run a role here today and Josh show the sucker me to that hockey craft that's
okay I just can't get over this new triumph right now it's just it's just
amazing what's going on and now seriously I have never met Joe Bell is it true
that he's like like Kate Smith like a lump in a chair is that true he did
he can he is he is he mobile does he walk yeah he walks he walks and talks and
talks he got like a wind up thing on the back wind up what I like a switch I
don't know like one then like like an alarm clock yeah just amazing to me how all
this stuff is going down but he's you know and I'm sure that Greg is running
around I would have Schmidt eaten grandma's day I hear a few guys with the real
mess you try to clean this up now haha now that's why he's running around you know
like he swallowed a cat wouldn't be the first time in the aftermath of the
Dubai ports dispute the Bush administration is having a Hong Kong
conglomerate helping tech nuclear materials inside cargo passing through the
Bahamas of the US and elsewhere a Hong Kong conglomerate communist that
communist uh wonder how your people now are so how enchanted they are with the
Bush moisture what do you think not a lot lately you know the whole immigration
policy what foot dry foot that what foot dry foot wet foot wet dry foot wet
wet dry foot wet dry foot wet dry foot wet dry foot wet dry foot dry foot dry
back yeah is that what it is California I think that's what is all over the
Southwest Texas right Arizona New Mexico wet back dry back wet back go back
and Chris they got in all them tunnels you know dug out there wouldn't be
something if one of them actually did go to China that would be good yeah
that'd be better the administration acknowledges the one know they got they
already overcrowded over there in fact that we need to send some of the most
of the Chinese aren't there anymore they're here oh and probably in Vancouver and
San Francisco and LA all the people from Korea Taiwan Vietnam and China are on
uh West Coast of the US and Canada and here in Toronto 80 million of them here
the administration acknowledges the nobid contract with Hutchinson Wampoa
limited Wampoa represents the first time a foreign company would be involved
in running a sophisticated US radiation detector and overseas port without
American customs agent present oh oh free port in the Bahamas is a 65 miles from
the US coast where cargo would likely be inspected again the contract is
currently being finalized administration is negotiating a second nobid
contract for a Filipino company to install radiation detectors in its home
country according to documents obtained by the A&P it dozens of other
overseas ports foreign governments are primarily responsible for scanning cargo
now President Bush recently made sure Congress that foreigners would not
manage security US ports the Hutchinson deal in the Bahamas illustrates how the
administration is relying on foreign companies that overseas ports to safeguard cargo
heading to the USA Hutchinson Wampoa is the world's largest of course pretty soon we're
going to be eating out of the Chinese's hand you do understand that don't you begging for
rice with a bowl they got all our loans man they're without the Chinese we'd be bankrupt
Hutchinson Wampoa is the world's largest ports operator and among the
industry's most respected companies it was an early adopter of US anti-terror
measures but it's billionaire chairman Lee Kashin Kashin like the son of a cash
register Lee Kashin also has substantial business ties to China's government
that have raised US concerns over there is that's the one Kashin kind of like
that sound Tommy had that's blocked before that promo that raspberry sound
Rahe Lee Kashin is pretty close to a lot of senior leaders of the Chinese government
and the Chinese Communist Party said Larry M. Wartsle had a US government
commission that studies China's security and economic issues the Wartsle said
Hutchinson operates independently from Beijing and he described Lee as a very legitimate
international businessman one can conceive legitimate security concerns and would hope
either the Homeland Security Department or the intelligence services of the US were very
hard to satisfy those concerns Wartsle said all confidence is high yeah somebody's high
three years ago the Bush administration effectively blocked a Hutchinson
Simeonia right from buying part of a bankrupt US telecommunications company global crossings
on national security grounds and US military intelligence report once marked secret
said at Hutchinson in 99 as a potential risk for smuggling arms and other
prohibited materials in the US from the Bahamas mine but now they're good guys
Hutchinson's port operations in the Bahamas in Panama could provide a conduit
for illegal shipments of technology or prohibited items from the west of the PRC
peoples in public of China or facilitate the movement of arms and other
prohibited items into the Americas the now declassified assessment says
the CIA currently has no security concerns about Hutchinson's port operations
and the administration believes the pending deal with the foreign company would be safe
yeah take it somewhere like uh... louise in the box where we say
we can hide that gun back in the old the whole chain toilet like tesio said
remember when he goes in there and he reaches behind that thing
he's like a grappling they really hit it with so well he almost didn't find it
Michael right remember that i get around back there wholly mulley and then that hole in
McCluskey said that was a beauty place and the i kind of turn sideways he was in
doing that here was the best in the city and that cheap wine he was drinking that's
right i could say that was his last to feel that the grandma boon
which of these women would you most like to see naked who you haven't seen naked
already this pull first taking july two thousand one obviously in the summertime
when George was on because why would an old queen like me take a pull about naked
women i wouldn't i did the data right and we're doing well we got nine hundred
eighty two vote nine sixty two eighty two all before next few minutes will be over
the thousand mark to the Josh even very bonds don't bet a thousand
even with all those roads now who was it was it uh a rafael parmer right there
there are several these guys and like oh it was Jason jambi who all of a sudden showed
up we in so much less so he's got he said he stopped uh he stopped eating fast food
right yeah that must have been it thirty slow food right he probably saw that movie uh bad movie
by the way what's the man with the fast food nature size me oh yeah bad movie yeah how
we toward that don't know wait did you see i saw a little bit of it that's it's more than
enough it was sucks i mean i like it i like it prize i talk about overkill like not
anybody wouldn't know even a moron would know a child would know that if he'd be nothing
exclusively but junk food you're going to be get sick okay sees talk about let me say it again
man that beam fields pasta you better get some i'm i'm trying how's try doing with that we're
gonna get them on the air not that and that's not the purpose of my uh why we have it on
a bunch of i'm talking about it because it's to me a fantastic discovery and it's cleaned off
the shelves there are publics has got it or at least they had it until this audience cleaned them
out see that should be a real instead of our self-department running around saying oh gee we just
can't get any results on this so stay sure for any instead of that kind of defeat is negative stupid
incorrect the attitude back there that's their excuse makers they're out salespeople they're
excuse makers and double talkers like the duff master you know duff what are you gonna do
about it you fairy yeah one day he's telling me this and boy you're doing such a great job oh my
god you you heard it you were heard it right from the horses ass i thought man it's got a
surprising i mean that fast you know we're like kick an ass and then all of a sudden well you know
not too many people are mentioning you yeah right make up your mind duffy okay you silly person
you you silly goose god i don't want to give him to cry though well there's all those kids in
California that stormed out in a good portion of the early afternoon what we know is that as many
as one a bunch of beeners to me mean well i think i see we'll have walked out of classes what's
going on in this nbc when i got pulled to rehovert to be released monday it's breaking news
thanks don't put it on the list as well as the greens throughout the country because of the
the vows she's out on the green screen no man trying to convert to Christianity being put up for the
death penalty at least that monday good part of this is the diplomatic forces they say that part of
the choice well then propose that nine nominees to the afghan supreme court once they are confirmed
by his parliament which might take a month or more that they then take up this issue of the
conflict between freedom of religion guaranteed in the new afghan constitution which america helped
right and of course islamic law which is also enshrined in that constitution now i understand
Andrea that the main base and remitual she's married to a alan green spandts fun that this man
is not mentally competent to stand trial does that seem to be the case or is it a way for them to
sort of say face we don't know whether that is the case it is a way to say face but conny rice
if he converted to christianity we have to ask the question for not fly but you cannot say that
someone is crazy because he wants to become a christian i'm sure you can sorry anger okay here
get back to the pool so there he's gonna be released on monday by today we have to have it and
boy did they really scoop cnn to bet nobody watches ms nbc i don't know what's in there flipping
well we got their work right here on radio man it we're so newsy it's disgusting you want to know
what's going on in the world this is where you fight in fact many nights if i'm watching nbc
evening news i feel like does it replying my show you know i'm talking about uh-huh oh there's
that cure of phil's oh another reason not to watch cnn i'm going back to msnbc i'd rather see
Andrea Mitchell even though she's very scrawny and pasty look a lot of makeup on today can you imagine
her in the sack without a whole what a horrible part i can't imagine anything with that i know
even a even a watermelon in the sacral ale green span which of these women would you like to see naked
that nobody haven't seen before i won't say nobody's seen them look at the battle we got
Jessica Simpson to top two weren't even in their running last and they weren't on the pool back in
july 2001 and five years later how they uh things have changed they got a lot of attention how the
boobies have shifted Jessica Simpson 80 Jessica Alba 76 Barbara and Jenna Boyce president's daughter
still holding on a solid turd 64 just like we're just where they were i guess they're comfortable
Jennifer love hewitt 57 even foster he would look better in she does
Shakira 48 she's right mousey uh senaya 2037 dolly parton 37 as we're gonna have a partner
ways on that one jurors said that's more than she had the whole first time she had nine the first
time we're 20 yeah yeah and all of a sudden they're the while they're they're into a big they're
into huge hoogies in i got a feeling that we'll warn big said Beyonce Knowles oh look at us the
men who could be Pope talking about gesky parkles shook it oh people the Pope all right and look at that
talk about the very bonds and baseball there's a stainless-wiss cardinals a nice figure by the way
look at that smatha wilden girls and dreads what a lovely red hat on earth father roat tomoth
Williams hey father anyway you can take up those 35 when you stop picking on them a priest though
and a corner holly a 33 hinder lock clears god look what hinder's god but third man beside that uh
sadra bullock also got 30 christ the christian dunce 29 i want to keep saying kura christian
it's in christy kura that cross-eyed bitch on channel 10 and christie alley oh
hook number one gave gay male 25 to an half percent the gay guys are laying out on the set of one
they don't want to be uh dragged into it Jennifer Aniston Amiston 25 Barbara Eden 24
a lot of guys still dream of a genie they too she shows up every Tuesday and still surface cleans
faith hill 23 not on a heterosexual female 21 Jessica B.O 21 she's mad as hell because I said
she was not that great me as and she is lazy fontase 21 moriah kiri 21 how about Andy
kiri of the anchies i want you to judge them heard of Andy kiri third base i bet you're right
you better learn your baseball mister because you sure don't know it so fear sorry that was a
raspberry what was that that was a raspberry i'm getting a little bit nervous about these sounds
i'm hearing from down there oh i can smell that one yeah holy moly must have been that pizza
up so fear of her gear at 21 Britney Spears 21 that's down from 131 to five years ago Britney has
fallen on it man holy moly she's falling on a hard time she's been fetterlined hmm i think she
needs to be flatlined um Mickey Cox 21 i hit this full 20 see they don't hate this fully like it
sir Michelle Geller 19 jury Ryan ill the 17 what about Linda Blair she's old Christina
applegate well naked a lot too oh Tiffany amber amber atheson 12 do we leave somebody very obvious
off this pool uh i don't know oh yeah a little coming up the city Margolis a nine from monster not
monsters ball from monster what the hell's her name Charlie star Charlie sterling very very naked
we've seen her naked yo yeah i have when you see that recently her first movie two days in the
valley very very naked and we put naked pictures i saw him a bacon naked in one movie i forget who
was in it remember that one picture we put behind the video there's a great deal different i'm not
really all that crazy about seeing naked guys famous naked guys and then it's it's just there's a
whole different thing probably understood you know what i'm saying better disgusting yeah no no that's
not what i'm talking about it's just i just uh leaves you kind of limp yeah i know uh where where are
we you threw me off of course here jerry Ryan 17 Christina applegate 12 Tiffany amber atheson 12 we
did these city Margolis nine we know no rider in nine julie Roberts nine Melissa Joan Hart Scott seven
martina hingus seven you have to be unhinges to want to see martina hingus all these guys that
watch tennis just to see the acute chicks they sweat it uh it would be like me watching
and erotic martina hingus seven Hillary duff six Christina Aguilera six Tara banks six Stanley banks
in on here yet Lindsey loann five Gwen Stefani five T. Allie Ori Leoni five T. Allie
son's like some kind of a tag in dessert seat christie brinkley five a Brianna Lima four
viva cuffs four Michael Jay Foxy and on here he's shaking it for Tony Braxton four Elizabeth
falarsky from survivor four Jennifer Garner three see the guy said put her on her we did three votes
not so great neat Campbell three I'll listen to you on her all week long free to peruse it
Ali Lard Lard as three fuels as new three I still to say that's a guy's name Jenna uh
Jenny Garth two Rebecca Gahart one Lauren Holly one and Bridget Wilson has got one and we've
got a thousand nine votes by the way just mention that in passing father paranoia I eat what a great
movie man anybody don't like the exercise you guys tell me it's a comedy well I understand
you know in retrospect but that's right it regardless of what you say the spirit of christ
compels you to tell it like it is I'm actually Josh like the exercise better than network
uh very different man totally different kept you awake it did I was kind of a headroom yeah
according to recent survey americans keep their mattresses for 10.2 years it's like keeping a car
for 100,000 miles I'm actually Reagan was changing your mattress every few hours there in the
air system we kept puking on it oh that Reagan yeah if your mattress is five to ten years old it's
probably not performing like it once did probably Ronnie too he need to call one 800 mattress the
number for our friends at battle mattress ranked number one for customer satisfaction no risk
here's the way it works order a mattress from the expert vetting consultant to
the doctor's try it out if you don't like it call them back one 800 mattress they'll replace it
to your total satisfaction till you get what you want once you buy from one 800 mattress you'll never
go back to a showroom again it's so easy just make that call like I've been doing for a long time one
800 mattress pick out the two our window that you want them to show up at your house and they will
like noon to two one to three two to four five to seven etc then you'll take away that crappy old
soil vetting and you run your way to a great night sleep for years to come when you call
data mattress no nonsense no run-around no overpricing no showroom shenanigans no off brands
just factory direct prices on the best brands you know impressed and love like cdly sir to simons
king crawl temperpid externs and foster hewitt and right now data mattress offers no payments or
interest for twelve months so what could possibly be not to like call one 800 mattress right now
we're locked under their website mattress dot com for the best if you've had in a long long time
one 800 m at tr e s leave off the last is because it stands for sensational stupendous saving
this is meal Roger this is five sixty two eight
uh oh baby how's your good day hey what you need to be having a Bruce Lee
we are having a sale on camera
we have had a lot of many flavors
and my friend that is not
okay I'm telling you everything
you must keep making progress inside i think
hey guys just doing the women and bags
and it's only because they're so bad
and you can never group reactions of a group and we don't want to drink out of you
we feel like our food bank
if you take this because
Hey
uh
The
Funny past one don't pee off the air of street. I'm telling that right now or on the air of street
That what they got gutters for it is kind of dry there in the ditch
I guess here's what it says how about the Olsen twins together for the fullest of course they're not of legal age
Don't get out of here not legal age my ass. No, that isn't how well about the Olsen twins?
Certainly illegal age now looking. Oh, how about Johnny Olsen? What year would they have had to have been born in mr. Math?
To be illegal age. Yes
6 and 12 is 88
86 I see their legal age or 12 how hard is that to be about if it's 86 in 2006?
I mean Jesus even my little dog would know that's 20 years for Christ's sake. Well, he might but I don't oh god
You're a math quizzling there you go and then he rates so they're 20 and then what about them? You want to put them on air or
But I want he can have them. I mean you can have them both
They're almost one person
Oh, I still think Johnny Olsen and Rod Roddy Rod Roddy. He was about eight people. That's why he's dead
They could I hope not oh brother
Maybe there's we're still wearing some of them fancy shiny a Taiwanese suits used to buy
The breast cancer that's how one is a Thailand. Yeah, he's a matter of fact
I think he did well the maybe other movies a nice period
a rise pair and used to go over to a Thailand all the time to buy the silk suits and also buy
Whatever else suited as fancy. Yeah, I said I won't
Hey Rod you fairy. That's what Joey Reynolds told me anyway
Can't think of too many other things during Reynolds that were told me that were useful information
But not that I cared about that come on down. Oh anyway, as the bread blog
There's some of the blogs that some good information and raw story picks up some of that stuff. I like raw story
Grand blog.com as they broke on Wednesday
I lost it was filed yesterday in San Francisco Superior Court
The man in that California Secretary State Bruce McPherson filed a statement federal law in regard to his recent
Reciprocation of Diabol voting machines in the state their bad machines man
McPherson is named along with 18 California County registrars is dependence in the suit which calls for a ban on the use of
Nuke and and new purchase of Diabol voting machines in the state calls for a ban and the use of
And new purchase of Diabol voting machines in the state suit was filed by voter action.org
I'd be have a 25 California voter-sized plaintiffs
What is originally reported on the story as the Diabol ink suit over California voting system
That headline is in fact incorrect. They have now reused the story with the more accurate headline
California suit over Diabol voting systems
The lawsuit against Diabol will be imaginable come later after California's rated women
How they've been screwed by the company and they try to recover the millions they've lost in betting on the wrong
voter actions the nonprofit organization who brought the actions that led to both the
Decertification of Diabol in California
2004 and more recently the ban on the purchase of Sequoia voting machines in New Mexico
Which led to a new law on the state requiring a paper ballot for every vote cast
You go in New Mexico man
Get rid of old machines and bad machines
That they can fix so easily and there's no doubt that they did see they still release one thing
I'll say they're creative they they knew they couldn't steal the 2004 election the same way that the 2000 one
Yeah, so they did it by by rigging machines in various states, you know
Well, that's all they do that's all they do is scheme you know the rest of us are busy working right
That's because they're just people and a compassionate conservative is in there much more
Decent than all of us a liberal liberal Kami Pico perverts right. That's why most of them are going to jail
Yeah, I was talking to come it back last night after I walked out I stormed out that door and you know
I don't care who you are
Yeah, he just cost me six thousand dollars. Anyway, I said to the raghead
Camderaver said where he started asking about the stock market
I said, you know, it's amazing to me that people who read like in Ryan some of these other phony baloney stocks in the tech crash
You know, I still say the people would see NBC all belong in jail on death row including YouTube's head David
On death row. Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy
And then they were the ones that were propping to something they were loving because their rings were going through the roof there
The peacock was a you know fluffing of his feathers
Everybody in their brother the gay traders and the day traders and all another crap remember that yeah
Everybody wanted to loosen their ass most people did because was all a pie in the sky
It was all BS there was no new economy and a lot of these companies have barely even existed
And they kept like goosin them up and goosin them up all these wild prices like as jeez you got any of that
To have a sort of cabbie. I'm really surprised that some people didn't like seek out some of these a corporate in types and kill them
You know like say like Kenny Boylay and some of these other corporate crooks
Just amazed because you know you work all your life and then somebody screws you out of your life savings
That's not just like OG too bad like betting on a wrong horse like that service
That's like man. I was just led down the garden path and blew my whole retirement the money that worked for like 40 years for
Stuff like that all of these all of these things and again
American just like that story about this difference between
Protests against this war now in the protest in the 60s
America's become so passive man just like Diana said in network, you know
They've shot up. They've effed themselves limp and how they don't know what they know they're pissed off
But they don't know what to do about it. They need somebody to articulate the popular rage
What a great movie and this clown here. I just you know at the very bottom thing
It's just your opinion you can argue that one way or the other but
I was mad at hell
Just just for the hell of it. I'll take my chances with this all the way. I have my doubts because IMDb is hitting missed
Heck we all know what DB we all know what the DB stands for an IMDb even though we can't sit on the air Joyce idiot
Uh, we can say the word separately
For example, I could say do right now and then about you know 30 seconds later. I could say oh it's in the bag see
Okay, here's network type of n
Good type of it
Thank you, Mr. President for those little gas prices and thank you Al Gore for inventing the internet's
Network 1976. It says oh, this is the one that Josh Cordis fellow sleep during
How many stars did they give it 7.9 out of 10 almost an eight should have 9.9
What would you give it George honest though answer out of 10? Yeah, uh seven
You know, I never really did like you do know that I died 7.9 out of 10 and that's an IMDb which is all over the place
How can you say that?
It's just that was your own baby tell me what was the movie that you gave an eight or you
That took me so long to watch city of angels city of god city of god
I'm not a god guy city of god. Yeah, and you gave that you said that was one of the both of you were
I mean, I mean it was good. It was okay. It was fine. I'm glad I watched it
Thousand three right and votes by the way on the naked chicks
But to say that that movie is better than network. I mean, that's like they're gonna drag you as a way is that that off my
God, they're gonna there's two subjects here. What is entertainment value and the other one is the message?
Yeah, no, nothing that was entertaining. I was entertaining. Just not as entertaining as a city
I mean
Which last case you never been in the broadcast business if you have been right because look at the places where you worked
No, I don't look where you are now
27 after one by the way John the Baker is really kicking ass. We're doing a fabulous job for him
And we're excited about it because we like John and the food a lot especially the free food
That's what you guys said two John the Baker locations and so we don't have to have enough
Acting like you fair to me again next week. Please go in there this weekend
And be sure and tell me a Roger center by you mentioned my name you can have dozens of John's real famous garlic rolls for free
Just for happening the cajonis to mention the nice engine John the Baker on Pinesville
We're in a home Depot center just west of flamingo road and the brand new John the Baker with the Sterling town center
On the corner Sterling and the Pine Island Road and Cooper City delicious fresh Italian goodies all your favorites like sausage and peppers
Chicken Parmesan
Veal Parmesan or that Parmesan is Mr. Ego would say baked CD in lasagna and like I said the best garlic rolls of size of Kimbo campers
As they are out of this world and no forget all their fantastic subs like these sloppy sausage sub out of this world
And the pizza is good as anything you'll find in South Florida ask anybody who's ever been to John the Baker's
They'll tell you it is absolutely
Positively the best there is they give you huge fresh portions nothing soggy or a gooey everything is made fresh and
Don't forget because the prices are so reasonably you can bring the whole family call ahead for takeout in Pembroke Pines
954
431 435 15
Even when you call say that Neil Rogers guy told me to call and I'll say who in Cooper City 954
252
0091
252 009 one like I said always giant portions always delicious always fresh and always modest prices too
It doesn't get any better than John the Baker don't forget Tom Neill sent you for a six
I have a dozen of the real famous garlic rolls free with your meal John the Baker
This is meal Roger
This is five sixty two eight
oh
Well, I was at the nudie bar the day of my arrest
I was getting laugh dancers from girls were fake breasts
I just wanted to chill have a drinking kick back watch them lose the tops and show me the ragged number
Kids welcome knock you off your block when I have too much
I should better call the cops
Demola Anderson is my ex-girlfriend that heard that she's with Tommy Lee again
I'll get back to you. I'm appointed by my tenancies far. I posted three grand and bail and I was behind bars
You can get them right now get them while they're hot my heart and grab mug shots when she wasn't such a bad boy
This is
The things in an image I
Boy
Baby
The container appreciate fell safety inspection over and toward it
There's not a good reason to hop on this place. It's man. It'll be safe
And like who is in the Bronx like Virgil Solasso
And there wasn't man. I'll cap them a clusky
So here's a fact Heather Graham for the pull we put a runner no
Because you've seen her naked millions many many times and also George says how he burry and Charlie's they're on a vulgar naked
But they keep faxing about that. We just keep it in fact
These are people on this pool who haven't been seen naked in right
Christ almighty even I seen how these berries in
Monsters right balls just this lord it really well
That's a raspberry you're talking about. I was probably trying to tell me how much very when surprised me if he's got one
And the body's coming up at two and they two to four revolving slot and Curtis
We got nobody on today. We're the we're the we're the only show right regular time. There was no Hank this morning
No, well two to four is no show anyway
No mad dog and no any K. We got Tom Jirka tonight 1030 and they liked that so we're like we are absolutely
Rock solid although we didn't have the big oh really this morning before anybody got up
But he was there so don't leave him out a few left out
83 for Jessica Simpson 83 for Jessica Alba can't get any tighter than that no cute lines now
51 votes
Preacher's wife confesses to kill him see I've been holding off on this story because I knew there'd be a resolution
That's right, maybe and it resolved the way we thought it would the wife of a slain Tennessee minister is confessed to killing and police say today
Selmer police said the Alabama
Selmer is that like Selmer Alabama said the Alabama Bureau of oh and in fact at Selmer, Tennessee
The Alabama Bureau of Messy is which is taking part in questioning
Mary Winkler in foreign police of the confession Winkler 32 and if she's getting a Henry Winkler
Hey Henry to the billion phase of charge of first to be murdered for the death of her husband Matthew Winkler 31
Oh miss mark pata was on her on the MSNBC little while you see her
Though she's looking really fake the body of Matthew Winkler a popular preacher in the small town of Selmer was discovered when's the
Families home Mary Winkler found later with her children Alabama with a banjo underneath was questioned by authorities Thursday night in this moment
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said a gap of enough information to charge her after speaking with her and getting search warrant for several locations
Mary Winkler's not made a public statement
But Matthew Winkler failed to show up for a midweek service at the fourth three church of Christ
Connery and Swin looking for them
They went to the church personage and it where no one answered when no one answered
Connery has found Winkler dead in the bedroom
He'd been shot in the back, but there were no signs of a struggle
We didn't know for more than 28 hours his body was in that home TBI spoken Jennifer Johnson said must have smelled little gaming in there
Even with a body of a preacher man that ain't long enough after the body was found authorities
I shouldn't nationwide amber alert for the couples three children Patricia Aide Mary Alice six and Brianna one
authorities assumed the wife would need to be a suspect or a victim
Well, that's that kind of narrow the down doesn't it police an orange beach Alabama nearly 250 miles from Selmer
Spotter the family's minivan and stopped that there's the evening assistant police to you Greg duck said a Greg duck
That's for Greg read Greg next time we come into building
Duck
Duck said the children were very good condition they wanted way to get something to eat when officer pull over their toilet
A sienna investigators have found a evidence of a history of domestic violence these slain creatures parents have requested custody of the three children who in the custody of the
Alabama authorities
Selmer resident said they were shocked at the preacher's death. Were you shocked?
Those grad Mary Winkler is always seeming like the perfect mother the perfect wife was very loving children
See those that wants to be very nervous about the ones that seem like the perfect you know, film and watch whatever
Be real nervous like like the perfect caller be very concerned about that WQA man might be here. Hello
Yeah, I got some for your poll. Yeah, Tyler
Live Tyler
Then they can make it then naked or she
I'm sure she's been naked, but have we seen it? Yes? Oh, or imagine everybody's been naked maybe even the only a birth
That's he's got the Mormons okay, we can't put a runner. She's been naked this guy just in the work and work and he's seeing
I'm sure in quarantine beauty as you're back. Is it stealing beauty and they have the grandfacts or facts back wanting to know where he can see Heather
Grandnaked how about boogie nights full frontal baby right starters that was on my cable just a couple of my
And it just happens to be a good movie to it and it's only when roller good movies out standing and roller girl baby and wow
Yeah, even burials is good now, which is the sienna hell of a lot. That's that's quite an accomplishment. Hey bird you fairy
139 there's another one. Let's see you got the Tom. What's the name Tom?
Celic I'm talking about people are keep holding press conferences around so they're not gay Tom
Celic burnt Reynolds Michael Jackson held about 400 of them and Tommy Cruz and
Jeremy Volta has done that yet, but I'm sure after the South Park episode you fairy
Not fooling anybody not fooling anybody with an IQ larger than their
Pinkie. Oh my god. They're pinky winky beach Ford is gone mad
It's madness and March all this month of beach Ford
They just miss breaking their all-time record in February so why not do it this month?
And they're given it the best shot right now extended camp for defon 50s hours. Low is just
$249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with approved credit in 39 month lease
madness and march at beach Ford means you must be mad you got to be crazy not to take advantage of rebates and discounts like these
Up to ten thousand dollars are all new and used vehicles if you're not in the market for new carbon
Somebody was said they're asked into beach for it and the rest of them too because if they take delivery and March beach Ford
Will send you two hundred dollars in cash just for sending them by and because that money comes from their advertising budget
They won't tack it on to your friends price and rip his ass off
Don't miss out on this once you're event beach for it's madness and March a extended camp for defon 50 is low is
249 a month this counts and rebates up to 10 grand and two hundred dollars for referring your friends
So hurry on in you'll find beach for located just two miles east of the golden grades
163th Street West Dixie Highway guarantee I'll bet everybody in the world's life on it. You'll love your beach for it experience
This is me
This is by
pedophile
in
Take
Be
Is
Everyone check the other guys. It's probably the whole theme.
As we set a strong habit.
As we set a strong habit.
That's right.
Not to mention any names, of course.
By the way, Babe Ruth had a lifetime batting ever just 342.
Very bonds like them, ever just 300.
Oh, it's batting, Advertisers. So important.
And keep in mind the pre-expansion versus post-expansion in any sport,
whether it's hockey, baseball, any sport we try to compare,
all time with the new time, the post-expansion,
watered down version of the game, all these minor league pitches
were supposedly major league pitches.
Well, you should know that covering the Marlins all this time.
Anyway, are you trying to tell me that players were better back then in the 20s?
I am trying to tell you that the quality of the athlete on fewer teams was better.
Yes, quality of the players.
You know, that just says it all right there.
Says what?
No, you're good. Just go on with the show.
Plus Babe Ruth said one lost record is a pitcher.
How many games did the very bonds pitch?
Yeah.
Sports for so good people could just play all positions back then.
That's great.
Babe Ruth played all positions.
No, he played pitcher and the right player.
He played prior to your right.
So, if anybody here in Black Panther batting average by the way,
it's 340.
Nobody cared about that.
It's like, it's like, it's passed out on there that the Lord bonds it's a lever being.
Didn't have to do steroids.
Although he was the luckiest thing on the face of the game.
I know what it was.
I know what.
The size of the lose and broad.
You had no idea.
Oh, Babe Ruth?
Yeah.
And hot dogs.
He was a pig.
He was a fat booze and hot dogs.
That was his claim to fame.
He used to shovel down like a whole bunch of winners.
Anyway, move it along.
We don't want to touch that.
146, 14 to 2, a QM is a jar she just banked into a corner with the terabod.
I'm going to go out and get that book this week and I'll prove it.
And I'll send it to you just like I did the, um,
Pete Rose one that we go for at 10 pages up and through the wall.
That would be Jose Conceco.
But I mean, I mean, Jose Conceco.
Well, yeah, sorry.
Same difference.
Full of crap.
Although Pete Rose was a better player than Jose Conceco.
And wasn't all built up and muscled up with steroids.
It didn't go to light of Congress.
Although we did lie about betting on baseball, I think.
Well, maybe let's argue about let's put Pete Rose in the hall of fame.
You want to spend some time on that?
I mean, we got all these people dying.
Yeah, let's spend the 16 minutes on it.
No, it's not.
John Stewart plugs fine goal, censure call.
Senator Russ Feingold goals call for centering president Bush.
Has him one more important congress, but he won a backer Wednesday.
John Stewart hosts of cable television to daily show.
This feels like some attempt at accountability.
Stewart told Feingold, Democratic Wisconsin.
At the end of these senators appearance on the Comedy Central Show.
One's done.
And that's what I really like about it.
And so I appreciate that.
And thank you for it, Stewart added.
And I hope that your colleagues let you still eat at the lunch table.
Stewart, a liberal who nonetheless skewers both Democrats and Republicans
as popular among younger viewers under the age of 100.
Feingold's appearance on the show could help and broaden his appeal for potential
2008 presidents or campaign.
All we is.
Oh, I got a problem with that.
That what do you think?
I would tell that it was the Congress that makes the laws the president
supposed to sign them.
He's supposed to enforce them instead, Feingold,
who received an enthusiastic response from the audience.
He's not just supposed to make them up.
Feingold's resolution would censure the president for authorizing a warrantless surveillance program
where it's the senator contends his illegal
rather than making use of a law covering such wiretacks.
White House argues that Bush was authorized to do so.
Under his power as a commander in thief.
Stewart told Funnily,
tentative response to Feingold's proposal to generate on Capitol Hill.
So far only two senators both Democrats have signed on his co-sponsors.
A lot of your Democratic colleagues are reacting as though you're Jack Abramoff.
And you have a casino you want to talk to them about,
Stuart Joke, referring to the disgraced lobbyist.
Feingold has accused Democratic colleagues of cowering,
said it was important for the party to show some backbone.
Oh hold your breath for that.
How many times we're going to let George Bush and Dick Cheney say,
you guys don't support the troops you're not patriotic
and let them push us around as Feingold,
whose appearance was by a satellite from Milwaukee.
We have to stand up to them, he said.
Stuart played a clip from a recent news conference
of House Majority Leader John Bainer
in which the Ohio Republican said,
if Feingold, sometimes he'd begin to wonder if he's more interested
in the safety and security of the terrorists
as opposed to the American people.
After the audience groaned at Bainer's comment,
Stuart asked how long he'd been working with the terrorists
and are they nicer than they seem.
Oh no, there are bad bunch Feingold said laughing.
Feingold conceded that a member of his own family
questioned the proposal.
My daughter called me up and said,
Dad, what are you doing?
This thing hasn't been done since the 1830s
so it takes him explaining Feingold said.
That's what I like about you, Senators Stuart,
said you're kicking it old school.
Oh no.
The only president ever sent you by the Senate
was Andy Jackson in the 1834
for removing the nation's money from a private bank
and defiance of the Wig-controlled Senate.
That's what Moe said, he liked those Wigs.
Despite the friendly setting,
Stuart didn't let Feingold off without a dig,
rams with Wig,
changing the subject, if he said the McCain Feingold
campaign finance always ended
getting money out of politics.
How's that going, yes, sir?
Careistically, Feingold chuckled and responded.
We got rid of the unlimited contributions
raised by politicians.
Now we have to deal more with reform.
We called for public finance.
Have a look.
How do you like that?
John Stuart and the Russ Feingold,
there's your ticket for 2008.
Oh, there's, look at that.
And why this case is getting attention
from the legal community.
Just a short time ago,
Boncelo, you're asked a federal court
to hold the writers in contempt.
Get this because the writers will lie
on those grand jury transcripts in this book
whose possession and publication they
consent is illegal.
And that's not all.
Later today, Boncelo, you're planned to ask the court
that the writers and publics
are putting in the same authority.
You're looking at this.
Not be able to keep any profits.
Why?
Because they had an illegal and unfair
business advantage they plan to say in court,
which happens to be against the law here in California.
Since they were in possession of the secret transcripts,
Michael Reigns is Boncelo.
Yeah.
The allegations in the book are simply a rehash
of the same tired and unsupported allegations
that these folks have been writing about for months and months.
Okay, if you happen to be a supporter of Boncelo,
you probably realize from the legal standpoint,
it's essentially impossible to stop the sale of a book,
especially now that it's already on shelf.
So, you can copy.
Of course, very bonds and you say,
this is really probably their best legal
recourse.
If you do not, if you happen to be a very bond critic
and there seems to be more and more of them,
then you say this may just be about face saving.
Either way, we'll see Chris with the court
decides a little bit later today.
Okay, I'm going to go out and get that book right now.
I'll write you a whipped up about it, George.
Yes, even George is.
What?
Why do cash find a New Orleans home?
Now we're talking.
Trista Wright was spending her spring break
cleaning out Hurricane Damage Homes.
We're going to see all these kids that went over there
to help out all the best for people in the Orleans.
That was kind of nice.
They made me tear it.
Stupid, but nice.
Well, these are the kids that couldn't get any action,
so they figured, well, let's go do something productive.
I know that sounds terrible,
but you just know that's true, right?
Trista Wright discovered some unusual papers
among the moldy plastic board and debris in this house.
I started raking it out of the air conditioner vent.
I thought it was garbage.
I was going to shovel it up,
but I vent time to pick it up and it was a stack of $100 bills.
And then more and more kept coming out
the 19-year-old said, Tuesday on CNN.
By an unofficial count, it was more than 30 grand.
By 30,000 dollars.
Wright and fellow students notified the organizers
of the church mission and told the St. Bernard Parish
Sheriff's Office, oh, these kids make me ill.
But you would you notify anybody?
Yeah, myself.
Right. And my accountant.
Name your pocket.
Your wallet.
The woman who owned the house who was asked
that she not be identified was the shock to his right.
She was speechless, said, right?
An Armstrong and Lannister University student
was among 175 Georgia college students
spending their week off volunteering
in these cities, Arabia area.
Deputy Gary Adams verified the identity
of the woman who owned the home.
Adams said, it's not uncommon to find weapons
or medications behind the walls of homes.
This is the biggest sum of hidden money he's ever heard of.
It's good to see someone finding something like that
and turning over to the proper authorities
and the rightful owner, he said,
I think I have to pile a crap.
By the pocket of that so fast.
It's okay, didn't, wouldn't you?
I don't care who you are.
Right.
You just cost for $6,000 or $30,000.
How much?
The one story.
The one story house was flooded in the Eves by Katrina
and aside from the hidden money,
none of its contents could be saved.
Well, thank God they saved the money.
There's money, sure, more important
than a lot of Trotskies, you know?
Haley Barton, a fellow student, was in the house
with the right, said there was never a question
of keeping the money.
I think it's expected of us as young people
or people of any age this day
to go in and take it and not be faithful
or trustworthy and turning it in.
But that wasn't even an option for us, you said.
To which I say,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
yeah, a fool in the other money is so far.
I'll say it.
All I can say to you is
$6,000 and one company.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.16 Q.A.
My name is Go, WQ.A.A.
And we can sell,
but we can sell.
My name is
Grafo,
Thanks a lot.
You die!
Oh, you die!
Who is the inventor?
For such a long time!
With the bush-try,
Fabbling ooo!
I ask you, what would these take?
For them an object
greater with a shoe-taste?
I'm a fool!
Who is the inventor?
Who is the inventor?
For such a long time!
Who is the inventor?
For such a long time!
And the way you've got
you get us we have some food!
You know, good job us!
We know, five, six loads
four, two, five
we will make new guys!
Five, six, seven, eight, eight, eight!
Thanks, everyone!
Four and ninety-one!
What we have to do
most of our lives
yes, whenever we were given
through the parts of the food
we had women
our best and most beautiful guys
Two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, five
we'll change your mind
and it won't be hard
to find us
of the old&trace heart
and to you
for the food first we own that food
to all the food
but we will make
you guys
and we'll do what we want
to do about it
you'll fare it
Okay, 159, we got the Gully sitting by over to the Yanta Center and then we got Curtis from Addog for the 7th.
All building up to the Panther Ranger game.
Any interest with Yami Yager and Marty Straca and Henry Klunt and Lunkwist and all those other go-
The game, baby.
The game, be there or not.
Okay, here's the poll.
Which of these women would you like the most?
Nicky, do you haven't seen Nicky?
I already got a fantastic battle going on.
Isn't that interesting that five years ago need to one of these chicks runner?
That's how the world turns.
They're turning it.
Jessica Alba, 89.
Jessica Simpson, 85.
Nicky, Nick knows the nose.
Barbara Jennerbush, the busher of the president's daughter is 68.
The president's drunkenness.
Misbehaving daughters.
Jennifer Love, he was 64, fat.
Shakira 52, Shania 2040, Beyonce, Noel 37.
Dalley's part in it, 37.
Anna Cornelhoid, 35.
She's fallen big time.
And of course with those you probably fall to.
Sandra Bullock, 34, huh?
All the time I like it.
Exactly.
And a whole bunch of other-
Bye, bye, bye!
