Prayer number one, damn it!
All right, all the white folks hate the black folks
and the black folks hate the white folks
to hate all but the white folks
is an old established rule about your reign
National Brotherhood we too
National Brotherhood we too
Lena Horn and Sheriff Park are dancing cheap to cheap
Fun to utilize but people you despise
as long as you don't let them in your school
All the poor folks hate the rich folks
and the rich folks hate the poor folks
All of my folks hate all of your folks
it's American as Apple Pie
but you're an rational brotherhood we too
National Brotherhood we too
New Yorkers love the quattro rickans
cause it's very cheap
Step up and shake the hand of
someone you can't stand
you can tolerate him if you try
All the Protestants hate the Catholics
and the Catholics hate the Protestants
and the Hindus hate the Muslims
and everybody hates the Jews
but you're an rational brotherhood
National Brotherhood we too
National everyone smile at
one and nothinghood we feed
nice to people who are inferior to you
it's only four a week so have no fear
Be grateful that it doesn't last for a year
We have to play dancing in the street
by Martha and the Van Della's
I got in here I got about 75 different copies of it
but it would be much easier if you got it
or let me boot up a little bit
They're dancing in the streets of Highly
and street water maybe in little Havana
They're dancing in the streets
without Martha or the Van Della's
or the Van Della's
to Helmins Fidel
and I'm sure like to know what the last all are going to change
anything going to change like all the time soon
no then that Raul, you know he's 75
there we go, Martha and the Van Della's
we brought our friends in Highly of both of them
and little Havana and South Beach
I'm so happy to be with you
I'm so happy to be with you
She has treated all of us
I did a beautiful song for her
I'm so astered
Anyway here's George's pull from yesterday
who gets the most preferential treatment
715 votes and you were right
they said it was pretty tight though
I voted for celebrities and celebrities one
to 18
Except for Mel Gibson by the way
That's just an eighth-high semi
but a crazy person
Crazy person
The apple doesn't fall apart from her
her mouth is ass
I'll take it that
I think it fell right in the middle of his crack
Him and daddy
and anyway we'll get back to that
about the passion of a Christ
it made him about $100 million
it's a damn good thing for him
because he ain't going to be getting too much work any time soon
In fact
Where's that story?
I got to weigh down on my pile
because quite frankly
there's somebody other
much more important things going on
than freaking Mel Gibson
There are
Well not really
I mean what could be more important than that
I can't even find it
Oh here it is
ABC said the note of the miniseries
Oh come on now
Yeah here it is
ABC pulls Mel Gibson Holocaust miniseries
Not because of his anti-semitic comments
in his tirade when he was arrested for his DUI
But because they said there's no script
Yup it's been two years
and that we're still hasn't seen a script for this miniseries
So they said bye bye Mel
Adios
Apocalypse though
We're supposed to start the separate
Oh no that no that no that's a different thing
That is his movie
He's self-financed
It's just like the passion of the Christ
Manian language movie
Apocalypse
What is Manian language?
Oh my and I think it's supposed to be
Oh my oh I'm reading it wrong
You're right, my and what did I call it?
Manian
Manian
Manian
Manian
My and the language movie Apocalypse though
Not you're in
No you're in it
Although I'm a little bit pissed off
I read that wrong
December 8th
Apocalypse is coming out
And Disney is going to put it out
Of course Disney is owned by ABC
Or the other way
Of course it's sure
They don't care if they can make some money
from it they'll put it out
Just like all this fiddle business
Who gets the most preferential treatment celebrities to 18?
Hot chicks 188
Rich people 164
Politicians 91
And then is a big drop off after that
Cuts only 29
The Bosses girlfriend 12
Anybody you have in mind?
No no no
Gangsters 9 and the Bosses family
Solomantic Quattro only 4 out of 75
1715
Oh look at that they're dancing in the streets of South Florida
I mean this is like the one woman of our lives
Everybody's going to take it
You know what really gets me is that all these punks
You see all these kids?
Oh yeah
There isn't one of these people that has none
And the nose of fiddle Castro from your fat ass
So neither none of them or their own ass
That's what really cracks me up
All these punks dancing
They're having a blocked party
We're having a party over here
Yeah as our late friend used to say
Hard
Yeah
There you go
Big party time
God this crazy
Crazy all these ethnocentric people man
It's all they know from
All of them
I like that word
You know what I mean
No matter what it is
Pick the group
Pick the group
I really love that
That our racism can't be honest
She's back home in South Florida
Look at that she's the killing
I kicked in any plan but they've had one in place for years
For example
Where the hell is she?
Where the hell is she?
There is a
Pervent of change in power
Whenever fiddle somewhere nearby
For an example
The coastline
All right
Actively
Adjuice
There we go
It ships at sea
What?
Watch for a possible exit as of Cuban exiled
Heading to Miami
And vice versa
Why would they be going to Miami and listen?
All you old green to is here's your chance baby
Any second if you'll cross
Get on those rubber rafts man
Look at that there's all the boats
Look at that
My psychic or what?
There's all the little boats going around in circle
Hey Bill let that go to the red speedo
And that's how we look around in circles
I'm Florida
I think
Was it Billy Preston today?
Yes it was
Wow I'm sharp as a marble today man
Anyway we'll get to Fidel
We'll get to all of this important stuff
And save the world from itself
Not
There you go
We'll go around in circles
So yeah
Yes it will
What?
Trust me
That girl looked like a circle
Jerk
890 votes
89 WLS in Chicago
Anyway 890
We're going to make that thousand maybe
We're going to be over a thousand possibly by 11 o'clock
Wouldn't that be a feather in my cap or what?
That'd be so much
By the way we had an eight point chair
We're number one and we're pretty proud of it
Thank you so much
Couldn't have done it without our great audience out there
How did we do that in the midst of all these
Smarmy numbers on this radio station
Oh my god
And Jim Ascarni I don't care what your buddy the Humper says
Okay no Hank is loyal to all his race track buddies
Jim Ascarni
What did I always tell him?
And we used to do the crossover about Sarni
An old trod
Remember that? That's what I've been told
Never meant the guy but from this picture in the Sun
Settler that he put in there my god
He makes me feel like Brad Pitt
Good golly
Plus it looks like he's smelling like he farted real bad
And it's like he can't get to
Or somebody else farted bad
And he can't get the aroma out of his face
Cut that sing constipated expression on his face
He writes
Bougain Zaslow our radio is dynamic duo
This is one of his columns this past week
I'm not going to waste my time with all of it
And then he does as an afterthought
Remember the QM rules the air
It costs $790 the ticket
But it'll be put a boop that about
We'll get to that in a minute
But he starts out
Bougain Zaslow our radio is dynamic duo
Johnny Carson at Ed McMahon
Signed hell that George Costanza
And it's out for a Bougain Zaslow
Oh yeah
The boop Shambhi show that's his producer on $790 the ticket
Shambhi steers the ship with first made Zaslow
With his sides screening the colors
And adding his thoughts with the dash of humor
Bougain encourages me to chime in
Zaslow 25 who joined the ticket
And by the way the juice is all done
He's out
He left
And what's his name?
Sid the Rosencrantz virgin steen the shorts
He's gonna do midday's alone
Until he bales goes back to New York
If he gets that job
So they're gonna they're just gonna sign off in midday
And still probably get the same number
You know
They got a 1.1 in midday
Here's a guy that's doing a one share from 1 to 4 day afternoon
And he's the part of radio's dynamic duo
I mean I got news for you, Starni
You're such an idiot
I bet you the people at the Sunsettle when they see your column
And they just pee all over themselves or reach out to each other
It's just unbelievable
It's incredible
Zaslow has his limits of loyalty though to the boopster
It says when Shambhi suggested he get Bougalissue shaved into his head
Zaslow said no
Now maybe if he get Bougalissue's tattooed on your ass
Speaking of tattooed, you know
A&E, remember how many times they've talked about A&E in the fact that they got a lot of shows in there were alike?
Right
They also have a lot of shows on
I don't understand that network, what are they thinking about?
Have you ever seen that show, Inked?
Yeah, we watched it
You watch it?
I have watched it
About tattoos?
About tattoo parlour?
Yeah
They got chicks in there getting their asses tattooed
Oh I see, that's why you watch
They're boobs and they're all half naked tattooed
They got so many stupid shows on there
Now then they're growing up throwing up gaudy thing they had
I think it's still on there
Are they A&E?
Yes
A&E is god a hell man
This is supposed to be kind of like an intellectual that they put every kind of swill on there
They want to make money too
No
Well I'm going to take the break like a little
Because I got so many fish to fry here
Plus I'm reaching over and I'm shutting that thing off
I'm not taking any calls today
You know it
During the summertime I mean it's the first of August
We're not allowed to take calls on the first of August
Oh okay
Tues the August
What did I call it the Manian language?
That was good
We're going to make that up
Let's have a minion for the May of my Mayans
912 votes
We're going to make that 1000 by 11 o'clock
And then we can all go home
How's that?
That sounds like a plan
Sounds like a plan to me
We're kicking ass here between 10 and 2
The rest of the day
And then of course the sarny continues
And I threw that away already
That story?
I hope so
No
He continues to say
WQM should continue his mastery in the fall
When it reunites its murderers roll line up
Neil Rogers at 10 a.m. Jim Manage at 2 and Hank Goldberg at 4
Goldberg will return from the morning shift
Thank God
Will share the 4 to 5 hour with Mad Dog
That was my idea by the way
I just mentioned that in passing
It's my idea
Forget that I said that if that hour didn't turn out too good
Storges idea
What a joke
Exactly
So Hank's to get out of the morning
Which he never belonged there in the first place
Nice move again Greg
Greg read the antichrist
I bet you've looked at all this stuff that's going on in Cuba
In the Middle East and Samadhiya
And all the hot spots in the world
A right or right that are ran in Afghanistan
I bet you that Greg's the man
I bet you that Greg's the man
I bet you that he's got his finger in all of it
That's what I heard
Wouldn't be the first time either
From it its past 10 we got the boat camp at 2 o'clock this afternoon
Kimba
Mad Dog at 4 630
The Marlins on deck boy
Did they pound the Phillies yesterday or what
Was it 15 to 2?
That's right
They pounded their ass
Because they were really peeled after getting swept at double head around Sunday
Of course they probably wasted a few of those runs
Marlins and the Mets
That's a home game I believe is it not?
I'm not sure
No you
You know if you're not on the payroll you just have no interest
Then that's what really gets me about you
I will look it up right now
Marlins on deck
I know it's a home game
It's at P.P. Park
The Red Hot Mets
The first place Mets coming to town to play the Marlins 705 tonight
And Eddie K follows the baseball
That's our agenda for you
That's our schedule
Did you look it up?
He's doing it there
Not a small process
It says the Marlins versus it doesn't say at the Mets
So that means it's a home game
You better start learning your schedules here Mr.
Your clearance is going to give you what for
And if he can do it, double do it
Well you ready to make the move to a better night sleep called
Dottomatric
And 1-800-Matric
Dottomatric has got clearance pricing on all existing inventory
Of Seely Poster-Petix from All Supplies last
Seely is changing their entire line of Poster-Petix mattresses
You will save on all sizes and cover levels
So call 1-800-Matric right now for the absolute best selection
And of course the Seely Poster-Petix is perfect for students setting off the college
And Dottomatric serves all major campuses along the east coast
Dottomatric will deliver within a tour window today you choose
That's one reason why Dottomatric continues to be ranked number one in the world
In overall customer satisfaction
I wouldn't dream of slumping any bedding or mattress doors
When you have to do is make that one easy call
To make a night of tossing and turning into a night of peaceful slumber
On a Seely Poster-Petix mattress for you your college student kids
Or some stranger on a street corner
Call Dottomatric's toll free 1-800-Matric's by the way Gary Sarner I got news for you
You should all write a copy like Fat Boy did well
You are really weak Gary you're weak you're pathetic
Man go over and treat his house
Call Dottomatric 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
Leave off the list as because it stands for sensational saving
This is meal-rudging stupid sales of this
This is 5.62 A-S
Okay watch out on this bit now there's a couple of little love
Yeah I'm good
I'll be right on top
Past the forget the love of you
But we just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Absolutely
Cast a spell
You are clipped past us
Too long you've lasted
The Bay of Picks should have worked
The day you make me sick
Get out of here but quick
You are so God
You amigo son of a bitch
How do you like that?
Best fall we know you like
Are you behind the striker
Where are you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
Absolutely
More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, get out now and free your nation
Are you into masturbation?
See there will live the embargo
Cuba will become another key logo
USA
USA
USA
We're turning roads, wraps and roads away
I lost it
Cast a spell
Get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Cast a spell
You are clipped past us
Too long you've lasted
The Bay of Picks should have worked
My puppy
You're sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You are so God
Bigger son about a bitch
Best fall we know you like
Are you behind the striker?
Where are you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, get out now and free your nation
Are you into masturbation?
Cuba will become another key logo
USA
USA
We're turning roads, wraps and roads away
You lost it
You lost it
They're having a big black party all over South Florida baby
Only one thing to say
I, Papa Wampalu
Anyway, before we get to that crap
And I do mean crap
Because I'm so sick and tired of this
All these idiots dancing
And dancing on the streets for what?
He's not dead yet
Well, we'll do this signal okay
We'll let you know what's time for the black party
We'll shoot a gut up in the air
What?
We'll shoot a gut up in the air
That's it, like it's the fourth of July
But before we get anything about Fudel
And remember Iraq?
So that's this
This is the, not a mushroom cloud
This is a different kind of cloud
It's a smoke screen
A smoke screen
All these dead people in the Middle East
As opposed to all those dead people in Iraq
That we don't hear about anymore
Because the media very easily and successfully
In fact, look at that
There it is on CNN
Crisis in the Middle East
There it is
24, 25, 8
25 hours a day, 8 days a week
But before we get to that
Robert Fist who lives in Lesbonne, by the way
One of my favorite comments
He writes for the British newspaper, The Independent
Because he's surely going to be writing for no American newspapers
Because they don't want to give you the truth
They just want to give you a bunch of proper gander
He says, how can we stand by and allow this to go on?
I think just a headline of the article
You know, he's got a stomach right on it doesn't he?
But then again, you know, the question would be
How can civilized people stand by and allow this to go on?
Of course, the word civilized would be oxy, wouldn't it?
And the rush would be a poppinet
We found some oxies
Robert Fist says they wrote the names of the dead children on their plastic shrouds
Mecti Hashem, age 7, Conner
Was written and felt on the bag in which the little boy's body lay
Who say Al-Mohamad, age 12, Conner
Abbas al-Shaloub, age 1, Conner
And when the Lebanese soldier went to pick up Abbas's little body
Advanced on a shoulder was the boy mud of them and his father's shoulder run Saturday the day before
In all there were 56 corpses brought to the entire government hospital
Other surgeries and 34 of them were children
When they ran out of plastic bags they wrapped small corpses in it in carpets
Their hair was matted with dust
Most had blood running from their noses
You must have a hardest stone not to feel the outrage that those of us watching this experienced on Sunday
This slaughter was an obscenity and atrocity
Yes, if the Israeli Air Force truly bombs with a pinpoint accuracy of claims
This was also a war crime
Israel claimed that the missiles had been fired by his beloved gunman from the South Lebanese town of Conner
As if that justified this massacre
Israel's Prime Minister Aehood Olmour talked about
Muslim terror threatening Western civilization
As if they his beloved killed all these poor people and those children
And in Conner of all places
For only 10 years ago this was the scene of another Israeli massacre
The slaughter of 106 Lebanese refugees by an Israeli artillery battery
As they sheltered in a UN base in the town
More than half of those 106 were children
Israel later said it had no lifetime pilotless photo reconnaissance aircraft over the scene of that killing
A statement that turned to be untrue
When the independent discovered videotape showing just such an aircraft over the burning camp
It is Zif Khan who's inhabitants claim that this is the village in which Jesus turned water into wine
Has been damned by the world doomed forever to receive tragedy
And there was no doubt of the missile which killed all those children on Sunday
It came from the United States
And upon a fragment of it was written for use on MK-84 guided bomb BSU-37B
No doubt the manufacturers can call it combat proven because of destroyed the entire three-story house
In which the Shalub and the Hashim families lived
They had taken refuge in the basement from an enormous Israeli bombardment
And that's where most of them died
I found Nujah Shalubul through lying in the government hospital
Entire her jaw and face bandages like ropes pierced before his execution
She didn't weep, nor did she scream although the pain was written on her face
Her brother Taseer, who was 46, had been killed
So it was her sister Najla, so it was her little niece Zainab who was just six
We were in the basement hiding when the bomb exploded at one o'clock in the morning
She said, what in the name of God have we done to deserve this?
So many of the dead are children, the old and women
Some of the children were still awake in plain
Why does the world do this to us?
Sunday's death brought to more than 500 the total civilian dead are there and they're slow
It's over 600 now
The total civilian dead in Lebanon since Israel's sea air and land bombardment of the country began in July 12
After his beloved members crossed the frontier wire, killed three Israeli soldiers and captured two more
But Sunday slaughter ended more than a year of mutual antagonism with Lebanese government
As pro-American and pro-Syrian politicians announced what they described as an ugly crime
Thousands of protesters attacked the largest UN building in Beirut screaming destroy Tel Aviv, destroy Tel Aviv
And Lebanon's prime minister, the normally unflapable Fawad Senora, called U.S. Secretary-State Condom Lisa Rice in order to cancel her imminent peacemaking trip to Beirut
No one in this country can forget how President Bush, Mizrahi, and Tony Blair have repeatedly refused to call for immediate ceasefire
A truth that would have saved all those lives on Sunday
Mizrahi's would only say, we want a ceasefire as soon as possible
It remarked followed by an Israeli announcement that it intended to maintain its bombardment of Lebanon for at least another two weeks
Throughout the day, coniferages in civil defense workers dug through the ruins of the building with spades and with their hands tearing at the muck
Until they found one body after another still dressed in colorful clothing
In one section of the rubble they found what was left of a single room with 18 bodies inside, 12 of the dead were women
All across 7-11 and now you can find scenes like this not so grotesque and scale perhaps, but just as terrible for the people of these villages are terrified to leave and terrified to stay
The Israelis had dropped leaflets over China ordering its people to leave their homes yet twice now since Israel's onslaught began
The Israelis have ordered villagers to leave their houses and then attack them with aircraft as they obeyed the Israeli instructions and fled
There are at least 3,000 Shia Muslims trapped in villages between Kaliya and Iteroon, close to the scene of Israel's last military incursion of Bint Jabal
And yet, none of them can leave without fear of dying on the roads
And Mr. Olmer's reaction? After expressing his great sorrow, he announced that we will not stop this battle
Despite the difficult incidents like this morning, we will continue the activity and if necessary we will be broadened without hesitation
But how much further can it be broadened? Lebanon's infrastructure is being steadily torn to pieces, its villages raised, its people more and more terrorized
And terror was the word they used by Israel's American-made fighter bombers
His volas missiles are Iranian-made and was his volumetric start of this war with its illegal and provocative raid across the border
But Israel's savagery against the civilian population is deeply shocked not only the western diplomats have remained in Beirut, but hundreds of humanitarian workers from the Red Cross and Major Aid agencies
Incredibly, Israel yesterday denied safe passage to a UN World Food Program aid concoy on route to the south, a six-truck mission that should have taken relief supplies to the southeastern town of Marjoroon
More than 3 quarters of a million Lebanese have now fled their homes but there's still no accurate figure for the total number still trapped in the south
Khalil Shalhu, who survived amid the wreckage in Kana on Sunday, said that this family and the Hashem's were just too terrified to take the road to the road under the village, which has been attacked by a crack from more than two weeks
The seven-mile highway between Kana and Tyres littered with civilian homes and ruins and burnt out family cars
On Thursday, the Israeli Army's Al-Mashrik Radio, which broadcasted in the southern Lebanon, told residents that their villages would be totally destroyed if missiles were fired from them
But anyone who's watched Israel's bombing these past two weeks knows that in many cases, the Israelis don't know the location in which has been fired by missiles from and when they do, they frequently miss their targets
Oops! How can a villager prevent the Hezbollah from firing rockets from his street? The Hezbollah do take cover besides civilian houses, just as Israeli troops entering Vinci Violas, week also used to be in homes for cover
But can this be the excuse for such slaughter on such a scale? Mr. Senior, I addressed four diplomats in Beirut yesterday telling that the government in Beirut was not wanting to mandate an immediate ceasefire and would not interested any longer in a political package to go with it
Needless to say, Mr. Jeffrey Feltman, whose country made the bomb which killed the Emissions of Kana, chose not to attend
How could civilized people stand by and let this go on? Where are the civilized people? Do we know any? Let me know if you find any
This is Neil Rogers, the outside of the city, QAS
YAH!
Hey, hey!
Guys, guys, guys!
Hey, hey!
They used to say, last bad things, like he taped it up the air, when he was saved with a little cry, so they'd need me on hold
I wanted to go into space, no, media got on my chase, no I'd trade it in my life, get for a human bomb
You know that I can't fake no more guns if that's right, I'm supposed to go to the project or maybe I take guys
I know I stand by to head up the deep out nose, is that what that said in there, it takes it up the nose, I think so
The nose nose, 970 evos, only 22 away from 1000, we're gonna have 1000 before 11 o'clock today, how do you like that?
A rat, the power of...
Holy moly rat man, that is pretty shocking if you ask me, I mean ask him, Sarni, what do you think about that?
That old toad, you know, that old bufo toad? Hey, Sarni, you idiot, boost your end of the dynamic duo with a one share
I mean only a crazy person would write crap like that, you know, and he didn't even write anything in there about Evan Cohen this week, this week
Cuban President Fidel Castro was undergoing intestinal surgery and provisionally handed over power, he's not dead yet by the way, all you idiots dancing in the street
He's not dead yet, he'll probably live to 120 just to piss you off, just out of spite
He provisionally handed over power and the communist island nation to his younger brother Raoul, younger my ass, Castro Fidel is 79, Raoul is 75, not much younger
Castro secretary Carlos Balenciago, right a letter he said was from the present which he said, stress enforced a ministry and then he would be in bed for several weeks after the operation was complete, he'll be turning 80 August 13, maybe a crope before his aviath birthday, wouldn't that be good?
Or maybe write on his aviath birthday, maybe a big party in the streets man, can you imagine that?
All those young punks who wouldn't know Castro if he walked into their house right now, all of them, they're dancing, they're prancing, they're going nuts in the streets
Just another excuse for a drunken black party in the middle of summer, that's all
Raoul Castro also assumes control over the armed forces and leadership of the Kami Pincoparti
Last week Fidel Castro was only joking that he had no plans to still hold power when he turns 100, I like that
See never never speak prematurely man, there was a premature evaluation
Because last bulletin we had from Cuba, it not looking really very good for Fidel, isn't that what you heard? He was saying
That's what he said
Castro Assurge became weeks after a US government report called for the US to have assistance in Cuba within weeks of Fidel's death to support a transitional government
And help move the country toward democracy, and if that doesn't work it will do like we're doing in the rest of the world right now
We'll bomb them in democracy like in Iraq and in the Middle East and everywhere else
It's always worth it
If you don't want to voluntarily become part of this whole democratic, these are the birth pangs man, that's what Condom Liza said
Condom Liza, what does she know about birth?
Nothing, she knows a lot about pantsuits though
Sensable shoes
When Glantiss Morales heard that Fidel Castro had temporarily given up power she woke her 70 year old mother to celebrate with other Cuban exiles dancing in the streets of Haya Lilla
Oh my God! And there's pictures here just like the ones we saw in CNN of course this is the CNN website of the same punks carrying on in the streets
But I mean Fidel, what way? Who do I help with Fidel?
Big deal
Just like I said if you're so crazy about Cuba go there the hotel's there are phenomenal that's what Meyer Lansky said
Or if you're so crazy about Israel go there and hug their injury or it okay
The women who came to the US from Cuba in 1970 cheered Castro's illness in this heavily Cuban-American city
Northwest of Miami this year and things like we don't know where Haya Lilla is
Come on man, remember those beautiful big royal palm trees at the track at Osflamingo's right?
Before Jordan and he destroyed it all
As if to come and his leader many consider Averflostriktate were already dead many of which many hope was true
But he's not he's still alive they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
The first thing I thought of what I heard about Fidel's that only wish my Luis was here to see this
Mertemarralis said a relate husband who died April 2004
He would have been here with us laughing and celebrating with his people
Castro said in the statement read on Cuban TV last night that he had suffered intestinal bleeding
Apparently due to stress from recent public appearances in Argentina and Cuba he gave up power to brother Raul
Who's another old toad, comey pinko toad
Maybe they can all alok with Jim Sarni from the Sunsendle what do you think that's a good play?
Yeah, I like it and Rick Sanchez taken along with you too he was filling it on CNN this morning he was to fill him
South Florida Cuban-American community of about 650,000 is the largest segment of Florida's fast growing Hispanic community
And its influence has fell across the state
That's all the more reason why it's a major miracle that the Nearajar show was number one in the spring book
Between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. with a eight point share how do you like that kicking the kicking the ass out of the rest of the competition
You better mark that down because it probably won't happen again soon
Because you know what all the comments you're making you're gonna piss off the Jews
And I'm pissing off the Cubans and what we got left in the blacks don't like us anywhere those in the hot and the EDR
So what do we got to choose from huh?
And to be able to be in there listen to the radio swabi
We'll have all the rest of people with the old green teeth
They're listening to old Celia cruise records. What do we got left man?
We'll have to settle for the non-professional after mix
My first reaction was disbelief
My second reaction was hope said Armando Tellas who sat on the hood of his red truck
Watching his hundreds of cars clogged the streets of Haya Lea
This is a singular event in Cuba since the because there's never been anything that has given people so much hope
Hope of what?
Let's have another full Hensio Batista
Let's have another fascist in there what do you say?
Sure what are they?
Now we can bring the mob back in there, build some nice casinos
Michael we've got you all the way up here to fly to Havana you can actually fly right there from Miami
Get some of those cigars
Among these cigar smoking pot banging or is it hot?
I think they got that wrong among the pot smoke and cigar banging crowds
They're dancing baby
See you should let that go I keep talking it up and you keep dumping her
What you quit dumping on Martha would you?
Jesus my one moment in the sun shadow boy doing two days a week here in the summer time in this guy
They finally do something right and he cuts it off
Schmuck
Among the pot smoking cigar smoking pot banging cheering crowds waving Cuban flags
Are we back to that again?
Next thing you know they'll be driving around with his red flags on there
Which they are I understand some of them some of them morph our bison
Late last night in order there was a group dressed as migrants wearing life jackets
Pretending to paddle a cardboard boat on little Havana's Kai Ocho
Recalling the desperate journey many excels have taken across the Florida streets
All poor little alien little alienito let's bring him back for another unhappy meal at the you know where hey I'm the baby Jesus
This is a saying I understand that you turned wine into a wire blood into a wine
I did I'll tell you one thing maybe that's what they want
Maybe that's how we're going to bring Jesus back if there's a little bit more I don't imagine there's too much more blood left in
Conner they already spilled so much over the weekend but maybe Jesus will come back and turn into wine
There you go and he'll hold it up for the camera say try to wine
Yeah
This is a celebration of people of hope returning to their home country something that is 40 something years into making say Joe Martinez
Chairman of Dave County Commissioner who was born in Cuba
The transition of power in Havana would reshape Cuban American politics at Dario Moreno a political science professor at FIU
In Miami, this is a political earthquake mariner said the Cuban Americans are going to be pressuring their political officials
There's going to be a lot of pressure on Cuban American elected officials to deliver deliver what pizza?
Maybe a no-chase? That sounds good some pizza
Okay, why not?
Quiet. White House spokesman Peter Watt can set the administration was monitoring the situation
We can't speculate on Castro itself but we can continue to work for the day of Cuba's freedom he said
All right, the Cuban population in Florida is hardly unified with hardline exiles urging a tough stance against Castro
And the younger generation of Cubans who were born in the US are raised in most of their lives in the US
More likely to support engagement with Cuba and high earlier 34 year old Orlando Pino steered his bicycle with one hand and wave to Cuban flag with the other
He said he wants to return to Cuba with Castro rights
Bye bye Orlando bye bye. Well, Pacquiao sandwiches. Okay, Adios. You're a ghost
All these people threatening to see I think this is wonderful. I hope he croaks tomorrow
Yeah, and then then we'll call the bluff of all these people who've had one foot in you know you heard about that wet foot dry foot crap
This is one foot in and one foot out. It's kind of like you know Kevin Spacey
Depending on the day of the week. He's got one foot in the closet one foot out same thing you know one foot in Cuba one foot in the USA
And we'll see just how many people are in such a big hurry to go back and do a band in the life of luxury in South Florida
Okay, and the beauty and the the polatial surroundings of yadi yadi yadi yadi all out of the crap
Ten ten ten ten wins New York ten ten CFR B Toronto we got ten ten votes
Can you believe ten forty one in the morning and we have a thousand and ten votes how do you like their maples?
Right and I'm only just I have got stuff here today that will make your bottles quiver
I'm telling you right now for those of you who care those of you who are morons who don't care
You'll still be listening anyway, you know you just turn it up loud enough so it makes vibrations just put your hands on the radio
This is meal vibration in your rectum
This is 5.16 QA
It's a little old lady from higherly young
It's a little old lady from higherly young
It's a little old lady so ready slow with a baseball cap and a silver needle
It's a little old lady so ready slow
It's a little old lady so ready slow with a baseball cap and a silver needle
It's a little old lady so ready slow with a baseball cap and a silver needle
It's a little old lady so ready slow with a baseball cap and a silver needle
It's a little old lady so ready slow with a baseball cap and a silver needle
Don't try and blow your gun to agitate because you only keep sucking on a respirator
Now I can't think of no one who would make me mean it and that little old lady from higherly young
She crawled and she saw she's a real old boy and she's a jerk having their beach full of art
She's a little old lady from higherly young
It's a little old lady from higherly young
It's a little old lady from higherly young
It's a little old lady from higherly young
The most epicentered people in the world, please stand up. Oh look at that, they just all stood up together
This is the most important news perhaps in the history of mankind. Forget about Fidel, forget about the Middle East, forget about Baghdad, forget about Diabold and those fixed voting machines
US Secretary of State Condom Leaser rises renegade fashion sense and dominate three boots
Earn her a spot on vanity for his best-rest list alongside Alexa actress Renee Zellweger and Princess Princess William
Yesterday the magazine unveiled its annual top 10 list for the best-rest men and women and accrued actors pop stars and royalty
The few queens on the list I guess
In addition to rice, the best-rest women's list includes US television star Oprah Winfrey
How do you like that best-rest?
It looks like that pup tent that she wears. Everybody loves Oprah
Uh, actress Selma Blair, filmmaker Sophia Coppola
Raxinger Gwen Stefani and Charlotte Cassaragi daughter of Monaco's Princess Caroline
I never heard of Charlotte Cassaragi did you? No, we heard of Princess Caroline though
Yes, and I remember her mommy
Football star David Beckham made the men's top 10 list for the American actor George Clooney
You know something? No. He makes me sick to my stomach as much as I'd just like him before
Now that I watch that Surrey and I really despise him, I can't stand him
Well, he's a little bit of Gibson
In fact, you know something I see some similarities, okay?
Forget about the infestimantic part. I just can't stand George Clooney, it makes me nauseous
And anybody who missed that show when I give you my review, do not waste your time, do not waste your eyesight or your money or your ever watching Surrey and I
Okay, it is the biggest piece of turd
This jointed, this connected that tells you there's nothing in it of any like, oh yeah
Guys, and the oil moguls are crooks into they're making all the big money, no
No
Rapper Can you believe it West?
CNN anchor Anderson's Cooper, I told you there's some queens on here
And Prince Ernst August of Hanover, Princess Caroline's husband among others
The fashion glossy named Rice to a 67 list for her immaculately groomed and formatively dignified
But with an audacious renegade streak fashion sense, not to mention her black knee-high dominatrix boots
Yeah, yeah
Hey, Condom Liza, you're fairy
The magazine also inducted Queen Renea of Jordan, model Kate Moss at a vanity-fares fashion hollow flame
The list will appear in the September style issue, hitting new stands nationwide August 8th, oh we come today, can't wait
But Archer said it about that, Thurald Beelgley
Although what's your name didn't make it Mrs. Limbaugh, they're in K-Gill, they're going to be in the making
Miami-Spanner, this is the last thing I'm not going to get into important stuff as opposed to this all this hysteria
See when Castro dies, you can only imagine, you know he's got intestinal bleeding and he's turned the reins of power over to Raul temporarily for like a week and a half or whatever it's going to be
You can only imagine when he really does crow, oh by the way here's a bullet and Castro is dead
And you hear about Catherine Harris's plane?
No, what about it?
Let's just start making stuff up, okay?
What, I don't know, we'll get enough of Fox News
Right, that's right, Fox News is saying, oh I just said a story to a judge from about Fox News
Just ripping them and ass about how they're just sucking up to Israel and about the rationalizing even what happened in common no matter what
Just lying and lying and lying and pandering through their teeth
Rupert Murdoch is the anti-Christ
Miami-Spanner's language radio came alive last night and this morning his Cuban ex-house called in the late night talk shows
To theorize about what the news of Castro's surgery really meant really man in other words
There's something dark and dark and sinister here going on
That's right, what does it really mean?
You know I think it really means?
I think it means he's having surgery
Radio personality is like Marked-up for days of radio or radio mombi, custody audience to temperate or so
But that's another reason that we're not going to be able to compete during the summer months
Now that this thing just happened here, can you imagine a number for radio mombi?
Of course most of their audience is death plus ten, you know that's right
The old demographics
The old green two people they listen to radio mombi
Radio where I got a real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real
ah! not that we're dealing with people who get a little bit emotional at times.
there's nobody getting overly emotional and soft forward.
the only reason Cuba said anything otherwise we wouldn't even know he was sick he's dead another caller.
at WQBA, Cubaia, La Cuba Nésima, Cubaia, Cubaia,
radio personality said they had seen a copy of the statement issued by Castro and the signature did not appear to me
they come in Dante's giving fuel to the dead theory.
I think he's dead!
this is the beginning for the the infercature predict another caller.
some caller said they had reached relatives on the island they said fear and apprehension seem to be the prevalent emotions.
one woman said kind of like in a lot of that going around and loving on this letter
well you know they keep telling these people get off because you know we're going to be bombing and get on
the only problem is that a lot of these people don't have any cars and the people that do have cars can't get any gas to a go anywhere
because there's no gas they can say any commerce going on and number three of the roads are all bombed out anyhow but other than that
it's essentially yeah they said fear and apprehension seem to be the prevalent emotions on Cuba
one woman said her family was locked in her homes not sure what to make of the news
they're afraid that if they do anything implies that they're happy they're going to be arrested
just feel like in the US you know if the republicans should lose any election and you're happy about that
they will come and drag your ass away they'll be knocking on the door three in the morning
it'll either be the fascist regime where it'll be Xavier Suarez and his very fashionable bathroom
I'm sorry a hobby or so sometimes it's Xavier sometimes it's Javier sometimes it's Xavier Cougat etc.
we got a thousand and thirty-eight votes that's what the Cougat we got now remember Iraq what
because that exactly that's precisely right because that's this whole smoke screen that's going on right now
all these people are just a human sacrifice until this weekend when we find to go with a ceasefire
because they're already in fact I got that story too israel is ready to swap two hezbollah
captives for the two soldiers that they allegedly were so whipped up about you know this and this
is from the Israeli newspaper Haaretz is we ever released huh those are the types of it's too
yeah by elu Ben and Shlomo Shamir he sounds like a real anti-semage Shlomo
israel released two Lebanese prisoners in return for the two soldiers abducted by hezbollah as
part of a ceasefire agreement government and defense officials said yesterday the sources
added that the UN Security Council would call for a ceasefire in Lebanon Friday and it could take
effect as early as this Saturday oh air a Shabbat alternatively the fighting might continue for
a few more days prime minister Aeb Houd Olmert who's a certifiably crazy person to a british prime
minister toti toti Blair that as soon as an international 40 poise along the israel of it on
in syria 11 these borders it'll be possible to implement a ceasefire immediately after soldiers
el uh dad Raeghev and Aeb Houd Goldvass are were captured uh Goldwater Olmert said that israel
would not negotiate a prisoner exchange for the release the position he also took following the
abduction of israel defense forces soldier Yilai Chalit in the Gaza Strip but it'd be put about
however with the fighting still ongoing government and military sources said that israel would
find a difficult to insist on this position in negotiating a ceasefire a Yadiah in a partridge
in a paratrooper so i guess they've got to tell us although then probably by this weekend he'll say
oh no we need two three more weeks right then yet and that's something yeah we're not done killing
all those innocent people yet plus maybe a ten or twenty hezbollah now getting back to what i
started to see even out it's the same thing overshadowed by all that uh let's beneath crap
gunman dressed in military fatigues swooped on on the offices of the Iraqi american chamber of commerce
and a nearby mobile phone company yesterday season 29 people also yesterday at least 27 others were
killed or found dead in political or sectarian violence it's a blood bath it's a blood
bat it's a civil war it's a nightmare the kidnappings occurred around noon yesterday when armed
uniform men arrived in fifteen four-wheel-drive vehicles in the main shopping area of Karada
an upscale residential district where several prominent Shi'i politicians lived
four soldiers died in a suicide bombing in northern Iraq and it goes on it's just more of every
single day and of course you know a hundred hundred Iraqi civilians are dying each and every day
because of all this madness this lunacy that's going on that that a racquetek and in the meantime
how come nobody's being tried for war crimes huh the freedom is on the march how come nobody's
uh being held responsible for this bloodshed is lunacy this insanity how's it kind of butchered
washing is a busy uh meeting of people from a conference from american idol huh in his idol time
let me just tell you right now my best advice just keep in mind what i've been telling you for
a hundred years the world is a crazy place full of crazy people that's off apparently that's
correct thousand and fifty two votes what would be the last thing you'd watch on tv i don't think
i ever read the poll did i know but we still got a lot of votes the last thing you'd watch on tv fox
news good choice two hundred eleven there is and that's an oxymoron fox news there is no news
it's only proper gander religious programs one fifty four and that was a late addition like the
seven hundred club and uh all this other crap and James dobson and James Robinson and uh what's
that far missing up there in four lotterdale people playing cards poker uh
one hundred fifty four i was reading the other day that that stuff actually is very popular that
should tell you that's the end of the world it's coming people are watching other people playing
cards on television any so-called reality show one or one forty three and which includes i guess
a american idol and all the eighty five spin-offs um info mercials one thirty six i don't know why
some of them are very entertained especially the juicy man with the what's his image just turn
one hundred and fifty jackaline golf eighty nine wrestling fifty three soccer forty five i
hate this poll only thirty one they like it baseball sixteen network news meaning abc ccb s or
nbc fourteen and cnn only six by the way wolf blitzer is jewish and i guess what else is jewish
wolf blitzer is jewish yes with a crap name like that blitzer blin blin blin
blin she's blinces wolf blinces what i was like lightning let me say again wolf blitzer is
jewish okay keep that in mind this is the welcome rich and rough of you ain't oh five sixteen four
eight oh oh this is the neo-roger show
what's this your brain
oh
first i was indignant i was mortified living on at desert island with some red
macd Seeals and guise i want a million putt's in기는 one five try my stuff and the nation
I'm not even crying enough, but now I'm back in all the news.
I guess I shouldn't have made my taxes, but I've had so much to do.
I like to roam, fix up my homes.
I dream of men I would seduce, once I've had my press reduce.
But now I'm gonna do some time, but this looks just like the kind of place where I will do.
Just fine, open up those healing gates. I've got a smile on my face for the next four years or so.
I won't have problems finding gates. I will survive.
I will survive.
Let them.
I'm surrounded by a thousand men.
Who I feel alive, but towards this here is where I live.
I've got so much love to give, so I'll survive.
I will survive.
Yes.
Here.
The heck with 40, oh!
It comes with Mr. Hordeo.
Oh, let's see, Dr. Thrill, there's one.
That's a good one for the pool. What about Oprah?
Huh? We'll put them both on there.
Put them both on there, Dr. Thrill, and beyond a shadow without I wouldn't want to have been beaten by the second.
Oprah, right.
Okay, thank you, Con.
Hi, K, you were doubting my comments about Wolf's List Cree?
Well, I like the rehearsal before it, especially considering that.
Well, I wasn't really sure, but I noticed that his incredible slant, his pro-Israeli slant.
In fact, the last paragraph of his bio in Wikipedia says,
Blitzker, Blitzkrieg has regularly been criticized by some observers for what they see as a pro-Israel world view.
Now, would you like to find out why?
Okay.
Then sit back in your chair, and I'll tell you.
Why?
Well, I'd rather sit forward.
Wolf Blitzker, born March 22nd, 1948 in Buffalo, New York.
There's a big strike against him right there.
He's a Jewish-American journalist and author.
He has been a CNN reporter since 1990, and is known for his pedantic straightforward,
I see I put pedantic in there because he's ridiculous.
Let's go to Jack Cavarty in the situation, Murant.
Oh, he's just image-me-notchist.
Now, for a straightforward, hard news reporting style, Blitzker is currently the host of the newscast,
the situation room, and the Sunday talk show, late edition, with Wolf Blitzker.
Blitzker's previously hosted Wolf Blitz in reports,
which was replaced by the situation room.
Blitzker, whose first name is his maternal grandfather, is named grew up in Buffalo,
the son of Jewish Holocaust refugees from Poland.
He graduated from Kenmore West senior high school.
He received a BA degree in history from University of Buffalo in 1970, Big Macia,
and an MA degree in international relations from the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies in 1972,
while studying at SUNY Buffalo, Wolf was a brother of Alpha Epsilon Pye fraternity.
As was former CNN co-worker Robert Novak.
How do you like that? Did you hear that from him?
I heard him.
The honor of CNN co-worker.
The anxious Robert Novak, and don't blame me for a Valerie Plame.
His career in journalism began in 1972, and the Tel Aviv bureau of the Reuters news agency.
He soon moved to Washington DC, where he was White House correspondent for the Jerusalem Post.
Is the picture starting to fill out for you now?
Okay.
For the Jerusalem Post after his fell working for APEC as a lobbyist.
APEC, who got the history.
That's the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
In 1990, he was hired by CNN as a military affairs reporter.
His team's coverage of the first Gulf War in Kuwait won a cable ace award and made him a household name.
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf, Wolf
Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Algorithm
intellectuals and Christian Zionists.
Oh my God.
With its impressive contacts among Hill staffers,
influential grassroots supporters,
and deep connections to wealthy donors,
APAC is the lobby's key emissary to Congress.
But in many ways, APAC has become greater
than just another lobby.
Its work has made unconditional support
for Israel on accepted cost of doing business
inside the halls of Congress.
APAC's interest, Israel's interest,
and America's interest are today perceived
by most elected leaders to be one of the same.
Christian conservatives increasingly aligned with APAC,
demand unwavering support for Israel
from every Republican leaders.
And may July, 3000 plus evangelicals came to town
for the first annual Christian United
for Israel summit meeting.
And Democrats are equally concerned
about alienating Jewish voters and Jewish donors
longer cornerstone of their party.
Some in Congress are deeply uncomfortable
with APAC's militant worldview and heavy-handed tactics
but most dare not say so publicly.
The Bush administration is bad enough
in tolerating measures they couldn't accept
anywhere else but Israel said Henry Seagman
former head of the American Jewish Congress
and Middle East expert at the Council on Foreign Relations.
But Congress if anything is urging the administration on
and criticizing them even at their most accommodating.
When it comes to the Israeli Arab conflict,
the terms of debate are so influenced
by organized Jewish groups like APAC
that to be critical of Israel is to deny oneself
the ability to succeed in American politics.
There are a few internationalist Republicans
in the Senate and progressive Democrats
in the House who occasionally dissent
representative Dennis Kassinich
and 23 co-sponsors of offered resolution
calling for an immediate ceasefire
and returned to multi-party diplomacy
between the US and regional powers
with no preconditions.
But even the resolution supporters admit
it isn't gonna go anywhere.
Another bill introduced by several Arab American lawmakers
that stressed that he'd minimize civilian casualties
on both sides was politically swept under the rug.
According to representative Nick Waiholley,
Lebanese American Democrat from West Virginia
who voted against the House resolution.
Dolvis American Israeli group searches Americans
for peace now have largely stayed out of the fight.
The latest hawkish congressional activity
is primarily intended to show voters
and potential donors that elected officials
are on wavering friends of Israel and enemies of terrorism.
It's just for home consumption said representative
Charlie Wrangley, powerful New York Democrat
who signed on a consensus resolution.
We don't have the support of countries that support us.
What the hell are we gonna do, bomb Iran, bomb Syria?
His colleague said, Ray Hall, we're trying to out-apack APAC.
Discussion in Congress quickly widened
beyond Israel to include a broader policy
of confrontation toward the entire Middle East.
Congressmen set a flurry of dear colleague letters
to one another, hoping to pressure the administration
into tightening sanctions on Syria and Iran
as well as two main state sponsors.
Former Middle East envoy Dennis Ross
addressed a packed APAC sponsored luncheon on a hill.
We're according to one aide who was there,
Ross told the room, this is all about Syria and Iran.
We shouldn't be condemning Israel now.
Said representative Robert Andrews
at Democrat from New Jersey
and co-chair of the Iran Working Group,
which this week hosted an official
from the Israeli embassy,
I can curve completely without approach.
Democrats as they did during the Dubai Port Scandal,
used the crisis to score a few cheap easy political points
against the Bush administration.
The new prime minister of Iraq, Nuri Al-Maliki,
found himself in a congressional firestorm
after he denounced Israel's attacks on Lebanon
as an act of aggression.
Democratic congressional campaign committee,
Chair Rom Emanuel, who volunteered in Israel
during the first call for,
called on Maliki to cancel his plan
to dress before Congress.
As Senator Chuck Schumer,
who skipped Maliki's July 26 speech,
which side is Yama and comes to the war on terror?
Howard Dean won up to his colleagues,
labeling Maliki an anti-Semite
during his speech in Palm Beach.
Ironically, during the 2004 campaign,
Dean called on the United States
to be an even-handed broker in the Middle East,
that position in rage party leaders,
such as House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi,
who signed a letter attacking his remarks.
It was designed to send a message,
no one ever does this again,
said MJ Rosenberg of the Center
of Left Israel Policy Forum,
and no one has.
The only safe thing is to say,
I support Israel.
In April, representative from a Pat called Congresswoman,
Betty McCollumne's vote against a draconian bill,
severely curtailing aid to the
Palestinian Authority,
support for terrorists.
Not surprisingly, most in power
see Farmer or Harman in reward
in getting in the Israeli lobby's way.
There remains a perception of power and fear
that A-PAC can undo you, said James Zogby.
President of the American Arab Institute,
he points to the defeats of Representative Paul Finley
and Senator Charles Percy in the 1980s,
and Representative Cynthia McKinney and Earl Hillier
in 2002, when A-PAC steered large donors to their opponents.
Even if A-PACs make you or break your reputation
as largely a myth,
an election year that perception is potent.
36 pro-Israeli PACs gave $3.14 million to candidates
in a 2004 election cycle.
Rehall said his opponent for reelection issued
his first press release at a campaign
after Rehall voted against the House Resolution.
Everybody knew what would happen if they didn't vote,
yes, he said.
A-PAC continues to enjoy deep bipartisan backing
inside Congress,
even after two top A-PAC officials were indebted year ago
for allegedly accepting and passing
on confidential national security secrets
from a Defense Department analist.
The U.S. and Israel share a lot of basic common values.
The best majority of the American people
not only support Israel's actions against his blah,
but also the fundamental U.S. Israel relationship,
and the bipartisan support in Congress reflects that
said A-PACs spokesman Josh Block.
Rosenberg himself a former A-PAC staff
who puts it another way.
This is the one issue on which levels are permitted,
even expected by donors to be mindless hawks.
By blindly following A-PAC,
Congress enforces a hardline consensus,
criticizing Israeli actions,
even the best of faith is anti-Israel,
and possibly anti-Semitic,
enthusiastically backing whatever military action
israeli takes as the only acceptable stance.
Recent Gallup poll show that half of American
support Israel's military campaign
is 65% believe the U.S. shouldn't take sides in a conflict,
but it's hard to imagine any Congress
or subsequent administration returning to the role
of honest broker.
What the region needs now according to Brzynski
is an American leader brave enough to say,
either I make policy on the Middle East
or A-PAC makes policy on the Middle East,
one can always dream.
So it's very brimming.
But shame on you, A-PAC,
you anti-Semitic Jews, just like me,
and just like Jews.
I mean, just,
186 votes can at the right.
We're gonna have over 1130.
You better write this down on the wall.
This is me right in the Keaton Walls, man.
This is 516-2-A-PAC.
I'm back.
That's how people die.
I'm a broker that has me through the measure.
I'm back.
I'm back.
I'm back.
I'm back.
I'm back.
We still live.
This public year day,
we're here, and I don't think we can.
The best around.
We're here.
The best around.
Go watch the moon,
the red,
and the cold,
and the sun's around.
We've got to have that manager.
That would be great.
The personnel is so great.
We can head.
We're gonna best around.
We're here.
The best around.
Now we are.
You can't even wrap them.
Let them pull away.
Let them pull away.
Let them pull away.
Now they're headed around the web.
Right now.
They ain't got no tension at all.
But it is always through the mess around.
We're here.
We're here.
We're here.
We're here.
We should have been through the mess around.
We should have been through the mess around.
Woo!
Major Bullock, now pay this.
Major Big News is this fact.
This is the biggest story of the day.
When you agree, there's no doubt.
Absolutely.
Oh my God.
We already knew a little bit about this,
but this is in great detail.
A press release about it.
One of our former best personal friends.
It's time to get it on.
Bluff Poker Radio will get some excellent help during their broadcast.
This year's World Series of Poker.
The news company recently announced that veteran sports announcer.
Moe Howard David.
We'll leave the station's list of announcers to the WSOP action.
Part of this is chopped off, you know.
Yes.
Bluff Poker Radio will bring poker fans WSOP action.
That's World Series of Poker, of course.
Ten hours a day for each day of the World Series of Poker host events.
The Poker Radio Station broadcast by the Sirius Radio Network.
Oh my God.
Just one more reason to go out there and spend that money to get serious.
Sirius?
It's a heart attack.
We are thrilled to have a play by a play of veteran like Howard David Anker of the WSOP broadcast.
Said Bluff President Eddie Clyde, his experience with the NFL, the NBA, the Olympics and the PGA will prove invaluable to the World Series of Poker Radio.
Moe Howard David will have some help in the broadcast.
Both the likes of Fox Sports, Analyst Nick Geber, journalist John Vorhaus, and professional poker legend Phil Gordon.
Oh my God.
Phil Gordon.
No, the East Hill courses.
When I was a person about broadcasting the World Series of Poker, I was honored to get involved in this prestigious event explained to him, oh Howard David.
Oh, you think the world's prestigious event.
What you take your head out of your own age.
Okay, calm down.
I felt it would be a new challenge for me in the same light as Super Bowl 1.
I was fortunate to broadcast as well as the five that followed from the Super Bowl to the World Series of Poker.
I'll ride.
I am delighted to have a role in the undertaking.
Oh, undertaking.
That would be a good profession for him when you think that's cute.
And it would not be the winner of the largest personal sports.
The Bluff Poker Radio broadcast of the World Series of Poker will truly bring poker fans to the WSOP's edition of Broadcasting.
David and his school bring you tournament analization, interviewing a chance for listeners to interact with the event by asking your questions to the poker pro.
It says you're acting, but I think asking your questions to the poker pro.
And this is a facts of the news release from a Hollywood poker room.
HollywoodPoker.com.
Right.
Wow.
Where they have poker in the front.
Don't poker in the back.
No.
Whatever you do.
Let's sell liquor back there.
Anyway, there you go.
So, oh Howard David, it moves on.
Okay, you see that?
That's right.
Either you make it or you don't.
112 votes on the poll.
Mike Carlton in a Sydney Morning Herold writes, children die in the name of protection.
There's a good article.
I put like a star on it.
Not a star at David.
Oh, try to star satanic.
I'll just start.
No, just a little bit of it.
Like a printed asterisk.
Can I print it?
Oh, correct.
So, wreck them risk.
All right.
Doc Al, the first non-sea, the Frit
Nazi concentration camp is a short train ride outside Munich.
I went there in my 20s deep in a German winter.
But is this fact important?
No.
I'm just looking because you know, what is this?
Apparently somebody's upset because one of the drug dealers in the new Miami Vice
movies wearing it is really defense force a t-shirt.
Oh boy.
Well, we'll get to that.
I'll put that over here.
Anyway, getting back to this microtein, he says, a cold misgifted across the wire fences
in the watch towers on the museum that was once the SS administration block.
Spots of street settled on the road, iron and print skate, which still displays
in evil black letters that indelible Nazi live lies, our bite must fry, work brings freedom.
I was with an American backpacker I had met about the same age.
His father had been a Luftwaffe pilot killed on the Russian front.
His widowed mother had immigrated to the U.S.
He spoke fluent German.
He was on his first visit to the homeland.
And so we walked through the camp in the lowering light.
The shower room where the prisoners were gassed, the iron hanging hooks, the red brick crematorium ovens,
the pistol range where Jews, Christians, homosexuals, Poles, Czechs, Russians, and this
and the Germans were murdered for a sport by drunken SS guards, the mask graves, the silent witness of six million dead.
As we left Baruch X the killing block, the American boy slumped to his knees, leaping,
mind-vatar he softened, throw the gasped, racked with pain, mind-leaver-vatar, the Luftwaffe flower
he never knew had been, however, remotely, an agent of the Holocaust.
We clung to each other in the Dhaka-Rain crying.
That preamble is necessary, I think, because in these times to write anything even mildly critical of Israel attracts a hail of letters from furious Jews
who are only in charge of anti-Semitism.
After last week's column, which canvas the immorality of the Israeli defense forces killing Lebanese civilians,
a hysterical Melbourne dentist wrote to accuse me of Holocaust denial.
Other emails a little more rational but loaded with lofty condescension, fumed that I was either ignorant of history
or unauthorically distorting it.
My motive could only be hatred of Jews for your own career advancements near one.
Oh, please! A third and larger group sent for light and laboriously long letters
replete with internet links to this source and that one earnestly proclaiming Israel's right to defend itself from hostile neighbors.
We can ignore the mad dentist. As for the second lot, we might bang on forever about everything from the Masada sacrifice to the Balfour Declaration of 1917
but that will not change the awful realities of the Middle East today.
It is the third group which warrants an answer.
Yes, the Jewish state has every right to exist and defend itself against those Islamic terrorists and their sponsors who seek its destruction.
Those Hensvilla rockets fired under high fire are an atrocity.
The Hamas suicide bombers of Gaza are murderers.
Innocent Israelis have died in their scores.
But does that give Israel some eye-fronted eye-license to destroy Lebanon, the only other democratically constituted in the Middle East?
Next time you write, please tell me why Lebanese children should die in their villages beneath the wings of the Israeli Air Force
or be carried shattered by Israeli shrapnel in the bombarded hospitals.
Have you seen the horror in their eyes on the TV news? What did they do to deserve this crime against them?
Are you know better than your terrorist enemies? Please explain to by an Israeli missile slammed with deadly accuracy into the unmistakable red cross atop a Lebanese civilian ambulance.
Then tell us how it was that four United Nations observers were killed in attack on the UN compound in 7-11 on and installation that had been there for 20 years marked on every map
and which had broadcast no fewer than 10 appeals for a cessation of the shelling.
Finally, I ask you as it possible that Israel, my crush, has blah, only to create a new generation of neighbors who will grow and hatred to see vengeance in years to come. Is that all you will achieve?
The monument to the unknown prisoner in Dachau carries this legend carved in stone to honor the dead to warn the living.
And so do the Bush administration where the hypocrisy is not practically incandescent.
The president is a stuttering loon, we know that. But the side of his hand made incandescent rice, relatedly flitting from Beirut to Jerusalem in her selection of fetching pantsuits,
regretting civilian casualties and bleeding about the root causes makes you want to have a brick at the TV set.
Israel gets nearly $4 billion a year in military and other rates from the US $3.9 billion.
The bombs dropped on Beirut were born in the USA. La Rice grandly offered 11 on $40 million to clean up the carnage they had wrought.
More than ever I'm convinced that she is actually Cindy Bird song, and we've been born second vocalist from the supreme.
That last line is cute for me, but of course it's not the end.
Right, how about those pantsuits, huh?
Oh yeah, that's right.
For me, that vanity fair top 10 best dressed bitch.
There's no question.
Man, oh man, I see that get to the bitch of my TV. I want to take that same brick he's talking about. I'm just heave it.
Hurl it. Just hurl it.
Or maybe just hurl it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.S.
Were you drugs packing?
Condoleezza Rice will try to broker this piece of wire to bring an end to two weeks of fighting
and it could have been 170 but an ease and almost 40 years later.
New year's.
Condoleezza Rice.
You will need to sacrifice your job.
You're also a question about your own way to have a fight.
You killed two years of fight.
And somehow I think you'll fail just for sure.
See this before we've had them go the time.
You'll never make this with this way and with the better signs.
You'll be seen as both one side and two.
We'll have enough profit to break this.
And now for a fast finish off performance for the非常的 blessed moment for you today.
Hey!
But if he goes so smoothly, she will surely be told by many officials,
she knows he's firing, no Tesla,
raised two captured Israeli soldiers,
and pulls back from the Israeli border.
You bitch, you brought you more.
Lepth 32 at 560 WQ, I'm happy,
August 1st, baby.
It's August numero Ono.
Woo!
Fidel is dead.
Ah!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, maybe.
Just maybe.
Anyway, this fact,
you just sent me from his Debbie Schlossel,
you know who she is?
No.
I just Googled her.
Oh, okay.
She liked it.
She's another right way, not job.
He shows up on Fox all the time.
Oh, yeah.
And she puts out a release here.
Somebody faxed us to us about,
she wants, she wants people to boycott the Miami Vice movie
because the main drug leader they arrest in the warehouse
is wearing a giant Israeli defense forces t-shirt.
I have an Israeli defense forces t-shirt.
Well, she has one and she wears it as a night shirt.
How do you, how do I like that?
Debbie Schlossel, she's a boy head of her.
I'm not avoiding that movie anyway,
just because of Colin Carroll.
Oh.
Well, here's some good news.
The Brits, maybe they're finally all the way.
It's not Tony Blair.
It's the British Parliament that's just foaming at the mouth.
And they're finally taking Tony Blair to task
for bringing the appoodle of the U.S.
U.S. military flights carrying bombs to Israel
will no longer use any civilian airports in the UK.
The BBC has learned.
The decision follows criticism of use of press
work airport near Glasgow to refuel flights
suspected of carrying bombs to Israel.
Remember how they had a rush to those bunker
buster bombs over there about 10 days ago?
That's right.
Well, they made them unapproved and they just do
whatever they want, basically.
They're busted some bunkers with them.
It is emerged that in the future only military
airfields will be used.
The decision was reached after protest
if the airport and discussions
between various government departments led by the foreign
orifice U.S. flights to Israel use RAF
Milton Hall in Suffolk rather than press
prepare for last weekend prompt testing prompting
protests from about 30.
About 30 men.
Press campaigners at the military base.
BBC News understands that foreign secretary
Margaret Beckett last week pressed for all U.S. flights
through the UK to be suspended while hostilities
and Lebanon continued.
But her concerns were rejected by
Downing Street by that Poodle Tony Blair.
The latest move means that planes that
least will not pass through civilian bases
any longer.
Miss Beckett last week opened up a rare public
rift with the Americans when she said she was
not happy because it appeared that the U.S.
planes at press work had not followed correct procedures
for transporting hazardous materials.
Those big bombs that we have to rush over to the
Israelis.
She raised the issue with U.S. Secretary of State
Condom please their rights and threatened to make a formal
protest that the reports proved to be true.
Her worries were seized by government critics
as evidence that America was taking British support
for granted.
Which is the understanding of the century I would say.
We got over 1100 votes on that poll aren't you
pretty proud of me?
How do you like that?
Press it.
It's not even noon yet.
1127 votes.
What would be the last thing you'd watch on TV Fox news
221 good choice excellent choice on those rare occasions
because it now I think it was like in the beginning of
the year finally made it up here and they stuck it on my
cable on those rare cases when I'm channel surfing and
happens to pop up there like momentarily that that quick
and boy it disappears like like you wouldn't believe even
the great car NAC would be amazed by the disappearing
act Fox news to 21 religious programs 170 177
people playing cards poker and crap like that 100 and 64
Oh man a world series of poker oh my and it compares
it to doing Super Bowl one and the first five Super bowls
that's how the mighty of fallen OK on really desperate
times OK Mo all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all
the time any so called reality show 150 once
includes American Idol American pal Merck has got talent
America's got the leadership they're all gone chose
Informer. Yeah, that's right Chuck Barris is embarrassed
you know the CIA killer yeah, Informersals 140 golf 91
wrestling 57 soccer 47 I hate this pool only 35 only few
percent that's pretty low for this very picky crowd.
I don't think you put that on her yesterday I hate this
pool. Come on. Why not because I hate those people.
Oh well network news ABC NBC and CBS 17 we'd left off
the do not baseball 16 CNN 7C I didn't bother putting
MSNBC on here because nobody watches it anyway and when
they got Chris Matthews there in time square somewhere in
New York talking to a bunch of bubblehead idiots with some
show for Hillary there. I mean and that's the best you can do
on oh my god and they put that Tucker Carlson that bow tie
to the it on there right and broad daylight in the middle
of the day. Yeah, Dan Abrams is really going to put their
number where belong in the toilet keep overman still great
though. And you know what I forgot to watch him last night
he had something good on last night I forgot what the hell
was I saw the promo and I forgot about it. See that's what
happens when you don't watch a network you know you forget
to turn it on you have to make a special point it's like Q. A. M.
That's why you need to go out house to house knock it
on doors thanking people right face to face for being loyal
listening to this show even when they don't listen to sports
crap the other 20 hours a day everyone over into the people
in line at public. That's right. Thanks so much for supporting
and listening to the new Roger show on QM surrounded by a
sea of silly sports holes. God 1134 votes. Let's see what
I leave off any so called reality show one 51 in commercials
140 golf 91 wrestling 57 soccer 47 I hate this pull 35 I
said that I just did that baseball 16 CNN 7 Oprah 4 and
Dr. Phil 3 out of 1144. And by the way the women of America
who sometimes think that the very superior to the slab is the
men who are bucks and dumb slabs that's right. What are ball
games and beers guess what what these talk about a bunch of
mindless quizzlings Oprah right there that tells you
everything that's wrong with the women America the shut the
fat shuttons they're like 80 million them watching that crap
going out and buying whatever book she says dress it up like
she does with a purple pup tent or whatever that she's got on
who the hell you people kidding man. Really said Pierre Tristan
who now is that as he can appear to know. Oh he's an editorial
writer for the Daytona Beach news journal wow actually he
writes in pretty good stuff I've read a couple of his things
are you going to read stuff all day today. Yes yes yes yes
yes. I don't even know if I'll get to the Mel Gibson stuff
but let me say it again ABC what crazy little he is crazy
for a job got to see that South Park episode ABC pulls Mel Gibson
Holocaust many series they pulled it Mel gives cops hell
that's on the front page of the New York theory news the other
day Mel gives up to look like I did and then I dug out the old
article about his daddy you know. Yeah. Holocaust exaggerated
said Hutton's Gibson Mel Gibson's father I'll get all of that
eventually or not maybe we'll just he will just keep going
who we got it to bow he don't mind he he and all his pals at
University don't always faxing us so they're big fans of the
show he would let us go on to four or even for our sake Pierre
Tristan whenever again needing to apply to Lebanon and mass
acres at Conor this is really a heavy do it's good stuff I
got only good stuff today baby and why do I read all these
articles on the air cuz I sure sell I'm not articulate enough
or intelligent enough to be saying it in this way right right
right you don't have to agree with that. Oh there's that
Barbara star guy it can learn about that that's a guy I'm serious
she looks like maybe she's only got it. Oh I can't believe you
said that she's only got a strap on. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.60.
What the hell was that? I don't know was it a rejoin? Yeah.
Yeah. Hey, get out of here. Yeah. What? I don't know.
WQAM.com that's a rejoin since when? Here.
It's now. Oh okay.
Florence you idiot. Your moral. Your forever.
Haven't you heard? There has been some stalker. I dated you.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Well I love the way that ends. Yeah they always just like that
rejoin same thing. I'm just a did they Google here on WCPD
or in fact there's the thing.
That's the arresting officer. Are you with you?
Yeah.
Those are the comments quoted and attributed to Mel Gibson and now he admits that he made anti-Sundead.
Oh but he's so sorry it's just like Olmer said he's so sorry about all those dead children, those dead innocent people and there's lesbianese.
So anyway extremely devoted to his faith see well what kind of a person would make a movie and then make millions of dollars of it.
A reinforcing all the Jews killed Jesus yadi yadi yadi and all this other crap and show him getting like flangellated and whipped and bleeding and guts and blood.
Who would do that?
I give up other than Mel. I hope you enjoyed the movie though.
His positions are in accordance with traditionalist Catholicism.
That's right.
And I in 2000 for a publicly condemned taxpayer funded embryonic stem cell research that involves the cloning and destruction of human embryos.
And yadi yadi yadi oh he was on with Sean Hand of the words of a feather flock together okay but nevertheless.
Mass occurs at Kana when never again needing to apply to Lebanon rights peer system in the Daytona of all places.
Daytona beats news journal.
He says it was April 18th 1996 the fifth day of what is real dubbed Operation Grapes of Rath.
One of its episodic ways of responding to ant bites from South Lebanon's parasites would resident inspired bombing tonnage on the civilian population of Lebanon.
At the time as we were occupied with a disingenuously called a security zone in South Lebanon it was an occupation zone for about 12 miles deep.
But the international press for the most part bought the Israeli euphemism.
Seven Lebanese didn't especially Hezbollah. The occupation zone was frequently attacked just as Israel frequently attacked Lebanese villages and kidnapped Lebanese citizens as bargaining chips when it wasn't assassinating them outright.
Something that has always allowed itself without others.
In April 1996 Israel launched Operation Grapes of Rath in response to a few Hezbollah rockets that had targeted northern Israel but as always with mostly ineffective results except to give Israel the excuse to one of its regular results.
One of its killer training runs in Lebanon Lebanon's expense.
One of its lessons that never teach anybody anything but do wonders to beef up the near fanatical hatred of Israel in the region.
A considerable accomplishment giving the competing factions deserving hate and resentment there.
Savinians who couldn't make their way north made their way to the United Nations encampments thanks to the blue helmets thinking the blue helmets would protect them.
Thinking Israel would not be so murderous as to target UN camps. How wrong was civilians were?
On April 18, 1996 Israel unleashed an artillery barrage on the UN encampment of Kana a village five miles east of Tyre.
Hezbollah rockets had infired Israel from near there. The rockets had done little more than psychological damage but they'd been fired.
It was enough. Pride is sicker than blood. The UN encampment was clearly marked and when the shellings began UN personnel immediately set off flares and contacted Israeli authorities to let them know their mistakes.
It didn't matter. The barrage lasted 90 minutes. When it was over more than 75 civilians more than half of them children had been killed and 400 injured.
Israel then called the shelling grave mistake but only then.
The world was outraged. What could is outraged when the deed is done when a service is nothing to prevent another identical outrage?
Israel knew what it was doing. This wasn't one stray missile. One misguided airstrike. A 15-minute artillery barrage that got its coordinates wrong.
This was a targeted assault on UN encampment that went on for 90 minutes. Calculated in barbaric. The way the August 12, 1982 blind bombing of Beirut had been when Ronald Reagan tried for three hours to reach Manachem Began to tell him of his outrage and demand a halt to the bombing.
The way indeed so many of the last two and a half weeks bombings have been. And Sunday and Conor it happened again.
In an attack that the Israeli military said was aimed at destroying Hezbollah rocket launchers. The Washington Post reports as if cribbing words from 1996.
Israeli warplanes blasted a group of buildings in a southern Lebanese village Sunday, killing more than 50 people. Most of the women and children, according to Lebanese officials and on scene interviews by Lebanese TV reporters.
The Israelis accomplished their missile sermon and they're shining US made US equipped and US paid for jet fighter jets as Victor De La Vega put it on a Sunday the day of worship in Gentile Christian culture.
So much for kindle these arrests show shopping in the Middle East at this very moment. So much for the latest bush bit blur sniffing of each other's rear ended peace plans.
So much for claims of self defense just war surgical precision of claims that Israel is unlike Hezbollah. It is in fact far worse than the ongoing campaign.
So much for Israel's apologies which followed on cue today. But we've said all this before we've been saying it for almost three weeks or 10 years.
It's the survivors of the first kind of massacre we're speaking or 24 if it's the survivors of operation peace and Galilee in 82 which took out 18,000 civilians in three months and rendered half of million homeless or 20 years if we go back to the 78 invasion or on an on.
And they still claim it's Israel that's the one being threatened with an violation and they still claim that Israel's enemies don't want peace.
Lebanon's Prime Minister responded to the latest conumasicality should no talks with rice until a call for a ceasefire is made.
The British American Kennel show proving incapable to do even that much on Friday. The Israelis will respond simply with craven we told you so's and the American press will in the main follow suit.
And tomorrow or the day after we'll wake up to another day of worst day so far tallies of a carnage neither Israel nor Bush seems to get enough of.
In 1982, remember Ronald Reagan intervened himself at massacre written August to threaten Israel with end and the negotiations.
Once that was done, Israel quickly bought its head and talked.
What we now have is a failure of communication planned and willed between Washington and Jerusalem while arm shipments from a few quite American factories rushed their way to the promised shred of the Holy Land, Comestyle.
It was bread and wine that miraculously multiplied then its blood and guts that so generously flow with thanks to be the Bush Blair twins, the Omar Nasrallah twins and of course that fifth wheel,
Curening Hither and Yon like a dervish without voice, Condi rice.
Great.
Isn't that a great article?
I'll talk it with a big shot of Condi.
Huh? I like it when they take shot the Condi.
Dr. Rice?
Yes.
Which are nice pantsuits?
Uh-huh.
All this crap about, well I don't want to be coming back here in three months or six months.
No, of course not, especially if like we could save a few hundred lives in between.
It's not worth it. Their lives aren't worth that.
If they stop the insanity for three days, it would be well worth it.
Well, while she got to do besides shopping for her pantsuits, bitch.
But nevertheless, where's Colin Powell?
All does anybody heard from him?
No, he's not.
He's not. He's still checking out that violet he was holding up with the wing, you know?
Yeah, well, it's pretty vile.
I mean, these neocons and their ponds have gotten away with the most,
the last five years, the most unbelievable series of crap,
more death and destruction and the public is, uh, you know,
that's why I read that thing about Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Okay, that should switch some real good insight as to the kind of warp twisted the presentation you'll get from him.
Put more peace in place.
There you go.
I bet you Jack Cafferty would like to poison his Rugga Law.
Dan K. Thomason, who is then, he's from Reddit or the Scripts Howard News Service.
He says Israel has screwed its last remaining ally.
But what does this have?
Castor, Dan, the fire.
Didn't you hear that, Fidel? Maybe, Dan? Or may not. He's dead, Drought.
Is that it? He's dead tired.
Oh, and Catherine Harris, she might as well be.
Holy cow, am I going to get to that article?
Oh, I think I will.
Florida Republicans won't back Harris.
They said, forget about it, sweetheart. You haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
We appreciate all those fixed votes back in the 2000 election in Florida.
But who are you kidding, honey?
Anyway, Dan Thomason says, with allies like this, who needs enemies?
If the Israelis had deliberately set up to undermine about the only friend they have left in the world,
they couldn't have done a better job.
The tragic bombing of the women and children in Lebanon had nearly the same impact on a White House,
hoping to turn voter attention away from its figures in Iraq,
and the nation's growing loss of international respect.
With the crucial midterm elections only three months away,
President Bush is running out of time to up his low overall approval ratings
to a level most analysts believe he will need to prevent at least some loss of control in Congress.
Those ratings have been stuck in the miserable thirties for months.
Fought third, man.
If the Democrats have captured one house or both,
the President's policies would be in serious jeopardy.
While that seems unlikely, a few weeks ago,
while that seemed unlikely, a few weeks ago, despite the continued losses in Iraq with little relief insight,
the events that Lebanon have increased the possibilities for the opposition party.
Adding to voter dismay is the seeming inability of this administration or the European community
for that matter to deal with the real culprit in the peace of the Iranians.
Without Iran's undisguised backing, the militant Hezbollah would not have had the worry about
to accomplish its anti-Israel mission.
It is quite clear now that the Iranians are seeking to improve their influence in the area
that may now increasingly believe is the incubator for WW3.
Concern about the potential for worldwide conflict,
and is evident in recent voter polls and is helping to widen the split among Republicans over the President's policies.
My daughter-in-law expressed it to me only moments after learning of the latest tragedy.
She said, I don't want my voice to face this.
She said near tears, a reaction not lessened by the fact that the children are more than a decade away from an age
when they'd be called a military service.
The origin of the Iranian problem can be traced to the misguided policies of Jimmy Carter,
who would drew U.S. support from the Shah of Iran and helped install the fanatical Muslim regime that followed.
The Ayatollah.
His claim to quickly resolve the ensuing embassy hostage crisis,
carcassination of devastating loss of respected influence worldwide,
and encourage continued tax on American interests.
Iranian-backed Hezbollah terrorists conducted a series of kidnappings of Americans in Lebanon
that put pressure on President Reagan and resulted in the Iran-conflict scandal to threaten his administration.
There seems to be no easy solution, certainly not without an agreement in the world community,
that it is in everyone's interest to convince Iran of the pain that comes with being an outlaw nation.
Whether this can be accomplished in the UN or wherever is anyone's guess.
Ironically, the bombing of children may have horrified even the most callous to reassess their positions.
On the other hand, those Muslim nations like Saudi Arabia, who originally condemned Hezbollah rocket attacks in Israel,
can be expected to now accuse the Israelis of overreaction.
So where does the Bush administration now stand?
Does it maintain its stance not to condemn Israeli military response to the rocket attacks and kidnapping while trying to negotiate a ceasefire?
Clearly, a shaken Secretary of State condom please arises between Iraq and a sand dune,
cutting her peace mission short and returning home, with her tail between her pants and its legs.
The next step may be for all out support for proposals to put a UN force in southern Lebanon to prevent the attacks.
It should be obvious to everyone including the Israelis that efforts to knock out the rocket sites are not effective,
and that ground forces are the only way.
For Israel to send an invasion force in Lebanon, we're heightened the potential for a regional conflict
that could spread into what everyone hopes to avoid, the third world conflict in less than a hundred years.
Few presidents have confronted the kind of peril that Bush now faces.
The divisions in this country over Iraq and now the Israeli situation are approaching those that so divided the nation during Vietnam.
It may be difficult to ask the Israelis to stand down on the circumstances, but the possibility of further killing of innocent children
should force them to do so Americans expect more of their allies.
Well, look at this, Mr. Gibson, your apology is not accepted.
Oh, no, the poor Mal, he can't catch a break.
What do you make 100 million off that stupid ass movie that twisted?
Although, you know what the Pope said?
What? It is.
That's it, why is it?
That was the Pope, not this Pope.
That was the previous Pope.
Oh, that's right.
The Pope, the Slavs on the slide.
What?
Well, don't you remember they slept him around after he spoke?
They slept him all around Rome and the Slavs on the slide.
It was a really neat shoe, you know?
The men of the Slifers are.
Of course, this Pope, the new Pope, the crop Pope, he really neat red slippers.
I think he's not in that, I think.
I wonder when his red shoe diaries are coming out.
1183 votes on the poll.
What would be the last thing you'd watch on TV?
And thank the Lord Fox News is winning with 200 and...
...POTE!
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
But, Justice, we must go to the point where we...
And this area of meat and a hummus will come to an end.
It's a man!
God, hummus!
God, hummus!
God, hummus!
I call that the name Homo's, because what I say goes, see?
And your exhausted leader, hummus, none other than I.
Mose, say that Pomo's officially does not recognize Israel.
What do you mean?
It's right over there!
I'm very sorry, but I do not recognize it.
But you've seen it before, it's right there!
Nope, nope, that I do not recognize.
Here, try this, look at that mouth.
I can't!
What am I facing?
Look, look!
There's a lady in the water.
Whip, whip!
That ain't no lady in the water.
That's right, I can't be looking at that mouth.
I can see the earth, you're the one that's flying!
You know, I think it is, there's the decar, said its best.
No, we got a button, that I drop in the butt.
For that guy, no longer, record it in the night.
I'm super the world.
He's in for real rights.
That's because your eating is more hot.
What's that you said about the national?
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
To the door, to the door.
Here's your real rights.
To the door, to the door.
If you have fun and drop your one, that's top of your head.
It's about time, I can't help you.
Really good.
Sit down!
Fuck off!
Here's your eyes, son of a bitch.
I'm almost hit the bus, you're an employee of the bus!
No wonder I have no problem picking over your ass.
Yeah, that's why I'm so excited!
So the next three of us are live,
come on to it, five sixty WQAM.
Happy Tuesday August one!
Thank you.
Well, as already done, that's bad news, man.
No, it's great.
Bad news.
Means we got only about five or six weeks of the summer scheme.
I mean, the schedule's going?
Sean, who's one of our poll experts?
He's seen a few.
Yeah.
Sounds just but in the meantime, which is why I've played that little clip?
I don't even know if I've ever played that before, did I?
The Hobos?
No, not that.
Oh.
This one.
But, just because we must go to the hotel.
Sure, you must have.
Oh, anyway, Sean says, because I was asking the other day,
and I was embarrassed with both of us,
right?
We forgot where that line came from.
Why did I meet?
And then he goes and Sean, of course,
is being, you know, no, doesn't mean his words, man.
He may mean it's a little bit, but he just goes on
with the whole paragraph here, two paragraphs.
I believe in America.
That is the very beginning scene of the Godfather.
Remember that?
That's right.
Very dark scene.
Oh, yeah.
Real dark.
And he goes on about, he raises his daughter in American fashion,
he gave her freedom, but actually found a boyfriend, not an Italian.
She went to the movies with him, she stayed out late.
I didn't protest.
Two months ago, they took her for a drive with another boyfriend.
They made her drink whiskey, and then tried to take advantage of her.
She resisted, she kept their honor, so they beat her like an animal.
When I went to the hospital, her nose was broken, her jaw was shattered,
held together by wire.
She couldn't even weep because of the pain, but I wept.
Why did I weep?
See, there it is.
There it is.
She was the light of my life, beautiful girl.
Now she'll never be beautiful again.
I went to the police like a good American.
These two boys were brought to trial.
The judge sentenced them to three years in prison to spend at a sentence.
Suspended a sentence.
They went free that very day.
I stood in the courtroom like a fool, and these two bastards, they smiled at me.
Very good, Sean.
I remember that.
He's great.
Yeah.
Oh, well, don't steal this one, Paul.
I want to get all over that one.
Which one?
The top one there.
Oh, well, I like the middle one.
Okay.
Good.
Well, you would like the top one.
Do that tomorrow.
I'm going to go in nice.
We must go to the early opening.
See, how about Oprah?
That's going on there.
So, brother, I'm not going to tell you how to put the pole is.
Yeah, that's the part.
You can mess with that pole tomorrow.
Anyway, get back to the important business.
I keep a boat camper coming up at 2 this afternoon.
When's the ball game on for Crenel?
Are you sure luck out yesterday?
Oh, yeah.
Nothing worse than dies.
It's like getting paid to do a four hour show.
I'm sure luck thinking that they're going to do a four hour show.
That's a surprise.
Oh, yeah.
Only two and a half.
It was free.
What are we going to do about that Fidel situation?
Oh, we're just going to keep an eye on it.
Maybe we should play a bunch of alien stuff.
You think so?
Why not?
Some of that stuff's nice and long.
Oh, like this one.
Yeah.
336.
This will take us to midnight.
But where the hell it starts?
Is anybody's guess?
Kill young masters in the tomb of a show.
Although, what are my favorites?
Salala!
Although, I think my very favorite is...
So possible humans in my aviars park.
They chase the name to Alien Park.
Explorations are now.
And to a fine night.
That's where the fuck's art is at best out.
He's talking about a guy that really made a whole career out of one song.
I mean, he had other songs.
The voice of Tallahassee Lassie.
I don't know.
Right?
Freddie Boom Boom Cannon, baby.
That's right.
He was no Arnie Boom Boom Ginsburg.
Or that was Wu Wu.
Wu Wu and Boom Boom.
This is the one you forgot.
Hey, there.
So, eight on nine.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
We're new aliens.
Will you never stop?
Okay.
I'll be there.
We're new aliens.
Hey, there.
Freddie Cannon.
He was just like I said in Palacade's Park though.
That was like...
Awesome.
It was all right.
You don't like it?
It's okay.
Come on.
You know what?
I like this better than the original.
Oh, what?
Hook a friend of the way, it's sprucing things up.
Oh, no.
And then of course, one McGill goes home.
That's the thing.
Oh, they're a villain.
Meets with his attorney.
There's only one reason you like that, and that's because he says,
Bye, bye, bye.
That's the only the only reason.
Oh, it's just funny.
It is funny.
Then there's always...
Because, right back then, you'll hear a tale of a bearded comedy stuff.
See, there you go.
Beautiful.
Hey kids, take mom by the hand and hold on tight for a fun filled time at Alien's World Park.
Oh, this is a good one.
Yes it is.
Outstanding.
Yelian, we're getting tired of you.
Yelian, you should be cute about.
I love when he was in a backyard.
Is it playing?
Is it playing?
Is it going to take me back to Cuba?
Is it playing out there?
And of course, they totally twisted his words around.
Oh, no, is that playing?
Leave me alone.
I'm not going back there.
That was when he was being held captive by Maris Wiesi-Eyes.
Mitchell Plintnik writes, let's see, he's the director of education policy for a Jewish voice for peace,
and a regular comment for Tikkun Magazine.
Pro Israel and Pro Lebanon, he says.
That's the heading on TomPain.com.
Am I reading too much today?
No, I'm loving it.
I'm writing all these notes.
What?
We'll report you to the ADO.
Good.
Call of Artitl Boom.
See what he has to say about it.
Hey, art, Caxlehoi, sweetheart.
As Israel loses more soldiers and actions that increasingly resemble the catastrophic 19-year-to-invasion
of Lebanon, the question for Jews and Israel-American and the rest of the world becomes not just whether
Israeli actions are morally justified, but whether or not they are strategically sound.
The answer to both is no.
Sadly, the actions of the West government have contributed to aid destabilization of the region
that can only harm Israel.
It is vetoed to UN Security resolutions, calling for a ceasefire and immediate negotiations.
Secretary of State Condom Plesa Rice was quoted as saying, she did not see what purpose
a ceasefire would serve.
Such comments leave the impression that halting the death of innocents doesn't even factor
into rice's thinking.
This diplomatic failure by the U.S. has defined the Bush administration's strategy in the region,
strategy, and quotes.
The U.S. completely supported Israel's action in closing off the Gaza strips, lands, sea, and air access.
Shortly after a democratically elected Hamas government took power at the beginning of 2006.
This devastated and already crippled economy in Gaza, and weakened a Hamas government
that had held a shaky truth with Israel for more than a year, and was moving toward negotiations
and implicitly recognizing Israel along its 67 borders.
Meanwhile, ongoing skirmishes between Israel and Israel's continuing presence in the Shiba-A-Farm region,
which Israel claims is Syrian territory while Lebanon claims it as its own,
were simply ignored by the rest of the world.
Instead of pushing for a solution to these problems, the Bush administration preferred to lift them simmer.
It boiled over when Palestinian groups and heads of the law attacked Israeli army posts inside Israel,
taking Israeli soldiers hostage.
All sides rightly condemned his blow off for those attacks and for the deadly rocket attacks on Israeli towns,
but those rocket attacks only started after Israel started bombing Lebanese civilians.
Let me read that sentence again.
Those rocket attacks only started after Israel started bombing Lebanese civilians.
The Israeli government is responsible for escalating conflict,
and it showed total disregard for its own citizens, let alone the Lebanese by doing so.
That doesn't excuse his blood-assets, but Israel knew very well that it was opening the door to civilian casualties of its own when it hit Lebanon.
Now, more than two weeks after Israel invaded Lebanon, and almost a month since Israel began its assault on the Gaza Strip,
Israeli leaders have admitted that these operations have little to do with bringing their captive soldiers.
Instead, we hear daily of the new Middle East, which this war will create.
This was attempted before, when in 82 Israel attempted to install by force a government favorable to it in southern Lebanon.
The results then, as now, were only an intensification of the old Middle East violence.
Of course, these Israelis are pursuing is not only immoral, but is self-defeating.
It makes perfect sense that Israel would want to see the Lebanese army repressed his blow on southern Lebanon,
but the way to do that was to help strengthen the Lebanese government.
It's obvious that Israel has every right and responsibility,
even as an occupying power to stop rockets, however ineffective, from being launched from Gaza at their towns,
but to accomplish this goal, Israel should love Gaza, the freedom to build up its economy,
and Israel should work with the legitimately elected Palestinian government through diplomacy and economic incentives
to act to prevent such rocket attacks.
The present situation marks a complete failure of diplomacy, only because diplomacy was never attempted.
Hamas, after one control of the Palestinian legislative council, was unable to find a way to reconcile its charter with the need to negotiate with Israel.
Despite the departure of Syrian forces from Lebanon, the Lebanese government hadn't yet been able to find a way
to integrate his bloz arm-dwing under one command of the Lebanese military,
but both Hamas and Lebanon faced very difficult obstacles instead of recognizing those obstacles
and trying to work with democratically elected governments.
Israel and the U.S. shut down all negotiations, moves which played right into militants in hands
by demonstrating the futility of trying to negotiate with Israel.
This was most acute with regard to the Palestinians.
Despite well-publicized Israeli withdrawal of settlements and soldiers from inside Gaza last year,
Israel has maintained total control of the strip.
Palestinians routinely fired mostly ineffectual rockets at Israeli towns, while Israel routinely shielded and caused sonic booms over Gaza,
causing many deaths and far more damage to people and property.
Israel's devastation of the civilian infrastructure of Gaza and Lebanon far outstrips the damage it's done to Hamas or his Bala.
The large number of civilian casualties is greatly in pre-support for both groups.
In fact, for all its military might and tough talk, Israel is proving that it cannot in fact defeat these groups with force.
Is there a single Israeli who feels more secure today than they did four weeks ago?
Clearly, the answer is no.
The U.S. has recently refused to consider the real root cause of the current violence and the regional instability,
the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands.
However, the current crisis plays out, there will only be more occupations.
There will only be more violence if occupation doesn't end.
If America is really concerned with Israeli interest, it will work to end that occupation.
That will restore morality to Israel and the global Jewish community and is the only way to security and hope for all these people.
I'm going to report you.
Okay.
Do you want over the SS, okay?
Ju Hater.
The SS.
Where are they?
Your government.
Oh.
1213 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Where do you come down?
Are you guys having some lunch today?
We are.
We're having some totes.
Tony's pizzas.
See, I mentioned pizza before and didn't take long.
I got to play that drop again.
He was so good.
He didn't have a big role in the movie, but that opening scene where he says...
What does this mean?
We must go to the pro-Jewelry.
Yeah.
Be my friend.
Godfather.
And he puts out his any kisses as a ring.
He better.
No, you can kiss his ass.
Either one.
1214 at QM, hurricane season.
It's here. We're right in the middle.
We're smack dab in the middle.
No wait until it's too late to protect your home.
Hurricane Shuttaro, let us go.
All you do is yourself hurricane panels.
While everybody in his right mind want to buy over those big home improvement hurricane
warehouses, when a hurricane shuttaro, let us your complete source for hurricane protection.
They have everything you need to get to job done and save you a lot of cash.
They stock all sizes of clear, probably carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels that
are cut to your knees and ready for you to pick up or they'll live them right to your home.
And keep in mind that all their products are dayed, browored, and palm-each-county-approved.
Contractors and installers.
Welcome and they accept all major credit cards too.
Step by step instructions are included.
So why pay all the extra money for installation when it's a piece of cake for you to do it yourself.
Thanks to hurricane shuttaro outlet, they can get you all the things you need to do yourself and save a ton of cash.
Call them at this number 9-5-4-237-7083 or log on to their website hurricane shuttaro outlet.com.
Tell them that Neil Tordy to call or give you a hundred bucks off on a minimum order 350 square feet.
You'll find these folks located at 600 Anson Boulevard in Hallendale on the east side of I-95
between Hallendale Beach, Florida and Pemberton Road.
Hurricane Shuttaro outlet, call them at 9-5-4-237-7083 or on the Wicked Web.
Log on to hurricane shuttaro outlet.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all it?
This is 5.62 A.M.
The Hoover out the monmon.
Hello, I am Sambo Roy.
And like many of you, I had a problem with missing skull.
I woke up one morning, scratched my head and cut junk.
Off my skull is in my hand.
This is size furling for the skull club for men.
Sambo is like thousands of men with missing skull.
Not only is it fatal, it can lower your confidence in self-esteem.
I started losing my skull in my early 20s.
I was sick and tired of being called num skull and half brain.
So I called the skull club for men.
With our non-surgical skull replacement system, we take pieces of skull.
If only we ask us where we get them and use a staple gun to replace them is Ukrainian.
Now when I run my fingers through Tom's skull, I don't end up with chunks of brain.
And it looks so natural.
Thank you, skull club for men.
So call skull club for men today.
And remember, I'm not just the skull club president.
I'm also a member.
Wait a second, that's my skull on the floor.
I got it.
I think I'm going to start the skull cap club for men.
Renew if you cute.
Okay, that'd be something.
Oh, don't tell me you're eating now in the middle of the show.
Oh, geez, sorry.
Bob's sitting here reading and you're eating.
We got a lot of votes on that pull, man.
I can't believe it.
In the first of August, when you think everybody would be out of town, they are.
Don't forget the mess of the marlins at PP Park tonight.
Any interest?
Marlins are only seven games under.
Actually, they were only five games under until they lost that double header.
There was a debate.
Well, they lost four or five.
I mean, I'm very important.
That's not going to do it.
Would you stop being so damn negative, my god, since you're off their payroll,
you turn on them like a cornered rat.
I was never on their payroll.
And I really think that the worst thing I ever heard was when you said,
Dave Ann Boring is the worst play by play broadcaster in the history of the baseball.
I couldn't believe you said that.
You said he was coma inducing.
He said it's twice.
9.00.
12.00.
12.00.
12.00.
13 votes on the pull.
I can't believe it.
Can you?
I believe it.
They've met a shocking development.
When you say that, they'll be on a front page of the Sun Central.
Maybe Jim Sarni can put that into column for he's betting it now.
Now, what was that line he used about?
I got that here.
Dynamic duo.
The dynamic.
Neil and George and Josh Cordis are the dynamic, the right or is that McTrio?
Don't you expect that coming up this next weekend?
And also about the fact that Neil had an 8-year midday and kicked everybody's ass.
And the ticket had a 1.1 and that deduce put his tail between his pantsuit and his legs.
And the haul they asked.
And that Sid Rosen, Cran's Burgstein is going to be doing that midday by himself,
at least temporarily until he leaves town.
It goes back to New York, which he's dying to get out.
Those are the kind of things that you ought to be putting in there.
And so this Booge and the Zezlow are radio-is-dynamic duo.
My God.
That sounds so gay.
You know, don't it?
A little bit.
Yeah.
I can't wait to see them in the bat cave together.
Got only nosebleeds going on down there.
I think that's dark.
I saw my Kancy Booge.
I mean, I know we lost a lot of weight.
Yes.
But I can't see him slide down at Greast Pool.
Oh, yeah, I'm picturing it down.
Oh, by the way, the second to see the audience says,
we're talking about an inside thing, which is good.
We know and you don't.
Well, Sean's pool is we don't want to tell him ahead of time,
because then they'll start calling him with suggestions.
Although they can't call him anyway,
because I'm not taking any calls.
Maybe you don't believe me, but I shut the monitor off, right?
I believe you.
I heard him.
Why would I waste the energy on there?
I'm not taking any.
Hi!
There you go.
Yeah, right, right.
You're not still getting nosebleed.
Or are you kidding me?
No, those questions are...
Who killed Tak Robin?
That's right.
Right?
We didn't know the answer to that.
I think it was Josh.
Did he do it?
Mm-hmm.
Because I was just thinking about Robin's slide down at Greast Pool with the Batman.
You know, they're both with a candlestick holder in the elevator.
Norman Solomon writes,
applauding while Lebanon burns.
And you know, and many of these articles, by the way, were written before this weekend,
before the latest conno massacre.
This was written Wednesday, July 26, so it's like we could go tomorrow.
Applauding while Lebanon burns.
Syndicated communist Richard Cohen declared in the Washington Post's lives to the day that an eye for an eye
would be a hopelessly wimpy policy for the Israeli government.
That's what we could go today.
Anyone who knows anything about the Middle East knows that proportionality is madness, he wrote,
for Israel a small country within reach as we're finding out of a missile launch from any enemy's backyard.
proportionality is not only inefficable, it's suicide.
The last thing in these is a war of attrition.
It isn't good enough to take out this or that missile battery.
It's necessary to reestablish deterrence.
You slap me, I'll punch out your lights.
Cohen likes to sit in front of computer and use flip phrases like,
punch out your lights as euphemisms for burning human flesh and bones with high-tech weapons courtesy of the American taxpayers.
In mid-November, 1998, when President Clinton canceled plans for air attacks on Iraq,
after Saddam Hussein promised full cooperation with you and weapons inspectors,
Cohen wrote, something is out of balance here.
The Clinton administration waited too long to whack, and needed to punch out Iraq's lights and didn't do so.
The resort to euphemism tells us a lot.
So does Cohen's track work at a sweeping statement on behalf of his deal for military actions spotted by the U.S. Treasury?
On February 6, 2003, the Washington Post published Richard Cohen's judgment
the morning after Cohen and Powell made his televised presentation of the UN Security Council.
The evidence he presented at the UN, some of it circumstances, some of it absolutely bone-jilling units to tail,
had to prove to anyone that Iraq not only has an accountant for its weapons of mass destruction,
but without a doubt, still retains them, Cohen wrote, only a fool or possibly a Frenchman could conclude otherwise.
Cohen's moral certainties are on a par with his technical ones, while he condemns rockets fired into Israel,
he expresses pleasure about missiles fired by the Israeli government,
that the death of a civilians is far higher from Israel's weapon, where he doesn't appear to bother him.
On the contrary, he seems glad about the killing spree by the Israeli military,
and a column with bigoted overtones, including the quote,
Israel, as I've often said, unfortunately located, gentrifying a pretty bad neighborhood.
Cohen's even as to support additional large-scale bombing by Israel is thematic.
Consider this passage.
Hezbollah, with the aid of Iran and Syria, has shown that it is no longer necessary to send a decent suicide bomber over the border.
All that's needed is the requisite amount of thrust and a warhead.
That thing, in the case, is either stupid or mean for anyone to call for proportionality.
The only way to ensure that babies don't die in their curbs and old people in the streets
is to make the Lebanese or the Palestinians understand that if they, no matter how reluctantly,
host these rockets, they will pay a very, very steep price.
Such phrasing is classic evasion by keyboard cheerleaders for war,
the Lebanese, the Palestinians, they will pay a very, very steep price.
Meanwhile, in the real world, the vast majority of the victims of the Israeli-anslaughter
civilians being subjected to collective punishment.
Cohen, like so many others in the American-fundedocracy,
depicts the death of an Israeli civilian as far more tragic and important than the death of an Arab-Sovietan.
There's something really sick about such righteous support for civilian death and destruction.
Osama bin Laden, meet Richard Cohen, Richard, Edo Sama.
Nice going, Norm, you go, baby.
Kormi Solomon.
That's right, I'm up.
Yeah, I think his real name was Udel Evedsch.
That's right.
His new book, by the way, is War Made Easy,
How Presidents and Pundits Keep Spinning Us To Death.
Yeah, I may have to go out and get that.
Now, can we get off of this Middle East stuff, all this killing and murder and bloodshed and mayhem?
Please, something lighthearted, like Mel Gibson.
No, I don't have anything lighthearted in here,
although that story about Candeliza making the vanity fearless.
Oh, please, a Candeliza.
Oh, that's Dr. Rice T. O'Neal.
That's Dr. Rice.
She's a real, well-educated.
The piece of crap is what she is, okay? A bubblehead.
She's in so far over her head she's drowning in a sea of gallaldebebe.
She's drowning in it.
And, Robert, watch the area get up there and talk about these are the birth pangs of the fight for the democracy in the new Middle East.
These are the ramblings of Neocon lunatics, that's all.
That's what her speechwriters are writing, all these Neocon maniacs,
the Richard pearls and Paul Wolfowitz is in the Bill crystals of the world.
Lunatics, crazy people, and Dick Cheney, of course, don't forget Dick.
Group identifies new flaws in die-bold, evoting machines.
Can't we find a good machine-mind?
That seems to be the problem with America.
Nobody can find a good machine-mind.
And not just America, I'm having difficulty too.
Yeah, can't find a good machine.
Although I had a winning morning yesterday and Friday.
Good?
Yeah, well not that good, you know?
I'm losing days, I lose my ass, and I'm winning.
Well, see now that the O's have been over a certain amount, I run out of there.
You know?
It's race out.
Like my machine gave me a thousand on the line yesterday morning.
I took that ticket and I cashed it ran out of there like I was shot out of a cannon.
Like I was one of the American...
It was that the Freddie Boom Boom cannon.
One of those American bunker buster bombs, you know, that they sent so breathlessly last week.
26, and see all these people who are dying, all the innocent people that are dying?
They're dying because of politics, that's all.
Right.
So while you idealist out there, all you fools, all you ostriches with your heads buried in the sand,
that's what it's all about, politics and business.
Where's Howard Beal when we need him, you know?
That's what we need.
Everybody to turn on their network news tonight at 630 instead of the usual canker anchors on it,
all of a sudden here's Howard Beal.
When I be brave to meet.
That's right.
Climate, climate, health, health, education anymore.
Poor Peter Finch, man, here are so good.
Yes he was.
27th pass, no, and at 560 WQM lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast
by far and away by a million miles, the best Chinese buffet anywhere in South Florida.
They got three Emerald Coast for you.
They're in sunrise, tempered pines and sunny ales beach.
You'll find over 100 different items on the menu.
So take your time when you go in there, make a day of it, just take out.
Start out with six different kinds of delicious soups.
Then go for the juicy delicious New York steak, real deal order, hand-carved prime rib.
They got a sushi bar and all the traditional Asians, Asian dishes, what I say,
ages and Asians.
Asian dishes as well as a salad bar and a sea of bar.
There's so much food you won't know what to pick out on next at the Emerald Coast.
And the dessert bar is fabulous during the week, but on the weekend, even more fabulouser.
The 40-inch chocolate fountain will make your mouth water as you hand it,
your strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake, stick all kinds of decadent things in there
and loads of milk chocolate for dessert, a perfect thing to a feast at the Emerald Coast.
And don't forget, no headaches when you walk out of there because they don't use any MSS.
No cornstarch, no crap, they cook all the good stuff only in healthy, cholesterol-free,
canola oil. It's good for you. It's delicious and it will fill you like crazy.
You will walk out of there like the beast.
Bring the whole family to Emerald Coast real soon, call them for reservations.
954-572-3822. 954-572-3822.
And don't forget every Friday through Sunday, lots of your faces back at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-Q-A-F.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Goodness, that microphone was on. Really? Wow. That was close.
Good thing I didn't swear. Well, actually Mr. President, you did.
I did? What the heck does he say?
Did I say f***? That's a good...
I didn't do a variation like, I had the word mother to it.
Thanks for the no. What did I say then?
Well, I believe you said the word. I did. No.
Yes. You got to be f***ing me.
That's an awful. I didn't say the C word.
Who in heaven's? No, you did not. Really?
I never said condolence. You did Mr. Bush.
Good one. Pass it on a relaxed honey here.
Tell you what, have one of these here biscuits.
They're really f***ing good.
There's your leader. Stop, stop.
I don't want to print out those gruesome pictures. I lied.
I said I wasn't going to read any more stories about that stuff.
Well, because I keep finding them, man. I keep finding them.
You would. Steve Watson on InfoWords writes advocating massacre
and inside of the Neocon mindset.
I sent this along to you, Jack. I don't know.
Are the pictures on the bottom? I don't know. I haven't seen it.
No, no, I don't mean that. Are they going to show up?
No. We can put them up separately if you'd like.
There's a link to a original story. If you click on that, you'll go to that.
I know that.
Well, you don't want to see those because they're very disturbing.
Oh, in fact, they say the problem is not a very graphic.
People are holding these little babies.
I can't read this because this chopped it off.
I want to keep my head in the state. Thank you very much.
Okay. Well, I'll put that aside.
You read it on our website and take a look at the pictures and see if you don't want to puke your gut stuff.
Anyway, like I said, I'm getting off of that now.
The Open Voting Foundation, a California-based nonprofit organization
that works to promote the adoption of open source technology
to the nation's voting machines, has announced that it's found what it called the worst ever security flaw found in
DiBold RS-a-a-a-voting machines, Mon.
They're bad machines, Mon. What is wrong with you people?
The Foundation claims to have discovered a switch inside the machine
which when flipped can have the machine operate in a completely different manner
compared to the tested and certified version of it.
DiBold has made the testing and certification process practically irrelevant.
Said the Foundation's president, Alan Deser, in a statement obtained by Ross Sturry.
It doesn't get much rarer than that.
If you have access to these machines and you want a rigged election,
anything is possible with the DiBold TS
and it could be done without leaving a trace.
All you need is a screwdriver and the voters get...
Screwed? Right.
Well, what else do you do with a screwdriver?
Well, I'm on the driver. They get screwed.
Technical specifications that report may be read in the statement
and excerpt from which follows.
And it's got a whole bunch of technical stuff in it.
These findings underscore the need for open testing and certification.
There is no way such a security vulnerability should be allowed.
These systems should be recalled as what the article says.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Sir.
I mean, who now knows whose votes are being counted or what kind of tellings they're coming up with?
And again, you know, the Democrats sit back,
but if it like Al Gore, you know, in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004,
but a beat, but a boot, but a bunch of WIMPs, man, a bunch of WIMPs.
And here's how our dean run around the other day pandering just herniatically
about the Maliki as an anti-Semite and about a beat, but a boot, but a bob.
Yeah.
Here you go.
Just like that.
The most important thing that I ever read in my life was that article about a pack by Erie Berman.
What are you just making that up?
Then, of course, you find out just before that the Wikipedia bio on Wolflitzkrie,
who was an Apex spokesman.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So if anybody believes that you're going to get any real news from CNN,
or any other American network, you're dreaming.
And ain't going to happen.
Or you get his proper gander.
That's all.
Bullcrap.
Speaking of Bullcrap, getting back to Katherine Harris,
the State Republican Party bluntly tool representative Katherine Harris
that she could not win this fall Senate election,
and that's party campaign would not support her campaign.
A letter obtained Monday by the AP shows.
Party chairman Carol Jean Jordan made a last-ditch attempt in the confidential May 7th letter
to force Harris out of the race for the nomination,
that challenged Democratic Senator the very wishy-washy Bill Nelson.
But the next day, Harris turned in paperwork to get her name on the September 5th Republican primary ballot.
Yes, Robert Decker.
The letter came as Governor Jeb Bush was trying to get State House Speaker Alan Benz
into the race.
Benz, and I'll later announce later that week, uh-uh, not going to do it.
Harris, of course, wrote his national prominence as Florida Secretary of State
and Chief of Votefixer during the bitter presidential election in 2000 that gave the White House to George W.
She was elected the U.S. House in 2002 as her reward for helping fix the votes.
The Harris campaign returned no full messages seeking comment on Monday.
The letter was also signed by National Committee Woman Sharon Day,
a National Committeeman Paul Semft.
Katherine, though it causes us much anguish,
we have determined that your campaign faces irreparable damage.
The letter said, we feel that we have no other choice but to revoke our support.
In other words, hope they are endured.
The polls call us then no matter how you run this race, you will not be successful in beating Bill Nelson,
who would otherwise be a vulnerable and combative force to face a stronger candidate.
Since the letter was written, three political newcomers have entered the race against Harris.
Lee Roy Collins, Jr., Senator former Florida Governor.
Remember the Roy Collins?
No.
That's before back in the fit.
He was a great governor.
He was a, uh, Democrat.
What did he know?
Dead.
Peter Monroe, a developer who helped manage the government savings and loan bailout and lawyer William McBride.
The State Republican Party confirmed Glouder's comments on Monday and a statement during the situation
was disappointed that a private letter had been made public,
but added that our concerns about the race in Congresswoman Harris' campaign still exist.
And the latest Quinnipiac poll released Thursday,
Harris had a comfortable lead in the GOP primary race,
but is training Nelson by 37 percentage points in the general election race.
The letter to Harris listed major obstacles, including coverage of campaign,
contributing to the defense contractor, Mitchell Wade, who later completed the building
of driving the Duke, Duke cutting him and a partridge in the perfect.
She hasn't got any chance.
That's why we're delighted that she's going to be running.
Yes, we are.
Anybody with an IQ larger than their thing.
Now, what does this say?
What do you think of the Jim DeFeedy show on 940?
What does that mean?
Is this a crazy person that sent us this?
Maybe it's a rumor.
Well, a rumor of what?
Who cares?
Who knows and who cares?
Jim DeFeedy, my ass.
And this article is older than last year's great nuts for crying out a lot about big 106 is going to be doing the
dolphin games on FM.
Well, they just discovered it.
No.
This is although big 106 will pick up the radio call from announcers Joe Rosen,
Jimmy Cifalus, it gives little credit to its A.M. partner.
If your FM down breaks, you can still check out the dolphins on 790 to the ticket.
Of course, if they're still doing sports by that time.
If Joe Findberg's daddy don't start getting PO, the Joe Zuznall that money so they can get a one share.
You know that they didn't come close to cracking a two all day long in any day part?
Yeah, I didn't notice that.
They made me read their numbers.
Huh?
The power of the B made me read their numbers.
They held it down to my head.
I shouldn't say they didn't come close.
They had a one nine between five and seven in the morning.
That's close.
They had a one five between seven and ten little dog Joe.
They had a one one in the mid day, which everybody's bailing out of that.
And they had a one three between two and four.
That's that dynamic duo, one point three.
And they have to and Dan LaVance, you didn't have a one point eyes.
So they came close couldn't crack a two out here like that in any day part.
But they're making some big inroads and what did I tell you?
You're in a half two years ago.
You can't talk your way into ratings.
Okay. Do you got him or you don't open your guys?
Don't you don't got him?
You don't got crap.
I don't think they have enough sports on. That's the problem.
Yeah.
If they would just if we just had 15 more sports talk stations,
just imagine all the people would bring the sports talk right.
But what did I take him once ago?
Sports talk radio is dead than a door nail man.
It's dead than what's your every dog that he's children.
Dead than there's little kids in Conno.
Monday night football says and this fax is signed.
Fidel barely breathing.
Monday night football. Get it on there.
Okay.
I want to store a little bit confused.
Josh you being the expert on this crap.
Monday night football is on NBC now, right?
Is it Sunday night?
Yes.
CN.
CBS.
No.
CBS?
Yeah.
Thanks so.
Why did I ask you?
Anyway, no.
Because I saw the promo for Divide Al Michaels and John Madden together again in stereo.
And Madden was elbowing Al out of the way because there was food there.
But I owe this madden by the way.
Is he going to like 100 fall over on a broadcast?
That would be great.
Get a 90 share easy.
That's how our bill said.
Get a 90 share easy.
Like Bill Holden said, wife that F and Disney right off the map.
Remember that?
I bet you remember that scene because that was the beginning of the movie and you saw that you weren't asleep yet.
Right?
I do.
Terrorist of the month.
Suicider.
Yeah.
That was a great scene.
Don't do it buddy.
Don't do it.
You young guy.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
That's such a great movie.
You didn't like it yet.
Well, nothing's perfect.
You know, listen.
I like the message.
Yeah.
Right.
Like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
Yeah, I didn't have a problem.
Right.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
I was like Godfather 3 for example.
Do you think people will vote for me?
Porsche.
PraiseCómo, baby,
PraiseCómo, baby,
PraiseCómo, baby, all the Bul belongs to motor Hitman
PraiseCómo, baby, all the Bulbodies
All the Bulbodies мои overview
1282 votes or just the shy of 1300 and sighting one o'clock. We're gonna have over 13 or a vote
Oh, you and his caught in the middle look at that. Oh boy. What can you tell us about that?
Kiryak Shimonah.
He's in Beirut. What are the younger doings here actually?
Continuing with phase one if you like assuming there are other phases of
Don't drop that bomb now. We got that big cross on top of our building. Oh oops. Oops
We're sorry. Oh, sorry. We express our sorrow unlike the and and not only that but when these people are
killed by Israeli bombs they're likely killed. They're justly killed and likely killed.
House and Senate Democratic leadership as well as ranking minority members from the National
Security Committees have written the president and Bush the butcher Washington to call for the
phase redeployment of U.S. forces by the end of this year. Far from implementing a comprehensive
strategy for victories you promised months ago Democrats, right? Your administration's strategy
appears to be one of trying to avoid defeat. Iraqi political leaders must be informed they go on
to say that American patients blood and treasure are not unlimited and it's got a roster we can
read it on our website. Scott the whole letter signed by Harry Reid, Dick Durbin, Stan Hoyer,
a whole bunch of people. Carl Levin, Ike Scouton, Red Scouton, Joe Biden this time, Tom Lantos
with a big head of white here, Jane Harmon, Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman and a bunch of other people.
See the problem with the Democrats is that they don't have anybody. There's no one voice.
There's no leadership. There's a vacuum. And of course, he'll reach. You know what she's busy doing?
Every single time we see her. She picked up where John Kerry left off.
They're all over the place. They're a fake party anyway. Yeah, that's correct. There is
no real opposition party because right now they be screaming bloody murder. But then the APAC
article should confirm you're really well while they're terrified to tell them like it is about
the butcher read that's going on over there in the Middle East with the U.S. made weapons and with
the assistance and encouragement and the planning of the U.S.A. and the Neocons. This is the
reshaping of the Middle East they were all talking about. Working pretty well, isn't it? Oh yeah.
Yeah. Working like a charm, like a lucky charm. Big that land and they're shaping it into
craters. It's like that little dog. You know with the one eye and the two legs chopped off,
lucky is his name. The Republicans are having a real problem with linguistics lately.
First of all, Tony Snow and now it's Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney.
Mitt Romney's apologized for referring to the troubled big big construction project as a
tar baby during a fundraiser with Iowa Republicans saying he didn't know anyone would be offended by
the term some consider a racial epiphate. What is wrong with these people? I guess they never saw
the song of a South, huh? I thought everybody did. In a speech Saturday, Romney, a Republican
considering running for president in 2008, oh he's got a big chance. Not.
Acknowledged he took a big political risk and taken control of the project after a fatal tunnel
ceiling collapse but said the nation would have been even worse. The best thing politically would be
to stay as far away from that tar baby as I can. He told a crowd of about 100 supporters in
Ains Iowa. Black leaders were outraged at the use of this term which dates to the 19th century
Uncle Remus stories referring to a doll made of tar that traps rare rabbit. It's come to be known
as a way of describing a sticky mess. It has been used as a derogatory term for a black person.
Tar baby is a totally inappropriate phrase in the 21st century. Siddlery Jones, a Black
Republican and civil rights activist. How do you like that? This is the new thing with him.
He thinks he's presidential timber Jones said but he's all he's shown us is arrogance.
Romney spokesman Eric Fernstrom said the governor was describing a sticky situation.
He was unaware that some people find the term objectionable and said he's sorry if everybody's sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I killed you killed all those innocent children. I'm sorry I offended you.
I'm sorry I opened up a stupid White House spokesman Tony Snow sparked similar criticism in May
when he used the term in response to a question about governments surveillance.
Well I've never thought I'd find the guy no ride that I've been doing around these two days.
Now in the classic city we used to stick to so many of brotherhoods I did.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
The key to time in the dream is called benedictive democracy.
I've got the chance of liquid cherry yoke.
God baby open up without a cherry cherry baby group.
God baby shining in a little bit.
Little's really the difference is that shit now so I've got to have the role in a bit that is super
bad way.
Now in the autumn stop the big deal so they'll get around the beach in the rain.
I'm not 79.
I'm both Adolina.
Show looking fine now he's my baby dad.
That's all I'm doing.
Over and over not a cherry cherry baby.
God baby shining in a little bit.
Little's really the difference.
Yoke.
I grab a window down on a hot summer day because they hate see don't work no way.
This way the freshman law seat sucks the smell that gets the tussle look at the whole bit time.
I'm back to Dubai the shining ground of my life thanks my coffee.
Johnny Dupres I've been washing it with all the road.
No longer a rear.
Look at the carada cherry cherry baby group.
God baby Michael shot the cruees going over speed bumps in truth.
God baby.
Fresh the golden cherry of the fancy tree.
Baby.
God baby.
Baby.
I would say this.
How come it's hard out there for a pimps is an offensive to black Americans and yet
tar babies still is.
What's wrong with what's wrong with a pimps?
Oh I see.
Pips are compliment these days.
Okay in case you don't know.
You pimped in my show.
You know it.
Daddy oh.
1292 votes we're going to have 13 ended by the top of the earth.
This is a shocking development on being the front page of New York Times Washington Post.
Weekly reader it's hard out there for a pimps.
Especially if he's driving a yellow Seville.
Naples woman who didn't know what I've been telling you people I don't want to like keep
beating a dead horse but I'm beating it anyway.
Dead in a door nail.
How is Barbara doing by the way and how's Ariel Shiro and not good he's up to Soros.
Herdy's hanging out with Castro.
Man you watch people behave like a bunch of auto-meetings man.
Which is so he asks automaton's just oh it's my people.
I see therefore my people are for them all this is all I care about.
Right.
Goes to show the power brainwashing is just for not see the remember when it was where I think it
was like in the 70s and into the 80s and then I guess from the 60s to the early 80s.
The programming kids from cults was a very big I guess I remember talking about such crap
that made some TV movies.
The problem is that most of the world needs to be the program from the craft that they were
brainwashed with from the time that they were old enough to like absorb any kind of information
whatsoever until the present moment in their lives.
You're right.
And this includes all this ethnocentric BS that's going on the world right now.
Whether it's the Cubans with Castro or the Jews with Israel or the whatever.
The Muslims with the Allah and all the BS and with the cartoons and it's just madness.
Yes.
ethnocentric bull crap that that that's what runs the world that and of course big business
and that helps big business because whoever pandes to that they you know they get the big bucks
and like that movie said war is big business that's why we fight because it's uh we're in
the business of war and the business of killing because that's where the big bucks are.
By the way how about those uh record profits by Eshan.
I didn't make a record it was a second sorry they only made 10 billion that's right in the
second quarter don't exaggerate we had an 8 share 8 point and they made 10 billion see the similarities
there sure only this show doesn't cross anything to listen and Ron I mean Exha, oh excuse
there was a 14 slip.
How's Kenny Latewins he still dead?
Yeah I've been talking about these cruise ships every couple of days man there's another horror
story and you people won't listen to me what have I been telling you for years most people have a
very well and by the way I should probably tell you this next year and it doesn't start to
refer to the year so you and I are going to have to work something out in December so that maybe
I'll work on Christmas day and you work like on New Year something like that okay because I'm
not taking that usual December week because I my next calendar year for some strange reason is
the post-it-stary October 1 it starts January 1 for the next two years right and I have seven weeks
vacation during each year wow what a scam plus that that's on top of the summer deal yeah
yeah so so just be planning to come up with a lot of good pulls oh yeah just be nice to Sean
Hey Sean Naples woman have disappeared from a cruise ship sailing along with coast of Italy is dead
but fall tight was not suspected or half brother said I wonder which half lower half details
surrounding the death of Elizabeth Cague Galliana 22 happened in reveal but her family did not
leverage how they knew she was dead obviously our entire family is devastated by the loss of
Elizabeth her half brother Brian Evan sent a statement while we're waiting to completion the
investigation of the tragedy from what we know at this time we do not believe Elizabeth's death
was resolved of any foul play Carol McCallock a spokeswoman for the FBI's Tampa Orifice
said yesterday that Italian authorities saw the body in the water near Ponsan and I learned
off the Italian coast between Roma and Napoli she said Italian authorities were trying to
confirm if it was Galliana she was in the water she was floating Galliano's reported missing
from Royal Caribbean International's Voyager the Seas last Tuesday Michael she and a spokesman for
the Miami-based cruise line said Galliano likely fell off the ship to refer questions on the
search to the FBI and attend authorities Royal Caribbean is fully supporting investigation
to cruise line said our thoughts and prayers go out to the Galliana family Galliana was last
seen July 25th while the ship was on route to Naples Italy from the port of Sitavecchia near Rome
civet sorry civet Tavecchio how can that be civet said to be what she liked her CH
civet here stop it near Rome according to a statement from Royal Caribbean she was daughter of
Frank Galliano the owner of the Galliana automotive group of dealership and locations in four
miles as well as Michigan and South Carolina now she's dead she went on a cruise and now she's dead
we hit it all the time somebody went on a cruise the way the pukin are guts out or they're dead or
all of these horrible things all of these things but that's the way you want to spend your
valuable vacation time you go right ahead they might even give you a refund or you were like
5% off on the next trip don't give you a coupon for Wendy right for 15 bucks profit the adq
I mean are sometimes the things in your carpets that you cannot see are really the worst for you
you know and that's why you really ought to call our friends to draw concepts because not only
they make your carpets look fantastic you just like brand new they'll make them sanitary again
because they're exclusive dry cleaning methods sucks out even the deepest dirt down here in dead
you can't see with an a-cut eye I've been using for over 21 years you ought to be doing the same
and it's true when you dry clean your carpets with dry concepts you really can clean
the night and entertain the night your carpets stay cleaner longer you they're a long
year with no sticky residue left behind with over 50,000 satisfied customers you got a lot of happy
company all over South Florida and don't forget dry concepts are also the experts in water damage
restoration keep that in mind during this long painful hurricane season certified technicians
get you out of the mold zone in just a matter of minutes not days and dry concepts can get your
home a business dry within 24 to 72 hours it's guaranteed and speaking of guarantees they give
you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing the job no add-ons no ripoffs no
bad surprises at the end and to top it all off rock concepts got that state of the art
arena rug cleaning plant the only one in all South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your
expensive area runners looking brand new so do yourself a humongous favor and call dry concepts
today tool free indeed row to the palm beaches 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071
around a web dry concepts dot com this is Neil Roger this is 5 16 Q a
but it's it's the one to do our
v
crazy man as I care folks on it. It's just Castro having surgery and temporarily
hands his power over to his brother. Well we know he's got to be dead right? Oh yeah dead tired.
Dead, dead, dead. Someday he'll be dead. I'm telling you he's dead tired about a BS.
Karen Armstrong and the Guardian writes this is a really good article you might be
interested in. I don't know if the audience will be but you will. Okay. Bush's
fondness for fundamentalism is courting disaster at home and abroad. She's
author what's your book called? Oh the Battle for God a history of fundamentalism.
Okay and that's what it's all about the Battle for God. My God is better than
your God. My head gear is better than yours. I'm gonna have seven virgins in
heaven. No I'm gonna have 20. No I'm gonna have a hundred. Karen Armstrong and
the Guardian writes from the very beginning the conflict between religion and
modern science was couched in extreme even apocalyptic rhetoric. Thomas H.
Huxley who popularized the origin of the species insisted that people had
to choose between faith and science. There could be no compromise. One of the
other would have to succumb after a struggle of unknown duration. In response
conservative Christian plants the crusade against Darwinism. After the first
world war the Democratic politician William Jennings Bryan claimed that there
was a direct link between evolutionary theory and German militarism the
notion that the only the strong could or should survive have laid the foundation
for the bloodiest war in history. The same science that manufactured poison
gases to suffocate soldiers is preaching that man has a brutal ancestry. The
struggle continues nowhere more so than among the Christian right in the US who
still regard the evolutionary hypothesis as surrounded by a murderous
nervous of evil. In 1925 they tried to ban the teaching revolution in public
schools and develop creation science based on the literal reading of the
first chapter of Genesis. More recently they have tried to introduce into the
school curriculum the teaching of intelligent design ID which claims that the
irreducible complexity of microorganisms could not have evolved naturally but
must be the result of a single creative act. The issue splits the nation down
the middle. Fundamentalist want to win in battle for God liberalist liberals
and secularists are fighting for truth and rationality. The same
person they're likely to be aroused by President Bush's decision last week
the veto the stem cell research enhancement act which would have loosened
the restrictions on federal funding for stem cell research. This bill would
support the taking of innocent human life in the hope of fighting medical
benefits for others. Bush said it crosses a moral boundary that our decent
society needs to respect. Can I just interrupt there one more time in the middle
of my reading this article. Here is a maniac a lunatic a buffoon who's talking
about the taking of innocent human life of nebulous human life and all these
innocent Lebanese people who are being slaughtered by American made weapons he
couldn't give a crap about that in fact he couldn't get those damn bunker
buster bombs over there. His real fast enough last week but nevertheless his
opponents point out that while the president zealousy champions the rights of
the unborn he's less concerned about the part of existing American children.
The US infant mortality rate is only the 42nd best in the world the average
baby has a better chance of surviving in Havana or Beijing. Infant mortality
rates are unacceptably high among those who can't afford adequate health care
especially in the African American community and finally at the same time is
Bush decided to veto the stem cell bill. Israeli bombs were taken lives of hundreds
of innocent Lebanese civilians many of them children were the tacit approval of
the US. I thought I just said that. Is there a connection between a
religiously motivated mistrust of science clearing social injustice and war in
the Middle East. Bush and his administration espoused many of the ideals of
the Christian right and related support. American fundamentalists are convinced
that the second coming of Christ is at hand they've developed an end time
scenario of genocidal battles based on literal readings of revelation that
is absolutely central to their theology. Christ cannot return however unless in
fulfillment of biblical prophecy the Jews are in possession of the Holy Land.
Before the end the faithful will be raptured or snatched up in the order to
avoid the tribulation. Antichrist will massacre Jews who are not baptized but
Christ will defeat the mysterious enemy from the North and establish a
millennium of peace. This grim fairy tale. I beg your pardon. You said grim
I'll tell you we're gonna say fairy tale. Fairy tale developed in the late 19th
century was part of a reaction to the social gospel of the more liberal
Christians who believed that human beings were actually evolving toward
perfection and could build a New Jerusalem here on earth by fighting social
injustice. The fundamentalists however believed that God was so angry with the
faithless world that he could save it only by initiating a devastating
catastrophe. They would see the terrible battles of the First World War which
showed that science could be used to lethal effect in the new military
technology as the beginning of the end. The fundamentalist rejection of
sciences deeply linked to their apocalyptic vision. Even the relatively sober
ID theorists said we easily into rapture speak. Great shakings and darkness are
descending on planet earth to the ID philosopher Paul Nelson but they will be
overshadowed by even more amazing displays of God's power and life. Ever the
long term strategist why HVH is rising up in a mighty arm of cutting its
Jewish end time warriors. They all condemn the attempt to reform social
ideals when applied socially evolutionary theory leads straight to all the
woes of modern life since the leading ID Iolog Philip Johnson. Homosexuality,
state-backed healthcare, divorce, single parenthood, socialism and abortion.
All of this of course is highly agreeable to the Bush administration which is
itself selectively leery of science. It has for example persistently ignored
scientists warnings about global warming why bother to implement the Kyoto
treaty if the world is about to end. Indeed some fundamentalist see environmental
damage as a positive development because it will hasten the apocalypse. This
nihilistic religiosity is based on a perversion of the texts. The first
chapter of Genesis was never intended as a literal account of the origins of
life. It is a myth, a timeless story about the sanctity of the world and
everything in it. Revelation was not a detailed program for the end time. It is
written in an apocalyptic genre that is quite a different dynamic. When they
describe the Jews returning to their homeland the Hebrew prophets were
predicting the end of the Babylonian exile in the 6th century BC not the
second coming of Christ. The prophets did preach a stern message of social
justice however and like all the major world-fates Christianity sees charity
in loving kindness as the Cardinal virtues. Fundamentalism nearly always
distorts the tradition it is trying to defend. Whatever Bush's personal
beliefs the ideology of the Christian right is both familiar and
congenial to him. The strange amalgam of ideas can perhaps throw light on
the behavior of a present who would have said believes that God chose him
believed the world to rapture who has little interest in social reform and
whose selective concern for life issues has now inspired him to be to
important scientific research. It explains his unconditional and
uncritical support for Israel is what we must use Jewish end time warriors to
fulfill a vision of his own arguably against Israel's best interest and to see
Syria and Iran who seem to be replacing Sodom as the enemy of the north as
entirely responsible for the unfolding tragedy. Fundamentalists do not want
a humanly constructed peace. Indeed many regard the UN as the abode of
anti-Christ. The willingness of the West to turn to blind eye to the suffering of
innocent people in Lebanon will certainly fuel the rage of extremists and lead
to further acts of terror. We can only hope that it doesn't take us all the way
to Armageddon. It's a really good crap huh? Yeah. Pretty heavy duty. All your
religious nuts out there. That's what I have to say to you you're the
killing this man literally and figuratively. Come out of the dark ages, come out of
the stone age. Well, there's Susan Candy-Ode to get in Miami. They're honking
a horns. There's there's a Cuban flag. I don't see any American flags. I see a
Cuban flag. Well, they must see there go back. Number your pardon? That must be
where the people go. Okay, we're gonna do that right now. Anybody that we
five are gonna send out a search party. We're sending Miguel out there. He
he knows his Cubans. Anybody who's waving a Cuban flag if Castro indeed dies
there is already dead and we blow all that crap out of their companies to
come in. Everybody with the Cuban flag is gonna go back. Okay. Now this weekend.
This weekend before the end of the summer. Maybe I can help. Start working on
those hotels. The casinos over there. Right. Repaint. Little stuff. Get some of
myrtle. Hymen Ross old buddies in. Now speak out. I got to do the break because I
was gonna do really good segue about Kansas. You know, I'm right for you that
this morning. That's right. They're back at it again. Well, no, this is this is the
other side now. Evolutions backers in Kansas. Maudet counter attack. Oh good.
My good news. And then of course we old over from Kansas right to Mel Gibson,
which I think is a really good thing when you're right. Really just know you're
right. He's a crazy person. Noticing. Always hated him. Even before I knew
anything about his traditional Catholicism or his anti-Semitism or his daddy
being the Holocaust. Even even before any of that, I couldn't stand him. There
was just something about him that told me, oh, you know, there was a message every
time I saw him. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Absolutely. I mean,
absolutely. Probably it's after one. Don't forget we got the
bullmeister kind of no guilty today. By the way, let me congratulate
Geldie who was on the majority of two to four during their last spring
book. Let me congratulate. Let me make sure I get the right number. Okay. You are
brilliant. What? Are you reading the number? Yeah, I read it. We, we, in fact, the hour by hour, the hourlies.
Here, this is even better. You inspired me to do it. Did you read the hourly hour, hour, hour numbers?
I read it. 9 to 10 a.m. We inherited 2.8 year. We then go to an 8.1. We then
return that baby right around 8.1, 8.8. It's really great. 7.7. We leave Geldie
with a 7.5 share of minute to two o'clock. Then it goes to a two to. Oh my
God. What kind of a guy wears a two to and then a three to four o'clock. A 1.6
share. Oh my goodness. I know who'd be pissed off at that.
This is me. And this evening, she's all that big heat. Thanks, Ira. Thanks, Ira for killing our sports
segment.
I need words in them in the long long.
Rectum.
Well I was a Christian, soldier of God,
believer of all these years.
All that time I followed every word
of the scriptures, written by queers.
You fairy.
Get your keys, take these powerful God
and all the women of my team went.
Accepted not to live in when he must have been gone
all of us in holiday.
Take your card and shove it.
Oh, I ain't going to work in them no more.
Just that you're all right.
If you're with us, because everybody else is gone.
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
In the name of it is the Lord.
Take your card and shove it.
Yes.
I ain't going to work in them all.
Take your card and shove it.
I ain't going to work in them all.
Deal, God.
18 at 5.60 W.C.A.M.
It's 2.00 am, it's first, the first, quite a day today.
Lots more dead people in the Middle East.
We got Castro, May or May not be dead.
All the rumors are all over town and running around
in Little Havana and Miami and in High Ali and Sweetwater.
Yeah.
Waving in flags of a communist country.
I mean, 1336 votes on a pool.
I can't believe it.
We might have a shot of 1400.
Now we didn't have an early start.
I think I put this baby under about five yesterday afternoon.
That's because your pool was so weak.
I mean, that's because Eric.
Well, no, when I sent him the new pool and he has it on there
by the time, you know, 5.60 when I come in here and take a peek at it.
I just, I just change it.
Right.
Then I'll have to be bothered later on.
And then of course, when I do come in later on,
then I can send a hundred more stories to Josh.
That's right. He loves them.
No, he's probably not too plea led too many lately.
Way too many.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I'm not saying over.
You better not say a damn thing.
My job.
Oh, look how many there were.
Now there were too many yesterday.
And there's one that's only got like eight reads on it so far.
Which one is that?
Senate Democrats write Bush and call.
Yeah, see, they don't care about that.
We're drawn from record.
We only got almost 2600 American soldiers and a hundred of rackeys dying every day.
Why would they care about that?
Maybe they've given up on the Democrats.
I know I pretty much have.
Yeah.
Shock and awe.
They like that one to 18.
I'll tell you who they really like.
And that's a marine doubt in Frank Rich.
And rightfully so.
You know what story they loved yesterday?
I give up.
Will Durst who, you know, is a satirist.
Scientists, scientists, the specs Bush and syphilis.
They had a lot of reads.
Good.
That was sure explained a lot of things wouldn't it?
Yeah, but I don't think he's got that as well.
What are we ever going to get the truth about that abortion that he funded?
You know, like, chicken knocked up in Texas?
Yeah.
I think we'll put the abortion in the abortion.
We need to get Larry Flynn on that again.
They probably said, hey, Larry, how do you like it in that chair?
You're going to like it even better in the box.
They probably made Larry Flynn offering.
Speaking of Larry Flynn.
Yeah.
Kansas City, Kansas.
Flynn, you know, that's one step.
I've never been to it.
I'm never going to be there.
I will never go to Kansas.
I'm trying to think of I ever driven through can.
No, I never even driven through them.
Never been to it.
God and Charles Darwin are not on the primary ballot in Kansas today, but today.
But once again, a contentious school selection has religion and science and odds in a state
that has restaged a three quarter century battle over the teaching of evolution.
Oh, my God.
Less than a year after a conservative Republican majority on the state board of education adopted rules for teaching science,
containing one of the broadest challenges in the nation to Darwin's theory of evolution,
moderate Republicans and Democrats are mounting a fierce counterattack.
They want to retake power and switch the standards back to what they call conventional science.
The Kansas selection is being watched closely by both sides of the national debate over the teaching of evolution.
I mean, the Scopes Monkey Trial was won, 1928.
Okay.
Google it.
Do it at night.
Maybe it's in the story.
It has the Google it.
And what was the name of the movie with Spencer Tracy?
I forgot.
I thought it better.
Yeah. Well, anyway, in the past several years, pitch battles have been waged between scientific and fundamental.
25.
The Scopes Monkey Trial.
25.
That's 75 and 6 and 81 years ago.
81 years ago.
And these trained monkeys, man, they're turning their clock back almost a hundred years into the stone age.
What did I tell you back when Bush stole the first election, man?
These people want to take us back, not 20 or 50 years, they want to take us back out of the stone age.
And you dark folks, by the way, if you think you're going to be able to vote anymore, you're dreaming.
Too many of you guys vote in Democrat.
In the past several years, pitch man, women forget about that.
Only the Republican ones can vote.
In the past several years, pitch battles have been waged between the scientific establishment and proponents of what is called intelligent design.
Oh, yeah.
Which holds that nature alone cannot explain life's origin and complexity.
No, it's got to be some other bubble, myself.
That's it.
Last February, although if you didn't know Greg Reed, you'd really have your doubts about evolution.
Last February, they'll have a board of education revert its 2002 man day requiring 10th grade biology classes to critically analyze evolution.
The action followed a federal judge's ruling that teaching intelligent design and the public schools of Dover, Pennsylvania was unconstitutional.
Unconstitutional.
A defeat for the conservative majority in Kansas today could be further evidence of the fading fortunes of the so-called intelligent design movement while the victory would preserve an important stronghold in Kansas.
You better be all over that like stink on Greg tomorrow.
I will be.
Well, maybe I'll send the story out loud.
I don't know.
What is it?
Hour behind?
Yeah, it's an hour behind.
So I'll stay up real late, even though I have an important date early in the morning and would buy with a machine.
But I'll stay up really to make sure I get that story over to Josh.
We got any a result of this election.
Do you think it's important?
Do you think our audience is going to be just glued to their seats?
They do.
They care a lot about Kansas.
Yeah.
The curriculum standards are doubled and that's where Judy Garland was.
And that was in the Wizard of Oz.
That is.
Wasn't Dorothy going to Kansas in the movement?
Not the book.
On the yellow brick road.
Well, in the book they are crying out a lot.
It books probably banded Kansas.
It should be.
The curriculum standards adopted by the education board did not specifically mention until new design but advocates of the belief lobbied for the changes.
And students are urged to seek more adequate explanations of natural phenomena like the geeks who live in Kansas.
How is this possible that in the year 2006 there could be so many stone age moorons running around.
Though there is no reliable polling dead, a Joseph Astrub, head of the political science of Kansas State University said sharp ideological splits among Republicans and an unusual community of interest among moderate Republicans in some Democrats were helping challengers in the primary.
Kansas Democrats moreover have a strong standard bear in the incumbent governor Kathleen Sabilius was distanced herself from the debate.
And if a conservative candidate makes it through the primary, there's a democratic challenger waiting in the general election professor Astrub said.
Several moderate Republican candidates have vowed if they lose today to support the Democratic primary winners in November, would the campaigned live them by a credit field of 16 candidates for five seats, four held by conservatives who voted for the new science standards last year.
A shift of two seats could overturn this current six to four majority. This is the school board we're talking about.
The four year terms are staggered so that only half the ten member board is up for election each two years.
The acrimony in the school board races is not limited to differences over these science curriculum but also over other ideologically charged issues like sex education.
Oh, can't have that. Then they'll start doing it. Charter schools and education financing.
Power on the board a shift at almost every election since 98 with the current conservative majority taking hold in 2004.
Can we just agree God invented Darwin as to weary Sue Gamble a moderate member of the board who see does not offer election God invented Darwin.
The chairman of the board, Dr. Steve Abrams, a veterinarian and leader of the conservative majority said few of the opposition candidates were really moderates.
They're liberal. So Dr Abrams is not up for it. There is that nasty evil word again. They're liberals.
That he said that the new size curriculum is in no way opening the door to intelligent design of creationism that any claim to the contrary is an absolute falsehood.
An absolute falsehood. We have explicitly stated that the standards must be based on scientific evidence. Dr. Abrams said was observable, measurable, testable, repeatable, unfalseifiable, shovelable.
In science, he said everything is supposedly tentative except the teaching of evolution is dogma.
Harry McDonald retired biology teacher and self-described moderate Republican who's been going door to door for votes in his district near Olaf, wherever that is.
Said the board might have kept over religious references out of the standards, but me thinks they do protest too much. He said they say science can't answer this.
Therefore God, Mr. McDonald said.
Connie Morris, a conservative Republican running for reelection said the board had merely authorized scientifically valid criticism of evolution.
Ms. Morris, a retired teacher and author, said she didn't believe in evolution. It's a nice bedtime story she said. Science doesn't back it up.
Dr. Abrams said his views as someone who believes that God created the universe 60, 500 years ago had nothing to do with the science standards adopted.
Oh my goodness. God created the universe 60, 500 years ago. And all that carbon dating is the work of the devil.
Maybe you may no mistake about it. See, the universe still has that fresh smell to it.
You came like a new car smell. Can you smell it?
Well, then let's assume there's burning babies in Lebanon.
Oh, this is me.
Meal Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Oh.
Mama, I'm a child, baby.
I'm a child.
The sound of the heart, skin is discreet. It's the world of time in history. If you're not sad, you're surely dying.
Crying in a global warming land. It's a heart. As a walk we know, I just threw a big citado.
Let's forget it. Right on my leg.
Crying in a global warming land. In the winter you can build a flush man.
And pretend that he is our born.
No one listens to him because he's not a man. And now he is not listening to the cold.
Temperature is going higher. And my hair caught on fire. If the planet is tuned, we'll move to the moon.
Crying in a global warming land.
Once 31, there was no global warming. And of course there are no Israeli air strikes because they were going to stop.
They promised to stop for 40 hours. 8 hours. Did they stop?
No.
Oh, well they lied. They changed their mind.
They're going to stop for 48 hours except when and where we feel like doing it.
And so when Obama is coming to a apartment building nearby you.
While our ground troops are going on, clearing away.
18 years there didn't teach you many lessons. I guess. I said this all my guys are crazy person.
And speaking of crazy people, a blitzmail Gibson.
When you see a, you know, we're going to have a whole lot more mail gipsens because we have virulent anti-Semitism all over the world.
And Israel is doing a fabulous job of creating lots more.
Even the people who were basically fairly friendly with them, they lesbians.
Even the lesbians, Christians who were very friendly with them.
Now they are commenting. You see on the news all weekend long.
There's his government.
Yes, I did.
Just like George Bush is the greatest recruiter for al-Qaeda.
What's his name is? He's the greatest recruiter for a hesbalan Hamas.
Olmert.
Bert Olmsted.
I think he used to play for the Leafs in the Canadians.
A blitzmail Gibson launched into an obscenity-laced tirade when he would now need you to talk about this yesterday.
I made a comment or two.
Passing reference? Yes.
That he's a crazy person.
Short show. Yeah.
Well, that's right. You only had an hour.
One is the one's a ballgame on already. Oh, Christ. It's not sold tonight.
He was busted on suspicion of drunken driving this weekend, threatening an officer in making anti-Semitic and sexually abusive remarks according to a police report.
The passion of the Christ director repeatedly said, my life is F'd.
Well, you can only hope so.
According to the report by the LA County Deputy James Me.
That's with two ease.
I wonder if he's keen to mini me, you think?
It's possible.
What's he's obtained by TMZ.com.
He's celebrity news website post ad excerpts of the Handwritten Report.
Gibson 50 was pulled over for speeding at 3.10 a morning on the Pacific Coast Highway, Malibu, California.
The Oscar winning Braveheart star director was driving 80 when he was snared by radar trap in an area that of the speed limit is 45 to 55.
It was going 80.
Gibson failed both alcohol breath and fuel sobriety test.
If he said his blood alcohol level was 0.12 legal limit in California's 0.08.
According to the incident report obtained by TMZ.com, the road warrior embarked on a belligerent anti-Semitic outburst when he realized he'd been busted.
Effing Jews, the Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world.
Me's report, Quartzman is saying, are you a Jew?
Gibson asked the deputy court of the report.
Would you think about that?
Yeah, I'd like that.
The actor also be rated the deputy threatening you mother-epper.
I'm going to eff you.
Wow.
According to me, he's a report.
I didn't know he was into that.
Apparently.
The actor also told the copy, owns Malibu, was spent all of his money to get even with me.
He said in his report, TMZ quoted law enforcement sources saying Gibson noticed a female surgeon on the scene and yelled at her,
what do you think you're looking at?
Sugar boobs.
It was a teamwork.
Sugar boobs.
You have to say boobs.
He said, T.
You know what you do with those, though.
Put them on your put milk on.
Yeah, just look them.
And heaven for breakfast.
Okay.
Good with cereal.
Deputy me then wrote an eight page report detailing of the incident, but higher ups in the sheriff department felt it was too inflammatory to release and would merely serve to inside Jewish hatred TMZ said.
Oh, not from Mel Gibson.
Reach for comment on TMZ's report.
Deputy me more said the department would need a night or confirm its content.
He could offer no explanation for why me's report was with health and report is.
And of course, Mel Gibson, number one, he issued that apology that's here full upon.
He's sorry and then he went into rehab.
I got a copy of that if you wanted.
Of what?
The apology.
No.
Okay.
Earlier when I asked about the arrest, his assistant said an email statement.
At this time, we don't have any information on this matter or checking into it.
A devout Catholic.
See, now that's not correct.
He's a, what are they called?
Opus Dei.
There was, isn't there another name they used for it?
Traditionalist.
There is a crazy ass lunatic.
A crazy ass lunatic, Catholic.
Gibson's been dog by allegations about these symptoms, which he has said, translate it.
Not since his 2004 from the Passion of the Christ about the crucifixion of Jesus came out.
What's known as the Hollywood bad boy, the Aussie race Gibson was known to down five beers before breakfast at his party in peak.
But Gibson is said to keep up drinking in the 80s at the age of Tina Turner, his co-star and Mad Max be on Thunderdrome.
What's that with Chino about?
Drunks.
Gibson was previously busted for driving out of the influence in the 84 in that case.
He ran a red light and struck another car in Toronto while filming Mrs. Soffel, the dying key.
The cleaning duty was fine.
240 bucks.
It doesn't say whether it was US or Canadian A.
After yesterday's bust Gibson was gone.
Whatever day this historic him.
After the weekend, bust Gibson was booked at the Lawsdale Sheriff Station at 406 am.
The father of seven spent a few hours in the lockup before we released on $5,000 bail in 9.45 in the morning.
The Sheriff's Department has previously released mug shots of other stars arrested for drunk and driving including actress Kim Bellini in 2002.
But Gibson's booking photo was not available.
Sheriff Lee Baca personally ordered a Gibson's mug kept under wraps that Epidepity told the Daily News.
The California Highway Patrol which is busted stars including Nick Nolte and former growing pains cutie Tracy Goldford, DU.
Why routinely releases stars mug shots no matter how I'm flattering.
But in this case, no.
Well, he was not able to either.
Said there is no excuse for making those kind of comments.
But here's another piece of that statement.
I am in the process of understanding where those vicious words came from during that drunk in display.
And I'm asking the Jewish community whom I have personally offended you helped me on my journey through recovery again.
Hey, Mal, Castle Hoyes, baby.
How few hours?
We already got rampant and the simmaticism all over the world before they started killing all the people in Lebanon.
And now we got that on top of it is Israel's bringing grief and suras to other Jews all around the rest of the world who aren't in the baby killing business.
And now this will eventually start opening a big stupid mouth.
By the way, do you know that the Jews killed Jesus?
Yeah, that's the Bible said.
And cast trust in.
1369.
I don't know if we're going to make it or not to 1400.
That would be a real feather in our camp though.
What do you think?
I mean, you know, that's not a number we would ever pick as a goal for the show.
We usually go for a thousand.
Right.
And also, what do we got on my space?
I think we got like 457 something like that on my space.
We have trends.
Pals.
We got that Corvette on there.
I don't like that that much.
457 friends.
That's not bad, I guess.
Do you like the Godfather thing better?
I like that much better.
The Vets, I don't know, it's not a good background period for getting about what it was on.
I just don't like it.
What was wrong with it before?
Doesn't just look like a filthy.
He felt why?
He felt why?
I got in this way.
I don't care how many Corvettes he puts on or he'd drive in mine.
Especially now.
But our wife and her was two kids.
Only he has a very attractive wife.
Yes he does.
1371 votes on the pool.
What would be the last thing you'd watch on TV?
Oh, we need to make that 1400 real bad.
Oh, well, would that be?
Would that be something?
That would be great.
Oh, Gibson, apologize to everyone in the Jewish community.
Well, let me tell you, I don't accept him.
You bastard.
You lunatic, you maniac, you crazy person.
Religious program, 260.
Now, was that something?
That was an afterthought.
I totally that put that on his morning.
We did put that on there till like 830.
266.
Thank God for our heat and crowd.
You know, it takes somebody with a,
not necessarily a certain brains, but balls.
Take somebody with balls to resist all the brainwashing and bullcrap that were
inundated with all the time.
Hey, that brother.
Yeah.
Under God.
Uh-huh.
Religious program, 266, Fox News 254, right on their ass.
People playing cards like poker, like a World Series of Poker.
One eight, and he five.
Oh, what can you say?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
For sixteen and CNN only this is Neil Roger, of this is 5.62.8L
CONF자가 countless day and fifteen of abody
We're going to throw both ends of issues and wrap the shake in something's existence.
We'll make a lead about the problem of our inner benign, or a nine-poly.
77, Nazis Strip. 77, Nazis Strip. 77, Nazis Strip.
We're destroying these annoying, or missing up like hot-fit oil.
We're going to have the annoying hot-towards. We'll never see eye to eye.
77, Nazis Strip. 77, Nazis Strip. 77, Nazis Strip.
145 at 560 WQM. This thing is flown by today. Man, old man, it was almost done.
And it's been good.
The Nano hasn't been good. It's been great. If I do say so myself.
The name Masterful Show by the old Master, man. 13,94 votes. 13,95.
Oh my, plus tax. It'll do it. Oh, we got the 14 hundred licked easy. 13,96.
They're put in by the ones. Now, we got 14 hundred votes during the show today.
We had a good head start, but even so.
I'll take the poll. Two-ten.
Well, I keep trying to tell you how to do that.
I don't even know what I want to poll.
You don't care when he gets to 1,000. He didn't get 100.
Just to fake your way through it. That's it.
Let's see. This is Mel Gibson's father, Holocaust Exhibition.
This is an older article, but this is worth going back and revisiting.
In fact, I even printed one out. I'm not going to read it from two years ago, March 11, 2004,
from the nation, Catholic, the protocols of Mel Gibson.
His old family's assorted nuts.
Yeah. Well, it's nothing like assorted nuts.
Most people are probably aware of it right now. It says that Mel Gibson's father, Hutton Gibson,
is an anti-Semite and a Holocaust denier.
But just in case there were people who had questions or doubts,
he has done us all a favor by giving an interview with a New York radio talk show,
Steve Führerstein, in which he makes his position clear.
Australia's the age newspaper reports,
and his interview on WSNR's Radio Speak Your Peace, Hutton Gibson argued that many European Jews
counted as death camp victims of the Nazi regime had, in fact,
fled the countries like Australia and the US.
It's all, maybe not all, fiction, but most of it is.
He said adding that the gas chambers in cream atrariat camps like Auschwitz
would not have been capable of exterminating so many people.
Do you know what it takes to your rid of a dead body?
It's a criminal, it's a criminal, it takes a leader of petrol in 20 minutes.
Now, six million of them, the Germans didn't have the gas to do it.
That's why they lost the war.
During his lengthy radio interview,
where Hutton Gibson 85 said Jews were out to create one-world religion and one-world government,
and outlined a conspiracy theory involving Jewish bankers, the US Federal Reserve,
and the Vatican among others. They don't come more Jewish than the Vatican.
They're after one-world religion and one-world government Hutton Gibson said to read you in a view
that'll error this is from the New York Post.
That's why they've attacked the Catholic Church so strongly to ultimately take control over it by their doctrine.
They claimed that there were 6.2 million in Poland before the war.
They claimed that after the war there were 200,000.
Therefore, he must have killed 6 million of them, he said.
They simply got up and left. They were all over the Bronx and Brooklyn and Sydney, Australia, and Los Angeles.
He said the Germans didn't have enough gas to cremate 6 million people,
and that the concentration camps were just work camps.
Oh, those must have been work corpses that they found after the war.
Gibson repeatedly smeared prominent Jews as money-grubbing power-mongers.
Green Span tells us what to do.
Some of which would take them out and hang them, he said.
He's even, he even be little, the Pope's reported endorsement of the Passion,
recounting how male refer to the pontiff as an ass.
Gibson reserved most of his vitriol for Judaism asking,
is the Jews to like the way anti-Christian he is for by being a Jew, he's anti-everybody else.
In the interview of his own with Peggy Noonan, Mel Gibson has reported as having said,
that my dad taught me my faith, and I believe what he taught me.
The man never lied to me in his life.
I wonder if Hutton Gibson has repeated the above statements to his son, Mel,
and therefore, if Mel believes him.
He certainly has never said publicly that his father is mistaken about the Holocaust and the Jews.
I can understand a man not wanting to publicly say that his father is well a jerk,
but these statements are rather extreme and do merit a response.
And we're still waiting, Mel. We're still waiting for that response.
The great nuts don't fall far from the cereal box. Let me tell you that right now.
1403 out here like that. Excellent.
And in case you missed this earlier, the ABC television network has pulled the miniseries
about the Holocaust it was developing. Oh, about the Holocaust. I wasn't even aware of that.
Yeah, I thought you knew.
Oh, what better experts to do a miniseries about the Holocaust, somebody who along with his father,
and I said it never happened.
I understood he had a passion for it.
A passion for dead Jews.
The ABC TV network has pulled the miniseries about the Holocaust it was developing
with Mel Gibson's production company, the Wall Street Journal reports today,
quoting an unidentified representative for the network.
The actor holds strong conservative, Catholic, religious, and political views
and whose father is a Holocaust denier, apologized over the weekend.
The incident has raised questions about the future of projects that Gibson and his icon
Productions Company are working on, like the ABC television miniseries based on a memoir
about a Dutch Jew during WW2. Well, he sure obsessed with Jews, any?
Partly.
An ABC representative told the paper without elaborating it's been two years and never
still hasn't seen a script, so the project has been pulled.
A spokesman for ABC, which is owned by Disney, couldn't be reached for comment.
Disney's movie studio, Arm, still plans to release Gibson's self-finance.
My Enlanguage movie, Apocalypse, December 8th, is at Manion. Hollywood Straight Paper is reported.
The website, Slate.com, quoted Disney Studios' prison, Oran Aviva, saying,
he accepted Gibson's apology. Well, the rest of us don't.
Problem and dread. Okay? Speaking of religious, good religionists, I love this story.
From Friday, to talk about this priest, which was, in Bridgeport, Connecticut?
No.
How they spent a few bucks that weren't his?
Oh.
A priest who resigned from a church in an affluent Connecticut community,
missed spent up to $1.4 million in parishioner donations to leave a life of luxury
with another man, according to a church-directed investigation.
How do you like that?
You're fairy.
The Reverend Michael Jude Fay, rhymes with gay, spent church money on limousines,
stayed at top hotels, jewelry, and sat in clothing for the condominium shared with the other man,
auditors hired by the ICs found.
About half the money he spent was kept in the secret bank account,
according to the report, which was mailed Friday to 1700 personers of the Gary and Church
and obtained the advance by the A&P. That's Connecticut.
Bridgeport Bishop William Lory, who ordered the investigation by Deloitte Financial Advisory Services,
city was shocked and angered by the findings.
The report also was sent to federal authorities.
The amount of money that was misused is tremendous, Lory said.
I think this report, other things we found, shows a real betrayal of trust and abuse of power.
Messages seeking comment were left Friday with phase attorney, James Wade,
Fay, rhymes with gay, 55 hasn't commented since he resigned in May from St. John,
Roman Catholic Church, and I made accusations by private investigator they had missed spent church money.
Only $1.4 million, and he's got to support his boyfriend, right?
Right. For Christ's sake, I'm sorry.
I'll play expensive boyfriends.
Right. That's in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
So why do you people keep bringing your money and putting it into play to support all this factory?
You just keep it going, baby. They love it. They love it.
They love it. They like crazy. Don't they?
Yeah, they love your children too.
Right, oh yeah. A lot.
See when they come in handy.
1407 votes are on a pool of mine. Goodness, this is a shocking development.
You know, it's almost enough to make me want to come back Thursday.
Although we don't have a ballgame on Thursday until like nighttime,
I think I can handle it because then I'm off on vacation.
What is it?
But you know, when you're, huh?
I said, what a scam.
When you work in this tough schedule, boy, you've got to take a lot of occasions.
And let me say it again, starting in January, I don't know if the powers that be remembered this,
but seven weeks next year, not just six.
Plus the summer schedule, plus, you know, all major holidays.
And the Jewish holidays too now, we have to show some solidarity.
That's right.
Not with Israel, but just with people that take off on Jewish holidays, even to go in.
All president Boehmatshe Park's Bethesda Naval Hospital.
I guess they just, they just, they, uh, his yearly checkup to lobotomy.
And they said they couldn't find anything.
Brian Fogarty, do I have time for this? It's short.
Okay.
I guess I got, well, how long is that break? Not even two minutes, is it? All plenty of time.
And many apples start to be in Brian Fogarty, right?
He's a sociology professor at the colleges, St. Catherine's and St. Paul, Minnesota,
an author of War, Peace and the Social Order.
What we can learn from 20s Germany.
Imagine the situation your country has had a military step back in a war
that was supposed to be over after a few months of shock and awe.
Because of that war, it's lost the goodwill and prestige of much of the international community.
The national debt is grown to stagger in size.
Citizens complained bitterly about the government, especially the legislative branch for being a bunch of do-nothings,
working solely for themselves or for special interest groups.
In fact, the political scene is pretty much lost at center.
Moderates are attacked by all sizes.
The political discourse becomes a clamor of increasingly extreme positions.
It seems there are election campaigns going on all the time, and they're increasingly vicious.
The politicians just want to argue about moral issues, sexuality, decadent art,
the crumbling family and the like, while pragmatic matters of governance seem neglected.
Sound familiar? That society was Germany of the 20s, the ill-fated Vimar Republic.
But it also describes more and more the political climate in America today.
Germans were worried about the future of their country.
They suffered from all sorts of terror, as assassinations, coup attempts, and crime-pulled their society apart.
The left blamed the right, the right blamed the left, and the political center simply dried up.
To get themselves out of the mess Germans might have demanded government that carefully mended fences
with its allies and enemies, one that judiciously hammered out compromise them on various political parties and saw the middle path.
But we know that didn't happen.
And Germany of the 20s is in now the 21st century America.
Appeals to reason and prudence were no way to give votes in times of crisis.
Much more effective were appeals to the anger and fear of the German people.
A politician could attract more votes by criticizing the government than by praising it.
And a vicious negative campaign was usually more effective than a clean one.
And I don't have time to read this whole article, because we got to do the break.
Well, it's on our website, though.
Should I read the last paragraph?
Okay.
He said, we Americans have had our flights from democracy, the intramarious Japanese Americans, the WW2, the Red Skier, the McCarthy Arrow Watergate.
But we've always pulled back from the break and returned to normal.
The time is coming for us to pull back from the break again.
This must happen before the government gets so strong that can completely demonize opposition, gain complete control of the media, and develop dossiers on all its citizens.
By then it will be too late and will have ourselves to blame.
This is Neil Rogers.
Such a movie is 5.62.8.
Don't die.
As a sunshine.
All a hot and steamy Cuban days on terrorists are there to stay down and get mad.
So great, Blanket.
Because if there's one thing that makes him mad, it's a lecrouson, his body is mad, telling him it won't happen.
I will go red, but don't you know we're having time.
Ignoring the Geneva Convention.
But when we shift the dogs on them you should see their face.
Right, don't you have to let's time be.
If not we're serving P.A.X.P.
If you'd rather all be sent, we sure could use those things.
As a C5 lane.
A We're the payload for the volcano dude, let's make him do very good.
You can get more.
Tell him that it's not Abu Gauvin Red.
And of summer cries.
But it is not.
Bye bye bye!
