So the Marlins of one one in a row they don't knock it not are they starting to make a move 62
99 you know to tend his life by the spread of that big heat game. Yeah, right that stiff competition
62 99 it means they were like maybe 3000 people there. Yeah exactly well got to start somewhere
They're nine and 22 man. What a record that is. Oh, I see Kansas City won again last night
They beat Cleveland. I think 10 to 8 so the Marlins continue being right down there at the rock
Rock bottom. Well, don't throw pitches tonight and we'll have it for you right here. Oh, yeah right here on QA
Right after the Joseph Gacchee show between 4 and 6 30 Josie filling in for a vacationing mad dog and Josie follows
That I
Look what's the point? What's the use you know? What's the use the same thing?
You realize it's the middle of May
The middle of May they give
They give Mo his walking papers on the 13th of January. Let's see February March April it's four months later and they're still
But a beep but a boop but about been out there still can't figure out which side is up this great new regime
So you know what I'm doing. I just take the money to the bank. Yep
Take the money to Woodbond have a nice winning day like I had yesterday
Not another one of those marathons man. I was home by 815 just about five hours good machine
Mon when you sit down you put in a hundred bucks and you hit it three times and here comes a spin for four hundred and you're playing with
Their money all day and then he hit a thousand at the end you're doing just fine. Yeah, that's the best
I like that playing with their money the whole time. Yep. That was a pleasant surprise. They had a good machine
Mon. Yeah, I went early I was betting the Belmont card yesterday
Yeah, and one early and played with their money only I managed to squander their money. Oh, that's why I left
I wasn't gonna do that. I wasn't gonna give it back once that thousand came up on the line
I thought to myself why I know this machine's gonna pay some nice jackpots now
But you know what factor was one of the regulars there waiting for a machine is pretty busy
I said I'm cash now you want this knee sat right down
I said good luck here and I ran out of there that's the way to do it just take their money and run don't let him catch it
I'll catch you with a butterfly in it anyway
I checked on it's the date for the beginning of the slots. Oh happy day the Edwin Hawkins singers
I can hear him right now all happy day and it is July but well July is not a date July is a month last time
But what isn't going to happen is you know they haven't built the casino yet or whatever what they haven't built the facilities
What are they waiting for like I read a story that pop it all is gonna build this lavish facility right well
No, they've scaled it back now because the fat ass governor and legislature of you know made it so much more difficult for them
The limited number of machines to 1500 yep 1500's not bad because my first start going to woodbine was 1500 and that was
There's plenty there's plenty action there. I mean now it's I think more like 1800's something but you see what they're doing at all stream how about your
Parts see what they got permission at gallstream to build condos a hotel houses and that's what they're doing at woodbine movie
The air is like and I'm not too happy about that because if they do that and build a big hotel
It means it's gonna be a lot more pain in the ass people inside the casino and that much harder to get a machine
It also means if the traffic around Alvin Thur is gonna be on the little oh that's a piece of cake man
You kidding me that's easy in that area right if you got a helicopter way do you get all that in there?
Yeah, no, we'll be allowed anybody under the age of 100 or is the you have to have like a debt certificate to get to move in I
Think I think you have to sign a thing promising that you'll die within six months or living that area
Well, how in the old Alvin Thur is different. Yeah, same well
Alvin Thur is gonna has a lot of young people. I'm sure you just got more money. Yep true
Calambeels got more
You it's all old and even trees got plenty of juice. No shortage. No shortage juice in an adventurer
In fact, that's where your general man there wanted me to come to adventurer to the mall there and sign those CDs, you know
And you know, I told him I said no chance. It's serious. Quit being a clown. Quit joking around
Well, the mall they're building a golf team is supposed to be the same size as sawgrass
Yeah, but anybody big any real stores in there is gonna be like sawgrass
You know, I don't even know what's that song. I'm good at well
I'm gonna say it again from the back of my previous house not the one I'm in now
But I was able to see them building the sawgrass mall when I lived in that house
Yeah, and and to this day, I mean maybe I've been there 15 times all the years that it was there been there
I still don't know what the attraction is
It's the number two tourist attraction in the state behind Disney World and I have no idea why any even people
Don't speak English people come from Brazil. They go to the sawgrass to do what to get lost to the purple parrot inference
The dumb ass dolphin entrance. I don't get it and of course keep in mind
It also in July and what starts in July which you kind of like forgotten about. I'm sure speaking of the sawgrass
There's only any events at the Macarena you park in a sawgrass lot
You got to pay to get out to walk on to the a lot. Yeah walk on a Wayne's property or the counties whoever's property
It is you got to pay to get in there just to walk out of the property
Yeah, to try to coerce you to try to force you to use their expensive overpriced parking with no drainage by the way
And I forget one of the first the first Panther games at the Macarena and it rained like hell during the game and after
There was no drainage. There was one of the things they forgot about when they built that place
And so you walked out and everybody had their their pants up to their knees was like waiting to your car was quite an experience
Well, that's what they were saying think earthwim think earthwim
Yeah, that's what they were all saying think earthwim all you know the Panthers
How about those savers, huh? I know you don't care
But boy that was really something man that was some game the savers are for real they're on fire
They're gonna kick out it was that so it goes to show you whether it's that frog Jack Martin or whether it's a
B.M. The spokesman does make any difference auto whistle has that playoff choking complex man
They're gagging and choking they tied it up latent and off the one over time. That was that was exciting
And then Edmonton won triple overtime last night pretty good playoff stuff going on that you're not interested because you're all wound up with
That crap. I know that South Florida man. They don't care. They're not into the hockey stuff
Which is what all the more reason they shouldn't have a team if their team was into it. They'd be into it
Yeah, but that's fake anybody can do that. Yeah, and it's like the heat thing now
That's all BS if the heat had the same record as the Panthers and weren't making the a playoff server
You're gonna be anybody well in three years if they would be up there schmoozing around and of course
Once they lose once he rolls up his icy sleeve and is all done that'd be there to that whole deal
Well the two years that they had that they weren't in a playoff
So nobody went to the heat games well the one who just said yeah
Anybody can jump on a bad wagon just like that you're when the Panthers went to the finals
I mean well what kind of talented that require all these Jackasses throwing their rats and they're all running around with their flags on the car
They wouldn't know a Panther of a bit of money ass. How they can phone me below me
There's just some markets that aren't sports the area isn't that's one of them other than the dolphins
There is nothing else that has like a real following nothing
University Miami does no for what football. Yeah, yeah
That's only after they would start with an national championship
Some of the game against Notre Dame at 18,000 and now when they play one of those girls schools
And he orange bull is still only about 30 40,000 what kind of a following is that now they have a
Any here when they play Florida somebody well, you know big name team and they packed the place otherwise
It's like thousands you can go bowling in that place
You can also take a leak in there if they had a tea room, but they don't but what are horror?
Well, when are they gonna like bomb that place and do something sensible and in fact a proof of the pudding whether you've mentioned
Hurricanes they kept screaming. Oh, if we just have an on campus facility for the basketball team
Yes, they built the on campus facility. They still don't draw flies. They don't drop flies and of course you and I both know
I know better knew to have it on their baseball games. Yeah, throw them to the after all the marines. Well, so does you know
So does some good restaurants, but the fact is that when I was doing the you and baseball most of those people weren't students
So having it on campus has got nothing to do with anything
Most of the people that go to the sporting events aren't students
I mean well first of all how many students go to you and
But third man, that's it. There is no campus. There's no student bodies. It's just a few buildings there
That's all yep, they're empty says an airs out for so
University of no such and Chris says down to Shalately, you know who don't have balls or at least if he does you don't want us to tell about it
There's one of the most embarrassing things I ever lived through in my life
It's just amazing talk about Bush Lee. Well, that's disgusting
We don't want to be associated with those billboards and the meantime the fan here in Toronto whether billboards all been saying for like three four years
Now all those all those four stations use that we've got all the same line you see everything
That's right air be like sitting at the same billboards for all the sports channels. We got balls big deal
Oh, that's disgusting and I know I don't a Shalately would think it was disgusting to them sure
She's got a pair big pair phony bitch. I'd like to get her in joy suit up together. Maybe they could alope
Yeah, I think that's a match made in heaven. Maybe they could like run off with the dick Chinese daughter with Mary Cheney
See that story she said that John Kerry is a son of a bitch and at John Edwards is a slime ball
You see that he did see that yeah, that's Mary Cheney of course, uh daddy and his
A part of my right they're okay the universal afraid you know what you know what she's like the gun out of his hand
I would say to George before the show she reminds me if Hitler would have had a daughter a Jewish daughter
That's what Mary Cheney reminds me of total sellout bitch
I have to check with even see if she had any oh look at this now
Who the who down just facts just this well? I've asked it. Well, where did this come from?
Off our facts machine. How come they don't tell us worth the
What the readers choices here?
This is a bit of a cut off you have to look it up because the new times a broward and Palm Beach they picked some
Haitian from waves some they always pick some oddball and then the readers picked me and then the best sportscaster
They picked out of them of their nose and then the readers pick my dog. This is this must be the day one best sportscaster Mike
English W. I would do Miami heat what that's what they're picking in new times new times picked that yes that guy
Is as bad a play-by-play announcer as I've ever heard and any similar unlike his TV counterpart the anxious Eric Reed
I'm just they stole that word for me. I'm just readers choice your rose best AM radio personality Dan LaBaster
They don't bother they don't bother putting readers choice in there. I can't imagine who that might have been
Dan LaBaster says yeah, he's annoying
Yeah, his hero columns are often infuriatingly inconsistent self contradictory and smug
But he hums the most entertaining talk radio show in town part of the reason is that it's only half a sports talk show
LaBaster and the straight man John Stugot's weener the state general manager mad the best store at sports guests at any local show at
One point Cheryl Owens had a weekly spot LaBaster'd often interviews national stars, but they all also spread a good deal of time on delightful nonsense
Oh
This is for instance Marlon's president David Samson. Well, they always do this to be infuriating
They always pick the most ridiculous choices like that
Nerd from the Haitian station the best AM for they always do that
But then they usually put the listener choice at the bottom and this one they didn't bother putting
So why do you thanks this to me just to be irritating is that it? Yes. Oh, well, thank you
Confused your I who cares about new times anyway. I wouldn't wipe my ass with that
Anything that's a handout a freebie, you know, of course. You think anybody would pay to buy that no
So Mike English is the worst play but is even worse than Dave Ann boring
He's bad. I'm telling everything every time I he never gives you the score
Yeah, I mean he's doing a sporting event or he never tells you
What the score is he never all he does is complain about the officiating
He's the biggest gloom master. I've ever heard of that really if they're winning by 20 points and and the league
It's cut to 15 he starts for you know projecting a loss. I mean he's just
So much harder than they did the first two games. Well, look at that nothing to be fine with another one by Carolina
Look at that boy. It's just things you just go in so well those NHL playoffs, which I know you're really on top of that thing
That's Buffalo business man. Go Sabers. I'm gonna. I'm driving down a Hershey. How way to Buffalo?
And you know who I'm real happy for is Lindy rough the coach. He's a good guy. Yes, big fan of my show by the way
He's for my assistant for this man here. Yep. Good guy and he's gone through a real tough time
His daughter got some kind of a brain thing by I guess he's gonna be okay
But he's had a really rough year a great guy and a good coach
There's one they let get away while it put all those loser are a suitor guys in there
You know in the Murray's the Murray boys the spokesman and his brother
Well, you talk about a mismanaged organization. Wow that thing has been just a mess. Although I'm glad Alan Cohen is into horses
Now I'm glad you caught up with him at the track when you throw jica over the rail up there in the press box throw him over there
To Alan Cohen just had to send him another three grand
Boy, that it's just amazing. They just never stopped sending in for money for two and the ticket prices have gone way up
I don't know if you're aware of that cancer ticket bread. Yeah, like my tickets are like 70 bucks a piece now
These to be 60 another like 70 some odd like seven grand for two season
I'm I didn't think I'm playing how much you think the playoff ticket is for the heat
How much? 100 bucks way off 15 1 for 200 way off
300 well 245. Oh
Well, I think I think that there's a thousand dollar seats for the playoffs at the air Canada Center
Of course, he's the raptors of Lisa playing any playoffs, but nevertheless the platinum seats while the plastic idiots sit
Well, you got your tickets anyway, man. You got your season tickets. I'm sure for the heat. Yeah. Yeah, I just put him with somebody
Yeah, yeah, wow who you just put him with oh
Now he loaned some of those ICC leaves to put on driven again. I have any stress. No, he just I don't know
Don't let a code of your head check. I guess you already did his head is bigger than most people
I know his head is bigger than your ass and that that now that's saying a lot you know that that's really
He's a big man is he's huge. Yep gigantic. What was that with him and Kobe kissing and making up and all I saw that a couple weeks ago
Was that all about? It's I know that happened last December
No last week again. I told their wives had babies on the side of it. Oh that's what it was
Yeah, six minutes apart or somewhere like that and of course they're all wondering like when the DNA tests are coming in
Who's the real daddy? Who's your daddy? Of course there are a lot of people think Kobe may be the daddy
But that's another story. That's why we respect him so much. Well listen. It's already time for my third break
So but I like it. I don't care what they say about this. I like it kill some good time. Yeah, Bob
What are you laughing about now listen? Don't be given the money back when you get off to a good start today
You get a few a couple thousand and they're just rabbit and go off and have a sandwich good idea
Yeah, just don't give it back. That's why ran out of there man
I saw that thousand come up and I just just come and pay me and here's the machine
I cashed out whatever I had in there and just ran ran out the dough
I was a good day today in my towel head cab driver said all of they're always glad to see me man
Because they know it's a good fear. Oh boy. They're happy to see me. I was carried they love me
And that's he has proportional how far you live and how much the camp here is that's how much they like it
Well, it's gonna have a great day. I knew we sure be tuned in to because we got some special
Insighting of that heat win last night in the Marlon victory
And I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Bye
These expressed on the previous program
10-15 already a holy moly right now. It's almost time to go home
It's staffs advertising. Jesus paid Christ
I'm gonna have what you're gonna need
That's a sharp and keep on
I had a chip in pay
One day she flew away
To Tio on a well-known
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Little
Ai
All
Don't
Anybody
My
You should take your hand gently say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old
You should take it if you wanna
That's how seeing with Tio wanna, no wanna go
But gotta see if you're Tio wanna go
Oh!
That's 17 already, holy cow, this first half has always gone away from us already, hasn't it?
Yep.
Just about.
Are you co-herended and do you like drop something beside there?
Right here, I just wasn't expecting that pause.
Expecting what?
What?
We don't have time for a pause.
If you're a cigar smoker and you like to kick back with a good premium brand and
Bahia's cigars by Tony Borhani is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, processed, aged up to 10 years.
Bahia is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find the backer.
Bahia gold flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, fission out of cigar, insider.
And 9.1 by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced full body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark
roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors.
Also be sure to try, they're vehed to say oh, the hottest release cigar in the U at last
10 months gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, fission out of cigar, insider.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper that finishes long and full
body with additional spice and a note of charred wood.
For a South Florida tobacco nist near by you just log on to their website, bahia cigars.com
or make that toll free call 1-800-35 bahia.
That's 1-800-35 BAHI.
A.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it is?
This is 5.69 AF.
Excuse us.
Tell us how the technical are eras they're operating rear.
We already heard.
For the flagship station.
Now, boarden ever, Gellby Gell-C.
Bullying on 5.60 WQAF.
Your Gellby intensive Gellby Gell-C.
Gellby station.
I got this.
I got this.
Wait a minute, how does that make it wait?
I got this.
I got this.
I got this.
And I might just give them a while.
I got to keep you up.
I hooked the way real radio people do.
What are you watching over there?
Is Rappen's baby noob somewhere else saying yes?
That ought to be a blast.
Let's move on to more important matters, shall we?
Yes, and the sweat people of his groin.
Are we going to go out here?
Mind more, Billy, tell.
Hello, Steven.
Steven, I'm under table.
I love baseball.
My wife and I are down here, dirty years.
We moved from Benchon Heist.
And we always loved baseball.
Yes.
And we love everything about you.
You do.
Your voice.
You're eloquent demeanor.
You're soft, soft skin.
The way you travel when I kiss the nape of your neck.
Well, I did it.
You want free tickets, don't you?
And I wonder what.
I don't know what that is, but I'll try to find one for you.
Can you deliver that personally?
Sure, why not?
You're a nice kid, man.
Can you cook?
Do you?
Yeah, I'm talking to the rest.
My seafood's the best in town.
You can prepare a meal for me after you with a tail, my darling.
Okay.
You're a nice man.
That's right, I'm a nice man.
You're a nice man.
You're a nice man.
You're a nice man.
You're a nice man.
You're a nice man.
You're a nice man.
Oh, can I speak public?
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak.
Yeah, I can speak.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
That we speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, I can speak public.
It's the catch Ultimate.
I mean, it is the catchmesan.
Yeah, I can speak public.
Yeah, she is the catchłam.
Yeah, I can speak public.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
I'm set to go and get back in town.
Why do you leave me?
I've got a whole new school old boot.
I know everything that's going on in tattoos.
Why I even know all the new Maja rules.
I've been to the gym.
That is all rules.
You imagine going to ask everybody.
If the set is here when I take you place.
I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You get a pool of these to the boys.
I'm going to the gym.
I think a lot of people are wondering when Gildey's good
have become a ridgeline. Okay. There's a gilded horses one that's got no balls.
A ridgeline is a horse with one descended testicle. Really? Yes. See you just
learned something. It's not even a clock yet. Now we learned a little piece of
trivia there for when you're a good on jeopardy. Now Sean our pool man has a
sense of pulse. Couple of pretty good ones in here too. A couple of one stiff one.
But anyway he says is there any chance the high bad holding period with
thinking of the other day was Milton May? Well, no. No. We stand New Zealand. And
there've been several others but he was certainly the most famous and most
prominent and you said that really strange batting stance and hold the
battle like a corkscrew way up there in the area. When we were kids we used to
impersonate his batting style holding the bat up high till the arms were almost
straight up he says he was no Dave Ricketts. But he was okay. And then he's got
some horrible thing on here about Steve Blas and his wife getting I don't know
what that's all about. And I'm not reading it okay Sean. So cut the crap. He
just woke up one day and he couldn't find a plate no more you know Steve
Blas. I'm sure Georgia members Steve Blas. Who? With the 71 pirates. 1469 votes
on the pool. The main reason he listened to the Elijah show is I thought
they were gonna say because it's so a hippen young and the younger one
hippen right then anything else. So for yeah cool and hip and young. You know
let me say this to you I know the back should must have he's got all the people
on the in the newspaper circuit you know it's not gonna fit him. And that's
fine but like I said before Joel you can't talk your way into it you can't write
articles that either got it or you don't and you look at that last book and
remember Joel Feinberg said the ratings don't lie. Oh my god. Wow those numbers
I wouldn't wish them on if a brown just unbelievably bad. Dan Danny Boy and
Stugas. What do you got? It's not much but they continue what they're talking
they're talking again they're not playing the game they're just talking it like
if you probably if you talk to some of the Marlins are undefeated so far they're
like 31 and 0 instead of 9 and 22 but they're not doing it. Anybody can talk
of the game. Hey we were number one what a best we got the best station in
town. Yeah we're number one and pigbies under the age of six. Everybody's got
some story except Joel. He don't have much of any story except he likes looking
at the mirror and he likes to use and daddy's money a lot and it'd be more
happy to tell you about it. Big compass ass with a big fat ego. The main reason
you listen to Neil Raju show is to your Neil Rantner Ray 590 and I sure
of them do a little bit now. Ranting and raving. Remember that song? Ranting and
raving. Who did that? Dusty Springfield I think. Okay. Remember that? Dan. No.
Dan. Yeah you remember the song. Dan. Dan. Dan. Dan. Dan.
Remember the original. I remember this parody song. I'm not talking about any
parody. I'm talking about the original song. Wishing and hoping. Wishing and hoping.
Very good. I say in New Vegas. There it is. Just giving a little time. Just
strong. Dusty Springfield who's almost as
bushes and murray but Dan. She died. Okay it's enough. She died. She was okay. She was like.
Yeah I tell you who was good with Jackie De Shannon. What? Yeah. We're
remember Jackie De Shannon? I don't know what she looked like. We need to watch one of those hits
of the 70s of infomercials again. Never seen Jackie De Shannon.
They did. Of the there she is. And a medley of her big smash.
Apparently she had another one. Yeah she did have another one. I just can't
think of what it is. I'm too much too lazy to reach for that book. What was it?
They missed it.
What is it? It's a little up in your heart. Yeah I got it.
Yeah okay. For a few laughs they listen 316. Not big belly laughs but it's
suckle. Not the big belly laughs like you get on the Daniel LeBasthus stugatio. That's where you
save your big heavy. Like that. Here's the bedtime stories 129. To hear the truth 116.
You'll hear the truth on issue from. That's right even if it hurts.
Even if we tell you that we got a lot of people on the ironistation that don't belong. Who the hell are we to talk
about across the street. We got so much crap on the iron man.
This and since the new regime came in we're loaded with that. Oh god that's our middle name WKRP.
A lot of people thought it was in Cincinnati. It's not. It's right there on a corner 441 and 242nd.
Crap. And speaking of that we got Geltie at 2 in Josie at 4 in the Marlins. I mean what
what better conclameration of non broadcasts not ready for prime time stuff that you think of.
Of course we got a 0.5 between the afternoon right in the middle of the day. It just
just amazes me. I can't stop thinking about that. Can you? It's a new one. It's a new one for me.
I've never worked on a radio station anywhere 30 years in this town. 30.
But 30 man. How many of you can count that high? And never come close to a station that had a
zero point anything in the middle of the day. That is something else. Nice going Joe.
Well he said that you know they could never they could never do any worse than when Moe was on
air. Surprise. To hear the 216 you hear Neil Rift the Collars 101. WDQYM hello.
I'm a warm one. There you go. You idiot. There you go. Was that good?
Driven the call? Oh yeah. Mr. Ego with us. Fake a hate call seminars when he had no show totally
unprepared as usual. Well he's busy at the baseball card store. For the comedy bit 79,
tear the call is only 48. 3.3. 2% listening to hear the call. The call is suck.
That's another reason I like to cross over. I'd rather talk to Hank than most of these idiots on the
phone when you agree with that. Oh no question. Here the call is only 48 and then I have no life.
He's got 47 with no life. At least 47 would admit it. And I hate this pool only 35. In other words
they like to pull a lot. That's unusual because this is kind of a surly crowd and a very very picky
no matter what the pool is. That is Paul sucks. We don't we don't like it. We don't want it. We don't
want it. Anyway here's today's pool. We'll care what you're liking it out. It's a little bit
different than I don't think they understand it but that's okay. 705 votes already. We'll make
that thousand again. I think Josh's bonus is a not in jeopardy today anyway. We'll easily make
the thousand. All right. If your parents didn't indoctrinate you what religion will you have chosen?
Now I'm sure that a lot of people are going to just vote for whatever they are anyway.
Oh yeah well I got the right one so I would have paid some other ones. That's the one I would have
right. There you go. Agnostic 180, atheist 156. That's our hidden crowd and I'm very proud of that.
People who just don't take me just because somebody fed him a pack of lies about the two
ferry and about Sandy Clause and God and Jesus and Moses and Cyberham Solomon. You know people
in the common sense to say that sounds like a bunch of cock out of me. I hate this kind of 136.
Buddhism 82. I see that's I don't understand that. I guess they like to hear that. It's a nice
religion. It's more benign. Right. Catholic 48 which is certainly much more malignant. Jewish 46
because they like the deli. Born again Christian 23 you never did put all you did put on.
Scientology 14 which is a way of saying gay. Uh huh. Closet cases. Generic Christian 6. Generic
like Lutheran, Presbyterian, Southern Baptist, Methodist, whatever you have. All of you can do
this all day. Sick. We got six people are sick. Islam sick. Seven days. Six people want to be sick.
Seven they will just keep listening. Seven they have had us to and Mormon to a salamete do set
a seven and twelve votes. And you notice this 20 before them were all caught up. This is what I do.
I think we're going to ask this is five six.
One of them can.
New York.
After a hard day of restoring Republican integrity to the White House a man needs to relax.
No. On Brent Wilts owner of Shirley's and limousine company. At least that's one of the
eight W's. The official transport company for the CIA and recipient of the coveted homeland
land security achievement. We understand that after servicing lobbyists by posing as a
patriotic moralist you can use a little servicing yourself. Let our luxury limos bring you to your
choice of the Western grand or the famous Watergate Hotel for a friendly gay mystery of poker.
To be found would buy good Christian hookers approved and rigorously tested by Ann Bolton.
So to reach a wild and a lot of climax and say good got ordered got all dusty fogo for
throwing to limo today. One eight hundred. Hey everybody let's rate America really good.
And so calling sure. It sounded like something we know was in the middle all that didn't it?
I heard that. Anyway here's today's pool just to print it up this story by Don Hason. Who
although I looked at that first I thought it said Hagen does that was to show where my brain is at.
That he's got an editor of alternate. Okay. Okay. Good.
Tight. Steven Coolbear new American hero but I got to say that for my tell from my radio
stories. Got some radio crap. Oh new bliss found in the Diabol of the voting system.
Oh I think it made that. Well the selections you got to be kidding me. Oh we already did
today's pool. Okay sorry. I'm getting so far ahead of myself and it's because that timing thing.
During one of his recent tirades about XM satellite radio's opian Anthony show Howard
Stirring says he was offered a major deal to go back on terrestrial radio without any
substantiating evidence other than Stirring's word the mainstream press and may trade jump to
gun with reports that he's contemplating a comeback to terrestrial radio. Well guess what?
He's not. In case you haven't noticed there's a PR war going on between multiple parties
Stern versus terrestrial radio terrestrial radio versus satellite radio
Stern versus CBS radio and Stern versus opian Anthony. In this battle Stern and master
grabbing headlines managed to put himself in the news once again. The trades were a little smarter
than they're reporting but like Lemmings the mainstream press rushed to report Stern was coming
back to terrestrial radio. Affleade or post-exteriors major deal comment and suggested an offer was
likely made by Citadel broadcasting. But the post noted the connection between Stern and
Citadel by pointing out that Citadel CEO Farid Suleiman used to work with Stern at infinity.
What these reports failed to connect was that Stern's not a fan of Suleiman and constantly
line-basedly Citadel executive and derives his ethnicity. Also Citadel is one of the first
companies to start messing with Stern's terrestrial show after his announcement that he'd be taking
this program to serious. In December 2004 Citadel stations initially started cutting off Stern's
programming at 10 a.m. before dropping Stern altogether shortly afterward and on top of that
Suleiman cut a deal with opian Anthony who is the person of their ex-sem satellite radio program
on WAQF Syracuse after dumping Stern entirely. Meanwhile Suleiman is a fan of opian Anthony.
He tried to hire the duo after they were dumped by CBS radio and before they ended up at ex-sem
and he called in their program just yesterday to discuss a possible deal with the duo to bring
them to some Citadel outlets one room would be in Providence. So unless Suleiman's
ties to Stern and Mel Terms are stronger than his pride the idea of this deal they offered by
Citadel makes no sense. So that begs the question what other companies in position to make this deal.
Oh wait a little bit. This is amusing. Clear Channel certainly has the station power but the
move would be a PR disaster for the company that was the first to start to move to eliminate
how it's turned from a PR Estero radio as airways. CBS radio is in a position but obviously that
isn't going to happen given the status to the relationship of the company's executives and the
reason opian Anthony deal. Plus the coin to what Stern has said on this program CBS radio chairman
and CEO Joel Hollander reportedly asked Stern for the type of deal he eventually covered opian Anthony
but Stern turned it down. Here's the part I want you to distract yourself in for a real tight
right? Strap down it. Beyond Citadel, Fair Channel and CBS Radio, a few of the other radio
corporations could come close to giving Stern the type of coverage that opian Anthony got in their
deal. Emma's good but that would mean cannibalizing the efforts with man cow. Greater media,
Entercom Cox, Beasley. Bonavell and Cumulus also fall short. Oh boy this you're right about that.
Beasley fall short. That's what Joyce said. Still short. After repeatedly saying he's done 10
years of subpar radio, oh sure we can use oligree on that. Why would Stern even for one moment
kind of play putting an inferior show together from a serious program to air on the medium that he
despises so much? Simple answer. He isn't and yesterday morning was quick to put an end to all
the speculation, frantically trying to get someone from the press on the phone to put out a statement
that he was not coming back to terrestrial radio. I'm very flattered terrestrial radio can't let go of
me. He said that I would throw up if I had to go back. I'm never going back with the message
he finally got out. The story is I wouldn't do terrestrial radio for any reason not for money. I
left because I couldn't stand the censorship. I couldn't stand the FCC. I've never been happier.
We're flying high and doing great. He said. Back at the opian Anthony program after hearing the
statement that suggested went out that Stern was forced by Carmes and to make it since Sirius
stock took a hit yesterday and the duo have also suggested the idea of a major deal they made
the Stern is an outright lie and challenged him to name the company that made it. Actually they
challenged him to name the companies as Stern stated yesterday he's got three offers to return
to terrestrial radio and now that he's stated I wouldn't do it for any reason what would be the
harmin saying which three companies made the offer. After all Stern would get more coverage
out of it since the press would scramble to verify and report which three companies made the offer.
I guess it was an offer he could refuse if it was made. Whether or not the offers were made
Stern has vehemently said he is not returning to terrestrial radio but opian Anthony has said
that the re-relishing the perceived effect it's had on Stern. He says it doesn't bother him but
he certainly has been mentioning them much more than he used to and whether he likes it or not
XM has far more subscribers meaning opian Anthony talked more people every day and by daily and
via CBS radio. And also now I'll speak to the listeners that have failed to follow him to Sirius.
As for Stern you can only preach to the convertor or manipulate the press and helping him reach
non-subscribers of satellite radio which he does that so well. If he broadcasts even half as well as
he manipulates the press and gets hyped he'd be the greatest broadcast in history.
Oh here you go. Your home is witnesses. Alright. They don't fit in any other niche.
Right.
So I can see everyone peeking at me from behind the drapes this time.
I'm sitting home watching TV. Enjoying the peace and quiet I really need.
But I know that it won't last forever if the doorbell has to ring.
And that that Jehovah's Witness, the things they want to save me. They say what I say to me.
After I have a triple run on your neck.
Two days I will drag your hand to sand my floor.
Shower way.
Welcome.
If you still want to visit after I drag your ass away.
I'll kill in the press.
I'll come to your house and I'll not kill I'm doing the face.
So don't you come up knocking because I'll be waiting behind my old oak tree.
Oh we're knocking on your door to give you the bad news and the bad news is you're going straight
to hell if you don't read the the watch tower.
That's right.
All the gecks keys all the time.
Knock on on your door.
If I need the moments it's just the Jehovah's Witness.
Let's get that on her right away.
Jehovah's Witness.
We got to know it would want to be one of them.
But I just love to do excuse to go knocking on doors.
Maybe if somebody good is in there you can like you know, worm your way in.
Oh yeah can I like to give you that a good old time religion.
755 oh Stagnastic and atheist kicking ass on this nice shame on you.
I think I'm going to go start I'm coming down to Florida.
I'm going to go around and everywhere knocking on door saying, uh here's the bad one
to give you the bad news you're going to burn in hell.
Okay that's not very original.
No.
What is this now?
What is this on R&R?
Howard Stern returns to direct your radio.
It was only a ten minute visit to the old hood in the midst of Howard
returns to the restaurant.
The room is flying around.
He did make one quick visit this morning yesterday morning when he called into the
WIQ Field off the morning show as the first guest of his friend Booker.
His former running buddy, I'd WIQ rock mework which is now free FN.
I'm not saying.
Well when is enough enough already?
You know when when is enough?
Never.
Now speaking of radio we got a lot of radio news today and for those who still own one.
Star aka Troy Terrain of the syndicated Star and Buck Wild Morning Show which
Josh seems to be a big fan of that show.
No it's probably the worst piece of terror I've ever heard.
Well you don't have to worry about hearing it no more.
Has been fired at it due to controversial statements he made on the year
about a rival DJ in the New York market.
In a statement released it says Thursday afternoon but this is today.
Well I guess it's not out yet but radio and records already is on their website.
Power 105 founds recent March broadcast by Troy Terrain of the Star and Buck Wild Morning show
to be wholly unacceptable.
They're unacceptable on the whole.
As the late this afternoon he is no longer with pod.
I this had to be Wednesday not Thursday.
Today is Thursday and please tell me it's Friday.
I'll be very happy.
Oh I wish not.
As of now he's no longer with Power 105.
One or clear channel radio we sincerely apologize to those who may have been offended by
the March they said.
According to a cheap channel they are exposed person Joseph Apagnozzi.
What?
Apagnozzi.
What if he's kind to Jose Pagano?
He used to play for the pirate short stuff.
The rest of the star and Buck Wild Morning team are on suspension
until further investigation takes place.
On Monday Terrain who's been exchanging verbal insults on air with DJ Envy of
Cross Town MSCHR WHT Hot 97 made several threatening and
sexually charged remarks about Envy's young daughter.
According to sources a listener from Plain and the University Councilman who they
call cheap channel radio president and CEO John Hogan demanding star is this missile.
The star and Buck Wild Morning show syndicated by Premier Radio and
Jefferson markets including Philadelphia Hartford Miami 103.5 won't hear that no more.
Augusta Joja Memphis Austin Albany Albany Georgia that is not Albany New York.
Emeryllo Texas Richmond Virginia Savannah Joja.
As of now Premier has told Affiliates the show is suspended indefinitely.
Statement is responsible for putting in their own programming when the show doesn't
air calls for comments as stars manager Wyatt Cheeks were unreturned to press time.
White cheeks?
No not white cheeks.
Pink cheeks.
Wyatt as in wider.
I bet your cheeks are burning right now and other is a client star.
Got fired at it.
Making some grotesque comments.
Hey like that.
Well there's first a call or two as we go along but I'm not all that big on it today.
QAM hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Gotta go plug in.
Yeah okay.
We'll talk about.
See there you go that's two for two.
Yeah am I thinking about the causes becoming increasingly like yours.
Well always has been but just more and more so.
Oh you know I've been in denial a long time too.
Waste of time.
Waste of my very valuable time.
They're paying me a lot of money and if these people think that they're amusing
entertaining interesting you got another thought coming.
Most of your calls I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Osama Yamama even mullabolo Omar.
How do you like that?
Or Al Zarkawi or Al Goldstein or Al Rosen or Al Sunshine.
Still waving in a hammock.
Aren't you ale man?
Are you a silly person?
Steven Paul very new American hero but we can't get to that.
So after we do the break I don't want to start getting behind again.
But today let's start doing like run all these breaks back to back side by each like
Alan Burke used to do rest in peace.
Yeah he was in the right mood he would like take all
you know he just ramble on and run on there you know and the other thing he used to do.
He was a good guy though and then he would like back up all the spots till the end of the hour
like about you know 14 minutes of spots.
But the Dean he's in a big broadcast studio in the sky.
Do you believe that?
He's somewhere.
No he's in a box.
1057 at 560 WQM.
Hey once again everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump they're pinching it.
The good folks at Valamatrix 1-800 mattress want to help you just a little bit through this ordeal.
Valamatrix is offering you a free tank of gas.
Here's how it works.
You simply take the full amount of any gas receipt off your next mattress purchase up to 10%
the purchase price.
In other words spend 35 bucks of the gas pump take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks or more.
Spend 50 bucks at the pump take 50 bucks off any purchase of $500 or more.
You need your gas receipt to save money.
Why drive all over town wasting that expensive gas?
Getting worked up into a sweat and schmitzing your brains out.
Skip them all in furniture stores and so-called giants in the mattress business.
Do the smart things sit right there on your fat ugly ass and call 1-800 mattress right now and save a ton of cash.
As always you'll choose the date and time you're delivered when it's convenient for you.
You pick the two hour window seven days a week from 8 and AM till 10 pm and they show up when you call our
girlfriend's a dollar mattress.
And also when you call 1-800 mattress so choose in the areas largest inventory
a brand name fantastic mattresses all the names you know and heard and love and covered.
Like Celia and Soda Simmons King Coral Temperaturgy Sterne's have been
and is fostered but that sounds really good bananas fostered you know.
In fact maybe bananas split sounds really.
Call 1-800 mattress right now we're logged on to mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES
leave off the last as because it stands for Sabers.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.16-Q-A-M.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Good day, good day, good day.
This is your money.
Good day, good day, good day.
Any questions?
Some radio stations give you money.
Some radio stations give you car but this radio station is different because
this radio station is going to give you a eternal life.
That's right.
We'll grant you eternal life.
And three days spending cash to get you started.
Here's what you do.
Be listening this weekend and will you hear this sound?
Be the tender color.
We will register you for your chance to live forever.
Be eternal life.
And next Friday morning we'll draw the name of a one lucky person who will risk us off
for what eternal life.
So be listening here to the radio station where life goes on.
And on and on.
It's 11.15.60 WQ-A-M.
So Don Hason of alternate rights, Stephen Pullbert, no American hero.
Well you're going to read a lot of those bedtime stories today.
Yes, I am.
They're having a big stink in Congress now about this NSA thing about this phone
called database.
I'm going to argue again about that.
Stinking Congress is right.
Yeah, they're having a big stink in Congress.
The stink in Congress is doing it.
How many votes we got?
I just want to make damn sure I keep my eye on that.
Keep your eye on the balls.
775.
Piece of cake for the thousand when you agree?
Absolutely.
No sweatscan.
Absolutely.
Oh, well I can't believe he was at the Watergate Hotel in the middle of all that
ordeal.
I'm Congresswoman, I'm Fuzis.
Wow.
He sure gets around.
Don't don't don't.
Virtually overnight, Stephen Pullbert has became a hero to call us Americans following his
April 30th performance of the White House Response Association dinner.
April what?
But third man.
Since then, millions of people have either watched the video.
Oh, yeah, what we ought to do?
What should we do?
How come we don't have the link to that on our website?
We can.
Because even in the story, you can watch it.
Whereas in this video, we just click on it and it's got the link.
We need to do that.
Be now.
Get with Eric and get Tom to get on it.
All right.
Or read the transcript of a scurrying of both the president and the press corps and have
discussed it abnormally.
Tens of thousands of people have gone to the website.
Thank you, StephenColbert.com and written letters of appreciation.
Talk about WaterColbert chatter.
This event crashed internet servers across the land.
It truly was one of those moments of media shock and delight.
And then an odd but revealing thing happened.
Some of the chattering class commentators, mainstream media writers and calmists and democratic
officials didn't get it.
Not very funny.
Rude.
Not respectful of the president and so on.
Are they kidding?
How could they not understand that they were witnessing one of the bravest, most subversive
performances in memory which thrilled and gave hope to one total of viewers and readers
and it'll be a huge marker when people look back on the Bush era.
Colbert's speech had a huge impact for two reasons.
First, he spoke truth to the power right to the face of the president
in front of the entire news media.
No one could misside stepper denied.
It wasn't a scene from a movie book or talk show.
It was live.
It reminded me of Edward Armero's famous address to the radio and television news directors
association recently depicted the film Good Night and Good Luck.
It gave me goosebumps.
Colbert's performance shamed every democratic communist who's been too afraid, too timid
or just too worried about losing his or her own power and access.
He walked on a limb and tell the truth that this administration is a disaster beyond our
wildest nightmares.
Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Roe have gotten away with murder and worse.
And many of the people in that room that night who squirmed in their seats, it was in part
because of the internal indictment they were failing for not doing what they should have done
countless times long before.
Maybe now they will do the right thing but I won't be holding my breath.
The second reason Colbert made such a huge splash is the rapid advance of video on the web.
Almost overnight the media world has irreverably changed as video is increasingly becoming as
important as print and still images on the web.
When in a matter of hours dozens of websites can post a link to a video and get the word out
about a spectacular event, the role of the gatekeepers in the corporate media shrinks big time.
And it doesn't matter if the network's association or Fox decides they don't want you to see it,
they can't stop it.
The people's network is now in working order.
Progressives now have a television capacity still rudimentary for absolute powerfully affected.
We've been telling me what's on there already.
Oh we're doing it there.
Okay we're doing it now.
See it now and do it now.
I think a lot of our audience are doing it now.
The press coverage of the Colbert performance was illuminating as reported by the popular
blog Democratic Underground.
Expect nothing less from the cowardly American media.
This demonstrates powerfully the ability of the media to choose the news and it decide when
and how to shield bush from negative publicity.
Sins of omission can be just as bad as Sins of co-mission.
The AP's first stab added as well as Reuters and Chicago Tribune tell us everything we need to know.
In these reports Colbert's performance is sidesteped and marginalized while President Bush
has depicted his lighthearted humble and witty.
Salon's Joan Lost points out Colbert's deadly performance did more than reveal with devastating
clarity how Bush's well-oraled myth machine works.
It exposed the mainstream press's pathetic collusion with administration that it's treated
that has treated it and the truth with contempt from the moment it took office.
Intimidated, coddled, fearful of violating propriety, the press call that for years
dutifully repeated Bush talking points was stunned and horrified when someone did reveal that
the media emperor had no clothes.
Colbert refused to play his dutiful toothless part of the White House correspondent's dinner
and then says she was backsliping ritual that should be retired.
For that he had to be marginalized.
Voila, he wasn't funny.
I'm the Democratic political front is John Irvotis wrote on America blog.
House minority Wimp with Stenhoi, your Democratic Merlin, actually stepped up to defend President
Bush saying, quote, the Hill, I thought some of it was funny but I think he got a little rough.
He is the president of the West and deserve some respect.
I'm certainly not an offender of the administration who I reassured stunned observers but
Colbert crossed the line with many jokes that were bad taste he said.
Criticizing Colbert for being rude would be pretty funny for what's so depressing.
Rude, since what has politics in this administration used the Marquis of Queensborough rules,
is Dick Cheney sweet and accommodating when in their march to power has the right wing had good
manners about abortion or gay marriage or in the push for invading Iraq?
Sure, mentioned decorum in one thing's immediately of Carl Roe of Pat Robertson calling for
the assassination of Hugo Chavez of Jerry Falwell, blame America's bad morals for 9-11.
The fact is Steven Colbert is that they act me of rising independent voices in the blogosphere
on the internet and publishing an independent filmmaking who are being aggressive and playing
hard while the way the right does and guess what? The establishment's getting nervous.
The powers that be known to people respond to passion, anger and resistance, the emotions
that convey meaning and seriousness and the well-fied hard for important issues.
In a smaller way but showing similar guts, Cindy she and spoke the truth by traveling to Texas
and demanding that the president explain to you just what noble cause or son died for.
Ray McCover did it recently when he publicly challenged secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld in
Atlanta and so did Harry Taylor, the man who confronted George W. Bush at a time meeting in North
Carolina. Perhaps the most important lesson we've learned from the divisions laid
there by Steven Colbert is that the base split isn't so much between Democrats and Republicans
or between the media and the people in events they cover but rather between the powerful and the
angry between those basking in power and those fighting for change. The kiss-ass media,
the revolving door congressman, the sick of anti-Lobius and congressional staffers,
the greedy media consultants all are dependent on and addicted to the trappings of power.
Whether it's their next book TV appearance, consulting contract,
write a nerf force one or drunk it to play golf at St Andrews.
Steven Colbert turned up to heat on all of them. Let's review the rules here's how it works.
The president makes the decisions. He's the decider. The press secretary announces those decisions
and new people. The press tack those decisions down as is what Colbert said.
Make an ounce check. Just put them through a spell check and go home. Get to know your family again.
Make love to your wife. Write that novelty out kicking around in your head. You know the one
about the intrepid Washington reporter with the courage to stand up to the administration? You know
fiction. It's getting hotter in the kitchen. Some of those who have the most to hide are getting
closer to a meltdown since Don Hason. That's pretty damn good stuff. You know what? Good art.
You go Don, you go Stevie Boy, you go Cindy and Bush, you go straight to hell.
And if there were such a place or there were such a thing, he always Coney's will be on the way
right now. Well, I would like to take us there. 2429 dead Americans, thousands and thousands of
dead other rackies and Brits and who knows how many else? How many? How many? How many? How many?
Times they go down the pole so far. Your parents didn't indoctrinate you if they didn't lie to you
in brainwash you and take away your brain because they want to perpetuate. You know, they want to be
good soldiers in the army of whatever crap they were believing. What religion would you have chosen?
Agnostic 196. That's the safe way to do it. Eightiest 176. I mean, the whole god concept is just
so damn stupid. It's just a, oh, there's some big guy with a long beard up there up in the sky.
It's a bird. It's a plane. It's a god. I think it was where the gestures had a lab coat.
I think he's the most test of fields. I got a bad cough like standard major. I hate this
pull 154. Well, see there you go. That's because you can't handle the truth. Oh,
verdict is a trial of that priest accused of murdering the non-just-damn. Let's go to
Carolin. Here's Carolin. I like Carolin. The defense, rather the prosecution was saying
get it right, Carolin. It's their mother and Paul with stabbed 31. Yeah. Well, we want to know
the verdict. You don't want to hear the whole read has to the case. I mean, on a Roman Catholic priest,
we're going to go to Keith Oppenheim straight to Cervino. Look at him. Just look at him.
He's guilty. He probably also molested a bunch of kids too.
15 minutes from now, Carol Dugvertic will be ready.
Okay. We'll keep her on that. We're going to have 50 minutes to Pachki around here.
Okay. Waiting for. Look at him. Can you tell he's guilty right there?
Well, I'm not looking. Well, why not? What are you watching?
Is something kind of a newbie flick or something? What I can find. Yeah.
No, you're not. I got him on here, though. I'm on my cable. I know you.
It's lots and lots of them. I got Playboy TV on here. But no, I just can't.
Derek Kagan takes you out of the puke. She's not on the screen right now.
I know. Oh, look at that dummy. I hate this. Oh, yeah. Look at the dummy of the Nights.
Oh, yeah. Look at that. She's actually got a. Yes, he does.
No. I wonder if it talks like Hopers.
He's probably looking talk. I hate this full 154 Buddhism 94. How do you like that?
They like them purple outfits. Or maybe they just want to be in a purple haze without Jimmy Hendrix.
Jewish 53 strictly for the deli mind. You end of course for those nice outfits too,
that the orthodoxy is where and the long beards and the past and that sits is who don't like some good
sitzs. Catholic 52. So you can have all of that guilt. Oh, you rather have Jewish guilt or
Catholic or we've done that pull. Born again Christian 24. Now that's too big on that. Too many ways to
go to hell with that. Scientology 15. I can say to you 15 voters is you ferry.
Uh, generic Christian 14 Islam 7. They're waiting for them seven virgins. The Vestal virgins. Can you
tell me what is a Vestal Virgin? Oh, you really wanted them? Do you turn a wider shade of pale when
you find a Vestal Virgin? Yes. Yes, I really do want to know what that is. Well, the, uh,
priestesses of the goddess Hestia. The priestesses? Right. Or the Vestal Vestal virgins. That was their
alter for some reason. Oh, Scientology 16. Generic Christian 14. This generic cleaned old gory.
Islam 7. Sick. We got six sick listeners. They're the callers. Seventh day Adventist 3.
Mormon 2. Enjoy his witnesses. Solomon Tehulino 807 already. But if those are pouring in here,
even though they don't like the pool of Krunda. I've written some odd people. Anyone who wants to hear
Rick Riley's voice can tune in 940 around 6 p.m. Just before the goddess. He does a five minute. Oh,
I will never recover from this as long as I live. You'll be okay. Take a drink. This thing that
you just facked me, this is the most, I would say I'm using the most hysterical thing. Yeah,
I have ever seen in my life. Oh, I love the end of that. Let's hear it again.
Anyone who wants to hear Rick Riley's voice can tune in 940 at 6 p.m. just before the goddess.
He does about a five minute stock market analysis. Oh, my God. That is the best.
Is that one of the most phenomenal things you've ever written your line? You know,
it doesn't surprise me at all. It's really what he wanted to do.
We couldn't stop him from talking about the stock market. No, he can actually get paid to do that.
Sure as a big career boost for him. I'll say that 1113 at 560 WQM. Who doesn't love boating,
man? Get out there in the water. Maybe having a couple of brews or a couple of dozen or just getting
baked, you know, getting working up a good tumor on your skin. That's a given in South Florida.
Everybody wants to be out there in the water, but buying a boat boy, it cost you an armored
leg and it's got a lot of headaches too. Instead of doing that, call tubnotico to do this
marketing and rent one by calling 1-800-Bolt rent right now. Why pay all the expenses of boat
ownership when you can rent one totally hassle free? Join the club at tubnotico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
You'll be amazed at just how easy it is. No docking costs, no expense above keep no
insurance, no hurricane preparation. With the boat from clubnotico, it's totally stress-free and
affordable too. This is for smart people. Call 1-800-Bolt rent, no getting the boat ready because
clubnotico does it for you. When you go, then you're all set to go. No cleaning up either. At clubnotico,
just hop on your boat and go. When you're all done having a good time, just pull back into the
dock and get off and run away. Leave it all behind for them to take care of. And they do. It's
that simple. Clubnotico, 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go. Small boats all
the way up to yard charters and everything in between. They'll do it for you and do it right.
It's clubnotico, call 1-800-Bolt rent and let clubnotico's head or plan to fit your needs
and your budget. Get on the water today. The smart, the less expensive they hassle free,
way with clubnotico, 1-800-Bolt rent is the number to call. This is new Roger. This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
My winner doesn't whistle. Who would you vote for? I was on the other guy's ballot. What other guy?
The Republican guy. Oh no, man. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry today. I want to break. Which one did you vote for?
I'm not going to get into it, Chad. You'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way. Yeah.
That hoody freak?
Which one? This is specific. What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue, Paul.
The guy from CNN? Ted Turner, yes. Oh, man. You voted for Pupianin? I voted for Ted Turner.
Dude, what if you send the police right into my pad? Why don't you give them my phone number
and then it's red? Chad, and let them come over. Then kill me.
Man, you're going to elect the thought police.
Chad, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary, okay? I didn't have a chance to vote
for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. What? My pal Rick voted for a
Nazi. I knew this would be. I didn't vote for a Nazi. Oh, yeah. It's 11-18. See, there's a guy who
was really a right-wing redneck and always a person is a hipster. That's what bugged me about him
or anything else. He just wasn't what he appeared to be. 822 votes on a pool. We might actually squeeze
a collar to win the star if they ever light up again. I think they're a little bit discouraged now
because of my hostile view toward the whole. You know what really frosted my ass worst? The
very worst about talk show calls and people that handle them is the ones and that's why we haven't
used names of colors on here for years on this. I hate that. Right. Because it's the same people.
And you know we already know it's the same people by hearing the sounds that they make. But
when they actually have to tag a name on them, let me see more of this. Other than of course
Reverend Schwartz. Oh, although with us, I think that back as we got Prozac Ron and we got that
and so we do know the names, you know. But I'm talking about the ones that want to make
celebrities. Oh, here's what's that one dark, complex guy that calls all the sports shows? What's
his name Josh? No, I'm talking about. I know the guy who calls Hank all the time. Oh, my god.
Is that it? Yeah. I believe I'm always extremely big on that. Now, only not him. A lot of them.
Here's Tommy and Pepper Pie. Who the hell cares about Tommy? What time is his show on? You know,
school that. God, that just drives me up the wall. People will want to make chronic regular. It's
just like how they make him a talk show host like John Broward, whose real name was Jewel's Adler. He
was Catholic, but he thought they because name was Jewel's Adler. People would think it was Jewish.
So he changed it to Mr. Broward, John Broward. Like that. That's kind of like Dwight Lauderdale,
you know, kind of a phony name is that better. Fully. Deputy Q.A.M. Hello. I'm your favorite
com. Okay. Only once once a week, Schmuck. Deputy Q.A.M. Hello. So we got three calls. He's two of them.
Q.A.M. Hey, how you doing? This could be a real call now. Could be the first one of the day. Yes, sir.
I just wanted to comment on the sports talk. I listen to sports talk a lot, but I cannot listen
a damn levitator in his sight. Take Ed McMahon. Yeah. Those guys sound like two teenage girls at a
slumber party. Uh-huh. It's like I say, uh, levitator's voice is not made for radio and the
stasis are made for TV. So you know what he should be doing. Right. What do you think? Okay. Thanks,
pal. Yeah. They got too many non broadcasts. And then they get all excited about these people.
They're just too many non-blogcasts, man, because they either write a sports column or because
they played the game or some stupid thing like that. Everybody's on blog cast and out, including a
lot of these horrible voices. Like when he martes in the course, the, uh, totally bland. Oh, he's
on for this afternoon. Nice job there, Claire. You got to line up here, man. Even a mother could hate.
Even the mothers and these people on the air could hate him. Oh, God. Now don't see. Look at that.
There's a whole I'm I don't have time for all these silly ass calls. Oh, that guy was very good, though.
I seen a vast amount of SPI. I've heard him on here. He, uh, remember when he was like, uh, you know,
recording that show in the studio there while we were on the air. You know, he did the Ricky Williams show.
Yeah. Horrible. Just awful. A non-blogcaster, just another one. And that's why this business sucks.
That's why this business has become a piece of turd. Radio used to be for like professional broadcasters.
Now it's for anybody who can like sit in front of a microphone. Just like after every sporting event,
we got to have the press conference and we got everybody's got a microphone shoved in their face.
Well, I thought that we played pretty well and our intensity was really good. Oh, God. Give me a break.
See, the the era of 24 or seven news and sports coverage. That's what we've come to now. You know,
everybody's got a microphone shoved in front of their puts. Everybody's a blogcaster.
The National Security Agency has been secretly collecting the phone call records of tens of
millions of Americans using data provided by AT&T, Verizon and Bell South. People in
direct knowledge of the range of the told USA today and everybody has whipped up into a frenzy about
this. And of course, guess who was in charge of this whole thing? I give up General Michael Hayden,
the native and the director of the CIA. Well, we can trust him that yeah, my totally looks like
Colonel Clank. The NSA, and that's where he belongs in the Clank. The NSA program reaches into
homes and businesses across the nation by messing information about the calls of ordinary Americans.
Most of them aren't suspected of any crime. We're not talking about terrorists. We're not talking
about phone calls between people calling from Azerbaijan and the Afghanistan. We're talking about
the just schmucks like all of you and us. This program doesn't involve the NSA listening to a
recording conversation. It says, but this bi-agency is using the data to analyze calling patterns
and an opportunity to detect terrorist activity sources said in separate interviews.
Right. It is the largest database ever assembled in the world said one person who like the
others who agreed to talk about the NSA activities declined to be identified by name or affiliation
because they value their life. The agency's goal is to create a database of every call ever made
with the nation's borders this person added. Can I read that again? Yeah, that's pretty sure.
The agency, are you showing? Not anymore. The agency's goal is to create a database of every call ever made
with the nation's borders this person added. Just like the one once to this show. I hope they
keep track of those and they come and knock your door down and kick your ass. For the customers of
these companies, it means that the government has detailed records of calls they made across town
or across the country to family members, co-workers, business contracts, prostitutes, anybody and
whoever they're going to have it is. Radio talk shows. The three telecommunications companies
are working under contract with the NSA which launched the program in 2001 shortly after
nine other times. Programming's aimed at identifying and tracking suspected terrorists
or of course anybody who don't like George Bush. The sources will talk only under a guarantee
of anonymity because the NSA program is secret and like I said because they value their lives
and their lives of their families and anybody they ever talk to. Air Force general Michael Hayden
nominated Monday by President Bush to become the director of the CIA headed the NSA from March
99th April 2005. In that post Hayden would have overseen the agency's domestic call tracking program,
he declined to comment about the program. He's mum. He ain't even saying but a beep but he's
just ain't saying nothing. I think they're one but a beep. The NSA's domestic program is described
by sources as far more expansive than the White House's acknowledged last year, Bush said he had
authorized the NSA to e-drop without warrants or on international calls and international emails
of people suspected of having links to terrorists when one part of the communication is in the USA.
Warrants have also not been using the NSA's efforts to create a national call database. They just
do whatever they want. Like the Gestapo and defending the previously disclosed program Bush insisted
that the NSA was focused exclusively on international calls. In other words Bush explained one under
communication must be outside the USA but again it turned out to be another lie. Right. As a result
domestic call records those of calls that originate and terminate with the US borders were believed
to be private but sources high ever say that is not the case. With access to records of billions
of domestic calls billions the NSA has gained a secret window under the communications habits of
millions of Americans, customers, names treated, rest of the other person information are not being
handed over as part of the NSA's domestic program but the phone numbers the NSA collects can easily
be cross-checked without a database to get that information. Don Webber, a senior spokesman of the
NSA to kind of discuss the agency's operations. Given the nature of the work we do it would be
irresponsible to comment on actual or lives operation issues. He said therefore we have no
information to provide. The White House wouldn't discuss the domestic call tracking program either.
There was no domestic surveillance without court approval said Dana Perrino,
Deputy Preb Perrino. I wonder if she's kind of Marty Perrino and the left-handed
borr from Syracuse. She added that all the national intelligence activities undertaken by
the federal government are lawfully outing and she said you believe that and she laughed.
The government is collecting external data on domestic phone calls but is not intercepting
internals in terms of the actual content of the communication. According to a US intelligence
official, of course, Arabi and a couple of weissive can start by a little more,
a little more and more about it. Well, accept the course for the people they don't like.
For anybody who's a registered Democrat, right? For anybody who ever call the talk show and say
I think bad about George W. Dick Cheney. That's right, Bulldog Mary. For anybody who ever
checked the website that you know that's right. Any subversives where they come and you can
call me a pink oliberal website. That's right, like Neil Rogers. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 to
70 km before you know it, it's going to be like 120 degrees in the shade and you're going to
be schmitzing if you don't have good AC. What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
In fact, all year long. How about getting an instant $200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest
air conditioner? The five star edition of the Carrier and Fendinist system. Now you can get it in
South Florida from Royce Air and Heat where they've been taking care of track-hound area families for
three long excruciating generations that knew and stupendous job. As a carrier factor, we
authorized either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by Carrier.
The people who invented air conditioning as early years ago now have invented the Carrier
Infinity System. The Infinity System actually performs a daily diagnostic check and that
adjusts itself to give you maximum efficiency and speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency
on your current air conditioner. Do the smart thing. Join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club.
Here's how that deal works. For our year, they come to your home, they inspect and tune up your
system. If you have any kind of problem with your AC, you'll enjoy property same day service and
they give you a 10% off on A-Need repairs too. All of this for just 110 bucks a year. So whether
you tune the two speed Infinity System of Puron or peace of mind with a comfort club, either way,
make the smart choice, the Royce Choice. Royce Air and Heat column toll free at 1-800-377-0075
and stay cool all year round. Royce Air and Heat 1-800-377-0075.
I'm as mad as hell for a new standard paper anymore.
Oh!
Of course you do need it.
If anybody has a opinion, they're tempting from our way.
Oh, so I love it here.
You pay your name and do the system.
I can't know me how that's done.
You fail.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow undone things.
Are you sure?
Everybody's running fast.
Yes.
I just you say.
That's in the act of history.
No, no.
You're watching all of you.
Everyone does a fascination.
So what?
What do you do?
This is fascination.
And all you might learn.
It was another landation.
That's as you say.
You gotta hate those two.
And Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state run new.
Blood war and forth are red.
Build up your escalaries.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's as you say.
We don't mind you see our cops go.
Our bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by jail.
Welcome.
Don't reach us to be good.
All the hell are in the streets.
Dean, the facts of the arisen way.
Everybody's running fast.
Fast as you say.
26 till noon at 5.60 W.K.
And we got an embarrassing line up today.
We got Geltie at 2.
And if that isn't enough to drive you like screaming
into the streets yelling and carrying on like a maniac.
We got Joseph Gackie for the man of dog is undercation.
Joe Z. at 4 who desk leads a personality transplant.
And then the Marlon Napri game at 6.30.
Marlon's in the Braves again.
It's the rubber game of the series.
I write about that I believe.
That's right.
The rubber game.
Marlon's actually won a game last night.
Mark it down in your fist.
We're going to go for two in a row.
Because the Marlon's head for Pittsburgh for the weekend.
They're trying to go for two in a row.
They won one in a row so far.
Now they're going for two in a row.
That's at 7.05 Game Time.
Be there or be square.
I'm sure that you can probably get normal.
Can't see.
He ain't going.
And Eddie came follows Marlon's baseball.
I'll pay worse than death.
Sing Clare did you make him on it says here?
Who knows where to find a good machine?
Yeah, he says Hinduism.
I don't know why and maybe don't care.
Thank you, Sing Clare.
Who would you have game?
There's a lot of them.
Of course there are.
They're probably the Curry crowd.
And I was the sick crowd or is it the Hindus?
They're both of them.
The Curry crowd.
I guess it's all of them.
Both of them.
The Kid Curry crowd.
Oh, here's somebody asking for a shameless plan.
I'm glad they did because I forgot all about this.
They knew I would.
Now why does it say Neil Young around here?
I think that's a joke.
Signed Neil Young.
Get it?
Or are.
Like I said, I don't think he want to do this.
No, no, maybe he's going to be there.
Yeah, right.
Well, why are you laughing?
He might be there.
He might be.
But I don't think I've done every inquiry.
Row and Debbie Row and Fish Row and Tommy Row.
Really busy and preacher Row.
The Dodger picture preacher of Richard O'Homper, members
of him.
But even chicken echo members preacher Row,
preaching the choir.
Sound magly, huh?
Johnny Cux Bob Grimm.
Anyway, Jessica Johnson and George
Mato are hosting at the Dovel Hotel, 67
of the college Miami Beach tonight at 8 p.m.
or Friday night.
I'm sorry.
Tomorrow night.
Excuse me.
Don't go there tonight unless you want to go there
and get some food.
Tomorrow night 8 p.m.
Sleuth chain second edition is going to be screened.
It's the most provocative non-level documentary
on the market today.
It shows the direct connection between the attacks of 9-11
and the US government.
The government is tapping into millions of phone,
billions of phone calls.
And it's just there.
And look at this.
They're showing that Hayden guy who's stepping down the hall.
There's Diane Feinstein, Kiss and his ass.
She's right down there.
Kissing his tails.
God, I hate that bitch.
It was an Nancy Pelosi.
She's also sucking up.
They must have made some of these people
not for the couldn't lose.
Well, they ought to be.
Anyway, Loose Chained, which if you haven't seen it
on our website, it's everyone's duty to view this film
as what it says with guest speakers, Dylan A. Re and Corey
Row.
Live bands performing before trees, the stop
motion, Jesse Jackson and Morty Beer.
That's not Jesse Jackson, the Ojohn
Prabhakator professional exploiter.
That's the band and Morty Beer.
They'll be donating proceeds to the Darfur Advocacy Fund
and Hurricane Katrina victims.
It doesn't say how much this cost or anything
and the other information.
But it says, spread the word.
And yes, we're serving very soon.
Word.
So I did that again.
That's tomorrow night at the Doveville, 67
of the cows 8 p.m.
Go there and maybe you'll meet some interesting people.
They'll actually have an IQ larger than their thumb,
possible.
We think so.
Elections of officials in several states
are scrambling to understand and limit
that the risk for a dangerous security
who will have found a die-bolt election system makes
ATM like touchscreen voting machines.
They're bad machines, man.
ATM that are bad machines from die-bold.
The hole is considered more worse than the most security
problems discovered on modern voting machines,
such as weak encryption, easily pickable locks
and use of the same weak password nationwide.
Armed with little basic knowledge
of die-bolt voting systems and a standard component available
in any computer store, someone with a minute or,
I'm sorry, with a minute or two of access to a die-bolt
touchscreen could load virtually any software
with a machine and disable it, redistribute votes
or alter its performance in a myriad ways.
I'm going to read that in short sentence again.
Armed with a little basic knowledge of die-bolt voting
systems and a standard component available at any computer
store, someone with a minute or two of access
to die-bolt touchscreen could load virtually any software
into the machine and disable it, redistribute votes
or alter its performance in a myriad of ways.
This sounds like a bad machine man.
Yeah. It sounds like to me.
This one is worse than any others I've ever seen.
It's more fundamental said Doug Jones,
a University of Outer Computer Sciences
and veteran voting system examiner for the state of Iowa.
In the other ones, we've been arguing about the security
on the locks to the front door, Jones said,
now we find that there's no back door.
This is the kind of thing where if the states
don't get out from the hackers, there's a real threat.
This is the, let's see, inside Bay Area newspaper
in the West Coast.
So this newspaper was withholding
somebody's tales of the vulnerability to request
of several election officials and scientists,
partly because exploiting it is so simple,
the tools for doing so are widely available.
How do you like that?
I don't have no fixed elections.
That's just all you paranoid liberals out there.
You're coming, I ride.
Right. That's why the exit polling
was so wrong in 2004.
Right.
And of course, they didn't have that sophistication back
in 2000.
They didn't have the full pledging cooperation
from the president of die-bolt like they did in 2004.
So in 2000, they just had to stop the count
because the count was starting to go real bad in Florida.
And then every single one of the analyses afterward
said, oh yeah, they would have kept counting
or won the election.
And we sit here like, who looked like that?
Wondering who got knocked off American Idol.
Shame on you people, man.
And like I said the other day,
I could play that near the young thing 50 times today.
What's the point?
First, it's a crappy song, but even if it was a good song,
what's the point?
American activists has become an oxymoron.
You know, they, they Steve and Colbert article,
I mentioned a couple of people, Cindy Sheen,
a couple of them.
That's about it.
We need an Edward R. Murrow, baby.
We need to bring him back alive.
Pump some blood back into his cancer laden,
cigar stuff, the cigarette stuff body.
All of them, a faggot he was smoking.
You know, the one thing, I don't know if they did
in the movie because you haven't seen the movie.
But in the bio, and they were showing actual
trips of his TV show, you know, see it now and the other one.
You never saw him without a faggot in his hand.
Right.
The movie you never saw anyone without a faggot in their hand.
Yeah, the smoking was continuous.
I mean, talk about Shane Smoking.
He actually was smoking Shane's.
Somebody, a religion notes were flat,
a flat slide themselves, but I mean, he was smoking them.
The Shane's.
God, what a shame.
We got nobody like that now.
Well, Steve and Colbert, I guess, is the closest to it.
Of course, John Stewart just, you know,
he's kind of a clown when they write good material form.
Which is a lot, but you can't say that.
Okay, I didn't say it.
Pretend I didn't say that.
Maybe like knocking Elvis.
Now, how come they said in 50 minutes
we were getting a verdict on that and where is it?
President Bush, expect to the comment on phone database.
Oh, he's going to lie again here in a few minutes.
The George Bush Daily Show.
Talk about the Daily Show.
He's got his own Daily Show.
It's called Fox and CNN and MSNBC.
Oh, here's the verdict.
Roman Catholic priest accused of killing a nun 26 years ago
in a hospital hospital.
Apparently, a prosecution that saying that the priest
would be angered over her domineering way.
Okay, Archef Oppenheim is there and
I'll tell us more about this case and the verdict
that we're standing by.
The judge is reading it right now.
And just moments we should hide down in just moments we should hear
what the verdict is.
If you ever seen a guilty, I would have told you this.
This trial has lasted for three weeks.
How many often do you have to do with this?
About 30, maybe a nun, 71 year old sister Margaret and Paul
was found dead in a chapel of a Toledo hospital.
And at the time,
Mr. Mary Catholic priest at the hospital, father,
Gerald Robins,
good being so damn separate.
Mr. Hurtick coming in right now.
And I think here we go.
Is this your signature and is this reflect your verdict?
Ms. Palmer, is this your signature and is this reflect your verdict?
Yes.
Mr. Martin, is this your signature and is this reflect your verdict?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, Ms. West.
Come on.
Get him off.
Why are they chopping him off?
Why do you want to perceive a sentencing?
You have no attention.
Okay.
See they missed it.
Anything from counsel?
But obviously guilty because they're talking about perceiving
a sentencing which is guilty.
No, no.
Statue of an effect in 1980 is the same as it is today.
And that is in our guilty code section,
where it was convicted or pleads guilty to murder and violation
of section 90302.
He done it.
He advised code.
She had been imprisoned for an indefinite term.
Of 15 years for life.
The court imposes the life of prisonment
pursuant to that code section.
Mr. Robinson, you have 30 days today's date to appeal.
My decision.
Lies, all right.
There we go.
I sure will meet the same fate and the slimer
as the Reverend Gagon.
Yeah, that would be very bad.
It's 1143 already.
We better get down to brass tax.
Look at a look on his post.
I mean, you know, he done it.
No question.
Yeah.
Hey, finally, a TV experience like no other
Comcast digital cable, the man is easy to use,
has lots to love.
And today you can try it for just $34.99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand?
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies
and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On demand is a library of thousands of programs
ready to start when you want to.
With programming, including free movies, kid shows, music videos,
cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows,
guitar lessons and so much more, you'll always have
something good to watch when you want to be watching it.
And don't forget about control.
With on demand, you can start, stop, pause, rewind,
fast forward programs using that remote.
And you sure can't get all these things with satellite,
no way Jose.
With up to 250 channels plus on demand,
you can build your own TV schedule
who could possibly axe for more.
And best of all, on demand is free with Comcast digital cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder
how you ever managed to get along without it.
Call today order Comcast digital cable
in HBO with the power of on demand for just $34.99
a month for three months.
Invade call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
Neil, this is 5.162 AF.
Fact in the church.
It started out a regular guy who joined the directory.
Welcome.
And maybe ultimate sacrifice and bracing
celebrate see father to amen.
One pulling who know what fun father to alter.
For the same day as time went by, his earthly means compromised
his choice.
He found a way to get released by altering young boys father
to the king.
One pulling who know what fun father to alter.
For the same day as time went by, his earthly means compromised
He got caught by some saddleshells.
Then the Vatican paid everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail.
Father to amen.
You farewell.
One pulling who know what fun father to alter.
For the same day as time went by, his earthly means compromised his choice.
They sent him to a priest retreat where the genu flattened prey.
If it was you or it was made they'd lock us up and throw the keys away.
Father wrote two.
Amen.
Father to amen.
Father to amen.
Father to amen.
Oh yeah the religion of the world, the breeding place for all the hate.
It's 891 posts on a pool.
If your parents didn't deduct any you are religion or you are picked.
What would you have picked?
You're not saying 225.
8th is 191.
He's in back she's all going to rotten hell and we'll be there.
I hate this pool 168.
Buddhism 106 Jewish 59.
That's because of all the great gastronomic delights on all the Jew holidays.
Except of course at the Passover you have to eat that stale matsu.
Even the pacidic candy we can deliver that.
How about some good diver chocolates?
I wonder ask Gary Cerniflet's kosher for Pesach.
That's cool.
Catholic 56.
Born again Christian 25.
generic Christian 19.
Just an ordinary pedestrian.
Goy.
Scientology 17.
Lot of closet cases obviously.
We got eight people who want to be sick.
Islam 8.
Mormon 5.
They want to go door to door.
I'm a little bicycles with a nice clean white shirts and neck ties.
Not bow ties.
That's it.
Sylvia's Tucker Carlson.
What a jackass.
Seventh day Adventist 3.
She always went this one and Hinduism just went on and so far Hinduism has got the big one.
Now probably take one or two of the stars WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
See that wasn't even him.
No that was Gilbert.
That was a fake.
Yeah that was Gilbert.
Oh the other guy is a fake?
Yeah.
Well how can we ever told me that all these years?
I thought you do.
I did not know that.
I thought it was the real one.
That was the real very weak by the way.
Now we like to fake one better.
Oh man.
That's in this particular case.
Inmitation is much greater than the original.
Of course that's not saying much.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey hang on let me turn it down.
Hey I totally agree with you on the Joe Zagaki and what's the name?
Keldie.
Yeah.
With that Ken.
Keldie.
That Ken Molding guy that comes on after you.
Don't be knocking Ken.
Yeah.
Boring.
Okay well I'm glad to hear it.
We love Ken.
And by the way give Joel a fine burger big kiss for us.
Yeah.
Congratulations on his puff piece in Ocean Drive and he's still a jackass.
5.6705 Ken doesn't come on after us.
He just does the updates and he's a wonderful guy and a great human being.
He's got more class in one thing than you'll ever have in your whole pathetic body.
How do you like that?
Schmuck.
5.670560, 0.562, the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQAM not lying.
Hello.
WQAM hello.
Marked down line one got disconnected.
First time.
QAM.
Yeah.
Yeah.
WQAM hello.
I'm waiting to see it Thursday.
Whether the one that's in rehab today.
What he's calling on Thursday QAM hello.
It puts the Ottawa Senators in the WQAM they sure are on the casket QAM hello.
Jesus Christ and doggy style Mary.
I hate you.
WQAM hello.
I'm here to hear some funny things.
WQAM hello.
No.
Yes.
You remember one thing to call it.
Yeah I sure do your voice WQAM hello.
I'm sick.
Okay.
Okay that takes you to that.
See that was your obligatory run run down the list.
Yeah.
And they've all checked in.
They've all checked in.
Duty fully.
White and all checked in.
You'll bring the chat to me and thank you smell like it's different.
Fag and who are you missing?
The gargler.
Missing him.
You miss him?
Next one.
Poison.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
Who knew?
There's no such thing as.
WQAM hello.
WQAM hello.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
I like to be a man.
E-Colk.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
No.
I got a poll for your poll.
Yeah.
I bet you do.
Okay.
Stick it.
Speaking of that, Mary Cheney calls John Kerry a son of a bitch for using gaze for political
game, but she hasn't got a word about George Borscher, dear old dad doing the same.
Welcome to Mary Cheney's million dollar closet.
It's still a bit stuffy and here's a lot of things haven't been totally cleared out.
I got three.
Story.
This is one of the big to-do's now.
I got this one and we got Kerry strikes back and then we got John Edwards who's really boring.
Strike spec by kissing up.
For someone who's been out for a decade, Mary still shows major signs of just coming out
syndrome.
You're fairy.
It is what Jeff Ganon's going through and what many, if not most, gaze go through, especially
conservative ones when they first come to terms with being gay.
They start being publicly gay.
Sometimes they good things, but more often than not, they're internalized homophobia comes
slipping out.
A newbie's coming out experience is usually indicated by one or more of the following utterances.
One, I'm not one of those activists.
In other words, I don't do anything to defend my rights, so be little people who do in order
to make myself feel better.
Two, sure I'm gay, but it's not all I am.
I'm other things, too.
In other words, I'm still a bit embarrassed about who I am in the fact that I'm not an activist.
Three, why can't gay people be more normal like me?
Normal means hiding out in the suburbs.
For I'm not a single voter issue, issue voter.
In other words, I still vote Republican.
The only issue I don't take account when voting is me.
Five, Republicans don't really hate gay people.
They just have to vote the way they do for politics.
In other words, I still vote Republican.
And six, Democrats, sure they vote for gay people, but they're not perfect either.
In other words, I know Republicans track gay's 90% of the time, and the Democrats help
gay's 90% of the time, but I still need to justify why I vote for a party that hates me.
With that in mind, check out what Mary had to say about carrying inwards.
Regardless of what you think of how carrying inwards handled the merrius-gathering during
the rate, its merrius-analysation of the situation that is so telling.
What is it was offensive to me that Kerry was obviously trying to use me in my sexual
orientation for his own political gains, you said?
Of course, the reason Kerry didwards mention Mary's gain is because George Bush decided
to use gay as a, if not, de-politically to show the 2004 elections.
It's one issue.
How did Mary react to Bush using her sexual orientation for his own political gain?
In the interview with Diane Surrey, a chainy set of Bush, I think he's a very good man.
On these issues, he hasn't caught up.
Now you have a much larger window in the Mary's mind and closet.
In her own personal Stockholm syndrome, the gay basures are started to fight our good people
who just haven't caught up yet.
The gay defenders fighting back our sons of bitches, slime, and need to go eff themselves.
Cheney saves her harshest words for his Bush's 2004 opponents calling John Kerry a son
of a bitch and his running mate, John Kerry, was a total slime for discussing her sexual
orientation during national and televised debates during the campaign.
In her interview with Diane Surrey, she said of Bush, that's right, he's a, uh, Cheney
is less generous to Kerry inwards who she accuses of sleazy politics for mentioning she
was gay during debates with Bush and her father.
John Kerry didn't outmeend her to, uh, offender attack me by calling me a lesbian.
It wasn't a secret that I was gay and I certainly wouldn't be offended by the truth, you
right?
So it was offensive with, I was obviously trying to use me in my sexual orientation for
his own political game.
Sitting in the studio audience with Edwards mentioned her sexual orientation.
Cheney said she looked at the vice presidential candidate and mild the words go eff yourself
a praise her father at earlier employed against Democratic center Patrick Leahy.
So fine, good, uh, upstanding emerges.
Aren't they classier what?
Yeah.
They're the best.
1157, a Q.A.M.
Hey, today's Thursday.
There are a lot of you out there haven't even thought about Mother's Day yet.
It's this Sunday.
It's only a couple of days away.
There's still time to make it seem like you put a lot of thought in your gift by sitting
in original from Aunt Teddy Bear.
Sitting a bear gram is so much more personal and fun than flowers and her
Aunt Teddy Bear's last forever.
They're even guaranteed for life while flowers are dead and just a matter of hours.
That's why flowers and hours rhyme.
You didn't know that, didn't you?
Good.
You can only get them by calling a friendly bear counselor 1-800-829 bearers shopping
it for my teddy bear dot com.
Your mom or wife will receive a beautiful bear tailored just for her and delivered
with a free card, gourmet, crumbles and a gift card in a colorful box.
They'll help you tailor a bear just for her like the nurse to teach you the business
woman or gardening bear.
Social know you put some real fun in your gift.
They even have a fun new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be.
And while you're about to check out the new All-American mom dressed in the patriotic
center, she's holding an apple pie and probably use mama's voice out there and be sure
and said the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo on his arm.
And dads don't forget every year it's your job to get the wife to give from the kids
and the mother and cup said is perfect.
At as many cup says needed they'll employ your kids names right in the outfit.
Heber Bear delivered to the office tomorrow searching brag about you to work over because
it works like magic every year.
So call 1-800-829 bear.
It's not too late or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com.
Send a creative alternative to flowers for mothers day this year by calling 1-800-829 bear.
That's 1-800-829 V-E-A-R and be sure and tell them that old silly queen Neil told you
to call.
This is Neil Rogers.
You serve this is 5-16-Q-A-S.
Well, it beat it 12-1-1 on WQ-A-S.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy no ride that I've been keeping around this
today.
All right.
Now it's a classic trigger wheel fixed up the way your brother would like it.
Now it's the key to trying and the dream is cool then it does the machine I got the
candle liquid cherry.
Oh, baby.
Look at the good lot of cherry cherry.
It'd be pretty good.
Oh, baby.
Trying and it'll feel the same.
It's just a bit shit down so I've bounced down the road and I think that is super bad
way.
Now it's the oddest stuff to do deals a day of it around the picture.
The praise.
I got 79 V-O-K-L-E-N-O.
Showed a goodbye now he's my baby candle.
It's gone baby.
Oh, but for another cherry cherry it'd be pretty good.
It's gone baby.
Shiny baby, little baby, little baby.
Go.
The shiny pressure of our seeds comes to smile and gets the dusty, little baby.
Akira is our enemy and we want to know their plans.
Second, the government does not listen to domestic phone calls without court approval.
Third, the intelligence activities I authorized are lawful.
And have been briefed to appropriate members of Congress, both Republican and Democrat.
Fourth, the privacy of ordinary Americans is fiercely protected in all our activities.
We're not mining or trolling through the personal lives of millions of people.
Our efforts are focused on links to Akira and are known as the United States.
If I've been working in the federal government for August 25th, they might want a fair amount of money or rent for sell out.
But so what will happen if I do?
Think about what you've been trying to do instead of just not taking money.
Tell me, if you'd like to buy something, do you want to laugh a million times?
I think, godDad, you'll pay the bill.
Okay, that was pretty much it. He said then they ran stormed off after that your president
the Bozo de Clown. Pretty sad. Oh, not in the Stephen Colbert thing is up there. Nice job,
Eric. Thank you so much. Mochis Grasius right under is it under above Josh's a picture
on air right above right above Josh's picture right above and I'm thinking George since
you got the ability to like play the audio on the ear. Yeah, because I don't have that
ability. If I had the ability I kick out of spending some ass. But why don't we do that?
We got time. Sure. Before we get back to the bull bike Mary Cheney. Do I do it? No.
Right now would be good. I mean, fits right in. We just got her from Bozo. Right. Well,
Bozo, but you know how fast this computer is. Oh, please don't tell me this. It's buffers
right away. You just click on that thing and it buffered our mind and like it's you know,
yeah, and yours. I have a motor. Yeah, spiffy computer. I'm a little HP compact
pavilion. What is the nice computer? That's a size of your thumb. And about 4,000 times
faster than a piece of crap you're working with. There we have 924 votes on the poll. We're
still waiting for George to download it. Download it. I still haven't gone to the page.
Well, why? Tell me under the home page yet. Maybe I'll be able to run you there. Why
to load and get out of here. It's right above Josh. Corn is his picture. Mine is buffering
already. There it is. Playing again. There's Boosh sitting there at that dinner. But that's
stupid five. Look on his push. That's the usual one. And it's Steven Culberg. He's
getting ready to get up. He's got all his go to the podium. Does he know you don't have
that yet? Nope. She is. Is K Christ. What kind of garbage you working with there, man?
Oh, that's right. I forgot his QAM. Well, I should let what's his name? Fix it. Come
up here. And so I could have played it five times already. Yeah. Well, let me know
if that if and when that thing kicks in. Okay. Yeah, it'll light our glasses. It appears
here. Well, that's bad. That is so pathetic. But then again, what do we need this stuff
like that for? And especially when you listen to calls, the great intellectuals we got
out there, I'm sure they're very concerned about Steven Culberg and Claudette Culberg and
all of that stuff and about, you know, what's happening in the world? Because generally
speaking, the masses are asses. Make no mistake about that. Although we don't have the masses,
we just got like the same seven rate call or so. Yeah. At least when you keep it small,
like that doesn't get too complicated. It's like when you have too big of a family. You
know, like 15 kids can't even remember their names. But when you keep it small, that's
something for convenience. Now what's the story? You're still a, you know, from
radio from Google blah, blah, blah. Why? I said, I didn't hear.
I'm a blah, blah, transferring data, transferring data. Transfer my ass. I'll go get a hand
truck. That was good this morning. It's telling Hank that, I said it was bigger than
Hank's ass. And I think he agreed with that. That's a big head. We'd really have to
measure that. Well, right ahead, you first. I'll go get the calipers. Like those big,
now what do they call those things that would, well, you would notice before your time,
when the ice man used to come to the house with the big blocks of ice and they had those
big prongs. What the hell are those things? I think they're ice tongs. Is that what they
were? Oh, I started like from little cubes. Well, I don't know. They were big ice tongs,
big ass ice tongs. Oh, there's Bill Schneider. I wonder what he's going to say. He's going
to say, oh, boy, this is bad. Well, this is definitely going to ratchet up the level
of controversy because it does affect ordinary Americans when the original work is off,
man. In December about the monitoring of international calls, most Americans didn't
feel particularly threatened. The president gave assurances. These were only calls overseas.
There were only communications with suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. And now, ordinary Americans
are really in an effective area, which is some 200 million Americans that the government
has a record of every phone call they may just will make the number they call, not the
content of the conversation. But that to most Americans is going to sound like an invasion
of the Cold War. What is the condition of the Cold War report? Oh, it started playing
the Cold War. No. I hope you're putting my videos in the video, but at least they're
here in the audio. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Before I begin, I've been asked to make an announcement
whoever parked 14 Black Bulletproof SUVs out front, please move them. They're blocking
in 14 other Black Bulletproof SUVs. Many to get out. Wow. Wow. What an honor. The White House
correspondent center to actually sit here at the same table with my hero, George W. Bush,
to be this close to the man. I feel like I'm dreaming. Somebody pinch me. You know what?
I'm a pretty sound sleeper. That may not be enough. Somebody shoot me in the face.
Is he really not here tonight? Damn it. The one guy who could have helped. I'm by the way
before I get started. If anybody needs anything else at their tables, just speak slowly and clearly
into your table numbers. Someone from the NSA will be right over with a cocktail. Yeah. Yeah.
Don't tell me you died. I don't know what it did. Oh, Mark. Wait. Yeah. This ain't going to go over
too well. Like I said, this was not a good idea. You know, the kind of garbage equipment
working with it. I mean, this is this is just embarrassing to me. Humiliating and degrading.
That's our internet collection. It sucks. Yeah. That's QAM for a man. Eight's rate. Everything
we do is a three. That's why we're like, you know, dropping like a rock and our GM is
running around. Hey, everything great. Hey, is he all happy? Ha ha ha. You like me? Ah.
Probably all the sales people downloading porn right now. Wouldn't surprise the hell out
of me. We're going to have our thousand votes by the end of this hour. Pretty close to
$9.39 already. You can just can take a deep breath rest assured. So everybody wants to see
the cold beer thing and also on the video, you know, because it lacks the impact when
you only hit the audio. Right. Because when you see the video, you see the reactions from
other. Yeah. Our face. We're sour. It's doing its activities to spy upon Americans.
If we're unwilling to do this, I'm willing. I'm sure they change going to time to go
after myself again after this. Speaking of that, in response to an article Wednesday, which
Vice President Dick Cheney's lesbian daughter is quoted as calling Senator John Kerry a son
of a bitch from mentioning her sexuality to presidential debates, Kerry's office fired
off this retort to Raw's story. Kerry spokesman David Wade said Mary Cheney had flacked
for the most anti-gay administration in history. Seems like a suspicious lecture from a
political operative who flacked for the most anti-gay administration in history and log
curl roads and divide America for political gain. Wade said she'd be more credible if she
pushed dance administration to support hate crimes legislation and equal rights for gay
Americans. In her new book, Mary Cheney slams Kerry, John Kerry, I already read that.
And the thing about, go after yourself, she was mouthing to poor John Edwards. I like
that. Not nice. Real classy, Dick. Hey, Mary. You're fair. Rhymes with fairy. And third,
but last but not least, after Vice President Cheney's daughter, the former Vice Presidential
candidate, John, was a total slime ball for mentioning her sexuality during the Vice
Presidential debates. Edwards spokesman responded to Ross direct calling the Cheney's
wonderful role models. Ain't he a panic or what? Yeah. Senator Edwards continues to believe,
as he said in the Vice Presidential debate when the issue was raised, that the Cheney's
been wonderful role models for the millions of parents around the country who love their
children unconditionally. Kim Ruby Edwards spokesman for his Watermark Political Action
Committee said the skating comments by Mary Cheney, Dick Cheney's lesbian daughter, were
published in a Canada.com article and caught by Washington, Blogger, John, and Revosis.
According to Canada.com's account of Mary Cheney's book, why that's the same thing all over
going about, go after yourself. I do enjoy reading that though. Because we've just seen
practically, he would have sour look on his face about all this wiretapping of everybody,
all these millions and millions and billions and billions of phone calls. They know who you call.
They didn't hear, as he today, they tell us they didn't, you know, they don't hear the conversation.
Now, a couple of months they'll say, well, every now and then they decide to listen to just
a case they might have missed them, you know. Whenever somebody we didn't like, fascism is alive and
well, make no mistake about it. You people are like, we would like a bunch of morons, man.
You like a bunch of quizzlings. Spencer says, I sent you the Pentagon clip for your website.
Thank you so much. Here's another one. This is a website, stall. Is that what it's an O-No,
ST bad pinment of Spencer, st911.org is one of the most important sites of my generation.
Please put it on your website to get out the truth. st911.org. Well, I guess I better take a look
at that during the break end night. You should. Well, it would be something if we had to get Eric
to do that too. I mean, it's an awful lot of work for a fat man in one day, isn't it?
Think of do it. He'll do it. Have you do it gladly? It's a labor of love. Believe you me.
Scholars for 9-11 truth. I'm not a nut. Well, you're on it. How did you get on that so fast?
You can get out on the website. I was not in the cream of the video at me. Oh, I see. Oh, excuse me.
I'm sorry. It's a little more we can handle that QAM. But the text and that toilet. Hey,
I got an idea. Let's move back into the trailer again. That sounds good. Oh, can I pick a trailer,
though? Let's move back to that former QAM location there. Seriously, even the cockroaches and the
rats moved out of that place. That's how filthy and disgusting that was. I don't know if it's there
anymore. I think the cardboard finally is great. And of course, great. It is deal. Well, you know,
we're thinking about building a Neil Astudio out there in a hallway. The quads it had. Yeah.
What a lying sack. Trump 13, a QAM. If you love voting, you can go out there and buy a vote.
Carst your fortune. Then it's just the beginning of your headaches. It's a big hassle. The smart
thing to do if you want to get out there in the water and have a great time is called
Clobnotico and 1-800-Bolt rent. Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally
hassle-free? It's easy. It's a piece of cake. During the club of Clobnotico,
call 1-800-Bolt rent will be just amazed at how easy they make it for you. There are no docking
costs. No expensive upkeep no insurance, no hurricane preparation. When you have a vote from Clobnotico,
it is totally stress-free and affordable too. So what's not to like? Call 1-800-Bolt rent,
no getting the vote ready because the folks at Clobnotico do all that for you. No cleaning up either.
Guess what? They do that as well. A Clobnotico just hop on your vote and go. When you done pulling
the dock, it often say goodbye and they'll take care of all the rest. It's that easy. Clobnotico,
call 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small votes all the way to
yacht charters. Clobnotico does it all for you. Call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Clobnotico
take a plan to fit what you need and your budget to. Get on the water today. The inexpensively
hassle-free way with Clobnotico by calling 1-800-Bolt rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-Q-A-L.
Yeah. This is 5-16-Q-A-L. You're flagship teaching for Florida Marlins this fall on the radio.
Tonight, the Marlins face the Atlanta Braves at Dolphin Stadium. Presented by Bell Sound.
Covered starts at 6-3rd and exclusive presentation of sports radio 5-16-Q-A-L.
I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for 15 years. Nothing works here.
I hate this place. Nothing works here. Atond the medications on work. I've been here for Patchoubvneurs.
I hate this place. Nothing works here.
Don't lie, all the heart burns.
Don't come from every time I see.
Don't come from every time I see.
Don't come from every time I see.
Don't come from every time I see.
He's President of the ****.
Republish muscle band and in our daily lives.
I don't know why they would want to go.
But now he's here.
First order that is for you.
Happy birthday.
We're President of the ****.
Happy birthday.
Oh, what I do too, no more choice for.
And get to window voted for.
If you want this, don't love the lips drumming stupidly.
Don't come from every time I see.
Don't come from every time I see.
Please President of the ****.
Don't care what it's all.
You got to meet my hooker, Lord, we're Christians.
I know what best you will die for.
We've got a great leader.
Absolutely.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
Happy birthday to the President of the ****.
popula J.
Yes.
I'm living all the power that's been in them
We've been all our money out the door
We've been all the women all
The one I sell, the one I need high gold gold
It's in the back, it's been with their new show
A while we had to send our men to war
That's here to be the greatest man we've seen
Our tears been inside their own bones
We're here with all the more innocent dreams
Every life we hear is never enough for
What have I done to all the baddies
We've been all the men having taken our lives away
Isn't it something I want to learn?
East, East, East and West
I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you to know I want you
know I want you to know I want you to know I won't be a player in front of the table and we're not science knowledge science science science science science science science science science science the science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science science a science science science science science skill and so many things it's Void backwards
ocean is out now to board of a map
Absolutely.
June 6th
no
no
no
no
no
Thanks, Spencer.
We need to put a link for the center right away.
It's on there. It's already on there.
Care of it during the break.
I sent him the link and he put it right on there.
Nice going boys.
Scholars for a 9-11-2 dot org.
We're just ST9-11 dot org.
In fact, I got an article I just printed out.
Experts claim official 9-11 stories are hoax.
And it's very long and I'm going to read it when we come back.
I do like that.
I like it a lot.
You do?
Oh, I hate it.
Don't do it.
Oh, better than I do it.
I want to get to the center of the chronic stuff set.
Oh, man.
Oh, by the way, the name of that caller.
What is his name?
Carl.
That's the guy.
The dark, conflicted chronic.
Carl, then there's old Joe.
And about, you know, see their caller is on any better than ours.
It's just that, you know, they have something to talk about.
Sports, you know, and same old crap.
You go from one show to the next, near the same half it doesn't say.
That's the one thing vaulted in Wayne.
Park Mark Wayne had on the remember we were at IOD.
We're really frosted.
They're asked because he said, well, you know, one thing about Q&A.
They got the same 50 callers all day.
I think it was exaggerating.
And I was the same with the two stations.
Just the same 50 people are more busy because they're calling both of them.
Of course, at least ours, you know, they send their very best numerous times today.
I suppose it's just once.
971 votes on a pool piece of cake.
Experts claim official 911 stories of hopes coming up.
They don't like the bedtime stories go away.
Goldies and do the juice and listen to a Sid Rosenstein bird talking about how he's doing.
He's getting this on.
Listen to the juice.
Sid Rosenstein birds.
He ain't no Stan Bergstein.
I've heard of that.
Although he is a softwood, a sports fixture.
He's now at a seven-ocean dive.
I feel like I'm in a pub piece.
26 past noon at 560 W.
Can we get gilded?
So it goes a ganky of four hours and a half hours.
The most unspeakable radio in the history of the industry.
And then we got to the Marlin game, which in this case will be quite a move on uptick.
If you think you have termites in your home, you better call RIDID PES control today for a free termite inspection.
RIDID PES control uses an amazing orgineral treatment to kill termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
They're going to faster than you can say, clear a bell to clown.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tent your house.
No worrying about poison as gas.
No moving out or staying at hotels.
No worrying about food or pests in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orgineral.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're all done doing their thing on your property, the only thing left behind is the clean scent.
The refreshing scent of oranges for just a few days.
You'll feel like you're in fruit country.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem called RIDID PES control right now, I'm fine out about this amazing orgineral treatment.
They have kills termites and they raise 100% on contact.
No tending.
No games.
No BS.
No kidding.
They do waste a finished job for you.
Call them right now for a free no obligation inspection.
Now is the time to start thinking about this at the early stages of termite season.
And Hurley came season and all this other slime and south Florida for months to come.
Call RIDID toll free 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-448.
When you do call, be sure and turn the top direct to a new call.
They will pee their pants.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-8.
And wrap all the slime all the time.
Welcome to the new American I can't see.
Also known as George W. U.S. Palace.
RIDIDID any palace imagined by Saddam.
104 acres of luxury that I rakees having seen since our divine occupation.
Surrounded by 15 foot thick concrete walls for safety.
We have two city blocks of luxury apartment offices.
The hotels here are slanky.
We'll find intact duplicates of the rest of the station with the deliverance on every sheet of soft and multiplied toilet paper.
Just beyond the hunter dealership and movie theater, you'll find tennis courts and the largest swimming pool in Iraq,
with regulation sized diving boards and of course water boards.
Road to the round our state of the heart, road, gymnasium and bath, open all night and free for our supplicant press.
Our food court offers one of every restaurant chain.
Featuring daily Iraq delicacy.
Today, your kid will love the strong and replayable jealous looking served in the hollowed skulls of Iraqi children.
This is all top secret of course.
We'll thank you for not mentioning our new Iraq embassy.
The ultimate and American area.
I'm signing on the rear.
Prop 33, okay, here it is, scholars for 9-11 Truth.
The link is already on you, you be saying?
What?
A group of distinguished experts and scholars including Robert M. Bowman, James H. Petzr, Wayne Madsden, John McMurdy, Morgan Reynolds and Andreas Von Buello have concluded that senior government officials have covered up crucial thanks about what really happened on 9-11.
They've joined with others in common causes members of scholars for 9-11 Truth, S-9-11-T.
Because they're convinced based on their own research that the administration has been deceiving the nation about queer relevance in New York and Washington DC.
These experts suggest these events may have been orchestrated by elements within the administration, manipulate Americans and disappointing policies at home and abroad.
They would never have condoned absent another Pearl Harbor.
They believe that this White House is incapable of investigating itself and hope the possibility that Congress might hold an unaccountable administration accountable is not merely an eye-vor-wishful thinking.
They're encouraging new services around the world with secure scientific advice by taking advantage of university resources to verify or to falsify their discoveries.
Externary situations, they believe, require extraordinary measures.
If this were done, they contend one of the great hopes of history would stand naked before the eyes of the world and its perpetrators would be clearly exposed, which may be the only hope for saving this nation's we've been great to abuse.
They hope this might include the New York Times, which in their opinion has repeatedly failed to exercise the leaders who have expected from our nation's newspaper of record by a series of inexplicable lapses.
It's failed to vigorously investigate tainted elections, lives leading to the war in Iraq or legal NSA spying on the American people, major unconstitutional events.
In their view, the Times might compensate for its laws of stature by helping to reveal the truth about one of the great turning points of modern history.
Stunning as it may be to acknowledge the observed, the government's brought but one in diamond against anyone to the best of their knowledge has not even reprimanded anyone for incompetence or dereliction of duty.
The official conspiracy theory that 19 Arab hijackers under control of one man in the wilds that Afghanistan brought this about is unsupportable by the evidential data which they have studied.
They even believe there are good reasons for suspecting that videotapes officially attributed to a Somalvin law and are not genuine.
They have found the government's own investigation to be severely flawed.
The 9-11 commission designated to investigate the attack was directed by Philip Zellico, part of the Bush transition team in the NSA sector and co-author of a book with Tom Belizeer Rice.
A Bush supporter and director of national security affairs he could hardly be expected to conduct an objective in impartial investigation.
They've discovered that the 9-11 commission report is replayed with omissions, distortions and factual errors which statement-wake-driven is documented in his book, the 9-11 commission report omissions and distortions.
The official report for example entirely ignores the collapse of World Trade Center 7A-47 store building which was hit by no airplanes was only damaged by a few small fires and fell seven hours after the attack.
Here are some of the kinds of considerations that these experts and scholars find profoundly troubling.
In the history of structural engineering, steel frame high-rise buildings have never been brought down due to fires from either before or since 9-11, so how can fires have brought down three in one day? How is this possible?
The BBC's reported at least five of the 19-leds high-deckers have turned up alive and well living in Saudi Arabia.
Yet according to the FBI, these were among those children in the attacks. How is this possible?
Frank D. Martini, a project manager for the WTC, said the buildings were designed with low redistribution capabilities to withstand the impact of airliners whose effects would be like puncturing mosquito netting with a pencil.
Yet they completely collapsed how is this possible?
Since the melting point of steel is about 2700 degrees Fahrenheit, the temperature of jet field is not exceed 1800 Fahrenheit under optimal conditions and you also modified the steel used to 2000 Fahrenheit for six hours, the buildings can out of colab due to heat from the fires. How is this possible?
Flight 77 was allegedly hit the building, left the radar screen the vicinity of the Ohio Kentucky border only to reappear in very close proximity of the Pentagon shortly before impact. How is this possible?
Foreign terrorists to recover enough to coordinate hijacking for commercial airliners, seemingly did not know that the least damage to the Pentagon would be done by hitting its West Wing. How is that possible?
Secretary of Transportation Norman Manita, in an underground bunker at the White House, watched Vice President Cheney castigate a young officer for asking if the plane drew closer and closer to the Pentagon, did the order still stand?
The order cannot have been to shoot it down, but it must have been the opposite. How is that possible?
A former inspector general for the Air Force observed that Flight 93, which allegedly crashed in Pennsylvania, should have left a breeze scattered over the area less than the size of a city block, but it scattered over the area of about eight square miles. How is this possible?
A tapey-coding of interviews with air traffic controllers on duty and line level was deliberately crushed, cut into very small pieces and distributed in assorted places to ensure its total destruction. How is that possible?
The Pentagon conducted a training exercise called MassCal, simulating the crash of a Boeing 757 in a row building on October 24, 2000, and yet, kindly, Zerwis among others has repeatedly asserted that no one ever imagined a domestic airplane could be used as a weapon. How is that possible?
The own physics research has been established that only controlled demolitions are consistent with the near-gravity speed of the fall and virtually symmetrical collapse of all three of the World Trade Center buildings. While turning concrete into very fine dust, they fell straight down into their own footprints.
These experts and scholars have found themselves obliged to conclude that the 9-11 atrocity represents an instance of the approach, which has been identified by Carl Roe of the President's closest advisor of creating our own reality.
How do you like that? Chili. Chili. Probably ought to plug that loose-change video again at Show and Tonight. Friday, May 12, 8pm, that's tomorrow hosted by Jessica Johnson and George Matto at the Dove Hill Hotel, 67-The Collins.
The latest chain of the most provocative 9-11 documentary on the market, and by the way, speaking of that, I noticed on this website, this scholars for 9-11 Truth, there is links to all kinds of other fabulous stuff too.
Maybe you won't take it fabulous, but at least provocative. How about interesting?
Interesting. Like Roe and his social and his socks, interesting. It was a very interesting guy. Roe and his social and the sock story. So, sock it to him.
Well, there are a couple people out there who look at this stuff, not too many. Thousands of votes already, aren't you impressed? God almighty. We might actually be reaching 200-300 people.
If your parents didn't indoctrinate you and brainwashed you what religion would you have chosen if you had like free will? Oh, free will, is that why evade that fruit? Like free willy.
Agnostic, 2509, that's what Michael wants. He wants you to free willy so he can grab him. Agnostic, 2509, 8th is 213. I hate this pool 181. Well guess what we hate too. How do you like that? Your mama.
Buddhism, 118. Jewish 65. Oh God, let's go get some deli right now. Look, whip up some good crockies.
Catholic 63. Born again Christian only.
Bapapap turn man. Yeah, too impressive. Generic Christian 24. Scientology 19. The world's biggest closet next to the priesthood.
Sick. We got eight sickies. Islam 8. Mormon 6. 70 Adventists 4. Hinduism 2. Well, 70 Adventists aren't the ones that make all that nice.
I don't know. I think they do. Yeah. Oh, yeah, those breakfast links. They're kind of like bokeh burgers. They're made from people.
Hindu 2 and Joho's witnesses appear. In fact, those pair will be not going to endure any minute. Try to knock down the dough.
20 to 1. But I got through that thing, man. Like Grant took rich men. You know, that was pretty good. David, I bet there's a lot of other good stuff on there too though.
The well worth reading door. Vast audience agree to the labels out there really very so great. Social conscience. They got you know, oh yeah, like him. He's socially unconscious.
If you're a cigar smoke, you like to kick back with a good premium brand and the he is cigars by Tony Burhani is for you.
He's hard to find cigars and made with first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years. But he has a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he a gold flagship blind gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider a 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well-balanced full-bodied Nicaragua.
When cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors also don't forget to try their behead the sale.
The hottest release of garden last 10 months. The sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider.
A powerful big blaster baby a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper that finishes long and full body with additional spice and a note of charred wood for a south float into back in this nearby you just log out of the website for he is cigars dot com or call this number tool free 1 835 by here.
That's 1 835 B.H.I.
This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62.8.
Spread them and say cheese.
The American cheesecast will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese.
I hate broccoli except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top then I even ask for seconds.
Yes there's nothing like cheese. There may things taste terrific. I'm a sideshow geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living.
My secret I top the shards with grated parmesan. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood.
That's right nothing tops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese.
My husband likes me to you know do him but I hate the taste so I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese. It goes down easy.
And that makes it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So remember don't forget to freeze.
It's a 12.45 W.Q.A.M. anyway here's a facts.
I'm coming to somebody actually interested in the thing I just read that would be amazing.
It says please please please mention the article you just read about Bush being behind 9.11 again.
Where is it published? Put please put link on your watches dot com always on there.
According to George it is it's in the links section. It's in the links.
I mean we could put it up top you know with big letters if you want.
No it's the top of the links. Scholars for 9.11 Truth. It's right there.
I was at the link to the story and I was going to their website. So I need to be a little more specific.
Well for crying out loud it's the top story there. It says a place to start.
Experts call for a lease of 9.11 evidence. You just click on that little baby there on that link.
And I got it like there it is. George on the other hand if he clicks on it about an hour and a half something might have.
What does that say at the bottom? How is this possible? I'll just come on and cut that crap. How is this possible?
Come get your head out of that ostrich life stands out of the floor to sand and get with it. Start waking up and smell the vanffittels.
Remember what I was screaming about? Peanak you know. Project for the new American.
This is all part of the game plan. They went able to go ahead and do their all they're invading and reorganizing and grab all the oil from all over the world.
Without some Pearl Harbor like event they said that right and they're like right and black and green and white.
And then they went and planned it. And then they went and they planned it and they made it happen and there it is.
And how was it that that in fact if you watch the new change you'll also see the same thing. You'll see the pictures of the so-called hijackers who are supposed to be dead who are still very much alive and even tell us where they're working and what they're doing and probably listen to some of their phone conversations.
Speaking of phone conversations 72 in Congress joined battle against wiretaps. 72 members of Congress filed papers like yesterday seeking to win president Bush and more in Los Angeles a eating dropping program.
I'm quite a raw story which has become very quickly with me one of my favorite websites raw stories pretty raw. It's so raw.
Yeah.
It's not a fall off. Put a lotion on it.
Ooh. The filing came just before we report in USA today today which revealed that NSA's warrantless wiretapping program I collected call records on tens of millions of Americans to agreements with AT&T Verizon and Bell South.
It also comes today after lawyers looking into the NSA program abruptly closed their probe after the Bush administration refused to grant them clearances.
Huh. The 71 Democrats and one independent file that Amicus briefed in two federal courts reviewing channel how about some Republicans?
Oh, I didn't see any challenges to the warrantless wiretapping program in Detroit in New York joining the ACLU and the Center for Constitutional Rights both since demand the program be stopped.
Top Democrats didn't sign the call. Neither House Minority Leader, the Amchist Nancy Pelosi or House Minority with Stan Hoyer have joined the brief.
It's very disturbing that on the same day we learned that the NSA has been secretly collecting the phone records of tens of millions of Americans.
We also learned that the Department of Justice has abruptly canceled its investigation into the agency's warrantless wiretapping program said representative John Connures the ranking House Judiciary Democrat was spearheading the initiative.
He's spearheading it. These developments clearly point to the urgent need for oversight review of this program. Congress has failed to provide this critical oversight which has led us to the courts.
The brief argues that Congress never authorized the warrantless fine program neither through the foreign intelligence surveillance sector 78 nor the post on love and authorization for use of military force.
It details the legislative history of both and asked the court to halt the program immediately if not sooner.
As our brief makes clear this Congress dealt with this issue authoritatively almost 30 years.
The warrantless fine on American swirly flatly prohibited Connures be saying Connures said in the church committee that's not the go into church that's Frank Church a special senatorial committee in the 70s that gave Congress more oversight of the intelligence committee in the wake of President Nixon's Watergate scandal.
The following 72 representatives were a meetee in the brief. They were a meetee. Paison.
The list of all the people that voted joined in on it.
Not see anybody from Florida besides our good buddy. What's his name? What's his name? Bob Wechler.
He's on here. Of course, good old Bobby Wechler from Palm Beach and look at any other Florida people that signed on here.
Not see any. I see Maxine Waters and Diane Watson Henry Waxman of California and then Walsier California.
And George Miller of California and Charlie Wrangle of New York and Bernie Sanders independent of Vermont.
He killed us. So Lisa California. I see Alex. So Lisa. I don't see nobody from Florida besides the Bobby Wechler.
How do you like that? Isn't that a pretty sad commentary? He's the. No, I take that back. Debbie Wasserman shults. Sorry, Debbie.
We apologize. Provincial apologize to them. I apologize. Profusely. Debbie Wasserman shults.
That's it. I'm looking at you know, I don't want to leave anybody out. There's Gary Accommod of New York. I wonder if he's related to a Doug Accommod. I sure hope not.
Neil Abercrombie of Hawaii. Oh, Korean brown of Florida. See, I knew I'd leave somebody out Korean brown out of play.
Karina Karina by Ray Peterson. If you don't have that now away. Karina Karina. Huh? Oh, I don't know what year.
Don't start Karina Karina by Ray Peterson. There is no chance in hell that you got that. If you got that on a swoon, I don't got it.
It's all alright. Love her and missing you by Ray Peterson. No, you don't have Karina Karina too bad.
We don't want to hear it anyway. We got important fish to fry. Look at the tremendous outpouring on the phone after I read that spectacular stuff. You know what I see?
That's why I realize that like I've told you many times. Don't ever get confused that the phone call isn't anywhere because if that's what we're talking to man, we haven't just met suicide.
No, no, seriously. Yeah, ever confuse yourself with the idea that in any way shape or form the phone calls that come in any talk show.
Yeah, who might be out there? I'd commit suicide twice. Yeah, why I come make sure I get you a third time.
1036 votes on air already in sunny monoclocke. Well, that's good. We can get some feather in our cap again feather in our back home.
Right. Okay, game to the more important stuff. Now this is more off their alley, I think. A Tamarack rock and roll member of BDL collector is suing the beach boys for the right to sell Brian Wilson's original sheet music for such a hint of his good vibrations.
I wouldn't have been nice said to be worth some 20 million dollars Roy A ski atcha says he's the legal owner of Wilson's handwritten sheet music was contained in boxes of junk that ski atcha bought for an almond laminated liquidation auction to remember.
Yeah, help by the beach boys management in the 80s the band through its management company brother records alleges the sheet music was stolen and his halted ski at his plan auction of the items. I know for the ski as ski atka or ski atta.
There you go. Brother records can be immediately reached for comment on lawsuit today was filed in US District Court Miami brother records filed a complaint with the police to promote a nice fall about the lights.
But the lawsuit said the investigation is after lack of evidence. There you go some good vibrations with Brian Wilson. You're still taking a big mass. Let's send Brian a Vermont teddy bear from other state.
He's like a little bit enough. I got twice the last week with the town. They have the rehab there. They have the rehab bear be good.
Or the stone dog you asked me. Brian wake up get out of bed. He's been waking up at their get your idiot ass out of bed Brian.
And how is Jan and Dean doing now. Let's see Dean is the one he had the right car accident. He walked around and he's dead right. Isn't that the other.
Jan Berry and Dean. I don't know what Dean's last name one. Kind of a name is that for a guy. Jan Berry. Yeah.
He's got times with you. Fair. He rhymes with that. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You know I'm thinking to myself four hours of this is too long. Yeah. I agree. Too long.
I can name me somebody else on this. This is a four hour show every day. All right. I'm done. Okay. Nobody. Who in theory? Who does Eddie. Eddie. No. No. No. No.
Yeah. You're right. In fact, even if you look at Monday schedule, he even start till 10 35 until two.
Even though there was nothing on before him for 35 minutes. If you look at the schedule. It's because clearance is busy too much. Didlin.
So if you believe the schedule, I means we were like doing transmit transmit or maintenance for 35 minutes after Curtis and the beast. That's already a water run of the bridge. I was on Monday past.
Chris the game like tonight's game. It says till all I don't know games. I can end at 10 35. So he's around to do four hours, but very seldom was that happened because we got all these ball games and most of me like the road games.
There's some start 7 30 and the ones in the central and west there like start. Who got away knows when they start when he works like an hour.
Now the good news is next Thursday. We got a Marlin game. One o'clock and the Wednesday after that. We got a another Marlin game. One o'clock. That's the good news.
WDQYM intellectual line. Hello. Hey, how about sending Brian Wilson a bipolar bear? Okay, that's good. That's cute. That was very good. That was some of the best material we've had in a long time. That was very good. In fact, let's talk to our friends over Montenegro.
They may even come up with the bipolar bear for a little Brian, a big Brian, kind of chubby WQYM. Hello.
Yeah, can you please speaking? I need a lot of what's wanted to tell you that it's so easy to get all the phone records. My boss got mine.
Having a pair with his girlfriend. I'm glad to hear that. I'm delighted to hear it. So how was she? It was a worthy. I wonder if Greg knows about that.
What was your job? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon. Yeah, this is how I'm doing from now on. This is what I'm doing. Every once in a while when the mood strikes me. I have like a little interlude here on the phone.
Oh, that. Okay. Well, you said interlude. I didn't know what you're talking about. Just a little interlude. Like if it had a little. He's having somebody. Yeah.
Loud and crude WQYM. Hello. Jesus Christ and Dougie. I think you heard you. I am. Hello. Q I am WQYM. Hello. Do I fish air when I'm not stomping puppies of my high heels?
WQYM. Hello. That was you. That was you. I was joy. WQYM. Hello. I'm sure she wears sensible shoes. Q I am. Deal. Last chance. Yes, sir. Okay. I heard you Monday. You were rocking your brain about.
I think the example you were looking for. I think he's still martian with an s h. No. No. Not even close. It was much more amusing than that. No. It was phenomenal. I'm one of these days. Well, that's got to be a close second. Right?
No, not even not even the ballpark. This. All right. Neil. Okay. Thanks. You're a try. Nice try. I'm like a guy. Why? What's going on in that guy's life? He's out to get you. No. He said that was a. That was one of our best calls we've had in a week's
program calls like that guy who's got some really important information to pass along. You guys are trying to just because you're uptight. You know,
things can don't be things get in this business. Okay. You're ready to take all the abuse. They're ready to heap on you. Look where you are, man. Look where you are. Oh, and I should
take it as you know the four cheese sauce. Remember I was talking to you. Stay about cheese sauce. Yeah. Man, when I got home last night from a nice winning night at
the time, we're getting a good machine. I should go back and pat that machine on the side and say, good machine. Good machine. That was good.
And I made some of my whatever that dream fields pasta. And I made what I did is brown my ground beef. And then I smeared some of that four cheese sauce
over. He grabbed your bread. And I put a whole bunch of onion of olive slices, canned olive slices. And it all man. Oh, man. And then some nice fresh craft parmesan cheese.
You know, I know you hate craft. No, there's a crapp you hate. It's craps. I hate too bad. They know their parmesan. Even Mr. Ego don't know how that's good parmesan.
Pretty pleased. And that's what you tell me that craft don't make the parmesan cheese on your craft. They make it go to anything craft. Right. I did.
12.57 at 5.60. That becomes speaking of the by poor. But I like that idea. Today's Thursday. I bet there are a lot of you guys haven't even thought about Mother's Day yet. Well, what are you waiting for?
Man time is running out this Sunday's Mother's Day. There's still time. Make it seem like you put a lot of thought into that gift though by sending an original little Vermont teddy bear even Brian Wilson would like to hug it and squeeze it.
Sending a bear gram is so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont teddy bears last forever. They're even got to feed for life. You can only get them. I call your friendly bear counselor.
1-800-829 bear or shopping online at Vermont teddy bear dot com. Your mom or wife will get a beautiful bear Taylor just for her delivered with a free card gourmet carmels and a gift card in a colorful box.
The happy Taylor bear just for her like the nurse bear the teacher the business woman or gardening bear. La prostituta bear. So she'll know you put some real fun in your gift.
They've been have a fun new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be. Check out the new All American mom dressed in a patriotic sundress holding a little piece of apple pie.
And probably your mom's boys are three. We've had a send a mom's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo on his arm and dad's air of a year. It's your job to get your wife to give from the kids and why not come up with a mother in cup said a perfect idea.
And as many covers needed to import your kids names right in the office. Have a bear delivered to the office tomorrow so she can brag to all her co-workers what a real bench you might be works like magic.
So call her one eight hundred eight to nine bear or shop right online it for my teddy bear dot com send the creative alternative flowers from others day by calling one eight hundred eight to nine bear one eight hundred eight to nine B.E.A.
Are we sure in some of that chronic old meal Tony to call this is meal Roger.
Oh God this is five sixty two eight not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon.
Now that Nick is gone who will fill the void in Jessica's heart find out on MTV's newly mom with Jessica Simpson.
I'm adapting a child because a baby is like a little angel flying down from heaven laughing at swings like a tiny buffalo.
Jessica speaks candidly about being a single mom right now I'm a family of one and a baby would make us a family of more than one anyway I heard you should breastfeed but what's better to can breast or tina breast and shares reviews on child rearing.
Child rearing wait that's for the diaper goes right plus Jessica has some essential safety tips.
It's really important to like not drop your baby on a head unless it's a family tradition like in my family.
You live with Jessica Simpson right after Pimp my stroller only on MTV.
Oh yes hard out there for a Pimp alright that's where America's at it's hard out there for a Pimp who want American Idol alright.
Please convicted of murdering on here's the whole story I mean we had it on there for you like probably before even across the street had it on you know.
Reverend Gerald Robinson hey father a priest was convicted in Toledo yesterday today of stabbing Roman Catholic none of that as she prepared for Easter services at a hospital 26 years ago.
A murder prosecutor say was steeped in religious ritual we were that I was not.
But sister Margaret Ann Paul was a stand 31 times to an alter clock with the punctures forming an upside down cross her killer then anointed her with a smudge of her blood on the forehead to humiliate her in death.
Prosecutor said he's mirror.
Reverend Gerald Robinson now 68 and we're close to with sister Paul at the mercy hospital chapel where a body was discovered April 5 1980.
He had been an early suspect but he wasn't charged so two years ago is attorney's argue that the non's underwear and fingernails had traces of DNA that wasn't from Robinson and that there were no one's place Robinson to crime.
Prosecutor suggested that Robinson had a strange relationship with it on a strict taskmaster and that he had reached a breaking point with her that day.
The jury deliberated for six hours before finding him killed the murder and the judge immediately sentenced him to the mandatory term of 15 years to life in prison.
Robinson who was priest collar throughout the trial had no visible reactions of her because read he just had that same icy BDI look.
Did he? Yes he did.
After when a courtroom deputy handcuffed him behind his back and let him away.
And actually it says here lead him away on the CNN website and lead him away.
Let us hope they can close to the trial brings a measure of healing for all those affected by the case as well as for our local church lettered Blair Bishop of the Tilleter Dicey said in statement that I see his remains steadfast in the work of the church and ministry.
Throughout the trial on the audio diode and a partridge in a part tree don't stop donating that money.
The verdict came after nine days of testimony during which witnesses like they sword shaped letter opener found in Robinson's room with the unswooned and blood stains found at the altar cloth by covered her body.
The case relied heavily on forensic evidence because prosecutors presented no direct evidence that Robinson killed sister Paul.
I wonder if she's kind of sister Jean the dancing machine machine object.
You think sister Jean is a good dance and machine anyway sister Paul with caretaker the hospital chapel to forensic experts testified that a dime size.
The death of the image of the west capitol on the letter opener occurred to be the source of a faint stain on the altar cloth.
This sounds like the shroud of Turin all over again. I wonder if Jesus's push was on it in a videotape interview with police.
This afternoon was arrested in April 2004 Robinson said he was stunned when he walked into the chapel.
The hospital's other chap on a cute and murder murderer.
Juris walks to the tape during the trial also saw how Robinson looked alone in the small room for a few minutes.
Fools his hands and began to whisper in a barely audible voice.
He whispered the word sister and then prayed again with his head bowed at one point saying oh my Jesus.
Now he's probably thinking about some altar boy oh my Jesus that's whatever Jesus Christ.
Yeah that's it.
So there you go. They won't see him for a while.
And of course poor father gigant man they put him on the inside there and bossed it and they took care of him.
They took justice in their own hands. They don't like those kind of guys on the inside.
Okay I'll get organized here now. Okay got all kinds of stuff flying off my machine.
I mean just flying out of there.
And I'm sure that the audience are like hand over a fist to get on those websites.
So I think I'm sure they're hoping that I'll write that word.
And what's the other thing we put on there?
Oh and of course the Stephen Colbert thing.
Right.
Which hopefully they'll have better luck playing it then.
They are going to have any problems.
It's right above Josh's goofy picture there.
And it's right below the pool.
Stephen Colbert the White House gross violence center.
I'm clicking it right now.
Okay.
I said I hope we will have better luck than it was.
I clicked it.
It's buffing and there it is.
Hopefully they'll have a better internet connection than we do here.
I understand but I'm just telling you I got the good stuff.
Yeah.
You know brother over from down.
This is a Gwini Weaver Brun 5.
1665 votes baby.
I didn't know imaginary totally.
They're 1665 votes.
CNN poll released yesterday.
They may continue the anxiety for the GOP.
Good.
All over the Democrats.
I mean they're the.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Most of them are so lame you know.
Yeah.
Sure.
Democrats with a 14 point advantage over Republicans among registered voters asked their preferences
in this year's midterm elections.
I'm going to tell you Democrats need to win control of both houses of Congress in the fall.
And they need to impeach this bunch.
Not just Bush but Cheney and Rumsville the whole bunch of men put them all on trial.
Send them to Nuremberg and let's have the Nuremberg trials.
That's a good place for Nazis.
The poll conducted by CNN opinion research court found that 52% of respondents who registered
voters said they leading toward voting for a Democrat only 38% they were leading toward a Republican.
10% didn't know how they were leading.
Leaning.
Bill Witters was singing lean on me and I said no we'll pass.
Among all Americans the poll found 50% leading toward Democrats 37% of Republicans and 3%
in saying to vote for non-missivity candidates.
10% had no opinion as always.
46% of respondents said they believe things were going well 53% said they felt things were going badly.
That's interesting because all these polls they keep taken just the other day 73% said the country was on a wrong track
and was also CNN Gallup and whatever.
I guess things are going well but we're just on a wrong track.
You understand that?
We're supposed to be a Dal Moral but we're at Horseman's Park or some crap like that.
I don't know.
I don't get it.
But then what do the why no?
Falling trees caused by brush fires that forced the indefinite closure of a 12 mile stretch of I 95 the East Coast main traffic
artery.
Smoke from several fires around the state has caused periodic morning closures but Florida Highway Patrol trooper Kim Miller said on any
file will be close from Port Orange to Edgewater for these several days as crews worked to clear the debris.
What's happened is that the root bulbs that burn so the trees are now unstable and are falling into the roadway.
And I'm going to tell you two things.
Whoever we know the story about the Boofo toads it was some Jack S. at the University of Miami Science Department and they got lucid
here for when a bunch of crates that were they brought from South America and some of the crates like toppled and they got into the Everglades and they reproducing
like rabbits and that's why you got your Boofo toads.
Whoever whoever brought Malalooka trees which I think are from Australia and Australia.
Who ever brought them to Florida ought to be dead and probably is.
Man, I just puke from that Malalooka.
God, if you had any see that was about the only good thing that happened from Hurricane Wilma.
He's in knocked all the Malalookas down at least most of them.
The bad thing is that once all these fires started around the state that they're because they burn real fast you know.
That's a long good way to get rid of them though.
Florida Highway Patrol captain Robert Duncan told the Daytona Beach News Journal a closure would add 30 minutes.
But 30 minutes.
Trip through the area.
This is a pain in the butt truck driver David Gaff Malabamitola news journalist about an hour to my trip.
It's a pain in the butt.
The news journal reported took 11 days to clear a similar problem on I forward Florida in 2001.
84 wildfires will still burning in the state today and more than 36,000 acres according to the state of another good reason to stay out of Florida.
All them forest fire even smoky to bear don't come there anymore.
He's tired of it.
He's had it.
Right to your this story.
Oh, I hear white before that.
I got a pretty good part of here today.
It's good thing as I'm all through with the calls.
Except this one.
QAM. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I I too am very suspicious of the whole 9-11 thing and I've seen loose change in there.
I think there's some really good points that are.
I think there's some really good points that are brought forth by the creators, especially.
I think the most intriguing and troublesome to me was the Pentagon situation.
Yeah, we're even over a village.
It's looking around to playing to play.
Where is the plane?
You know, we're I mean, I think I think there are some very valid points that are brought forth.
But by the same token, I think everyone should be even minded about it.
Now, give an example as to why the the world trade center, the fact that you brought forth earlier today will correct in that the steel would be would have to be at temperatures of about 2000 degrees to melt.
But what's important to understand is that the building would not lose instructional integrity by the steel melting.
The building would lose its structural integrity by the steel weakening and the steel that was used in that building loses 70 to 70.
90% of its strength at only 1000 degrees for 15 minutes.
So while it is possible that 2000 degrees would be required to melt the steel.
If you had temperatures that exceeded 1000 degrees, which is very possible in a fire like at the WTC for 15 to 20 minutes.
Let me ask you this. What about the thing about the other building?
The building that wasn't even hit by any of the...
Again, like I said, I think there are a lot of good points that are brought forth.
But when people say things like the steel would have had to melt for the building to collapse, that should simply not decay.
Let me also ask you this. What about the other explosions that you see?
If you saw loose changes, you see those other explosions that you can get.
Yes, I have.
Many of them in the floor are floors below where the main fires were going on, where the planes hit the buildings. What was that all about?
They are evident or not evident, but the people who change advance the point that those are explosions that were set in order to bring the building down.
Correct.
I am not refuting that. That is very possible.
But it could be other things as well.
What other things? What other things?
It could have been windows that were blowing out and you have simply seen debris coming out of the window.
Again, I am not saying that there are a lot of things that are going on.
I think there definitely should be an investigation into it by an independent agency.
I am just saying that you have to take other things into consideration.
Everything that the people who change bring forth is not just as everything the government brings forth.
Right.
So it is just important to keep that in mind.
Thank you.
I am keeping in mind and I still believe it is so.
So his point is it is good to be skeptical.
I agree with that.
I am going to take it all and face fat.
I don't buy everything that is there.
And with the fact that it is a matter of reserve and awful lot of questions to be asked.
And I am loving commission as usual just to rubber stamp in a white wash.
That is all it was.
Right.
Anytime you have the government investigating itself, you have a real tourist baby.
You are going to get a pack of limes.
Especially this bunch.
How is that oil lia?
Chew!
How is that big tube coming?
We are going to hook up to the oil.
It is getting more talkable all the time.
How is our good friends in Dubai doing?
Doobie doobie doobie?
How they doing?
That is where the investigation is going to go.
The Bushes have been in the bin Laden.
That is what it is all about.
The Bushes in the Saudis.
All these illicit relationships.
The George Herbert Walker Bush won.
Right.
The Carlyle group.
Which just happened to be meeting that morning on 9-11.
I think it was a business deal gone bad part of it.
I think they may have had something to do with it.
And what was banned our Bush discussing with your president two days after it.
And how come all the bin Laden family got flown out there?
So many questions just begging for answers.
And the week-tea politicians, you know, a couple of them asked some questions
and opened up a mouth and that was you and that.
Like Richard Clark, anybody seen him lately?
No.
Some of the other guys that wrote the books, huh?
Right.
All of a sudden they disappeared.
14 after 1 at 5'60-W.
We got pressure packed to the 630 baby.
We got Kelti.
Back to back with.
What more could a grown man want to cry about?
You know, once again, everybody's feeding the prints of the gas pump.
The good folks of Dalamakris, 1-800-Makris, want to help you through this.
Dalamakris and by the way, thank you again, Mr. President, for those bargain-based
and gas prices.
It's a gas.
Dalamakris is offering you a free tank of gas.
Here's how it works.
You just take the full amount of any gas receipt off your nice mattress.
Up to 10% of the purchase.
You spend 35 bucks at the gas pump.
Take 35 bucks off.
And you purchase the 350 or more.
Spend 50 bucks at the pump.
Take 50 bucks off.
And you purchase a $500 or more.
You'll need your gas receipt to save the cash.
Why the hell would you want to drive all over town, wasting that expensive gas and getting
worked up into a sweat when you can just make that one easy call?
Skip them all in furniture stores and so-called Janssen and mattress business.
Call 1-800-Makris right now and save.
And as always, you get to choose the date and time you're delivered when it's convenient
for you.
You'll pick it through our Windows 7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. when you call
Dalamakris.
1-800-Makris.
You'll choose from the area's largest inventory of brand-name mattresses.
See Lee and Sura, Simmons and King Coral, Temporpita Concerns and Foster Hewitt.
Call 1-800-Makris right now.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
You're going to die with that.
See? God is punishing me now.
According to his website, the Americana Group operates
from 650 restaurants in love with Middle Eastern countries.
Its other brands include, oh my God, well-known US brand such as KFC,
Hardies and Pizza Hut.
The company's got more than a billion dollars in annual sales.
Everywhere you go to war now, there's Pizza Hut.
Everywhere.
And they got the Pizza Express, where you get just a slice.
We're looking forward to introducing Krispy Kreme and the Hot Dillon
and their experience to our customers in the Middle East,
Marzuc Nasser Al-Kharafi,
the chairman of the Americana.
See what I'm saying?
These Arab men are something really, really smells bad.
That's not just because they were in the Turban Too tight.
Them Saudis, boy, that's what it needs to be at, Saudi Arabia.
Go in here and blow those back to the off the map and hook up the longs.
You get like 30 cents a gallon of gas.
What I'm thinking.
But third, man.
That's not like a bargain?
Sure.
Here's the facts from Jane.
How come my representative Elsie Hastings has an son of a Don Connors?
You're thinking, oh, he's fashionists work.
Then they railroad him a few years back.
Yes, but he's not on there.
Sure.
I'll look at it again and see if I missed out.
I think he should.
Then he would be there.
Oh, huh.
And then they would evolve it's fair.
Okay. Well, easy to do because they're an alphabetical order.
So I have to take like a long, ponderous song of the dance.
He didn't do it.
Well, let me just see.
Elsie, are you on here?
No.
Didn't sign it.
Jesse Jackson Jr. signed an Illinois.
He's pretty good Jesse Jr.
He's an jackass like his daddy.
He's good.
And I'm glad that why did they haul all the records away right away?
No inspection or an utilization were done.
Normally they don't take every spectacrack.
Airplanes have put them back together.
They don't do that.
Yes, they do.
I bet it's all been recycled by now.
Now, look at the spread of the seed when it catches fire.
Oh, God, it's a James.
So like I said, it was bad because it spread its seed.
Oh, man.
Just like those polygamists in Utah are spreading their seed.
It's really interesting that all of a sudden now that's the big gun.
Other one of these big topics do you agree that the media just discovered?
Like that's something new.
Well, we got that TV series now.
What is that?
It's on date.
I mean, on date line?
No.
It's on HBO right after the spread.
What?
A TV series about a polygamist family.
Get out of here.
Oh, see you.
A TV series about polygamists?
A TV series about that.
I tell you what you were talking about.
There's stuff they do on date line about child molesters and polygamists.
Because that seems to be the thing that they do.
The new thing.
They wait for little girls and little boys just spread it around.
But they're doing everybody.
They're on any religion.
See if it's done out of the name of religion.
It's okay.
It's what Father Tools said.
Speaking of religion, we're not going to put Amish on there.
Nobody wants to be there.
I put it on there.
Well, good for you.
Good for you.
Yeah, well, good for you.
So you can't wait to eat.
They have good food like what?
Oh, well, everything they make is homemade.
And there's supposed to be famous for it like there are.
Yeah, but they don't have no good.
Everything you name it.
They're Turkey, they're apple pie.
All the traditional fare.
They're supposed to be apple pie.
They're about punky pie.
When all you can do for fun is eat.
What about the Quakers?
They'll know from Quakers.
Richard Nixon was not sure that they Quake and Shake.
They're pacifists.
Although Nixon, I guess, forgot about that part of it.
You want to put the Quakers on there?
Come on.
You ever have Quaker Roads?
Sure.
Just to slow it down.
You did?
No.
Oh, thank God.
Moo Go.
All those kind of breakfast cereals are all poisoned anyway.
You know what?
All of them.
And they got all these ads.
One that really sends me right to the window of screaming like Howard Beal is the one for
cheerios.
It's about to lower your cholesterol.
Yeah, you should live so long, okay?
Keeping like tons of cheerios is going to lower your cholesterol.
All right.
You'll send your blood sugar, skyrocketing, give you diabetes, but other than that, it's going
to lower your cholesterol.
Right.
God, the stuff, the crap that they let them get away with.
Because they're all getting paid off, you know.
That's the FDA.
Look at all these drugs.
If you're watching, well, air has been going on a long time.
Every newscast, man, every other spot is for some drug.
Over the counter drug.
Most of the prescription drugs.
Ask your doctor for fill in the blank, you know.
Right.
Some other drug it's going to like put you in an early grave, but make a lot of money for
some grave robber.
Like those great Nazis at the Bayer.
I'm sorry.
Probably an early grave robber.
116 votes on the pool.
Boy, we're pretty proud.
If your parents didn't indoctrinate you, what religion would you have chosen?
Agnostic 287.
Eighth is 239.
He's an atheist.
Oh, I hate this pool.
193.
Buddhism 125.
Catlick 73.
Jewish 71.
And then we on down.
There's a big drop off after the Jews.
Generic Christian 34.
I mean, what kind of good cuisine they got.
Born again Christian 31.
Well, you know, other than all those stupid wafers, what are they eating?
Or they don't do that.
Just the cat's doing that?
Everybody eats something.
But the cat's not an expensive.
But the cat's not an expensive.
So father Gagan said you know the wafers.
Uh huh.
Scientology 20.
I think those are the people you're talking about.
You fairy.
Oh my god.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
Islam 9.
Sick.
We got, let's see.
I mean, we got eight who are sick.
We want to be sick.
Mormon 7.
7th day Adventist 5.
Uh, in fact, if you want to be sick, just keep resting from 2 to 6 to 3 today.
7th day Adventist 5.
Hinduism 2.
Jehovah's Witness 2.
And Amish just went on it.
I don't think Amish is going to go over real big.
You never know.
Huh?
Well, one of these people, now first you have to change your last name to Yoder or Hostitler.
Okay.
You know that?
No.
Those are probably two of the most popular names in.
I don't know about Pennsylvania Amish, but in like Indiana where they got the big Amish
communities, Yoder and Hostitler.
Yoder.
Many of whom, huh?
Yoder?
Yeah, Yoder.
Many of whom are into harness racing, by the way, like Verne, Verne, Hostitler, whatever's
naming.
Well, in other sense, because they grew up with those butter horses, man, around horses, whip
them and beat them in the snack on them till they fall down and then hook them up to the
old milk wagon.
27 after what if I like chicken figure, 27 past 1 a QA, I met the melding pot boy.
This isn't just another meal, man.
This is something really unique and delicious and fabulous.
Fondue gets turned into a memorable four-course dining experience and you're going to be dipping
in ducking in all kinds of delicious goodies.
Enjoy a variety of unique contrast special melding pot dipping sauces too.
Starcher didn't run with the melding pot, but now in cheese fondue, don't forget to cheese.
Serve with three different breads, granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next, your choice of salads, all of the melding pot.
In fact, you know, when you go to the melding pot, I'm sure you guys forget out there the
night.
It's kind of a lengthy experience because you know, not just a quick meal in and out.
It's like a long series of great things, all of them outstanding.
The salads all had the melding pot's homemade dressings and then your entrees include lobster
and filet mignon, shrimp, pageant seasoned chicken, pork, portabolo shrooms, duck and more
cooking oil or broth, whichever you like.
And those melding pot dipping sauces are just beyond belief.
And then, of course, for dessert, the piece of resistance that the end of the meal, the
chocolate fondue is something like, was sent you into orbit.
In fact, even the Muslims would go nuts for that.
Forget they'll pass on the virgins and take the chocolate fondue.
Dip your fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, all your favorite fruits, cheesecake, brownies,
topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled across Oreos and Grand Crackers and that chocolate,
and even Fazzo, even the Dom Deliwis would be pleased.
The melding, can you just see those guys?
Oh boy, having a feast.
The melding pot, and for La Bridaeal Coral Springs, Bokin North and Bixican Pacific
Table, and don't forget, all South Florida Melding Pot restaurants will be opening on Sunday
Mother's Day of 1 o'clock.
Reservations are filling up fast, so if you want to take mom for a real treat that she'll
never forget, put a big smile on her purse, take mom for the melding pot for Mother's
Day on Sunday.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16", she paid.
Hey, go up those checkered pants.
Who's has the whole Arab world?
Really mad, he's got the whole Arab world.
Really mad, he made the whole Arab world.
Really mad, who's has the whole Arab world so mad.
Those prisoners were treated really bad, they made them stripped naked for a photograph
and all of those soldiers had a laugh and made the whole Arab world so mad.
They sat a rack with all right in our lap, but now it's nothing.
But a trap George Bush and his cronies are for the crap he made the whole Arab world so
mad.
There's a bunch of grieving widows that feeling sad and a lot of little children have no
dad, the dissuade for his turned out really bad, he made the whole Arab world so mad.
Absolutely.
There's a suicide farmer interact with a bunch of D&D strap to his back and when an
explode it's gonna fall.
I'm dying over here.
Anyway, here's another rest story from that website, you know, ST911.org.
If you're falling bodies, simple physics reveals the big lie, collapse theory, fails reality
check, way too long for me, even me to read too long and fond of this, but I just put it
on our website for tomorrow.
And if I got a call or anybody else who might be interested wants to read that, I think
that very well debunks that whole concept of what, you know.
Anyway, or maybe not in his mind, he was a good caller though, at least he had an IQ
margin and is a little pinky, right?
Right.
That website is great.
Thanks again Spencer, and obviously he's not Spencer the car wash guy.
Right.
Oh, buying QTIPS to fight terror, this is in the Arizona Republic.
Arizona Public Safety Agency has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal grant
money on equipment.
They are not certified to pay or to pay for projects with only a tenuous length of
online security.
With little initial guidance and flush with money after the 9.11 attacks, police and fire
departments stay wide in Arizona.
This is short off budget shortfalls and brought things like ATVs, QTIPS and $50,000 worth
of binoculars with nearly $178 million in Homeland Security Department grants.
But you got to have those binoculars so you can see those at terror is coming.
That's right.
And you have to get the QTIPS to clear out your ears real good so you can hear when you're
tapping those phones even if the conversation clear.
Despite what one small town official described as a spending frenzy, many local officials
managed to put the money towards security priorities, showing up communications, buying
better protective gear for police and firefighters, and purchasing mobile commands and its emergencies.
But there's always a big butt.
In Arizona, a public review of thousands of pages of records and receipts found that
some local governments made many questionable purchases under the guise of Homeland Security,
including $38 leather wallets for all capital police offices, and a $47 hat bag for the
police chief.
Oh, I've got to have a badge.
A big one.
Yeah.
Many small cities and towns that are unlikely targets for a terrorist attack received,
disproportionate amounts of money often more per capita than Phoenix Tucson or Mesa.
Let's just facts.
We get back to that in a second.
Carl says, oh, Rastafirianism.
Rastafirianism.
Right.
Ferry.
Ferry.
You ferry.
Rastafirianism.
I'm going to just put it for a moment, originating in Jamaica, in the 1930s, that basted
stock around solutions from the Bible.
And regards Ethiopia as the promised landed, Haley Salassi is the Messiah with many members
of advocating nonviolence and rejecting materialism.
George would definitely love this religion, puff and puff and pass the weed mine from
another Jamaican Carl.
Well, I can say that Carl is a man.
So I can say.
And he's somebody outside of the park with my machine.
Oh, here's another one.
The moonies, Reverend Kakamoon.
Right.
Want to put that on there?
I mean, down.
Right.
It is the name more ridiculous or contrabanding other business religious.
Kakamoonies.
Okay.
Consider that Wheeler County has spent $92,000 to rent planes, snowmobiles and a horse
to create more accurate assessor maps.
Meanwhile, local law enforcement went without protected masks because it was too expensive
to certify them.
The police chief in Holbrook Arizona population 5,100 was approved to spend $40,000 for a
video surveillance system to monitor potential terrorist targets, including a park, a water
tower and intersections.
Oh, God.
If they come again, it's going to be Holbrook Arizona.
I can feel it.
I can't you.
I feel so either that or Pinyan, New York, one or the other.
Apache County bought a dozen six X six ATVs and more than 11,500 each while local fire
department relied on 20-year-old air packs for its firefighters.
State officials responsible for administering the federal funds had personnel shortage
that led to lack of oversight and poor tracking in the initial years, but they also said they
followed a federal guidelines that approved purchase lists and made improvements since
2003.
They plan to add more staff.
And it goes on and on.
It's on our website.
Buyin' Q-tips to fight terror.
That would do it.
Get those Johnson and your Johnson, man.
Those Q-tips.
Are they the only ones that make Q-tips?
No, lots of people do.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
I've never seen any other Q-tips.
Like a broken record.
Oh, God.
You know, you do it a fine job, Lou,
but how about something different once or while
seeing a different song?
You know, not always tie yellow ribbon around the old oak tree.
Something a little different, please.
Just once.
Just this one time.
Come on, Lou.
129 votes on the pool.
Oh, no.
Convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff may have met with President
Bush the same day that Bush nominated one of Abramoff's
former colleagues to be assistant secretary of labor,
quote, a raw story.
I don't believe it.
He said he never met him.
President Bush and I went in, of course,
and we got the secret service are covering up a whole bunch
of the meetings, but I don't know who gets to that.
FEMA's Brown discounted levy breach reports
after Katrina hit.
Manager sentence for Rhode Island nightclub fire.
We don't care about that, do we?
No, we all heard it.
OK, we heard it.
Another major news.
Now, President Bush announced his intent
to nominate Patrick Pasella, who worked with Abramoff
at his former law firm President Gates Ellis
and Rufa Las Meads.
It's just, I don't know what that is.
The same day Abramoff made a visit to the White House
to quote a secret service record to release yesterday.
But like I said, the secret service
like it said, he only visited twice
and they covered up a whole bunch of other Abramoff visits
because they're obviously on the take-to.
On March 6, 2001, Abramoff entered 423 PM left at 449 PM,
according to Cox News Service, which obtained the records
from the government watchdog, Dune Disho Watch.
A White House press release shows
that Bush nominated Patrick Pasella the very same day.
Yes, the coincidence, wouldn't you think?
I'm sure it was.
The President intends to nominate Patrick Pasella
to be assistant secretary labor
for administration management, to really say.
He's presently the acting chief of staff
at the Office of Personnel Management
and previously was the government affairs rep
with the law firm of Preston Gates Ellis
and Rufa Las Meads and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
Pasella is the only Abramoff associate
to remain in the senior Bush administration post.
David Saphabian will also work with Abramoff
as a resident last year after allegations
he was of strictly government
subvestigates to the Abramoff case.
Saphabian had been Bush's top procurement officer
overseeing 300 billion dollars annually
in federal spending.
His lawyer has previously told Ross Thorey,
he'll be clear to the charges, right?
And the world trade center is gonna pop up again.
Over the weekend, Monday morning,
it'll be there just like brand new, right?
Right, just like magic, magic tricks.
20 till two speaking of magic tricks.
We're gonna like wave that wand over Guilty's vocal cords
over his voice box and by about 230
he's gonna sound like this.
Do you think?
It's Guilty's.
It goes to him, huh?
He's gonna sound like Westbrook Van Voorhees.
Who's the one that Boca Brown says
and that bit chicken heck he says ain't no,
oh Ed Hurley,
oh yeah.
You know what commercials Ed Hurley,
he used to do what?
What brand did you say you hate?
What company?
Craft.
Right.
Ed Hurley, he used to do the craft spots.
I mean, many other things.
I don't know.
He is.
Then probably because he ate too much.
Felica.
Any other?
Well, Clogs are right.
20 till two if you have a few.
If you're a cigar smoker,
I'd like to kick back with a good premium brand.
What am I getting shocked up about?
See, it's raining like hell all day today.
And I think that they're not supposed
to clear all day pollutants out of the year.
Right.
Maybe it's spreading them around
like those malalucatries spreading their seed
like the Muslims.
If you're a cigar smoker,
I'd like to kick back with a good premium brand
and be here cigars by Tony Borhane is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made
with the first grade tobacco process
staged up to 10 years.
But here's a real motique cigar maker.
They specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But here go the flagship blind.
It's a 91 rating bicycle.
It's never cigar inside it.
That's pretty damn high.
And 9.1 by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced,
full-bodied Nicaragua win cigars
got earthy hints of dark roast coffee.
Chocolate, spice and pepper flavors too.
Also, if you'd rather be here to say
of the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months,
this one gets a rating a high rating of 91
by cigar fishing numbers cigar insider.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather,
earth and pepper that finishes long and full body
with additional spice and a note of charred wood.
I think you've seen seven of those babies before.
I know I have.
For a South Florida tobacco industry nearby,
you log on to beheascigars.com
or call their toll free number 1-800-35 by here.
That's 1-800-35 by BAHIA.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6 QAL.
For the Sucks.
Absolutely.
Ah, just leave them all with her on the shelf.
Here I see number 1s he's telling a sale.
Women has age, remind them of the cold.
You fairy.
Tom Cruise doesn't like her old.
Did you see Tom Cruise on old ground?
Jumped on the couch and rolled out on the floor.
And two men are sorry and fun gone.
Cause that dude is crazy for sure.
Tom Cruise is getting kind of old
and now he's gonna marry Kaye Holtz.
She was a baby when in the ring of cold.
Tom Cruise doesn't like her old.
Now tell us, don't ever marry Kaye Holtz.
And the silent allergy will see the soul.
He's gonna keep her on the cruise control.
Cause Tom Cruise doesn't like her old.
Tom Cruise is getting kind of old.
Oh, it's been a time he cruise.
What a good segue, huh?
I mean, this is the important stuff.
Forget about her, saw me a moment.
A little bit more, obviously the administration has.
So why should we worry about them, right?
Right.
In addition to what he's talking about,
the tapping calls and all this other about Al Qaeda.
I thought Al Qaeda was a finished man.
I thought we were gonna go and smoke him out of their holes.
Mission to Taliban.
We're supposed to be finished in the meantime.
They're killing all these Canadians in Afghanistan.
What's going on, eh?
I thought we got the job done.
Mission accomplished and we didn't get anything done.
Got the price of oil, goose,
up it's over 73 bucks a barrel again today in New York.
Powerful Hollywood friends of Tom Cruise
rallied to his defense yesterday as a new poll suggests.
The actor's odd behavior,
recent months may have cost him millions of dollars
at the box or office.
You fairy.
Days after his latest movie,
Mission Impossible 3 opened a lower than expected domestic ticket sales.
A USA Today Gallup poll shows
Cruise's star power has dimmed considerably
during the past year in the eyes of the public.
All right.
Get really tired of this very stalact.
You know, given lectures to Matt Lawrod today
and hopped up a now like a Mexican jumping
being on Oprah,
bitching out poor brook shields,
you know, given her song in advance,
running around like some kind of a drug expert.
I'd like to know what kind of drugs he's used
in Mr. Scientology.
What if they hooked the emy to up to his...
What if they hooked the emy to up to his...
That's a major...
Wait a minute, here you go.
Poll of a thousand, thirteen adults conducted
over the weekend in film, open in theaters.
Thirty-five percent of the favorite penny of Cruise,
well, 51 percent and on the favorite penny of Tommy Cruise,
how do you like that?
And all these phony marriages and these phony kids,
he's supposedly making get outta here.
Nobody's buying it, you know?
Right.
Jesus, God.
Pathetic.
That's a major turn around from last year
when Cruise's previous film,
More of the World's Open and the Poll ratings were 58 percent
plus and 31 percent,
negative.
USAID reported that Cruise's popularity climbed
with women was especially sharp,
slipping from a 50 percent favor rating in 2005
to 35 percent now.
A poll prompted a concerted defense by Cruise supporters
who insisted the actress's popularity
in standing is one of Hollywood's most
back-able stars was undiminished.
Yeah, Cruise supporters, in other words,
all the other scientists.
Tom Cruise is one of the most important stars
ever in the motion picked your business,
Universal Studios, President Ron Mayer,
a close friend and former agent told Reuters,
close friend and former agents, that's it.
I don't know, anybody who's had the
consistent success rate that Tom has,
nobody should be counting him out.
Maybe forcing him out but not counting him out.
Dragging him out, get him out of the closet, okay?
I don't know who he is.
Yeah.
Even our Kelly can't get him out.
Imagine impossible three grow out of one of those.
Supporters, towns and ocean,
that the film's initial commercial showing
was a disappointment, citing the $70 million
overseas receipts to generate,
well, not on the room yet.
Just like Michael Jackson took them
a little bit lower, a lot longer to get on to him.
The USA, the USA, they said that many of its survey
responded to that Cruise's behavior during the past year,
including his blunt criticism of psychiatry
and actors, Bruce Shields,
treatment for postpartum depression,
for their waning impression of him.
It's waning at Tom Cruise's house,
who's also became the butt account
of his jokes for his manic couch-happing appearance
on Oprah last May to declare his love for homes.
I love her, you believe me?
No.
No, we still don't find it, you faggot.
Get off the couch, check ass.
But one associate of this book,
I'm Condition Man, an in the middle who values his life,
said any star has to be careful
about the persona projected off screen,
and Cruise may have become too free-weeding
while promoting his last film
in the midst of his high profile,
phony courtship of homes last year.
Like I told you before, it is a better chance
he might go after shy lot combs than Katie Holmes.
I mean, you know, talk about you,
you're pushing too hard by the scenes,
talk about just trying a little bit to,
yeah, anybody buying it?
It's like Bush would his business about, you know,
all of his BS, about just to find a war in Iraq.
Here every couple of weeks they come up with some news
out of anybody buying this one?
How's this trial balloon?
No, not working either.
Same with Tommy, man.
And then the fact that they coerced them
in a nacho and an episode again in South Park,
what does that tell you?
How are the conversations if they're with Paramount?
All I can say is that, that, that, that, that,
that, exactly.
Right.
Just a facts man, that's all we want.
That's what Jack Webb would say if he was still alive.
There's another TV show that's never been made
in a movie.
Whoa, that movie didn't really.
That's a lot of hell.
What's the top?
I find it easy to pretend the movie never happened.
Okay, but we were talking about that the other day.
People have all these other TV shows and series.
This is that they, Adam's family,
They make a lot of movies and the movies are big.
I was thinking about a bomb a grande man.
They suck.
And of course in those movies, the original cast members,
first of all probably most of them are dead anyway,
but they're never in those movies.
Right.
Now probably the exception of that would be if I know
that the guy with the eyes, your close personal buddy
that likes to come and see you at all your appearances,
he probably would go to see the Partridge family movie
because they're all still alive.
Right?
Yeah, they are.
Surely Jones and David Cassidy and what's her name
with the Susan Day and doing it Danny Bonadoucci.
How about you, Danny still in the closet too,
when surprised me, different closet though,
than Tommy and John.
Tommy John.
In fact, maybe that's what Danny needs is Tommy John.
He's a torture host now, Danny Bonadoucci.
He's a lot of things.
He's an idiot, is what he is.
Never did he get into some kind of a deal with some hooker
or something, they all do as soon as later.
Yeah, he had an issue.
He had some issue, you know, they were trans,
vestite, hooker, people were probably in any Murphy region.
He says, his story is he got her home
and didn't like what he found when he opened the package.
And so,
but he can't get a refund.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-L.
It's day-oh, Miami Town.
W-W-U-A-L.
Jumper the couches.
He's mayor of the grouches.
Talking about science,ology.
You fairy.
He's very in Katie.
Clueless Shoei.
Who I've been used to love by I-G.
Tom Cruise has got to be the king of booty mill.
That's a booty.
When he talks now, do you expect us to fall?
Tom should go get in front of the body.
Because his mind has turned into purple clothes.
Been lost in a black hole since he split with the cold.
He's getting crazy here by the day.
He's been left to cover since he'll run hover.
The goal of the way just breaks hills away.
Tom Cruise has got to be the king of booty mill.
Life for sex seems straight to the cycle wall.
He makes scooby claims and calls mad law or bad names.
The arrows.
He's simply out of the score.
And by a thing, he's got issues.
Anyway, I just saved a little bit of time.
The secret service is covering up the details of White House.
Releasing altered records that omit visits already acknowledged by the White House.
It's stupid if he asked me.
The secret service records made public yesterday.
They were convinced the White House was twice in the past five years.
The White House has admitted three other visits.
The White House has been in the past five years.
The White House has been in the past five years.
The White House has been in the past five years.
The White House has been in the past five years.
The White House has been in the past five years.
The White House has been in the past five years.
