Mercat f***ing bow!
Oh she's there, sweetie!
Watch it now, watch it!
I'm about to die, I'm about!
Another member is dead, this is Mr. Bade!
Who won't you hear a tanker?
What the hell did we do?
You keep this wider, we are hanging!
That new fortune will be pushed into the booty!
Pushes into the booty, the merciless is right, the loser is right!
Pushes into the booty, the merciless is right!
A precious booty!
Here's your right, Mary!
Through a home to a house!
Stop with all these matters!
And she was back to say...
Pushes into the booty!
Pushes into the booty, the merciless is right!
Pushes into the booty, the merciless is right!
Watch it now, watch it!
I'm dying on the ass!
Ten more dead people in Iraq, anybody here?
Anybody keep in track?
Okay, just checking, it's a 10-0-1, we better talk fast!
Right, we've got those Hurricanes, maybe if they win today, we've got the pregame,
Hurricanes warm up with the beast at 11.30, and then the Canes in Clemson,
Atlanta and the ACC tournament at noon, and if Miami wins, they play Duke tomorrow at the same time!
Let's hear it for those Canes!
Come on, let's go! 400 points today, easy!
In fact, that game inspired me to do that pool today about college, and it doesn't have to be a sports thing,
because obviously the lobby of hate sports like boys, like George, but he probably still hates somebody on that pool.
Do you vote for anybody?
I told you, I put Bob Jones University on there, because I had both produced university,
and I was like, how's your team doing?
Yeah, oh man, what's their deal?
Okay, let's get with it.
Who is the US living politician you most admire?
We did a good pool yesterday by the way, George, and that's where I was mine.
That's right.
See, I left it with a nice pool there, but I'll tell you.
Well, it went further to the pool.
Oh, brother, do you ever have anything else?
I'll know, yeah, I've never had a root canal, I guess that's the worst what people say.
That's what they say.
And there was no pain, I got a great dentist here.
Even the injection, the needle with the anesthetic, or not, usually there's a nasty sting, you know,
and it kind of like shake your report, it's your blood.
Yeah, but there was no pain.
And there was also no pain during the, just incessant drilling, all in a half a minute,
and there was my head in the pool position.
Yeah, that's right, that's what it felt and sounded like.
I mean, it couldn't feel it, but your head, all the way to your brain,
and he stuck a bunch of pins in there, and he put a couple of needles and pins.
Who in the US, celebrating politician, admire most, we have 1792, built Clinton, 580,
nobody even close to Bubba.
Let's bring him back.
Come on, forget about the ice princess, let's bring him back.
None, they're all Quirks 399.
Jimmy Carter, 123, good old Jimma.
John McCain, 95, Barack Obama, 64, and Russ Fine, gold, 64.
There's a good ticket for you, a Jew and a Dark Guy.
Howard Dean, 63, Rudy Giuliani, 57, how sad.
Dennis Cassins, 55, he did pretty well for a little guy.
I hate this pool of 50.
George W. Bush, 47, 2.6% of you people out there ought to be horsewhip.
Jesus, God, the politician you most admire is this lying sack of crap
with blood on his hands all the way to his armpits.
Man, Al Gore, 38, Ted Kennedy, 38.
Now that's quite a commentary that there are more people in this audience who have admire.
George W. Bush is opposed to Al Gore, Ted Kennedy.
R.O. 21, R.O. 21, John Murthy, 18.
Oh, you guys must have added that.
He added the cup purple.
Hillary Clinton, 18, Dick Cheney, 14.
Dick Cheney, 14, that I dick.
Elliot Spitzer, 12. Watch out for him, he's dangerous.
Al Sharpton, 9, Condoleezer, 8, Condoleezer, Chuck Hagel, 7.
The Republican with balls, John Edward, 7, and John Kerry again.
Bringing up the rear, it was...
That's him, that's him, that's him.
Five votes, America, they like their waffles, but they don't like waffles.
You like waffles?
Yes I do, especially belching waffles.
Let's see, what do we got going on today?
Join Q&A Van from Noon to Two, and they will be...
Oh, I told you.
This is the last one that I'm told for this series.
We'll be Noon to Two, the grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts,
located in 1925, northeast 2nd Avenue in Miami,
step by to win prizes, set up to win a thousand dollar Advanced Auto Parts Shopping Spree,
and pick up your above three, man.
Not third, man.
See these in T-shirts, 20 bucks a pot,
but benefit at Van and Pat Rescue for a lot of deal.
FYI, Miguel says, I will not be calling Josh with updates.
That's good.
I mean, just because the ball game will be on, we won't be here.
Sounds like nitpicking to me.
When you say?
Yes indeed.
Okay, well, plus there probably won't be anything to update anyway.
Well, it's our location, 1925, northeast 2nd Avenue in Miami.
It sounds like our crowd, isn't it?
Just like that one the other day.
Although I don't think it makes a difference where we go,
the way things are going.
We couldn't even get a thousand there at the Shell Station,
Barrett & University.
Right.
Well, that's our chief.
And of course, Josh Cordis came up with another 40 bucks at Bernie Coast,
our stay-couse, you have a nine on Tuesday night?
40 bucks.
Well, I'm here with a guy who stopped by with his credit card,
went home and bought one online immediately.
Well, so let's assume maybe, in fact, maybe a little whole bunch of,
maybe he was going to spend like 500 bucks.
Well, here's the whole total including the online line,
yes, today.
When we got 14,395.
And today's Thursday.
So, I don't know, is that good or bad?
I guess it's not too bad.
If I was going to be 50,000, we got a shot.
It's all good.
It's not too bad.
That's right.
Now here's today's pool, an honor of the Big Canes game,
which we hope like crazy that they win because if they do,
we can know the short show tomorrow.
They'll make a real short week for me.
Although I'd be honest with you,
I would have rather been on the year yesterday than the dentist.
Yeah.
Well, not that there was even the slightest bit of pain.
There's a difference between pain and discomfort.
Right.
And you talk about discomfort.
Man, man.
And they put this, this like, I don't know,
like a cotton block on the other side of your mouth
to keep it right open, you know?
I never had that before.
That's a rubber block.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
I thought it was the red rubber ball they stuffed in Joyce's mouth,
the same one.
But anyway, so they stuffed that in there.
And you're like, you know, you're a predator.
And then you were the assistant,
keeps reaching it with that thing to, oh, brother.
It's a raky torture.
What college or university just flies the most?
That's our fine pool question today.
We have 560 females.
Now, it could be a sports thing,
but it doesn't have to be just like you would that aim.
What is it?
What is it?
How about a Royal Roberts University?
Okay.
Let's get that on there right away.
I almost said,
I know.
Notre Dame 166 is, that's who I voted for,
despise their sports teams and spider-brakey Quinn.
I despise the university.
I despise touchdown Jesus.
I despise the whole mentality with that thing, you know?
And I despise the fact that NBC gives one college team
its own network to show you how the religionists
are running the whole universe.
How come Michigan State doesn't have its own freaking network?
How come Michigan don't have a network?
Why come TCU don't have its own network, right?
Notre Dame, well screw you guys, okay?
Screw Brady Quinn.
Well, Notre Dame 166 University of Miami 91.
Now, the interesting thing to me is the Hurricanes beat the Gators
and FSU and even Bob Jones, at least so far,
by a good margin.
They got a respectable second 91.
I hate them canes.
And I think for a lot of the same reasons with Notre Dame,
you know, the whole Blu-noose crowd
that run in that place in Donut, Shaleili,
who's spending her time as president of the university
telling them to jacks out on.
Don't leave school and go to the pros.
Stick around, we need to win some more ball games, you know?
This is exactly what you expect the president of that university
to be doing, spending her time with.
Gators, the university of Florida does 64.
Gators, Bob Jones University 59, FSU 59.
The Seminoles.
I think that would have been higher once upon a time,
but we kind of like feel sorry for them, at least so much to.
They're weak.
Especially that Bobby Bowden.
He's had so many personal tragedies, including the birth of his son
years ago.
Terry Bowden.
None 33.
See that, to me, you know what that is, that's really boring.
Can't you, I mean, are you really that boring 33 of you?
Yeah.
They can't work up a list.
Some intenseness like for, you know, anything.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Iowa State 29.
I hate this pool 24.
That's the only way I hate to pull a crowd.
Yale 11, Harvard 9, Michigan 8.
Oh, mad dog, he could have been happy with that.
Texas 7, Michigan State 5.
Well, that's pretty not too bad.
USC 5, Penn State 3, and, and, and,
and all oral Roberts 2 and UCLA 2.
Why would anybody hate USC or UC?
Well, USC, maybe because they win too many championships in different sports.
And so did UCLA.
Even Joshua members when UCLA was the basketball,
they were the, for a while, right?
Huh?
For a while, not any more.
Well, a long time ago, once upon a time in America.
Here's a cute story to get us started today.
And of course, you folks out of the, the calls will be taken,
we'll interspersed between the stuff, because we only got an hour 20 minutes left.
Let's talk real fast.
With the, if there's university or college on there that we did mention,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60,
Verizon, Singapore, or else on anyway, or not, whatever.
And arguing over a toilet paper overflowed into a fight,
sending one motel made to the hospital, another to jail.
The maids at Ciesta, Motor Lodge, and North Charleston,
that South Carolina, of course, armed themselves with a plunger and mop
after accusing each other of taking toilet paper from each other's training cards.
North Charleston police said,
Dolores Smith 47 is charged with assault and battery of a high-negovated nature.
A magistrate said her bail at 5 grand.
The argument began about 940 last Thursday morning in the motel's laundry room.
The 52-year-old maid wounded in the scuffle said,
Smith grabbed him up and hit her on the arms.
She was taken to a hospital with minor injuries.
Smith said she was defending herself from her coworker's plunger.
I bet you joyst care, you ever seen pointers on how to do that?
How to plunge?
No, the old apple in the mouth.
That's, that's, I, seriously, I felt just like joyst care today,
would it, you say it's a, what is it, a rubber thing?
It is a rubber block.
Try, rubber block.
Okay, stick in your mouth while they're like,
you don't know.
Yeah.
And they just drill in the pressure and it feels like your brain's going to pop right out of your head.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yes sir.
I like to speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, you could add James Madison to that.
I believe that Jerry Farwell's college up there near Virginia, Tennessee, in that area there.
James Madison is Jerry Farwell.
Scott thought it was Liberty Baptist, the church and the college.
You know what I'm sorry, that's what it is.
I apologize, Neil.
That's okay.
I'm sorry, it's Liberty, but I'm sorry.
It's a bunch of right wing goi, that's okay.
Whatever, okay, thanks, pal.
James Madison, our fourth president, shame on you sir.
Remember James, remember Dolly?
Hello Dolly Madison, huh?
I know my president's baby.
I don't know anything else.
I know two things.
I know my harness racing drivers and my president's nothing else.
Although I do know my hockey deals, let's see, we got Geldey on after the ballgame.
Thank goodness, good timing for one summer station, two to four, because even though there's, oh, and if there was 15,196, the Panthers killed out of a six to last night, the 15 part is right.
In fact, if you look on the NHL.com for the attendance, they've got zero, which I think is closer than 15,000.
There was nobody there.
But anyway, today is the NHL trade deadline through this afternoon, a few minor things are going on.
The big one, the only big one so far.
Josie Theodore, lovely guy.
He goes from the Canadians to Colorado for David Abysher.
I'm shocked at that.
At any rate, nobody cares, so just keep moving right along.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM, everybody's going to be gathered around the hot stove in the rated day for the NHL trade deadline.
If you want to see as big as the NFL freaking draft, we're lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for only 9.95 for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to 4 times faster than DSL15, and up to 100 times faster than dial-up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or maybe even watching Osama Morph into a OJ, or just surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Brabs Radio Plus.
And up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few.
And you'll also get macapé security tools included so you can register sure your internet experience will always be safe and secure.
So what are you waiting for is start doing a lot more faster than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months, and you wonder how you've got along without it.
And date call 305 Comcast in Broward 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-Q-A-V.
A fat rich reminds me of my mother.
This is the story of a woman we don't take highly to.
She joined the Senate of position she'd got the same to her.
Her name is Bill Randacutri in 1992.
For she loved to be president too.
She worked in the European Gapal.
For a second, a bound living in the White House castle.
In four years she'll have any election to take time.
Go to the Hillary run.
Go to the Hillary run.
Go to the Hillary turn.
Go to the Hillary turn.
Go to the Hillary turn.
She wins. We're finished and done.
We've got my bubble back baby to help with the Hillary run.
Put bubble in there.
He can run things again.
He can go back in the oral office again.
So, liberty is right. Liberty College is your adjust to Google it.
You didn't?
I take it word for it.
Liberty College is Jerry Falwell.
In Lynchburg, Virginia, underlined the Lynch part.
He's the Lynch pin of the right wing religion this movement.
Anyway, Congress declared it was on Portsville.
Congress said it's first shot across President Bush's bow yesterday.
As the House appropriations committee voted it was very close.
They voted 62 to 2 to block a controversial deal that would allow Dubai Ports world to operate some terminals at US Ports.
62 against and only 2 in favor.
The amendment was inserted in an emergency supplemental funding bill for military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The bill also includes about 19 billion disastrous systems for the Gulf Coast and the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
The whole House could vote on the measures earlier next week.
The committees approval was bipartisan.
Democrat representative Jim Miranda Virginia and Republican Jim Colby of Arizona cast the only NO votes.
How do you like that?
No, I was it. Only 2 out of 64.
Not too good.
Thanks for looking to do it in Chuck Schumer's right now on the Senate.
But they were there having a cow about it.
And speaking of things now, I really didn't have time to go over the if you click on there's a story on our website today.
Abraham Off-Hostomanity Fair by the way I'm sure you must have talked yesterday about the how we found Osama Yomama.
Oh yeah, I'll tell him.
Zidia, no.
You didn't mention it?
No.
On our website?
We found Osama.
He's morphed into OJ.
Oh that Osama. No, no. I haven't seen it.
You never mentioned it. No.
What else wrong with him?
I haven't seen it.
You haven't seen it?
That was put up like days ago by the way.
Yes, but on there for a while and we haven't mentioned it.
Click on underneath the pull right on the pull there's Osama.
Oh, I'd by the way you know in that loose, loose change.
Yes.
One of the most convincing things that one video that was allegedly Osama with a big fat guy and a fat face that doesn't look anything like him.
In fact, even the OJ I noticed looks more like him than the one video.
Not even close.
Are you watching?
Yeah, yeah, it's good.
It's amazing. He's a killer. We know that.
There you go. Good disguise, OJ.
Where the hell did we get that?
That's a beautiful thing.
Didn't come from me.
I don't know where it came from.
It came from Norma Kent.
It's a matter of fact.
Past it along.
Anyway, there's an article on there.
Abramock talks to Vanity Fair from Ross Story, which is rapidly becoming one of my very favorite websites.
And if you go, if you click back to the link, you can't do it from reading it on our site.
I click back to the original Ross Story story.
At the end of the story, Vanity Fair is letting them make the article and the entire article available about Abramock's interview.
And you can just click on, there's a link.
If you go back to it, I'm just telling you that right now.
When I clicked it, the print was so small, you could have had the Montpellin Martelloscope and not written.
But I'm sure that you could do it with that and give it up to speed.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. For those ten of you, they're going to be interested.
So you didn't even mention the...
I love that.
I love that.
And you're bad.
Vanity Fair is set to publish a tell-all interview with this Grace Lobby is Jack Abramoff, noting that his plea bargain sentence can be substantially reduced by cooperating with investigators.
The piece makes much of many prominent Republicans denials of having worked with Abramoff...
Remin...
Oh, brother.
Abramoff reminisces about Joe's president Bush who now claims not to remember him made about his weight training program.
Abramoff also recalls discussing the Bible, Opera and Golf with Tom Delay.
Abramoff also alleges that R&C Chairman Ken Nolman provided Abramoff political favors, including aiding in the removal of the State Department of Official.
Abramoff also claims to have funneled 50 grand donated by clients to a charity he set up the paper of golf trip for himself, Ohio Republican Bob May, and former Christian coalition head Ralph Reed, currently seeking the office of Lieutenant Governor from the State of Georgia.
Reed also once served as Abramoff's projects director.
Crook! The article is supported by images of Abramoff with everyone from Ronnie Reagan to Newt Kingrich, and is preface by two paid spread of Lobby's golfing with Tom Delay.
The Gingrich photo was signed, your friend Newt Kingrich. I have more pictures of Newt than I have of my wife to fall in Lobby's tells R&D Fair.
The article also notes that the photographs taken with President Bush, which are in Abramoff's possession, are the Lobby's sole potential source of funds.
Abramoff says it will be stupid to send him to prison saying he'd rather sweep floors than Indian reservation, maybe with the Mark Lindsay and the Raiders.
Let me teach English history music, he cryptor, let me sweep floors at the reservation, instead you'll be paying to feed me to sit in jail.
And the like I said in the past vanity fair, lawyers have demanded rust or enough predicts from their pieces.
However, at this time they made the entire article available and you can click on that link if you go back to your original story. How do you like that?
Uh-huh. It's just it's a beauty. And for you people after you Bush holdouts, the 2.6% of our audience that admired George W. Bush more than anybody in the Americany pumpkin, it's just mind blowing to me.
Like a famous philosopher, old chicken ex said and I did too. Who are these people? Where are they and where how do we get rid of them?
Man, those are the people that ought to be like being followed around and put away in a rubber room somewhere to keep us safe.
More than four in 10 Americans strongly disapproved of the job that George W. Bush is doing as president, according to the latest CNN Gallup poll.
That's the highest negative of any president except Nixon in the waning months of his presidency. Remember he was waning just like the presidency in Iran?
Just 40% of Americans believe Bush can manage the country effectively. Bush registers a 38% approval rating with 60% disapproval rating. 60%. That's double.
But third man. When Americans were asked to follow up what they strongly approve of disapproval, Bush more than twice as many Americans say they strongly disapproval 44% as say they strongly approve of Bush 20%.
The strongest approval rating is the highest Gallup has measured for Bush by percentage point and is the highest for any president since Nixon during the middle of water day.
Nixon is the only other president to ever register strong disapproval ratings about 40% Gallup polls. He had a 48% strong disapproval rating in February 74 and a 46% rating the days before he resigned.
Oh God. The resignation sounds so good. Then Cheney can be the president while he already is. 49% of Republicans now strongly approve of Bush, the lowest solidarity with Bush by his own party until now, a majority of Democrats 68% strongly disapproved.
For the first time, a majority of independents 53% now strongly disapproval of your president, those of you hangers on.
Who are you?
Two quick things I would add. Number one, Duke University for Bill.
He's building the Humphors not here. They can be really peered.
A lot of people, but you could know that Robertson University can fill you little note about reaching universities down in Norfolk.
But that's where Ralph Reed also worked a long time ago.
Wow. All the gangsters.
Yeah. Number two out here in Los Angeles, USC is kind of like University Miami.
In its sense, it's probably kind of snooty, fold themselves.
And so it's in that way that it successes because a lot of gelz in resentments.
And that's one of the reasons people may not like that school.
On that, have a great year. Congratulations on 30 and keep up the good work.
Mucha Scratchy, Jimmy. You're watching the King of Edas.
You too.
Yeah, we're going to be bisexual and bilingual this year.
We got to get the audience back.
You can tell that they've all flown the coop this week, can't you?
No, Laura. But you had some fantastic calls yesterday.
Oh, yeah. They were spectacular.
No, there was a lot.
Come on. You get the intellectual crowd.
That's right.
Please don't tell me he called you.
No, he didn't. No. Go back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What kind?
We don't want you to be left out.
I would never.
We don't want you to feel I love where is the love?
Where is the love?
Okay. Now, don't you listen seriously.
I mean, we still are doing bits.
Oh, you know, you better get a instead of doing some of these measly bits.
And he would just get back on the most of it.
He doesn't need to be here for us to do that.
Oh, and also speaking of other people that are on the air or not going to be very long.
Which we don't have time to play on air.
Did you talk about that Sid Rosenberg thing?
The guy called me on.
No, it didn't.
Huh?
I just took it out of the machine.
You're not going to want me to play it. Are you?
No, no, no, no.
Guy called. No, because I almost went into a coma while I ever played it.
Man, anybody that ever complains about this show.
I got news for you.
Ron Bennington, Dreadlocks and all.
Somebody taped that.
Well, he's on X, amazin.
That is correct.
Oh, and I sent us a clip at a show where Sid Rosenberg, Stahlstein,
whatever his name is from the Crossless Street called in.
And it was like sucking around to get on X, am, and sucking those guys like crazy butts.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Oh, and you guys should have made a big red deal when I left them when I got fired.
And you guys didn't support me.
Who is the other one's...
Oh, Oprah, you're the other one's...
Oh, Oprah and Anthony.
Oh, my God.
Just pathetic.
So, you know, not a good idea to be calling them on air.
Maybe just doesn't care for like two bucks an hour, you know.
I don't think he'll be around too long.
Sid the kid.
And he was going to be the Messiah.
He was going to be the...
He was going to be there asin the whole as they say in America, as Eli Wallach would say.
You are my asin the whole.
In other words, asin the whole.
654 votes.
What college are you university?
You just spies the most.
Come on, let's...
You know, you're going to have to hold back for whatever reason.
Maybe your mother-in-law went there.
Notre Dame 181, University Miami 99, Bob Jones University 73, a bunch of Barbissa Goyam.
Gators, UF or is that FU 70, FSU 63, none 39 boring, 39 very boring people.
I hate this poll 31.
Ohio State 31, the Buckais.
I think it's still the ghost of Woody Hayes hangs over that whole deal.
Yale 13, Harvard 10, Michigan 8, Michigan State 7.
Come on now.
What's not to like?
Texas 7 or Robert 6, USC 5, Liberty College.
I think it's Liberty Baptist and making a difference.
Liberty, it's Jerry Falwell.
Four, Penn State 4, and that ancient Joe Paturno just turned on 140.
UCLA 3 and Duke just went on there.
Boy, the hopper's going to be re- and of course if the Cains win today,
if we just know they're going to do it, it's Cains in Duke 1130 pregame tomorrow.
We love those games.
We love those games.
Cain Amara is 562 A.S.
Say cheese.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
This is what he would do.
He puts a bowl in the basket.
That's what he's doing.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he's doing.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he would do.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I'd do.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
And…?
They push the ball in the basket. That's what he does!
That what I do puts the bowl in the basket! That what I do puts the bowl in the basket!!
Ah! Ah! That's what he do! He puts the ball in the basket.
The situation is, he puts the ball in the basket.
He puts the ball in the basket for the organization! That is my take, not what they do.
That what I do puts the bowl in the basket! That what we do!
What I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I be do.
I put it over here.
Put the bowl in the basket.
What do we do?
Put the bowl in the basket.
The wheel is 110% to put the bowl in the basket.
That's what they do.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh yeah, if you're going to put the bowl in there,
might as well put a little bit of that smear a little bit of it.
Maybe very bonds can use it.
Oh boy, I guarantee a Josh Cortis is jumping off of that bandwagon.
Real quick off that bandwagon.
Yeah, that very bonds band.
In fact, that would be a good pull for you guys to take one day.
Next time we go to the dentist or the doctor or something.
When I croak, what bonds do you like best?
Bobby bonds, Rest in Peace, very bonds, Gary U.S. bonds, U.S. savings bonds.
How about Gary U.S. bonds?
Gold bonds.
Gold bonds is good powder and that foot powder.
Yeah, stocks and 5.
5.670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
What color do you need?
You just spies the most.
I thought we'd have a whole bunch of these, but then again,
they don't want to talk to me anymore.
It's just the way it's been this week.
You know, I think it's like the cutoff at 30th anniversary last week.
Now, what's the cutoff point?
And now it's like they're giving me the cold shoulder for a while.
You know, we could tolerate you for 30 years,
but now it's like, wow, you're going to have to warm us up a little bit.
Yeah, warm this.
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello Q.A.M.
Mama, baby.
Now that was good, when it's special.
I liked the fact that whatever they only said,
you're in a few years and you can't dump it.
Huh?
The faster they talk, the less you see.
Oh, I never knew that before.
Sure.
It's incredible.
Look at that phone, baby.
They are smoking.
Well, once that four minutes, the lake catches up.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
James Bond.
James Bond.
Yeah.
I thought you said that.
Oh, sorry.
I showed you.
Sorry.
Oh, James Bond.
He's still getting the bond stuff.
That was like two minutes ago.
Come on.
Keep up with your palies.
James Bond.
Oh, my God.
You people are something.
How about Ward Bond for all your old folks for chicken?
Now, can you remember his Ward Bond?
WQ.A.M. Hello.
That's the best one so far.
Now we have a couple of good ones.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Buffalo.
Oh, my God.
My heartfelt condolences, man.
Yeah.
Well, things are...
Things are shutting the breakup.
The Indians took over a six-crack house, turned them into casinos, the people are gambling
away all their money.
Good.
I tell you.
It's rough.
Kind of crowd.
Yeah.
It's rough up here.
Yeah.
I will forget this.
I do watch your channel, too.
I thought it would, so it's at 5.30 or 5.
I wonder if it'll sound.
Yeah.
Well.
Let's see.
What's the weather guys' name?
He's good.
Don.
that's something rather
don't call
that would never trust a guy with two first names but he's good
now he's got baby little eyes
yeah don't feel like i said don't trust him
but it but you guys the weather there i'm only 120 miles away from you guys and
whether there is orin it's like brutal
you know that but i mean now it's just unbelievable
i'm hoping same Patrick state turns out all right for these iris thinking
out there and do their drink in and without you know
any accident on the road
i'm just going to stand on and now i know why they
give all they have polish folks in buffle after where there's white size to go
bowling because there's snow after their knees anyway so
yeah oh i know the bowling proliferation and the the drinking
the town i'm telling you if it that's why you got a drink so you can forget about
taxes
mhm but i enjoy the show when i get down there a couple times a year and uh
one day i'll get down there hopefully for good
no state income tax
oh you mean Florida you're talking about yeah better you than me pal
okay from bus and i'll see in cheek to log guys that
you have to go see in fredonia and the few
fredonia is a good good party and hamburger get the track
yeah that's right say goodbye pal
tractor week take care from buffle goodbye
john Nichol says Vermont town meetings vote to impeach oh this is such good news
i mean just a start you know there has to be like a little start somewhere
a single Vermont community is called from impeachment of president bush turned into a
chorus to the night with town meetings all across southern want echoing the
demand the congress actor move the president
yes as had been expected voters in the town of new fame where the movement began
endorsed impeachment by a resounding margin the paper of all vote was a
hundred and twenty one to twenty nine for the resolution that declared
whereas George Bush has one misled the nation about a rex-weapons of
mass destruction two misled the nation about ties between the raccox and al-Qaeda
three use these falsehoods lead our nation into a war on support by international
law for not told the truth about american policy with respect to the use of
torture and five has directed the government to engage in domestic spying and
direct contravention of u.s. laws
therefore the voters of the town of new fame ask that i represent it to the
us as a representative file articles of impeachment you move in from orifice
the surprise came from neighboring communities were inspired by new fain's
example citizens demanded that third time meetings addressed the issue as well
at least three other Vermont towns
dumberston marlboro and putney named of course after michael putney a channel ten
voted for impeachment resolutions to tonight
dumberston and putney and floor votes while marlboro voted by a paper ballot sixty
to ten for impeachment and they rolled a paper is up for the marlboro man
made some good smokes dandy waltz elected member of the new fame town select
board to start the process when he drafted an impeachment article and
placed on the official agenda for the annual time meeting
celebrated the grassroots of old against your approach even the grassroots don't
like him soon or later and his administration's a healthy side democracy is
still alive at least in Vermont in the u.s. presently there are only a few
places where citizens can act in this fashion and have a santernation is it
Vermont what's not to like about them they got been in jerry's right right
you know i don't think i've ever been in Vermont
neither my life neither dore near it i think i may have driven through it no
no i take that back a minute for mods one of those very few states i never
been in and thinking about that makes me want to go to why again
not to Vermont i mean there's my p year uh...
burlington may be another city of Vermont real quick i can't no it's just now
it's like Wyoming although i guess you know it's more civilized in Wyoming but
and there's just nobody there well that's good that is good in fact uh... you
know we we can send all the uh... you know got massive shoots in new york
connecticut road island main let's have all living and breathing people are good
states and we can like take all of them red next to one south korea line
and all those other yahu in my omen and you tall that's a good place for me out
the koda don't even read would be to have what about north koda that too
nothing there yeah i think that you know we don't have to it doesn't have to be
official we've already got like a semi-efficial civil war going on forget about
Iraq we got one going on this country in your country excuse me ten forty one
five sixty w two and when you're shopping for shoes immediately the name that
are pop into your mind is brandy's in pump it obi japan talking about brandy's
and raven about them for years because there's nobody doesn't better that's
why they're still around while the others have gone by by every major brand that
you know what love is waiting for you at brandy's it unbeatable prices they
got a fantastic selection rock port for shim echo
mothisto s a s new balance all the other top names as well as for arney when you
win arney will make damn sure you get the perfect fit of the right price at
brandy's and even if you have big fat feet brandy specializing wide woods as
well so brandy's worth your trip from just about any place in town don't forget
they have that unbeatable combination comfort style fit value you can't beat their
prices and selection so always think brandy shoes at 1290 nor federal highway in
pump it obi brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday's till nine Sundays till five
and this week again this week says brine schmutz it's a great time to buy a new balance
of brandy's all great men's and women's brandy new balance style start 10 to 20 bucks off
this week so be sure to get into brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website
at brandy shoes you see that's what happens when you have tooth work and you know that'll
do it like that like i said on the web at brandy shoes dot com take your time this is a meal
like always
The dead must die.
Oh yes, we may be dead us, but Burt will hide his way.
Oh, but we will make you die.
Oh, we'll be pretty men, for such a long time.
With the Burt's thrive, heavenly oldies.
I ask you what would be safer than an unchecked ranger
With the two caves, by my foes.
You might too might be the star of the foes.
And when you die, you may not be as old as a foe.
You might not be the star of the foes.
When those bombs next close, or two five, we will make you die.
Oh, thank you for 91.
When we now go through all the other high,
and sketch wonder and we were given to the farthless fool,
eight women, a dress every day dies.
We'll change our minds and it won't be hard.
You might have a few days to come.
Stay tuned for the soonest first week on that new,
so for you by we will make you die.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm 20 and at 5.60 W.
We have to talk real fast.
We got the Hurricane Warlock 1130 with the beach.
I beg your pardon?
Nothing, we're talking real fast.
Oh, helping.
And then we got the U.M. in Clemson from the ACC tournament
in Greensboro, South Carolina, North Carolina.
At noon, South Carolina, North Carolina.
Actually, Greensboro is where the Carolina Hurricanes started.
Okay.
And then they moved to Raleigh and they still don't draw flies
even though they're best team to leak.
Oh, speaking of hockey, Josie Theodore for David Abyssure,
that's the big news.
Trade deadline of three, so we got Geltie after the basketball game,
a perfect day for him.
He'll be talking about the Amesure, the trade deadline.
Which nobody cares and stuff for, but nevertheless,
at least we'll be doing the right thing.
Mad Dog 4 to 7, Curtis 7 to 10, and he cades 10.
That's it.
That's the deal.
10 roll.
Now remember in loose change, I'm sure you do.
Yes.
All of that business about flight 93.
Yes.
Well, you're going to like hearing this.
Did you read this yet?
It's on our way.
But yeah, but I love Ted Raw.
We post his comics, his cartoons all the time.
Need your flyers, the legend of the United Flight 93.
Ready?
Strike yourself.
I'm ready.
Fasten your seat belt.
On the first anniversary of the crash of the United Airlines Flight 93,
Homeland Security director Tom Ridge, delivered a speech
at the set of the disaster in Western Pennsylvania,
faced with the most frightening circumstances one could possibly imagine
he told grieving worlders of the passengers and crew members
aboard the fourth plane hijacked on 9-11.
They met the challenge like citizen soldiers like Americans,
he said.
He resided in an out-of-the-mid-year story of passengers learning
by phone about the attacks on the World Trade Center in Pentagon,
deciding to fight back and breaking into the cockpit
a heroic act that led to their own deaths whilst bearing countless others in Washington.
The terrorists were right to fear an uprising, Ridge refsidized.
The passengers and crew did whatever they humanly could,
boiled water, phone the authorities and ultimately washed the cockpit
to form the attack.
Ridge's boss repeatedly used 9-9-93 to close his standard stump speech,
calling the passenger we've all the most vivid and sad symbol of them all.
George W. Bush said, people are flying across the country
in the airplane at least they thought they were.
They learned the plane was going to be used as a weapon they got on their telephones.
They were told the true story.
Many of them told their loved ones goodbye.
They said they loved them. They said a prayer or prayer was said.
One guy said, let's roll.
They took the plane into the ground.
The legend of Flight 93 had everything a nation caught with its pants down,
needed to feel better about itself.
Guts, heroism, self-sacrifice.
Best of all it was marketable by Hollywood and by President
willing to surf on a kind of heroism notably absent from his own life.
The actual release of the second United 93 will be a schedule open April 28th.
Lisa Beamer, what of the passenger credited with the call to arms let's roll,
wrote a best-selling book by the same name, applied for a trademark on the expression
and is now working in the christianist lecture circuit.
The christianist lecture circuit.
Actually, the 9-11 commission found the evidence indicates that what Todd Beamer
or somebody else said was not let's roll, but roll it,
possibly referring to an airplane service card that passengers may have wanted
to use to break down the door into the cockpit.
Too bad, roll it certainly sounds less cinematic and more like a book about cinematography
than let's roll.
I say it all the time.
Roll it.
Big fat one.
The first indication that government officials were covering up the truth about the United 93
came with the refusal to make public for cockpit voice recording, the CVR.
Releasing CVR's after crashes long been stated practice.
Pilots last usually profane utterances and become a cliche.
Yet the FBI stone wall victims roll it is from months after 9-11.
While we empathize with the grieving families assistant director John Colley would
wrote one, we don't believe that the horror captured in the cockpit voice recording
were consoled them in any way.
And yet if the tape contained inspiring proof of the passenger revolt and its success,
it would have been one hell of a lot more consoling than Tom Ridges or a Thorey
why not release it.
Finally, after seven months of political pressure, the FBI allowed the United 93
relatives to listen to CVR.
The feds told the families not to reveal what they've heard.
They said the information on the tapes could possibly be used in the prosecution
of the alleged 20 of hijackers, a Carious Missile way, and anything that we say could
affect the case in a negative way said the brother of one of the victims.
Though they studied the recording, the 9-11 commission found zero evidence that the
passenger revolt succeeded that they made it into the cockpit and his bush claim
took the plane into the ground.
Tom Kean and company offered an only conjecture.
The hijackers remained at the controls, but must have judged that the passengers were only
seconds from overcoming them.
Must have.
At a time when work can be justified by waving around a bottle of fake anthrax on TV,
must have as judged to be adequate proof.
Another eyebrow raising portion of the official account of Flight 93 states that
the passengers in Flight Crew began a series of calls from GTE earphones and cellular phones
after the hijacking.
Ever forgotten to turn off your cell phone during a flight?
I have.
Try it yourself.
Cell phone calls tend to drop when you're driving at 60 miles an hour.
Paster jets travel up to 10 times that speed.
Moreover, there's zero signal unless no ability to place a call above 8,000 feet.
Flight 93 on route from North to San Francisco at a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet.
Drops 700 feet when it was hijacked at 9.28 a.m.
Cell calls, not likely.
The Bush administration has alternately claimed that the White House then the capital,
and finally the White House again was the target of Flight 93 hijackers.
Sure, it's possible at the same terrorists who didn't know that New Yorkers don't start working
till 9.
The World Trade Center was struck at 8.42.
Wouldn't have thought to check Bush's schedule to find out whether he'd be home that morning.
But if the White House was the objective, why not hit it first?
After all, if Bush had been home in the news from New York first broke,
he would have been worse to wait to dictate the secret undisclosed location.
If the government doesn't know what the target was, they shouldn't say that they do.
What happened in the United 93?
There was almost certainly a past year uprising that it's achieved probably not.
The 9.11 commission says that at some time between 1010 and 1015,
Dick Taney ordered the Air Force to shoot down the plane, which had turned east toward Washington.
The plane had already crashed at 1003, but the regional air traffic control center in Cleveland asked the FAA,
where the military fighter jet should be dispatched at flight at 936,
giving Air Force more than enough time to intercept before the fatal plunge in the field of change.
The United 93 shot down despite the official story.
Local media accounts offer evidence of that possibility.
The September 13, 2001 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported, for example,
in a morning briefing, state police major Lyle Zepinka confirmed that debris from the plane
had turned up in relatively far-flung sites, including the residential area of Indian Lake,
two and a half miles from the crash site.
Flight 93 headed down, rolled onto Westback and crashed, leaving a smoldering crater.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette again, Indian Lake Marine Employee John Flegal said he climbed on the roof of the maddened cabin.
Tossed down a burning seat-crested landed there.
By Wednesday morning crash, they began walking ashore at the marina.
Flegal said there was something look like a ribbone amid pieces of seats, small chunks of melted plastic and checks.
Seats and bones don't fly two and a half miles from a crash.
Their location could indicate an initial explosion, such as that from a missile hitting a plane.
If the Air Force did shoot down Flight 93 to protect the Capitol,
it was the only time my 911 was since that the Bush administration has done anything to keep America safe,
whether they were concerned about being second-guest, or for the financial health of the airline industry,
we'll never know.
We do know that they'd become knee-jerk liars, even covering up the rare occasions when they do something right.
Perhaps they don't really know what happened. They're a so-they ought to say rather than promote more fairy tales about Flight 93.
The passengers did try. The only thing that takes away from their heroism is Bush's lies.
So now that's a furious Musawi's been convicted, where's that tape?
It's alright.
How you like that, especially after having watched a loose change?
You know what?
Raising all of these down.
All of these down.
Speaking of doubts, how about that Barry Bond? I don't want to dwell on this.
I'll leave it to the sports nerds. Oh, by the way. WQAM, hello.
Not there. Okay, like I said.
Well, I'm trying to interspers one right here.
And we only got like 35 minutes for crying out loud for Christ's sakes.
How's Judas doing, by the way?
Who Barry Bond's exposed, beginning an idea with injections in his buttocks,
a wind straw, a powerful steroid.
Barry Bond took a wide array of performance enhancing drugs over at least five scenes in a massive doping regiment
that grew more sophisticated as the years went on according to Game of Shadows,
a book written by two San Francisco Chronicle reporters at the forefront of reporting on the Balco
steroids distribution scandal, a book that Josh Cortes will be reading from cover to cover, pillow to post.
I guarantee you'll be more repeating than that Jose consucco book, I sense you.
I sure hope so.
How many pages, how many words did you read to that?
About 30, man.
32, many.
An excerpt of Game of Shadows that details Von steroid use appears exclusively in the March 13 issue
of Sports Illustrated, which is on the newsstands now.
The book's publication date is March 27.
I'll be grabbing that.
The author's Mark Feinauro, Wata, and Lance Williams describe and sometimes day-to-day drug-by-drug
detail often and deeply bonds engaged in the persistent doping.
Doping, the old Ropodope.
For instance, the author's right there by 2001 when Bond's broke Mark McGuire single-season home record of 70 by
Belting 73, Bond was using two designer steroids referred to as the cream and the clear as well as insulin, human growth hormone,
testosterone to canoate, a fast-acting steroid known as Mexican beans, and tremble on.
I still are created to improve the muscle quality of cattle.
Mexican beans, all do we wish for those days when we put a little sound effect or two in there with those Mexican beans?
How about this mean-
How about that?
This is your imagination.
Just take a little bit.
Ooh, must be the Mexican beans.
This is the Neil Roger shot.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
You do, you do, you do, you do, you fail.
Any question?
That's our ungrateful.
The Guantanamo banding tension camp, the place to many of the built-by Hellenburg, who United Nations wants to close.
Bush administration says, no, they will not close.
Into the bend, get home, there's commemoration in charge of torture.
I'm a little bit...
I just set them.
Actually.
I should wonder.
Who that?
My question will be tougher than usual.
I hope you'll have thick skin.
I'm wearing my new skin suit, made of body parts.
Mommy.
So, how's it going for you today?
I'm looking for a reason just by...
Mommy.
Mommy.
Have a nice day.
Yes.
Sussing.
You booze out and dump the tenies in water.
It's called the waterboarding.
What you do that?
It puts the basket in the lotion.
Mommy.
You know?
You resemble that guy who plays the police.
I'm not that show-in.
It's a monk with a totally end-only...
You watch monk your hand stunk.
Coming up this hour.
Luzab.
And then painting.
Whereup with the CCI border.
And it's done everything.
Speaking of Luzab, I made a new Luzab span.
For me to be even watching Luzab's is so bizarre.
Because like a month ago, I would...
Two months ago, I'd said,
Hey, Luzab is one of my least favorite people in the world.
And somebody would like to put a porcupine on his hand.
I didn't know his name from any of the others.
You'd hear bands, you'd out on the ocean or any other.
But now, I told you it was like about two or three weeks ago on a Friday.
And all of a sudden, he went through this epiphany, whatever the hell that means.
And he got religion.
And he was visited by the ghost of the Christmas conscience.
Neither that or what's his name.
There was an Christmas hero.
What was his name, Alistair Sim?
Okay.
Remember that?
Yes, I did.
And anyway, whatever the hell happened in all of a sudden, he just has gone nuts.
In New Delhi, today, President Bush signed a deal giving India access to sensitive US nuclear technology.
The deal is being hailed as a very important arrangement between the United States and India.
The US will receive access, by the way, as a result of turning over that high nuclear technology to India.
The United States will be receiving Indian mangoes.
President Bush, eager to expand trade with India.
Today, agreed to share our civilian nuclear power technology to help India.
Mead it's growing, energy needs.
In return, President Bush hailed an expanded trade agreement between the two countries.
The President said, and I quote, the United States is looking forward to eating Indian mangoes.
And the quote.
All right.
New Japan mangoes.
What a hell of a deal.
Even you couldn't make a deal like that.
That's right. We certainly don't have any mangoes down here.
It's everywhere.
What was your floor to mangoes?
Who don't want that?
Come to the QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Call me?
Call me.
Come to the QAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you left two of U.M.'s rivals off your pole.
Yes, sir.
Cup take you and lollipop tech.
Oh, no.
That's a joke.
Somebody have to drop me a diaphragm at that.
You can always save it to allow me to get rid of your board.
Yes, sir.
So they play a lot of girls' schools.
What's that got to do with a pole?
Okay.
Is that got anything to do with a pole?
How about a long beach state?
How about that?
Cup take you, my ass.
God.
Oh, I'm telling you, man.
You folks are about as funny.
And by the way, Sid Rosenberg, Cranso, was on XM.
That is the world's best.
Although it doesn't spare me to play.
What, how is it?
Look at that.
Can you think what's going on here today?
What'd you do?
I just hit the wrong thing.
Well, this is what happens when you're in a big hurry.
Okay, but he's damn sticking ballgame.
Let me tell you something, pal.
Long Beach State, the girls' school.
Yeah, Cup kick you.
Mama, what color do you university do you despise the most?
Notre Dame 201, University of Miami 106.
Bob Jones University 100.
Because they're so far bison.
Gators, UF 84, FU, FSU 69, NON 48.
I hate this pool 44.
Ohio State, they're not so great.
The Stinking Buck guys 35.
Did they win the National Championship?
It is.
Well, they really lost.
Yeah, exactly.
They handed them the game.
Shame on you people.
Yale 15, oral Roberts 13, analization.
Harvard 11, Michigan 11.
Oh, no, not Michigan.
Since Tom Brady left there, where you turned on them again.
Liberty 9, it's Liberty Baptist.
It's a Jerry Falwell's fine institution.
Michigan State 7, seven people pick it on a poor Spartans.
Texas 7, USC 5, Penn State 4, Duke 3, and UCLA 3.
Out of 775.
Cupcake you and I.
W.W.A.M. Hello.
W.W.A.M. Hello.
W.W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
YouTube, George.
Yeah.
That thing about flight 93, that was really, I read that last night on the internet.
Right.
And it just brought to mind, like, every tortured explanation this administration has,
that they had proof that proof that they were doing the right thing, wouldn't they show it?
Yeah, that's right.
Like with the voting machines.
Everything is a cover-up, yeah.
And it just goes on and on and on and nobody, I don't know, I don't know what that.
We've had a bloodless coup in America and the public has sitting back watching American Idol and talking crap.
We had a coup with everything.
The only thing was missing was the tanks and the troops surrounding the White House and the government buildings.
Right. That's correct.
And if you say that, my own brother barely speaks to me anymore because I don't support my nephews on his way over to Iraq right now
and they're all gun-ho about it.
No, brother.
I don't know how we came from the same family.
You know, I want to tell you about the best thing about all these ball games on your channel.
It's when you switch over and you say it's time for Miami Hurts.
You can hear all the radio stations and stuff.
Oh, it's a radio booster, man.
Make no mistake about it.
Have a good day, Neil.
You too.
Thanks.
It's a really radio booster, but you know something we have to balance things in life.
Everything like a bill balance used to say or our former general manager was unbalanced.
You know, everything in life is the in-and-the-yang, the in-and-the-out.
Right.
And if we have to balance between getting a real short show and getting a lot of here in 1130,
which is like 23 minutes away and possibly doing it again tomorrow or, you know,
or not having to find ball games on, we'll take the soft less work more pay that's our motto.
As far as the ratings are concerned, I mean based on the calls this week,
I would have probably get like a one-share in the next trend.
So we'll be okay.
Join QAM today from noon to two for the grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts at 1925,
Northeast Second Avenue in Miami.
It's got to be something.
I can't say the word on a year.
Stop by to win prizes.
Set up to $1,000 Advanced Auto Parts, Shopping Spree.
Pick up your about 30 man CDs and T-shirts for 20 bucks a piece to bet that I've been in pay.
Rescue.
I guarantee Miguel will be mobb, he'll be swamped with his people.
Not our people, his people, out there.
Great room in the Miami Hero Reds.
I just don't have time.
It's a good thing we're not getting like inundated and flooded with cold.
Nothing in a one-hander like ringing off the hook too bad.
Fred Grimm in yesterday is here on Election Official Hammer for telling the truth.
You can't tell the truth.
Oh, there's that lunatic rum scroll.
Pentagon Corresponding.
Everything is the media's fault.
That's right.
You guys just won't talk about the good stuff.
People are still alive in Iraq.
Is that Ion or Ion?
Ion.
Ion.
How do you pronounce that guy's name?
Ion.
Ion.
Negative.
I'm sure.
Ion, Sancio, maybe a hero in California,
we're grateful election officials have verified the serious security vulnerabilities
in die-bow voting machines that the Leon County election supervisor
on cover last year.
Sancio's regarded a little differently in Florida.
Florida Secretary of State, Office of the Spirit Sancio's finding, demonstrating
considerably more interest in propping up vendors than protecting elections.
California, allow by Sancio's report, dispatched its independent
expert-laden voting system technology assessment advisory board to conduct its own investigation,
Florida, meanwhile threatened the Sue Sancio.
When two of the only three voting machine vendors certified into business in Florida,
other potential competitors are showed up.
Refused to sell new machines to the trouble making Maverick from Leon County, new machines,
the state staff's 564 grand and grant money away from Leon County, for freeing to meet a deadline
for you guessed it obtained new machines.
He may be a hero in California, but messing with money to interest makes him a pariah in Florida.
California's voting system assessment board issued a report last month
that cited in the very first paragraph Leon County's security tests.
Sancio had dispatched renowned computer expert Harry Hurstie, a Finland attempt to hack
Leon County's die-bowl voting system and guess what? He did.
Hurstie demonstrated that somebody inside the supervisor's office could both alter the outcome of an election
and erase any trace of his meddling.
California's follow-up investigation absolutely vindicated Sancio's concerns since David Wagner,
University of California computer scientist, and remember the voting machine assessment board.
A report found all of Ion Sancio's concerns were valid and in fact worse than anyone realized.
We got bad machines, Ma'an.
Last month, California quickly issued a series of fixes for the holes in the system.
On Friday afternoon, the Florida Secretary of State's Orifice set out the same California security directives
to county election supervisors.
Of course, there was no mention that the California findings had been available all along right there in Ion Sancio's
Tallahassee Orifice.
This is incredible how he's been treated by Wagner's Center Monday.
He's the leader, everyone else in the nation has been watching because of the investigation we've been able to strengthen security
and protect the voters of California and Florida.
Wagner noted instead of getting credit, Sancio has been savaged.
One vendor canceled his orders at the last minute, one refused to sell him machines, the third one returned his phone calls.
Salesmen are suddenly too busy to sell machines.
The state rather than react to possible collusion promptly canceled his grant and threatened to sue him for failing to fulfill his official duties.
A couple of Leon County commissioners have joined the pummeling.
It's been a rough few weeks since you said Monday nearly in tears.
Wagner suggested that Sancio's situation exposed a weakness that no one has realized up to now.
Florida apparently doesn't mind if its only licensed vendors refuse to sell their products to certain supervisors.
Can a vendor punish someone who exposes defects in their product Wagner asked?
If they can drive out Ion Sancio, this is going to have a chilling effect on election supervisors across the country.
He emailed Sancio.
I just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that some of us are grateful for your dedication to election security.
Even if the state of Florida can't bring themselves to thank you.
In my mind, Wagner added, you are a real hero.
In Florida, says Fred Grimm, real hero is just catch hell.
This is me who runs for the correct justice is 5.69.
Good nail. It's going to be a vote of it.
This weekend on access Hollywood.
George Michael, you were busted over the weekend for drug possession, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What kind of shape were you in?
Yeah, I'm a man on a tree.
And what kind of drugs?
The cops wanted to bring you down to the station.
What did you say to them?
So, innocence or guilty?
Anything else you want to say?
No thanks. I don't swing that way.
Thanks for the interview.
Go to go.
1170 weekend on access Hollywood.
Okay, cut off back. Go have another day.
12 to 13 minutes until like the pregame.
I would have beast hurricane warm up.
Gold canes, baby, if ever we rooted for you.
I got my arms crossed and my legs crossed.
And I'm star crossed and star Jones.
Oh, wait a year this.
Bird flu hits weasel like animal in Berlin.
Okay, he's alive.
Did I get it?
The H5N1 bird flu virus has been found in a stone martin, a German laboratory study out today,
and it came to disease spread with other species of mammal.
Although, see, once we get to the end of the story, they just try and desperately to get everybody into a panic.
First of all, this H5N1 bird flu virus has been around for 10 years.
There has never once.
There's not one single record of case of human to human transmission.
So in other words, if you don't eat disease birds, you're probably going to be okay for the time being.
The Fragvik Loflur Institute confirmed the presence of the virus in the martin, a weasel-like animal,
found in the island of Rogen, in the North Germany on March 2nd.
Rogen, is that like a rocon?
Okay, the animal's sick and apparently that's where you don't know your answer.
You better get with it, man.
Rogen, by the way, means smoking.
Does it?
Yes.
I don't know what that means.
The animal's sick and apparently dying was found in the Winnofairy area of the island.
Dufairy!
Where casted birds have been found with the disease.
It was then killed by government veterinarian in the Institute said that a scabrid last month that the virus had passed from wild to wild.
Birds to cast on a roogan raised concerns about the disease's ability to spread.
Infective cast have also been found in Austria.
Oh, I wonder what John Gieres thinks about that.
I held goose to his death all the way up into the Alps.
The presence of an H-H5N1 infection in the 2nd NM species.
He's not surprising till a backhouse, the regional minister of Bretoncotus said,
cast and martins have a comparable prey spectrum.
Cast and believed who caught the virus by eating infected birds.
So the martin ate a bad bird.
Eat a bad bird, you're going to probably die.
You're going to be a real sick and probably die.
Oh, speaking of dying, I don't know about you, but I'm getting really, really tired of very, very wealthy millionaire sports owners.
Threaten and we're leaving. We're packing.
Oh my God, see ya. Goodbye.
Are you threatening me?
I'm trying to think of what across the camera I was telling you today.
How much it cost to build the sky dome here in Toronto many years ago.
I think it was 600 million, I'm not really sure.
It was several hundred million.
It was the stadium with solar, Rogers cable, Rogers wireless.
That's why it's the Rogers Center now, which is a horrible thing.
Why couldn't it just be the Rogers Skydome?
But anyway, for 25 million.
And that was public money that they used.
Talk about a rape of the public.
And of course it turned out to be a white hearing.
Nobody wanted it.
So now they sell it for 25 million.
The San Antonio official trying to lure the marlins presented the team with a proposal yesterday indicating as much as $200 million in public tax dollars could be raised for a ballpark.
And a two-page letter of the marlins.
Baxter County Judge Nelson Wolfe said 240 million could be generated if County of voters approved extending the hotel or metal card taxes that were raised to pay for the AT&T Center for the San Antonio Spurs if voters approved it.
Of that, 40 million would be reserved for improvements to the AT&T Center.
And by the beat for the move, they'll be about, again, just all they're doing is they're like, they're trolling out there.
Like a bunch of old trolls. That's what they're doing.
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
Anybody want to give us a stadium?
