portions of our show are brought to you by Arthur creature's pride road kill
because good meat shouldn't go to waste and now back to our show.
Space the final frontier these are the voyages of the starvation enterprise
my goodness what's that from now spot analysis please it is a nothing based
guess unknown origin so it didn't come from you no captain to supply and
deny is not logical phones what do you make of it oh damn it Jim I'm a doctor
not on a raw-mouth purpose Scotty can you beam this order off the bridge I
can't do it captain I need more matches this is all go to read a
look check up over the windows increased the the what mine said faces of
corporate
that's something I really thought about before my life what do farce smell like
on other planets well let you know what I get there that's something
probably what a farce smell like on Uranus for example oh bad green anyway
well look at this you know I wish they would make up their mind I don't want to
make it light it's a horrible story the thing about the omnisphere to keep
changing the number on there yesterday during the show they said there were six
girls dead yeah then they changed it back to three then this morning if I
got a story to back up to six now it's back to five I guess they're like
having a tough time telling who's dead and who's alive you know I guess they're
dead now no seriously now it's back to five I don't I don't anyway sure hope
captain Harris wasn't on that plane you see what happened this morning opalaka
no what cargo airplanes get it off the runway opalaka airports this morning
officials that Miami International confirmed it was an accident but nobody got
heard I guess you might call this the flight from a hell the airplane the DC7
took off from the airport about six o'clock this morning but hydraulic forced
it back to opalaka just minutes later then upon returning the aircraft fully
loaded with fuel skid it off the runway multi-problemia how do you like that
three people were bored but nobody was injured it was an accident but nobody
got hurt the commercial flight was believed to be run by Florida air
transport I sure hope that wasn't what a cancer and Harris was on what she is so
misunderstood you know it's more so than marked fully 1622 votes on
yesterday's pool how many games will the dolphins win this season who cares
470 90 has said that almost 30% or 79 who cares they're gonna well
193 people said to win six I was trying to be very generous that's what I
voted screw the face 189 screw the fish what kind of a sentiment is that
of course I might came up with that on the pool right 180 people said the
win five hundred and sixty three people said they win four which means three
more 78 people said seven sixty six people said they facial win eight oh yeah
61 said only two sixty sixty people said three 42 people said super
ball all right well there will be a super ball just that they're not going to
be in it 36 said I hate this poll a 2.2% 27 people said they're gonna win
nine games yeah right likely story playoff 16 uh-huh 15 people said they'd win
10 or dozen people said that often so over the level which means 10 and 2
and last four games any chance of that you're whatsoever none and five
bastards said they're only gonna win one which already won that one which means
it would lose all the rest of the game is the whole season we just put that
on there at the end this kind of a tease and of course some of you five people
bid on it they bid they jump right down on that baby oh chavis says cash
are ready to die oh sorry Cuba leader for now cash toers live his life and
is ready to die Quinn de Venezuela in prison Hugo Chavez during a recent visit
to Cuba Castro tells Chavez I already live my epic I can die I'm free to die
not you you're a slave of life Chavez has made several visits to see
female since his intentional operation Castro tells Chavez that he's
recovering but Chavez says that recovery will be slow because the illness is
serious oh my god the Nell's condition is treated as a state secret in
Cuba recovery will be slow because the illness is serious he be ill and not a
shame not yeah it's an only croak finil oh sorry and speak out of that
Paisos D.S. Junior will resign today as president of the Miami-Herald Media
Company and publish from the Harold and El Nuevo Harold I don't want to say
that some of your old green tooth people really raised the ruckus when when
things happen but they sure as I'll do this action comes in that a widening
controversy over payments accepted by some El Nuevo Harold journalist for
participating in US government broadcast on radio marty and TV marty the move
which ends a challenging and sometimes tumultuous 14 months as I don't want to
stop for this most visible and influential institutions is effective
immediately not sooner David Landsberg who served as general manager takes
over today is company president publisher of both the Harold and El Nuevo
Harold in letter to readers D.S. said the company's reversing course and will
grant honesty to the two El Nuevo Harold reporters and freelance
contributor who were dismissed on September 7 when the Harold reportedly received
payments under contracts with radio marty and TV marty he also said that an
internal probe to terminates six other employers of the Spanish language El Nuevo
Harold received payments from radio marty and TV marty during the past five
years no discipline reaction will be taken against them none of the nine or
anyone else the company can accept any money from the US government run broadcast
is in the future the offset and conflict of interest policies will be
strengthened throughout the company but he's out Jesus is out how do you
like that David well so they have to young kipper for quite a lot about time
he got with it and it goes on and on and on a great length of story and of
course there are some people created a big simous about that obviously the
Harold cave then to people who hate them like boys anyway that's what I find
most amusing is that you're old green to people who got them dancing on
like on a string like a bunch of puppets yeah editorial in the right wing
sun young moons washing in times resign mister speaker says the facts of
the disgrace of mark fully who is a republican member of the house from a
Florida district till he resigned last week constitute a disgrace for every
republican member of congress red flag a flags emerged in late 2000 for a
five perhaps even earlier and suggestive and holy inappropriate email messages
to wonder age congressional pages his abhorrent predatory and possibly
criminal behavior was an open secret among the pages who were his prey the
evidence was strong enough long enough ago that the speaker should have
relieved mister fully of his committee responsibilities contingent on a full
investigation to learn what had taken place whether any loss of been violated and
what action up to including prosecution awarded by the facts this never happened
representative john chimches of illinois the republican shimmer the house page
board said he learned about the fully email messages in late 2005 representative
john bader of whole higher leader the republican majority said he was informed
to email messages earlier this year on Friday mister haster disemble to put
it terribly before conceiving that he too learned about the email messages
sometime earlier this year late yesterday afternoon haster insisted he learned
the most frequent instant message exchange from two thousand three only on
Friday when it was reported by abc news this is irrelevant the original email
messages were warning enough that a predator and incredibly the co-chairment
of the house committee on missing and exploited children could be prowling the
halls of congress the matter wasn't pursued aggressively was barely pursued
at all more over all available evidence suggests that the republican leadership
did not share anything related to this matter with any democrat now the scandal
must unfold on the front pages of newspapers and on the television screens as
transcript of lube messages emerge and doubts are rightly raised about the
fourth right this is republican stewards of the hundred ninth congress fourth
right my ass some democrats are attempting to make this a republican scandal
and they shouldn't democrats have contributed more than their share of
characters in the totally history of congressional sexual scandals sexual
predators come in all shape sizes and partisan hues in institutions within and
without government when predators are found they must be dealt with forcefully
and swiftly this time the federation republican and republicans can't simply
get ahead of the scandal by competing to make the most noise and calls for a
full investigation the time for that is long past how speaker has to must do the
only the right thing and resign as speakers ship at once either he was
grossly never didn't for not taking the red flags for you to account ordering
a swift investigation for not even remembering the order of rentally new
up to last week's revelations or he deliberately looked the other way in hopes of
that a brewing scandal would simply blow away he gave only answers right into
the old and ever relevant questions of what did he know and when did you know
it mr. has to it is forfeit the confidence of the public and his party and he
can't present over the necessary coming investigation and investigation must
examine his own and it performance a special one-day congressional session
should elect a successor we nominate representative Henry hide also
who know I wonder how that guy was to feel about that
the chairman of the house international relations committee who's approaching
retirement ensures that he no longer has a dog in this fight he is a long and
principal career right and is respected on both sides of the aisle mr.
hybrid preside over the remaining three months of the hundred nine congress
and matter best suited for a fully exhaustive investigation until a new speaker
for the 110th congress is like in January who can assume responsibility for
the investigation that's yet a trial from some young moon and the right way
washing in time step down mr. has to let's stick Henry hide in there and play
a little hide and seek with somebody else's wife yeah like that poor guy in
western hide the what hide the weeny God and incredible 64 people on our myspace
calm that's not too bad huh excellent and I'm speaking not too bad I'm going
back to bed because we not only have a thousand votes on today's pool already
we got over 1100 1103 and boy did a lot of people read that story Josh that
you put on her yesterday around 10 30 I told you they had to they need a closure
I think I was used to it always sick and be to see that because I worry that
parents out there are gonna you know feel that there it's not safe to send their
kids to the page oh right 1103 votes on a baseball which which of these
best described marked fully pen a file 319 all that was in turn here and
sister is not but nevertheless hip-hippa-crit 276 pervert 123 great
republican 112 there's a little sarcasm in those votes are not you think
possible crazy fag 79 stupid 63 man stupid stupid stupid idiot jerk who's
marked fully 54 people 4.8% speaking at stupid and jerks I mean how can anybody
even maybe they're all honest and voted there of course how could they have a
computer if they don't have a TV set a bar with old troll 37 mark fully was a
merry old troll don't call a merry 37 I voted that old troll 40 14 desperate
nine careless nine and I hate this poll only eight 0.7% but we haven't had a
poll like that with that low of a I hate this poll in in a long time in a
raccoon's age you know it indeed very long time in a mccaca age
I said in a mccaca which is taking all this as a matter of fact I think he's
in one of the stories later on well we got a whole bunch of stuff I got a big
pile we got over 1100 votes already and we'll try to figure out how many
dead girls around that story a horrible story in Amish country they're in
Pennsylvania but they keep changing the number on us fine what do you think that
means that they didn't know and they were opening up the mouth anyway well I
don't I just don't understand I mean it's it's fine you sure yeah positive positive
bet Josh's life on it was three yeah I will six two dot over these here it says
gunman killed six and rampage sorry was six then it was three then it was four
then it was six again I was back to five they just can't make up their mind but
they got a real good grip on it that's what my school he said to hit a good
grip on a boy is writing all in emails
the biggest name so best to be a sazm
sports radio 560
you're a bastard
hey I'm Rachel Ray coming up next on the Rachel ratio I'll show you how to
make a seven-course meal and six easy steps how to retire a bathroom the best way
to choose a moderately priced wine vacation shoes and don't but we'll take a
look at the hottest shoe styles discuss the situation in dark for make a fantastic
photo album check out the latest developments in fatulence plus reappostring chips 101
ways for the Pope to say sorry and I'll show you an easy way to win or I
want to talk about Tom Brady who he's on the gas of CSI teach me
around to come cross and very not only James Carville cut the stars hangin
rich and press rich little lost a little Richard a little house on the
prairie reunion Dan rather first lady Laura Bush with a special
match on literacy and Dr. Joyce brothers will talk frankly about ADHD and
adult hyperactivity disorders plus Jack can't stop by with 37
breeze and Miracast it's all on the next Rachel
18 to 560 WQM let's see it's the Tuesday we got you on Kipper out of the way
now so we have the hump her back and also well let's read was not in the
situation room yesterday yes he a bubbled word on last night with your good
buddy mr. suspenders and colostomy back for he is just so pedantic yeah is the
secretary of state and the secretary of defense do you know anybody who speaks
like that just just him the secretary anyway just to give an idea of how
difficult this keep track of this amish story
injuries devastating realization once you were able to begin to identify and
have the parents realize what it happened anyway here's two stories both from
the Toronto star website the earlier one gunman killed six in rampage and now
the one that just came out Amish school tool rises to five see what I mean I
mean I understand it's hard to count that high but nevertheless meanwhile on
Friday afternoon the strategist the representative Mark Foley tried to cut a
deal with ABC's Brian Ross the correspondent who I dozens of instant
messages that Foley sent a teenage house pages had asked interview the photo
Republican Foley's former chief of staff said the congressman was quitting and
that Ross could add the information explicitly if he agreed not to publish the
raw sexually explicit messages oh my god I said we're not making any deals Ross
recalls he said the internet made the story possible because on Thursday he
posted a story on his ABC webpage the blotter after a painting one milder email
that Foley had sent a 16 year old page asking for a picture within two hours
former pages and emailed Ross and provided the salacious messages the only
question then was says Ross whether this could be authenticated and it was
obviously and now we know what's going on but we still don't know what happened
in San Diego a passive statement an instant message conversation with a teenage
page might provide investigators with a damn piece of evidence suggesting
criminal behavior in the case of a Mark Foley according to Ross story that
instant message exchange from 2003 contains the following teen where did you
go this afternoon uh Foley I'm in Pensacola had a catcher plane over the
course of several pages of dialogue that conversation became extraordinarily
graphic and included several direct references to master patient techniques and
frequency discussion of the child's penis size and even the congressman's
explicit interest in sexual contact with the boy however back notching is
Pensacola Florida location Foley may have offered evidence of his violation of
Florida state law which says any person who knowingly utilizes a computer
online service internet service or local bulletin board service to seduce
solicit lure or entice or attempt to seduce solicit lure or entice a child or
another person believed by the person to be a child commits a felony of the
third degree in the day since the extent of Foley's transgressions were made
public question to the reason about how much information how is your public
and leaders hand about the Florida congressman's sexual proclivities critics
on both the right and the left pointed out that ABC news was able to obtain
the instant message conversationally days after learning about the less
explicit emails house leadership in order about those same email since 2005
among the harshest critics is David Vossy had the conservative group citizens
united he told the right wing publication human events speaker hashtard had
knowledge of congressman Foley's inappropriate behavior and chose to protect a
potential pedophile and powerful colleague over a congressional page
mister hashtard should resign immediately he said other instant message
conversations between foley and unraged boys do not contain clear indication
of the congressman's location and ambiguity that make confused with flaws
applied to him raw story will continue to search for evidence that is where
about the time of those online sessions you know I mean by sessions yeah
both kind now this really this just not my socks off and you know me I don't
socks Stephen Elliott who writes in the smirking chip yeah he says Mark Foley is
just a victim Matt Roger in a monster inside the Republican machine that's
the highlight and there's a picture of mr. Edgewood at silly head on
uh-huh him mr. Edge you ferry Elliott writes I got in trouble once for calling
Matt Roger first class scumbag at the time I thought maybe I'd gone too far
let my emotions get the better of me I like to give people the benefit of the
doubt but it turns out I hadn't gone too far it turns out Matt Roger is a scumbag
of the worst kind the kind that blames the victim of sexual abuse Matt
Roger actually refers to the children who were preyed upon by Mark Foley at
16 and 17 year old beasts he also says the pages were talking about how many
times they'd masturbated how many times they'd ended with their girlfriends this
weekend all those things in these innocent children and this poor
congressman sitting there typing oh my gonna get any you know this poor
congressman what we're seeing here through the prism of the lone sexual
predator is the monster inside the machine first you had the Republican
congressional leadership so power hungry so desperate to hold a seat in any
cost they cover Mark Foley's tracks for at least a year the revelation of the
cover-up is followed almost immediately by the right-wing message machine with
Fox News's Brithune comparing Foley to Bill Clinton and John Gibson trying to
equate the current scandal to previous house scandals more than 20 years ago
Bill O'Reilly tries to make Foley's actions just a byproduct of Foley's
homosexuality Matt Roger takes all of this to a deeper darker place
than perhaps it's logical conclusion Matt Roger likes the Republican
leadership and the Fox News commentators is so single-minded and addicted to
power that he's willing to blame the children themselves this is how upside
down and wretched their world has become they blame the children for actions of
the adults and it's no different from the mindset that blames other
companies for our failure to find weapons of mass destruction a mindset that
cannot ever accept responsibility it's just more obvious one has to believe
that the right-wing media falling all over themselves to protect their
masters will also suffer from the credibility of their squandering so
recklessly I have to believe that even the most dedicated did ohabble
hesitate to believe that it's the adults that need to be protected from the
children after all Republican Congressman Mark Foley did try to actually meet
with the youth after all what's law in order if we can't protect our children
from those who would abuse them and adults who want to look away while children
are abused of guilty of or guilty of abuse themselves right Stephen Elliot
you go to the side says that the kids were the victor or the whatever he said
well maybe he's experienced such victimization who knows what kind of
circle he hangs with me that Mark Foley are a type maybe that's why he's coming
to his rescue I don't know what kind of circles jerk you ferry
Doug Thompson writes a long congressional history of protecting sexual
predators how do you like that in Doug Thompson article you go Dougie which I
think I'll do after the break why don't I like and do a hard to do this in the
middle of a Doug Thompson piece in a favor of the Doug Thompson articles oh yeah take
a time with it no portion of wine get it right get out of town right let's see
how many votes we got on here gonna have a lot 165 already there in the sky's the
limit today I'm not even predicting the sky's the limit we could do like a
million do you think sure especially if that's a story still there what stories
that you know you know the transcripts of the cat room that was on yesterday's
website we have only 871 people who read that it wasn't even on there as of a
10 20 yesterday and then we Josh stuck it on here about 10 30 I think you
hear about there 24 hours later I'll make you a part and keep it up at the top
is it up at the top that sounds like one of the email messages that was sent
from Mark Foley keep it up let's see is it at the top no it's not at the top
anymore in fact they're the one that I just read Mark Foley is just a victim that's
a number two but it's still on there isn't it yes we're gonna well well I have to
search for it scroll down and no million stories pulled them by the hand and
spoon feed them stuff okay in fact George come me and reading some of that
stuff yesterday and I wouldn't be the least bit surprised you're gonna be
spanking for later on today
uh-huh speaking of that we got let's see the mad dog 2 to 4 power our hand
can the mad dog be either 4 to 5 no yom kibble today no Jewish holidays
Humper solo 5 to 7 and it's guilty 7 to 10 o'clock tonight wow including the
panthers preseason special from 8 to 9 and the answer is no in your Florida
at 8 AM 10 o' République from the
biggest names in the
You're not everything. You're fair.
Looks like he's from much in the land.
How did he get?
Years like that.
That.
Where did the love get in the rain?
All in the air, there's a chocolate face.
How did he get?
Who is my best?
Who is my best?
Looks like he's different.
How about it?
And you are sad.
We be on the trouble.
Is my best.
Yeah, and now it's time to end this song.
Like if this is going to end.
We can still have a picture.
Is like that.
I look in here with a simple head.
I remember all the rocks and threads.
Who is my best?
Who is my best?
Who is my best?
Who is my best?
That's what we need to watch for.
Look at the engine and do do well.
Maybe this is the October surprise.
The Republicans weren't expecting.
I think it was a surprise.
The Iraqi court trying to postpone the verdict.
The possibility of calling some witnesses.
The court is due to convene October 16.
It's like two weeks from yesterday for the first time since the
New Year.
The five judges consider the verdict against Sodom and the seven
co-defendants on charges of crimes against humanity for a crackdown against
Shiites in the 1980s.
Sodom and his co-defendants face possible execution by hanging if
I'm going to be in the charges connected to a crackdown on Shiites in the
town of DuGel launched in 1982.
And it goes on and on.
And of course the thing with the emails man goes on.
I bet there's going to be a lot more salacious stuff before this week is out.
I don't think it's got to be.
I know I sure keep looking for them.
Put them on the website and get 80 million hits.
I bet you will wind up with more than the thousand people reading that story.
If we can have a $8.76 right now, Mark Bowley instant message,
chance with congressional page for me yesterday's website.
876.
We put a story on there about something that's non-sexual, something important like,
you know, the world is going to blow up in six weeks.
We had like 200 people read it.
Wait a minute.
You said non-sexual and important.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, you know, since we had to take those pictures off our wife said we don't have
to beat a curtain anymore because we don't want everybody to go to jail.
Since we had to do that, it's, you got to put some on there.
It's got like some good, the four letter words in it.
So at least though, in sex in it, we could change the headlines to all those stories that you post, you know.
That's true.
And Conway, David Dixon.
Thanks so much for your time today.
Thank you so much for arguing about nothing.
Now let's see.
Oh, here's Doug Thompson, though.
You interrupted me from reading like several minutes ago.
A year ago, a speaker with a house, Denny Hansard knew the GOP had a problem
and it's missed right, Doug Thompson.
Representative Mark Foley, a popular Florida congressman who played a key role in the Republican Party
struggles to hold on to power in Congress, was soliciting sex from young male congressional pages.
We got to play that song by the birds, my back pages, don't you think?
I looked for that yesterday, I didn't have it.
On my back pages, Foley's fondest for young boys was no secret in GOP circles like other members of Congress
with known perversions and sorted sexual habits.
Foley's doing a little secret, finished second to political considerations.
All they had to do was keep the scandal under wraps until after the next election.
But Foley was caught sending erotic emails to underage boys in the congressional page system
and the matter would come to life to represent they've rotten the Alexander Republican Louisiana sponsor of the page
and received the emails from the congressman.
Hansard met with Representative Tom Reynolds in New York Republican who chairs the National Republican Congressional Committee,
Reynolds admitted this weekend that he and Hansard had known about Foley's problems for months.
Rodney Alexander brought to my attention the existence of the emails between Mark Foley and a former page
of Mr. Alexander's Reynolds admitted over the weekend.
Despite the fact I had not seen the emails in question and Mr. Alexander told me the parents didn't want the matter to pursue,
I told the speaker of the conversation Mr. Alexander had with me.
Although Hansard met with Foley and told him to cut out the emails and stay away from the pages,
he did not notify the Capitol Hill police or any other law enforcement agency that Congress had a sexual predator in its ranks.
Rodney directs the House Ethics Committee to open investigation into Foley's behavior.
He didn't even tell the congressional page board the oversight group charged with keeping safe
the teenagers who come to Washington working Congress.
He tried as happens all too often to sweep the matter under a political rug
and hope that nothing would become public.
Foley has to, it says, promised to cut out the emails but instead he kept sending messages
not only to the page in question but to others.
Hashtag needed Foley because the loss of any Republican seat threatened to party's fragile hold on Congress.
He gambled he could keep the scandal long enough to maintain GOP control of the House.
Congress has a long and shorted history of protecting sexual predators,
other wrongdoings in its midst.
In the early 1980s, Republicans knew representative Dan Crane, Republican of Illinois, had a fund as for a young woman,
and tough circulated on Capitol Hill that he was vetting a female page.
Over on the Democratic side of the aisle, representative Jerry Studz, Democrat of Massachusetts,
preferred boys in his party tried to suppress stories about his affair with a 17-year-old male page.
Both scandals hit the fan in 83 resulting in censure of both members on the floor of the House
and reforms of the paid system to provide more security.
Crane, who cried and asked for forgiveness from the House colleagues, lost his reelection bid in 1984.
Studs, however, refused to apologize and declared his homosexuality in a speech before the House.
He won reelection easily and served several more terms before retiring.
Democrats controlled the House in 83, and 82 the speaker of the House, Tip O'Neill, had received numerous complaints about Studs' behavior,
along with the report request at the Ethics Committee, investigated Representative Barney Frank,
whose boyfriend ran a gay prostitution ring out of the Congressman's Capitol Hill townhouse, O'Neill refused to act.
A few years later, DC Viscop's arrested Frank's boyfriend and charged him with prostitution.
House Republican leader Robert Michael also failed to act on complaints about Crane.
It wasn't the first time he failed to act on the warnings about members of his own party.
In 1980, Michael ignored requests to do something about Mississippi Republican John Henson,
who admitted during his campaign that the year he had been caught exposing himself on the grounds of two E.O. Jim Memorial,
in Arlington, a popular gathering spot for Gays on the Proud.
In 1981, Capitol Hill police got Henson performing oral sex on a male employee of the Library of Congress
in the House Office Building Batroom, like Foley, Henson resigned in disgrace.
Congressional leaders learned nothing from the scandals.
Michael would later be told the problems with Ohio Congressman Buzz Lukens,
and dismissed the complaints until Ohio Courts conducted the Republican Lawmaker on charges of sexually molesting a 15-year-old viral.
Capitol Hill police also lost an investigation to charges that Lukens fondly female elevator operator of the Capitol he resigned from office in 1990.
On the Senate side, Republican leaders for years ignored complaints about Senator Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon,
complaints about his unwanted sexual advances toward women began to surface in 82,
but no action would be taken until several victims, tired of waiting for official action when public in 1992.
Packwood finally resigned in 95 after the Senate ethics committee finally opened a formal inquiry.
So it's no surprise that leaders of Congress still knew everything in their considerable power to protect their own
from laws that govern the rest of America.
It's the nature of the beast called politics, right, your buddy Doug Thompson.
In other words, all the perverts all the time, but a big deal that they can cover it up.
So how many girls died in that horrible thing in Pennsylvania?
Five. You sure you're positive, huh?
I have a report for you.
Yes. I have to break this in that Joe Gerardi was fired and there'll be a press conference at two o'clock that we'll be carrying right here.
All right. I'll write that he was fired, but I mean I'll write that we'll be carrying the press conference.
And it's a dang good thing. I guess they know their stuff over there with that organization, you know,
I was in a new in their baseball, but they know when to put that on the air because we're certainly not going to interrupt this show to put on some stupid Marlon press conference about something that we already knew a long time ago.
Didn't we do that once before? Yeah, we did do that once before.
When one stat got named coach of the dolphins, there are sorry, got canned one of those deals.
By the way, how do you like the statement era so far? Oh, man, what an era. Maybe it was an era in hiring him.
So Joe Gerardi gets thanked for the fantastic job we did for making the Marlon season really exciting and getting him back into contention for the vial card.
And you're out your fire, but we knew that we knew it was coming. Everybody knew that. Yes.
So where's he going? He's going back to the cub. Some of the cubbies. Yeah. Oh my god. Are you serious?
It's what I hear back to the scene of the crime. You remember those days when he was he was a platoon man with Damon Berryhill.
He was left handed here, Berryhill and the Gerardi was the right handed to him. And then Zimmer would platoon the two.
You remember those great days of the Cubs, don't you? Oh, yeah. Well Gerardi was a turret as a player, but.
Oh, link. Oh Neil Rogers is right. The Cubs suck. Amen. 1041. Maybe Joe can turn them around and then get canned again.
Pompadot Park Racing and Poker in the American Cancer Society are holding a think pink night for breast cancer awareness this Saturday, October 7th.
Come out and see local celebrities and lead the Lurescar from Fox TV 7 plus Harnest drivers Bruce Ranger and Wally Hennessy.
How's it going, Wally? How's it going? They'll all be competing in a bicycle race down the stretch followed by an auction their autographed bicycles plus Bruce Ranger's driving colors and a golf outing with Hall of Famer Wally Hennessy.
For a $5 donation to the American Cancer Society, patrons are eligible for free prize drawings, including a three day two nine vacation for two with airfare to the Alec Capricacino in Black Hawk, Colorado and lots more.
Admission in general parking, of course, like always is free at Pompadot Park Racing and Poker post time 725 in the PM.
The smoke free poker room is open noon till midnight every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Don't forget all this activity coming up this Saturday, October 7th.
Think pink night with a celebrity's only at Pompadot Park racing your poker. If you want more information on the Pompadot Park schedule call 954 972 2000 or on the wicked web, just check out Pompadotpark.com.
The biggest name of the best talent like this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560, QAM.
Hey, I'm not for the panthers already. When the hell lose the baseball season, we get anywhere.
I'm Johnny Knoxville. And I'm going to set myself on fire.
Jackass number three, the final chapter of the Jackass Trudetree.
I'm Ben Margera and this is freestyle woodchip for diving.
Woo!
Jackass number three, from zero IQ pictures.
I'm women on top of his face needle. And instead of a parachute, I got a backpack full of cooking utensils to run them on.
I'm Steve O. I'm going to guard the lightest mood.
Shabby's nuclear warhead to my back and wrestle a mountain lion, man.
This dance will perform by professionalists who will not be returning, which I've cast from before.
1046, 14 to 11 at 560.
The most exciting news is that the only joke you can do is to go by the panther of the marlins.
This is a long press release on the panthers.
You know what it is besides something else?
Sunrise sports entertainment.
The Florida panthers are in the 560 WQM, the flagship station for the panthers during the 2006-07 NHL season.
Once again, the place to set your radio dial for complete coverage of the panthers and everything hockey.
The hockey season, by the way, the official NHL season starts tomorrow night.
The panthers in WQM, most one of the most expansive radio program.
Do you realize the panthers play here next Monday, October 9?
Are you excited about that? You think Jolie will be calling me up and offering to take me to dinner to Ruth Chris or something like the night before?
What are you going to?
I beg your pardon?
So what are you going to do?
What to dinner?
Panthers in QNB, one of the most expansive radio programming schedules in the NHL.
The amount of in-depth and diverse shoulder programming is second and under the NHL.
While the broadcast duo play by play man, Steve Geldie Goldstein and Kali Kama, a color commentator,
Red Deer, a silly ass Randy Moor is why to consider to be among the best in the sport.
Oh man, holy mackerel, wow, who the hell wrote this stuff?
This is easily the most aggressive radio programming schedule in the history of the franchise.
SSE Chief Operating Officer Michael Yormark said WQM continued to provide an organization with a perfect vehicle
for fans to stick connected to Florida Panthers hockey.
That means we're going to have to do some more of those hockey shows.
Oh boy.
I see, I got a bigger pardon?
I said, oh boy!
Aside from broadcasting the games, QM will provide in-depth coverage of Panthers hockey through its Panthers preview show.
Panthers weekly, Panthers weekend and Dorsetag and Marcus Panthers insider.
Along with those shows, QM personalities such as Hank Goldberg will host a number of live or most before and after Panthers home games
from inside the bank in Latin America.
That's going to be on top of it.
Which I know he knows a lot about the Panthers and about hockey.
The Panthers season preview show will take place Tuesday, October 3rd.
Well that's tonight, 8 to 10 pm.
It says on my schedule 8 to 9.
I'm coasting short, current once again screwed up bad.
Hosted by Panthers broadcast duo Steve Geldy-Gelstein and Silies Reddy-Randy-Randy-Morner.
The two Panthers broadcasts will preview the season taking a look at this year's team in the NHL.
Every Thursday morning, oh and by the way you missed it George, you came in a little bit late.
You know who was on with Kenny and Bo this morning?
I give up.
You give one guess.
I get one guess?
Yeah, Ira.
Oh, Winterbag.
Winterbag, yeah.
Every Thursday morning on the Kenny and Bo's show show, I'm aware the Panthers weekly show.
GM and head coach that obnoxious frog, Jacques Martan will debut October 10th.
And if you're every other Tuesday morning at 9.15 am, I'll Steve Geldy-Gelstein will debut October 5th.
And if you're every other Thursday morning between 9.10 am, providing insight into the week that was in the week to come with Panthers hockey.
Wow.
I'll take it one thing.
If they could get one fan per each word in this press release, man, we'd have a crowd.
QAM's Jesse Aggler and Goldstein have teamed up those Panthers weekend edition.
That show sets the debut in November, including a week after the season.
And it goes on and on Hammer and Hank Goldberg and various other QAM personalities will host a number of live remotes from inside the Bank of Atlantic Center before and after select Panthers home games.
Panthers Roundtable begin QAM's broadcast coverage on opening night from 6 to 7 p.m.
As always, QAM is home of Panthers hockey.
All 82 games can be heard live beginning with Jesse Aggler and Panthers tonight, 30 minutes prior to every game.
And of course, Jolly Jo Bell, General Manager of QAM, says, were very excited to start another year.
We've got great coverage of the Florida Panthers.
Throughout the years, we've built a great relationship with the Florida Panthers.
And this year, we've got some great news shows like the new Panthers inside our special, which will provide fans with even more in-depth coverage of their hometown hockey club.
We look forward to covering the Panthers all season long.
Into the playoffs, he said.
And into the playoffs.
That's Joe, man.
He got a sense of humor or what, huh?
Sure does.
I read the other day that one of those chills.
I mean, one of the guys from the organization said this is the strongest Panther team they have had in the history of the organization.
And I talked to myself, yeah, right.
Florida Marlins manager Joe Gerardi was fired today and moved and had been expected after his rift with owner Jeffrey Luria that boiled over in an on-field confrontation two months ago.
That's bad.
We like the job he did.
Joe, you're a heck of a guy.
Never stole a freight train.
And there'll be a press conference today at 2 p.m., which will carry right here on QAM, by the way, because we're into a baby.
We're in it with so deep we can't get out.
Today at 2 in the interview room at Dolphin Stadium and General Manager and Vice President Larry Byne, the beanstalk will hold a press conference this afternoon at 2.
The cost conscious Marlins wanted Gerardi out so badly, they were willing to let him go with two years left on a guaranteed three year contract that he signed October of last year when he became a manager for the first time.
At 41, he was the second youngest manager and made his leg after spending 15 years as a big lead catcher.
Atlanta third base coach, Freddie Gonzalez, is considered to be the front-runner to replace Gerardi, or at least somebody whose name ends in Z.
Gerardi was run around in the Marlins search year ago after Jack McKin resigned because he turned 100 years old.
And it goes on, but it'll be put about.
And Gerardi's strained relationship with Luria and General Manager Larry Beanfest, Bynefest, became public this summer.
Luria subsequently declined to endorse the job Gerardi did in his first years manager, even though the Marlins far exceeded expectations,
while playing 22 rickies with a my, when meager $15 million payroll.
The rift erupted in the game August 6th when Luria berated Numpire while sitting behind the plate.
From the dugout Gerardi asked the owner to stop when this is said, Luria angrily left the seat and confronted Gerardi after the game during a 90-minute clubhouse meeting, probably just kicked his ass verbally anyway.
Luria declined to comment on the episode of respond to published reports that he fired Gerardi, then changed his mind.
And it goes on, but it'll be put about.
The Marlins became the first team in history to climb about 500 from 20 games under.
They also became the first team to have four rookies to win 10 games, pictures.
And they set a record for most home runs by rookies with 112.
How do you like that?
A lot of great accomplishments there when they put no money out there, no support.
And hey Joe, great job, you're fired to did.
How do you like that? How does that feel?
Don't forget that press conference at 2 to 3 afternoon.
So that means don't be playing no extraneous crafter like some long song like you've been doing lately.
I know what that's all about.
Yeah, right.
Now see the cruise is going to be interspersing somewhere of a big hits in between the, oh, we've got to maintain some kind of an audience.
That's right.
When you think.
Oh, don't get any further.
Hey listen, I know it better than anybody.
I mean, talking hockey in South Florida is like talking lots of balls in the North Pole.
It's just, I mean, what's the point?
The place steps it off the board.
Got it ahead to Higgins beyond two break.
Pointly going to the front of the matter.
Why do I make the shot and the pass says there by Ray Croft?
Yeah, let's play this game.
I think the least actually won this game under a few exhibitions.
I think they were like three and four, whatever the hell was.
Let's get the people ready for the hockey season, baby.
Which I'm hockey talk. Call up your buddy, Jeff Rimmer.
Who get the Ron McClain and Don Sherry on the phone.
We'll have Doug McClain on there talking crap.
What do you say?
All right.
You remember those days I got Rimmer on speed dial.
The worry I'm gonna run.
Yeah, I'm gonna have a shoot.
Call 168 votes on our poll today about Mark Foley.
She's got some real problems.
She checked into rehab.
That was a good way to avoid going straight to jail.
Did not collect $200 and did not pass go.
Was it pedophile rehab?
He's not a pedophile.
That's what a lawyer said last night.
Although the audience disagrees because we asked which best describes Mark Foley.
Now we're tearing it and disgraced Congressman.
Pedophile 368 said that.
That's numero uno with a bullet.
Hippocrate 323.
You know that he was responsible for the passage of the animal's child protection act?
I did not know that.
I just mentioned that.
Hippocrate 323.
Pervert 134.
Great Republican 126.
Crazy Fag 97.
Stupid 71.
That deserves a lot more votes.
Stupid.
Who's Mark Foley 59.
4.5% of this audience still after all of this have no idea who that is.
Old troll 42.
Even Old King Cole was a very old troll.
You know that.
Even that King Cole.
4016.
I hate this poll only 11.
8.10% of a percent.
That's like a number that have a cross the street.
You can relate to that.
Joel 0.8.
Oh!
I'll Carolus 11 and desperate 10.
Desperate troll.
Maybe he had the DPs.
He was a desperate troll.
I think so.
Wow.
You know this is like I said the October surprise.
Not the one that the Bush people had in mind.
I don't think not the one Carl Rohan had in mind.
No, this is a real surprise.
You know a chocolate surprise.
10.56 at 5.60 W.Q.
No, for you we got the press conference at 2 as the Marlins are that's bad.
We're going to put that on the year so they can like announce that they're doing an aberrant.
Even Georgia agrees that that's just unacceptable.
Hmm.
When you say that's unacceptable.
What?
The firing of Georgia already after the great job he did this season with no veteran players practically and with no money.
Who?
Like I said,
it's your sports world baby.
You better get with it.
You better start wearing a jock strap to work from now on.
It's all right.
I'll wear it on my head.
Like the rest of the day.
Oh, anyway, anybody who hasn't seen that clip from SNL with Tom Brady in the jock strap?
That's tremendous.
Expression.
Yeah, especially when it goes over and grabs the grabs her boom.
Now, why wonder could we need to grab her boom?
Do you think?
Oh, it's a little extra.
To me, I only watched it 20 or 30.
I wonder if the actress in question really mind it.
No, she liked it.
In fact, she said, oh, let's do this again.
I think I screwed up and they said it's live.
Why do you think we call this show?
Yeah, but let's do it again anyway.
That's right.
And then when she showed up in his jock strap,
and I see here we go with this stuff again.
It's not good.
This is not an 8.
Although I notice he's like 29 years old, the Brady show.
And of course, what's his name?
James Franco is 28.
Much too old for Miss Foly no doubt.
I wanted to say in that article I read before about the fact that they knew he had a predilection to voice.
Right?
Hmm.
Well, let me, I'll just, I'll expand on that after the break.
Okay, something to y'all.
It's kind of complicated.
You'll have to explain it.
Great.
No, I'm serious.
I mean, haven't I said this before?
If you're like attracted to somebody like a 16, 17-year-old voice of girls,
why not find ones who are like a legal age?
Another year or two older would be good, you know what I'm saying?
I know.
Oh, I see.
It's called Death Wish, I guess.
Yeah.
Anyway, if your carpets have a death wish, don't call it a right concept.
But if you'd like to keep them clean and sanitary, do what I've been doing for over 21 years in my homes.
Call the experts, man, because they'll make your carpets look just like he had brand new laid on the floor.
You know, in South Florida people go attend to go long periods of time without opening the windows,
which breeds even more unhealthy conditions, the mold and schmutz gets down there deep in your carpets.
More reason to have dry concepts, dry clean your carpets on a regular basis.
Your carpets last longer, they stay cleaner longer, come out softer, the colors come out looking brighter in your house smells
a lot of fresh too.
It's a real as they say in China, mahaya.
And dry concepts is even better planned to make frequent cleaning easy to freshen the cost of regular cleaning.
I guarantee you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts.
And don't forget they give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing their unbeatable fabulous job.
In Broward called dry concepts at 954-370-7778.
That's 954-370-7778, or in Dayton Palm Beach it's a toll free call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today and entertain tonight when you call dry concepts.
The biggest name, so best talent to visit is Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
The campus first is rightening, huh? If I'm a little bit rightening, huh? When people say I'm lying, huh? When my fingers start to wang, and my face is turning red, you have better turn and run before I go outside your head. Next time I'll say some clothes, we'll be with the blood from you nose. No one gets mad at me.
Except for Hillary, everybody build Clintons fighting. You best go into hiding.
Playoff, cause my blood pressure's rising, and soon you will be crying.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I don't play. Here we go. Simple as you. And I didn't have the beat. Or the birds in my back hares. They're a talk-up, man. This old fart, this old queen did this old troll. Anyway, Mike Whitney right speaking of old trolls, His column in this working chim today is called Vougar Gate. Or is that Vougar Gate? Anyway, it's where a rare one is scandall hits Washington. It's actually enjoyable to follow.
but Mark Follies really put the punch back into politics.
Who would have guessed that after six years of slaughtering and
torturing people in their own countries, the American people could be so
incensed about one rogue congressman bumping boys in his off hours.
It just shows what trivial people would become.
Congress is a moral cesspool.
It didn't take fully to prove that.
It's the epicenter of American corruption, the very heart of the beast.
If we had any sense, we'd send in the fire trucks and hose out the whole place
and then take a wrecking ball to the rotunda.
The system is so far gone and so polluted with corporate money, it's no longer
salvageable.
Just bring in the dozers and we'll start fresh.
Follies what commonly is called the Canary in the Cool Mind.
The metaphor suggests that the Canary will die before a man when there's a
lack of oxygen in the mind-check, the same will apply to Washington.
The sanctioned wielding torture, approving war-mongering congress, has sucked
the air out of a once-grade institution and left it in the shambles.
By the time Bush's term is over, the only thing left will be the rubber stamp
they use to endorse his dictatorial powers and a scattering of crispy
creams outside Hathor's office.
That explains a lot.
The fully scandal is a charade which leads nowhere.
Everyone knows that Washington is a little better than a Vegas knocking shop
where wealthy patrons plot down their money and get whatever they want.
It's a wonder that we have to go through the whole drill over and over again
like the reruns of Survivor.
Is there someone in America who didn't already know that the party of
sanctimonian self-righteousness is really a cover for horny hypocrites who are
on the take, or that the only thing that immigrants are good for is feigning
indignation when the Republican crimes bubbled of the surface,
or that the fourth of state has no role in informing the public,
but is simply a sounding board for corporate sponsored propaganda
or red-hairing for cheesy sex scandals and macabre murder investigations?
There's nothing to learn here for anyone who's already been paying attention.
Folley is just the tip of the iceberg.
Congress is like a cracked sewer pipe from which the fetted effluent of our
political life continues to surge.
We ought to buy every congressman a bus ticket back home and then board up the
place for good and say good riddance.
I don't like that. Good old Mike Whitney.
What does he say here? Bumping one-road congressman bumping boys in his off hours.
Yep. Yeah.
Maybe the one he wanted to ride the bumper cars.
I still want to know what it is that happened in San Diego that he remembered so fondly.
One can only begin to imagine.
I don't want to. Oh.
Well, I wouldn't know about any of those things. Anyway,
oh, I can't believe Jeff Greenfield on CNN actually said something. That's the first.
He says could Folley's could Folley's fall he's hurt the GOP.
He says it's October. So surprise.
The most politically explosive right-wing head washing in last week wasn't what's in
Bob Woodward's pages. It was those alleged emails between Mark Folley and at least a couple
of congressional pages and what the House Republican leadership did it didn't do last fall.
If you want one clue about the political fallout from all this, you can look back more than 20 years ago.
Then he goes on about Daniel Crane and Jerry Studz and but it would be Crane was repentant
and tearfully apologized to his wife and family and asked for forgiveness as the rules
required he stood in the well of the House to receive his censure and face his colleagues.
By contrast, Studz was unrepentant. He said the relationship was legal and consensual,
talk about the difficulties of being a gay man in America and when the House sent you to
me turn his back on his colleagues as if to reject their censure.
The next year, Crane would have been an outspoken advocate of family values,
was soundly defeated by voters in his conservative district. Studz was reelected
handily and served in the House for more than a dozen years until his retirement.
What's the relevance? Or consider the role of social conservatives like those who
attend to the recent family research council gathering in Washington. They filled the ranks
of GOP turnout operations at election time. Some like the Unctions James Docks Dobson
who focused on the family have already expressed disappointment in how Republicans have treated
their priorities like gay marriage and abortion. As the earlier scandal showed, such conservatives
are especially likely to punish sexual misbehavior and they can, if they conclude,
the top Republican leaders didn't pursue such behavior when they learned of it,
the political consequences diminished enthusiasm and lower turnouts could be severe.
These specifics of this issue are entangled and dispute where the earlier
alleged sexually explicit communications leaked with the political agenda in mind,
the leadership see only the less explicit communications, but if the campaign season
doesn't deal well with subtleties, if the story ends up convincing social conservatives
that the Republican Party has let them down, a lot of the calculations about what will
happen in November go right out the window. But now for your shame, huh?
October, so surprise. Wow.
Going for a House Speaker, Dennis Hasser, to resign his leadership position.
Its editorial board says that Republican Washington Times has time to step down fatso
and leave us the crispy creams, please. And most of that, there's the leader of the Congress,
leader of the House. He's not even no Dunkin Donuts Josh, he's even crispy creams.
Oh, for me.
Yeah, right. Which is why it weighs about 600 pounds and it's just as big as a cow.
Two more children died today in this morning of wounds from the shootings at the Amherst
School House raising the death toll to five girls plus the government. Oh, I see, that's why it's six.
Five girls plus him. See that? Right. Not, I don't know what it is. He apparently was spurred by
two decades of a grudge. Do we know what the grudges about yet? Oh, yeah. What are you eating now?
Not donuts. No, trail mix. Trail mix. Oh, God.
We've got to hear you have pantonies. No, the toll from the country's third-diddly school
shooting in less than a week rose twice within a matter of hours, two days with the deaths of a
nine-year-old girl at Christiana Hospital, the Bush administration on Monday called for a school
violence summit to be held next week with education and law enforcement officials to discuss
possible federal action to help communities prevent violence and deal with this aftermath.
I think I know who ought to be in charge of that school summit to make sure that the kids
are safe. As soon as he gets out of rehab, who died? State police spokesman Lynette Quinn said
the two girls who died early this morning had suffered very severe injuries, but the other
ones are coming along very well. Thanks, God. The nine-year-old girl, about 1 a.m. and the 70-year-old
girl died about 430 this morning. Her parents were with her hospital spokesman Amy Bueller Stranger,
said that the younger victim. She was taken off life's support and passed away shortly after.
Authorities said the gunman Charles Carl Roberts IV wrote what authorities described as suicide
notes. Took guns at ammunition went to a nearby one-room schoolhouse where he opened a fire
and several girls and took his own life. He chased all the boys outside and then tied the girls
up. Is this why what we're seeing here? Let's see now. Then you won't know how to use
the bathroom. He said rehab. You're not going to see more of a movie live now. He's in rehab.
He's probably got his own private blackberry in there now too, untraceable.
Setting those incestuous instant messages. Robert's brought within supplies necessary for
a lengthy siege including three guns, a stun gun, two knives, a pile of wood and a bag with
600 rounds of ammunition, 600 rounds, baby. He also had a change of clothing. Toilet paper,
that's always good to have and paper bolts and hardware and rolls of clear tape. He released about
15 boys, a pregnant woman and three women with infants barred the doors with desk and wood and
secured them with nails, bolts and flexible plastic ties. He then made the girls line up a
longer blackboard and tied their feet together. But we still don't know what the ideal was 20 years
ago that he claims he was getting revenge for. It's just a crazy person. Another crazy person,
even the Amish can be crazy. And of course there are a lot of people who said for years that they
are living in a stone. He wasn't one. He was. At Amish? Yes. Where did you get that?
They had so that this morning on, they said he was Amish. What the hell would he be?
I don't know. He don't know me for crying out loud, huh? This was in Nicholson,
Nicholson, Dime, Pennsylvania. There are public roads. There are a lot of people.
There are mines that need dry land there. They're right by the school. You better start getting on
the top of your news stories, Mr. Because you're out of touch. All right. I think your blood sugar is
probably about 750. Yes, we know like crap. I need it when the pizza comes there. It's going to go
tilt. You'll see. That's fun. It's ruined. Holy. The Republican lawmakers spoke in an exclusive
interview with CNN Sean Caleb. Sean is with us now from Monroe, Louisiana and Sean. Good to see you
again. Majority leader Bainer is saying the speaker needed to do more. And my, I guess the
the congressman is standing in support of the speaker. Yeah, absolutely. No crack in his support
for speaker, Haster. We are spoke with him last night. No crack. Yeah, I'm going to be surprised
at all if there's some of the number in there. You know, 1330 votes on our poll today.
There, there, we could get like two million votes today. It'll knock all this fully stuff out
of the newspapers off TV. It'll be on the front page of the Palm Beach post to the, uh, Harold.
The Harold, by the way, and of course we saw that yesterday, they had this stuff months and months
ago about a year ago, St. Pete Times, they're old and Fox News also, by the way, we just mentioned
that in passing. And Tom Fiedler's on there. What is, you know, here, this is the thing that
crashed me up big time. Well, it was kind of vague and ambiguous. You know, when he asked the kid
for his picture, I mean, talk about a little bit slow. This is the same guy who was chasing down
Gary Hart and down a rice years ago. And now he, I think he just lost it. Not that they ever had it.
Just a little bit slow. When a 52 year old congressman is trolling for sex on the internet and he's
asking kid, Pio, you know, what are you doing and send me a picture yourself? What, what does that
tell you? She, I don't know. Any time an adult sends a 16 year old or a younger kid an email or
an instant message saying, send me your picture. What does that say? They just want to add into
their collection? That's right. Maybe they work for the DMV. That could be it. Most of the stories
they, it's just something out there. The young man has gotten caught up in something that, when he's
getting bruised for something. He's getting bruised. Okay, bruised in tattoo. That's what I think,
Mark had in mind. Hey, Mark, you're fair. But he'll be in rehab for a long, long time,
wouldn't you think? Yeah. With the booze that's done it's either always the booze or the drugs that
done it. God almighty, when the hell does that excuse? So they're going to start wearing off, huh?
14 past 11. Oh, forget we got the mad dog. We got the power hour, Hank 5 to 7. Then we got
all that pants. So maybe I'll read that press release again.
You are. For the flagship station. Hello, I'm Barbara Billings, Lee of the Flower of Marlins.
I just thought you might want to know we have a season ticket still on sale for $110. Why that's
less than $0.5 for an exciting game of baseball. He would want to buy me these, would you? I mean,
we got some players with cool names this season like Jesus Sanchez, Joe Fence De Blow, Bad Penny,
Ricky Bones, Brother Don Corneelius and Sister Rose Ryan Dumpster Don Nots and Nelson Beat Helper.
If you show up, I guess I will too. Because if you do, then I gotta get up.
11, I Tade at 560 WK, don't forget two o'clock this afternoon. We have that big Marlins press conference.
We have no idea what it's going to be about except to announce they fired Joe Gerard. Right.
And they're bringing in a new manager whose name ends in Z. And you're right. Okay, you're going to
rub it in. Go on, I don't want to rub it in. Charles Carl Roberts, 432, was not Amish. He was a 5 by 3
from nearby Bart Township. It's not rubbing it in. Not Amish. Yeah, just keeping it up.
I'm pretty be targeting the Amish apparently chose this school because he was been on killing
young girls is a way of acting out and revenge for something that happened 20 years ago.
We still don't know what the hell it is. Maybe someone else know now is that he was not Amish.
I told you. I thought he drove up there is when I heard the story regularly. He threw up there.
I wouldn't wouldn't doubt it. Former US President Bill Clinton to try to hit a try to hit on
the mean more her husband asked in Kuchiku has said Kuchu are the star of hit MTV show
punk told chat host chat host. This is being some bird thing right. Told Jay Leno that Clinton made
eyes at a superstar. Wactoring a recent function. Kuchu said that Kuchu said that all the three were all
on a set of table next to each other. He followed the invisible man. He says Clinton didn't say one
word to him the whole evening as he was so engrossed with ghost actress Moore. Yeah. He's better than
him. I bet he likes dinti Moore too no doubt probably. My man called Clinton once but he really
didn't talk. He was sitting on my wife Kuchu told you know. Well, I remember that Ranero used to call him Jay Leno.
We like to an area though. Too bad he's not still around. The 28 year old butterfly effect actor
celebrated his first wedding anniversary with Moore 43 on Sunday said Clinton completely ignored him as
he chanted to Demi. I don't think he looked at me the whole time. Kuchu said it was like the guy
who wasn't there. Well, he's just not your type. Actually, right. It goes. And the other way around.
Maybe if he was a fat insert or maybe if he would have been a few years younger if he would have been
still 16 like I told you that picture that model picture when he was a model. Right. He looked really
good. Then I bet you that he could have gotten fricked to Congress. Sir. For the DC looked awfully
girly taking his balls right into the halls of Congress. Anyway, can we can we get off of that for a
second or two? I probably didn't have more than four or five hundred. I don't have any more stories
about that. Good. All right. I mean, what else is there to say besides just go to our website,
read all the stuff and you know, and of course he's in rehab because it was the boys that made him do
it. Not the fact that he had some sexual attraction for these 16 year old boys. I mean, that was only
a small part of it. He wasn't sure it was a small part. That's why kept asking those questions. I
mean, asking around talking to people. Everybody I know when they get drunk, they get really gay and
they had a feel like well, no, I mean, we knew about the gay everybody knew that. But that doesn't
mean that it was a pedophile. Like I said, better ideas. They're checking ID next time. Okay, Mark.
Next time records show that George tenant brief condom Lisa on Elkata threat, even though she says
she doesn't remember. Yeah. She didn't remember anything. She's got to be in Alzheimer's. That
get tooth bitch. A review of White House records is determined that George tenant then the director
of the CIA did brief condom Lisa and other top officials on July 10th, 2001 about the looming
threat from Elkata. A State Department spokesman said yesterday you count by Sean McCormick came
hours after Ms. Rice, the Secretary of State told report him when he says that I just
I don't know what to scream. It's like listen to read across me again when Bob will we can
sound this is the Secretary of State. I'm starting to get some sick pleasure out of you pop
pop and whatnot that read a business. Oh, I'll let me go over to MSNBC because she might be on
there. If any other if any other breathless stories come on, I always get her for the breathless
story like you quote inappropriate emails to young pages. Oh no. Anyway, the account by Sean McCormick
came hours after Ms. Rice told reporters aboard her airplane. She didn't recall the specific
meeting July 10th. Noting that she had met repeatedly with Mr. tenant that summer box service
threats. Ms. Rice, the National Security Advisor at the time and of course the Secretary of State
said it was incomprehensible she ignored dire terror threats two months before the 9-11 attacks.
incomprehensible to us. Yes, you bitch, you slut, you incompetent idiot.
McCormick also said records show that the 9-11 commission was informed about the meeting.
A fact that former intelligence officials and members of the commission confirmed yesterday.
When details of the meeting were last week in a new book by Bob Woodward of the Washington Post,
Bush administration officials questioned Mr. Woodward's reporting. Now after several days,
both current and former Bush administration officials have confirmed parts of Mr. Woodward's
account. Officials now agree that on July 10th 2001, tenant and his counterterrorism deputy,
Jay Kofur Black, were so alarmed about an impending al-Qaeda attack. They demanded an emergency
meeting at the White House with Condom, Liza and her National Security Council staff,
according to two former intelligence officials. This is in the New York Times, by the way.
Tenet told those assembled at the White House about the growing body of intelligence at the CIA
that they collected pointing to an impending al-Qaeda attack. But both current and former officials
took issue with Mr. Woodward's account that tenant and his aide's left the meeting in frustration,
feeling as if Mizrai said ignored them. Tenet told members of the 9-11 commission about the
July 10th meeting when they interviewed him early in 2004, but committee members said the former CIA
director never indicated he'd left the White House with the impression that he'd been ignored.
Tenet never told us he was brushed off, said Richard Benvenista, a Democratic member of the
commission. We certainly would have followed that up. McCormick said the records show that far
from ignoring Mr. Tenet's warnings, Condom, Liza acted on the intelligence and requested
the tenant make the same presentation of defense secretary, Fairmont Gering-Rosefield,
an attorney general, Ascroft. But Ascroft said by telephone yesterday, last night,
they never received a briefing that summer from Mr. Tenet. Frankly, I'm disappointed I didn't get
that kind of briefing. You said, I'm surprised you didn't think it was important enough to come
by and tell me. So that's just like the Mark Foley stuff. Nobody told this one, nobody told that one.
Everybody was in the dark. Like with Johnny, everybody was in the dark, but we sure haven't played one
of those things in a long time. Although I think I did play one other day. We can't play that one.
Twenty-dark! We played that. Which one? Johnny, by the way. Absolutely.
Cool. Anyway, this goes on. Mr. Tenet's not complaining work on a memoir that scheduled to be published
early next year. So in other words, he's not going to tell too much because we want to go out and buy
the book. At any rate, he's incompetent and they just didn't give a crap about that. And of course,
who the hell knows what other factors were involved there. They were in a panic and of course,
the White House was saying, oh, we're fine. We got some plans here.
Frisco Texas, I've never heard of Chris Goe. How much of Mark Foley's heard about that too,
but I've heard it never heard of Chris Goe. I like that guy who shot those girls who was not Amish.
Okay. Well, Amish don't run around with guns number one. Although they do use them for hunting.
They got some rifles, but they don't have that kind of gear like that guy had. They don't.
Or a truck to drive up there. Yeah. So in other words, he wouldn't have shot himself. He'd get a
watch all about on TV afterwards. He had to go out and find somewhere where they had a TV
because they sure wouldn't have one in the school. Yep. Or anywhere like in the hood.
26th after he loaded 560 WDQM. Isn't it time he took the stress and worry out of last minute
hurricane preparations? So many people, I guess it's just too many to wait till the last minute
when it's too late when the hurricane is about five blocks from blowing your house away and then
forget about it. The hurricane shutther outlet manufactures easy to use accordion shutters and now they'll
even provide expert installation too if you want them to. Call 954-237-7083. They feature
rule downs, accordions, panels too. Just let the hurricane shutther outlet test to make a
ribbon install shutters for you. Call 954-237-7083 right now. Get on your way to top notch protection
and real peace of mind. The hurricane shutther outlet is family owned and operated. They've been doing
it a long time. Their lessons ensured and date-broward in Palm Beach County approved. They stock all
sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your specifications
are ready for pickup or delivery and like I said if you want they'll install them for you too.
The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted and if you mentioned my name
tell them that old Neil the old troll sent you by you get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order
of 350 square feet. The hurricane shutther outlet called 954-237-7083 or log onto their website
hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
Topical with the theme song baby. We hate. Not necessarily any of buddy in particular or for any
particular reason but we just we hate. They've got press conference for the Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Poles about the Ami shooting coming up at noon then we got the Marlon's press conference
at two. Frisco Texas keep the art in smart and hard. Sydney McGee had posted on our website
at Wilma Fisher Elementary School in this money to boom town that's gobbling up the farmfields
north of Dallas Frisco. But Miss McGee 51 a popular art teacher with 28 years in the classroom
is out of a job. After leaving her fifth grade classes last April through the Dallas Museum of Art
one of her students saw a nude art in the museum and after the child's parent complained
the teacher was suspended it. Although the tour had been approved by the principal and the 89
students were accompanied by four other teachers at least 12 parents and a museum
docent. Miss McGee said what is a docent? I'll look it up. DOC-ENT. She was called to the principal
next day and bashed. What the hell is a docent? Sounds to me like it was in decent not docent.
She later received a memorandum in which the principal Nancy Lawson wrote during a study trip
that you planned for fifth graders students were exposed to nude statues another nude art
representation. It said an additional complaint to which Miss McGee is challenged. What is docent?
I'm looking. No. The school board suspended her with pay September 22 and a newsletter emailed
to parents this week the principal and Rick Reedy superintendently first to independent school
district said that Miss McGee had been denied transferred to another school in the district that
her annual contract would not be renewed and then a replacement had been interviewed. In other words
by by the episode is dumbfounded and exasperated many in and out of this mushrooming exorbitant
community two dozen so what is docent still loading a college or university teacher or lecturer a
person who leads guided tours especially a museum or gallery guided tour person okay I
represented him the state Texas teachers association which is program is McGee's defense calls
if the first nude of the museum case we've ever seen if John Ascroff would have ingested
to cover it up with some of those blankets some of those sheets and Kurt McInto called it in
his taledica rough some of that bansta teachers get in trouble for a variety of reasons that the
association's interval council Kevin Lungwitz but I've never heard of a teacher getting in trouble
for taking their kids on an approved trip to an art museum John Lane directed the museum city had
no information why Miss McGee had been disciplined I think you can walk into the Dallas Museum or
and see nothing that would cause concern mr. Lane said I wonder if he's keen to lowest or Frankie
over the past decade more than a half a million students including about a thousand
other Frisco schools have toured the museum's collection of 26,000 more spanning 5,000 years he
said without a single complaint one school recently did cancel schedule visiting he said he
didn't have its name the uproar has swan Frisco school switchboards and prompted some Dallas area
TV stations to broadcast images of statues from the museum with areas of the enemy blacked out
Miss lost them mr. Wee didn't return calls a spokesman for the school district who heard
question to school boards lawyer Randy Gibbs mr. Gibbs said there was a parent who complained
relating the complaint of a child but city didn't know the details probably saw much of boobies
in the May 18th memorandum to Miss McGee Miss lost and thought that her for not just playing
enough student art and for wearing flip flops to work Miss McGee said she was wearing via Spiga
brand sandals what the hell is that via Spiga sorry you got me inciting the students exposure
to new dart Miss lost and also said time wasn't used wisely for learning during the trip
adding that parents and teachers had complained that Miss McGee should have toured the route by
herself first but Miss McGee says he did exactly that fibber McGee in the latest to several statements
the district intended that the trip had been poorly planned but mr. Gibbs and district lawyer
acknowledged that Miss lost an approve of it another another big tempest in the pee pod man now
they're much a crazy people oh my god they took it to a museum and the kids saw a bunch of
the boobies and big deal big simmiss maybe they were big and that could be it how big that's
the markfully wants to know how big is it not the boobies I imagine no two bees since the
beginning of the year there've been 25 shootings at or near schools nationwide seven other shootings
three in the last week alone have been fatal they're dying over there with the exception of a 15
year old Wisconsin teenager allegedly killed a high school principal at school last Friday the gun
in these recent attacks appear to be getting older the killings began August 24th when a 27 year old
man walked in an elementary school in Essex for a month killed two teachers mooted to other people
before training the gun on himself he survived his injuries damn it last week a 53 year old homeless man
molested several girls before killing one girl and himself in Bailey Colorado and then yesterday
that 32 year old milk girl he wasn't the homage by the way the milk truck driver the
dynamic school children up against the blackboard of their one room school house and shot five young
girls before training the gun on the self three died in the school house and now it's four and
plus and five plus them right experts say the shootings could be copycats of each other
today's tragedy becomes the event that plants the seat for the browse crisis at Ronald Stevens
of the National School Safety Center the recent ramsher shootings evoke some painful images
like ghosting during the late 1990s spade of school killings most memorably a column by him
since the column by and massacres some experts say the country hasn't done much to protect schools
as some might think the overwhelming majority of schools in the west do not have security cameras
or mental detectors fewer than half have security personnel on campus maybe they need a docent
doesn't have to refrain over and over is that we never thought it would happen here and it is when
we have it can't happen here mentality that's when we're most vulnerable so can trump of the
national school safety and the security services between 1992 and 2002 in those 10 years 462 people
including students and faculty were killed at schools across the USA I'm dying out of here that's
only like 46.2 a year right yeah that's right yeah go be now in the US man just because you've
got a bunch of crazy people with guns I got a grievance okay over something that happened 20 years ago
so you know the logical thing isn't going to go to school and type of much of the kids and shoot them
right let's do it and then blow my brains out why didn't you just blow his brains out first
we're gonna get a good idea mm-hmm drop the kids out the butt 1383 and I had pulled baby we're
gonna top 1500 a day they are marked holy intensive in fact let me take a look at those stats from
yesterday let's see if they're still heavy duty all over that story like stink on joy say out of
the eight ninety one marked holy instant message chance with congressional page has had 891
readings since so we put around our 10 30 years today morning for example a typical story on any
other day has how many readings like 30 or oh no I wouldn't say that I mean a good story like a
couple hundred really like like for example the second one today yesterday had 589 we had three
with over 500 that's pretty unusual yeah it is how Mark Foley represents the red human fox news had
589 things fall apart by Frank rich had 581 yeah all about fully and but you part all those
stories that you just mentioned about Foley yeah things fall apart wasn't I don't think okay
bend over for more republicans you can read a part Russian recession 390 well they saw bend over
they must have thought it was mark mark foley I had almost almost 400 to it's interesting a typical
story on air would say gets I don't know 150 200 okay and of course anything it's got to do with
sex gets like a trillion that's right telling you change the headlines if you want to get a lot more
reads on there in Joshua just out what I'll do is I'll just start putting a different headline
and you guys are when I said something spicy it every week and you mean to go man I'll make up my own
oh yeah if anybody needs perverted the sexual headlines here's a guy can probably have a good
imagination they bite it up a notch maybe I can go yeah what a bunch of preverts like I said Mark
toy check ID start checking ID sweetheart too lately oh horse is gone horses down the road yeah I
bet it was one of the knowledge horses from Pennsylvania that was really something seen in
buggies there and then of course the guys with the big hats and the ears you know with like
able to look at on a bad day I know what's the use listen if they're free to do that if that's
what they believe and they want to live that way then exactly I kind of go around running harmonizing
anybody out exactly I have no problems with the onish you know they might be silly but they're
running their own business and they're peaceful like the Quaker is course this was a Quaker I mean
how many thousand people died because of the man he was a Quaker though he was a peaceful man
and a liar and a butcher and a murderer and a crook but I'm not beside from that oh I'll hear
again X rated emails or which is alleged to be Foley's screen name right into a teenager
or a guy I miss you lot since San Diego the team says yeah can't wait till DC did you pick a
night for dinner not yet likely Friday okay I'll plan for Friday then let me ask you about that
that implies that there's going to be a space to face encounter and what's ironic about all
there's been also a time with the ones wanting to say the ego or something happening you know I'm
talking about like go back to make it a crime to use the internet to persuade induce or entice
someone under 18 to engage in sexual activity so it was even breaking the law that he himself helped
right isn't that like the fox guarding the chicken coop the irony is staggering in the hypocrisy
oh you Tom Susan why can't stand her she's like she's like in the S&BC's answer to the
Nancy Grace Susan filing she's on her like every 10 seconds that would be the ultimate irony but
the question remains did he commit a crime and that in large part it's gonna depend I guess it
all depends on when they went to there who was eating what when you say yeah 18 to noon a QM
experience the difference that Mercedes-Benz of Pompato Mercedes-Benz of Pompato is now under new
ownership and new management and a Mercedes-Benz of Pompato it doesn't matter what time of month
you buy a vehicle whether it's the brand new 2007 E-Class they're full on a convertibles or they're
large selection certified pre-owned cars when you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompato you've got over
200 employees dedicated to providing incomparable service for you like complimentary
loaner vehicles and complimentary car washes too browse their indoor expo with over 150 new
end-use vehicles or click on the benzpompato.com Mercedes-Benz of Pompato they're open every day of
the week Monday through Friday 9 to late Saturday 9 to 6 and every Sunday noon to 5 experience the
difference call 1-800 new benz you'll find them at i95 and Copen's Road that's 1-800 new benz for
Mercedes-Benz of Pompato a Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other.
They rocked on CBS now better rock in the civic arena. Watchtice supernova
rock and roll's best known poison featuring that one guy with a go see from Matelica
that dude with the sideburns who took over for that other dude right before guns and roses
broke out and then drummers on that video with amanders in on the boat.
Yes the new guy who won the contest nobody watched on TV.
Rockstar supernova see them live performing all their hits like
and if you love the inaccess tour with a new guy what's his name with a short hair you won't
want to miss the concert event of the millennia rockstar supernova.
So when we have the new guy to replace Kurt Cobain so we have another movie about
that huh yeah I can't wait. 1400 in the summer on voice 1411 1416 and we got
65 people say who's marked fully 4.5% like that.
Hayder Rizvy writes border fence quid spell environmental disaster and common dreams.org
He says environmental groups are concerned about that new plan to build a 700 mile long fence
along the border with Mexico. The official plan is envisioned in a legislative bill
immigration reforms is meant to stop the flow of undocumented workers from Mexico but
scientists say it'll bring nothing but disaster for the biological diversity of the region.
Disaster the only living things the walls won't stop are people said Michael Finkelstein
executive director at the Tuscan Arizona I'm sure it's supposed to be two summers within a
okay Santa Arizona based center for biological diversity in the statement it says Tuscan idiots
Finkelstein and other independent experts fear that the proposed
fence will restrict the movement of wildlife and disturb the unique and fragile ecology of the
region the border area is home to many endangered species of plants birds and animals such as owls
parrots jaguars wolves bears and lions and often need to move around as an essential
animal in their survival according to experts on biological diversity some jaguars found in
Arizona come from Mexico I wonder what loot dobs thinks about that I'll ask you send them back
similarly Mexican gray wools peninsula big horned sheep and other endangered species need to
cross their borderline habitat offensive Finkelstein and this wall will cross their ability to survive
the 2000 mile long US Mexican border regions considered an extraordinary source of biological
diversity because it is shaped by a variety of ecological forms including deserts,
mangrove forest, plains, mountains, river valleys and wetlands the senate approved legislation on
Friday now waits only a signature from president Bush a proposal seeks to construct a series of
various separated by an access road for patrol vehicles on long stretches of the border in california
Arizona, Texas and New Mexico I wonder if that includes Tuscan the immigration bill passed by
the house doesn't provide funding for the fence but Republicans have suggested would cost around
two billion dollars Democrats say would cost no less than seven billion but what's a few billion
among friends right right supporters of the fence plants able to enhance border protection from
illegal immigrants crossing from Mexico and provide security against its possible use by terrorists
by evil doers we have to come to grips with the fact that our border patrol agents need a fence
on our southern border we're now facing infiltrating by members of terrorist organizations like
HEZBOLA said represent of ed rois california republican for their part Democrats that charge
Republicans would try to use immigration issue to attract votes in the upcoming congressional elections
they're trying to confuse Americans in the thinking Osama is heading north in a sombrero
so Texas Democrat Lloyd dog it I wonder if he's keen to build a good remember hockey tom
parce one and two sure bill dog it no you don't you do you got him one moment please
there it is no bogus baby well nineteen fifty nine sixty fifty eight fifty nine
you don't know why not there's this important I rip up the night uh you're collecting
oh that's not a good thing that's part two but the proposed legislation allows the
Department of Homeland Security to take charge of the border in eighteen months and gives
additional power to the board of security force agents besides calling for a study on the need for
a fence along the U.S. Canada border a oh yeah let's have a big old fence anybody who don't like
it will just take him right to Niagara Falls and shove him over the age how's that sound
that's good in the world of american political campaign finance senators swelery clinton is a
maverick since her first run for the senate in two thousand two hillaries raised more than
forty five million dollars from donors a figure never before attained by a congressional candidate
this extraordinary fundraising by the junior senator from New York takes on greater import
given her widely speculated uh presidential hopes no center candidate has ever raised more
money from other people and senator clinton has said nasty rich speaking for the campaign finance
watchdog center for responsive politics but our count by our count she's number one a recipient
of money from twenty seven different industries from accountants to Hollywood by the way you did see
that markful to give a hundred grand to the other republican a bunch of other republicans
the summer i did not and now this speculating that maybe was kind of like hush money but that's
a speculation you understand in donations accrued during the two thousand six sanitary elections
cycle alone hillary has already topped thirty five million dollars more than eight times the
receipts of all her challenges combined it despite continuing insistence from her campaign
that only focuses the senate were extensive pursuit of donors nationwide along with her
staggering success in wooing them has solidified expectations of presidential run in two thousand eight
oh my god any funds left over from her senatorial campaign which time recently has
submitted might exceed ten million dollars could be used to see the presidential run
even considering the prospect of a two thousand eight campaign for the white house clinton's
receipts are remarkable according to massey rich no presidential aspirin is ever raised so much
money this far and advancing election i like that maybe the republicans are putting a lot of
money in there too they want swallowing baby you got two chances none and much less than none
that i mean could be wrong about that that's my what about her winning or running right winning
yeah oh no i think she's running oh thank me want to run right to the bull right to the border
before they build that fence oh there's kind of leesa there on msnbc her given that and the
august six presidential daily brief that we knew of she didn't know not you know she just had
that one report that said you know very vaguely it's had a little some have been a lot in
determined the strike in u.s it was no subtle that mean it was too subtle to notice right almost
a quarter of britain's think aids can be spread by kissing sex mad brits are ignorant about the
risk of aids there's that's not are they Britain is one of the most promiscuous nations in europe
and one of the least of where aids the survey suggests today the so yes brits man what i
tell you about their constipated brains more than half britans poll did not use extra for
protection against hiv and twenty two percent thought aids could be cut by kissing the further where
you kiss like that now i would think as mark folder he'll tell you where where when the christ
math is on lino last night they showed a couple under the last break he said that those emails
left a goot trail and jay said could we use an expression a little bit less uh do it yeah
gooey a goot trail health campaigner said the growing ignorance was a result of government faded
to promote awareness and poor sex education in britain man the queen does not have no one about
hanky spanky like that the family planning association said we do not have mandatory sex
in relationship education in schools and what does get caught is taught as part of science
but it's just not good enough just to talk about biology young people need to be taught how to
negotiate using a condom how you negotiate it the euro barometer poll a twenty five thousand
e.u. citizens aged over fifteen also found that forty percent of people took no precautions against
aids during sex according to the survey carried out last year fewer people in the fifty member states
said they practiced safe sex than in the previous survey in two thousand two it also showed half
of them were poorly informed about the risk of HIV and AIDS and with those in the ten new member
countries the most confused and a quarter of britain said they were less likely to be promiscuous
the worst record after the netlands netlands is the worst how do you like that bunch of perverts
needle on because they're all stone all the time it's just like the mark phone says man it's
either the booze in the drugs make you do it okay not right absolutely they got all
emrastic eyes out there in the streets coke extra c v yagatah if you're gonna buy v yagatah
i'll do something with it right depends on what you want to do four minutes till noon a qm
don't forget two o'clock that mighty important marmons press conference
the biggest waste of best talents the business wheel rock saw this radio five sixty e.u.a. am
this is goge dine jeweler and i sound like bob hope on acid and i want to tell you it's the
twelve the one hour or whatever it is
when bill or i li die lin sherry isn't where in pants
he'll tell you if you like your job then you'll give him a laugh dance
and if you tell lor i li you're not looking too big
you're not looking too big
he'll do the pants right off you and for you an extergeist
all the backers fair and balanced but not when he calls that night
he's looking for racy who likes it a little to the right
welcome when bill or i li morning sherry isn't always been so
so when bill or i li is violent you best not pick up your phone
i think what bill makes those calls i think he may be spitting it himself
12.02.560 all pennsylvania state police are going to update any minute now it says on
msnvc any minute now we're going to have an update i'm that guy who was not holding up
32 but he had a 20-year-old grudge maybe let me let me misunderstood maybe it wasn't grudge
maybe it wasn't misfudge maybe that's what put him over the edge speaking of desperate animals
western grove arcan saw a rabid skunk was found recently in north arcan saw attacking a little
kitten i don't know who i'm rooting for in that uh-huh veterinary and Beverly McClendon
i've watched in grove said a marion county woman said she heard a commotion coming from
one of the bushes last week she looked under the bushes and saw a skunk attacking a kitten
but clendon said the woman told her she beat the skunk off the kitten with a stick then the skunk
chased her out of the porch and sprayed her neighbors helped look for the cat let the gootrail
neighbors helped look for the skunk and found it in a dog house oh brother
or phendos said she sent the skunk off her testing and the state department of health and human
services confirmed the skunk had rabbi rabies rabies veterinarian Jeremy Paul of the university
arcan saw cooperative extension service said rabies are a viral infection once established in the
brain the diseases normally fatal as in rabies are often carried by skunks rat coons and bats
what i'd say about bats i don't know what did you they're like rats with wings man
hard to kill her nasty if you are pigeons boy i see what i got out here my little albalkony
pig and god several many i told you that day that i left the window open air and
sliding glass door right i got the audio in my living room after the show and there was a pigeon
in inside the living room yeah what was the pigeon dropping stuff to
anyway getting back this very important information for audience because i'm sure that there's
plenty of us skunks in florida if you see a skunk walking around during the middle of the day and
doesn't seem to be afraid you stay as far ways you can that is not normal behavior just said
that is right if you see a skunk just kind of lullagging around rabbit animals may appear to be either
dumb or furious he said a dog or cat in the dumb stage or rabies might be less active than usual
it may have a drooping jaw and appear to be choking it may salivate excessively the animal may
also be fused food and eat sticks and rocks cats usually don't go through the furious stage while dogs
do all right here's a governor rendella pennsylvania in respect for the tremendous loss that this
community has suffered state flags and harisburg and throughout all half man no doubt i have man impressed
until the funeral i want to also commend local responders yeah yeah far department great and particularly
the pennsylvania state police for their quick response they're wonderful response to all of their
kids for doing all of they could and for isn't always anyone knows what the last word was
behind this with our safety pretty nice extraordinary care of the families it's been an extraordinary
guy who wasn't on it and right and no more was a great representative of a government of
pennsylvania the state police during the aftermath of all of this tragedy yeah people have asked us
what could be done and it's a very complex question and random acts of violence are always very very
he's gonna tell us nothing okay let us know when somebody's gonna say something okay you people
in MSNBC then i'll put it on the air don't forget speaking to putting something in movie
importantly on here two o'clock we got that very very big a marlin's press conference for lary
and the beanstalk now it's different lary are gonna be involved in that too you think joshy just
lary and the beanstalk no he won't show his face there lary will not show his face well i don't blame him
i mean wouldn't you be embarrassed if he had a guy came in and we'd reach out and he fired him
because of a personal conflict because you were a jackass like Jeffrey laurea god see that's the one
thing about sarfordi you think when you get weighing out of the equation that things are going to
improve well guess what like with the marlins we went from weighing to john henry oh my god remember
henna a little twirp remember the day i came into work it was that must be crazy i must be not
that was him and then we went to from john henry to Jeffrey laurea and david samson and the lila
we did it we did it that one yeah we won the world series right and like with the panthers we
went to from weighing to alan cologne and his brother marty cologne and who knows what evil that's
gonna bring all over here and they're gonna be really great that's what gildey while the great
play by play guys in the nhl according to the press release and still he has read your randy
so doesn't really make any difference who the owner risen southwards is you know it's just
the same old deal and then of course at the u.m. which you can't scroll scum without u.m.
uh we got larry cocker who just turned a hundred and they couldn't win a fixed game against the
little girls team boy i'd say that they just wouldn't have been something if they were the lost
decade and said they judge they were losing man they almost gave it i know they dan they came
within the ace they came within the old curly hero losing that damn game to houston which houston
plays like tc o tc u girl school and stuff like that you know down a rice that's the kind of teams
that they play and it was right there in the ob 2 right there in the bowl in front of a sterling
crowd of 36 thousand plus announced for the really 36 thousand there was that just yeah that's right
that's an important stuff for the like not only is the management generally weak but uh... then
they lie a lot about the attendance speaking of a lot like at election time after florida's hanging
Chad debacle in two thousand many states invested in what they thought would be an upgrade
electronic voting machines man it's not going to be good machines but already several states
have experienced problems with electronic equipment whether machine error human error combination
of both and many are not considering scrapping the new technology altogether when in doubt
toss them out in merrillin where the recent primary election was marred by electronic voting problems
governor robert urlick is calling for the return to old-fashioned paper ballots energy voters to
vote absentee in the coming election paper ballots the messier governor bill rich
instance stumping in merlin earlier this week for early supported back there look on the issue
rich instance that is they've already returned to paper ballots a not to go scan system and argue
the whole country should follow course in the next to how many people are there
but third man so you know it's not that difficult with paper ballots that's what they still
going to can to demand paper ballots you make a big mark on a ballot you vote and uh... that's it
and that is a counter to the throw it you know in the arcane depending on who voted for the old
bachelor right they fix them the old fashioned way it's not just computer glitches that have
officials were neither growing core course of critics charging the electronic voting is highly
susceptible to fraud oh my god at congressional hearing last Thursday Edward felton for faster
computer science and public affairs of Princeton demonstrated how easy this to break into a
die-bold voting machine with a widely available type of key used for office furniture jukeboxes
and even hotel mini bars felton show lawmakers how in the space of a minute he could infect the
machine with a virus skewing the voting results the implications he want to be dramatic tamper
with an old fashioned ballot box can affect a few hundred votes at most but injecting a virus
into a single computerized voting machine can potentially affect an entire election felt in
the sand die-bold is respotted the felton's criticism by saying the machine he used was out of date
and that normal security procedures used by election workers with prevent search tampering
in a statement the company said every voter in every local jurisdiction that uses acu vote TS
should feel secure knowing their vote will count on election day do we believe them of course now
still skeptics are questioning how good the security procedures actually are in many precinct
selection workers can actually take the machines home with them oh yeah i had read that before
it's hysterical right everybody like my go to woodbine and bring in the one of the slot machines
home with me do the with it for a while maybe leave like a gootrail one of the biggest complaints
made about electronic machines is that they have no paper trail to verify the votes but upgrading
machines to produce paper receipts is expensive jojus secretary state recently has submitted
what cost as much as seventy five million dollars to retrofit the state's nearly twenty five thousand
machines man and at last there is a hearing sex for its one that paper records are necessarily
trustworthy either keep cutting him the osu high association of county election officials
told lawmakers that paper printouts used in a recent Ohio recount were often eligible or missing
altogether he argued that electron technology would improve over time comparing current machines
to the four model t still with a third of all precincts nationwide stated to use touchscreen
equipment for the first time this November some in congress believe a better backup system is
necessary i bet your mark fully was hoping for a backup system or back into a system now let's
you know they give us an info here i went into the school after we photographed everything in
the scene and we began to remove the contents of all the items that he had put in the school we
discovered a bag of nails chains small clamps and two tubes of k y jelly tube on a two by four
pieces of wood had ten large i hooks in the board space approximately ten inches apart
it's important to know that we had ten victims at that time that were in the school
additional information we have on robert's there is no indication from the family or a
co-worker the robert's was going to commit this crime we did interview his his brother-in-law
he's also a co-worker and he stated that basically robert's was standoffish and would not interact
as usual in the past couple of days leading up to the weekend before the the crime occurred
in the interaction that robert's had with his family the weekend proceeding this past Monday the
second was very relaxed robert's would normally work from six p.m. till three a.m. which is the
basically the shift he worked leading up to the the day in question he would normally park his
company's commercial tank or truck in the parking lot of nickel mine option during the week and on
the weekend he would park it and on the weekend he would park it at his residence so normally
during the week he would park it at the nickel mine auction he would leave his personal vehicle in
the parking lot while he went out and did his milk run yeah okay as to the statement as to
robert's making statements about molesting family members from the interviews by the
company state police both sides of robert's family were interviewed his parents his wife they had
no knowledge of any molestation by robert's affecting any family member or anyone else and this
was a complete surprise to them i guess he just brought that the two tubes of k.y.
cheer believe a betrayal i i guess when you think i don't represent it a very short
tempered in juries introduced a bill that would require all new electronic machines to produce
a paper trail in the senate Barbara boxer california's introduced a bill that would reimburse
precincts for providing provisional ballots giving voters the option to cast their vote on paper
instead of on a machine mine but with lawmakers rushing to leave Washington by the end of the week
accident either measure before election day looks doubtful unlikely anything occurred we don't know
now they don't know much of anything except for the two tubes of k.y.
joan but that was that all about i dare not speculate yeah
call 14 at qm let me tell you again we got that big big press conference at two o'clock if
i were you at start the daisy chain right now i'd get the telephone book out the white pages
i start calling everybody and i know from art of art to z and let them know that we got the big
marlin press conference at two right here on qm and i wouldn't be surprised if the other guys
have it too would you i wouldn't be surprised what are they who who now wants to hear their craft
who's
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
Don't take no chances. It looks like Charles lenses. He's on a Dean.
A John.
Oh, hey.
Oh, hey.
Oh, hey.
Okay, got some heavy duty stuff coming off. Grab it right now. ABC will soon report who had
knowledge of the Mark Foley page scandal and when they become aware of it according to
raw story. This grabbing is right now. Can I grab it? Do it.
And an interview with democracy now. ABC's Maddie Sauer has shared some startling facts
about this story.
Oh my God.
Pages have a coin to sell. I've been able to produce instant message conversations going
back in as far as five years. Some of them are reportedly sexually explicit. The FBI
Sauer claims will be interviewing pages starting today. Sauer also indicated that ABC's
next wave of reports on the Foley scandal will focus on who in Congress was aware of
the situation. How much they knew and when were they alerted? How you like that? What
do they know and when do they know it? Right back to that old mixing stuff again. Water
gate crap. What do they know and when do they know it? You know this. Sheriff's guy is
going blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, there, but neither his wife or any member of his family that we have spoken to has
suspect told wife he molested two miners 20 years ago.
But again, this gives you a little bit of an insight into what? I guess that would be
good reason to go and shoot some little kids. Sure. Yeah. God. 1470. He was not Amish by
the way. George wants to make sure you understand that because George, you've got a great affection
for the Amish people. Yes, I do. 1478. I mean, let's face it, when even the women have
two little beards. What's not to like? Yeah. Which specialist drives Mark Foley, pedophile,
429 hypocrites, 386, pervert 154. Great Republican 147. Crazy Fag 114, teen stupid 83. Who's
Mark Foley? 66, 4.5%. They still don't get it. Old troll 45, 2018, careless 13. I hit this
full only 12 still a 0.8% and desperate 11 out of almost 15 hundred votes. Boy, where
are the votes? They're just pouring in. Now, Josh, you just come talk some more sexual
fantasy there on our website. I know this story. See what I can do. Just put a few
words of body parts in there. You know, use the P word, the C word, the A word, the
rectum, whatever. A city planned to ban restaurants from selling meals containing unhealthy artificial
fat in New York. It could open a new front in national fight over the safety of America's
food supply, legal expert said. Remember, I talked about that the other day. No trans fats
in New York. In recent years, states and a few cities interested in ridding kitchens of suspected
toxins have become increasingly bold about mandating warning labels about potential handers,
hazards like lead and candy, mercury and fish or pesticides and vegetables. Some of those
measures have prompted fierce opposition from the food industry and members of Congress
who said the states are exceeding their authority. Experts said New York City would take
the boldest step yet if its board of health approves that proposal to ban restaurants from
preparing foods containing more than trace amounts of artificial trans fatty acids.
Announced Tuesday, last week, the ban on trans fats with bar chefs at thousands of restaurants
are using partially hydrogenated vegetable oil and indisputably unhealthy ingredients. But
one that's been in some types of shortening and frying well for decades and we don't need
to play a mom and love shortening again. Oh, that sure had its moments. Yeah. Shortening.
Doctors don't like trans fats because of the havoc it reached with human cholesterol
levels and some studies have blamed it for an epidemic of heart disease deaths trans fats,
baby. You're going to be gagging on it. It leaves a food trail or who your arteries. That's
right. Yet federal regulation has been light and public health law experts said they were stunned
that New York would ban a substance that FDA only began listening on food labels this year.
But Lawrence O. Gaston and associate dean of Georgetown Law School and Director of the Center
for Law and Public Health called the city's actions breathtaking. Breath taking almost as breathtaking
as that exchanging emails for Mark Foley probably put them over the edge. Different kind of breath
taking. Oh, that's it. Well, that sounded like Bill O'Reilly to me. He said it's sure to prompt
a lawsuit challenging the city's authority to win access to a measure. Big fast food companies
that use artificial trans fats to prepare french fries, muffins and donuts might also
sue over the potential impact of the rules on interstate commerce. He said certainly if there's
a local deli in New York that's regulated by the local health department, it is clearly for the city
to decide what is safe and what isn't. Gaston said, but if you're talking about large chains like
McDonald's or Burger King, then there are powerful questions of federalism at stake on the other
handy. Yet, however, when the federal government refuses to act and neglects to act in the face of
a major health crisis, then sometimes he needs cities and states to step into the vacuum and protect
the public. And this might be one of those cases. And then again, Anthony and Belillo, a professor
of health care, a health care law at Tulane, who also teaches at Tulane Medical School, said public
health agencies have a well-established right to ban items that are inherently dangerous,
like spoiled food or lid and paint. But the limits of a city's authority when it comes to something
like trans fats are less clear, he said. You get to something here that is not a bacteria,
it's not a virus, it's not an immediate danger. One meal containing a trans fat is not the
injuries per se, he said. If you have the authority to ban that, you have to assume you have the
authority to ban all sorts of things that in small amounts can be harmful, but in large amounts
could be. Like, you know, even the paint off the wall, stuff like that. Letty goodness. Right.
The commissioner in the York City's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, Thomas Fridand,
said he is confident to ban what's about any legal challenge. The Supreme Court has held that
health departments have the authority to prohibit the cell of foods that are impure, unfit for use
or with spread disease, maybe if they leave a gootryl, and Fridand said there's ample evidence
indicating that our official trans fats cause heart disease. Absolutely. The substance embedded
as a substitute for natural animal fats like butter or lard has more in common with cancer
causing agents Fridand said that with other food stuff that can be unhealthy, consumed in glutinous
amounts like saturated fats or salt. If these were cancer deaths, people would react very differently
Fridand said. Members of the public may weigh in on the proposed ban over the next few months,
it's not a specter that come before the New York Board of Health for a vote until at least December.
No trans fats, baby, quit eating those fatty fries, I've been talking to them for years, boy.
You know what, you're going to die one of these days. I know. Suspect said he molested minors and
dreamed of doing it again. At some point he lined everybody up, he separated them by gender,
and not too long after that he allowed the males to leave and the other people that we spoke about.
So now he was just down to the 10 female students. Little girls. And he had already started,
apparently, from what we were gathering to bind their legs together and to put them up by the
chalkboard. You talk about him leaving his milk truck at the auction house. Was the pickup truck
there at the auction house that he just got from the milk truck to the auction house and then drove
to the school? Well, no, because he went home from, he would leave his car. I think what we all want to
know is that he finished delivering the milk, right? Yeah, it might be spurled. And that's the most
important thing. Sure, those people. I mean, the idea of somebody driving a milk truck, of course,
this is an homage country. Keep that in mind. Oh, it's different kind of milk truck, you know. What do you mean by that?
The kind that delivers it to the grocery store or the 7-Eleven, etc. Oh, I see. I thought maybe there's
like the old milkman. They used to come to the house. No, we'll see them no more. The milkman,
the iceman, cometh, all that stuff. And of course, when the milkman would leave, they always leave a
boot trail. 1495 votes on the pool, man. The sky is the limit today. They're whipped up into a
frenzy about poor Miss Folley. The biggest name. The best talent to be seen. We'll rot your
spare-force radio 560, QAM. And a lollipop little boy? It's today's full-vacuum states retro-homage.
Retro-homage. Retro-homage. Retro-homage. I can't wait all night to get in the air.
Retro-homage. Fine. Retro-homage. It should seers on a motor department.
Oh, is that an oxygen in your later house? Or are you just happy to see me? Retro-homage.
From 32, I don't think I ever played that before. I just found that by accident. I don't think I've
ever heard it before. Well, how do you like that? I'm not that it's a big deal or like some, you know,
great bid, but nevertheless, when you consider how few we can still play. 1550s on a pool today,
what a pretty heavy duty. Wait till you're this through it from Murphreesboro, Tennessee, it figures.
A paraplegic man in Rutherford County was allegedly rucked up through the night by police
who thought they were dealing with an uncooperative drunk driver. The most understanding happened when
police removed the Harvey Watson V. Harvey Watson from his vehicle and thought that he was resisting
arrest when they dragged him across the road. Watson is diabetic and a paraplegic. Other than that,
Watson's wife Leanne Watson called 911 earlier to notify police that something had gone wrong with
her husband. She said she gave the dispatcher a description of the vehicle in his approximate location.
Soon after Lee and Watson called 911, Chad Rutledge driver of the vehicle following Watson said he
called 911 to report a possible drunk driver. He was going from one lane to the other lane. He was
going up hills on the wrong side. He was coming off in the ditch and coming back on. Rutherford
County Sheriff Department and Senate report shows that officers tried to stop Harvey Watson's vehicle,
but for medical reasons unknown to police at the time, he was disoriented. Maybe his blood sugar was
like 800. When they told me the exit of the vehicle, I stuck both arms out the window and told them I
cannot exit Harvey Watson said when you take a man out even if he's drunk, his legs are going to
try to hold his weight. He didn't hold anything Lee and Watson said. Harvey Watson said a
worth of into the officers had dragged him by his knees, roughed him up and handcuffed him,
that things became clearer for them. Lee and Watson said the handicap license plate is hand
control for the vehicle and the wheelchair should have given him a little clue. Yeah, should have
proved them in. Along with several calls to 911s he made before the stop. They should have thought,
hey, we have a medical situation here, Lee and said, based on the incident report,
spokesman with the sheriff's reports that officers followed procedure. The statement issued by
Dan Goodman of the Rutherford County Sheriff's Department said the original complaints who witnessed
the entire event had given statements indicating our officer who did nothing wrong. Harvey Watson
disagreed. It shouldn't have happened. He said, and of course the Watson's are being advised by an
attorney. Wouldn't you know it? Yeah. What he being done for them is one family lost two children
here. Right. I'll let anyone speak to them. Let me let major court speak to you. Yeah, let me
already fight by the marlins. In case anybody really cares about that. Any any interest? No.
I know Georgia will be interested in this next story. It's about your least favorite business.
Walmart. The nation lies a featherstone rips them and asks again. Oh boy. Taking time out from
its non-stop coverage of the early admission policies of a few elite colleges could this newspaper
appeal to believe in a tiny or more rarefied demographic? The New York Times ran a good front
page story this morning on Walmart's new plan as real than an internal memo to implement paycaps
and increase the percentage of part-time employees in its workforce. Obviously some of the company
didn't feel the workers were exploited enough. The paper also reported something I've been hearing
from Walmart workers for a long time scheduling is essentially at the whim of managers,
especially impossible for workers who have children but hard on all workers struggling to plan
their lives and their budgets given that they might work 20 hours one week and eight the next.
It's important that the affluent urban consumers that Walmart so badly needs not be seduced by
the retailer's new offerings, 400 thread count sheets, organic food and its new best friend image
but keep the pressure on the company to improve work conditions by continuing to shop elsewhere
into protest while it's ever in system expansion. The company is v-set is vetting that it's new
target. The Starbucks customer doesn't really care about workers' rights but would go starry-eyed
at the first never the signs of corporate responsibility. They're going after the Starbucks customer
whatever that is. Who is that like a pseudonym intellectual? I don't know. I like Starbucks.
Like I said, it's coffee. Yeah, but it's coffee like it's designer coffee man. That's just coffee.
They got sugar-free moco latte frappuccinos. Actually there's a Starbucks in the
Eaton Center. I was there if you told me that we could agree and the problem being that even with
my glasses I couldn't read the menu. They'll read it to you old man. No I'm serious my eyesight's
great but I mean just the print is so teeny tiny up there on that thing you know. Just that's
for a sugar-free frappuccino. Yeah. Sugar-free crappuccino. Does it leave a gooey trail? Oh extra
gooey. If it's got coffee and it believed me it'll leave a goo trail for me. The people that hang
out in Starbucks are the suits. Uh-huh. People hang out there? Yeah it's like a hang out.
Oh that marching fortuit crowd? Yeah that's what I'm saying. It's some tradition. Oh because it's
a hot spot. Go to the coffee shop. Right. Cliff says on the facts just thought I'd let you know I've
heard this state of Florida called every name in the book show last night. One of the
train talking head shows referred to it as the redneck river era. Yeah that's not bad. Okay thanks
for- I heard that before. Don't stay away too long for unless you want to. The redneck river era.
Redneck heaven. Uh-oh. Media ownership issues we turn to the spotlight with the FCC. You know the
anxious FCC which is why we can't say crap anymore. The FCC kicks off the first of six planned
public hearings today. They've discussed a number of broadcast ownership rules including whether
a single company should be able to own both a newspaper and a TV station and the same market.
The hearing takes place in LA a city where the Tribune company owns both the LA Times and
Channel 5 KTLA TV. Tribune is hoping the FCC will eliminate the ban but just in case
as the agency for a waiver so okay we knew its broadcast license and retain ownership of both
properties the station license expired as December 1. I wonder what our license expired.
The last time the agency we visited the ownership rules was in 2003 when it voted three to two to
raise the national audience cat for TV station owners less than restrictions on how many radio and
TV stations a company may own in the same market and allow for cross ownership of newspapers and broadcast
stations in some instances. That decision sparked a popular revolt congressional action and a
federal appeal score decision that resulted in most of the rules being sent back to the agency
for reconsideration. Look at it again and this time you get it right. You idiots. You
do ferry. The media ownership issue has now reached the same level of interest. It did in 2003
when the FCC was besieged with complaints from media consolidation flows on both the right and the left.
This time around the marquee issue the national broadcast audience cat is off the table. After the
FCC voted in 2003 to expand the number of American households to a single TV broadcast company could
reach from 35 to 45 percent Congress intervened setting the limit of 39 percent. The same percent
as viewers that the nation's two largest TV broadcasters news corp and CBS corp reached at the time.
After there's one more person than 39 percent we're going to knock them off the air.
Tuesday's meeting today's meeting will consist of seven hours of comment and public participation
and be conducted in Los Angeles and El Segundo. Several witnesses have been invited
including members of the entertainment and TV industries. Former FCC chairman the anxious
Michael Powell was criticized for conducting only one public hearing three years ago before the
Commission voted on the media ownership rules. Current FCC chairman the almost as anxious Kevin
Martin has taken a different approach promising six meetings and all with future sites yet to be
announced. I wonder how Don Martin is doing in the magazine. I think he's dead isn't he? I don't know.
I haven't seen him in a long time. Now what was that cartoon he used to draw? Something or no one
does that what was that wasn't on Martin? Well I haven't read who wasn't some other game.
I don't know how to look that up. Martin Short. Yeah he was. He's Canadian too by the way we're
embarrassed to say nothing's perfect. Your girlfriend Pam Anderson she's Canadian. Martin Short
Canadian. Yeah. Who's somebody else we can't stand and Marie Canadian. And who's that other
other songstress Ocelina Deodhousie. Ocelina Deodhousie on Oh my God. Sorry I had a little lunch
on my holiday I was profusely about Brian Adams. Yeah another kind of a Brian. You fairy.
1524 votes on the pool. I think we got 16 licked if you ask me. The biggest day of the
year. Oh yeah. Yeah. And Traded Elmo will fulfill your every desire. You're like that
very done. Yeah. Oh boy. That must be Bipper. Delivering the top of all his pizza. Yeah. And Traded
Elmo available in the back room behind the curtain of a toy store near you.
About 45 at 560 WQM. A Turkish play. This is from Bryndisi Italy.
Yep. Never been there. I don't even know where that is. A Turkish playing carrying 113 people
was hijacked today by two Turks protesting pro Benedict's upcoming visits to Turkey
landed safely in Italy and Bryndisi, according to a Turkish national airline official.
The official said that to indicate that they were ready to serve serenity authorities. The
plane departed Tarana, Albania and was headed to West Istanbul, Turkey when the high what did I
say when the high jackers announced their intentions over Greek airspace. These spokesmen said on
Turkish TV. Most rumours that Turkish tampi although it will pull your teeth and your
filling zone. Not necessarily that order. The plane sat out in SOS and Greek defense ministry
planes escorted the aircraft out of Greek airspace. Greek officials learned their
attack in counterparts. The plane carrying 117 passengers and six crew landed at a military
airport in Bryndisi on the heel of Italy's boot. The airline spokesman said the two men
commandeered the plane to protest pro Benedict's upcoming visit to Turkey and because they were
angered over the post-reasoned commas, quoting a 14th century scholar about Islam.
And the Italian Air Force F-16 fighter jet intercepted the Turkish Boeing 737,
forced it to land at Bryndisi and air force official told Reuters.
Any audio to it. Pats, passengers and crews are under no threat, they be saying.
Thanks God. Now, here's a little bit more.
I don't want to listen to this whole press conference. Not using the eyeball system,
but restrained in that their legs were restrained. So we're tied together,
somewhere tied just a moment. Yeah. And of course, how come we had the more than one
cube of KY-Jellian there? He must have had some plans. Maybe there was small tubes.
Schoolhouse killer Charles Carl Roberts, four-city molested minor family members 20 years ago.
And we're streaming about molesting again, police said today. The assault today killed a
policy. Man, make sure we got it. They saw Monday kill five girls wounded six others before
Roberts killed himself. Police are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack.
It's pretty clear to us based on the actions that he took, that he intended to go into
high school, said Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Jeffrey Miller. Now we believe
this had nothing to do with the Amish, but it had to do with his victims age range,
which was young female students ages 6 to 13. And we believe he did not intend to come out alive.
Well, you know, good intentions. Yes, success. Roberts also said he was mad at God for the
death of his premature baby Elise born nine years ago. He was mad. He's angry.
Was Miller said Roberts called his wife Monday morning and said, I'm not coming home. The police
are here. Then Miller said Roberts stated, I molested some minor family members.
Family members, there were three or four years old, 20 years ago. And he mentioned in the suicide,
noting it's having dreams of molesting again. Police said KY-Jellian lubricant was found in
the schoolhouse where the assault occurred, but there's no evidence that the victims were
sexually assaulted in any way. Miller said both sides of Roberts family were
interviewed, including his parents and his wife. They said they had no knowledge of any molestation
by Roberts affecting any family member or anybody else. Co-workers said he had stopped chatting
and joking in recent days. He was a sullen. The commercial milk truck driver lived in nearby
Bart pencil, many with his wife and three kids. Commercial milk truck driver. What does that mean?
Like I said, he delivered milk to stores and stuff from like, like,
a 7-o-month distributor. Exactly. What kind of stores have they got there in Amish Country?
I guess they got to walk to the store right and take the horse and buggy. I bet you they have a farm
stores. Witten surprised me even a little bit. Similar. Could have spurred him on. It's very possible.
But I truly believe based on what we know that this was a very deeply disturbed individual,
but he wasn't disturbed in the sense that people could pick up on that at the surface. He was
very deeply troubled underneath and I think it was just a matter of time before he did something
given what he was dealing with at that time. He was undetectably disturbed. How's that?
Satellite. Same-sex couples in Rhode Island eager to take advantage of a suffix superior
court judge's ruling last week. Fathered that their state does not prohibit gay marriage,
began making plans this last weekend. The Marian Massachusetts. The ruling was the first
of all, same-sex couples from outside Massachusetts to Mary since the Supreme Court,
the Supreme Judicial Court's 2003 ruling that legalized gay marriages in Massachusetts.
It marched the S.J.C. rule the state could use in 1913 law to stop out-of-state couples from
marrying here if the marriage was forbidden in their home state. In Rhode Island, where the law
refers to a bride and groom, but doesn't explicitly prohibit gay marriage, same-sex couples said
yesterday they hoped to marry soon before the state's general assembly's got a chance to change
law when it meets again in January. As we all know, anything can happen and it's fair to say
they were paranoid. It's a judy MacDell 50, a sociologist from Providence who started making
plans to bury her partner 13 years. We're hoping there won't be any more obstacles, but we feel
urgency because we can't know for sure, he said. But the gay and lesbian advocates and defenders
in Boston advise same-sex couples to allow some time for a city in town cursed to implement
the judges' ruling since May of 2004 when the state first began allowing gay marriage about
8500 same-sex couples have married according to the group. Folks should call the clerk's office
to make sure they're ready to start issuing licenses said, Carissa Cunningham spoke to them for
the group. There isn't any legal reason that couples from Rhode Island can't just come up here
and get married. It may just be administrative hold-ups. It's a hold-up. But opponents of same-sex
marriage, including the diocese of Providence, are hoping the ruling will spur Rhode Island to pass
a lot of finding marriage as union of a man and a woman. This ruling has created a legal
affixion to the Reverend Bernard Healey, director of the diocese official office of government
this is a wake-up call we need to be more vigilant in promoting and protecting
traditional marriage. Maybe this will help some people sitting on the fence.
Oh, sitting on the fence I sure hope they don't wreck them. Get that injured.
An happy band? Yeah, well the arts dies. These what they know about gay marriage or stuff like that
all those activities, huh? I'm sure nothing about the first thing you said.
Gay. 1550 baby on your AM dial, 1550 votes. Tortured Canadian wins battle for truth.
Four years after he was detained as a suspected terrorist, Meyer Aarara's name has finally been
cleared. This is in the Guardian UK. Remember him? No. Four years ago, Canadian Meyer Aarara was
detained on a routine airport stop over in the US. He ended up in Syria where he was imprisoned
and tortured for 10 months. You don't remember this? I just talked about him a few days ago. I do
know. When he was released by the Syrians and returned to Canada, he started asking how he had
been targeted as an Islamic terrorist. His search for answers has made him in a national celebrity
and is likely to end with an apology from the Prime Minister himself. Late last month, the public
inquiry created a very connection to terrorism and criticized the RCMP, the rock-and-a-dian mounted
polis, for feeding American officials misleading information about him. Last week, RCMP commissioner
Juliano Zachardelli finally offered Mr. Aarara a full apology. I wish to take this opportunity to
express publicly to you and your wife and your children how truly sorry I am for whatever
part of the actions of the RCMP may have contributed to the terrible injustices you experience and
the pain that you and your family endured. Justice Dennis O'Connor, or he could sure tap
that is pretty good, who led the public inquiry found that the police had passed quality intelligence
reports to US authorities that it very likely led to his arrest at JFK Airport in New York
in the very beginning of his nightmare. He couldn't say for sure because the Americans refused
to participate in the inquiry, based on the flimsiest of evidence, the fact that he was an acquaintance
of a man in the America suspected of being a terrorist, the RCMP told American officials that
Mr. Aarara was suspected of links to Al Qaeda. They continued to feed questions about him to
with Syrian captors, even as candidates foreign affairs minister was working to get him out of the
dark narrow Syrian jail cell, Mr. Aarara called the grave. Even after the Syrians released Mr. Aarara
finding no evidence of terrorist leaks, the RCMP ran a smear campaign, leaking details to report
his about a confession he had made while he was being tortured. How unusual somebody making
confession while they're being tortured. Director O'Connor also reported that the RCMP had not been
strained with the government officials about its role. The House of Commons is also apologized to
Mr. Aarara. Prime Minister Stephen Harper, George Bush, George W. Bush Jr., is expected to do so
once the government reaches a financial settlement with him who suffers from depression and post-traumatic
stress syndrome as he is all of his ordeal. And it goes on, add a link.
Syran America, baby. Stephen Harper of course wanted to suck up to Bush. He wants to be like a
George W. Bush, the tooth is what he's all about. By the way, you'll be pleased to know the five
girls still in the hospital from that shooting is doing very well. So hopefully they won't be changing
that you ever know, Mo. That's the number they kept changing and changing. Our poll number is changing.
We got 1,557 votes and I wouldn't be surprised if we had over 900 reads on that story about the chat room.
I'm checking. I'm looking at the stats from yesterday. 909, how do you like that? Was I right or what?
I wouldn't surprise me if we get over a thousand people remember,
Mark Foley instant message chats of congressional page. It was the boys that was doing the talk.
Not.
The biggest name. So best talent to the business. Neil Rogers.
For 20560.
Jolly W.
And I dish up through the Neil Rogers one to yeah.
It's a new season, a new network and a new attitude for the Gilmore girls.
Love, thanks for coming to Yale for parents weekend.
Oh, I wouldn't miss it for the world, Rory.
Time for younger shots.
Wow, you're more girls gone wild.
Wow, Rory, your mom is so cool.
She just won the banana eating contest.
Yeah, isn't she the best?
It's all fun and games until mother daughter rivalry worries. It's ugly half.
Mom, I'm Jerry trying to beat me into what's easier contest.
Skins two wins.
If you can't stand it, get out of the kitchen.
How do my name is Puppet Guy?
Woohoo!
Laura, lie.
I hate hanging wags.
It's all about friends, family and flashing on Gilmore girls gone wild.
Oh, right.
One o'clock at 5.60 W.
And of course two o'clock usually it's the mad dog,
but they we got that big press conference by the Marlins to not something
that we already know.
Joe Gerardi fired you out, Joe.
So it's true he's going to Chicago to manage the Cubs.
That's the rumor.
Oh my god.
Woof!
Talk about a death wish.
Well, at least there will be some people in the games anyway.
We're gonna be feeling it.
That's true.
At the Wiggly Pigley Field, there's some, uh,
so Joe Gerardi is getting canned and Larry Beanstalk.
Larry in the Beanstalk will be long at two o'clock.
And then the mad dog will follow the press conference.
And I'm sure Rip them and ask that they deserve.
Then we got the power hour with Hank at a mad dog four o'clock.
Hank Goldberg, five to seven.
Geldy and I, seven to ten.
No!
Including eight to ten at Florida Panthers pre-season special
and he can't at ten o'clock.
No games tonight because we got Panthers season
don't start until uh, Friday I guess.
Got the Bruins game.
Well, I'm in the hockey season.
The NHL starts tomorrow.
Got MLB playoffs on right now.
We know why?
Baseball playoffs start today.
All right now?
That's right.
Who's carrying that?
What network is that on?
ESPN.
Oh ESPN.
Well, I don't got no ESPN but I do have a TSN.
Wouldn't surprise me if it's on TSN.
No.
Rolex spirit of yachting is on there.
What the hell am I gonna do by the way?
Huh?
Said, well that's exciting.
Well, where the hell am I gonna find that?
Are you sure who the hell's playing?
Well, there's the young in the horny.
One of these sports networks is gonna have it somewhere.
It's not.
No, not on there.
You're in the right.
Shell, uh,
Shell's where I go.
There's only a palm or a hundred years ago.
There's motorcycle racing.
Here's Flam.
These twin stands are hoping that
with their age, Santana,
and their,
sounds like John Miller to me.
That's a boy looking.
Moving on when this series is over.
Oh, there's Joe Morgan next to him there.
Looking like he usually does.
I told you he's a big fan of you.
You want to know why?
Why?
That's a rumor thing.
Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah, because rumor in him are tight as a snared rum.
They used to work in ballroom or together.
Remember when John Miller did the oil game?
I'd be where you were going.
I don't know how long ago that was.
But anyway, uh,
yeah, the two of them are pretty tight.
So he probably,
he probably turned Miller on to my show.
You know, John's like, oh, that guy's, uh-huh.
What's that all about?
Well, where do you come up with this stuff?
He's a big fan of mine.
Do I Miller?
Um, I just make sure I used to do the Marlin games
and I've met the guy a couple times.
You met John Miller a couple times, God.
Can I kiss your ring?
Oh, sorry.
I met your cube.
Sorry, he's over it.
That's right.
Check ID is okay.
Check ID.
That's my suggestion.
All you perverts out there.
Check ID.
Do not be risking your entire livelihood
and your career in Congress
and whatever else you aspire to be
by a deal with like miners.
Cool miners.
That's okay if they're old enough.
But not like your regular miners.
God.
Lakonia, New Hampshire.
Never been there, though.
I've been to Rockingham to Salem, New Hampshire.
Police said a couple arguing about their marriage
when the wife grabbed an axe
and charged that her husband chasing him around the house.
Maybe she just wanted to ask him a question.
The axe is considered a collector's item
as used for display.
But investigators said it's got a very sharp blade
and it's capable of causing serious injury or death.
Oh!
Linda Massey, 50 defender of self-incorrupt money
and called the axe a toy.
I didn't threaten to kill him or anything she said.
And investigators said the couple had been drinking
and Massey's husband totally what?
A wanted believer, excuse me.
The argument then became violent, getting soaked up.
Police said that while chasing her husband,
Massey destroyed several things inside
their home and cleaning her glass door and his car.
Her husband ran to a neighbor's house
where he locked the door and called the police.
What a whim.
What a whim.
Why did he just shoot the bitch?
I don't know.
Take the other way.
Yeah, I'm really American.
If he's a real guy, snack with that axe.
Well, let's see.
Here's the facts.
Mar...
It's a...
Mark Foli is just stupid.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Well, that's on our poll.
It's not doing all I will.
It's way down the list.
Says what homosexual man has in France
and especially hence some 16-year-old young man
mature for his agent thought,
Hmm, if only you were legal.
I know I have answers to facts
and you probably have two, Neil.
Foli's faux pas was that he acted on those impulses.
Well, I mean, is this debate?
It was just like the rocket science
that this fact service tell us?
It must be.
Good God.
And now, self-appointed stewards of the public
moral compass like Bill O'Reilly,
if this is the right one here,
I'm not going to read that.
I'll play the gay card,
blaming Foli's lack of self-control on the sexuality.
Note to old trolls, it says,
keep into your pants as young ones
don't need the stigmata of your stupid actions.
The stigmata.
Wow.
I wonder if this stigmata
let the gootrailed back in biblical times, you think?
Let's dig in.
A bloody gootrailed.
Well, anyway, so what does this really tell us?
Okay, I mean, you know, the guys just,
I guess, be honest and admit that we've all looked at somebody
who looks really hot and thought,
boy, oh boy, if they were just like, you know,
a year or two older or whatever the hell they do.
Of course, who hasn't done that?
Except the liar, right?
Right.
But like I said before, you know,
if you're in the, see if you're like
into nine and 10-year-olds,
you got a real problem because even if you wait a year or two,
you're still a pervert and we're going to fry your ass, you know?
Right.
My suggestion to those people is go to Thailand,
go to Costa Rica, just get out of the, get that out, get lost.
Aaron Glance, oh, I don't know if I can say Glance.
I'm going to just want to glance.
What was I just want to look by?
Right.
That was your name?
Just look.
Come on, you could do it.
I know I can do it.
Doris Troy.
What a memory.
Doris Troy, just one look.
Are you kidding me?
Wow.
You have to question my, oh my God.
Doris Troy.
Right.
There it is. Good song.
Yeah, that's good.
Just one look and then run away.
Okay. Are you not sure if they look like, maybe jailbaits
and run like hell for the hill.
Yeah, I'm not so.
Okay. Thanks Doris.
Lights off for light cigarettes, right?
Aaron Glance, health groups are rejoicing this week after a federal judge
in the U.S. gave the go ahead to the largest class action lawsuit in U.S. history.
Smokers of light and low-tires cigarettes are suing tobacco companies, accusing them of fraud
and seeking up to $200 billion in damages.
I think these lawsuits are crap.
You know, like anybody who's smoking in Faggot doesn't know that they're going to give
him a big tumor or whatever in the hell.
It's like eating crispy cream donuts.
That's right.
Like eating 20 or 30 with a sitting or like eating a hot gondias of banana ice cream.
Like I did yesterday, a point.
Oh no.
Banana nut.
You are a bad guy.
You are a bad guy.
I'm a good partner.
You are a banana nut.
That's correct.
It's addictive.
They ought to be sued.
I'm going to sue their ass.
I put all my sugar in there.
No, they just like the crispy cream donuts.
They put all their sugar in there because they want you to be addicted to it.
You know, and just can't eat it even only 10.
Assume them for making it yummy.
That's right.
The plan is to let tobacco companies do years ago that Smokers tend to smoke light cigarettes
harder, taking deep-ward drags and smoking more cigarettes.
I don't even like that.
Deep-ward drags.
Even with the health effect, they say, is the same as regular cigarettes, an increased
risk for disease and death, bronchitis, emphysema, cancer, all of these things.
It's time that we start holding them accountable for this fraud, sent to you howling at the
California-based Americans, for non-smokers rights told one world that the tobacco companies
knew and would tell them information about the health effects of so-called light, low-tar
and natural cigarettes and that they were seemingly less hazardous, but they knew
in fact from their own research that they were not only damaging the smokers, but to
non-smokers as well through second-hand smoke.
In his ruling, Monday, Mr. Judge Jack Weinstein echoed Health advocate saying, the claim is
that the carcinogenic other adverse effects smokers sought to avoid were not reduced by
smoking light rather than other cigarettes.
The defendants knew this was the case, that they concealed this fact, that they urged
plenty of advertising and other public statements to smoke these lights, knowing smokers would
be misled, because they were taking a deeper drag.
The tobacco companies, including US-based Philip Morrison, R.J. Reynolds have out-of-what-peel
the ruling.
Regardless, the days of light and low-tar cigarettes on the shelves American stores,
it says here are likely to be over.
It's over.
That's because of a court victory by the federal government, a separate racketeering case
last month.
In that case, Judge Gladys Kessler, a fundamentalist of tobacco firms, and violated racketeering
laws in the conspiracy stretching back to the 50s during which time they had sought to maximize
profits while the receiving smokers about the extent of their research into health risks
associated with cigarettes, with those packets.
They tobacco companies responsible for the case of the ruling surprised many observers
rather than contesting their findings, they asked for a clarification.
If they stopped selling light and low-tar cigarettes domestically, could they continue
to market them abroad?
It's an absolute outrage that they want to be able to do overseas, but they're not going
to be allowed to do in the US at Ross Hammond, organized by the Global Tobacco Control Policy
Framework, which converts the cigarette smoking worldwide.
They have absolutely no shame yet, and I think they're just cutting on people not paying
attention.
Absolutely.
Only an industry that survived 50 years by deceiving the American public on a continuing
irregular basis when I've trouble complying with the order that tells them simply to tell
the truth, Matthew Myers, President of a campaign for tobacco-free kids in the statement.
That's right, all your kids out there if you're going to like the light off, make sure
it's not a cigarette, right?
That's what George says.
That's right.
No one's talking about that yet.
It is very clear that the main product of the state tobacco company of townland is for
adult men, said a woman whose name I couldn't possibly pronounce.
They don't target women or children, but right now you see their national brands provide
a greater variety of choice.
You don't only see red marble or you see light marble, low-tarmoral bro and every other
variety of moral bro.
In response to the inundation of foreign cigarette advertising, Thailand's health ministry
implemented its own ban on light and low-tarm cigarettes last month.
The measure has no enforcement provision, no one since Thailand's government was just
overthrown in a military coup.
It may take some time to implement, all depending on the new guys.
Bring alignment.
I met their smoke.
So how do I help people with this broadcast?
You're going to get one and two of them got a major baseball playoff.
That's the first game.
Oakland, Minnesota, who cares about this game?
You care about this, Josh?
The twenties.
Yeah?
Get out of here.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
I like baseball.
You're right, dude.
The first one is a good overspatched by a 92 model and now it will be...
Oh, it's Jason Kendall.
Did they name a place in the Florida after him?
Kendall, they won a home run.
There's an excellent two-strike killer and that caught his chest, though.
Okay.
We don't have the rights to be hearing this game.
How can you be putting that on the air?
What's wrong with you, man?
Uh-oh.
Wondered home for terrorists puppies.
Portland, New York, describing abandoned puppies as terrorists and classified as
It doesn't seem like a good way to get them adopted unless you're in the animal rescue world of poly-young
Young director of Mount Burton's animal shelter learned last month at four rat terrier pups were about to be euthanized in New York City
So she swooped in picked them up and brought them to her five acre spread in Westchester County
Then she called the journal news in order today two week three line ad that says twin rat terrorists 11 months adorable full of fun
Young and down and full of fun
You know often see teres in durable in the same description, but young sent you was just being honest
They can be little terror she said they ate a 12 pound white butter scratch and black short-haired terriers
Name Jack Jackie Milo and Dino who were playing happily on a second-story deck on a recent morning and were perfectly friendly to an
Visitor white butter scratch and black short-haired terriers
Don't be fooled by those sweet looking faces in sook years their fierce hunting instincts are luckily to terrify any prey
If you're wearing a pair of slippers that look like bunnies
They'll think it's the greatest thing in the world. They'll attack them more young and they're very energetic
Jack jumped off the deck to great me the other day. He said she said
It said young since he advertised the little terriers by two because people would be more likely to adopt two than four and as a
Monday she had found a home for just one Jack who was adopted by a
Woman and a 11 year old daughter in Pirmont, New York when young placed the ad the woman taking down the copy
Bought it terrorist she said you mean terrier
I said no you really want to say that I said yes
Terrorist young said she's from a military family didn't think the word teres would offend anybody
And so nothing wrong with using it to attract attention and it did young said that since September 21 when they had first
appeared in paper non-line. She's easy about 75 calls
Some were interested in adopting the dog so much and now kind of the Irish Republican army and a man named Todd called from Colorado to say
I love your aunt about the twin rat terrorist. We just put it up on the refrigerator
The end was especially notable among fluffy reduction notices for a wheat interior soft coated in Yorkie puppies toy and T cup sizes
Oh a T cup size dog
Make tiny look like a monster
What kind of a dog is that what kind of a person gets a little dog its size of a T cup?
My wife get out of here your dog is that small that side of a T cup. It's a Pomeranian five pounds. They'll fit in your pocket
Yeah, how about the dog that too young who's in her 40s and a mother of her grown son had a soft spot for the hard cases of the animal world
And state license wildlife rehab was been on and who's been an actress journalist in restaurant owner
She has a series of sheds and cages being at her house for rabbits raccoons even deer recovering from injury or the trauma like loss of a mother
How do you know if a deer lost its mother?
Does it tell you they're a sea bambi? Oh dear
This week two raccoons were launching the rafters of their shed ignore an open door to freedom
There's also a pen for a big newbie in goat named Billy boy
I actually really stinks in that place while then there are her own pets including three tiny pomeranians and diapers and
She says I don't know how many cats. Now cute. No three tiny pomeranians and diapers
I guess that's so they only that functions boot rail
That's what Chris Matthew is worried about those emails was the boot rail and if he's got any brains left at all
If he quits drinking maybe Mark Folio start worrying about his boot rail to
Rogers for radio 560
