Hi! Good morning!
Good morning!
Niels next!
The music stress on the previous programs are those of the host, Gert and Collar,
as you not reflect those of the music...
God, that was kind of a brough for the museum.
Wow!
The oil. God?
What is it?
That heating player.
Oh.
He's going.
He's going.
He's going.
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey!
Yeah, why the hell would you care whether anybody's watching us?
He's got a contract to pay her 15 million a year to have that black eye and all that extra man.
You're scared of him.
What's all the she-care, right?
Right.
Well, she's on some kind of an ego trip.
What would you rather have the 15 million or a big fat ego?
How could I have both?
I'll take the money, thank you.
No.
I didn't see any numbers for last night.
Don't they do it every night?
They have the new old-school nights.
The old-school nights?
I'm over there, yeah.
Must have been holding up the rear again.
Anyway, here's the bad news from Iraq to get us started.
What is the day?
Is it Wednesday, September 13?
Wow.
How come you never read any of the good news from Iraq?
There's no need.
Although that's in the wheels almost done.
Oh, that's in the wheels almost done.
The one that Laura Bush was raven about.
She was trailing about it.
I'm in Japan.
In Japan, she was trailing.
Let's see, we got Mad Dog at two of the power hour with Mad Dog at Hank at four.
The reason I read the line up so much lately is because there's this tremendous campaign going on.
Wild Boards, newspaper TV, not.
So with somebody like that.
And by the way, Kenny and Boba are new morning show.
Giving tremendous promotion too, not.
Hank between five and six thirty.
Another one of those show is Boy Hill.
He'll pay for it tomorrow when he has to work two hours five to seven.
But anyway, he's off at six thirty because this is the rubber game.
Am I right to ask the rubber game of the series?
That's right.
If you like your rubber.
Marlins of the match, they glutally lost that loss six to four.
Well, and they had bad news because they had a chance to come within a game in a wild card.
It's Andy who lost.
Am I right?
Yes, they did it.
If the Marlins would have held on a one-out game, they would.
And there were fifteen thousand and uh...
163 allegedly.
Which means there were about nine or ten thousand people there and three or four thousand met fans.
So what is that?
You know, what does that have left over?
Not much.
We want to state, um, it's a great sports time.
I want to joke.
Marlins in the match, seven, oh five, foul, by the Eddie Kaplan show.
Here's that good news from Iraq.
Police recovered 60 bodies over the past day across Baghdad.
Most of them bound and tortured.
Highlighting how sectarian death squads are still plaguing the Iraqi Kaplan despite a major security.
And of course, Ann Bar province.
You know what they're saying now?
Hmm.
One word about Ann Bar province.
But God about it.
Oh, it's only like that big chunk about a thirty-eight pound.
Yeah, well.
Two car bombs targeting police killed twenty-two people during the morning and wooded another seventy-six today.
The first killed fourteen outside Baghdad's traffic police headquarters, a second bomb.
But targeted police guarding electricity station in the east of the city.
The death of another US soldier was confirmed in Ann Bar province and a US soldier was also killed overnight near Baghdad.
But whose counting is we're getting closer and closer to three thousand?
Just amazing.
And it also says in this article, shouldn't let that out.
Oh no, that's old.
Hundred people a day dying in Iraq.
But they're Iraqis.
We don't care about them.
Even though we are there to liberate them and bring them democracy and freedom.
We're bombing them in a democracy.
Lettered, chronic lettered, faxed, disin and skewed.
Looks like it's from the herald.
Can't usually tell what paper they're talking about.
Print, huh?
If you read the paper, maybe.
There may be not.
Maybe this is hard to tell.
Anyways, give me a kiss.
And they've shown that thing with the Joey Porter and Bill Kauer about what?
Four million times?
Yeah.
And even worse than that.
And they wanted to show all of the sports kisses of all time.
Didn't he kiss him on the neck?
Interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah, I saw that.
I don't know what that means when so a guy kisses another guy on the neck.
Yeah.
It says in light of the kiss dealer's linebacker, Joey Porter planted on Kauer after he ran back in interception 42 yards for the game clinching touchdown against the dolphins last week.
Nick Sabin was asked if any of his players ever shared a smooch with him.
Here's his response.
He said, yeah, a lot of them.
When we win, I'm happy.
I hugged them, kissed them, rubbed their neck, loved them and do all kinds of stuff.
Brack them.
Wow.
And of course, he didn't elaborate on what that means, all kinds of stuff.
One can only be given to imagine, right?
Right.
I'm imagining.
The company that produces the girls god wild tapes of young women varying their breasts,
connecting in other sexual situations, pleading guilty yesterday to federal charges and agreed to pay fines totaling $2.1 million.
That small, that small potatoes in there.
Yeah, they got that.
Can you imagine how much of that crap they're peddling man?
They must be ricking that much in your VR.
It's a great product.
They have their own island.
Do they really?
Yeah.
I'll be there.
I don't know where is it.
I had no idea.
It's called Girl's Gone Wylened.
Mantra Films Inc. based in Santa Monica, California made the plea and resisted court in Florida.
In Florida, on charges of failing to maintain proof of age and ID for its young performers and sexually explicit films.
See, that's the thing we ran up against.
That's why we, and thank you again to that.
I'm sure they're not listening anymore because you ripped them on here.
But thanks to the person in Broward who sentenced that fax a year ago in June when we had to take off the B.D. Curtin thing.
Because otherwise, we would never know about it.
And then Eric's ass would have been in a ringer.
And you think the beesleaves would have done anything to save for Eric?
No.
We all been in deep crap.
Let's see, it also failed the label of DVDs and videotapes properly as required by Federal Law.
That's what they're getting fined to the floor.
2.1 million.
A second company owned by Mantra's founder, MRI Holdings LLC, entered in a deferred agreement on charges of improper labeling.
Under that agreement with prosecutors charges to be dismissed after three years if MRI Holdings cooperates with the future government prosecutors and covers up some of them boobies.
Not.
The two companies in their founder, Joseph Francis, will pay 2.1 million fines of restitution.
Separate state charges in Florida, alleging that two 17-year-old girls were videotaped by girls who owned wild camera man and sexual situations are still pending against Mantra and Francis.
Today's agreement ensures that girls gone wild will comply with an important law designed to prevent these sexual exploitation of minors and puts other producers on notice that they must be in compliance as well, said assistant attorney general, Alice Fisher.
An attorney for Mantra, Aaron Dyer, said the company would clean up its record keeping.
The charges involved serious record keeping issues that occurred several years ago.
According to court papers, Mantra films admitted to violating the record keeping and labeling laws while distributing the videos during 2002 and all of 2003.
Founded in 1997, they released 83 different havelers and sold 4.5 million videos and DVDs in 2002.
According to their Hoover's Inc. business data from an Austin text.
4.5 million videos and DVDs in 2002.
So let's see. What would you say? What's the average card? Like 20 bucks 30?
No, you get like 3 or 10 bucks. That's what Josh heard.
Oh, don't tell me you've got those videos now.
I've had it gone wild.
I had them already when I got this laptop. They were already on the drive, if you will.
Get out of here.
Or along with other things. I don't want to talk about it. But yeah, long. Yeah.
I'd like to find out where the hell that stuff came from, by the way.
Including that part.
Not seriously. Who the hell do I know that I who would put that on there?
See what I'm saying? Oh, you know, I, well, yeah, you just drive the drive.
I think that child had many serious problems.
Yeah, we were the less that we always scratch the surface.
Yeah. I would burn that computer if I was you.
We did idea. We set fire to it and so what do you think about that?
So what do you have in times? Well, if it's average 3 bucks a piece,
is what you're saying 3 bucks a pop?
That's about 12, 12, 12, 13 million.
So what's 2.1 million, right?
That's 12, 13 million a year.
And I'm sure with their creative marketing, they're doing better than that.
Let's see. Larry sends a fax.
Boy, I tell you we're off to the races today. What's going on here, man?
It's a Wednesday. It's the middle of the week. It's murky and rainy and drippy here.
It's really pretty, pretty mong kind of a day.
A federal prosecutor said yesterday in Monday,
it won't charge a Jupiter Florida man with conspiracy to commit wire fraud
for a flood of spam emails to President Bush's website.
Assistant US attorney David Ames Siegel.
So I wonder if he's kind of Al Siegel, used to do the news on WOTC in Rochester 100 years ago.
He's, I mean, dead Al Siegel.
Assistant US attorney David Siegel told a judge she should reject arguments
that Bush's chief of staff Carl Rowe caused the criminal investigation against Robert McAllister.
What, whatever that means.
Larry says nice idea. This guy gets pressed for some bullshit
and W gets away with murder and high crimes. All I well know that.
As a matter of fact, the newest pulls already pressing only 30%.
About 30, man.
Americans think that Bush ought to be impeached.
And 69% said no.
How do you like that?
That is seen or what?
It should be the other way around. 98% say, yeah, impeaches ass
and all this murder and bloodshed. But the American people are stupid, man.
And there's still a whole bunch of them saying that Sodom was,
oh, wife, moist, dirt, huh?
Here's yesterday's poll. This was the important stuff.
Who has the best ass?
The Hudson.
1,541 votes.
JLo, see, they still think it was who had the biggest ass, not the best ass.
Bigger is not always better.
That's right.
I've been saying that all my life and nobody believes it yet.
JLo, 290.
I hate this poll, 194.
But that one went down to 12.5%.
Now, like, what, what today have we got on today's poll for just, I hate this, uh,
oh, I didn't put it on there.
Good.
Wait a minute. I didn't put it on there.
Oh, that's my bad. You better add that right now.
Boy, I never leave that off. What the hell is that all about?
Although we do have 802 votes, it will make the 1000 probably by,
by 11 something.
But, uh, get that on there right away.
Please, who has the best ass JLo, 290?
I hate this poll, 194.
Angelina Jolie, 170.
The beast has a lovely,
199.
No, not lovely.
Just gigantic, huge.
This thing is in apartment complex.
Mariah Carey, she really a scary 101.
I don't, Shakira, who was late edition, she moved out very nicely.
84.
Mm-hmm.
And if I would have left that out a little bit longer, she was going zooming up.
I'd have taken it.
Vita Gatorra, 81.
The Jessica Alba, 68.
Jessica Beale, 66.
How come Jessica Walder didn't get any?
Oh, God.
Play Misty 4.
Okay.
Britney 64, Tom Brady 61.
How do you like that?
Britney Boy, how you have fallen, sweetheart.
She just barely edgeed out Tom Brady's ass.
Sophia Vergara, 48.
Oprah, 41.
Man, talk about gigantic and huge.
Beyonce, 40.
Great edition.
Yeah.
It's Misty.
Tom Krueh.
How'd you like to find that?
Thanks to me.
Yes.
Oh, it makes it like it had to be complete.
I'm not really all that big on all that old, you know, Jazzy R.C. Farcy, but never
say great song.
You're all growner and this guy's laughing.
Yeah, that's all right.
Probably would lounge with him.
Yeah.
Beyonce, 40.
Tom Krueh's 26.
Carl, that's your Hanson 25.
Inga Marger, Hanson didn't make the cut.
Kate Hudson, 18, even though she has no ass.
Thank you for the picture, brother.
She had no ass.
And the horse face.
Right.
And there are no boobies.
Right.
And she can't act.
But at the end.
But she was there at the football game with Tommy, Dolores, Stephanie, Zootzout.
That was lovely at the Redskins game.
Jennifer Connelly 16, Asked to Ask, Brady Quinn, Ty Jennifer Connelly 16.
Boy, would that be something to see those two Asked to Ask?
I'd pay to see that.
And Karly Manogh, Solomente, Tracey, 13.
Good thing.
I just remember that it's the last time.
And not a good idea to start with at a Sponule when you're out of practice with those
players.
Yeah.
I remember.
I'm not even going to ask.
I'm not even going to ask what happened to it's good because I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't want to know.
You found it.
Yeah.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Isn't it time you took this dress and wore out a last man and hurricane preparations?
And of course, looking at all those things that are forming out in the Atlantic now.
Well, the hurricane shut about led manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters.
So it could caught with your shutters down.
And now they provide you with expert installation too, by the way.
Column at 9, 5, 4, 2, 3, 7, 70, 83.
They feature rule downs, accordions and panels just like the hurricane shut about the custom
maker, even install the shutters for you.
Column right now 9, 5, 4, 2, 3, 7, 70, 83 and get on your way to top notch protection
for the rest of your life.
The hurricane shut about let's have them be on an operated license, insured and they
brought in Palm Beach County approved.
They stuck all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut
to your specs and ready for pickup or the liberal right to you.
And like I said, if you need, they'll install them for you too.
The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted.
Column at Nielsen, you'd save you some cash, feed you $100 off a minimum order of 350
square feet just for having the balls to mention my name.
The hurricane shut about let's call them at 9, 5, 4, 2, 3, 7, 7083, 2, 3, 7, 7083,
you're on the wicked web log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name of the best talent of the year is Daniel Rogers.
For 20560.
You AM.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball
here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over, you will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
10.19 is 5.60 WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm doing Gilbert.
How are you doing, sir?
I just returned from Vegas.
What a time.
I believe the last time, because I spent too much money.
I spent too much money.
I spent 800 bucks.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I spent 45 minutes of wood by a man.
I said it before.
This was public Belgium.
The idea ofит UNCHEMoting it already.
It's very interesting and można compressor-well.
I believe that i got a question, but it's possible.
But if you're going to send this to us later this afternoon where international
that's a lot of time and it says that that the due to the licensing with the uh...
with the baseball commission they won't let us play the game
and so in other words i almost like wow it's a little early for marlin's game
yeah i know i had a listen to it's never too early for marlin well yeah that's
true
anyway love you
thanks for the news belly
okay there's a little kiss on the neck for that car
that's what next day when she said he kisses him on the neck and does all kinds
of stuff with the guys if they win it you know if he's happy
he's unhappy gives him like james was a patch and focus
that was a pop in focus that's what he said
took us right to the edge of the insanity james was with those it's
what he just he gives me spookies
okay here's today's pool i should have gotten that right before those great
calls eight hundred and fifty three votes on there what person sums up what
america is today thanks to steve by the way for that uh... poll idea
well what we and we still have a lot of more from uh... pool pool man shan right
we've disappeared
now maybe he got a life i have no i think
eight hundred fifty three votes what person best sums up what america is today
and surprisingly
bush was at early that didn't think he would probably when i thought he would
but i think i think this is perfect paris helton is way out of it
she's got two hundred ninety four
and George w is got two thirty five the reason that she appetitimizes even so
much better than him is because
there's all this hoopla and big fuss and she's got nothing but somebody else's
money that's what he's got almost voted for her but i've voted for him instead
so did i
i voted for w
she's got two ninety four w's that two thirty five it's a strictly to ask
to horse raise t o tarylones fifty nine katey correct fifty six
media and that's an agent mediocrity
so it's all about as mediocre as they do to be
remember that album by a loser candle
yes i do here so what happened in my overhead just not to go
uh... just relax donald trump fifty
had roberton thirty
time cruises got
uh... third man
p-ditty twenty eight jerry fallwell twenty five
reed it and i apologize i keep putting read crossbite and over the miss cause
the don't change it eric
i mean i just i don't know what it is
i just can't stand it
i know you know it's just so sad here's it the joy of this moment in the
other
one of the things is a report out there that maybe he was dealing with
depression
and i don't know anything about that and maybe there's something
something happened to a man's a little bit
and to you know depressive drug that he was taking she must be talking about
dan abramas who's not a general manager of ms mbc because anybody that would
put her on here again would have to be on drugs i mean
i i look at her she's got that donkey face and i love you looks like a donkey's
ass and she can't speak other than that she's a brilliant journalist and and
she does these insipid uh... ask these idiotic questions
yeah
but other than that he's a great broadcaster
that you know you're a crossbite
and and she's fat
sixteen i hate this polly thirteen will we just put that on the right
one point four percent and shak of course
never heard too much about shak
he has uh... only thirteen
bringing up the rear
has gone check the shak man
so what are you gonna get his segment on the morning show now
oh any minute
that you can't help
accurate
a man wearing military fatigues and throwing punches into the air try to open
the edge of the door of a jet during crosscrunched out country flight last night
airline officials and patcher said
when i'd like under the just a little bit
a little bit
united airlines flight eight ninety from l.a. landed a scheduled in washington
dollars international airport eight thirty five p.m. nobody was injured
can wolfenberger of what your california was on a flight
told the a in p and telephone interview that he helps to do the unruly
the man wore patches on his fatigue with special forces and jiu jitsu
jitsu champion logo as wolfenberger said
you just i wonder if that's like jiu jiu beans
well boy that is what you're feeling so you know that they will
there nasty are they make all the candy they eat the movie theater so
so bad for you there you'll
like good and plenty it's the same thing as real to me and pulls out i think that
then it's must have their finger in it love good and play the way the guy on
the yes sir why the man had been acting strangely for about twenty minutes
then set up wrapped belt around his hands and through punches in the year
wolfenberger said well that would indicate a little bit of a problem to me
not not much wolfenberger said he heard a flight attendant yell for help
and tell the man sir get your hand off the handle any time you hear a flight
attendant shout please help you were that something pretty bad is going to
happen here wolfenberger said the man was held down and punched by other
passengers as he grabbed the man's leg
air miles and came into custody of the man the passenger became unruly about
three and a half hours in the flight city united spokeswoman meet megan
McCarthy after the passenger was restrained the pilot decided landed
dullis McCarthy said it wasn't an emergency landing airport police and FBI
agents met the flight we're interviewing the passenger according to the FBI
spokeswoman Debbie weirman 138 passengers crew members on board McCarthy said
and they're all having a good chuckle about it whatever not
it's not a matter right guys trying to open up the damn door although what would
you rather have going on on the airplane that or the guy that took a dump on
the food cart no yeah I definitely prefer this guy yeah from punches in the
year a little wind blown in your face you know that's yeah compared to what the
other guy was going to do to want to play now is that a bit that we can play
anymore or what I think it's safe yeah listen now don't know to get carried away
nothing is safe
what
what episode
I'm not a close-handed double-eyed girl
Listen, then sometimes they contain pure rage
Hey, she doesn't want you to think
But you start acting silly
Like happy jack the clown
You pulled your zipper and your pants
And you tried to make the most out of it
But you're over the more satisfactory here
Who would see me be lying
You tried to make the most out of it
Ready?
Now you didn't dump that, did you?
I didn't dump anything. What are you talking about?
Josh?
Huh?
Sounded like a dump to me
What is he saying?
So best talents for the business
The O'Rodgers
For radio 560
UAM
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball
We cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com
When the Marlins game is over
We were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball
We cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here
From www.wqam.com
When the Marlins game is over
Weним
P春
because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida
Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com when the Marlins game is over who
were turned to regular programming here online at wqam.com because of
restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins
baseball here online at wqam.com when the Marlins game is over who were turned
to regular programming here online at wqam.com because of restrictions by
major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here online
at wqam.com when the Marlins game is over who were turned to regular
programming here online at wqam.com because of restrictions
by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins baseball here
at www.wQAM.com. When the Marlins Game is over, we will return to regular programming
here online at wqam.com. Because of restrictions by major league baseball, we cannot stream
Florida Marlins baseball here online at www.wQAM.com. When the Marlins Game is over, we will
return to regular programming here online at www.wQAM.com. Because of restrictions by major league
Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over we will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here
online at wqam.com.
When the Marlins game is over we will return to regular programming here online at wqam.com.
You get a lot of baseball!
The few Rogers on the sports hall radio WQAS!
Coming up tonight, an insider behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were the first supergroup of the 80s.
It was an incredibly heavy burden to bear.
Although compared to say global warming, not that big a deal.
They were Asian.
We were the first to die.
Bang!
Boys out of the gate we were number one.
But our second album died completely.
What happened?
The police and Michael Jackson, that's what happened!
The first song was not prepared for Thriller and Synchronicity.
Two albums that so dominated the 1984 charts as to crush a lesser more annoying band like Asia.
Sting reflects on those heavy days.
Well, yeah we really had a...
Go to your singing!
You get back at Steve Ow and face me like a man!
For the past 25 years, Steve Ow has been lying in wait for Sting.
Never missing an opportunity to pop out from behind the building and punish him for ruining Asia's chances at success.
As for Michael Jackson, how was carried out a similar systematic plan to topple him and revenge for outselling Asia's sophomore effort?
LAPD, I may help you.
Yes, hello, I'm an Adelaide boy and Michael Jackson touched me!
Who is it?
Hello?
Well, I guess we better investigate the Athena's allegations.
Asia, so afraid of blame themselves, they lash out at others.
Hey, just like the White House.
It's a big juicy subbing with Look at Show business.
Tonight, I'm inside the behind.
How do you like that?
Remember the beginning when it wasn't PC?
They were like kissing bushes, ants and all these bits and all of a sudden wood.
Uh huh.
Slamin'em.
And Natalie Mainz of the Vixen Takes by the way, City has a dumb F.
For what it's worth, I did give them a lot of feedback over the months.
About that issue, yes.
I think you're responsible for them, finally, two of my friends.
No, I don't think I'm the only one that gave them such feedback that all their bits were bush-sucking.
I want to also give them some feedback that they keep putting stuff in there like the I.S. word, which somebody ought to read them, the FCC regulations.
Forget about the new ones, even the old ones they don't know.
Or just play for them on the phone with George Carlin, the seven dirty words bit, you know.
No, they don't get it.
You would think that there'd be an abundance of caution now, and especially for us, because Jesus God, we don't even have a license.
Anyway, moving along.
But who cares, you know what? The text still keeps coming in.
It's amazing.
And look at that.
I think we're like on a verge of 900 votes on the pool.
I just see another 9-03.
Wow.
It's just barely past 10-30.
Aren't you impressed?
I think we're off to the races, man.
If the sales department could just keep pace.
Wouldn't that some dog and pony show we had there this morning?
Whatever.
That was really great.
And then somebody Joe Bell came in and said, oh, whatever he said.
That's a quote.
Yeah.
He said, don't say this and don't say that and don't do that.
Yeah, okay, go away Joe.
Leave us alone.
And then when he asked me if I'm a hockey fan, you know, see, here's a guy that really understands me in this show.
He claims he loves this show.
He hasn't got a clue, but nevertheless, this is a follow-up to what I asked about the other day,
because Friday and Saturday, the stories were like flying all over and they had newspapers.
A sunny-house beach man who was declared a casino winner, then later was told he was a loser,
might get good news today, Casino official said, we can only pray.
Put your hands together like a praying mantra at mattress.
We hope it can come to an amicable agreement said Mike Bloom, president of the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel,
Casino near Hollywood.
Bloom blamed human error for the problem during Freddie Howard's August 29 visit to the casino,
and said he and Hard Rock executives will meet with Howard this afternoon,
and is for a lot of the other attorney Keith Herbert to discuss what to do about it.
The Hard Rock's been reeling since the Swap and Wind story broke,
and officials said they want to assure the public that they're addressing the situation properly.
Well, that's good.
Herbert and Howard said that they're ready to be assured.
We hope to hear news that is worthy of celebration, not news that were stonewalled, Herbert said.
Last month, Howard told his players club cards to the Swap and Wind Progressive Jackpot Kiosk,
inside the casino, he swiped it, and promptly was told by casino employees he had won the $259,000 plus jackpot,
almost $260.
He was even photographed holding an oversized cardboard check.
See, that's where they made the bad mistake.
You know, wouldn't you think that they would do the well?
But then 15 hours later, Howard received some bad news.
There had been a mistake.
Instead of Swap and Wind, it was Swap and Lose, or maybe Swap and Wind Nothing.
It was a human error, not a computer error, Bloom explained yesterday.
Several casino employees involved in the promotion misread results,
and assumed Howard had won the top jackpot.
Bloom would not specify how the employees erred, but said only,
they did not follow proper procedure for verifying a prize winner.
Bloom explained that after Howard had swept his players club card in the Kiosk,
it's screened never specifically indicating one any prize,
little on the top prize.
Standard procedure, when a player believes he or she is one,
is for staff to verify the prize by checking the log from the computer system,
then getting authorization from casino executives.
You all see what they do at Woodbuy, man, when somebody wins the jackpot.
When somebody did win it again in about two, three weeks ago here,
can I tell you the story about that?
You're going to cry.
Okay. I wasn't there, but I was told, because all of us, you know,
chronicly degenerates, we pass the stories around.
I'll get my hand.
But a lady friend of mine was there at the night that it happened
when he was on a Wednesday, and I guess two weeks ago, tonight,
a lady friend.
Yes, a lady camber friend, I say.
And at any rate, a guy is playing a machine, not one that I would play.
It's a double diamond wheel of horse, and I don't play those.
But anyway, the guy is playing a machine.
He puts in about $7,800 and get basically nothing.
The machine is cold, his stone cold.
And it's late at night, it's busy, and owner of people standing around waiting for a machine.
And there's a guy standing behind who will be a very patient waiting,
and a guy who is losing turns, you know where this is going, right?
I know.
He turns around and says, geez, I can't get anything out of this.
Maybe you'll have better luck than me.
Oh, yeah.
You'll try it.
He plays $7,800 and got nothing.
Okay?
He gets up, he lets the other guy sit down.
Oh, yeah.
He's a very lucky guy of all things.
And the streetlight guy sits down, puts in a $20 bill in the machine.
He gets a spin for $100, which lets him keep playing for a little bit.
A couple of minutes.
Right.
All of a sudden, three wheels of fortune, jackpot.
$166,000.
That's not a story that makes you cry.
That's a story that makes you cry.
And of course, you know, it makes you like, you know what you're doing.
Oh, yeah.
I know I would.
Yeah, I mean, the lightheaded.
See, the mistake that the other guy made is that he was still standing there watching.
Oh, yeah.
When you leave a machine, he has a lesson for all you gamblers out there.
Oh, huh.
When you leave a machine, do not stand around.
Unless you're going to the one next to it or a couple down, you can't help you know,
but see what's going on.
Don't stand around watching.
Just to wait.
That's correct.
Otherwise, you're going to get depressed.
And this guy was standing right there and he sees this guy get the $3,000 fortune.
Oh, $166,000.
And he's going in the mail.
That is correct.
So anyway, when somebody wins one of those deals, they come around.
I'm sure they do this at all casinos.
They come around and they got all this machine reanies, computers.
They hook it up.
They got this big tray that they roll in.
And they have like a thing that looks like a stethoscope.
And they're like listening.
No, Siri, I'm not joking.
They have to listen to the pulse of the machine.
Whatever they're listening to, I don't know.
And it takes them like couple of hours before they finally verify.
They have to call the hand-hands you from the Ontario Gaming Commission has to come down
and sign off on it and verify it.
Wow.
Anyway, turns out Howard didn't win anything, not even a t-shirt.
The casino broke the bed and it was two and 15 hours later.
He was crushed but is hopeful for a positive outcome this afternoon.
Good luck, Howie.
I have faith that they'll pay me after we meet said Howard, whose swipe and lose sag has been chronicle across the world.
And in national casino trade publications, although the casino blamed the mistake on human error,
it's taking no chances machinery could be a fault.
This week, the Seminole Travel Gaming Commission contracted gaming labs international,
and independent firm that specializes in examining computer systems associated with gambling devices.
And it goes down about, sometimes casinos do good, make good on mixups.
There was a case of the action traveler, Arizona, who's, that's AK-CHIN, action is next.
Whose hair is Casino in 98, pitted woman, a $330,000 prize officials had refused to pair the year before.
The tribe refused to pair the woman because it discovered a computer chip malfunction in the machine.
But after negative publicity, the casino paid up.
So let's hope Howie gets his money and everybody's happy. Wouldn't that be nice?
That would, that would be great. Even Joe Bell.
The biggest name, so best talent to be this is Leo Rogers for 20560.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball, we cannot stream Florida Marlins Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlins game is over, who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Hey, baby!
Mad 2007 is here with features never before seen in the game.
You can make the players do anything like smoke away their signing bonus.
Yeah, wreck it! Like that on that dot!
Smoke!
And some of the cheerleaders gone to media.
Oh yeah!
Okay, sorry! My bad!
You can make him go out club and get a teammate kill.
For real, but I thought we'd go back to the hotel.
Just to meet a Brock, I gotta make a stop!
Man, I'm outta here!
And you can play football!
Mad 2007 for Xbox 360 PS2 or just want sports on it and see all this happen in real players.
Just time to shut up and keep eating. Okay, shut him up a little bit man. He's out of control man.
1046 at 560 WQAM and there's the facts right away. Just like Jordan, he's like a folly like Zidane.
Lady friend!
Question of my personal destination point.
That cut my attention to, tell us more!
Oh my god!
Tell us more.
Well, what's wrong with somebody who's having a lady friend?
I don't think so.
And haven't I always tried to explain? I'm sure people realize this, but they're just too stupid to think about it.
There are different kinds of friends.
Of course.
There are many people, there are regulars that would buy them. I know them by the first name.
And then there are regular ones that I see all the time. I don't even know what their name is.
I'm just not that gregarious, outgoing kind of guy.
Oh, my name is Neo.
Who cares what they're if they tell me, fine, I'll tell them my name.
I make one up.
And so there's a lady who's quite frankly, she's a very nice person, but I feel very sorry for her because she's always there losing her ass.
How are you?
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm not that kind of a person.
Well, she, you know, does a lot of credit card stuff, you know what I mean?
A lot of visits.
A lot of visits.
And you have to wonder about whether the husbands know about some of these women.
There are a lot of women there just maxing out their credit cards.
I've never let out.
I don't want to go into that because it sounds too much like gambling to me.
And gambling is evil and they will take your money.
924 votes on the pool.
I told you by 11 something we'd have a thousand and I rocked to the races, baby.
You can almost smell the horse droppings.
Fox News reports the senator, a chafy's opponent, a conceited one.
This is from last night.
Well, this must have been one of those.
No, I didn't send you the story last night.
Josh is accusing me of sending him late night stories.
Okay.
Maybe I'm busy.
Maybe I'm busy with my lady friend.
Maybe you're busy with your lady friend.
Maybe that's the problem.
There's no question about that.
And I'm sure he is with his Russian lady friend with his comic.
He goes on over to see her all the time.
Right.
Let's see Lincoln, chafy won.
He had the 53% and Steve Laffy 46%.
The only thing with this is that, and of course, Hillary got 83% of the hope in New York
and her Democratic primary.
There was no contest.
And Elliot Spitzer easily won the New York.
He's going to be the next governor in New York because Pataki Egg isn't running again.
And Mario Cuomo, son Andrew Cuomo won the way ahead.
52 to 33% for a New York attorney general.
Anybody care about that?
No.
No.
I mean, there's still some other ones.
They're at Quesi and Fume from her head of the NAACP.
He got beat.
It's Quesi.
Quesi.
I feel Quesi just reading it.
That is real name.
And Fume.
What is his real name?
Joe Brown?
Joe Brown.
I have some top Smith.
Nice job, Brownie.
Heck of a job that he lost.
Anyway, that's so what the deal.
The Lincoln Chavy, of course, is a moderate Republican, which is one of the very, very few left
in the world who voted against the war in Iraq, who didn't vote for George Bush.
You know, somebody was on.
I figured what talking had it was yesterday, which idiot on the year.
You bet.
You know, it's just so sound.
Oh my God.
Who said that he voted for John Kerry in 2004?
No, he didn't vote for John Kerry.
He wrote in George Herbert Walker Bush as a protest against him.
He was a protest against W.
So he's very anti-votionist policies.
But in addition to which he just wanted Republican primary, that doesn't mean he's going to hold
on the Senate seat coming November.
It's just that the other guy, if he were to one, they would have basically conceded because
the other guy didn't have a China-Mist-Chancellor in hell.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying it's a bunch of crap.
In addition to which they can't count the votes right anyway.
I got that somewhere in here, the story about the, in fact, it was Fred Grims' column.
Nice going, Fred.
I said a while Fred writes something worth talking about.
I might actually get to it.
But all that we do have, what's your name?
What's your name?
We're in the Col- Natalie name.
Okay.
Speaking of the name.
Friselle Bush is a dumb F is what she said.
Friselle?
Two or three times.
Friselle?
Friselle Gerald Gray.
Lefty Friselle.
That's Quacy's name.
That's his real name?
Friselle?
I was talking about Lefty Friselle the other day?
Yeah, yesterday.
See how this all ties together?
I've always told you that and you never believed me.
So anyway, my friend's name is Sandy.
I lead a friend.
Well, that's nice.
For when I worked in a West Palm, a JNO in 1975,
my best friend in town was a lady.
Listen to her name was Sandy.
Well, that's great.
See, of course, I know of a lot of gay guys
that have lots of female friends and does.
I didn't say I had a lot of female friends.
But I didn't know.
I never knew of you to have any that you would call a friend.
What do you mean by that?
That you would know.
When I started to say before I interrupted myself was that
there are different kinds of friends.
That's right.
I tried to express that after my mother died a couple of years ago
when some people got all bent out of shape because
they found out they weren't my best personal friend.
There are those friends you have that you would trust your life with
that you would care about a lot.
Then there are those friends who are like acquaintances.
They see now and then they say, hey, how are you doing?
And then there are those, you know,
if you never saw them again, they would be too soon.
Don't you miss Farrell and I?
What do I do?
I just want to sleep.
I'm taking a nice nap and then, again,
not having anything to say.
I can't stand people that call you.
Just because you're bored.
They have nothing to do.
I don't even know what that means.
That's like a girl.
That's something a girl would.
That's exactly right.
Of course I do.
I love his wife.
Now there's a good friend of mine who's really good.
And his wife even though you hate her because she hates you.
No, no, no.
I love her even though she hates me.
Oh, no, she's sweet-hards.
She is sweet-hards.
I love her a lot.
And I do miss her, but I can't tell.
If the price of not being around her and having dinner with her
once in a while, buying her dinner,
if the price of that is not seen or husband, then I'm willing to pay that price.
I love her even though she hates me.
You don't even know her.
A matter of words.
You did.
You had dinner at the pizza lot for free.
She was there.
I thought she liked me, but then you know-
Speaking of different kinds of friends.
But then she-
He's another one.
It's just, you know, I'm one of no kind of dream world.
He was living in.
So what you should have said to River when he asked you that question.
Because you should have said, yeah, I miss Brazil.
You know, Brazil.
I was too queasy to say that.
Spanish police officers settled in for a video presentation
and how to get promoted to Sargent.
We're instead shown footage from a hardcore pornographic film official,
say, yesterday-
Oh, my God.
Howling laughter, ripple through the auditorium,
or 120 Madrid City police officers had gathered Monday to see video on operations
at an academy where they are a study.
I bet you they're anxious to get to a academy.
They're quick.
The Madrid Regional Justice and Interior Ministry said-
A Ministry official said computer technicians have blamed the glitch on a Trojan horse
computer virus that activated when the-
the computer containing the video was turned on.
I bet you that isn't the only thing that got turned on.
It was just bad luck that the virus activated right then,
said the official who couldn't be named because of the department rules.
The person operating the computer stopped the video and turned it back on several times,
but each time the porn-up movie came back on.
So the operator eventually just shut the damn thing off altogether and gave up
as they were suffering and shortening.
And chewing on their chorizo.
They're very big on pig.
I turned it out the other day and-
And they realized that till I saw these-
Not wrote that?
PBS.
Well when you got the HD you'll be watching Discovery and PBS a lot yourself.
When Josh comes right in, Discovery's the best.
But PBS has got some good shows on there and-
Of course you don't watch the travel shows on there Josh,
because you know you're never going to get to any of those places because you know-
Well actually it looks so good that I could say that I've been there.
Oh yeah that's true.
Although the one thing that bothers me is that both of those guys really maxed it
and what's the other guy's name?
I forget that twirpy guy with the glasses.
Too much with the artsy-farty with the museums and the paintings.
You know for an old pervert like me I don't want to see that you know.
For a young pervert like-
I don't want to see the people what?
I said as a young pervert I don't want to see it either.
No who wants to see artsy-farty?
Oh it didn't you go to the Van Gogh Museum and I remember I'm a museum.
You guys get out of here museum my ass.
Your lady Fred will want to go there.
When you stop with that what is the big deal with that?
It's just an opportunity.
And she's not a French, she's an acquaintance of everything.
I've seen her outside of woodmine no.
I don't see any of those people outside of the casino.
I just said that you had the regulars there don't you?
So you don't understand the-
Of course I do.
You make a joke.
No no but you don't understand the way it works in a place like that.
Of course I do.
There are strangers that walk in and have no idea what else is going on.
They put in a $20 bill and they went like you know $4,000.
And then there are the rest of us who you know go a lot and we lose our ass most of the time.
It's like people you only see at church.
Very good excellent analogy.
And only much more fun than church.
Yeah, that's the pedal of the note.
It's right record.
Stop being such a heathen bastard now because 90% of America believes in God.
And then of course they're differentiating.
And this is the most amusing part of these polls.
Well is it the authoritarian God or is it the benevolent God?
Is it the hostile hateful God?
Yeah, cut the crap.
I mean just the fact that they're talking about that exposes what a bunch of crap it is in the first place.
Yeah which God do you believe in?
Oh I only believe in-
Deal God!
Wow that sure was loud, wasn't it?
Sure was.
940, 940 that sounds like scare America.
Well I don't know if you're not doing much.
940 votes.
What person sums up what America is today?
You know the poll tomorrow is kind of a little bit similar to this.
Should I tell you what it is now?
Go ahead.
Something or someone I don't want to hear about anymore.
I got a long list.
Oh yeah.
But every today is poll.
What person sums up what America is today?
Paris Hilton has got pretty good lead 319.
Or if she's going to be on that list.
Yes.
George W. Bush 262 he's also on there.
T.O. Tirolo and 61 or Tio is in Toronto.
Katie Couric 60.
Bad bad makeup.
Donald Trump 54.
Pat Robertson 3009.
Tom Cruise 34.
P. Diddy diddy diddy just old did 28.
Diddy or Diny.
I hit this poll 27 only 2.8%.
Do you have a fall well 26?
Read a Cosby or read a crossby?
Whatever you have you want to call that bitch?
I don't know if you're going to be on the moment in the turn to the other.
Color Naduans.
He's got 16 and of course our good close personal buddies has got only 14.
The biggest thing is the most of this is the last one.
The biggest is the wheel address for 20560.
You A.
Tom Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Marlon's game is over who were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by Major League Baseball we cannot stream Florida Marlon's Baseball here online at WQAM.com.
This has been The O'Rodger Show.
This is your buddy.
And question.
Do you know where Ronda ABC 911, all Clinton's vault, find out why your grandchildren leaders are accountable for nothing.
Ever for anything will show you that tower's falling over and over again to minimize the significance of the Indian acceptors.
Five years have gone by.
She won the gold for most of you remember.
But 911 was entirely Bill Clinton's vault.
You just remember that, especially with the elections coming up.
Democrats bad.
Republicans woo.
Democrats bad.
Republicans.
Democrats bad.
Democrats bad.
Republicans bad.
Republicans.
I don't have an all Clinton's vault or 911 that they bill Clinton, blow up the towers and everything in the world.
Don't look at them.
Look at him.
Look who will be the bad guy tonight on ABC.
You're subservient Mickey Mouse Network.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
Mad Dog coming up until a clock and then with the Humphor the Power Hour with a good night shower.
Who did that offense play this week, Josh?
The Bills.
Oh, the Bills.
Yeah, the Bills who Dan near knocked off the Patriots last week.
Almost.
Wow.
The Bills.
I'll tell you then, a lost man, a lost man, what is his name?
The quarterback.
Lost man, yeah.
He don't look too bad.
And I don't mean his face.
I mean, the way he plays, forget about it.
But he's that right.
What?
Yeah, you might want to rethink that after a couple weeks.
What do you mean, the way he plays?
Yeah, he's a turd.
He's a turd.
He's no Joey Harrington, I'll tell you that.
I'll take Joey Harrington all day.
Over JP Luzman?
Yeah.
He's a loser, is that what you'd be saying?
That's what I'd be saying.
By the way, I have something for you.
Yeah.
Our friend, Kenny Maldon, walked in, thought you'd like to know that KDKA and Pittsburgh?
Are you aware?
Yes, of course.
Tend all of me on the dot.
Right.
Lost the rights to the pirates.
Oh.
Oh my God.
How you doing, Ken Maldon?
There's one of my favorite people in the world.
One of my close personal friends.
One of my manly friends is opposed to my lady friends.
But KDK lost the rights to the pirates.
Well, I'll teach him to fire Bob Prince, even though he's been dead for 20 years or more.
That is shocking.
Iron City beer.
An Atlantic rich-field man and pirates radio on KDKA.
And also, of course, on the pirate network was WWVA in Wheeling West Virginia.
1170 on the dial.
On nights when KDKA wasn't coming in real crystal queer, I'd have to turn over to WWVA, another one in big 50,000 wide giants.
Those were the days, man.
On your kids out there, once upon a time the AM radio was a real trip.
It was a real hoot.
It was worth owning one.
Everybody had like a little transistor sister.
Do you ever have one on a little transistor radio?
It's a dead.
Those were fun.
That was yellow.
They were like indestructible.
Mine was white.
Oh, yeah.
And they were like, it was like square and white.
And it took it to college with me.
The Michigan State and the Night U.K.
The WABC and WLS.
And of course, what am I doing?
I got all those jingles in there.
That's right.
A big h.
No, that's not the one I wanted.
I didn't have any colliders.
CK, I'll tell you.
That's what I wanted.
Of course, that wasn't that far away.
I'm in the slancing and that's in vitro.
What's the big deal with that?
Anyway, when we get started with that, it's really pressing to think about those great days.
And we're getting modeling.
I mean, modeling.
I wonder if Ken ever lived in Maldon, Mass.
You know what they named a town after him?
I did not.
And they named Pickles after J. Rokiech.
He just, you know, I...
Well, what is there to say about that whole UN crowd, you know, overgrown children?
That's the whole thing.
The whole deal there is just a bunch of overgrown children.
All those people with that program.
I'm sure Josh would agree.
Are you a big hurricane fan now?
You want to jump on the bandwagon?
I wouldn't say that.
Who, now who do they play this week?
They play?
Yeah, Louisville.
Well, that's another girls team.
What are you drunk?
They do.
Is Louisville good?
Yeah.
They are?
Yeah, then at the top 25.
I didn't know that.
Louisville, well, that's because how its Mellie Burger got out of there finally.
Once they got rid of him, they started getting good.
He's another idiot.
Anyway, so that's another, in other words, it's a prospect that they've lose two of the first three.
Well, I mean, you don't even count that game against the ones that they beat.
Yeah, we don't count that one.
That doesn't count.
That's like a scrimmage.
That's just a joke.
Why does it that air week policy?
When I went to school, Michigan State, we always open this season with against the girls team,
and usually lose.
See, that takes some talent, like central Michigan or whatever.
This year they won.
They beat some girls that have blind.
I forget who that was.
But the hurricane, in all these other schools, they always have to have at least one or two games on its schedule against some cream puffs.
You know, it's a joke.
The political action organization MoveOn.org has announced the placement of a new TV,
and which will condemn President Bush for exploiting the 9-11 attacks to bolster the election chances for Republicans in the midterm elections.
Well, it's about time, man.
MoveOn spent 100 grand for the ad by, and the 32nd sponsor of the Grunting Nationwide, later this week.
Oh, they're 30s.
We'll probably have none.
Oh, brother.
In a statement issued by MoveOn.org, the group said that the ad exploiting 9-11 will remind Americans of the now discredited claims and promises made by the President and Republican leaders in Congress about the connection between the two.
The campaign in the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United
States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States
the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the
United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United
States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States
the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the
United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United
States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States
the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the
United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United
States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States
the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, let me now say your name.
I'm going to get some backo insurance, even though I don't even need it.
I'm going to get some backo insurance, even though I don't even need it.
I'm going to get some backo insurance, even though I don't even need it.
I'm going to get some backo insurance, even though I don't even need it.
I'm going to get some backo insurance, even though I don't even need it.
Pass the inspectors.
Finds my visa, then seven, seven. Pass the inspectors.
Don't want to fly without a fighter.
Overteats.
Fly without a fighter. I'll be thrown this with a ring.
Don't want to fly without a fighter.
Oh, no, not me.
I'm not in the ocean.
Pack a stand, East.
I'm covered in nasty nitroplish rain.
And a tube of bench green, knits it up there.
Fates some TNT.
Oh, no, that's no solution.
Don't want to fly without a fighter.
The OAC.
Fly without a fighter.
There'll be nothing left with me.
Don't want to fly without a fighter.
Wait and see.
I'm mine and I'm in the ocean.
And welcome to Heathrow International Airport.
Please note, in high security measures,
are in place for the aviation sector.
All the equipment gels are prohibited.
We're meeting checkpoint for the aircraft.
There's includes beverages, shampoo, perfume, suns and lotion,
toothpaste, energy, and some items of similar consistency.
Thank you for your attention and enjoy your flight.
Oh, astronauts lost another bolt.
They're working on the space station.
You see that?
No.
It's one thing if you're putting together
some like a chair or something at home.
That's it.
You drop a bolt or a nut on the floor.
Nothing worse than dropping a nut on the floor.
But if you're an outer space and you drop a bolt
and you reach back, oh, oh, geez, it's always away now.
I want to be something if that bolt winds up
like what?
Like we could drive like our hour or something like that?
Oh, yeah, that'd be an oxygen stop here on Friday.
Now, what is that all about?
It says on my schedule and then I just got to be advised.
That's an error.
No, it is not.
It says Friday, September 15th.
It's the big O.
And then George Rodriguez sent it to
Manage of Hooters-Dorough Power Hour in Baba Baba, Hankin.
Operator Error.
What do you mean by that?
It's an Error.
No.
It says George Ryan says, you know, I'm not here at Monday
to Thursday, but they don't want to push me into like five days
all at once.
Christ, I'm getting the old man.
Yes.
Yeah, I know that.
That's what you think.
I got more energy in my left pinky than you got in your whole body.
Oh, that's the life.
That's not saying much.
Doug Thompson writes on CapitalHealthBlue.com.
As clear as with that's all about, he's got, you know,
a clearance wouldn't make no mistake on a schedule.
What an error.
It would be bad because he has so little else to do anyway.
Besides, interfered with the morning show and put a lot of stupid sports segments on it.
Too much sports clearance.
You're killing those guys.
Kenny sounds like a really good guy, like a broadcaster, like somebody who really belongs on
ear, which we very rarely do that.
Doug Thompson writes, with every bush lie, more American soldiers die.
Has in.
I'm dying over here.
And I mentioned we have over a thousand votes.
Yes.
Well, let me sit again.
We got a thousand thirteen.
Boy, there's zoom in in there now.
We're getting piles of votes.
Oh, I just dropped a nut on the floor, which was the right one.
Doug Thompson says it shouldn't surprise anyone that George W. Bush continues to lie to the American people
about Iraq, butch lies so much that it's doubtful now that even he can separate truth from fiction.
But the people of Ashley fight wars, unlike the coward and chief who ran and hid in the Texas
air guard to avoid defending his country in Vietnam.
Says we're losing the Iraq war and cannot under current operational strategies.
The feet the insurgents who killed dozens, sometimes hundreds of Iraqi civilians every day.
Marine Major General Richard C. Zilmer, a senior American commander in Iraq, told reporters in the phone
interview yesterday that the U.S.-led coalition effort cannot defeat the insurgents with present
true levels.
Zilmer says he has the resources to continue training Iraq, he supply the insurgents, but he doesn't have the forces to actually beat the insurgents.
If there was seen a larger role for coalition forces out here to win that insurgency fight, then that's going to change the metrics of what we need out here,
Zilmer said.
That's a starling admission for a general who was put on the phone by the White House to try and offset the damage by another military assessment
that says American forces have lost control of Anne Bar province and are now controlled by Al-Qaeda.
If I can just interrupt speaking of being put on the phone by the White House, remember in why we fight when John McCain, who during those days,
when the interview was actually speaking the truth, and he was ripping the hell out of a chainy and bulletin.
And they interrupted the interview and they said there was a message from McCain's secretary,
oh Senator, the Vice President's office is on the phone, Vice President's on the phone.
And you have to take it.
Yeah.
But they shut him up in a hurry out there.
Sure.
So if you wonder why Colin Powell changed his tune and showed that viral at the UN, they probably had pictures of his family, stuff like that.
Minor hints, you know, like a Nagar father, like when they brought in Frankie Pentangeli's brother from Satelia, from the old country.
Anyway, I'll read that sentence again.
That's a starling admission for a general who was put on the phone by the White House to try to offset the damage by another military assessment.
That says American forces have lost control of Ann Bar, providence and area not controlled by Al Qaeda.
And of course, keep in mind before the Racketect, there wasn't no Al Qaeda in Iraq.
A classified report by Colonel Pete Devlin, Marine Chief of Intelligence for the Ann Bar Conflicts, is both the American military and the Iraqi government of lost control of Ann Bar to Al Qaeda,
and then Al Qaeda's influence is growing in Iraq.
Even Zilmer, the general assigned by the White House to put out the fire, won't lie for Bush about the report.
I have seen that report. I do concur with that assessment, he admits, which adds another irony to Bush's dirty little war.
He lied about the so-called link between Salad and Al Qaeda to justify his word to a gullible Congress.
Now, he admits such a link did not exist, but he overlooks the fact that the American invasion of Iraq is given Al Qaeda a chance to gain a strong position in the country,
along with other terrorists and insurgent groups that did not exist under Hussein's rule. I think I just said that.
Bush claims we must stay the course in Iraq because leaving would let the insurgents and terrorists take over.
What he doesn't say is that it was the US invasion that created the conditions that allowed the insurgents and terrorists to gain a foothold in the country.
Most residents of Baghdad must live without electoral power for parts of the day because the US can't keep the power plants running.
Most cannot venture out of their own city because the insurgents rule the streets, not American soldiers, and certainly not the puppet Iraqi government that the Bush administration installed.
Soldiers returning from Iraq are given talking points in their commanders and throw the talk up the war and interviews with their hometown media, most of them throw the talking points away.
They know the Pentagon's spin is bullshit and the president of the US is a liar. They put their lives online for a man who would not fight for his country when he had the chance and many of them resent doing so.
And who can blame them for being bitter? Every rationale, every reason, every justification for innovating Iraq has been proven false. It's a war based on and fueled by lies.
Vice President Dick Cheney bragged that American soldiers have agreed in his liberators they are booed and cursed as invaders and occupiers.
Bush continues to paint rosy pictures of success as increasing numbers of American soldiers and Iraqi civilians die.
Yet the president will continue to lie and his lies will continue to get airplay thanks to a well-orchestrated media manipulation program put together by his operatives.
As the fifth anniversary of the 9-11 attacks unfolds, it comes to look less like a sad remembrance of the past and more like a troubling glimpse into the future.
A window to a new age to talentarianism that looms before the US, where a powerful right-wing government tells lies aided and impeded by friendly media corporations as journalist Robert Perry, former Newsweek and associate press reporter who broke many of the Iran Congress scandal stories during the Reagan years.
Perry writes on consortiumnews.com, so even as the CIA and the Senate Intelligence Committee finally acknowledged some of the many Iraqi war falsehoods told by George Bush and his senior advisors, Bush's misfeasons and malfeasance are obscured by Disney's ABC TV drama, pinning most of the blame for the 9-11 contention for not on Bush but on Democrats.
Walt Disney's selection of a right-wing dictator and with a secrecy that surrounded the project, the path to 9-11, also by the sickening of a collaboration between a giant corporation and the Republican government in power.
Republican sources tell me, says Doug Thompson, Bush's political guru, Karl Rowe, was up to his eyeballs in personal involvement with the ABC miniseries.
That should come as no surprise to those familiar with Rowe's modus app operandi.
Concludes Perry, Karl Rowe and other Republican strategists project what effectively will be a one-party state with Republicans controlling all branches of government using the federal courts to redefine the Constitution and keeping Democrats around his foils and boogie men to stir up the conservative base with warnings about the enemy within.
On the 5th anniversary of 9-11 Bush and his Republican supporters were trying hard to revive the lost sentimental unity that followed the attacks but the saddest legacy of the tragic, they may be that it marked the path toward the end of the noble American republic and the start of a new totalitarianism.
Perry is right, what Bush and his band of co-conspirators have accomplished is no less than a coup to overthrow the government of the US, said Doug Thompson, for the USA, according to him.
And he's right in comms every day now. Good, probably in a bucket, 80,000 in a row.
The biggest name, so best talent to the business, Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560, QAM.
The minimum WQAM stands for in their misguided commitment to stretch what should be a five-minute segment of sports into 20 hours a day to convince ourselves that corporate is never wrong.
We went directly to you, the listener.
So, hey, you enjoy the old sports format on WQAM?
Oh, sure. I can't afford to buy anything to advertise, but it does let me daydream about men.
How does this in the old sports radio affect your life?
Well, I can support my favorite teams and athletes.
Even if they wouldn't give me this right off their jacks track?
Sure. I know they care about me in my opinion, at least I pretend I know them personally.
But you don't know any personal.
No, but I can still go, woo-hoo, when my team wins and, woo-hoo, what a game, what a game!
Does that change your life?
No, but it feels good to do that or something.
What if they lose? Does that change your life?
No.
Do you like men?
No.
And these are men you idolize.
It's men that you watch and walk about and then you want to wake up next to in the morning.
Does that make me gay?
Yes, that makes you a homo!
I got it gold, man. My pants are getting tight.
26th till noon at 5.60 WDQAM.
1031 votes on the pool. Very important question today.
What person sums up best? What America is today? What it's become?
Isn't it the sad thing to look at? You can almost smell it.
Paris Silton 347, man, I hate to smell that.
George W. Bush 283, she's pulling away, man. She's in the lead.
And rightfully so. She's the epitome, as Edward Armero would say, the epitome of what's wrong with the world today.
George Bush 283, although almost is talented as she is.
Katie Currick's way down to Katie 68 small potatoes, you notice?
The big drop off. It's a two-hoss race.
T.O. Terrell O. in 66, Donald Trump 55.
Have you ever seen the promo he does on NBC?
Where he's shouting?
No.
He's a screamer. He's shouting.
See, he can't read the telephoto he said.
He's got a shout.
He's always in a very high register, you know?
Cash register.
I hate this poll 43, 4.1%.
Well, your mama, so socks and hell.
Pat Robertson 41, Tom Cruise 37, P. Diddy 29, whose new name is, whatever it is, Puffy, Puff the Magic of Dragoon.
Jerry Falwell 27, Rita Cosby 19.
That's Rita Cosby who says,
Rita something, something happened to him, mentally or never.
And Shaq has only got 16.
He continues bringing up the rear.
And I'm sure it's a gigantic rear.
Even though he didn't do all that, well, we didn't put him on the ass poll, did we?
I'm sure it's ass.
If his ass, if each cheek is as big as his head, man, he's got a mammoth ass.
And not as big as that dog that Katie was walking on the beach with, though.
Kate Holmes.
I'm still thinking over that.
And then there were like 18 votes for that, too, that she's got the best ass.
He didn't have any ass.
I think they were joking.
I think I've seen her run.
She's got one ass, Tommy.
But she keeps schlepping him around with the other way around.
He keeps schlepping her around.
And that's the ass.
Anyway, Tom Regan writes,
on the Christian-sized monitor no less,
in a report that some have said is the most negative he had filed
by a senior military officer in Iraq, that chief of intelligence for the US Marine Corps Interact
concludes that the possibilities of the US Interact,
he government securing the troubled Western Iraqi province of Anbar,
are remote, remote, as in probably none, and much less than none.
The Washington Post reports that Colonel Pete Bevelin's assessment written in mid-August also says
there was almost nothing the US military can do to improve the political and social situation there.
One Army officer summarizes in his arguing that in Anbar province,
we haven't been defeated militarily, but we've been defeated politically,
and that's where wars are won and lost.
The very pessimistic statement as one Marine officer called it was dated August 16,
and sent to Washington shortly after that's been discussed across the Pentagon elsewhere
in national security circles.
I don't know if it's a shockwave, but it's made people uncomfortable
say the Defense Department officials read the report and obviously is anonymous.
The post reports that Colonel Bevelin offers several reasons for this situation.
A lack of US Interact troops in the province, they collapse the local governments
and a weak central government with almost no presence in the region.
The times of London reports that won a Britain's top soldiers in Afghanistan
quit the Army last month because it was so frustrated with the situation in that country.
Captain Leo Dockerty of the Scott Scouts said the campaign in the Southern province of Hellman
provinces become a textbook case of how to mess up a counterinsurgency, how to mess it up.
And in opinion, peace in the Washington post, Ahmed Rashid, a Pakistani journalist and author
of Taliban and Jihad, the rise of militant Islam in Central Asia,
writes that the tactics and strategy of Islamic extremists fighting US-Unit forces
have improved dramatically.
He says Al-Qaeda and its allies are winning by not losing.
How do you like that?
You know what? It's kind of like QAM.
Yeah, that's what it's like.
We're not winning because we've been doing a great job these last either nine months,
but because the other guys across the street are so bad that nobody could lose to them.
See what I'm saying? We're winning by not losing.
We wouldn't like to be throwing it.
Huh? By default.
By default.
And who's default will it be if we don't do all that great?
1040 votes on the poll.
Now we're holding up our random party that right now.
Right.
High in the air. You can smell it all across the counties.
All across South Florida, even probably into the Akees no doubt.
Even dating his perilous and polarized Baghdad, he was a dashing, uncomputer engineer.
She was a shy student as on the model they fell in love over lunch last year in the University of cafeteria
and probably became engaged.
That's sweet.
So, as they prepared for a future together, the current poll barely discussed a subject
that under Saddam Hussein's rule amounted to a footnote matters of the heart.
He was a Shi'ed Muslim. She was a Sunni Kurd.
But now those labels are tearing the couple apart, barred by their families from marrying
any one of the opposite sect. This is like the Jews in the Graham.
The couple is a race to one of their cell phone numbers and stopped speaking.
There is no hope in this country anymore for Sunnis and Shi'ites to fall in love
said Husham Al-Ghizzi, a 24-year-old engineer, has he buried his face in his hands
and recounted the story.
For decades, marriages between Sunnis and Shi'ites and Iraq were extraordinary as the daily call to prayer.
But the sectarian warfare group in the country has created a powerful barrier to Sunnis-y'ite romances.
Mary couples have found for divorce rather than face the scorn of their neighbors, George.
Fine. Fine. Fine.
Oh.
Fion says have split up as a result of death threats, not finance as Fion says.
And increasingly, young singular racquies have included that is simply easier to stick to their own kind
when it comes to love and family. Stay away from those goyem.
Just like my parents used to tell me all the time, don't socialize with those goyem.
And of course, when you're growing up in a town of 10,000 people with those like six Jews in there,
that kind of limits your social circle, you know what I'm saying?
That's right.
Very limiting.
We've kind of a sheltered childhood.
I'm sure I can afford now. Believe me.
20-till-new in a QAM.
The biggest name of the best talent in the world is the Eurodgerus,
sports radio 560, QAM.
W-I-O-D, oh, I hate that station.
The world's oldest joke is now the nation's newest movie and mate.
Want some popcorn?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Just reach over and help yourself.
Ha, ha, deeper.
Yeah.
Hey, deeper. Yeah.
Hey, what is that?
Ew!
Oh, you've got to bite!
Oh, I hate it!
You can't even look up for it.
I can't even look up for it.
I'm sorry.
But is it Butterpopcore?
And that's the question.
Let me put it here.
We got Mad Dog 2 and then we got that Power Hour baby.
What's that you're probably asking?
Oh, check out all those billboards all around town.
It's the Humper and the Mad Dog together in stereo.
They're showering in the Power Hour.
Four to five and then the Humper for an hour and a half before the Marlin game.
Big game tonight, baby.
They got a win-acquian.
They don't want to fall anymore.
Because they've only got like, what, 17 games left?
Yeah, they're about.
Hopefully that they're about.
I think they're like 73 and 72.
Is that what that'd be, direct-red?
I'm just off the top of my mind.
Right.
That's 145.
That means I got 17 games left.
And two games behind.
Well, that's not that big of a deal.
I can do that like over the weekend.
Because to me, like Sandy Ego is on the verge of choking me and gagging anyway.
They're not that good.
Any Sandy Ego team is not that good.
I don't know why Sandy Ego has any teams, do you?
Well, you stilt them.
No.
Really, really.
How's their hockey team doing?
And what about if they got a basketball team?
They got a hockey team?
No.
That's what I'm saying.
Sandy Ego.
It's like Buffalo.
You know what I mean?
Buffalo's got the bills.
And they got the sabers.
Although I do like the sabers.
All right.
Greenstone Media, a radio company whose founders include social activist Gloria Steinem.
I like that Maxif and again.
He could play on my team.
Whose founders include social activist Gloria Steinem and actress Jane Fonda has launched
an all-women all-talk never across the USA.
How do you like that Joe Bell asking me am I a hockey fan?
Did you hear that, George?
I don't know if that's exactly what he said, but how it isn't.
Okay.
He said, you're a hockey fan, aren't you?
Yeah.
Well.
And are you a Panthers fan?
Well, that was a fair question.
Panthers, you have been, but I haven't heard you be a fan of theirs lately.
What are you talking about?
Well, you're in Lala, Lama.
Okay.
You're bad.
Well, maybe because I ignore all that Panther talk.
We don't talk hockey on it.
Call up Rimmer, he'll talk to him.
He'll hockey you at China.
I'll bet.
Anyway, this new network has got all its ladies network.
All women.
Well, that's bad if we get a station in South Florida with that because that's how we're going to lose our whole lady audience.
And then this network has a different spirit.
It has more community.
It's more about information about humor, about respect for different points of view and not consistent arguing.
Steinem, Phil Roed, an interview.
Well, how boring them.
But Greenstone also hopes to attract male listeners.
We do have male voices on the network.
He said it's much better to have a mixture of voices.
Oh, that's what Susan Ness said.
She's Chief Executive Officer of Greenstone, which got its name from a children's book by Alice Walker, author of the cover purple,
who evidently is big into the colors.
Maybe she reads USA Today.
The network's broadcast of air since July and selected stations such as WINN and IAN in Jackson, Mississippi,
WCT and Hartford, Connecticut, a station in Flint, Michigan that evidently has got no color.
And it's not here.
And launching a broadcast in Albany.
Oh, yeah.
It's also trying to partner with some satellite radio outfits.
Sounds like a real big time, doesn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Not.
We expect that people will be able to also get us on mobile phones, cable radio iPods and every distribution vehicle on their pop-up toaster in their toilet.
And by the way, what is that spot they're showing on TV?
We can't play far since they got a spot about kids go-go-go.
What do they got?
I don't know.
You've seen that.
Sure.
It's a potty spot about the little kids sitting on the toilet.
Go-go-go.
What is that?
That's a potty.
Jesus God.
What the hell is that?
The potty song.
There's a potty song.
Yeah, it's about gold potty.
Oh, I see.
Well, let's not play that.
They can play it on the networks.
They can play that spot.
See, if we were getting money for it, we could play.
If we got money for every fart sound, and we played, we'd have a fart sound as 24-7.
Real ones.
Sign and put it out the idea of an all-women network stem from a company survey showing 18% decrease in female
listeners over the past seven years.
Wait till you hear this paragraph.
Before that, currently the network does nine hours of programming.
They should increase shortly to 12.
Wow.
Here's the thing.
Here's the piece of resistance.
Women are really fleeing from AM talk radio.
And now anti-music becomes their fleeing from because people get their music in different ways.
So here's an enormous window of opportunity we're diving in, she said.
Well, there's no window of opportunity because you're going to be like in stations and markets that got like 15 watts combined.
You know, they're dreaming.
They're like the guys across the street.
They think, and normally, it's bogus ideas.
Everybody's a blog cast, you know.
And what kind of people want to hear glorious sign them, okay?
Gay.
You all right?
Right.
A little dyke.
That'll wash up dyke.
Once you hear that bitch.
But women are really fleeing.
Well, see, we can't say that women are fleeing AM talk radio in our market because we never had any on this station.
Never.
We had them on IOD.
We had used to do a little bit.
You know, not, huh?
Right.
We had like a lot of wins the last time we had a lady caller on this show.
I don't recall.
Okay, that's how long ago it is.
Let's see if we can scare up a lady caller right now.
Five, just one.
Just one.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, dude.
We don't have any women out there.
Oh, we need a rarer woman.
We know, yeah, ride all that crap we hear all the time.
It's just like the people that come speaking of regulars at the casino.
Oh, you're so lucky.
You're so lucky.
You always win when people say that to me.
I just want to like, like that.
You know.
Actually, there are actually people who say that.
You know, they see there all the time.
Oh, you win all the time.
You win every time.
You win.
Yeah, right.
You should list a lot of bitch.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, bro.
Yeah, huh.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, John.
Yeah, okay, good.
Five, six, seven.
We're talking about real ladies.
Not guys that have the strap on.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, these.
You know, there won't be any ladies.
You'll see.
In fact, look at that phone response.
So what are we on about?
A ten-minute delay?
Or we just done?
We're done.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, I'm a female caller, but not necessarily a lady.
That's our favorite.
Really?
Uh-huh.
And I call all the time.
I call you all the time.
As a matter of fact, the list on my call, I said that George's voice made me hot.
And you said I was pathetic.
Yeah, I stand by that.
Okay.
All the maybe makes me save it hot from what I've promo we heard before.
I remember he likes George's voice.
I don't care.
Well, thanks.
You're close enough.
We'll take it.
He said he's not a real lady.
Well, we don't want a real lady.
We don't want a real lady.
We don't want a real lady.
It's kind of a slut.
Oh, yeah.
We can have Apple.
This is going to be depressing.
What?
That nice, that way.
Well, I look now to see all these, probably a whole bunch of ladies on air or just idiots.
I don't really care.
We got our lady and we proved the point.
We don't have any.
Apple computer, Inc. unveiled its new movie download service.
I'm sure you saw about this.
Yes, I did.
Steve Jobs.
Yes, I did.
I'm becoming the latest company trying to secure a tow hold on what can be a rapidly expanding entertainment market.
Like I said, that whole thing about music radio.
And didn't it bear out in that article I just read about the glorious dynamite or bogus radio and network?
FM music radio is history.
It's on the way out.
They don't realize it yet, but they're done.
I mean, with all the different options that you have for listening to music that you like, especially in South Florida where FM music radio is garbage.
You know, garbage.
In fact, that's an insult to all the garbage.
Apple also updated its entire line of popular iPod MP3 players.
Under the new movie service consumers will be able to choose from over 75 movies from Miramax and Walt Disney company.
Oh, Disney picks our in touchstone to download from the company's popular iTunes store.
Well, Steve Jobs, you can take those and stick them all deep in your account.
Correct.
Yeah, and how's the real good time to be a jumping in bed with Disney, isn't it?
Not.
Oh, yeah.
Even if they had a movie that I liked, which they don't, I still wouldn't watch it.
The movies will include Paris at the Caribbean, the curse of the Black Pearl.
Shakespeare in love and the Incredibles.
Consumers will be able to download the films to watch in their computers and iPods.
Well, first of all, nobody wants to watch a movie on your iPod or on your computer.
Or write about that.
It depends on what kind of screen you have.
Oh, I got a 21 inch, I think.
I got a decent size to monitor, but I don't want to watch.
But I got an HDTV in the other room now.
That's supposedly going to be their next deal.
Uh-huh.
Apple said users will soon be able to watch the movies on TV with the upcoming release of a new product dubbed the ITV player.
See now we're moving on to that.
So that when Josh Biden or your HD said, then you really have something.
Especially when you hear your HD DVD player.
I haven't got that thing yet.
And why the hell should I?
There's no material for it yet.
How many movies either?
Like, uh, huh?
Bop, bop, bop, third man.
I don't know.
They show movies in HD all the time.
I'm sure as you know, and like, they don't look any different to me.
They show movies on the HD channels you're talking about.
Yeah.
Like, they don't all...
There's a little bit better definition, but it's not enough that it's worth going out and buying all kinds of things.
You're crazy.
Yeah.
Oh no.
I agree with that.
We believe the ITV concept could make Apple a bigger player in the digital home.
UBS analyst Ben Wright says wrote in the research note after Apple's announcement.
Are you excited about that?
Not.
Hey, I'll stick with my iPod.
I know that I'm way, way, you know, below the curve.
I'm way, you know, you're doing fine there.
What?
With your iPod.
And all part like me to have an iPod with 4,000 songs in it, I think I'm doing just fine.
Go, Daddy, oh.
And if I want to hear music, I'll listen to my music.
Not somebody else's stupidest music.
Not some crap that some programmer decided to put on the ear.
That a bunch of punky kids with their pants down to their ankles and listen to.
Who wants to hear that crap?
They, the ones, listen to that.
Huh?
It's just 12-year-old girls, man.
Listening to what?
The popular swill that's out there.
12-year-old girls are listening to that rat crap?
Yep.
What about 12-year-old boys when they listen to 12-year-old girls?
Oh.
And what kind of sounds everybody wants to get into it?
Apple is also updating its iPod line,
I'm rolling out a new 30-gigabyte version.
About 30, man.
Price to 249 bucks, and a new 80-gig model for 349,
which will hold up to 20,000 songs or 100 hours of video.
Let me say it again.
Anybody that wants to watch a movie on their iPod is an idiot.
Some people travel, that's what that's all about.
So?
Well, there you go.
You have your movie collection as well as your music.
You mean what kind of plane?
Yeah.
Well, if you had traveled business class, you get a John Aurel Airlines.
You get the movie thing that you pick your own movie.
You said it, business class on a real-air line.
Right. In other words, if you're a big spender,
would you think like slippers like you are going to go out and buy the new iPod?
No.
Of course not.
The company said it will also offer a new thinner iPod nano
that will feature a 24-hour battery life.
Now, that's more like it.
And more storage capacity as well as a...
The company said it will also offer a new thinner iPod nano
that will feature a 24-hour battery life.
Now, that's more like it.
And more storage capacity as well as an iGig iPod shuffle.
One, what I say, iGig, what?
Well, too many gigs and too many now.
A one-gig iPod shuffle.
Rice is also roasted.
The new iPod products could updrive Apple Sales higher for the rest of the year.
They also announced that highlights from NFL regular season games
is you'll be available for purchase through its iTunes store for $1.99 a game.
They can also take that in a shove-it.
Why do we want to need that when we got the NFL network which advertises on the station, by the way, right?
Mm-hmm.
Here's the NFL network right there.
Look at that.
So I picked up New Year's CD to holiday season's day of Wednesday.
You're out here.
Here's Clinton Ford, and I hope he's going to kiss her right on the neck.
I'll be damned.
Anyway, last week, Amazon launched its new Unbox Movie Downloads service
while wireless phone companies Sprintnextell announced the deal offer movie downloads
and movies on a cell phone.
And pretty soon you're going to be able to see movies on your...
Back to toilet paper.
We're going to be everywhere in that grade.
Now if they could just make some good movies, like that mean creek.
Oh, don't ever watch that.
Oh, I won't.
No, seriously, there's nothing wrong with it except that there's no ending.
That's the thing that really frustrates you as it's one thing if there's a movie that's really a bad movie.
And I'm saying, and the whole thing is bad and that has a bad ending.
Yeah, what a piece of crap.
But this could have been fine, but they just reached a certain point and then they ended it.
It would have been like, after Ned Betty got poked in the woods up there in deliverance.
And then they shot the guys and buried them.
And then that would have been the end.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
That would have been unacceptable as what it is.
But you're right though, there's so many movie makers they don't know how to end the film.
You've got to start backwards from the end.
Like come up with a good ending and then work...
There you go. That's right.
If I were going to show you how to do it today, we're ending with show right now.
The biggest name, the best talent.
This is Rio Rajas for radio 560, UAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
We're going to take a look at this bug.
We're going to be getting a little bit better to see.
What the bloomin' L.A.
Give over and after a lifetime of putting your fingers where they don't belong,
you finally slipped up and now you're in Bloomin' Hell.
You deny processing data.
And I'm in hell.
Surprise.
Are you kidding?
There's an entire universe of creatures right down here.
I can never get my hands on up on the earthly plane.
Look on that cliff up over there.
It's a perfect example of a beazel-bubbulous anti-Christie Alice.
Otherwise now, it's the Cormon House steaming.
You can't rape a steaming.
Stick around as I, Steve Irwin, go looking for some flying lost souls.
The mangled dand, maybe even a tiny fire demon or two.
Okay, enough of this. You've got plans already buddy.
But before we get in break, we're going to take a closer look at the demon spawn in front of me,
Lucifer himself, the prince of darkness, Satan.
Okay, first you want to grab this little fish bug.
Get off.
Take all the grunt of that.
I'll see the anger and the slumen alright.
And I'm going to just take him from right and just get it up there.
Oh my god.
We're really in mail.
Oh my god.
We're going to throw it at Rodin's home.
It's belly-hole.
Even in Hell he got stories of how he's seen the river crack about.
Hunter, you bitch.
Him hell, cranky.
Tom O'3, or is he just lifting a little cranky?
Is that what you saw?
Charlie Chris, remember Charlie?
You're fairy.
Sureing up his conservative base attorney general Charlie Chris has tapped state representatives
and kept Kot Camp of Cape Coral to be his running mate on the Republican governor's ticket for November.
And what's wrong with having a gay governor?
Kot Camp 45, a rising star in the house who has made his name as a staunch defender of the courts
and opposed to radical litigation reforms, is a safe choice that also helps Chris
and an olive branch to conservatives.
Conservatives have been miffed by Chris to recent rhetoric that he's soft on abortion
and supportive of similar unions for gay couples.
You're fairy.
He's a great man, a great leader, a man of great integrity.
Chris said he made the decision yesterday because in the end you've got to go with what you think is right in the end.
Welcome.
There's a great bond here, he said.
Other good buddies.
Kot Camp said he gladly joined the ticket because he's been an admirer of Chris since they first met in 1998
when Chris was running for US Senate.
He's been an admirer.
Just like I'm an admirer of my close personal friend from Berlin, who I'm sure I'll never see again,
but nevertheless, I'm a big admirer.
Here I'm saying.
What do you say?
I admire it.
Charlie Chris is deep down on my heart going to be an awesome governor, Kot Camp,
said noting that Chris brings the vision, the integrity, and the heart needed for the job.
In other words, gay.
Kot Camp has long been allied with Chris stepping up early as an honest supporter.
Earlier this year, Kot Camp indolidid Chris, more conservative, challenged your state chief financial officer Tom Galler,
asking him to withdraw from the race for the good of the party.
Galler, who trailed badly in the polls, did not withdraw, was heavily defeated last week by Chris.
Kot Camp is also associated with Cape Coral development, a developer Greg Eagle,
who helped fund a third party electioneering group that backed Chris.
Kot Camp's only apparent minus for hardcore conservators, he's a trial lawyer.
During the spring of lawmaking session, he stood up to the business lobby,
which showed up at a committee meeting with a videographer to record clips of lawmakers
that later could have been used in the campaign trail against any member who spoke out against lawsuit limitations,
which ultimately passed the legislature.
Kot Camp spoke out anyway.
How do you like that? He's got a big peer.
Maybe that's why Charlie and him are so tight, he's got a big peer.
Kot Camp hails from a critical Republican area of the state, who was elected in 2000,
in 1774, which includes Lee and Charlotte counties.
That's where the beesleys are over there.
There was tree huggers, and with Chairman of the Lee County Bar Association prior to that.
Kot Camp had a life-changing experience in 2004, when he underwent heart surgery
and nearly survived a massive infection, he contacted in the hospital.
As he struggled with her cane, Charlie blew outside, and this wife struggled with difficulty of pregnancy.
Sounds like some tough times, man.
How does tough is a antinocule smith, though?
No, brutal.
I don't have any... Well, there is no update.
No.
It might have been something or not.
Well, what do you mean by that?
In other words, it might have been some drugs.
He died from something or not.
He died in a chair. He was visiting mommy, and she just sprang forth with a baby girl on Saturday.
And he was visiting her on Sunday or Wednesday.
And he's sitting in the chair in the room, and they were playing with the baby and patching around.
And he died.
It's probably easier than a few years old.
And I don't care what you say before he grew up, smith on his face and became kind of a slime ball.
He did look pretty good.
Maybe God was punishing him for that beard.
And I don't want to be insensitive, that's bad.
If he would have been ugly, I wouldn't care about the threat.
No, and no, seriously, did we really look less face-in?
I mean, you know, people are so full of crap.
Don't we root for good-looking people?
I don't know why, because most of us are uglier than sin anyway.
But you just have a tendency to root for good-looking people.
Ugly people, ah, you know, we don't care, right?
Right.
That's bad.
But it's very bad.
That's very superficial, man.
But that's bad.
That is right.
That is us.
That's the human nature.
It's just the way we are.
Most of you would lie about it.
You know?
So I'd like, remember a call I had a few months ago.
Very amusing.
You remember, the guy called said, you ever bet on jockeys or drivers because of the way they look because they're good-looking?
I mean, yeah.
And I said, of course not.
My favorite harness driver all the time was like a 72-year-old man, for instance, over here.
I mean, it's one thing to root for somebody because they look good.
You know, if you don't have a betting interest, but if you're betting, you're going to bet, well, unless you're in totalibia.
You know?
So I just like if you're watching a woman's tennis thing, you know?
Who are you going to root for?
Maria Sharapova or, ah, I don't know.
I don't know who any of them are.
But you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, Bill again, Tinkie.
There, there you go.
That old dyke.
You're not going to root for her.
It's like an anti-rotic is playing somebody.
I don't care about tennis.
I couldn't give a crap less.
I root, even though he got his ass kicked by that ugly Federer guy that's, you know, he's ugly.
Lived your Federer.
Am I going to root for him?
Of course not.
Anybody bet on tennis?
How about you, Eddie K. Bettson, tennis?
You think?
They got to.
They are.
That that crowd.
Maybe even Hank puts Bettson on tennis.
If somebody ought to ask him this afternoon, you think Bettson, tennis?
I mean, that's really sick.
Gabriel Rangel, the British producer, director, creator of Death of a President,
the fictional documentary that Sight Unseen became one of the most talked about movies
that they Toronto Film Festival A.
I saw US distribution rights to new market films which handled Mel Gibson's equally provocative movie,
the Passion of the Christ.
Oh my God.
That's Mel Gibson.
New market, which reportedly paid a million dollars for the film, is expected to give President a wide release
within the next few months.
It'll air on Britain's Channel 4 next month.
Wow.
What do you think, mate?
You want to go to well over there across the pond and watch it on Britain's Channel 4?
Kroki, keep the thing raised away.
Rangel's film opened a Sunday night to a sell out festival crowd which sat respectfully through it and applauded briefly at the end.
Those who remained after the screening peppered the filmmaker with questions on how he achieved the special effects.
The film is shot as if we're a conventional TV documentary even though the events are fictional.
Well, that sounds like the thing that ABC passed off for four hours.
Rangel also corroded the film.
Uses footage taken of bushing through visits to Chicago to create the scenes that lead up to the President being shot.
He also uses special digital effects to superimpose the head of the President on that of an actor pretending to be shot and creates the flower eulogy delivered by President Dick Cheney at the funeral of his predecessor.
The movie opens with demonstrations against bushes he visits Chicago in 2007.
As he leaves the hotel after delivering a speech he is shot by a sniper and nearby building.
A police hunt leads to the arrest of a Palestinian man on flimsy evidence, in a like surhan surhan.
Who?
The leader of the man is convicted of the assassination and kept in prison even as evidence points to another person as having committed the crime.
The reaction of the general public was very good.
Reince and the interview with Reuters about the opening that response.
People didn't know what to expect.
Our film has a very striking premise but it's not sensational or gratuitous.
I hope people will see it as a balanced film and compelling drama.
It's an oblique look at the ways the U.S. has changed since 9-11.
We use the lens of the future to explain the past.
The 93-minute film Subject Matters led the protest in the U.S. especially from conservatives.
Reince said he received five or six death threats.
That's those good conservatives, man.
There's a good abortion doctor, killers.
But he said that because there was a rusted judgment about his film without people even knowing what was in it.
We portrayed the horror of assassination.
I don't think anybody would get the idea of assessing Bush from this film.
And of course we have no comments.
Anyway, how many votes we got on the poll?
Let's see.
We've got the moving right along.
11.06.
What person sums up what America has become to the...
Parasolton, even Bush, ain't going to catch her ass.
And who they would want to anyway.
She is a scanky, no-talent rich bitch who is born with a golden spoon up her mouth.
And maybe up her...
Correct.
...and she's just obnoxious.
You know?
And the paparazzi and the median, all these entertainment tonight, the inside edition and outside edition and current affair, recent affair and future affair.
They're all obsessed with this bitch.
And so therefore we're supposed to care about her, okay?
Yep.
If she croaked right now, if she had like wild diarrhea on a sidewalk in LA somewhere, no matter what it is, if she had another drunken upper...
I don't care.
Oh, there's John Kerry.
He looks really scared.
Stay with an al-Qaeda that has reconstituted itself in some 65 countries.
The debate has been rekindled by the unexpectedly strong comeback of the Taliban in the South.
Oh, I can't imagine why that's happening.
They must be our good friends, the packers, they're making all kinds of deals with them.
Wait till you hear the story I got from with Purve, if I get time to get to it, Purve wrote Mochera.
He says the Taliban is a bigger threat than al-Qaeda.
And I'm sure that he's gotten them to do with that.
Right.
All your kids out there, the world is a bunch of crooks, okay?
Our crooks are the good guys, the other guys, crooks are the bad guys, that's the way it is, okay?
All a bunch of gypsies, trams and thieves, crooks, gangsters, grey robbers.
And just like Dick Cheneyman, they can never get enough.
They can never get enough blood out of the public.
You know what I mean? You're going to be a ripoff artist.
You're going to scan the public with all the Haliburian cash.
I guess he's probably committed to raising them about 20-30 billion.
You know, so he's still got some more work to do before his ticker gives out.
We don't want to suggest that.
The biggest name, self-destallance, the business, wheel-rotters, 420-06-6AM.
Question.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
He's really good.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
And he kind of likes mail, gives you a big script of beer, anywhere's a brown jacket.
That looks like he bought it at Banana Ray public off the discount rack.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
He's really good.
Oh, right.
He loves our rack, baby.
He loves his buddy Maliki.
119 votes.
I think we ought to go for 13 today.
I think we ought to shoot with freaking good.
How about just 13 votes?
Maureen Dowd writes, boy, this is kind of long today, Maureen, but it's very good.
And she even quotes us some Shakespeare in here too, boy, I hope that I read this very well.
Okay.
She's intimidating to me because she uses a lot of big words.
She says, I called Tim Russet to ask if Dick Taney had washed his hands after the interview on Sunday.
No, he replied, sounded confused.
And he started scrubbing, I wondered, and a septic wipe, Purell, quick shower on the way up.
No Tim assured me.
The vice president did not stop at the basement, showered NBC.
We even dropped by the men's room you passed on the right as you head out to the parking lot.
According to the Times Health Section yesterday, Lady McBeth and Pontius Pilib were not alone
in wanting that damn spot out.
People who washed their hands after contemplating an unethical act were less troubled by their thoughts
than those who did not, but did carry a road about a new study on the McBeth Effect, published in the journal science.
How do you like that?
Well, I wonder if you'll find Bruce Washington's hands a lot these days.
I hear Daddy's washing his hands at him.
Anyway, Maureen goes on to say, in one of several experiments among Northwestern undergrangowitz,
the researchers had one group of students recall an unethical act from their past, like betraying a friend,
and another group reflect on the ethical deed, like returning lost money, the article said.
Afterward, the students had their choice of a gift, either a pencil or an anaceptic wipe.
Those who would reflect it on a shameful act were twice as likely as the others to take the wipe.
If they'd say he didn't try to hose himself down after his outlandish performance on Meet the Press,
he may be so deep into Nile he doesn't even know he's ruining America needs a symbolic moral superwash.
Since W. Reveal, he's been reading Shakespeare, including McBeth.
I've been puzzling over which character the vice president most resembles.
I. A. Go.
I think a part of oh he's got a while.
I want to pronounce it right. I don't know.
I'm a bit bad that I read Macbeth of course not.
He's got as much money out of the protagonist as I a go, but I go hated or fellow.
They didn't read any of that crap. I read merchandise.
The Lord, I remember that Charlotte Holmes, Romeo and Juliet.
No, I saw the movie though with the what's his name.
Oh, what did you have to bring that up?
What's that was his name?
Letter, white.
How did you remember that?
You're supposed to remember that?
You're very.
A little bit of the Hussie and a few others people that I can dare.
And is Hussie?
You want Hussie?
No, Bishie. You did see your boob.
And letter to white. I think you saw his...
Brackum.
But.
Anyway, the Lord of the underworld is more like Lady Macbeth who persuades her part in the Lord of the underworld meaning Cheney.
Who persuades her part to make a huge error in judgment by taunting him about manliness.
If he doesn't want to be on man, he must preemptively wield the dagger against his rival.
She tells him, when you do it, then you were a man.
And there be more than what you were, you would be so much more than man.
Even though blood will have blood, Macbeth decides he must stay on his self-destructive path.
I am in blood, stepped in so far that should I wait no more returning where it's tedious as go or.
You're following that?
Go or.
Oh, man.
They sure talk funny then and they still talk even funnier now.
W. Invice went on TV this week to double down under the sonless case, now contradicted by a mountain of evidence.
Once more milking our sorrow over 9-11 to justify the errant course in Iraq.
In a speech that Tony Snow promised would be reflective, the president used hyperventilated rhetoric about a struggle for civilization
and cynically retraced the line he now knows his false once again linking Osama and Baghdad.
If we yield a rack to men like bin Laden, our enemies will be emboldened, he said.
bin Laden has become the willy-horton of the midterms.
After letting the CIA to expand the unit devoted to hunting for Osama, the Senate took a slap in the White House on Thursday when a voter to reinstate it.
Mr. Bush now won't stop talking about the boogie man he ignored for five years while they transferred all his resources to Iraq.
The safety of America depends on the outcome of the battle in the streets of Baghdad, he said.
Instead of going after Osama, we invaded Iraq.
Now, W. Sissu must stay in Iraq, or it'll be run by Osama's.
We must kill all the terrorists we're creating.
American soldiers must keep dying because American soldiers have died.
If we criticize Mr. Bush, then we're unmanning the whole country.
The logic is, deviously, rovey and then we're trapped in circularity.
On meat-depressed Mr. Cheney warned that America cannot let its adversaries break our will and show we don't have the stomach for the fight.
It was the right thing to do by sensitive of the war in Iraq, and if we had to do it over again, we'd do exactly the same thing.
After all the miscalculations and billions wasted projects screwed up lives and limous laws for an enemy's made, American statues squandered, Taliban strength regained, North Korean bombs and Iranian-eraq alliances built, visiting the American hating Holocaust and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmed in the Jav yesterday.
The Prime Minister Nuret Kamala Maliki of Iraq called Iran a good friend and brother.
Dick Cheney wouldn't do anything differently after all of this.
Part of leadership has to be retooling, saying, you know what this has to work?
This is making things worse. What else can we do?
Break out the wet wipes, Mr. Cheney.
Time for a good scrubbing.
Says your close friend, Marine Da.
When in doubt scrub it out.
Bashing, scratching, scratching, scratching.
Wrecked him.
Yeah, that too. Couldn't hurt.
Wow.
Sorry about that, to Shakespeare and stuff, but you know, am I going to pretend to know about that crap?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I thought they made us all read that stuff in school.
They made us read McMath and read the magazine.
They wanted to read the magazine.
No.
They didn't make you read Hamlet?
No.
You must have been the...
No, they have a couple of omelets.
How's the omelet doing, by the way?
How's toast, fine?
By the way, did we get our menu back from him, Josh?
It's redid.
Okay, good.
I told you to give it back to Josh and he goes over to give it to Clarex.
That's Clarex.
Oh, don't give nothing to Clarex.
It's got to do with us, okay?
Because he is the enemy.
We have met the enemy and he is him.
He is it.
I think I lost a couple of orders off that.
He is.
Anyway, I got a really good...
Oh, boy.
Now, if you didn't see...
Oh, it was the show...
It wasn't a loose change.
It was the show about loose change.
And they had one of the kids that created that movie loose change.
And then they also had the...
It's just Jackass from popular mechanics.
Now, see with me, if you've said popular mechanics is spending a lot of time debunking the 9-11 theories?
Yeah.
Not a set...
What?
Yeah, exactly.
What's that all about?
When you said that?
That's what I did say when you told me that.
That was popular mechanics.
Well, I think I'll say that for a second.
And then we got the Dixie Tixie and Bush is a dumb F.
A dumb...
And your buddy, Musharov, Taliban, Bigger Threats, and Al-Qaeda.
Just...
I got all kinds of crap here, man.
I got crap up the nose.
Oh, here's a good...
Now, there's a cookie before the break.
Good story.
A former city official in Dallas who's under investigation in the FBI Corruption Provost
requested for public intoxication, after claiming he was robbed by naked and scandallly clad attacked
as at a male strip club authority set.
Police arrested the Angelo Lee early Sunday outside club Nubian fantasies, and that spelled
C-I-E-Z fantasies.
A dance club that becomes an all-new male review after midnight.
After midnight.
Who did that?
I have to midnight.
Air club, didn't I?
Yeah, I keep forgetting.
I keep asking for that sheet I got to written down on with the sheet keeps flying out the window.
Police said he told me he was attacked by three men, one naked and another one and only in a towel.
Oh, boy.
Probably covering up his bowel.
Lee told police to men through a amount of the club broke his glasses and stole his wallet so we later found a wallet.
I bet it was empty.
Club employees told police they were moved.
Lee said he was there picking up women because he was causing a disturbance.
Lee later called the incident just stupid, just really a frivolous, and said he was only trying to get his wallet back.
Lee resigned from the city planning commission last year after being targeted in the FBI Corruption Investigation in the Dallas City Hall.
He's been accused of voting on zoning cases where he was a paid consultant and now reporting gifts.
And a bunch of other stuff.
All in all the games.
I like that.
It was in a male strip club.
And there was a new guys there too.
Aren't you shocked by that?
No.
Well, there's Harry Reid.
Man, is he exciting or what?
Is it the target?
The president's prime.
He's the dynamic party.
He's one of these anniversary of it all.
Oh, this Tony guy.
What is his name?
This like dark, complex guy, whatever on CNN.
He just, he gives me the goosebumps.
He's so bad.
Go to President Bush.
Go to President Bush.
He gave the work of the...
Talk about the goosebumps.
To chart a new course in a round.
He represents the Democratic Party, man.
Judging by his name.
To the nation, might be night.
He's got a voice like me.
President, because it's not interested in working with us.
Regrettably, President Bush is still determined to stay the course.
Even if the course is making America less safe and Iraq, of course, less stable.
Absolutely.
How is Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi?
Look at this guy.
What is his name, Tony?
I don't know.
Michael Clark Duncan.
Oh, he's got all these wise ass comments.
He's like, what's your name?
Curie Pholves.
They all...
He's a newsreader's man.
They all got these real cutesy comments.
He tries to be a real clown.
He's a jerk.
Not like, well, blitzkrieg, but boy, do we ever hate CNN?
Or what?
Except, of course, for a couple of people.
Who do we like?
I'm thinking...
He's in Candy Audit.
Who else is on here?
We like anybody?
We think of it.
New dobs.
All right.
Well, you like him anyway.
Yeah.
Because you're in legal alien.
I think be it.
I got news for you, man.
He would...
He would hide tape your ass out of the outer mouth.
He makes the point every day.
He doesn't care.
He don't like your last name.
He's very cares.
He's the best talent of the deal.
He's real raw trust.
Forth radio 560, you A.M.
Hey, big nice, that's the only one.
I'm being near me.
He's the cobbledite.
Don't say it, but...
It's a little bit bad.
Don't feel too am.
O'MAIL!
O'MAIL!
I'm in angry, stupid man.
We'd be glad to say it.
In a stale style that nobody can translate to.
I called it radio.
Don't chose to change the world.
My way.
But I say it in...
You, then, baby talk.
Baby talk.
What I'm using.
I see it's graphic.
All day.
On the palm of the expressway.
The cars not go.
So I use myself for to call my favorite, favorite talk.
Close and I say...
I'm a four year old man.
You may find out how you believe.
My broken English is so bad.
I sound like a baby.
Just the same, I make demands that you agree with me.
And understand my human and baby talk.
I'm using broken clothing.
I'm giving you a bad look.
Oh, no.
Now.
You're not giving me a bad look.
You're not giving me a bad look.
Oh, that sounds like someone who's a great human artist from the duof shop.
How about Mickey and Sylvie?
I don't know where they're from.
Get some strange.
Anyway, Kim Sanghupta.
I wonder if he's a kid to Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
Or maybe Anderson Poopta.
Anyway, he writes in the independent UK.
Oh, Mickey and Sylvie.
You know that was number one before Kim out?
That was the record that was part of the big Kayla Skinner,
with the heater trippy clothing head and kid in the third world.
On WMT, I'm 1050 in New York.
And he writes in jail.
And somebody other guy's got away like Scott Free.
Nice, Scott Freekins, Scott Unis.
I can still nail him, baby.
And the songs to yeah, that's what I heard.
Soldiers reveal horror of Afghan campaign.
Oh, no, not of the independent.
Must be some more that liquid proper gander.
Soldiers deployed in Hellman province five years on from the Westside invasion.
And six months after the deployment of large British force,
have pulled the independent that the sheer ferocity of the fighting in the Sangh in Valley
and privations faced by the troops are far worse than is generally known.
And the great thing we're getting all these good reports, all the good things that are happening?
Yes, great.
We are flattening places we've already flattened, but the attacks keep coming.
We have killed them by the dozens, but more keep coming either locally or across from across the border one said,
we used B1 bombers, heriars, F-16s, from Raj 2000s.
We dropped 500 pound, a thousand pound, even 2000 pound bombs.
At one point our patches ran out of missiles and they fired so many.
Almost any government on the ground gets ambushed.
We need any movement on the ground gets ambushed.
We need an entire battle group to move things.
If they will not give us the helicopter we've been asking for.
We've also got problems with the Afghan forces.
The army on the whole is pretty good, although they're not often paid properly, kind of like at QAM.
But many of the police will not fight the Taliban either because they're so scared or they're sympathized with them.
I wonder if the Kroen over there is fighting with them.
I sure hope he gets paid this time.
British officers in Hellman acknowledge that the next few months will be crucial in this conflict
where they insist can still be one of the initial thousand extra fighting troops.
Last week, General James Jones, I wonder if he's kind of the woodbind Jackie, John O'Jones.
The NATO military achieved called for 2500 extra troops, armor and helicopters, remember states.
But the war saw some had currently underway.
The country's with significant forces, Germany, France, Italy and Turkey say they'll have their hands full
with lesbianies peacekeeping duties and have no troops to spare.
The anxiety has been deepened by the decision of the Pakistani military to go to do a deal with the militants
and withdraw from some of the border areas.
Oh, that's got to be propaganda, isn't it?
The government of President Pervert Moussierreff said the Taliban had promised in return not to continue to cross into Afghanistan to mount a text.
A declaration that a senior British officer described as risable.
What the hell is that mean?
I don't know.
Look it up.
Look it up. RISI-BLE.
We did this once before, you know.
See that when you read the independent, they're like marine doubt.
Don't tell me you got two stories in a row I can't read the damn words.
I'm going to start taking some calls.
British forces in Hellman have not originally planned to go into sangin, but with the provincial governor,
Mahmoud Daoud.
Oh, I'm sure he's kind of Dan Daoud used to play for the maple leaves.
Appeal for help from President Hamid Parzai to counter increasing Taliban activity.
The U.S. commander in the country has British troops to move in.
The result has been that over-stretched forces have come under constant attack.
Lieutenant General Virtus, who says British forces have been involved in some of the fiercest fighting since Korea,
has now decided to withdraw from outlying positions, which will be taken over by the Afghan forces.
It's a decision that some have questioned.
An officer was served in Hellman and said, we'll have to ask him, we rely on them, especially the police.
Did you look up risable?
Capable of laughing, disposed to laugh.
Lathable.
Yeah, the words.
He continued, we didn't expect the ferocity of the engagements.
We've also expected the Taliban to carry out hitting run raids.
Instead, we've often been fighting toe-to-toe and those close quarters combat.
It's been exhausting.
I remember only had to extract a Danish group, which was getting attacked on all sides.
It was Bedlam.
We have greater firepower, so we tend to win, but of course, they can take their losses while our casualties will invariably lead to concern back home.
You also have to think that each time we kill one, how many more enemies we're creating.
And of course, the lack of security means hardly any reconstruction is taking place now, so we're not exactly winning hearts in mind.
This is Afghanistan, by the way, just a reminder, not Iraq.
This is Afghanistan, where we were told, oh, we've done a hell of a job there.
A heck of a job, Brownie Hound.
The flag-raped coffins carrying the bodies of 14 British servicemen killed in the reconnaissance plane crash in Afghanistan.
We returned home yesterday to a somber reception in Scotland.
A ceremony for the victims of last week's Nimrod crash Britain's worst single-lost during its current deployment was held at RAF Kineloss in Moura.
I hope that was named after Moura E.
Do you think?
Who?
Steve Vowicz's name would be really upset about it.
Erwin.
Kauaiki.
Air Force Chiefs in the New Kvedinburg join the families of the Airmen for the repatriation at which Des Brown, the defense secretary, described the 14 as outstanding brave, dedicated, of course, to one thing he left out dead.
Very, very dead, as this lunacy goes on.
$300 million a P to Way in Iraq, man.
If they could have finished that off in Afghanistan, they could have had Al Qaeda and the whole group, man, Osama Yamama.
They could have had Moulabaloo Omar.
The fact that the Taliban have reconstituted in our back bigger and better than ever in just out of control.
And the media is not having an arrest breakdown about this?
The media.
The media.
What are you talking about?
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
The media.
He's like a white cat, that's how big his head is.
1167 I think we are going to make that 13,00 I have my doubts.
Now, I think we set the bar a little bit too high.
Don't you?
Yeah maybe.
We set the bar a little bit too high.
So pull up a chair, sit up as high as you can.
The biggest name, the best talent.
This is Neil Rochester's 4th radio 560.
It's time to get it on.
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
Oh I...
You're all less toward,
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
I'm a...
Yeah!
Well, as you know, that's my very last chord.
So from the first time that I heard that once I just loved it, of course, I'm to keep
trying to think what the hell is the original song that that's a parody from?
Did you figure it out?
Yes.
And I think last night by the Marquis.
No?
No, it was you, I don't know.
We're going to find out.
That was right.
Yeah.
Let me call it.
What a memory of mine.
Unbelievable.
We're twisted here.
Are you really?
You're twisted?
No, what you think though.
No, I know what it is.
Also, the guy's name Tony Harris is that kind of medium-mocha guy there on CNN who thinks
he's a real hot shot.
He's like all of those people.
He thinks he's a journalist, you know, and keeps interjecting these stupid-ass comments.
Just read the teleprompter, okay, Tony, and cut the crap.
I mean, you know, if he just would be a newsreader, he'd be great.
He's, you know, he's articulate, he's fine.
But he's got to keep opening up a stupid mouth.
But that's their, oh, speaking of opening a stupid mouth, there's Hugo Chavez.
He already tell told him.
He says that the Bush did 9-11 is what he said.
Isn't that a surprise?
I'm surprised.
Oh, speaking of that, what a good segue.
I can't believe you actually have it.
So in other words, I must have done it in my iPod.
Yes, he did.
Is that part of the collection?
That's right.
Great.
Debunking popular mechanics 9-11 lies.
Popular mechanics has re-ended the media circus in an attempt to continue its 9-11 debunking
campaign that began in March of last year.
A new book claims to expose the midst of 9-11's truth movement, yet it is popular mechanics
who have been exposed as promulgating falsehoods while engaging in nepotism, shoddy research,
and a jet-driven politics.
Huh.
It comes as no surprise that popular mechanics is owned by Hertz Corporation, as fictionalized
in Orson Welles' acclaimed film Citizen Kane, William Randolph first wrote the book
on cronyism and yellow journalism, and popular mechanics hasn't bucked that tradition.
That's bucked with a B.
The magazine is a cheerleader for the sophistication of advanced weaponry and new technology used
by police and such areas, as crowd control and anti-terror operation.
A hefty chunk of its advertising revenue relies on the military and defense contractors,
since the invasions of Afghanistan are reckoned in the future Iran, all site 9-11 is a pretext.
While motivation is the magazine had to conduct a balanced investigation and risked off setting
its most coveted clientele.
Popular mechanics March 2005 front cover story was entitled The Bunking 9-11 Lies,
and has since become the bell-weather reference point for all proponents of the official 9-11 fairy tale.
Following the publication of the article and its exaltation by the mainstream media as the
final label on the coffin for 9-11 conspiracy theories, it was revealed that senior researcher
on the piece Benjamin Chudoff is the cousin of Michael Chudoff, Secretary of the Department
of Homeland Security.
Tech of a job, Michael.
This means that Benjamin Chudoff was hired to write an article that would receive
nationwide attention about the veracity of the government's explanation of an event that
led directly to the creation of Homeland Security about it at its own cousin now heads.
Huh, no conflict interest there, you see one?
This is unparalleled nepotism and completely dissolves the credibility of the article before one
is even turned the first page.
The arguments presented in the article have been widely debunked by the 9-11 truth community,
as an example of a straw man hatchet job whereby false arguments are erected attributed to 9-11
skeptics and then shot down.
One of the most glaring errors in the popular mechanics hit piece appears in the Intercepts
Not Routine section where it is claimed that in the decade before 9-11, no right intercepted only
once of it in plane over North America, golfer pain stewards of their jet in October of 1999.
As Jim Hoffman points out in his excellent rebuttal, this bold assertion flies in the face of
published report of scramble frequencies that quote the same major Douglas Martin that is one of
PM's cited experts. From September 11th to June, Noorad scramble jets had a verdict to combat
air patrols 462 times, almost seven times as often as the 67 scrambles from September 2000 to 2001
Martin said. The article also makes no mention whatsoever the numerous war games scheduled for the
morning of 9-11, which confused air defense personnel as to the true nature of the attack
as it unfolded as it was documented by the recent release of the Noorad tapes.
You know, if I can interject here for just a second assuming that Aureli was only al-Qaeda
and the group of lunatics who were involved, where would they have gotten the information
that they were going to be war games on that morning?
Only from somebody in the government perhaps who also known about it or maybe some Kami Pinto,
you know, some leftist. A section on the collapse of the World Trade Center fails to address
firefighters, another individual's reported numerous explosions before the towers fell,
squibs of debris seen shooting out of the towers well below the collapse point,
and the fact that the towers fell only slightly slower than absolute freefall.
The article was released before analysis conducted by BYU physics professor Steven Jones
discovered traces of thermite in steel samples taken from the World Trade Center.
Using advanced techniques we're finding out what's in these samples, we're finding iron,
sulfur, potassium, and manganese. These are characteristic of a variation of thermite,
which is used to cut through steel very rapidly. It's called thermate, said professor Jones.
The article regurgitates pancake and truster, as he fails to acknowledge the comments of
World Trade Center construction manager Frank D. Martini, who before night live and stayed the
buildings were designed to take multiple airliner impacts and not collapse. The article also
completely fails to answer why pools of molten yellow metal were found underneath both towers and
building seven subsequent to the collapses. The classic crimp implosion of building seven,
which was not hit by a plane, is glossed over as the piece again tries to mislead its readers into
believing that over engineered steel buildings collapse from fire damage and event unprecedented
in world history aside from three examples in one single day. Commenting on his own interview
from the for the magazine piece Alex Jones did that initially he thought it was a fake interview
or a crank call. Jones has given hundreds of TV and print interviews and thousands of radio
interviews, but his experience with Benjamin Shurdoff was like no other. People from a school
newspaper sound more credible and serious, he said, like from the weekly reader. Jones had a
call, property mechanics office, and verify that Shurdoff actually worked for them. In the course
of doing so, he was erroneously told by editor-in-chief James Megz that the story was not going to
be a hit piece and that it was simply intended to explore the different theories surrounding 9.11.
Right. In addition, poppy to mechanics highlighted an article that Jones had posted on his website
about incendiary devices in the World Trade Center. Jones website features a cross section of
mainstream and alternative media articles and article written by Jones himself has clearly labeled
as such. The magazine had contacted the individuals featured in the article, who told them they had not
ever spoken to Jones. The article was clearly attributed to its original author Randy Lavelo and
Alex Jones. When Jones asked poppy to mechanics if they were going to contact the individuals again
and ask if they had spoken with the original author, they dropped the subject. As part of a PR campaign
to sell his newly packaged crap, they booked the bunking 9.11 lies. Poppy to mechanics, James Megz
appeared on the O'Reilly factor. Megz and O'Reilly need to be reminded that constantly
pervading the word fact without presenting any actual evidence does not make something a fact.
Megz copied it himself from completely implaining that no one has ever seen a 100-plus-terrain building
collapse to the ground before, and yet less than two minutes later agrees with O'Reilly's comment
that nothing unexpected about the impact of the planes or the collapse of the surprised analysts.
Megz can curse that it's an unprecedented event and he claims that analysts knew exactly what
was going to happen. How could they have known the incidents of an event that had never happened
before? Megz calls the WTC implosion the most closely studied collapse in world history. It
fails to address the fact that 50,000 tons of steel from the World Trade Center, a supposed crime
scene, was shipped to Asia and a further 100-10,000 tons to India preventing any detailed analysis.
Megz citing opinions of engineers Bizarrely states that the real surprise is that the building stood
up as long as it did. In February 2005, the Windsor Building in Madrid burned for over 24 hours
as shooting claims engulfed almost the entire structure and yet the building did not collapse.
The core of the World Trade Center was exponentially much more robust than the Windsor Building,
so we have one building that burned incessantly for over 24 hours and did not fall at all compared
to two buildings which were structurally far superior, burned briefly from limited fires
and yet both collapsed within the average time of 79 minutes and Megz claims they should have
collapsed sooner. Megz claims that pocket mechanics investigation is not politically and
it's a forward that book is written by none of them, GOP Darling Senator John McCain.
Huh, you know the one with the Puffy cheek. Oh yeah, I've got to take that phone call.
That's the one from the Vice President. In the forward McCain rehashes and I've horned
the amount of neocon debt frutus that relies so I love that word.
Schmidt that relies solely on 9-11 having happened exactly as the government claims it did.
We liberated Afghanistan from the murderous rule of the Taliban. Our attackers, a proud host,
we chased Elkide around the globe, Barks McCain.
Afghanistan has now afailed Narco State run by tribal warlords and ex-Taliban kingpins,
nowhere outside a Kabul is secure, mouth nutrition among children is the highest in the world
outside Africa and opium productions at record levels.
Bill Ako statements about chasing Elkide around the globe are somewhat
contradicted by the fact that Elkide irractalings are proven to be fraudulent and outgoing CIA
director Busy Kronger told the London Times that Bin Laden should stay free.
Couple this with President Bush's view on Bin Laden. I'm not too that concerned about him
and McCain's rhetoric falls flat on its face.
McCain also uses the Calus tactic of saying that questioning the government's version
of our 11 and South of the victims and this is also paraded in the Poffent and Mechanics
magazine piece. Bill Doyle, representative of the largest group of 9-11 family members,
says on the subject, if you want to believe what they want to snow you wonder like on the 9-11
commission, that's the total fallacy, says Doyle. It looks like there was conspiracy behind 9-11
if you really look at the facts, a lot of families now feel the same way he said.
Doyle said that half the family members, relatives of 9-11 victims, he represents thought that the
US government was complicit in 9-11. Despite the efforts of Poffent and Mechanics to whitewash
government complicity in I-11 by a front page feature story and a new book, recent polls clearly
show an increasing trend toward a rejection of the official version of results of Poffent's.
If we were to set aside the 30% of Americans that don't even know the year in which September
11 happened, then we're left with figures of around 36% who agree that the government was
involved in the attack and only 34% of Americans who actually knew in which year the attack took place
that still think it was carried out solely by a rag-tag group of 19 incompetent morons who couldn't
fly cessiners at the behest of a man on a kidney dialysis machine. Popular Mechanics are sure to
make a tiny sum of money from their latest publication, but their credibility is certain to
dwindle in light of the fact that they're willingly acting as collaborators by aiding the cover-up
of a crime that resulted in the deaths of nearly 3,000 Americans in 9-11 and untold more to come
as a result of how the attack changed the US foreign policy. How do you like them apples, huh?
Delicen, it was just a coincidence that those buildings are including a tower seven, you know?
Maybe it was like an active sympathy, it saw the other towers fall down and...
Not just the one to two-hour, it's a phenomenon!
That's a loony.
Hey, what the hell was up for wind-preparing drinking?
Is she lost her mind? What the hell was she thinking?
I never thought she'd cheat, girl, tell. Never suspected she did kill. She's got seven members of Shacklamp.
You're fairing.
She got the need to say that she's not a lad.
They should go shopping together, I don't know.
Okay.
Okay.
Not the gallant, not into women.
The fact she says, Galen, it's more like a swim.
That's why they say that.
And her thought does not gain.
Well, there's that fat John Murtha to talk to the people
that he represents, the young troops who are out
in the field day after day, in 120 degrees, carrying
70 pounds on their back.
And tell them we don't have a crystal ball.
They want answers.
They want to know.
And of course, the reason is we don't have enough troops
so they have to be deployed over New York.
And to say that because their volunteers
shows a complete insensitivity to the situation
that these families go through, and I go to the hospitals
all the time.
And the thing that I worry about the most is the fact
that the troops, not only are in missions,
they don't understand and meant many cases,
but also the future of the military.
And I'm introducing a resolution today
asking for a resignation of Secretary Donald Rumpfield,
not only for his past mistakes.
He said, a weapons of mass destruction,
we know where they are.
He said, this world won't last six weeks, maybe six months.
He said, it costs $50 billion.
We sent troops into battle without the appropriate armored
vest.
I was the one that found the armored vest shortages
when I went to Iraq.
So not only for his past mistakes,
but for the future of the military.
And that's the thing that I've worried about the most
since I've spoken out is the readiness.
We can talk about Iran and Iraq.
We can talk about North Korea.
But if you don't have a strategic reserve,
which we don't have now, in those troops,
when they're being trained, they don't have the equipment
to train on.
So they shift equipment all over the place.
And then they go into a field where they get the equipment,
but they aren't trained on the exact equipment they've used.
Now, going back to General Scumocker's comments,
one of the problems we had in that operation
was that those helicopters they flew,
the pilots were not familiar with.
All right, they're listening to you.
I'll see they got to cut them off in midstream.
And as they come out, they say, they're, oh no,
I'm ready for it.
Move.
Out on the troop readiness.
What?
Are you saying something?
But she's interrupting.
She's right up there.
They're cutting them off in midstream.
John Merth, the body's ready to want to go.
If he wasn't an old fart, we ought to have him for president.
Oh, they're already trying to switch it with his ass.
They're already doing that.
That routine.
So the only way Carl Rove knows how to do it, baby.
We got 1200 plus plus.
We could get that 13, if you really leaned on a Josh.
Are you leaning on it?
Yes, I am.
Well, I'm sure glad you got the menu back
from those morning guys, from toast and Frittata.
Uh-oh.
Hosted situation in the bank in the South Chicago suburb.
Turned out to a hot.
Oh, Jesus, who cares?
Anywhere we got 1,210 votes on there.
And what person sums up what America is today?
Paraselton 403, George Bors 322, T-O, Terrell Owens 80,
Terrell.
I'm going back to Terrell.
You know, he can call himself whatever he wants, like A-hole.
I'll go with that.
Katie Courage 79, I hate this poll 72.
Well, shame on you.
Donald Trump 60, Pat Robertson 50, Tom Cruise 42,
P-Diddy 31, Jerry Falwell's God.
About 30, man.
Read the cross, B-23, Cosby Crosby, whatever.
Whatever the hell that bitch's name is.
What is her name?
Norman and Jerry.
What are the things?
There's a report out there that maybe he was dealing
with suppression.
Yeah, I'm depressed.
It's here in that sound again.
I say to every time and he's only got 18 Shaq.
Read the, got the edge on the Shaq Meister.
So that's where we are now.
We have 12, 10.
We need 90 in 53 minutes.
That's not even to a minute.
Well, if we can't do that, man, we're done.
Not as done as they are across the street, but we're done.
So what rumors we hear about them lately, Josh?
Oh, I bet you that it was Fat, Zach Cranston, all of that.
You think?
Yeah, let's do this.
Well, who else would be talking to our people, huh?
Joe Rose.
Stu Guides.
Boog.
Right, but other than that, police are interested.
In other words, Ed Goodbye.
Right.
Yeah, you had a lot of loose lips over there.
Loose lips sing, ship, Joel and daddy,
who have an L's running an operation over there.
You guys suck, man.
And your dolphin broadcasts, I wouldn't wish those on Heinrich Himmler.
God, I would wish those on William Crystal.
You know, William Crystal, he makes Heinrich Himmler look like a good humor, man.
That's what a Nazi he is.
That's what a bastard he is.
That's a Nazi with a small end.
Maybe with a big end.
Police are investigating after man wrote about launching a feline G-Hod to witness Chattanooga
several straight cats.
You ready for that?
Okay.
I think that's what I might be willing to join in on.
Max Gersk and wrote a two-part series in the Chattanooga Pulse Weekly publication, the
first of which was published on August 9th and called Matter Max, The Cat Lady in my
New Dog.
The second installment was published Wednesday and called Feline G-Hod, The Cat Lady Part Two.
In his commentary, Gersk and says the strays fed by a neighbor in Cat Neighborhood Cat Lady
have brought felt and diseased wisdom and local humane society officials have been able
to stop it.
As a result, he wrote, I've officially become a trapper and it's time to take a walk to
the river.
All right.
Woo!
A neighbor Jean Watts says he feeds about ten local strays and is the cat lady in the articles.
She said, Gersk and a set traps in his yard and posted signs of the neighborhood looting
to dead cats.
Watts also said some of the strays she normally sees have gone missing in recent weeks.
Oh, I can't imagine where they are, can you?
She believes the dog has more to do with the conflict with Watts about setting off fireworks,
his setting them off than the cats.
Yeah, she don't like his fireworks.
This is just as much about me as it is about them.
She said, he's mad at me and he's taken that out of the cats.
Gersk and then responded requests for a comment, but he posted an online response Sunday at
chatinnougapulse.com.
He wrote that he's not been trying to kill the cats and was using humane society traps to help get them safe
homes.
You know, like a rat.
Isn't that what you do like when you have a mouse trap?
Yeah.
Try to catch them so you can give them a safe home somewhere.
Checking the garbage.
But humane education, the society of chatinnougapulse director, God be you said Monday, there's no record that Gersen was a possession of any of the organization's traps.
Be you said he planted me with Gersen to discuss the issue further, we can't pass judgment on a written article.
He said this could be just somebody bragging we don't know.
Red bank Tennessee police said that they're investigating the situation, looking for some dead kitty cat.
All your kids out there do not stick the family cat in the microwave and do not put it on slow cook for like four or five minutes.
So what?
Right, don't.
It's a bad idea.
Well, we're not going to tell them to do that.
It's a criminal act.
Don't do it.
Well, 120 votes on a pool.
We got 80 to go in 50 minutes.
Boy, this is going to be 10.
You'll be pleased.
No, I got my shirt on, my pants on, not my shoes yet, but that will be during the break.
Are you excited?
Me, do you?
Well, that means I'm heading out to see my lady friends.
That's right.
Out on the town.
Man.
See, you got that guy all with them.
Tell us more.
Tell us.
That's it.
I have to wait until the other faxes that came in about the same thing.
Really?
Same one.
I think I sat in the garbage.
It sounds like a swishful thing to me.
Why is it not possible to have a lady friend with a court like some that just...
No, I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about the idiots that used to stir up all these psychosis you've fermented.
Oh, gee, maybe Neil really isn't...
After all, sorry, guess what?
Robert Brining was ready to cram down the hot dogs.
I'll speak into that.
He kept...
What's a good say, what?
If he kept his stomach empty for nearly two days in preparation for the competitive hot dog eating contest,
at the Kansas State Fair and Hutchinson Kansas, oh man.
Sounds like you're kind of town, George, but it took just nine francs until Brining
suffered what veterans of the competitive eating circuit call a reversal of fortune Monday afternoon.
Oh boy, you know what that means?
No.
Oh, well, we don't make any sounds.
And when his team of five national guards been finally won Nathan's hot dog eating contest,
chomping down some 46 hot dogs, hot dogs, hot dogs, hot dogs, hot dogs,
Brining was a little too nauseous to take part in the celebration.
It probably would be a long, long, long time, three longs until he feasts it on drugs again,
the quiz he consistent set, quiz he, and Pume.
Teams of sheriff's officers, media personalities, firefighters and grocery clerks all competed
in the Zeus hot dog eating contest, which drew twenty competitors Monday afternoon,
somewhere looking for entertainment.
Others didn't want to pay for lunch, but nobody actually believed they could beat the world's best competitive eater,
Takuru Kobayashi, who on July 4, 2004 ate 53 and a half winters and buns in just 12 minutes,
one franc every 13.45 seconds.
Kansas's best Hutchinson radio personality, lucky kid, when individual eating honors when he chomped down 14,
but that don't even go close to 53 and a half.
Before the golfing began, MC Ryan Nurtz, of the International Federation of Competitive Eating,
went over the contest rules and gave competitors a pet talk rattling off a few championship eating records,
eight pounds of mayonnaise in eight minutes, he said, as spectators groaned,
or how about 11 pounds of cheesecake in nine minutes, 11 pounds of cheesecake.
Well to me, that's physical poetry, said Nurtz author of, eat this book, that's the name of this book, eat this book,
that's beauty and athleticism, it's more athletic than golf.
Sure.
To win the state's tasty title, eat this, eat this 12 minutes, eat as many hot dogs as they could,
Nurtz told the eaters they could use any strategy to get them down,
but if the dogs came back up before 12 minutes to contest,
oh, is this qualify?
Oh no, if they came back up.
Of course.
What do you mean, of course?
There's plenty of places where they could wind up.
All 28 competitors met those standards, but branding wasn't the only one who felt pray to add digested this order
once the contest was over.
In other words, I think what they're trying to do is give them a cut sound.
For a spectator, Pat Goatley, that was part of the fun.
I just like watching people make fools in themselves while eating gold.
He said, one of hundreds of fans cheering on the Ferris contestants.
Obviously, there's lots of exciting things going on in Hutchinson, Kansas.
The biggest name, so best rock solid is this real Roger's sports radio 560s UAM.
Okay, no panic, this thing starts real low as you know, level is like, sorry.
There you go.
What's your life?
No panic.
The White House says, we're all the same now.
Can't be sure where they might strike them.
Yeah, we're nervous, Rex, because of all of the stress.
From Smith's, we better watch how he used to word our feelings the air.
It's a terrorist warning.
Oh, the government says, be prudent.
And I'm serious.
They say, not even but when they're not sensitive, they prefer to let you.
Yeah, I think they're a hopestaking.
Give me a stroll.
I think that might just really know it.
Yeah, live my life.
Enjoy the ride in my life.
I can't even buy a terrorist.
Make it sick.
On 19 at 560 WQ AAM, we have caught up in 30 and both side of the pool.
We need 62 to get to 1300, boy.
There's nothing wrong with 13.
That's not a bad number.
No, 62 votes in 40 minutes.
That's like one and a half a minute.
Piece of cake.
By the way, since you're such a sports fan, now since we got football season going dry,
what number does our tradeee add?
What's his name?
See, I'm so tongue-tied, I can't even say it.
Where you Quinn wear for the Notre Dame.
There would be number 10.
There you go.
Very good.
I give them a 10.
Now, this fact that you just sent me by the way, George, this is just so typical.
Again, giving instructions is to what I should do and what I should read and what I should say.
Typical.
White for your butt with it, okay?
Whoever sent this anonymous.
It says Neil, I'm as luck-wing as you can possibly be.
Come on, Easter.
Can't stand the Bush administration and believe history will find them to be the worst of our lifetime.
However, when you, Randy, or anyone else starts rattling off these ridiculous articles,
editorial theories about the government planning explosives in the World Trade Centers and repining the attacks,
you sound everybody's crazy as the lunatics who try to defend George Bush.
Get freaking real already.
This isn't the diehard with Bruce Willis fighting the terrorists,
planning the explosives in how-rise office buildings.
The article you just read stated this was the first time in history that buildings had collapsed due to fire.
Well, how many times prior to an unleaven of jet planes loaded with fuel,
slain into 110-story buildings, answer none.
I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart, but it wasn't the impact that made the buildings fall down allegedly.
It was the fire.
That's what we're talking about.
That's what they're comparing, fire in the building.
Smoke on the water and fire in the building.
Anyway, it says our government f'd up early.
We got hit hard.
Then Bush exacerbated the situation with obsession with Iraq, allowing us to solid remain free.
Then he goes on to say which I'm so relieved to find this out,
because he says it therefore must make it true,
in addition to which I didn't read the article because I'm selling the theory.
Have it I always said that prison planning and Alex Jones are way off there on the fringes
and conspiratorial-minded. Have it I always said that?
I think you have.
Yes, many, many times.
But that doesn't mean that they're wrong.
This is something for you to chew on.
That's why I spent two hours of my life last night watching a great CBC documentary last night about 9-11.
Which was very fair and balanced and objective.
It didn't have an agenda, unlike the EBC piece of right-wing crap.
And they took several shots at Clinton and the three shots they had at Osama,
and the fact that they were so concerned about collateral damage,
killing innocent people, that they living in good ways got free.
And they screwed up, but then they really ripped into bush and they laid it out there for you.
Most of it narrated, not narrated, but a lot of interviews with Richard Clark.
But nevertheless, what the hell would he know?
The really tragic part of the end when they had the, they were having the 9-11 hearings.
The 9-11 commission, and he was, he was there giving his testimony.
And then there were a bunch of the families of victims in 9-11,
and he was apologizing to them. It was a, it was a, to your guts out.
At least he had the balls to apologize so we screwed up, you know.
Anyway, but here's the, here's the answer, okay?
There's not a chance in hell says this anonymous facts.
Our government was behind the 9-11 attacks.
Stop trying to give credence to these ridiculous theories and focus on your unrelenting and deservedly so attacks on the moron in the White House.
Well, I'm going to do whatever the hell I want to do, not because you say so, okay?
I keep an open mind. That's why we put stuff on our website like Pentagon Strike and like, uh, loose change.
And like all of these, uh, things.
That's why we put them on there so people can watch them.
And they can, if you don't believe any of it, that's fine. You're entitled.
But I'm going to tell you right now, and I've said this many times before,
I wouldn't put anything past these bastards, okay?
Past these neocons. I'm in for anything. They're crazy people.
All this bloodshed, all these people who are dying based on a martial lies.
And like Richard Clark said, man, the day after September 12, 2001,
and he's sitting there in a meeting and there's Bush and Rumsfeld and Cheney and Colin Powell, all the top advisors,
and they're sitting in a meeting and almost immediately all Bush wanted to talk about was invading Iraq and the same with Rumsfeld.
And Richard Clark thought that somebody must be joking.
Said Iraq had nothing to do with this. And Rumsfeld chimes in with his crap about,
well, there's no good targets in Afghanistan. There's only a lot of good targets in Iraq.
I mean, it's surreal, like read a positive read on TV.
So what is surreal is the fact that the media accepts it so passively,
and the American public, these poll numbers come up, well, 56%, how come it's not 99% of anybody with a brain?
The media doesn't accept it. They're in on it.
Well, they're a part of it. That's right. They've been brought so old and paid for it.
That's the same people responsible for these situations.
We thought it was just Fox, okay? I mean, I totally see an end.
It's been trying to outfogged Fox for a long time now by sucking up,
just like during that Israeli invasion of Lesbian, the US prodded, promoted, and financed.
But ABC is right in their fighting too. And of course, CBS, they've already been spanked.
You know, they got a good spanking with the Janet Jackson fines,
and then with Dan Rather being sent out to pasture.
So what do we got left? We got NBC, the peacock, and of course, General Electric owns NBC.
And guess who gets a lot of those big, big contracts in places like Iraq?
Not General Electric. Yeah.
Oh, I will say this on the news last couple of nights.
All of a sudden they're like starting to go a little anti-the fascist.
You notice that? Mm-hmm.
Amazing. Almost offers you a little bit of hope.
But what does that leave? Maybe the WB, huh?
Maybe the WB is going to save America. What do you say?
Maybe. It's a...
Mirafor Port. Oh, I love that name. Who writes for Ha-R-X?
The what?
The Israeli newspaper Ha-R-X.
Ah, it's got like an apostrophe in there between the A's A.
Are any of the sort of a couple of articles from them over the vacation?
Well, good for you. I'm sure you did a hell of a job.
Heck of a job, Brownie Hound.
This summer. Didn't George do a great job?
Let's hear it for George, huh?
No!
Funny, Steve. How do you like that crap we had this morning, huh?
You know, you know, I thought about it last night.
I was sitting there watching this documentary.
And I thought about what you said.
And after all of these years, finally, you're right.
About what?
I don't care.
Oh, yeah. But good.
All right. No, let's get down.
I've got over 30 years in this market.
I've been on a station eight and a half, almost nine years now.
Got all lady.
Yeah.
They don't lift a finger to do anything positive for us.
So just make sure the check is there a day or two early.
Get it there on time.
And that's it. That's all I am.
Don't care more than them.
That is correct.
If you know if there are spots missing on the log, if you have other...
Well, whatever. That's your problem.
Okay. That's your funeral. That's the beesleys.
They're going to like miss a meal or two, but they're not going to be there.
But I doubt it.
Their ability to pay the bills.
That is correct. So screw it.
No, you're right.
Took all of the living longer than ten years at least.
Well, I mean, you can't care when you work for people who don't care.
That's the problem.
There you go.
All they want, like the sign on the wall, and we've had it there for over eight years,
just give us the FN money.
And that's exactly what this company's all about.
And we heard that this morning, basically.
If somebody's wanting to give us the money, we don't care what's going on.
We'll say whatever the hell they want.
And then that's what it boils down to.
Play it in simple.
Just give us the FN.
And that's fine as long as we get our chunk of it.
In fact, I'm thinking about chunks right now.
Blowin' some.
Chunks.
27 after 1 at 5, 60, WNH.
It's time for you to get a new mattress.
If you're old one just ain't cuttin' it no more.
Because there's nothing worse than not getting new to sleep.
It screws up your whole day the next day.
Don't waste your time in money.
Slumping around with those vending in department stores where you really get ripped off.
Even during their so-called big sales.
Because data mattress gives you factory direct lowest prices all the time.
Even lower than those so-called sale prices.
And data mattress gives you that delivery deal that's unparalleled in the universe.
They also offer you 12 month financing too.
Call 1-800-MATRICS who get the best prices, the lowest prices in the world on Seely.
And sort of, King Coral Simmons, Temporabetic, Stearns and Foster, Hewitt.
Now, the mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction because this whole deal all the way around you can't be the with a stick.
99.7% on time delivery rate.
You pick the date in time you want a 2-hour window from 8 AM to 10 PM any day, 7 days a week.
And they show up on time virtually every time.
Like to anew the 2, 1-3, 345-545, etc.
They even show up on the very same day that you call, if you call it like right now.
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
That is real service.
So, call data mattress.
I've been using them for years and you ought to be doing the same.
There's nothing like it.
The easiest and smartest piece of shopping that anybody could do.
Call 1-800-MATRICS, 1-800-MATRICS.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Sellout.
The biggest name of the best talents to the business,
the E.O. Rogers, 4th radio 560-MATRICS.
Not bloody bitches.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion wants you required to avoid a lack of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Why my religion have to face the industry and Rachel?
They, My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
When we like about the best type of image,
and why we address, my religion's better than yours.
Why religion is better than religion?
How religion is better than religion?
How religion is better than religion?
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
We can't know who we are.
The religion is better than religion.
Why religion is better than religion?
Why religion is better than religion?
YooooaaaaaaAH.
WE WAIT ME!
Situation is better than religion.
MIR rib
We wear ties and ride our bikes and descent marry lots and wives my religion is better than yours
We know what the news are, right?
We're more than just letting go of the race.
We're more than just letting go of the race.
And the more I think about that CNN poll, and of course now they're giving the other parts
of the poll and they start out and they give you like the initial numbers.
Oh 90% of Americans believe in God.
But then today they're like digging a little bit deeper and giving more of the findings.
Well in the South 43.5% believe in the authoritarian God.
You know his rationale wax hot and he's angry and pissed off and there's going to be a lot of hurricanes and tornadoes and plagues and all this stuff.
And boils.
Man, how about Milton Boyle?
He was Jewish.
And anyway so you know it just goes to show you that all of this crap, they're just peddling a state of mind.
What kind of God have you invented in your mind?
So all these people claim that they believe in God.
They're full of crap.
They don't know what they're talking about.
It's just a term, it's just a word.
And boy they done a good job peddling.
And man all the gods all the time.
Can you imagine how many thousand gods there have been through?
About 30,000.
30,000.
That's a lot more than that.
Sure.
30 million gods.
Well the Hindus have an infinite amount of gods.
Do they really?
They have gods for things that we haven't discovered yet.
Because they have.
They feel gods.
That's what I want to do.
Meron Rapaport who writes for Horace.
Can I have like a little piece of Swiss cheese here?
Oh I thought you were going to have it in my long term.
Drumroll or something.
I beg your pardon?
Why is that?
Musical accompaniment.
That's what I thought you were going to say.
Swiss cheese, it's crap, which I know you're going to be pissed off about.
Slice.
One.
Crap.
Why do you have such a bug up your ass about crap?
What already talked about it?
They're evil.
Why?
I really think you can come up with the same bad.
I'll come there and cheese has transplanted.
And that's what I like to know.
Because they're evil and they're going to come to get you.
Oh, no.
Maybe I should regurgitate.
Maybe I should like to hot dog out there.
Oh, what was that?
It's not like an echo.
Anyway, this is from Horace.
I should be eating and trying to read this stuff.
Yeah, probably to take a little bit of a video.
Actually what I'm going to do is reach over and shut that baby off.
I took some calls earlier.
It was fine.
There was a couple of idiots.
But it was okay.
Right?
We're going to ease into it.
We don't want to overdo it.
I'd give Commander we fired more than a million cluster bombs in Lebanon.
Right, Samiran Rappaport in Haaritz.
What we did was insane and monstrous.
We covered entire towns and cluster bombs ahead of an IDF rocket unit in Lebanon said
regarding the use of cluster bombs and phosphorous shells during the war.
Quoting his battalion commander, the rocket unit head stayed at the IDF
at about 1800 cluster bombs, containing over 1.2 million cluster bomblets.
In addition, soldiers and IDF artillery units testified that the Army used phosphorous shells during the war,
widely forbidden by international law.
According to their claims, the vast majority of said explosive ordnance was fired in the final 10 days of the war.
Remember how they kept saying, well we need more time, we need another week, we need another month, we need a video.
The rocket unit commander stated that multiple launch rockets, since we see you're right about that craft,
I think it's making me laugh.
We see you will back up.
To kill you.
Go back.
The rocket unit commander stated that multiple launch rocket system platforms were heavily used in spread of the fact that they were known to be highly inaccurate.
MLRS is a track or tire carried mobile rocket launching platform, capable of firing a very high-vitam, mostly unguided munitions.
The basic rocket fired by the platform is unguided and imprecise with a range of about 32 kilometers, about 18 miles.
The rockets are designed to burst into sub munitions at a plant altitude,
an altitude-nurdier blanket enemy army and personnel on the ground with smaller explosive rounds.
The use of such weaponry is controversial mainly due to its inaccuracy and ability to reap great havoc against indeterminate targets
over large areas of territory, with a margin of error as much as 1200 meters from the intended target to the area hit.
The cluster rounds which don't detonate and impact, believed by the United Nations, to be around 40% of those fired by the IDF and Lebanon,
remain on the ground as unexploded munitions, effectively littering the landscape with thousands of land mines,
which will continue to claim victims long after the war is ended.
I wonder what Princess Diana would think about that?
Because of their high level of failure to detonate, it's believed that there are around 500,000 that sounds like a half a million unsploded munitions on the ground in Lebanon.
500,000 to date, 12 Lebanese civilians have been killed by these mines since the end of the war.
According to the commander in order to compensate for the inaccuracy of the rockets and the inability of struck individual targets precisely,
units would flood the battlefield with munitions, accounting for the littered and explosive landscape of post-war lesbian.
When his reserve duty came to a close, the commander in question sent a letter to the defense minister, Amir Peretz,
outlining the use of cluster munitions a letter which has remained unanswered.
Excessive injury and unnecessary suffering, it has come to light that IDF soldiers fired phosphorus rounds in order to cause fires in Lebanon,
and artillery commander has admitted to seeing trucks loaded with phosphorus rounds on their way to artillery crews in the north of Israel.
A direct hit from phosphorus shall typically cause severe burns and a slow, painful death.
International law forbids the use of weapons that cause excessive injury and unnecessary suffering, and many experts are of the opinion that phosphorus rounds fall directly in that category.
The international red crosses determine that international law forbids the use of phosphorus and other types of flammable rounds against personnel, both civilian and military.
In response, the IDF spokesman's office said that international law does not include a sweeping prohibition of the use of cluster bombs.
The convention on conventional weaponry does not declare it prohibition on phosphorus weapons rather on principles regulating the use of such weapons.
For understandable operational reasons, the IDF does not respond to a constant details of weaponry and its possession.
The IDF makes use only of methods in weaponry which are permissible under international law.
artillery fire in general, including MLRS firework, used in response solely to firing on the state of Israel.
The defense minister's office said it hadn't received messages regarding cluster bomb fire, right?
And your mama's throw sucks and hell too, right?
Nice to page this.
140, we got the mad dog coming up into a clutch, and then we got the outside of the hour between 4 and 5 is a hoot that's a good idea that I came up with some time ago.
The chocolate or ditty pocket?
The Congolese are right, so try to broker a ceasefire to bring an end to the confiding, and it's filled over with 70 Lebanese and almost 40 Israel's leaders.
Come to the east to rise, horde.
You will need to sacrifice your child.
We're all told what it's talking about.
In the global ways, we're not going to fight.
You're too dumbly as a fight.
And somehow, I think you're there just for sure.
We need to be sure it happens all the time.
We'll never make any difference in Israel is the best dance.
We wish you this goal that we'll decide.
Yeah, we won't get further over the next five days.
Come to the east to rise, we're making a sacrifice I know.
The notion of how politicians that fight in the front of the Spanagan are actually talking to you in the last five protests.
Yes, please don't be nice.
The good thing is why did you will go?
But if you go so smoothly, she makes sure to be so friendly to people to no ceasefire until Hezbollah frees two captured Israeli citizens.
Yeah, there you go. Until we kill a whole bunch more people in the drawer and a lot more cluster bombs.
Okay, anyways, she was in the ANOVA SCOIA at the day.
Well, she was thanking all those fine folks for letting those planes land there on the 911 warmer.
They made all the planes in the year land.
And they're all whipped up about.
Kind of easy was here. We'll even have much else going on.
1278 votes. Now we're not going to fall short.
We have 13 minutes. We need 22 votes.
You people better not let us down.
Because if we don't get to that 1300 deal, I ain't coming back tomorrow or Friday.
Or if I win the 22 million in the lottery tonight, I sure is how I'm coming back tomorrow Friday or any other time.
22 million in the lottery tonight.
What do you think?
What? Good luck?
You better say good luck.
I take care of you guys. That's in a couple of bucks.
I want you to win.
I'd say in Josh about 10 bucks. Bring it under this thing already.
Yeah, enough already.
Enough. Just give us a bag of money enough.
Very well said.
Speaking of that article, I just read about cluster bombs.
I'm tempted to say something.
Non-leafed weapons such as high power microwave devices should be used on American citizens in crowd control situations before being used on the battlefield.
The Air Force Secretary said yesterday the object is basically public relations.
The domestic use will make it easier to avoid questions from others about possible safety considerations said Secretary Michael win.
He must be related to Edwin or Kenan win because he sure got quite a sense of humor.
If we're not willing to use it here against our fellow citizens, then we should not be willing to use it in a wartime situation said win.
Because if I hit somebody with a non-leafed weapon and they claimed that it injured them in a way that it was not intended, I think that I would be vilified in the world press.
The Air Force has paid for research into non-leafable weapons that he said these services unlikely to spend more money on developments until injury problems are reviewed by medical experts and resolved.
In other words, if you do die, at least you're lightly killed.
Non-leafable weapons generally can weaken people if they're hit with a beam.
Some of the weapons can emit short intense energy pulses.
It can also be effective in disabling some electronic devices.
Kind of like a stun gun or like sticking your ass in a microwave.
You know like that.
Not exciting.
It can be.
My power microwave devices.
Let's zap them baby when it does zap their ass out.
That's it. That's way to do it.
Now what do we got?
We're going to make the 13 because if we don't I'm going to be 12, 83.
We need 17 and 11 minutes.
Boy, it's going to be tough.
I thought when I refreshed that baby would be like 1300 and something already new.
I thought so.
Let's do it.
Unless they have a bandiness now.
12, 84.
They're coming in by the ones they're pouring in now.
Maybe tell those conspiracy theories you're petting.
That could be it because I'm so anti-American, anti-Israeli.
That might must be it.
Montreal shooting for a student's shot including one of the shooter shot himself.
Dawson College in Montreal.
Look at that.
Looky, looky, looky, somebody shot cookie.
These live pictures is right now showing a number of people on that corner.
How many frogs there are Montreal?
Okay.
These pictures actually are of Montreal Canada.
Carol, we're not going to go to that Dalton Illinois story.
Instead.
Oh, they have that bank robbery.
Let's go to Dalton, Illinois or Montreal.
We've seen some of the recent tape of a number of students who were running out of the building.
Now it appears at this corner here that there are a number of people and some...
From 86, we need 14, baby.
You're not doing this.
Students, but they're not running.
So we don't know if this is an indication.
This is going to be a pass.
It's going to come to an end.
Associated press has been reporting that the shooter shot himself.
Well, maybe he is.
You see what I mean?
That's just the bar too high.
We don't know anything more about whether that shooter who shot himself is one of the two...
1289.
...of reportedly hood that injured from the shooting as a whole.
Okay, I got to get this.
I'm going to have time for her in this.
Dawson, kind of, they show all the kids they're running there.
Looks like Columbine all over again, right?
Yeah, the smaller scale.
Dawson, college in Montreal, never heard of that, did you?
No.
What you did now, I got him on the map.
A Houston area lawmaker said today that he is vehemently insulted, not just insulted, but vehemently insulted,
by independent gubernatorial candidate Kinky Friedman's derogatory comments about Hurricane Katrina evacuees.
Did you see about this?
No.
Friedman, last week, contributed a spike in Houston's crime rate to the crackheads and thugs who evacuated New Orleans.
He has demonstrated a total lack of human sensitivity since state representative San Frania Thompson, Democrat of Houston.
San Frania.
The...
Where's my glasses?
Oh, it's San Frania.
That's cute.
The people over for Katrina have lost everything and are suffering not only from the loss of loved ones, but the trauma of the event itself.
What has precipitated from this tragedy is behavior that results from a disastrous event.
A spokesman for the Friedman campaign didn't return cost to A&P right away.
Kinky Friedman has called himself a compassionate redneck said Thompson.
Thompson, sure, one of the Texas legislative black caucus, he would do well to henceforth highlight his compassion while de-imphasizing his redneck tendencies.
Redneck.
Houston, police have reported that 59 of the 262 Houston murders between January 1st and August 26th involved Katrina evacuees.
Either as victims or suspects, 59 of the 262.
Friedman, a comedian running his independent before-weight governor race lighter said there were some good people among the evacuees.
Some.
Friedman earlier this week also said that we would not pander to the internet in the groups while campaigning for governor.
I don't eat tamales in the burial.
I don't eat fried chicken in the ghetto.
I don't eat bagels with the Jews for breakfast and Friedman who is Jewish, no kidding.
He said that to me is true racism going around and pandering to the various other groups.
And of course we know politicians would never do that with me.
No way Jose.
They're honest and upstanding.
I never got to the Dixie chicks who could've been dead.
Oh, Lord!
Why don't I have time?
I don't.
You do.
They love you.
The international press won't get their first look at the documentary Dixie Tick Shut Up and Sing until his gala premiere of the Toronto Film Festival tonight.
But entertainment weekly got an early look at the Shoulder Be Controversial Documentary in LA.
And can the festival of film will continue to bring the country to be more plotters from progressive and further condemnation from conservatives.
And if the thinks singer Natalie Mainz had some harsh words for Bush in public, wait till you hear what she had to say about him behind the scenes.
Anyway, I want to look at this.
You see, after watching the footage, this footage, Mainz reports, repeats the president's comment about how the group shouldn't have their feelings heard.
And Craigslist then says, what a dumb f.
She then looks in the canteries of addressing Bush and reiterates, you're a dumb f.
And it says in the article here, we could be wrong but we have a feeling that in Toronto released, they're going to love it.
Well, I'm in Toronto at least and I love it.
The police and the best weatherman in the world is the Eurogist, 4th radio 560, UAM.
It's day 1375, we made it baby.
1377 votes.
I'm your proud.
W.F.A.
I did no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
J.J. Jackson, Nina Bluff with Martha Quinn, Cindy Luffer, Cajun Puzzle and Berlin, and Tony Faisal, Simple Minds, Durand, Durand, R.A.
Oh, oh.
When we were children, oh, oh, oh, we used to love them.
And TV made the video starts.
Now no one knows who they are.
But they're living in their cars.
Oh.
Uh-uh-uh.
Now these days it's full of stars like the RL.
And if you ask me, if TV is gone now, I wish they'd bring back the report in the hotel.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
What happened to them?
Uh-uh-uh.
I really miss them.
And TV made the video starts.
What the career did go for?
Come on, them good, wave it hard.
Cos wearing spandex was much less hard.
Those ladies here, cuz where are these are?
Like what's down the ceiling and John's car?
Where are these are?
And TV made the video starts.
Oh.
And TV made the video starts.
And TV made the video starts.
Bye, bye, bye.
