What do you say?
Yeah.
What language would you speak?
Yeah.
Good morning.
You know a sandy peat.
Sandy peat.
I thought he said, I couldn't understand a word he was saying.
I hang over there, I don't know.
Something like that.
Do you know why to get paid today anyway, did you?
Today?
Yeah, it's a direct deposit day.
Yeah, it's supposed to be.
Why, why not?
That's an echo again, man.
That's driving me nuts.
Oh, wait, this is driving me nuts.
What do you mean we're not getting paid today?
No.
Why?
No, no, no.
No.
What do you mean why?
Because it's the beastly effing way, man.
You better get used to it.
Are you expecting it paid on payday?
You got some nerve, mister.
The clampets aren't coming up with money today?
The Yahoo's over on a West Coast didn't get the deposits.
This is the second time it's happened in the recent memory.
They didn't get the deposits to the bank.
So all the people who thought that they were going to get paid.
They say, I don't get direct deposit anyway.
All the last time this happened, I didn't get paid on payday anyway,
which is five days later for me, the 10th.
So what am I supposed to get paid?
They had cars running around trying to figure that out.
I see.
In other words, don't make any big bets between now and to see clearance.
Well, I'm leaving town tomorrow.
This is a nice time for that.
Right.
And of course, a lot of other people have already like...
I might leave town today, actually.
Yeah, you and me both.
There's no reason to come in.
You know, no pay, no labor.
No, no labor.
No, no, no, no.
That's my philosophy.
Yeah, me too.
If I don't get paid on Monday, if that's your turn, don't you open my house on Monday.
Bye-bye.
I'm taking an extra couple of weeks off.
What does this mean?
They're working with corporate to resolve this as soon as possible.
And as soon as I have more information, I will pass that along to you.
What I got information for them.
Adios for the rest of the week.
Good for you.
I ain't coming back to work this week.
I mean, go on strike, man.
Exactly.
I mean, now we have one obligation to me.
And that's the pay me.
On time.
Sticking clampings.
I knew this would put you in a good mood.
Unfreaking believable.
Unfreaking believable.
That great.
Oh, that's wonderful.
That just makes my day.
Yeah, everybody else there.
How about all the poor shlipers that have worked from hand to mouth paycheck to paycheck?
Of course, some of them don't agree about missing any meals.
I don't want to mention any names like you're a...
He's sick today, so we've given him a brief.
There you go.
We'll make any difference.
He won't miss any meals.
Thank you.
Losing hours.
Yeah.
This is a company, man.
This is a company on the NASDAQ stock exchange.
Yeah, well, you know what?
It's screaming about this for years.
Why should we expect to get paid?
The phone company doesn't get paid either.
That's right.
That's why they couldn't fax me stuff here yesterday because not from down the street,
they kissed or any of their other buildings.
Their long distance was all cut off.
And obviously, they didn't pay the bills just like direct TV.
These people don't pay their bills.
They're a bunch of Yahoo Rednex over there in Naples.
And they got this bitch that they brought down who's like a hospitalization lawyer of some kind.
Who doesn't have any background in this industry.
And she's telling me we can't say this and we can't play fart sound.
Well, guess what, Joyce?
That's a raspberry for you, honey.
Bitch.
That goes from me too.
Yeah, there you are.
Well, that's who you'll give her a raspberry.
Come on.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
This life, my forehead off.
That kind of whole way up here.
Geez.
Is this unbelievable or what?
Yeah, it is.
The whole place is up in arms and clerks is in there.
And I said, yeah, I asked him a question.
And we'll have a bit over that part of the building.
And I said, well, if I were you, if I were in that gut, I'm not.
But if I were you, I'd be over there right now instead of talking the small talk with me.
Well, I came in to see you first.
I said, that can wait.
Okay, you idiot.
Go down there and find out if people are going to get paid or not.
Yeah, I mean, you know what?
What if we didn't know?
You know, it's like, yeah, and you have it.
And you know, the other party checks around like a boy's dark bound.
Who's going to pay for the bounce checks?
That's right.
Who's going to pay for the ATM fees?
No, the other crap that people are running around.
I've tried to like put money back in like George.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fortunately, I won money in Las Vegas.
You know, thank God for that that I won money in Niagara.
I talked about becoming a successful, you know, successful professional gambler.
But I didn't realize that working here is like putting money into a slot machine.
You don't know what you're getting back to.
This is right up your alley.
Every payday is like pulling the slot.
That's right.
This is right up your alley.
At least you're experienced at this.
Well, I got a line for that, but Joyce had all been out of shape.
We don't care.
Senator read up her alley.
Yeah.
In fact, I think it's tin pan alley.
That's where those guys belong.
You've been there.
You've been in Nashville.
I'd be a good place for these bumpkins.
Wow.
Country bumpkins, man, pretending to be like big shot radio executives.
The beesleys.
George beesleys said this.
And Caroline beesleys said that.
And Bruce, and he's just a bunch of a mugwomps.
Okay.
They can't get your people paid on time.
They can't pay the full company.
They can't pay other direct TV people.
I'd say one good thing about having Greg here back in the day was if that happened,
he'd reach into his pocket and pay.
And the hell he did.
This happened before.
The hell he didn't.
Well, maybe for you.
But.
Well, you think Joel Bell is going to reach into his pocket?
He can say Joel Bell that I talked to on Monday that was going to get right with George and Josh.
And you know, that was his fault that he hadn't gotten their deal straight down.
But and I keep asking, is anything going on with that?
You had any conversation?
Unless he wants the beast to do the show tomorrow.
Yeah.
You know, he was worried that I was going to play music because I joked about that one day.
I think maybe that's what I do.
The Motown Review tomorrow, starting tomorrow.
Does this violate our contract?
Well, I mean, not getting paid on payday, violates everybody.
So you got a verbal contract.
I mean, whoever heard of working in a place, even an Imamatopthro.
It says in your contract when you get paid.
Right.
That's right.
Well, my check is due on Monday the 10th.
And I got news for you.
If it's not there, I'm going to be on a very long, long, long, long.
So if you and I wanted to jump to another station tomorrow, yeah.
We could do that.
Well, what station would that be?
I don't know.
Please don't tell me those.
I didn't say that.
I didn't say that.
Jesus.
God.
Talk about going from the frying pan to the fire.
You think their checks are going to clear?
They'll ask to have $3.5 million on the dolphins in the first season.
Are the Cox sisters still alive?
Cox, I'll hoist them, man.
I know them.
The Cox sisters.
Oh, I meant, what a memory you got.
That would be like starting when you call a cats in time.
Let's dig her ass up.
Hey, tonight, the hockey game is over on the cat.
Yeah, that's right.
Cats of the cat.
Remember those bus board signs we used to have with you?
I do.
The cat.
Yeah.
That's the cat, 1360.
I'm old, I remember that.
Somebody caught it and they strangled it.
What a station that was.
Although you know something in retrospect, at least we got paid on payday.
We didn't get paid all that much.
We got paid on payday.
You know what?
They should have to hand the liver checks to us today.
Yeah.
Even if they have to fly the Toronto.
Oh, yeah.
Now mine's not due to Monday.
Oh, you're old.
I don't need it early.
I don't get direct deposit because they keep making up lies that they can't give me direct deposit because I got.
But you and I have been through this before.
Yeah.
We both have our own corporation yet somehow.
You can get direct deposit and I can't accord them, which I know is a lie.
I don't get paid into my corporation from this job.
Really?
My other job I do.
I see.
But by the way, I can get paid into my corporation from Disney.
Yeah.
So why can't you get paid in because of where you live?
No, no.
It's got them to do with it.
What do you mean because of where I live?
I don't have any Canadian income.
What's the reason?
I don't understand it.
The reason is we don't want to.
We don't want to.
They don't say that.
But we don't want to.
Who now knows?
No, it's not that we don't want to.
You can't want to.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
It's just.
And level, if you're going to pay the payday.
They live from payday to payday.
People from payday to payday.
They go beyond.
They want to people to buy their stock.
Here's your out of what you're.
And now you're asking us car company and making up.
Others are going to buy this.
Else that Connie ox.
You shouldstrokerolls to make up for general.
Get home.
Your car awakens, call out the power to pay the money.
They live from Payday to payday.
Money, your car.
They live from payday to payday.
you know, you engineered some of the baseball broadcasts of some of the
three years later in the school.
And this is practically in tears.
You can see that the tears, the tracks of his tears on the
fax paper, please, please have this is my 23 quest, please pay me
yo yadda.
And they just don't want to pay anybody.
That's that's the way they live.
They don't want to pay their bills.
What kind of deadbeat don't pay their bills?
What kind of deadbeat company does has the satellite cut off because
they're not paying direct TV?
That's right.
The clamp is you got it, man.
They can never be bookmakers.
Tuesday comes along.
You're back.
Fishes like look a bratsy.
That's right.
Maybe some of the business will show up off shore with the
best on the day.
Maybe their best will show up at a dead fish in it.
I'd like to see Joyce's best with a dead fish in it.
Maybe they could save money.
You know, I get rid of a couple of people over there.
Yeah.
Like Joyce, he mean whoever you say useful.
I picked Joyce for starters.
They maybe we could like fart on a year.
I think a lot of people are farting around the building.
So you can probably smell it over there.
Can you imagine people come in here today and I'm talking about the
little people, not big shooters like us.
I heard about people that are living hand to mouth.
And they expect, I mean, you know, I keep trying to explain to
these people getting paid on payday.
And it's not like rocket science.
It's not like something revolutionary.
That's some great demand that I'm making or anybody else.
You know, people expect to get paid on payday.
You work for people.
You show up every day.
You do whatever they're supposed to do or close to it.
And that's it.
Pay me on payday.
That's all.
And these poor bastards are like, oh, well, guess what?
The positive didn't hit the bank.
And I'm sure it's like corporate wide because last time this
happened, it was the same crap.
And then you know what Caroline Beasley did.
Maybe you forgot about this.
She had the nerve, the hootspa.
She sends out a hostile memo saying, well, technically payday
isn't really till the 10th and 25th.
Anyway, so yeah, my contract with it is people on direct
deposit.
We're doing you a favor anyway.
So you know, screw off and we'll get paid when we feel like it.
That was the essence of her nice memo.
Yeah, well, screw you, Caroline.
How do you like that?
Some of us have feelings that say otherwise.
You're good.
Hold their feet to the fire until they burn.
Till they're doing the green apple quick step.
Well, I'll see you in a few weeks.
Have a good time.
Yeah.
I'm off for an hour.
Well, I'm here tomorrow.
Then I'm off for New York.
And I got to leave a little early tomorrow.
So I won't have a crossover with you.
I got a meeting in New York and four production meeting,
doing a wood memorial on Saturday.
Right.
So I'll say hi to Dave and all my good friends at ABC.
I will do that.
Give my regards.
Some of they need any extra help.
I'm a great hockey broadcast.
And I'm not going to get it.
What are you laughing about?
I am.
I know.
What the hell about hockey, man?
Oh, you're not you're not going to the game tonight.
I am.
Yep, they're not going to make it by the way.
Got no chance.
They're in a tough spot.
No, they're not the third done.
They're not the tough spot.
They're just not going to make it.
They only got seven games left.
Montreal.
That was two great games last night.
By the way, no nobody watched them,
but the arranger, fully game in a Montreal Boston game was like a playoff game was
unbelievable.
How about those marlins?
11 to two.
I turned it out.
It was eight to nothing.
And then it was 11 and nothing.
Then they went 11 to two seeing all these people.
All the more ones are going to lose the hunger game.
Well, maybe they will.
Yeah.
And we still want the money back.
See, that's probably why they can't afford to pay us because they're busy paying
in marlins.
The billionaires that own the marlins for the broadcast rights.
If I was the marlins, I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for the next check either.
I think you got your finger on that one.
Okay.
Well, I said, have a great day.
And you know, just lay low.
You can't afford to be gambled.
I'm not going to wood buy now.
Not today.
I've got to better stay home.
I wasn't going to gamble today.
And you know, well, today, now I will because I'll see if I can do better,
you know, in the horses than I do here.
I think everything every payday is a gamble now with a beastly.
Yeah.
They can't cut it.
Let's take up a collection.
Let's start auctioning stuff off on eBay.
Come on.
Let's do it.
There's a lot of valuable crap in that building.
Let's auction the whole place.
So let's auction the equipment off on eBay.
Oh, it's not worth.
Right.
Are you going to get much for that?
No.
Well, pocket change.
Get some petty cash.
Got some.
See you, Manny Ana.
Got some broken headsets here.
Oh, it's more than I got.
I'll see you.
Bye.
The music press on the company.
I was the most guest and caller.
And you not reflect those at the Beasy Bracess group.
It's gas.
That's absolutely.
For training, I'll price it's me.
Oh, thank you, eBay.
I am a good boy.
Oh, wow.
Oh, my God.
It's $6.7.
Don't buy me.
Be cheap.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
George Bush keeps saying so.
He's improving the U.S.
for the patrol.
But such a sick show.
Ten million folks.
Not getting from Mexico.
They're hiding in the trees.
When they're caught, the feds just let them free.
They get fat.
God, these are 30 cents for more.
Your neighbor's run.
Your neighbor's run.
Your neighbor's run.
Our borders have more holes than a flat dumps with cheese.
Looks like we'll be broken up for hot tomorrow.
These sometimes I wish I had a plan to run me.
But I need a maze from home.
That's what that news deep Pintly's dead.
It hurts to be in love.
It hurts to be dead.
Well, I guess the pain is gone now.
He's dead.
And what we're just talking about, Gene Pintly,
quite a bit the other day.
One time we saw his records, remember that?
Yes, I did.
I don't remember why.
He came up.
He popped up, and now we popped back down.
Oh, I know why.
Why is that?
Because of this, because you were talking about the town.
Our town.
Or a town without Pintly.
Right. That was his biggest tip.
He was singing about South Florida's first.
A town without Pintly.
Okay, Killa, we don't have time to pass you around today
because we've got to like get rid of him to our business.
Yeah.
For our Gene, let's see him, no, Mo.
Gene Pintly's dead.
Don't assume.
I never realized he was really that ugly when he came right down to it.
His strange, strange looking dude, very bizarre.
That's okay.
And by the way, you know, the media, first it was, well, I mean,
we went to the alien business.
I've told you this for years.
The media tells you what you ought to be whipped up to a friend's
about yesterday.
I thought it was bad when we were on the air during the show.
It was just in very kidneys, the congressional hearings.
Airby Newscast last night, it was like a breathless revelation
about this kid who of course had no idea what he was doing, right?
Right. He's a victim.
Right.
Well, I got news for a victims of pedophiles.
The pedophiles ought to be shot, for as I'm concerned.
And his kid's parents probably ought to both be shot, too.
Especially the father who was pimping him out.
But the fact of the matter is he knew exactly what he was doing in there.
But the media, oh my gosh, he's an A student.
Can you believe me?
Yeah, right.
Right.
Victim, my ass.
But at any rate, that's the media for you again.
You know, we're supposed to be all whipped up a lot of Justin Barry
and whipped up about the chicken aruba and whatever else it is.
The hot topic, do you sure?
You know, and whipped up about Katie Couric is now with officials
who's going to see me.
Who gives the crap already, okay?
But we'll read the story until some time.
10, 14 at 5, 60 WQAM, where the health can't get paid.
And man, maybe they can get laid, but they sure can't get paid.
It's not good.
I bet you're joshing too pleased about this either.
No, not.
See?
Even he, even he who ordinarily is Mr. Non-committal.
Even he is like a little son.
I could tell right there is Surley, a little Surley on it.
And George is beyond Surley because he already like went to the ATM
and took cash out because he was sure was paid,
but the way direct deposit would be there.
And guess what?
Now he's got to go and put it back.
Right?
I hope you stocked up what you did.
That's good day order that pasta because you're going to be
nothing but pasta for a long time now.
Right?
You and the whole family and the dog.
Boy, too bad.
Tiny would still be here, you know what?
What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity turned out not to be true?
What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt
at traditional retirement planning weren't giving you the best chance for success?
Thursday, April 6th, tomorrow.
The Financial Education Institute is connecting a free seminar for South Florida homeowners
and titled, Common Sense Strategies for Successful Equity Management.
Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time,
or maybe increase your spendable retirement and come by 50% without increasing your
career budget today?
Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself from any declining real estate market?
South Florida homeowners are embedded with them this Thursday tomorrow at 6.30 in the PM
at the Hundley and Boynton Beach, free a charge.
Thanks to paradigm wealth strategies.
Visit us online at FEI-Florida.com
or call out a reserve spot for yourself for tomorrow night at 954-389-8575
954-389-8575
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-A-S
Here's God's name.
Donald, I understand that Melania's breastfeeding and her breasts are huge.
Yes, bigger, better, stronger, more beautiful.
You've got to be thrilled.
I am. They're both very, very fascinating.
I have a good relationship with her.
And we have a lot of fun.
It sounds like it. Melania, you're thoughts?
I'm considering you.
Okay, she's having fun.
And so my brother.
I can imagine.
I am when crazy.
Okay, I get the idea.
No.
No.
For on you, is it any fun for you?
I don't think so.
It's all I can say.
1018 at 5.60 WDQM.
Singer Jean Pitney has died in the middle of his UK tours agency.
The 65-year-old American star was found dead just after 10 o'clock this morning.
That's a bird time.
That would be 5 o'clock our time.
At the Holt-Noah's telling Cardiff Wales.
Or is that Wales?
Wales.
They're well, well, well.
It hurts to me, Mom.
There's this greatest song.
Not as big a sip for my favorite.
I like it too.
It's a good song, as it is.
Jean Lee told Reuters, Pitney had died on Wednesday morning in the Welsh capital.
Poor Jean Pitney.
What do you say?
Strange dude.
What have you got off the spaceship?
There was no immediate word on the cause of death.
Friends said he was an apparent good health.
His death came as a shock.
Oh my God.
South Wales police had even called a hotel at 9.50 this morning and that the death wasn't being treated as suspicious.
His 40-year career included the massive hit 24 hours from Tulsa 1963.
His most famous song, not his best one, but his last US hit was She's a Heartbreaker in 68.
I don't have either one of those.
No, Mom.
You don't have 24 hours from Tulsa?
I assure you, do you play it?
No way, other day.
But I don't.
Oh.
I don't think I did.
Maybe just made it up.
Pitney was found in his bed by a true manager Mark Hawes of In Touch Music told the BBC.
He did a good show last night at St David's Hall.
It was wonderfully said.
I've seen quite a few times on this tour.
He was fit and well.
He said it was the best to reason for quite a few years.
Pitney wrote the fame in the 1960s was introduced to a new generation of fans in 89 when he duetted with Mark Ollman on something's gotten hold of my heart.
You ever hear that?
I never heard.
The secret of Pitney is heard.
Oh, UK number one, 22 years after its first release, Mayweather Day, UK thing.
He had 11 top 10 hits including in the UK.
That grew along the yesterday and looking through the eyes of love.
I remember that.
His songs have been recorded by some of the world's biggest stars.
Hello, Mary Lou was released by Ricky Nelson, also dead, of course.
Today's Teardrafts were Orbison, also dead.
And Rubber Ball, my US singer Bobby V, and British artist Marty Wilde.
He worked with the Stones, credit with helping them find fame in the US.
In 2002 inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Rubber Ball by Bobby V, that must have been the rubber ball from Joyce's mouth.
A spokesman for Cardiff Corner Mary Hasseltold PA.
What is PA?
What is that?
They keep referring to that.
I don't know what that is.
Do you know what that is?
Nope.
She had been officially informed of the stars death.
Spokesman said a post-mortem example, take place to establish her that Inquist will be necessary or not.
That's what the stuffy Brits are saying.
Maybe they've done it, maybe they give them a bad cup of tea like the Pope got there that time.
That cup of tea and just don't wake up.
So what was it that don't say the word now?
Stovey or Brother Laskoni said that people that vote for his appointing.
He's going to lose, thank goodness.
Biggest crook in the world next to Bush and Bandar Bush.
But he called them a bunch of D heads.
Italianos who are going to go against him.
I'll screw him.
Don't say it.
1689 votes on the poll.
What's your take on illegal immigrants?
We asked yesterday.
They deport all the legals now 599.
Obviously the correct answer.
We don't care if there's 40 million of them.
Guess what?
You came in illegal.
You're going out fast.
Bye-bye.
Don't let the door hitch in the ass on the way out.
Only deport Cubans, 382.
That was just a soft-footed frustration vote, I think.
Just really tear those old green tooth crowd, you know?
That's proud.
See, I'm too lazy to even like...
No, no, no, no, no, don't do that.
Every coiz little effort.
If they don't want to pay us on time, we're not going to make that kind of effort.
See, you know the way I look at it?
These people ought to kiss the ground.
They're lucky that the hired help show up every day.
I'll keep the thing going.
I'll keep the transmitter for the final tubes with something glowing on them.
Yeah. There's a sound coming out over the ear.
They're just lucky as hell they ought to kiss us on the ass, man.
And these people, and instead, it's like, oh, well, maybe you'll get paid, maybe you won't.
And here it is, it's 10-22 already, and they still, from the best I can discern,
haven't got an answer for you for a bad student's absence.
Have they?
There is a commentary yet with some kind of an answer?
No.
Nothing. Zero, zip it into the...
As usually, coming in empty handed, which in his case...
Too many already here illegal immigrants, grant the man the seat 266.
That's what some of your people, some of you, defeatists say.
You know, like, uh, Gourmet's Telford. Let's just give up throwing the towel.
Build a wall on the Mexico-US border, 179 said that.
I hate this pool, 122. That's always good for a few yucks.
No matter what the pool is, I hate it.
Ah! Like that.
Arrest people who hire them 88, and only live in Cubans 53.
I have a feeling, man. You think we had BS under the previous regime.
I think we got 10 times the BS now out of these guys.
These guys are real, real cute, you know?
Oh, yeah. Well, that was my fault. I didn't get around to do it.
Yeah, I don't want to talk to them. I don't want to know from them.
I want my paycheck on payday.
And I got news for them, okay?
Payday, my payday is Monday the 10th.
It's five days away from now.
And the fact check doesn't show up in my box in plantation on the 10th of, uh, whatever it is, April.
In my PO box, then there's going to be hell to pay.
I mean hell.
Because this just happens over and over and over and over and over and a company that can't pay the hired help on time.
What do you call a company like that?
Well, what's the one word that comes to mind when you think of that?
That's the word I think of.
Crap, crap company.
CC. Ever CC, uh, CCR?
Yeah.
They put the CC and CCR.
Crap company.
You've heard the Crap company. This is the Crap company.
Can't get well.
We somehow didn't get to the deposit today.
Because they have got it. They don't got it.
The truth is he handed money out to a Jeffrey Alluria and David Samson for the Marling Games if they're losing their ass on.
Stuff like that. Important crap.
Just like they were going to all of my other dolphins before.
Remember all the times when the Wayne was having nervous breakdown because they didn't pay the dolphin broadcast fee, right?
They just don't pay.
They don't pay.
They want to play as their name is, would say.
They want to play, but they don't want to pay.
And he's just in very said.
If you want to play, you got to pay.
Kid was making hundreds of thousands of dollars and we're supposed to be.
Oh, it's so bad.
Yeah.
See, I feel bad for like like that Homeland Security guy that I thought he was talking about 14 year old girl online.
We'll get to that story in a minute.
The kids that really are exploited.
Just like the kid that what's his name?
The weather fairy was going to meet there.
And then what was that in Port St. Lucia somewhere up there in Vero?
Yeah, their boots are so.
So they happen that nick of the woods.
Miss Kamal thought was going to go meet some 13 or 14 year old boy.
With his with his big can of acilena, whatever you had with what do you have?
Jar of permaloo.
I think it was Chris.
Yeah.
The counter money.
Chris go 804 votes on here.
What do you believe?
Because it is almost Easter now coming up soon.
So I thought we'd resurrect this poll we've done it before.
804 votes.
What do you believe about Jesus?
He was money of one of many self proclaimed profits 247.
Everybody and their brother has run around in those days.
I am the way.
Of course, just like that.
Benny, him, Benny, Hannah, all these guys.
Pat Robertson, Jerry Fowl Balls, Jimmy Swagger.
All these funny boys.
Jim and Tammy Faye, with her pancake makeup 247.
Just one of many.
He was the Messiah 143.
That's really interesting because the first time we did this poll which is quite some time back.
32.9% of the audience said there weren't as many choices.
But a third of the audience said he was the Messiah.
And that's only 17%.
So maybe we got rid of those Jesus Christers.
We can only pray.
Bye-bye.
Take your bubble-mysies and get lost, including my neighbor over there.
Go away.
Leave us alone.
He never stole a freight train.
112.
I can go along with that.
Even with his powers.
Oh, and I got a great story about from the U of M.
This professor says he didn't walk on water.
It was ice.
A floating piece of ice.
But anyway, we'll get to that.
Do you see that story?
No.
He's strictly for goyem.
Jesus.
79.
There was never any such person 70.
He was just a regular guy like you and I.
59.
I hate this.
455.
He was a homo 27.
And he was a snappy dresser.
26.
Like Neil.
818 vote.
He had nice sandals.
Any more Berkinstogs, I think?
Sure.
The original.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised when he makes a comeback.
He's going to be doing info-mortals for Berkinstogs.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
If you think you have termites in your home, you need to call
Riddet-Pest-Control to then get a free termite inspection before your home is gone.
Riddet-Pest-Control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs.
100% on contact.
They are gone faster than you can say.
We've got a real mess at QIM.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way for you to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home.
You don't have to worry about poison as gas.
Well, I bet you Tommy would have something to insert right there.
No move outs or hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
No poison is gas.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean
scent of oranges for just a few days.
It's a mahaia.
It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddet-Pest-Control right now and find out about their amazing
orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites and their eggs.
100% on contact.
No tending.
No kidding.
No BS.
Call right now for a free I inspection at 1-800-447-4348.
No obligation.
A free inspection.
And believe you may be well worth it because now it's termite time.
1-800-447-4348.
1-800-447-4348.
For aid.
Be sure and tell him Todd Drak told you to call.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-A-S.
And for nothing.
Absolutely.
The crack smoke's coming out of no-one.
Whitney's got a label in her family.
Holds.
Can't get off the pipe.
Her hair is a riddle and a keepthar rotten.
But Whitney still keeps using lots of drugs.
And when she's such a thing that she's covered with drugs,
they find work has pictures of all of Whitney's drug paraphernalia,
Neodores and schools, mushrooms, Whitney turns her mansion into a crackdown.
It won't be long till she's sold off to rehab again.
Because there's cracks smoke coming out of no-one.
Whitney's got a label in her family.
Holds.
Her hair is a riddle and a keepthar rotten.
Once Whitney just start working on her civil hygiene.
Because she's not clean.
And the smell is of sea.
Crack is a whack.
Crack is whack.
Crack is whack.
All right.
Maybe that's what we got a problem with you.
And we got a crank problem.
Crackdown.
I mean, that's what it is.
Maybe somebody got a big pipe full over there on a West Coast, you think?
Maybe I know that a lot of guys over there lay in pipe.
I know that.
A lot of money on that white powder.
Anyway, now somebody evidently keeps things for our guests.
There's always a good idea to hang on to things, even though they're all looking at the data on this.
Somebody just passed this.
Yeah, somebody else.
I keep everything.
Or you kept this?
I did.
Wow.
This is dated September 20th, 2000.
And it's a memo from the Beasley broadcast group Sandra Cook rhymes with schnook.
Give a cook.
Raid direct deposits to business managers.
This is September 20th, 2000.
We are aware that direct deposits didn't hit the bank as usual.
The bank is informed that they should hit the individual accounts by Saturday.
They'll be dated from Monday 925.
Although this is an inconvenience, please remind your employees that the actual pay date is 925.
And there's no guarantee the money will be in their accounts before that time.
Even though 99% of the time it hits before that date.
You might also let them know that we go live on the new system next paid period.
So they need to make certain the money is there prior to spending it.
Well, whatever that means.
And then there was a second part of this.
No, no, no.
Unfortunately, that was the other memo is on another occasion a couple years later.
Oh, this is, oh, I see.
Separate event.
I say, unfortunately, the direct deposit wasn't scheduled correctly by the 5th third bank.
However, I've repeated the procedure this morning.
Anyone with a 5th third bank, I don't know what that means.
Third bank account will be memo posted, meaning the funds will show as being available immediately.
Everyone else will go through the Federal Reserve overnight.
We'll have their funds available tomorrow morning.
This is another screw up.
Again, as before, please remind the employees that the payroll date.
See, they always come up with this crap.
No, right.
No, the people that are in direct deposit, the payroll date said the 5th and the 20th.
Always have been.
See, there's such a thing as precedent.
And when you pay people over and over again on certain dates, that's when payday is.
And like Hank says, and his contract, it says, you know, in mind, it says the 10th and 25th.
Which I can wait another 5 days.
I won't miss any of us posted.
And that we advance direct deposits 5 days is an incentive to sign up for direct deposit.
Well, what incentive to sign up for one?
In other words, if you're not going to get paid that you don't know you're going to have the money, then what's the incentive?
Instead of for fraud, instead of to get conned, instead of to write to start bouncing some checks around.
Instead of to live dangerously.
Yeah.
Well, when you work for the beesleys, man, you're already got to take in your life and your hands believe me.
I run a blow out of life.
And the grave, and the ones that are in drop to serve the blind is an I-L-E-G-I-L-I.
You thought that Enron was a scam?
You ain't seen nothing yet, baby.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you about the beesleys.
What a great sitcom that would be the beesleys.
And Joyce could be on it.
It was like her little apron on.
And they could like tie her down and put a rubber, a rubber ball in her mouth.
Got the theme song.
Oh, man.
There you go.
It's the beesleys.
It's the, what are the clampets, the same calls.
What a bunch of mugwants, man.
Can't get people paid.
And Joe Bell thought he was coming into like a real deal here.
And of course, he should know, because I'm sure the same thing happened at Kiss when he was over there, right?
Right.
It's the same company.
Same bunch of goyam.
So anyway, speaking about real victims of child abuse, as opposed to this phony,
below anything that the media has all whipped up and were friends you about.
And another thing, you know, that this so-called journalist from the New York Times,
what he should have done.
And I just really wonder, he took this kid under his wing for six months.
Under his wing.
Had him off drugs.
And I know, yeah, some maybe he did save the kid's life, which is very commendable and wonderful.
But in the meantime, he violated every canon of journalistic ethics.
He had no business writing the story himself.
He should have gotten somebody else at the time to write this story,
and he was going to be like involved as the babysitter or whatever he was doing, whatever he was sitting on.
But here's a real story.
The deputy press secretary for the Miami Department, for the Department of Homeland Security,
was arrested yesterday for using the Internet to seduce what he thought was a teenage girl authority said, in Miami, no less.
Brian J. Doyle, 55, but Silver Spring, Maryland, who I'm sure is a good Republican,
was arrested on charges of use of a computer to seduce a child,
and transmission of harmful material to a minor, the charges were issued out of Polk County, Florida.
Remember Polk's aledani?
Mm-hmm.
Well, he wanted to poke it.
Doyle had a sexual-a explicit conversation with what he believed was a 14-year-old girl whose profile he saw on the Internet on March 14,
the Polk County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
The girl turned out to be an undercover Polk County Sheriff's Computer Crime Detective, the Sheriff's Office be saying.
Doyle sent the girl pornographic movie clips and had sexual-a explicit conversations by the Internet to say,
this is a guy who was in Homeland Security, boys and girls.
During other online conversations, Doyle revealed his name,
that he worked for the US Department of Homeland Security, a real genius or rocket scientist,
and offered his office and government issued cell phone numbers, the Sheriff's Office said.
Doyle also sent photos of himself to the girl, but authorities said they were not sexually explicit.
On several occasions, Doyle instructed her to perform a sexual act while thinking of him,
and described explicit activities he wanted to have with her.
Homeland Security press secretary Russ Nakie, in Washington, said he couldn't comment on the details of the investigation,
we take these allegations very seriously and will cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation he'd be saying.
Doyle was expected to be placed on administrative leave this morning.
Can't imagine why.
Well, there's that Katie Kursk, bitch again.
Oh, let's get it over with all ready.
Okay, get to the start of the way.
Hoi Vee.
I don't know about you, but I don't know which one more exhausted from that whole Justin Berry thing,
which we saw 4,000, they must have spent 50 hours on that thing yesterday.
And every time they presented it was like with this breakfast, oh my goodness,
is there something unusual about this?
And then of course, in her case, I mean, talk about making a mountain out of a whole hill, good God.
You could put her down in a thimble and have room for the Chinese Army left over with.
On her 15th anniversary on today, Katie Corrig tool viewers this morning,
she's leaving to join CBS to become the first woman to sold anchor in network evening newscast.
Of course, what's her name? Elizabeth? Is that Vargas?
What is your name? I don't know.
On ABC. Yes, she's doing it now because Bob would have got hoi a little bit.
It was an accident and he got hurt in a racket then near kill.
Billy Vargas, I know that artist.
No, you know who she is.
I just had to say, you said she was just fine.
She's okay.
Okay. She's doing a solo, at least the news anyway.
I wanted to tell all of you out there that after listening to my heart and my gut,
I decided I'll be leaving today at the end of May.
She said, oh, what a iteration.
I really feel as if we become friends to the ears.
Now with me, you have and Katie is suck.
You stink, honey. Oh, I forgot. Again, I forgot to ask Hank about working with Katie Corrig.
It's your fault. I'm sorry. I was a little distracted today.
Why, when there was bouncing checks?
Yeah, I'm wondering how much that's going to cost me.
No.
But third, man.
I got news for the company.
Anybody who includes any charges, bank charges for bounce checks, return checks.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But it's just that they deserve it.
They deserve to fail.
This company deserves it.
And anything evil that can happen.
This company deserves it.
Because they just...
They abuse and then know it's the bank's fault.
It's always somebody else's fault.
You know?
Isn't that right?
Of course.
They don't make mistakes.
It's a broadcast against BBGI.
They lie a lot.
But they don't make mistakes.
Put in joy, Senator.
That was the mistake.
Put in the sternon here.
That was the mistake.
Put in the frow on here.
That was the mistake.
Yeah.
1042 at 560 WQM.
Hey, I'll tell you what's not a mistake.
To take your tutsis to Brandeys.
People have been doing that for years.
And I've been raving about them for a long time.
Because they are the best Brandeys shoes and Pompato Beach.
Brandeys carries all the top names like Floreshime,
Echromofisto, Rockport, Hushpuffies,
New Balance, tons of other name brands in all sizes.
For men and women, we really mean all sizes,
even like wide widths and hard to find sizes as well.
Brandeys shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer
in all of South Florida.
And when you go in there and see the selection,
it's inviating for you at Brandeys.
You'll understand why I rave about them and have been for years.
Go see our good friend Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right to finish shoes for your old feet
at the right price every time.
Unlike those department stores where you can't get weighted on,
and when finally you do, whatever style you've picked out,
oh, sorry, we don't have that in your size at all.
You kidding me?
Brandeys doesn't do that because the only thing they do do
at Brandeys is shoes.
So you never have to worry about size, selection, service, or price.
Brandeys shoes, you'll find them at 1290 North,
and our federal highway in Pompato Beach
between Atlantic and Copa is on the east side.
Can't miss it.
Brandeys open every day, Monday through Saturday till 9,
and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandeys.
Save 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's styles.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandeys this week
or shop for your shoes right online at brandes shoes.com.
This is New Rogers.
This is 516-K-A-M-O.
The wear of exploding bull.
Mariah, you are a survivor.
I mean, the weather of wood was written for you.
It survived it.
Let's go back a bit.
I want to talk about your childhood,
because you've had a very colorful life.
But you did never very happy childhood.
No.
When you were growing up, you became a prostitute.
Right.
You said, Mr. Tufferstein, you ever had to do it?
Why was it so tough?
When you are in that world of ultra-powerful men,
and you're really young,
it's easy to be controlled and to be scared.
Sex on the streets.
Mm-hmm.
I would like...
What a childhood.
Up next.
I read that you treat your back up.
Yeah, I do.
And you haven't worn the odor in 20 years.
Right.
You are.
A pig.
I'll sure go along with that.
And so will Luis, by the way,
still later interested on me.
1047 at 560 WDQ AM.
Oh, remember yesterday I mentioned about Jesse Helmson
and he forgot to the story.
It's because we had so many great colleges today.
That's right.
What happened to George?
He went for a ducer trace?
That's what he's doing.
Well, I don't blame him.
He's probably doing a green apple crisp step in there.
Wonder what the hell is he going to do now?
Everybody trying to cover their ass now.
And our excuses.
We get stories.
There's all kinds of stories.
The bank done it.
The dog done it.
Maybe the dog ran off with the deposits.
You know, you see those spots.
Oh, yeah.
The dog comes along and picks up the thing
and his mouth and runs off.
And the way he goes is ever to be seen again.
And all the everybody's deposited
to like in a stream somewhere.
There's a stream all right over there in Naples.
Believe you me.
Found somebody's leg.
There's a big stream going.
Whoever the hell keeps screwing this thing up
because they can't.
They don't want to.
They don't want to pay anybody.
That's what it boils down to.
We got some nerve expecting to get paid.
Much less paid on time.
Whoever heard us say that.
Did you ever hear anything like this?
No, not before I've been, you know, been here.
Not before you come to WQA.
Not before you come to BBGI, man.
Where we pay you when we feel like it.
And you better kiss the ground
and you could pay it all.
Because payday is whatever we tell you.
We make it up as we go along.
You thought it was the fifth.
Guess what?
It's the tenth.
You thought it was the tenth.
Guess what?
It's the fifteenth.
So I better save this
till when George comes back.
Oh, I'm back.
Oh.
I know that I mentioned this yesterday
and I never got around to it.
What's that?
Former US Senator Jesse Helms
had increasingly poor health before
and since he left office three years ago
has vascular dementia.
Oh!
And has moved into a convalescent
senator's home, his wife said.
And that is shame.
Nope.
He has his good days and his bad days.
Dot Helms told the news observer
for his story of Sunday.
He still sees his friends.
Company is good for him.
He's still signing books.
But he's not able to conduct
any business or make any speeches.
The 84-year-old Republican
has been slowed by illnesses
including a bone disorder,
prostate cancer, and heart problems,
as his career nearer
did and he made his way
through the camp of a motorized scooter.
Well, I tell you, in agriculture this week
and there was a woman on a scooter.
My, she was just zooming at me
and Miracles, she didn't kill anybody.
Just zoomed all around that joint.
He decided against
seeking a six-term and left congress
in January 2003.
Vascular dementia is considered one
of the most common types of dementia
in aging people,
with systems that may appear
similar to those caused by Alzheimer's,
according to the memory in aging center
with the University of California San Francisco.
Helms last major pivot appearance was in September,
when he was honored by a group of conservatives
in Washington.
In December, he dined with you two,
rocker Bono,
who briefed a senator on D-A-T-E
or Dead AIDS Trade in Africa.
A non-profit organization
he upbound in 2002 with other activists
to increase awareness of the crises in Africa.
That's Bono, a funder,
not Jesse Helms.
His memoir,
Here's Where I Stand,
was published in September by Random House.
Here's where I, no,
it's actually now it's called,
Here's Where I Used to Stand.
Helms' wife was 63 years
had a she and his friends visit him daily
and then he hopes to resume going to church.
Oh, yeah, say a little prayer
like the Ottawa would say.
Maybe she can say a little prayer
on her psychic outline for you, Jesse.
You miserable third.
God.
895 votes on the Jesus' pool,
just in time for each of you.
He's the priest here,
boy, talk about sacrilegious.
What do you believe about Jesus?
One of many suffer claim prophets,
just another one in Getsky's 268.
He was a Messiah,
160, 17.8% of you.
You people crazy or what?
He never stole a freight train,
122.
Are they crazy or what?
Oh, I knew it.
Nuts.
Talk about brainwashed.
Strictly for going to Jesus, 84.
I guarantee there's not one other pool
in the history of the human race
about Jesus that ever said,
strictly for going to him.
Although I think I said that once before,
I would say,
I enjoy putting that on there.
There was never any such person, 75.
Very possibly.
It could be.
He was just a regular guy,
63.
Maybe he's just invented by a tall,
tall guy.
Right.
I hate this pool, 63.
He was a homo, 32.
And he was a snappy dresser, 28.
I think there's a correlation
between those last two.
Guys with that long hair back in those days
and with him sandals, you know.
Right.
Dresses, the word dresses.
Or gallons they were considered.
Yeah.
Now of course they're considered
to be men of God,
like the Pope,
the Nazi Pope,
and all the bishops, you know.
When I was a great headgear.
Now speaking of this whole Jesus thing,
the New Testament says that Jesus walked on water
but a Florida University professor,
how about those gators?
Anybody care?
No, no.
Screw him.
How about those Marlins last night?
I'd love it a two.
They won a game.
They won a game.
Mark it down.
Aren't you surprised, Josh?
Well, this is a long way to go.
160 games.
They're going to what a few, you know.
They're mono, mono, mono, uno, uno.
Uno, uno.
The New Testament says that Jesus walked on water
but a Florida University professor believes
there could be less miraculous explanation.
He walked on a floating piece of ice.
Ready for that?
Listen to this.
This could be very, very important to have the white data.
It's more, more just a conjecture about crap
that happened thousands of years ago.
It's a story anyway, so it doesn't matter what.
When you think about Dr. Sam Shepherd,
you're thinking we need to kill this wife or not?
Yes.
Professor Duron Nuff also theorized in the early 1990s
that Moses parting of the Red Sea had solid science behind it.
Aha.
Nuff, a professor of oceanography at FSU,
said yesterday that this study found
an unusual combination of water
and atmosphere conditions in what is now northern Israel
could have led to ice formation on the sea of Galilee.
Nuff used records on the Mediterranean Sea surface temperatures
and statistical models to examine the dynamics of the sea of Galilee,
which is rarely now known as Lake Kineret.
The study found that a period of cooler temperatures
near between 1,526-100 years ago
could have included the decades in which Jesus lived.
A drop in temperature below freezing could have caused ice,
sticking off to support a human to form on the surface
of the freshwater lake near the western shore,
and offset it might have been nearly impossible.
Maybe he was out there ice fishing,
maybe he was practicing for a hockey game,
maybe he was looking for a nice hole.
Maybe he was hacking a china.
It might have been nearly impossible for distant observers
to see peace of floating ice surrounded by water,
and don't be telling people that Jesus wanted a peace of ice.
At ice.
Nuff said he offered his study published in the April edition
of the Journal of Paleo-Manalogy.
Wow, that's a possible explanation for Jesus walk on water.
If you ask me if I believe someone walked on water,
no, I don't. He said, maybe somebody walked on the ice,
I don't know.
I believe that something natural was there that explains it.
Maybe somebody just made it up. How's that?
Yeah, that's one of the better explanations.
Just like Daniel and Lyons, then, and Tony and the way
are all these other fairy tales that even the brothers
and the key to the story.
The grandmother used to grin when they heard these stories,
and it gives me much sugar in to think that the people
believe this crap.
People over the IQ larger than their thumbnail knot.
We leave to others the question of whether or not
our research explains the biblical account he said.
When he offered his study 14 years ago,
they went and seek conditions to explain the parting of the Red Sea,
now that he received hate mail from those good Christians,
of course, and maybe some good Jews.
Even though we noted the idea,
it could support the biblical for the script of the event.
And as the theory of Jesus walking ice begins to circulate,
he's had more hate mail in his email inbox for more of those good Christians.
They asked me if I'm going to try next to explain the resurrection he said.
Kind of a thorny issue, wouldn't you say?
So there you go.
Let's take a Fourier call here today, man.
What's on the agenda?
To a clock it's guilty again.
Good God.
Guilty again at the Yentah Center with Eric Reed at 330.
Oh my God.
I think we're going down the...
You!
Yes, me.
You can smell a can't you?
This new regime, man, they haven't got a clue.
They not only don't know who's on first place,
they don't even know who's in the dugout.
They are clueless and shoeless, man.
Send them over to brand these.
They are just desperate, these guys.
Mad Dog at Augusta,
Alfreda Masters, no, I said,
four, four to six 30.
Maybe he'll be wearing the...
Maybe instead of the greeners,
he'll just hang out of the green jacket, you think?
You care about the Masters?
I guess that's what it is.
It's another source.
I'm assuming it's for that to golf craft.
I mean, they're Masters.
Six 30 is Panthers TV on QA.
I'm seven o'clock to Panthers and Trashers start on QA.
But then,
but then,
Panthers cover switches to AM 1360 at 735.
What a way to run a railroad.
We start to game out on QA.
I mean, give you a tease,
like part of the first period.
And then, all of a sudden,
when Guilty goes like that,
then, switch to 1360,
because then it means it's Marlon's time.
And those Red Hot Marlon's
fresh off their level to two win in Houston last night,
play the third and the final game,
the rubber game, I guess.
Can we say rubber?
I'm sorry.
The third and...
...the third game against the Stroves at 805,
with a pre-game at 735.
And then, Lenny Martez after the game.
Like I said, man,
we are going down the old...
Q!
Lenny Martez on tonight.
Don't let the word out.
Don't spread the word.
NEO Rogers.
Jerry.
And you got a nice guy on that board.
Get that phone.
Cover it up.
This is the NEO Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hello, suck artists.
My name is Colanda and I got off that plane
at Rochatin in France to finish your money away.
I bought designer clothes, expensive bubbles and jewels.
And you in advance, so do team.
That's just you.
I tried very hard to smuggle.
And they would just let me buy.
But I did not get a straw ball.
Because I did not know who it was.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
I was just a little bit more.
The only quiz
the scholars
may be wondering about the
question maybe one of those
question may be one of those questions.
We're in a very surly mood here at this radio station not paying the hired hands on time the management is just totally in a state of chaos and disarray
Sales guys still running around talking with a heavy draw like he just came out of a
Like he just came out of the swamps. You remember that movie Cape Fear?
Yeah, I have a feeling that's where he was hanging out
I thought that was a new England then they will fear you and a nice trailer though by the way Chris
56705 60 pound five 60 in the Verizon senior right now. He's printing that story. I'm not that I already read it
See what I mean by that. Oh, yeah, Florida governor Bush. We don't care about fat ass governor Bush or his smuggling wife or the rest of his dysfunctional family to hell with them
WCYM hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey, Neil. I got a Christian report
They see and then it's got to be like the Catholic news network or something the last few times
I don't know if you've been watching lately but I tuned in they got like the power of player
They got all this stuff on the lives of the shames and it helped him for you in your life
I thought it was like a news network. It's discussed. Well, it's the Christian news network see it
You got to write the first time see and then Christian news network
Yeah, yeah, it's not a problem Christian pig reports man. Must you be on the news watch Keith Obramon on MSNBC and then turn it off real fast
people are watching income
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular rubber song
We got Jodie from the antecedent to a clock big game or not
I mean it's a big game if they win it and then they got no shot. They got no shot
WCYM hello
Deguay in Canada
WCYM hello
It's chronic Wednesday
WCYM hello
Neil yes, sir. Hi. How about equal time. How about he was the son of Satan?
For G boring boring in fact, there's our first one of the day
Very boring
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 and the pool is closed by the way
We don't need any additions to the pool if that's your idea what you want to call today put the phone back down
Either they're stick it there where you won't get in trouble with it
Because we don't need any additions to the Jesus pool. I think we got all the bases covered. Don't you Jesus Christ all the past abilities
WCYM hello
QAM last day last day for phones on the any arrived or show day QAM hello
Probably because I'll cut them off tomorrow anyway. They won't pay at QAM. They I have a spy report
Yeah, I got to report for you too, okay
WCYM hello
Hey Neil yes, sir. I say 80 and my friend says 90. How big is Hank's waist
WCYM hello
Chief from the ball in the basket
WCYM hello
QAM come on you can do it
Hey, no, um, you did say one time I heard you say that believe you said that if you didn't get your paycheck you would walk yeah
Oh, that's the
You got you got your position now where you could put them in their place and then yeah
I paid is on Monday April 10th Monday
Oh, okay
Oh, I was hoping maybe you know, you know, this might have been your opportunity to put the bees leaf in their place
Yeah, I already put them in their place believe me fact last time that I have remember I played music all day that day
That wasn't the last time that it happened
But I mean one of the many times only this thing printed out again with fat ass governor
We don't need any more about fat ass governor bush on my fax machine, okay, and that's from me doing it
Well, if you see that that's my stupidity because if it doesn't print out right away
I keep hitting it and eventually it prints it out like five times
Just gotta wait be patient. Oh, here's the other story that I've printed
I'm sure you'll be very very interested in this Tom Cruise you fairy has told I was father bullied and beat him as a child
As the 43 year old star prepares to become a biological father himself
He spoke for the first time about his troubled childhood. He told parade magazine
He was a bully and a coward. He was the kind of person where if something goes wrong they kick
It was a great lesson in my life how he lulled you in make you feel safe and then bang but a bing
For me it was like there's something wrong with this guy don't trust him
His mother left her husband taking the children when the actor was 12 the only time he saw his father again was 10 years later
When he was dying of cancer
Say what goes around comes around pops
He would only meet me on the basis that I didn't ask him anything about the past because cruise about visiting his father in a hospital
He had it when I saw him in pain. I thought wow, what a lonely life. He was late in his 40s
It was sad. Oh in his late 40s pretty old soon after the reunion his father died
That's something
In fact the last thing that his father said to him to Tom was you fairy
Oh, there's water crime kite
From the Kennedy assassination to the civil rights movement to the space race
When you don't know let me ask you when you think of water crime
I told you maybe you think of Katy Kirk will be honest with me or immediately no no question about with with our heartbeat
I'm thinking water crime kite Dan rather
Uh humbly and brinkly and then Katy Kirk that's what I think I
I think Tom broke off Dan Wather
Peter Jennings Katie Kirk
Edward Armoural Katie Kirk every time she just keeps popping in my mind
56705 60 I'm in mood for a lot of good calls today man. I'm just in the mood for it
Aren't you oh yeah always I'm ready. I'm ready for for a great day today
Trust me see if they can make me laugh today. I doubt it. I don't think
Dominic here. Why am hello
Yes, sir. How are you doing? I got some good news for you. Yes. Well actually. I don't know if it's good news for you or for me
You know your dream feels positive and I'll get me late
Yeah, I was in the store this lady was looking at all these different bosses. I tell her about dreamfield
one thing leads to another we have a nice little pop there. Uh-huh
So anyway, we'll see how it goes, but thanks for the pops is delicious
And it's a good thing keep keep plugging it. Okay. Thanks. I'm just posted. Yeah. I don't want to be posted
I'm interested in who he's uh, you know
Oh
God it all time it's all the same and it always comes back to the same craft. That's all it's all about
Gettinly, Gettinly, Gettinly, Gettinly, that's what's all about Gettinly. Yeah, I should say getting screwed because we're thinking about how we are now
That's the other side of the court. Yeah, getting screwed. Sure. I am
It's just yeah, and you notice when I mentioned that to Hank. No, it caused the beast. I guess the yinth is out sick today
So I guess Robert wasn't aware of it
But um and of course the beast probably wouldn't care anyway because he's just for rich kid anyway daddy would have taken care of him
So Hank was even aware of the fact that he was getting a shine on his tech today
Pretty p-od about it sound like to me. One pretty p-od and rightfully so
When you've got a lot of you know when your book is demanding the cash and wants it now
Unless you want a couple of broken legs you don't want to let the screw in around
Right, it's a good thing you don't have it like a bad gambling. Have it all of that fast-gipal card you started with
I see how much did you make from that?
Maybe I'm much you get from that nothing at all. You lost how about you Josh you make any money off the importers? No
Lost
What do I try to tell you don't get sucked into that gambling crap? Oh just for fun
Don't get sucked into gambling man. If you want to
Yeah, right. That's what Tommy said a fool in his money are soon for them. They slots my ass slots the
Trotsky WQAM. Hello
QAM hello
QAM yes, yeah
Yeah, okay, that was it that was in the material QAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Are you still allowed to play Lucifer things to hit?
Far that I not let you play Lucifer things to hit
Yeah
Okay
Bad oh
It must have came from the other room
You
You know I have a message for Joe Bell
A month and four days ago. I celebrated 30 years on ear in this market, okay
I've been doing radio since I was 17 years old. It's 46 years almost
50 years almost half a century. I've been in this messed up business, okay
But you and the way that this operation is operating right now or not is the case maybe you make me want to just throw my hand
Remember I was talking to the day about waving the white flag out the window. Yeah
You make me want to throw my hands up in the air and just say okay. I give up
I give I surrender. I it's like a conspiracy
And it's like it's like we're swimming upstream man
It's like it like they chopped their legs off and then told us to go mountain climbing
I just don't get it. Well, what was that? I'm listening to the middle of the bit
I'm thinking what what is George doing? Are you playing another bit at the same time? No, it was like a commercial or something
I thought you turned the TV on to listen to something and the TV pot is closed the TV pot obviously there it is
See that there's that silly other
Ferry around CNN on the credit news network
Or I could turn on like the east coast hockey leagues
Yeah, there you go. Yeah
But no, we got somebody in their play and again
Touching around in there and you want to know why because we got a juvenile program directly
He's got a bunch of children running that joint. It's like kindergarten Q.A.M
You guys across the street man. I bet you they're rubbing each other's hind legs together. They're so excited
Stoop gods and all that crowd all those idiots
They're probably just and delirious and you know something rightfully so you guys don't have a party today
Because this place is finished
Sakukuovo Nemanin Puevinin
Teaconin were done were finished
I'm gonna tell you what I tell you about joebell this guy he talks man smooth as butter as somebody we know would say
To this butter
And the end result man is like something you left on a bad bad day. What do you know that IBS you're telling me about?
Yeah, well that should conjure up some agent images in your mouth behind a mine
1113 speaking of a mess dry concepts is the best carpet cleaning company in the world
They remind you that springtime is arrived
Cleaning your windows and doing a little dusting here there may give the appearance on the elect kind of surface clean
That your home is clean
High-ever until you deep clean all the dirt and germ cell deep down in those carpeting and your furniture draper even in that bedding
It just really isn't clean now is it dry concepts is offering springtime specials this year to help you with all
Your spring cleaning and it's all just a phone call away. Don't forget dry concepts specializes in a poultry cleaning leather cleaning
Grape re cleaning or yet a rug cleaning water damage restoration pet odor treatments
mattress cleaning to get rid of those dust mites and much much more
I've used them for over 21 years in my homes. They do a phenomenal job at a fair price every time
In fact, they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their job
So don't just have clean your home this spring
Don't do it slower fast or half-assed do it right call dry concepts today
And have your own clean from top to bottom always on time
Always professional always dry concepts and they brought in the Palm Beach's column tool free
1-800-248-5071 you really can clean today and entertain tonight when you call these folks
1-800-248-5071 around the web log on to dryconcepts.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516-Q-A-WonSum
Holy Mackinac, this is Joe Boron the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God
From Elvin Presley to Andre Aguise
She wants the crazy things under the cobblers
She even had one out the small bit of her brother
I bet she even gave it an insecticab
No one can get away from her out around the web
Wonder if all for when all
And there was a yellow shot
Boron and Aaron got to have better odds
If you play the song, hit the rising sun's the reputation is just between
If you didn't bother collecting the steam of queen
She must have been a real empty lady
She even made some driver war and baby
Her wild days are over since she rolled in
We're getting for Cheryl and Chris Christoffer's fans
If I were Jim I want results of her laugh
Because me a married to miss run around them
Hey
Hey
All right, don't you love the ones that they ends? That was it. I love that
Like pull it a rug out
Very abrupt, you know
Like the relationship with QM I think is gonna and real abrupt very soon
Just have that feeling oh Dwight couldn't get zero in jail
From a baseball star Dwight good and he just has some issues you know Josh
Uh big nose
He's got issues and say nothing about his nose
You're
Sentenced today the way you're in a day in prison providing probation by using cocaine. He's got like he said and always
Problem
The 40-year-old pitcher was serving three years probation for speeding away from a police officer during a drunken driving stop when he admitted last month
Through a probation officer that he used cocaine
He said it was just a chop from the first baseline
Yeah, it's part of his probation good to been ordered to stay away from booleys drugs and bars
And it's a mental a minimum of three random urine tests a week
He also spent two months in an inpatient treatment facility for booze and drug addiction
But a week for the week for the Bob wow there
No sympathy for him for Daryl strawberry for any of these guys any of these jocks made millions and millions and millions and millions and
I'm not again. There's another story here about some of somebody who's a broke
should night oh good
You see that
You know, he's a smoking he's smoking him big expensive stories the picture here
He's got one about the size of an elephant in his mouth and a Stogie too shown at the 2004 MTV video music awards
I didn't know he did music
He's a producer sort of I know I know exactly what he
Yeah, all right can't say it on the ear though
Rap model Mary and Shug Knight filed for bankruptcy yesterday to avoid losing control of his death row records label in
$107 million dollar civil court judgment as lawyers said
Nightcow caught a death row in the early 90s
How lots of careers of such rap stars a snoop dog and two packs of court
But he's failed to make good on a Marches judgment to pay
Lydia Harris who claimed nights either out of a 50% stake in the music label
Harris attorneys and accused night of playing games to avoid pending to their cland kind like the bees
Do to avoid paying the health on payday
Well, you're not really supposed to get paid. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah
Quill with a BS. Okay, pay the people pay the hired hands already and stop with a baloney
By the way, did the parents ever come back there and give you a song to dance?
Yeah, at the same time, in other words, he got that email at the same time that I did.
Yeah.
Come dance on this.
Two weeks ago, an LA County Superior Court Judge said he would appoint a court officer
called a receiver to take control of ship-nights assets, including death-throw records.
The judge Richard Sagan directed nights at the Scoses finances and a debtor's exam set
for April 1, which sounds like four days ago.
He said the night could petition the court to remove the receiver if he cooperated in
providing information about his assets, but the rap impasserio failed to show up for the
exam on Saturday.
He has no choice the way these new people affords his hand-nights new lawyer.
Lauren Strix set on Tuesday.
He expected a file for bankruptcy for death-throw later in the day yesterday.
Another court hearing it wouldn't matter also was set up during which the judge could
formalize the receivership.
What would the receiver's going to be?
Maybe it'll be Keishan.
Kennedy booked blast, bush, and preventative war.
You go, Ted.
And by the way, give her that John McCain.
In the forthcoming both Senator Ted Kennedy invokes the leadership of his brothers during
the Cuban Missile Crisis to launch a sharp new attack on President Bush declaring that
Bush had followed the example of President John Kennedy and his attorney general Robert
Kennedy, inforging a diplomatic resolution to the standoff with Saddam Hussein.
He writes that his brothers were right to resist advice urging them to launch a preemptive
strike on Fidel Castro when missiles aimed at the U.S. were discovered in Cuba in 1962.
They correctly argue that a first strike was inconsistent with American values.
It would be a Pearl Harbor and reverse he writes.
Kennedy writes that preemptive war may be justified to offend an imminent attack on
our country, but he puts the Iraq war in a different category.
They calls a preventative war which he condemns.
The premeditated nature of preventative attacks and preventive wars makes them anathema
to the well-established international principles against aggression he writes.
In his bookstates he will be released April 18 called America Back On Track.
It's about the race track in it.
Right.
America Back On Track.
It's called the Tabia Downs, Italy.
You go Ted and have another drink.
That's our man, Ted.
Sometimes it's a little off-base but never less.
Nobody's perfect, right?
Nobody's perfect.
Right.
That's what they say in the rectum.
Nobody's perfect.
985 votes on this Jesus fall.
Got some nerve doing that at Easter time too.
Next thing you're going to be taking a God pool at the Passover.
When's Paisal Haged?
It's like next week, right?
Right, like the 12th.
Oh boy.
Didn't even get my matzia, my low carb matzia.
This is from the smoking gun.
It says, meet Rachel Holt.
The 34-year-old Delaware teacher is facing rape charges.
There's an awful lot of these teachers man doing hanky spanky with their students.
She's facing rape charges for allegedly having sex with a 13-year-old student 28 times
during a one-week period last month.
That sounds like four times a day to me.
Remember that song by Kathy Willis, four times a day?
Right.
I thought it was more though.
Well, we don't have that one.
We all the science teacher who claimed that elementary school allegedly had sex with
a boy, a student or class that are willing to home.
According to a probable cause after David filed injustice to the Pee Squad yesterday,
the boy's father contacted cops and told him his child was having an impromptu
appropriate contact with Holt with this teacher.
In the interview at Newcastle County Police Headquarters, she admitted she had intercourse
with a boy 27 times and performed oral sex once during last week of March.
She also revealed another student, 12, had watched her having sex with a boy and that she
provided both boys with beer.
Holt is being held in the local lockup in lieu of $560,450 bail.
I like that.
You want to raise some a bail for the teacher, Ms. Holt?
They're all saying the same crap.
Boy, how come I didn't have a teacher like that?
They're all saying the same crap.
That was their saying?
That's right.
And let me see it again.
If it would have been a male teacher having sex with their daughter, they would have been
on the road to the house right now.
They'd have been there.
They're like, Lynch's ass.
Glad you understand the difference.
Yes.
And if it would have been a male teacher having sex with their son, they would have been,
you already be dead because that's disgusting.
Oh, here's some good news though.
See, there's always a little bit of good news, not too much, especially when you work
at QAM, where we have a long...
You, man, and it's filling up fast.
God, if you smell something there, it's probably the overflow.
Bush-bashing will not cost that Athens, Georgia woman, a hundred bucks after all.
Remember that with the bumper sticker?
Uh-huh.
March, you happy about that?
Well, that's right.
You're not happy.
Just because you got screwed over by the beastlies again, you ought to be used to it by now,
getting good spanking.
Still hurting.
And I'm sure that Joe is going to come in there any minute and say, hey, George, let's
have a meeting one of these days when it's real inconvenient for you.
So he told me, man, that's the last thing he told me.
He assured me.
He gave me his word that he was going to really take good care of you guys.
He's going to sit your ass down and give you a what for?
Not money, though.
Denise Greer, who was cited in the Calc County for her, I'm tired of all the bush.
Oh, look at this.
Now, what is this on?
I don't know what the paper this is.
The Calb Technical College's newspaper or website.
Wow.
Oh, no, that's the Atlanta Journal Constitution.
I'm tired of all the bush blank card, you can't.
They don't even spell it.
It was it was BUSH IT.
His head or case throw it out of the Calvacordas Court Chief Judge Roy J. Walker said Monday,
we couldn't prosecute it.
He said because George's Lou D. Cal always ruled unconstitutional in 1990.
He said, letter of dismissal was made at the Greer's home on Friday.
Our as cabinet says sergeant based in the Department's North precinct pulled rear over on the
Chamley Tucker Road about 930PM March 10th, that's named after Darcy Tucker, who's a real
div artist, according to police records obtained under George's open records act.
The issue to reticket for 100 bucks, cabinet was off work Monday, unavailable for comment.
To have an issue in the Department of 92, two years after the law changed, according to the Calc County Police spokesman,
Herschel Grangend.
Asked how an experienced sergeant could have made such a mistake Grangend to climb the comment.
Greer's story appeared in the Ural Constitution last week, quickly circulated on the Internet
and the wrong reaction brought over the country.
In the interview last week, Greer 47 said the case was about her right to free speech.
The officers pulled me over because he didn't agree with my politics, she said, and she happens to be...
Absolutely correct, man.
Of course that's George with respect, he had a good old boy.
Right.
And while we all see the aforkey of police officers, they're always usually in George, yeah?
Right, well you know where deliverers took place.
First of all, they just came down from Aintree.
This is Neil Rodriguez.
And that must have been easily...
This is 5'62a.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear Uncle.
He is very plain to see.
My first cousin is me.
They take a few of this out, we got a thousand and nine votes.
Yeah, yeah.
Aren't you excited about that?
Thrilled.
Oh, no you're not.
No, no.
Everybody's pissed off because they got shy today by the accounting department because the beesleys are incompetent other blaming it on the bank.
Like a rain cloud going off inside the bank.
Like a dark cloud over everybody's life because this is the beesleaf and way, man.
This is the way they treat the hard hands.
Although it was the bank's fault this time.
I'm sure they wouldn't lie when they say that.
No, no, they would never lie to you and not to cover their ass.
Any more than Joyce would lie or make up a bunch of crap all by herself.
See, and the problem is there's nobody you can have an intelligence discussion with because I've now discovered, especially after Monday,
that any discussion you're having in just a waste of time, I could have been eating my lunch 20 minutes earlier on Monday.
As opposed to getting stroked, you know.
I've already had two strokes, I don't need a third.
So what I heard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's take a billion calls between now and two o'clock or not as a case may be.
It's just a just an analogy.
What does this say read off the ear?
That one paragraph I heard.
It's from our good friend Laura.
Remember Laura, you played her old strights the other day.
Right.
Laura Schwartz, who used to work with us at W.I.D., she's a good kid.
A sweetheart.
All of the day at Eckerds when she saw me, she was looking the other direction, she was having a big argument with her mother-in-law or somebody.
I see.
Remember that? I turned it into a long time ago.
Yeah, the hook and blabber.
She didn't want to see me.
I don't want to see her either.
I like her though.
And her husband Scotchworth worked on our sales department for about five minutes and made it.
Ran out of their screaming and yelling, babbling like an idiot.
I'm serious.
You got to be kidding me.
Just like you were talking about our friend Tracy Kira-Cita before from I.O.D., who came to work in promotions.
If you think he got a post job, he also left there like, ah, blah blah blah blah blah.
These people are a bunch of liars.
I'm not going to lie for them.
Blah blah blah blah like that.
And then of course they wanted to make him the fall guy for that O.J. Galterman, which is another.
See, that's when I should have really sued their ass.
Greg and Scurrain and the Beasley, that whole deal.
Just degrading and humiliating and just, you know, to them it was a big joke.
That's why this whole thing with this charity deal this year.
That's why I turned into a joke.
Oh, man.
How much we got by the way, anybody know anybody here?
I don't know.
Well, what do they do with this, huh?
I could ask.
Well, I know.
I know.
I know Miguel was so overworked back there.
I understand.
No, no, no.
I just, you know, I'd have to make up the phone.
No, don't do that.
No, not today.
This is my order.
Both of you guys don't do anything extra.
That phone is awfully heavy.
In fact, I'm not even going to hold it.
I'm just going to grab and just lay it down.
I'm going to read it like, because it's too much energy to hold that sheet of paper you just touched me.
So that's why the email you, but it came back undeliverable.
Yeah, it's because I don't take anonymous emails.
I don't do that.
I'll get a hold of her.
Don't worry, Laura.
Laura says it's great to hear your voices again by the Internet.
After 14 plus years as a state home mom, I decided to go back to work.
I'm working for Fox TV here in Orlando.
Although some things have changed over the years, others remain the same.
Like salespeople.
Oh, yeah.
She says, I work with a guy, I swear, as Tom Denver reincarnated.
Same stature and cheap suits.
Oh, I'd love to.
Scott Chabin and his wife last week.
Well, there were in time to tour our station and meet with the creative services staff.
He looks the same, doing great, living in New Mexico and Wisconsin.
Hmm, good places for him.
Hope you and your all your families are doing well.
Yeah, my family's doing fine.
Next time I'm down in South, I'd love to pop in and see you take care.
I guess you figure out there, huh?
Well, just give her a kiss for me.
I'll see her.
Yeah.
I'll give her a kiss for me.
Yeah, I'll wave to her.
That's her.
The 20 yesterday is not going to play the same thing.
Millions have converted for fun and profit.
Now, you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripes' will convert any goy
for just $99.95.
That's right.
Listen to one of our successful graduates.
Here comes Laura Schwartz.
I shall learn my life, I shall learn.
At Earl Stripes' will.
That's it.
But I just play this there, I want to play this whole thing there.
A little ponderous if you overdo it, especially in your pace off in Easter time, man.
That would be sack religious, that would be a real sack.
Kind of like the beastlies, a real sack of crap.
Let me say it again, a real sack of crap.
That's it.
Too bad you don't like that, Joyce, huh?
Yamama.
Oh, former UN Chief for Weapons Inspector Hans Blixson this week that Iran is at least five years away
from developing Wuna Bomba, leaving plenty of time to peacefully negotiate this element.
There he goes, making trouble again that Hans Blix.
Sorry, think about that movie.
Hans Bricks.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Hans Bricks.
Team America, world police, you're all the same.
Right, right after you're watching the Tom Cruise in the Cluster, that's all I'm sorry.
You're fair.
Watch Team America, world police.
You love it.
Especially that Kim Jong-il, man.
He's really good.
That was hysterical.
And then that one scene where they start screaming out, Matt Damon's a faggot.
Everybody was, that scene was great.
David Thang.
They're the best.
Blix was attending an energy conference in a Western Norway city down to the US with resort to invading Iran.
But there is a chance that the US will use bombs or missiles against several sites in Iran.
It was quoted by Norwegian news agency as saying, then the reactions will be strong and will contribute to increased terrorism.
But that's right, Hezbollah.
You ain't seen nothing yet. Hezbollah.
You think the other guy's, I think Al Qaeda was bad.
They're Pikers.
Wait till Hezbollah gets all whipped up.
That's a Bobby Graham Warren disabile.
Nobody won't listen to him.
Right?
Nobody won't listen to little Bobby.
Thousand and twenty two votes.
I feel like playing music the rest of the day.
I feel like hearing music the other day.
Huh?
I feel like hearing music.
I'm not going to do it, but I'm so aggravated.
It doesn't really affect me, but it just has another dark cloud.
I'm already desperate situation.
You know?
And then Kharus comes in there to makefully program director Junior PD,
and like he's standing there talking crap with me.
I got into talking to you about with Kharus.
I got into the stadium.
You know, everybody in the building is turning their hair out because they didn't get their director deposits today.
And he's standing there doing small talks with me.
You know, it's like when not muff use to come in and take our temperature with that long.
You know, remember that?
It felt like every morning had to come in there and take our temperature to see like what mood I was in.
And you were in this way.
Oh, give me a break.
Grow up already.
We can please see people are insecure because they don't know they're asked for my elbow.
That's the way they behave.
People are insecure just like this color online.
You'll see Q.A.M. Hello.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
See what I mean?
Insicure.
5.670560, pound 5.6, and they've rise in singular wireless line.
It's a heavy call hour.
Isn't it?
That's what I heard.
I got it on my log.
Heavy call hour.
Call for help.
Call for Philip Morris.
Call for assistance.
WQA.M. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Uh-huh.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
And by the way.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Turn that baby down.
Here's the other one.
Sounds like you have a lot of controversy going on.
I bet.
Well, yeah, we have a controversial show about colors that we don't talk to anymore.
Right.
5.670560, you know how he was like fading off like him.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Fading into the, uh, another world, it's only.
That put a smile on your face.
WQA.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I mean, hello.
And he's still like going to get on.
You know, that guy.
It's, yeah.
I remember the one day he called and tried to like be serious and like talk like an intelligent human being.
You just can't do it, pal.
And you're still not going to get on.
The making difference.
What you do.
You can, uh, you know,
go out and go through your throat, your ass, your armpit.
You can make all of a sudden it ain't going to get on because you just bug me.
You're an idiot.
It just, it just bugs me that somebody who's supposed to be an adult is still overrun shy like you.
I can't stand it with clearance.
This is Neil Roger.
What you expect?
This is 5.6705605.
All right, you got it.
I'm dying over here.
Yeah.
Shilver the couches.
He's mayor of the grouches.
So I get a bow science of a gene.
He's very in Katie.
Through the shell lady.
You're fair.
Who I've been used to,
but by our kids.
Some crows has got a cream that came up early there.
Absolutely.
When he talks, no,
he would expect to see fall.
Time should go get a frontal levability.
Your cousin's life has turned into purple snow.
Been lost in a black hole.
Since he's bled with the cold.
What are you going to do about it?
You're fair.
He's getting crazier by the day.
He's in the empty cover.
Since he'll run over.
Should all of the white job brains tell the way?
Sometimes it's got to be the king of liberty, though.
When from sexy straight to the cycle war.
He makes spooky claims and calls bad loud or bad names.
And I know he's simply out of his door.
A fire of pain, a nightmare of pain.
Climically out of his door.
It's 145 and 560.
Nobody can help him.
Kelti will be along you too.
If he'd like to start at 1230, that would be okay with us.
In the wake of last week's immigration reform protest,
one school district is taking drastic measures banning all symbols of patriotism,
both US and Mexican.
Let's not start burning a bunch of flags.
Beginning Monday.
That's next Monday, I guess.
The ocean side unified school district is banning all flags and patriotic clothing.
According to school officials, some students are using the garments and flags to talk classmates.
Maybe to put that Mexican flag on there.
Like that.
Good place for it.
Some critics of the mover calling it a violation of free speech protections guaranteed by the Constitution.
The ACLU points to landmark Supreme Court case, Tinker versus Des Moines.
In that case, school officials attempted to stop students who were protesting the Vietnam war from wearing black armbands.
The school has to be able to show a strong likelihood that there's going to be material and substantial disruption of school.
And if they don't meet that standard, they can't censor students' speech at Kevinine and of the ACLU,
etc.
School officials in the ocean side now say that whether the US or Mexican or any other country's flags have now become a divider on campus,
saying some of the students are using them to talk others.
That'll be put about.
Just a bunch of silly crap again.
It would be like in Miami, seeing a bunch of people waving Cuban flags.
You know, there would really be...
Bunkering.
...breakitials.
It's like during the alien days, you know?
Or I see it all as you know, I've said it way you see a lot of flags as Brazilian flags hanging from the rearview mirror,
along with the plastic Jesus.
Right.
You see, knows?
All the time.
What's that all about, Brazilians?
Brazilians, what?
There's a Brazilian of them.
Men or women are undetermined.
Both?
God.
Neither.
145 votes on the pool.
What do you believe about Jesus?
Yeah, I'll take you one thing about Jesus.
He sure couldn't help the beastlies.
I'll tell you that.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Let me put this way.
This is what I would tell him.
If he tried to come in and solve the problem with a beastly...
I don't care who you are.
You failed.
Right.
What do you believe about Jesus?
He was one of many self-proclaimed prophets, 313.
Kind of like beastlies with their self-proclaimed prophets.
You know what's really ironic, a slap in the ass?
And you know this.
I don't want to worry about your nose in it, but I would...
They just get through borrowing $17 million in their line of credit to buy another AM station
that they're going to screw up in Las Vegas.
Uh-huh.
Which now they got four stations in Vegas.
They just spent $17 million to buy it out of it.
And they can't be payroll.
Right.
They can't pay people on payday.
That would be like that.
Power company spending $11 billion to buy another company somewhere else
while claiming that they don't have enough money to maintain the equipment properly down there.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But that would never happen.
He was a Messiah, 192.
He never stole a freight train 145 old Yoschki.
He was strictly for Goyum 98.
El Paso, with that whole Jesus crap.
He was just a regular guy in 80.
I should probably say he was just a regular Goy, but he wasn't.
He was Jewish.
Right.
I hate this pool 78.
There never has been any such person 77.
In other words, Jesus, my ass.
He was a homo 35.
And he was a snappy dresser.
We got a third man for that.
Maybe he was a snappy dresser in a homo.
Maybe he was a little cross dressed, cross over on it.
Most of them are, like the Pope.
I have Pope man.
What a snappy dresser he is.
I got a pile of, I got a good pile of stuff here, but I'm just, I feel so depressed from everything.
I feel so depressed from everything.
Like we're, huh?
Well, I didn't want to work with Miguel.
I've heard you ask him.
So he called me and I had to pick up the phone anyway.
Oh no.
21,775.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Don't look pressed prodo domain.
I don't know.
Might be.
Won't you press pro oh song but it's not press pro or doomed.
It's more like a CD of coupes bang.
It's not like that.
He pressed prodo.
Oh.
Oh God how about Edgar Prado?
Wonder if he's riding a golf team there.
Yeah, there you go.
That's what everybody in the building wants to say.
Oh.
Absolutely.
Yeah, let's play Motown for the rest of the week.
Okay, but me very, very sad what's going on there.
I'll tell you that right now.
I don't want to talk to them anymore.
I don't want to deal with them.
I don't want to talk to them.
Talk to Norma Kent.
Okay, talk to my agent.
She's got a lot of time.
I don't want to listen to your BS.
You know what reminds me of that scene?
Remember where you saw the talent of Mr. Ripley?
Even though it was a little bit.
Yeah, pretty good movie.
Now, remember the scene where they hired a private investigator?
The father.
Hires the private investigator.
Right.
And he says the mad day and he wants to talk to him out there and go on the balcony.
That day then.
And he says and the investigator says in fact the private investigator was the same actor
that played in Magnody.
He played the talk to the game show guy.
Right.
Right.
Good actor.
Oh, speaking of bad actor.
Not advocating a lifestyle.
They're selling well, a broke back, broke ass mounting at Walmart and the glamour really
upset about it.
Too bad.
They said, hey, we can make some money on it.
We don't care.
But anyway, so he comes out on the balcony there with the mad Damon.
He says, I don't have room.
I don't have time.
I don't have exactly the way he says it for Boltzmann.
Remember that?
I don't want to like to hear it.
I don't want to talk it like that.
And that Damon thinks, oh, oh.
Now the hammer is really going to come down.
You know, the hammer.
Remember that team?
I do.
Okay.
Well, that's what I'm thinking.
That's why I don't want to talk to these people because I'm trying to get in the BS.
You know, they're just full of it.
They haven't got a clue, man.
They're like a bunch of little children lost in the desert somewhere without a compass
or a road map or a cell phone.
Daniel Levy and the International Hero Tribune.
This is a good column.
I'm going to do it anyway.
I feel like the energy has been drained from my body.
And did we find out who was in there,
poaching around in the control room before?
No.
And why not?
Well, I guess because we didn't bother to run in there.
I've seen a lot of other things.
I would have done.
And I'd run in there and see who was like playing fast and loose while we're on here,
playing crap in a control room on the air.
In the room where my children sleep.
Remember that line with Michael and Fred?
My wife sleeps with my children, play with their toys.
Right.
Whatever that was.
What a lie.
I think it was a hit, Michael.
What do you think it was going to be, you, Oaf?
They're exactly.
A Valentine?
I'm looking for that.
I don't have to play with you today.
I know where you fell.
You broke my heart.
What?
You broke my heart.
Oh, there you go.
Alfredo, he's seen Fredo and seen up Hail Mary's.
That was a problem.
He just said, see more Hail Mary's?
The guy would have missed.
And I'm being all a bad shot.
He'd have missed.
Or would have been blanks like in Crash.
I'm sorry.
Oh, damn, don't say that.
I don't want to spoil Crash Rame.
Right.
Right movie.
Got lots of surprises in it.
Daniel Levy writes, and you might want to know who that is, probably some Jew guy.
He's a, he served as a policy advisor.
And by the way, Ariel Sheroans and he's up to us.
We finally got an update.
He's in bad shape.
Daniel Levy served as a policy advisor in the Israeli Prime Minister or office in the government
of Adub Barak.
He was the lead Israeli director of the Geneva Initiative.
This article first appeared in Haaretz.
I'm sure you read that every day in Hebrew.
A recent study in Tendoldi, Israel-Arabic U.S. Foreign Policy should serve as a wake-up call on both sides of the ocean.
It's authored by two respected academics, John Meersheimer of the University of Chicago,
and Stephen Walder-Harvard University's JFK school government.
The tone of the report is harsh.
It's jarring even for a self-critical Israeli.
It lacks finesse and nuance when looks at the alphabet soup of the world of American Jewish organizations
and how the lobby interacts with both the Israeli establishment and the wider right-wing echo chamber.
The study sometimes takes the purported omnipotence of APAC, American Israel Public Affairs Committee,
too much a face value, disregarding key moments when the U.S. and Israel were at odds.
The study also largely ignores APAC's run-ins with more dubious Israeli administrations,
most notably when it undermined Yishak Rabin, and how its excessive hawkishness is often out of step
with mainstream American Jewish opinion.
Yet the case built by Meersheimer and Walder's a potent one.
Identification of Americans with Israeli interests can be principally explained by the impact of the pro-Israeli and Washington
in limiting the parameters of public debate, rather than by the fact that Israel is a vital strategic asset
or has a uniquely compelling moral case for support beyond as the office point out to write to exist,
which in any case isn't in jeopardy anyhow.
The study edits is at its most devastating when describes how the lobby stifles the Bay-Phi intimidation,
and at its most current when it details how America's interests, ultimately, Israel's two,
are ill-served by the lobby's agenda.
The bottom line might read as follows, defending the Israeli occupation of Arab territory
as done by the American pro-Israel community, what living is an occupier has done to Israel,
modeled both its moral compass and its rational self-interest compass.
And it goes on, it's on our website, so pro-Israel led it hurts by Daniel Lee.
I want to read the whole thing because we don't got time, and I'm going to start reading real fast
and fumping like Lou Dobbs. Well, he was fumping bad last night.
I missed it.
Watch your hero, Lou Dobbs, but a day later, boom, a fumpier.
I don't always say that. You're the one that told me to start watching it in the first place.
I understand that, but he'd bumbles and stumbles, man. He can't read. He can't read off the teleprop,
he can't read five words about that, but then we're like that.
I've never heard of him, it's not for you.
Yeah, I see. So I told you he was like a great guy. He was the Messiah.
That's what the other people want to happen to.
He's a crisis, he's going to say, boy, he's going to dance. He's setting the world on.
You know, he ain't even a snappy dresser.
This.
That's where the new Rodgers.
I challenge you.
He's 5.62 am.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
What kind of a break was that?
Sort.
What was that?
I believe that we had enough future.
If I keep traveling on this way, if I say I'm sober, it was just a lie.
I am so freaking high, but it is easier than going to a meeting.
See how my name is with me.
I've got it long ago.
Smokes upon and dear of middle girl.
Peruvian LSD.
Angel dust and sun, say, oh, it's just crystal meth and ecstasy.
Lying if I say that I'm sure free, ever shall you ever see.
They found some path on me.
You found a place to go through all inside of me.
Absolutely.
He is doing it.
It's not even noon yet.
I cut short that story that's very important.
In fact, I might have saved the world from itself.
Because I thought we had a real break in there.
I was surprised.
Read it over.
Oh, no.
Brother, this is just, I mean, you know, it's one thing to go out in the stale.
There's nothing to go down like some kind of a clown.
That's what we're doing.
Doing a clown routine.
1,070 votes on our pool.
What do you believe about Jesus?
He was one of any self-proclaimed prophets, 317.
He was the Messiah, 196.
18.3%.
Our so brainwashed, I can't see Jeff DeForest for the trees.
He never saw a freight train, 146.
He was strictly for going in 100.
He was just a regular guy, boy, 85.
I hate this boy, 82.
There was never any such first in 80.
Well, how the hell do you know?
He was a homo, 36.
And he was a snappy dresser, still God.
Dr. D'Man.
Okay, let's take a bunch of calls.
Okay, maybe some of these people have got some answers for our dilemma.
But let's just shut the damn station off.
I mean, what would be the reason why somebody would be like playing spots in there
in a control room while we're on a year?
What would be the reason for that?
An accident?
I don't know.
They do stuff in there all the time all day.
While we're on a year?
Yeah.
Just normally they switch it so that, you know,
they reroute it.
So to speak.
Like on a vision.
Right.
Or something as in not in the air mode.
Some on moron was in there.
Some imbecile.
Some jackass.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Okay.
Yeah, I was hoping you could add to the poll that he wasn't white.
Oh, this is the Haitian guy again.
I'm not Haitian.
Yeah, this is the Haitian guy.
All right.
Well, either way, can you add that?
No.
No, we can't.
5670560, he wasn't white.
Like you know, he was whitehead, a whiteershade, a pale.
How do you know what he was?
This guy probably saw that then a shroud of torrent, man.
I'm sorry, the shroud of torino.
Is that what we call the shroud of torino?
Only when they documented on NBC was a shroud of torino.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm a mental institution.
I love that, man.
I really, I always got a war on them.
I think he's a great shot.
What the hell was that?
I had no idea.
What was that?
A technicalization of progress.
A technical curiosity, and then all of a sudden it disappeared.
That was maybe the most interesting code we've had all month.
Of course, it's 1 to 5th.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Good morning, I'm good to know.
Good afternoon.
I'll let you know that.
And that dream for the popper is awesome.
Yeah, yeah, we know that.
Okay, thanks.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Can you give a message to...
Yeah, we can give a message to you.
How's that?
You get it?
567-0560, 0560, 0560 in a Verizon singular wireless line.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
You know, all you talk about is hate.
And you build your career off of...
Yeah, look at that.
How come when you don't believe in God, you expect to?
And you're making all of that money.
You got a new line for today, is that it?
Little boy.
You know what you got today?
Little boy, a different line.
They worked out it overnight and the lines too.
And that's what it came up with.
Oh, something.
That's the name of the prize.
They're working on it fibrously, okay?
And that's what I...
They can't even afford a new jar of gasoline.
567-0560, or is it...
Maybe they're using gasoline instead of gasoline.
Third lucky gas.
I don't like maybe something timey was up.
Like that, little one.
Little raspberry.
Just a raspberry, Joyce.
Just relax, okay?
Bitch.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm a jar.
Yeah, you're an elusive sound like it.
W.A.C.Y.M.
I was kidnapped by Christians.
They told me to...
Oh, I could believe that.
The third way.
W.A.C.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to see a world that's around Miami to keep the Cubans up from the Cubans back.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Actually, I have a serious question if you don't mind.
I'm sure, yeah.
And what is the time to lay a resident...
I mean, I'd like to...
What?
And what is the time to lay a resident nation?
Yes.
And you think that Democrats will actually take back the house, anything to fire you'll screw it up again?
Well, what was I have to do with other time to lay resigned or not?
Well, what is that had to do with whether they're going to take back the house or not?
Well, if a giant scandal, when they get the Democrats, they'll have to wait a little longer.
No.
Well, how about to do cutting-am scandal?
How about the Abil fist scandal?
How about the Jack Abramoth scandal?
How about all of these things, huh?
And you know something they could still blow up, believe me.
They're like the beesleaves of politics.
They could have no other party, and they could still lose you, like, and that's how incumbent the Democrats are.
Like, do I think?
What do I know?
What do I know?
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I don't have the...
I...
I...
I...
I won't say I can't believe it, but it's just stupifying to me to think that here it is it's afternoon already.
All morning long people have been walking around there like semi suicidal or at least maybe even beyond that.
And it was like not even like a...
Remember the last time there was a memo wealth, anybody, you know, if any bank charges are incurred, the company will...
And that's because we got this new guy in there who walks around, packed people on the back, talking a lot of crap, huh?
I'm talking about your general mangle, that's what I'm talking about.
No, if any bank charges are incurred, blah, blah, blah, what?
That they'll cover it.
Who said that?
The last time they had a member that was this guy, maybe there wasn't a memo put out, but they were saying it.
No.
Yeah, they did.
No.
They didn't say that?
They said go take a flying F.
Really?
Did they really?
Yeah, you must have dreamed that.
No.
I thought, man, maybe I thought that that's what a responsible company would have said.
Well, maybe you thought that, but that's not what happened.
No.
I thought maybe Greg said that.
I thought he'd cover it personal.
With a blanket.
Of course, he's busy, you know.
He's a very busy guy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if you send other words, you're on your own.
Don't expect to get paid on payday.
Payday.
You know, manager, finance is a lot better and take, you know, take good care of my baby like Bobby B. would say.
Quit the crap.
Don't expect us to pay you out with money.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Male.
Yeah.
I want your positive.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
What the hell?
I'm just going to say you can do it, but obviously you can't.
Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I know.
I know.
What's up, man?
This is Frank from Florida.
We listen to you every day, man.
Okay, Frank.
All right.
I got a question for you.
Yeah.
I was in the Army.
And they used this uranium to pleat a uranium shell.
A lot of guys in my unit are coming up.
The kids are coming up messed up with no arms, no legs.
Right.
Why isn't anybody voting that?
Because nobody cares.
What America?
So what's that got to do with American Idol?
I know.
Listen, Georgia's lifestyle?
It's those 70s, man.
They can change.
He's not your type.
5670560, your hair style.
What's that?
What's interesting is he looking at?
1870s.
I'm high in tight, baby.
My hair style is in, baby.
I got infected with the shaved your last item.
I had to.
I shaved that baby real tight.
Man.
I'm running my fingersteer right now.
I'd like to take this one finger though and stick it
with a mundo in China.
I'm saying, Joe, which will call me anymore, Joe.
Don't call me.
Don't call me.
Don't deal with me.
I don't want to.
I don't want to know from nothing.
I'm sure he'll be in there any minute saying, hey, George,
let's talk a little later.
Well, it's, you know.
So absolutely totally full of it.
It's just unbelievable.
How could anybody possibly, possibly, outdo his predecessor?
You know what I'm saying?
As far as being full of it.
But he is worth it.
So that's where to go.
He is absolutely doing it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Don't call me Q-A-M.
I'm sure he'll be in there any minute.
The main floor, so let's talk.
W-Q-A-M.
Can't do it.
Q-A-M, hello.
Jesus told me he was black.
W-Q-A-M hello.
Jesus told me he was black.
What?
Jesus told me he was black.
W-Q-A-M hello.
I'm sure he'll be in there any minute.
All right.
Where is that echo?
It sounds like the cross of with Hank every morning.
That's another thing we can't get that straightened out.
What is that all about?
And don't tell me it's the feedback, the whatever.
Yes, it's whatever. That's exactly what it is.
Brother.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
That little kid that calls and keeps calling you about the religion.
He said, you have all this money.
Why don't you believe in God?
Don't you understand that the poorer you are, or the more poorer countries,
the poorer people, are the ones that's more faith-based, or more believing in Jesus,
thinking they're going to help them out, using it as a crutch?
I don't understand this.
These people will try to put everything on you.
Just do what you do, man. I'm God.
And I say you're doing okay, buddy.
WQAM, hello.
George, I hope you like my key bag.
Or it's the deadly guy.
I know he'd be calling before the day was out.
I like Lipton.
Oh, sorry.
Or the Lipton. When is the Lipton coming?
The Lipton.
70 QAM, hello.
Don't give me no Lipton.
QAM.
If I like white chocolate in my racist.
70 QAM, hello. Yes. QAM, hello.
Hey, Lichten.
I'm going to be real straight and blunt about it.
I got the first part. Go ahead.
Yeah.
I'm in the produce industry, wholesale, produce industry.
And I could understand.
It sounds like you know you're through.
You can understand why.
And my vegetables too.
But if it was not for the Guana Mowans in Mexico,
we would not have vegetables on our table.
Yeah.
So back in the 50s and 60s and 40s.
How many probably all loaded with pesticides?
So it's probably a few that are some of the cancer.
No, no, what he do is you cannot wash off red and strawberry.
They cannot take the pesticide.
Even that's not called FIT.
They sell and store it.
Well, not wash off the chemicals.
It's probably a good idea not to be no strawberry.
That's what Humphrey Bogor found out.
But the fact of the matter is, Neil, back in the 40s and 50s and 60s,
where my grandfather and my father were young,
the blackness itself, the travel of the Eastern Seaboard
and then you did have people in California depicted.
But if it wasn't for these people,
I mean we have to give them food stamps and medical and everything
and housing.
But is it worth having a fresh sound and broccoli and cauliflower?
I don't eat any of that, so I say no.
Do we need any of that?
I know you don't eat broccoli because you hate broccoli.
Yeah, I eat salad that rather pay twice as much as if I was eating it for a week.
I rather pay four times more because I eat that stuff so infrequently.
Wouldn't it affect my budget at all?
I still got to get a $2.3 dollar in the American was picking it.
Yeah, I'd pay whatever cost.
That's right. If somebody that needed the job bad wanted to do it
and paid a decent living wage,
see that's the whole thing.
Two things, getting paid living wage and then also number two.
It's really important to getting paid on payday.
See, those go gland in hand.
Those go like hand in a glove.
They fit together real tight.
Getting paid and getting paid on payday when you're supposed to get paid.
Now when somebody thinks maybe you ought to get paid
or when somebody just made it up that hey, it's not really paid yet.
We'll tell you when it's paid.
Not crap like that.
Like a bogus company like the Beasley's do.
And I say company.
I mean, it's ain't no company.
There's just a bunch of rednakes.
That's all.
Just a bunch of rednakes play in like radio business.
There's no radio business.
It's just monkey business.
I mean, in their case, it's more like donkey business.
I was speaking of that.
When you quit cracking and knuckles man,
New Delhi, speaking of a monkey business.
A textbook used at schools in the Indian state of Rajasthan
compares housewives to donkeys
and suggest the animals make better companions
than they complain less and are more loyal to their masters
the times of Indian reports today.
Go ahead.
A donkey is like a housewife.
In fact, the donkey is a shade better.
For while the housewife may sometimes complain and walk off to her parents home.
You'll never catch the donkey being disloyal to his master
the newspaper reporting, quoting a Hindi language primer meant for 14-year-olds.
What is your treat to women good in those companies, don't they?
Yeah.
That's not all I got.
That if a donkey gets out of line, you can beat that ass.
Is that it?
Hey.
Well, everybody likes a little ass.
From at his past note at QAN,
with lightning quick speeds, latest features and security,
Comcast High Speed Internet leads DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months,
with an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes,
Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL15,
and up to 100 times faster than dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video,
playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites,
Comcast Reliable Fast Connection means you'll be flying through the Internet.
Plus, when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet,
you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail,
Comcast Wrap City Radio Plus, and up to seven personally email accounts
just to name a few.
And you also get on top of all of that.
Macafee security tools included, so you can be assured your Internet experience
is always safe and secure.
So what are you waiting for is start doing more faster than ever before,
sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
You wonder how you ever managed to get along without it.
In day call 305 Comcast, and then Broward 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Bobbie, Bobbie, you will be your first home.
Yes, hit me well, it's a cool thing.
Thanks for taking me here, Dan.
I'm glad you're having fun, son.
Hey, look, what's that?
Why, it looks like a new roller coaster.
Hey, that one looks pretty cool.
It looks like a big saddle.
What you hop in line, it doesn't look too long.
Hey, buddy, welcome to the brand new roller coaster.
It's tight, isn't it? Very much so.
This is the greatest day ever.
Hey, well, just take a seat right here.
Hey, what's up, little boy?
Excuse me, sir. Why is there only one seat?
You have to sit on the gay guy's lap.
Where the hell's the seat, though?
Don't worry, I'll make sure that you're in tight.
I'll grab my arms real tight around your waist.
Broke back space mountain.
Coming soon, the Disney World.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
You've never lived to the snowman shop.
Remember, you stood that with all the Ford sounds.
I used to have so much fun doing that.
I don't understand some work.
Can't do that.
Can't say that and can't do it on the house.
But boy, you guys want to get paid on payday?
Well, screw you.
How do you like that?
I think everybody in the building
ought to just get up and walk right out.
See it?
Don't you?
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
Just get up and walk right there out of there.
Just leave them.
Get the job.
Yeah, exactly.
Just like that.
Leave them holding the old sack.
Man, if anybody deserves it, what a bunch of goyam, man.
Just unbelievable.
Nobody would believe it.
Talk about dancing in the street.
You guy in heat wave.
You guys across the street, man.
You ought to be doing a kazaski
on front of your building.
Just having a party.
Just drop a tombstone pizza in front of the QM building.
They can't afford the tombstone over there
because they got all their money in the dolphin organization.
But they get afforded tombstone pizza.
Just put the box out there in front.
Anything that's appropriate?
Sure.
God.
Maureen Dowd writes, oh, you're not
going to read a Maureen Doncom, aren't you?
It's a matter of fact.
Because I'm in the mood to do it.
The spirit of Christ compelled me to do it.
Two worn out diplomats, one full of out bed.
Maureen says, I'm just back from London, where the Brits were fascinated
with a Kandi rice and jack straw, two for the road odyssey.
The exchange of visits to their hometowns, Birmingham and Blackburn.
And the rebuff of Kandi by Paul McCartney and a Blackburn mosque.
British journalists loved hearing about how Kandi exercises alongside
diplomatic reporters in hotel gyms, not at all self-conscious about working out
in form fitting shorts and t-shirts.
The British are used to iron ladies, perhaps not pumping iron, but trying to iron out world affairs.
In his quaint new book, Manliness.
The Harvard professor Harvey Mansfield writes, only one woman with that exalted trait,
Margaret Thacher, who told the first president, but she had to go wobbly on Sodom.
Teaching other women to be assertive Mr. Mansfield frets might be like teaching a cat to bark.
Well, if I can interrupt this for just a second, were you watching CNN before
but they had to commercial for the litter quitter?
No, I might have seen it before.
On CNN about a half or 20 minutes ago, they showed a cat squatting on the trash.
I thought for sure that we're going to show them dropping a load.
Yeah.
And the litter quitter, you know, since you fit it on your toilet seat,
and it's got like the litter from the litter box inside of it,
and you train your cat to dump in your toilet.
Oh, Jesus.
You talk about desperate.
The Christian news network, they must really be desperate.
They got spots for a litter quitter.
And it wasn't a spot.
It was like a news segment about cats dumping in your toilet.
Anyway, Marine writes, you had to see it to believe it.
I'll throw it.
The struggles of the relentless American diplomat and the charming British diplomats
and not kids in Iraq and get the government to govern were the worst spinning
into the sulfurious sectarian fighting,
which was less mesmerizing than many reporters in the Paris gender vendors.
At one point, Mr. Strauss said American England had the right to
prod Iraqi politicians.
We've got to be able to deal with Mr. A, Mr. B or Mr. C.
We can't deal with Mr. Nobody.
A smiling Ms. Rice still promoting the illusion that Iraqi women are better off
corrected.
Jack, I'm sure we all be all right with Ms. A or Ms. B or Ms. C, too, right?
We would have to be generic missions.
There are no powerful women leaders there.
The Foreign Secretary held his face and pleaded,
I was not being gender specific.
Don't be port me, please.
The British reporters were gobsmacked when Condi gave her full-out bed on her Boeing 757
to Mr. Strauss' offer the night flight to Kuwait and slept in the Isle as flight attendant
stepped over her.
It may have been a sign that US foreign policy is finally becoming humble as W.
Promise in his first campaign.
Now that Condi has admitted thousands of mistakes in Iraq, thousands.
But it also shows the Secretary understands the importance of manly virtues.
She was tough enough to sleep on the floor and still will rest enough to make sure Mr.
Strauss didn't have to.
The times of London made smartly jokes about how far the special relationship is developed
and asked to bag that embassy spokesman of Jack sleeping in Condi's bed was second
base for the couple.
The comedian Bill Mar recently noted that while other countries like the wider way of
female leaders, our women politicians are still expected to wedge themselves into a
straight jacket and act like men.
It's been two decades since I covered Yearldine for our historic run for the White House,
one politician will come as for our O.D. wrist corsage, another in Mrs.
to be asked the young lady if she would bake blueberry muffins.
Johnny Carson joke that Joan Mondale wouldn't like her husband working late with his female
vice president.
So now there are racier rice straw jokes.
How far we come?
The Los Angeles Times ran a piece yesterday about how it would stowse about Hillary, including
Sharon Stone's basic instinct that it's too soon for the Euro Senator since the woman
should be passive sexuality when she runs and she thinks Hillary still has threatening
sexual power.
Don't most bull dicks have that?
It seemed unlikely that we kicked a habit of wanting daddy in the Oval Office until we
kicked a habit of wanting daddy in the anchor chair.
Now that the night we knew his largely had anachronism and the suits are trying to make
it more curvy and personality driven to when younger viewers, we can finally break that
barrier.
Even though Walter Cronkite printed to a group last fall that women on TV talking too
high a register.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like that, like so many of that.
Like what's your name?
Read Across Me.
As Rebecca Dana Riley wanted in the New York Observer, what is gravitas and why does
it kick in at nightfall?
He quoted one network executive explaining that even women like to get their news from
other women in the morning and from men husband figures at night.
So now we'll see if Katie Kurek can be trustably hurkily in task of appearing on camera for
five or ten minutes a night reading a teleprompter.
Still she'll have to prove that being more than just a headliner she knows what's behind
the headlines.
As Bob Schifler has done raising CBS ratings or as Christian on on poor my dues an anchor,
Katie needs to show she understands the eroding events beyond the teleprompter.
Let's just hope Les Moonbes doesn't welcome her with a wrist corsage.
Especially a limp wrist corsage, that would be bad.
Come on.
Tell us a wrist corsage, I don't even know what that is.
Can you go to the prom?
No.
I don't even know if you don't go to the prom.
No.
One goes to the prom.
The nail gives a corsage to the female.
Yeah, but what is a wrist corsage?
You wear it on your wrist.
The female wears it on her wrist.
It's like a bouquet of flowers.
You wear it on your wrist?
Tariq.
Especially if it's limp.
How about the wrist?
Helps stabilize it.
Oh.
1119 votes man.
We are kicking some serious ass on that Jesus poll.
What would Jesus think?
What would Jesus think of the beastlies?
You wonder, I wonder if they're good to church go in folks over there on Naples you think?
I don't know.
There's Asia.
God a lot of sins to a tone for all.
You're in damn T of that right now.
I'd like to put that hole that gots in the shbhaka on that canoe up up the Chauhoewasi
River with burnt rentals and Ned Bady and John Hoyt.
And who is the other one?
Ronnie Cox.
Okay.
Well, what a memory.
That corn sure is special in it.
You know who's very good at never gets you know people don't talk about him that much because
he never plays the leading man kind of role.
Ned Bady, right?
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Can you ever think of a bad role that he plays?
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the ship.
And that's like that.
Did we play before?
Very similar.
Not a man so the board goes back.
Yeah, Howard Villa was Ned Bady putting the words in his mouth.
Oh, you do remember that because you would fall asleep during that movie.
I'm like John.
I've seen it like for just a little bit too slow to get it to catch on what it's all about.
Right.
Josh by the way said that the Dave and boy didn't have the second worst hair piece in
the world.
He said the worst.
Which I thought was really over the top.
That's worse than call me a damn old bag turd whatever he said on Monday.
Now what do you think you paid today talking like trash like that?
Yeah, that was it.
And I must have been a goddess punishing you.
You know what I'm saying?
Deal.
God.
And teach you.
Be call me an old turd burger.
I ain't no cat.
I'll tell you that.
I'm not dumping it in my little quitter.
I'll tell you that.
What is it?
Litter quitter.
I even wrote it down.
Make sure I got it right.
A litter quitter.
So you got it.
That's what I'm going to ask for by name next time.
Good to meet you.
The kitty litter store.
Oh man.
I don't care what anybody says when you walk into a house of people at own cats.
I don't care what anybody says.
And they got the litter box.
It smells like that.
You know what I'm saying?
Like that.
Right.
Like this.
Not that, but this.
Of course, after we arrange letters in this, this is me.
This is 5.16 Q.K.
God.
Arova.
Arova.
On the gym, it's you.
Arova.
Arova.
Arova.
Arova.
Every day, I'm the new.
Arova.
Arova.
Arova.
Or headlines.
Arova.
Arova.
Arova.
Use us.
To stop the fusion.
Time you should hold back.
 ated identification now info that you must not know.
And so the eye MPT has come down.
You have a belly.
But pretend that he put you off right before your eyes.
I wonder how you react.
When you discover you meet real-life heat
That's something else for our children
And trees and war without a reason
Golden and neighborhoods, golden and neck-wrap hunting
Trainers and friends, no buyers
Who do you think that they don't want you to know?
One day you'll wake up and see your freedom as gold
For the old hell is reality show
Let's get back to you. A rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat, a rhubat
A rhubat, no more Terry and her name...
Yeah!
From 30 to 55, 52. What do we got coming up today?
Some really amazing stuff we got, Goldie at the Yentocentr
At 2 o'clock, and more Goldie, too much Goldie, man
We're gilded out or maxed out on that sound Eric regal be on talking through his teeth from a 3 30 or 4 with their gildy
What what what a sound those too much make to give you know
You were squeaked through your teeth like a chorus do I remember four to six thirty from the masters at Augusto
Tough two and a half hour assignment because we got the we got a lot of stuff
Panther preview starts up 2 a.m. 6 30 then the Panther and the Tranchor game starts from the end of center with seven
But then we switched that over to a KT 13 60 and 7 35 because we got to make way for it a
Marlins those right how Marlins are got a hell of a streak one in a row 11 to 2 last night they kicked some serious ass
They're gonna wish they would have stayed 7 and runs I think Josh
You're probably right it's a way it usually kind of evens out Marlins on decades 7 35 on Q.A.M. Of course and Marlins
If the Astero is the rubber game of that three games set they do five in minute made park and Lenny Martez after the game
It's not a joke. That's for Syria anybody believe me. No, it's true. It's what it says here Lenny Martez after the Marlins strobe game
Oh
Speaking of a rubah the reason I played that
Yeah on an island where it's a breeze to find yourself in a picture postcard setting
It's no wonder tourism makes up 85% of rubah's economy some 800,000 Americans visit each year
Never been there though a rubah. I have no interest in going either. It's not far from Caracas, I believe am I right?
Yes, can be is it North of Venezuela? Just North of Venezuela. I'll tell you the report. It's down south. No, seriously
Oh, come on
Google it don't be that lazy just because your PO that you know again with Justin Barry
I look enough already with him give me a million dollars and I tell him to go away already. He's very gay
Jesus, why do you keep saying that because it's great because you're right?
And by the way get a haircut. Will you please Justin?
Well, the sexual predators are using all this new technology to trap victims and traffic and pornography
What is that the thing the picture in the sound I don't know if it is on yours is out of sync
I'm seeing an international sheet the words are like
Not matching them out beauty. I think God's punishing you idiots
Just taking that story and let me say it again. He knew exactly what he was doing was making hundreds of thousand a dollars and
You know and of course that's unfortunate because people are gonna look at that story and say oh, yeah
Like and the real victims out there the kids are getting like this Homeland Security guy
Like a Miss Kamala met a 13-year-old boy who turned out to be a cop, you know
Hey, he didn't really believe that he was a young kid. You know
He's that way took the Vaseline and the
Mark gun and they have the score come he wanted to do a little score at score. That's what I heard and the stuffed barney
Don't but one of them about Alabama Alabama teen Adelaide Holloway vanish from the popular vacation destination
While our graduation trip to him wants to go and we cost me lots of know where she is
That hurts to do that. I just tears my
Throat out to do that read a cause video and as the latest route of searches for her continued Natalie not read them
And it appears that the studies stream of news about the disappearance maybe hitting a rapport
It hurts in a Paga book where all the people at QN got hurt this morning when it came in and found out surprise
You thought you got that direct deposit you spend that money surprise we screwed you we screwed you good we stuck it to you
There's this stigma when I was telling people were going to Ruba for spring vape people were kind of looking me like what
Turis Joe William told CBS news correspondent Bianca solar is on oh
Rob Smith who's with the Rubas Hospitality and Security Foundation concedes the peaceful island
He loves maybe feeling some tourism heartache saying it's obviously affected our worldwide integrity at least our perceived integrity
Smith says that after 10 years of study growth tourism in a room was suddenly flat
I
Think a lot of people believe a ruby is not safe and that's just not the case he insists they're thinking of Mexico
How's that Canadian couple doing by the way?
Gonna see them anymore? No, oh
Must have been those other Canadians done it. That's what they're trying to say and it's because the sending foxes are crook
And who do anything to try to keep them want to hurt that Mexican tourism don't go to Mexico
But don't go on a cruise ship and don't go to Mexico. Those are my two suggestions for you
And what was the third one don't work for QAM
When Soluzano approached the group of 14s asked if they felt safe on the ruby she got a resounding
Yeah, definitely definitely is replied definitely for sure for sure and you were right of course
What it's right by Venezuela. It's just north of Venezuela. I'm sure it's like a little turd there in the ocean
Just north of Venezuela. What I call a
Crossell that what it is
Chris you don't know Chris. Oh, no
I'm gonna give you a big stuff mister you better get with it
They're gonna kick you ass out of anathwaido when you go there. You don't want to go there. Oh, oh, oh, I'm right
It's Kurokal teams. So it's what?
Kurokal
It's Kurocal
It is not Kurocal. It's got like a little thing under what do you really call those things?
Not the essential, but it's got the thing under the a second C Kurocal. Okay, trust me when I tell you it's not Kurocal
Okay, the cow is in India and he's safe. He's in India where he'll be safe
As opposed to your backyard. We're probably be dinner
Probably to be chopping them up to put in a pasta
That's whatever it is
And how do we get to Kurocal? I was on a way to a rubah on a bit of a business with South
Paris and father Ed William told solar is on our hundred percent
We believe it's safe. We feel the rubins of that everything they can in terms of solving this mystery and
George says it with that Dutch punk that the federated the big
She's safe to the fashions. Okay, I said like look at Brassie. She sleeps with a fish is
And who del cares anyway, you know dark food
Well, well again, I mean you decided that was an important story and I could just ran with it and drummed it in the ground
I still don't care about it. She was a mighty white girl. Huh? She was a pretty glad white girl
That was like the runaway bride and she wasn't even pretty. What was the excuse with that? Well that need loads bitch
She had been for those days. Oh, yeah, obsessed with that
In fact, I haven't played that in a hell of a long time the runaway brother. That's my bad. I'm sorry
I apologize
Like you're crying
You've been kidnapped again
Where they done took you
Albuquerque
Where is the Mexico where the Mexico?
Okay
I don't believe you don't have to lie to me. I want to get married
Take a short hair
You say short hair you mean like rassie crash short
Well longer like Fabio
Seven left. Yes, can you give me a slurpee?
Slurpee what?
Slurpee
Like a blueberry wolf
All right, I'll get it myself
You really been kidnapped honey
Aliens travel blue van like a Chevy van no the Ford no
Does anything please
Is the probe is no focus no
No, my love
I'm not coming. I want to stand at the 7 11 you don't want a bar of the day. No, what? No, I don't
I don't care you come home. I'm not come home. I'm done with this. I'm this sheet. Bye-bye. I love you. Take it. I love you
Goodbye
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6.2.8
I just got now inside a kitchen Jessica I read that you might adopt a baby
You know if you do adopt among Goliens child you'll have to learn Chinese to understand it when it starts to talk
And since there's over 3000 letters in their alphabet you'll never be able to text message
And what
And the keyboard on the computer would be over 22 feet long
Wait, I'm confused. If you bought a Scrabble game port it would weigh over
242 pounds
This is hard and it could never get on wheel of fortune
Please stop. If you ever bought alphabet soup for it you'd have to buy like
228 gallons
My head hurts
Stay tuned to clear sport inside addition to come
Don't forget we got naked pictures George. He's just like a Simpson online doing it. You know you head your finger on it
We were talking before to show about this his story with the networks about just in this kid uh-huh
Justin Berry just in time. He's the new
Post-it child for the government wanting to start to this is gonna be excuse and it's why every five minutes out
There's another segment on children being
Abused on the internet. Right. Yeah, which is obviously a problem, but
Parents are more responsible. First of all, don't let your kids go into those chat rooms
Those only crazy people are in chat rooms not just sexually which is just in general. Yeah, my daughter goes on the chat rooms and poses as a 50-year-old man
Really? No, yeah, that's for you
Trying to get some 25-year-old chicks at any rate
But that was in the sand. But that's that's gonna be you'll see they're gonna use this as the way to try to warm their way into try every other way to
Sensor the internet and this is gonna be next
You'll see speak in a video a
Video posted on the internet today in the name of an extremist group claims to show a raki insurgents dragging the burning body of
US pilot on the ground after the crash of an Apache helicopter
Parts of the video were blurry and the face of the man being dragged wasn't shown his clothes were so tatted
It was impossible to tell if he was wearing an American military uniform
The US military condemned the posting sounds like what you call it all over again, isn't it?
What you call it
Richard which is that no, I'm talking about the where they would dress Samaria. Oh, yeah that thing. Yeah drag on the soldiers through the streets
The US military condemned the posting and said that although reports of a website video suggested to a race
Remove part of a body from the crash site the authenticity of the video can't be confirmed
Are they working on that right now? I'm sure we're outraged that anyone would create in public since a despicable video for public exposure
US military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan withington said the
Video posted by group calling itself the Sherwick Council of Mujahadin claimed that the military waiting to chart on the crap
Which US military said went down Saturday?
So they're schlepping them through the streets like like a trophy, you know
This is what your kids have been sent over there for okay to be used and abused and killed it and
Have their legs blown off and their heads and eyes and body parts arms and
And the public just hits back but I'd be better boop but I forget about it forget about it when's the sopranos on again?
Forget about it
You know that's the thing that really killed me about that whole sopranos thing
What is the things that people quote? It's like it's lines that are like like like bottoming, you know
Let me say it again. That's not a soprano thing about a Bing
We still unripped off from the godfather
We can't believe me this soprano is ain't no godfather. We explain that to you
They talk about the godfather all the time. I don't care what they talk about
That's what they named their strip club based on that line from the godfather the bottom
So ripped off from the godfather they know that they say that and you only reason that anybody ever walks that
Joe is because we're waiting for godfather for now that Maria from Mary god shot
Thank God for that
Although Michael he dropped the orange on the ground. I guess we have to assume he's more dough, right?
Michael for the only yes he is what about the dead people now
Putting Mary. Hey Mary. Dad
Sorry Mary. Oh, you had to come in
Let's take all bunch of calls down starting to lose my voice. I may have to be out sick for rest of the week get learned
Gytus. I am a good like I'm gonna lose my voice from getting like all worked up about all this crap going on there
How is this possible? Seriously?
Every time you think there's like a little you know, I have one of these phony baloney chats on the phone
And you think like maybe just a little sanity is creeping in or a little stability and then it's like just like that, you know
And the audience thinks it's stick. You know, I think we're making it up. We're not making it up. Okay. It's it's not stick
It's sick sick S.I.K.K. Sick
Call a doctor, please
WQ. A.M. Hello. You're God. Yes, sir
I got the way to give it to the Bible office. Yeah, when they come to the house
You just say I'm can I say a little prayer and they say sure we love that and then you say
Yeah, Jesus protect us from your followers. Hey, man. I see I got a better one
Yeah, that's better. We're works a lot better. I'm gonna have to worry about them coming back
Don't forget all your kids out there if anybody any guest keys to your house peddler religion just
A new floor to law that went into effect last October
It gives you full permission to blow away any getscuse. It's isn't right in there. They even spelled a right get ski
Dominic you I am hello
Meal. Yes, sir. Good. Oh good afternoon now. Wait. It's top of the day. Oh, it's a little later than you think man
Oh, it's just got to work after a long ago. Thanks God. Yeah
I just I had called in for the first time a few weeks ago and I probably made a national myself
Right in and man good call I get all these Republican bitches put together and I just get them all confused
And colder I said something about and colder that she chopped up her hair
If she didn't chop her hair, I was thinking about the other Republican bitch. Okay, good
Well call somebody else and tell them maybe they care
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I remember the call and was there this one was even more exciting than that one
You know it even out didn't himself. No, we'll ever know who more pocket about some people are cars. You're not and one of these days
Maybe we'll hear from some real ones. I doubt it though. Not on this station WQ. I am hello
Yes, sir. Hi, it's gonna thank you for the pasta. Okay
Working out great for me my sugar levels. I actually had two of them at once and
Sugar and drop of maybe it was just a bit dated all well. So just want to thank you for that. Excellent. Taya Rickard. I tell you
See there you go. There's a guy got the dream pills
Right now that guy the code yesterday. I mean it's just it's just
It will be amusing if it were so pathetic, you know
We're getting a schmarad a little bit to okay. Yeah, right
Like I like I do business underneath Rogers where I look there's really such a person like they would have any idea what I do for living or who I am
I do business online like anybody else, you know
With my real name and credit card and like a real person not in the O Rogers talk show host
It's looking to get smeared a little bit to promote your product use your real name Boishi public and mochi poopy
Sal hurts
Sal Fuss
Oh boy, I said can you imagine if he wouldn't have had larceny as hard?
Yeah, I think you know what I think you can marry Tyler more the six million dollar man and rota
I'm telling you that I know it. I think about it all it turned
Like I'm in the middle of it. Okay. Okay. Well norm is in court today
Yeah, he responded to my email this morning. I sent him something and he responds by well
I'm not a court. Now look at that this afternoon. Yeah, okay norm
Only thing he wants is a check. That's all he wants
I mean I'll give him Joe Dajoyola's number get a check get a check member Joe Dajoyola with his awful
A quick response get a check
Man there is a guy that ought to kiss the ground you talk about a little bit of course
What business did he get into the radio business he bought about 80 billion radio stations
He made Yogi virus seem like a MIT professor. That's how articulate Joe Dajoyola was not he made dizzy Dean seem like a
Eleister cook
schnook
Good at check and then I remember being on the today's show and he's in their bichon and moanen about the he had the Italian
defamation League on about the godfather
When it first came out about how it's anti-attalion when all those are stereotypes. Well, guess what they weren't just Italian
They were since Idiani, okay, Sicilians
So Dajoyola my ass see that that's what it all started man
This this tribute to the literacy in America with the jocks and that's that's where Kosella had his thumb right on her man the
Jackocracy
You literate oh and by the way last night they had the marlins. I don't care what Josh quarters is rich
Walsey just awful they just like a lot of Tommy Hutton who the whole game by himself color play by play the whole thing Tommy Hutton's great
Yes, yes, the rich wall. So he's an embarrassment. He's like a little kid. He has no presence man
He can't protect. He's got no voice. He's got he like he's our reader Cosby syndrome. Yeah, I mean, I don't think he has a very good voice
He's terrible and
Here they're in here. They're kicking ass, man
It's eight to nothing and I tune in just when the next guy after was already nothing next guy
Which who knows what the names are now he hits a double and it like
Honors a fly ball and the guy can't get it and he's not gonna get a double it
Oh my god, and you wonder and Barry Jackass is there kissing his ass?
I'm quoting making quoting comments from this guy like he's gonna make the games really
Synthelating and penetrating a very penetrate this
Idiot you jackass. How's Apple only Sam? It's very unique. I don't get be a baloney and peanut butter and jelly or together
Not separate, but like the same sandwich. I think mommy's trying to trace his ass out. Have you ever seen those spots where they show?
They sure try to get rid of your kids don't cook with cheese. You've seen those nope. They haven't seen those from the dairy council. Yeah
All these
Kids they're like in their 40s already and there's the old ancient mom and pop and to do anything to get rid of them, you know
Want to get rid of your kids?
Don't cook with cheese
I
Know where that came from just just so aggravated thing agitated who who now needs this, you know
We ought to be kicking ass. We ought to be doing just great and instead look what we got now
We got total confusion. That's what we ought to play the tentations. Volo confusion. That should be our thing song
For Joe Bell and his crowd. Volo confusion
You don't understand you got it. Volo confusion by the tentations. I got it somewhere
I guarantee over here in my mohtown pile. I got it. You know this computer's love. No
I got this
What's up
I really oh look what I'll say just found for baseball time next week
Yeah, we got baseball wins the answer is they now what what time is the pregame star in those days the games are 105
I believe 1230 1230
30
Wednesday and Thursday, Marlon's actually be good ratings boosters. He's a said bonus money
Thanks, so thanks for the fun for other I'm sorry
Oh, there you go
That's right. I think Joyce's guys. He's got balls of computer
For me
I don't care who you are
1177 votes. We're gonna go over 1200 day. We did 1400 during the show yesterday
It's cuz I put the pull on the night before a real early
What though was always about plus was about illegal aliens and they get all whipped up about that
I got such a headache from being here today. You have I mean just uh, uh, and I'm not the kind of person that gets headaches
Yeah, I'm not gonna I am not kind of and I should up with one thing that got worse. Oh my god
This I'm gonna tell you Joe Bell what you're doing to us. I wouldn't do tally on a rosanna danna
That's what you do to what you're killing. Huh? This paycheck business ain't this fault
No, I just just a whole operation man. Just this the ambiance. He's killing me. He is killing me
Hey Joe
I'm dying over here. Call me again. Ask me how I'm doing now don't I'm not second thought. Don't ever call me again. Just go away
Just go away. You give it a good shot and you blew it 1181 votes on the pull. What do you believe about Jesus?
He was one of many self-proclaimed profits 254 or 354 20 30 percent what percent
He was the Messiah 219 only 18 and a half percent of the crowd now as opposed to last time we took his years ago
33 percent
So either we've chased away all those the Jesus Christers which would please me no end or we've just got a much bigger audience or
Whatever or both
What do you think I don't know he never stole a freight train while we got some anymore choices on here now
never stole a freight train 158
He is strictly for going on 13. I would agree with that. He was just a regular guy
With a long beard nice sandals great outfit 89. I hate this pull 89
There was never any such person as Jesus 86 he was a homo 38 and he was a snappy dresser 35
And our most homo snappy dressers not necessarily most of them are slabs like me huh most that I've known now that's just a stereotype
It is just as one it's true most homos are our snappy dressers. That's right. You're crazy
You're crazy with those short shorts that are like up to their
Get out of here man. You're crazy. I guess you ain't never seen the queens that I've seen the bloggers eyebrows if you
How are you scrolling that uh-huh we got a snappy dresser for us
Can't park this
This is 516
But heads it's a one to two hours
You know
Every job this guy won
Like seven million made of border run
I hear a protest for the rights of a daily young they say this log is so
Our daily goals
Our span is speaking foreign people
Oh
They got the reason for the
And they even go to my
And
They just
A corner till you pick them up
It would change your life if they didn't take your
Oh
Play in the
With all that
Okay, so what's the story why did the Cuban tape the Mexican so much or is it the other way around?
I think it's uh, I don't know which came first
George
Between what and what the humans hate the Mexicans
I don't understand what you're talking about get out of here. What is wrong with you man? You're so full of crap
Who hates it, but it's just like it's just like the thing with the Jamaicans and
African-Americans and hate each other
Okay, each trying to say well the other one is a bad role model for them
You know what happened? This is like this if somebody calls you an Arab you're very quick to correct them
Does that mean that you hate Arabs even though you're both children of Abraham you see?
Okay
Want to be lumped in the gap God bless the Mexicans, but we ain't one you see that no word. I bless the Mexican. Oh you're here
It's a lesson hard. Oh, man. Hey somebody's got a customer coming. I don't think I'm gonna be my you're so
Fisal
I got a new theme song for Q.A.M
Elvis surrender
We surrender
Oh
You fairy
Well, you're right
So bad he made so much so much bad music. Yeah, hold on right down all of it
All of it he never had one good song I'm thinking
How about
Not just for me. No, thank you. You can have my portion
Pretty weak what about
Oh
Horrible uh, no, just did he do suspicious minds first or did he rip that off like did a lot of stuff
What's the whole thing like
Well, it's written by Mark James
And since nobody ever heard Mark James, I would assume that maybe he done it
Mark James gets the credit. I don't dislike the song. I've heard five versions
I think it sucks
I don't hate it I'd say like oh I like where my thing around your neck
But I'm too lazy to get up and get it because it's uh, we're on strike today
I'm not gonna get up and get the other disc at it's on where my finger over there. Where if I ring around your neck
You know what I'm doing? No, don't you wear my ring around your neck get out of here
Like what a lot of get a ring around my neck
I
What about hard-headed woman
I don't like it
What about speaking a really syrupy oh horrible song can't stand no I'm all shook up is okay and a camp novel
I'm all shook up is okay and a camp novelty kind of way
horrible week
You know like
You know like what's the man
Like like splish fly
That's a good song boy
Yeah, that's what I said
And that's what didn't he just say that's your story so that that's my favorite song of all time
He can't do it in the car. I actually got up and I
Reach for it. I grab
That song yeah, I do hate it. Get out of here. It's open
It's open with it. Oh
Now speaking of ripoffs you got to miss his a good song even though he doesn't do it
Oh
We'll talk to you
Both you didn't like the song at all this way too. Yeah, even by Carl Perkins. Yeah, man. You are a hard-ass
Man I said you want to be real careful next time I went through Taco Bell
They find out who you are a place ain't run by Mexican. They'll give you a little some extra in your in your moushy
It'll be extra moushy
Looked in the back and seen. Oh, what the hell let me ask you who is the greatest singer of the mall Fabian
Elvis or Pat Boone
Oh
That's a good poll to take some day and some really yeah, you know we've done that
What on singers like that singers like that no, we've never got it here. You're never taking a poll on bad singers. Oh
1200 votes on a poll if I'm lying you're dying. I'm pretty excited about that the Jesus crowd
18.5% say he was the Messiah he rose
They stuck him up there in the cross and they crucified him he died and then he rose again on the uh turd day
Was it the turd day the seventh day the second son oh Johnny Rivers is pretty good
How come he's in the rock and roll Hall of Fame is near not do we argue about that one time Johnny Rivers? Well, I still got that sheet
I got it somewhere too and about of my pile, but my head hurts so bad that they my eyes ache
You know what I mean the back some I know it woke up with a headache and it's just been
Thanks a lot Joe Bell and thanks a lot of counting over there and you you did this place is just
Seriously, what are our 10 a couple weeks ago? Well, I wrote it down here somewhere the slogan
the station that
Where I write that?
That makes life
Something remember remember that
No, it was a long time ago. It's in my pond. I wasn't that long ago the station and makes life
Brutal so would you say Jerry Rivers?
Johnny Rivers on the out of here, you know like Johnny Rivers, but he rivers. Yeah, not in the hall of fame
See there you go how's that possible and and I think that their first chart had had to be like at least 25 years ago
Well 25 years would be um 70 80
Oh, well, he sure was on it before 81
How could Johnny Rivers not be in a rock and roll Hall of Fame and Jean Pitney was not that I didn't like Jean Pitney
But who had more hits who was bigger? I got a four poor four did more for rock and roll. Okay, Johnny Rivers or a team Pitney and I like you in Pitney a lot
but nevertheless
Right right
Sorry
I'm a
Walk solid
Yeah, when I went and said okay goes out in Rivers. He's doing all right. He did. I don't think he's dead
Is he I don't know you want to make me look at a Google ad please now at the end of the show yesterday
I think I played just cost me six thousand and then of course I was all done
I'm like and you're saying like how much because what was going on there at the end again more technical and competent
I don't think they were ready for two o'clock. It was exactly two o'clock one thing about it
Let me and you know it as well as I do and then you could you could set the atomic clock by the time that the show ends every day
We get out of here on the clock. We wear it on our wrist right. I stick mine on my back goes to make sure at the Wonder Twin watches here
Instead of this crap about remember with the worst team
Well, we're gonna go three minutes over today because they had that still eating all interview with coach men rig soda remember those days
Yes, couldn't get out on time very nice
Who now ever heard of such a thing see this is not a real radio station
This is like Conway pretty would say it's only make believe
Sounds familiar who told you that eight years ago
Sports bar with a microphone. Well, haven't I always
Great with that I never disagreed with that. I mean any similarity between what's going on here and a real radio station is is purely coincidental
And believe me there ain't there ain't too much coincidence
There isn't an awful lot of it
Just like that conversation you heard this morning with our with I see I feel sorry for these guys
I mean when Chris Baker comes in from a cramming Chris uh whatever's in the Jones Baker Schwartz comes in there from North Carolina with a
Banjo on his knee from Charlotte or Rolly or and finds that we don't even have a person that writes copy our person that writes copy
And you're like laughing at him. You gotta be kidding me
At least we screaming about that right at least he comes from a place where they had one and he's heard of it
He believes he's actually come from a place where he worked for a real radio station
As opposed to our general mangler who's been with the beesleys too long and forgot what real radios all about
That's the past of after your conversation
This is not a joke that uh, you know if the company that he worked with before was a bee'sly company and he said no
Oh, of course not he worked for beesleys before we were for a real radio company
For a place where people got paid on payday
Johnny Rivers is still alive. All right. He's good good man Johnny Rivers
Now what's that the rain? What's this song rain?
I can't take a hug goes you
Come on you know I'm talking about I'm looking something in the rain
I got nothing here. Yeah, you're wrong. Well, I don't doubt you but it's just it's not here
That means it wasn't a big enough hit. Oh, I see well, let me say I had to pick up this 40 pound book probably just got a hernia
I'm suing the company for it
Uh riff our EOS feedway and Paul Rivera Rader's Lionel Richie
Oh
Sorry, let's see Memphis
Rebeline, he stole that from Chuck Berry, right
Not in a lot my love was good midnight special was excellent seven son
Where have all the flowers gone? He did that along with the course you played the Kingston fear last week
When we were excited under your spell again
That was the number four hit for a buck o'ins in 1959 and buck o'ins just died see the timing here how about that secret agent man
Muddy water
Need you love
Still live from the four times
Christ my tears still live from
Miracle
Summer oh summer rain you got some rain
Rock and morning blues way he'd also did this way she's doing it
And trained in music slow to answer these good John Rivers excellent and certainly my friends are a great impact in being goodness
Oh, bookie way you flew yeah, you got it
Yeah, I got it. I think that's what we all got
You got some Joyce wogie flu bitch
Watch watch solid
Okay
Okay, that's enough. Let's not get the over Johnny Rivers hero, okay, and then we'll have to start with the gene pity again
Freakville time gene pity is dead by the way in case you were sleeping in today bad news pretty good guy
Never still afraid train
12 minutes after one acumen actually could sing a little bit. I don't know. It's scary
Hey, here's a silly question
Have you tried the pizza and pasta John the Bakers? Of course if you got an IQ larger than your thumb you have already
That's the good news
John the baker is the best Italian restaurant decided university drive and out two great locations for you
Brand new in the Sterling town center on Sterling Road just west of Pine Island Cooper City
And the classics John the baker in Pembroke pines just west of Flamingo in the Home Depot center on pines
And don't forget the food is absolutely great to give you a big
gigantic portions of all your favorite homestead Italian delights plus with John the baker's low prices
You can take the whole family the Johnson mishpacha is John would save for lunch your dinner and stay well within your budget
Just mention the Arangers when you go there. Please otherwise death is gonna start crying again
Please tell me the Arangers center and you get a free half of us in John the baker's world famous garlic rules with your meal
You won't believe how good they are so take out or dine in tonight call 9 5 4
4 3 1 4 3 3 15 in Pembroke pines 4 3 1 4 3 3 15 or for take out in Cooper City
954 252 0091 0091 pizza pasta veal or chicken Parmesan sausage and peppers all your favorite cubs
Uh, that's a good appetite John the baker absolutely the best Tom that bluff Lindsay totally the system
Oh
Video goods take
Take this is cut number one secretation man
Version number two because Georgian like the original one second version secretation
Are
I
American
Many
Welcome
Thank
That we close guard close to our own
Secret, personal, personal
Really give us, you will slip past and understand these back again
From the stages of the island
Looking for the intercruis battle
Get freedom for a game
You may lose through the waves
I thought maybe there was even fun now
Secret, personal, personal
Really give us, you will slip past and understand these back again
I figured once they made it, it came from something about the technical quality on that thing
No, it's great, that's top notch
119-560-WQM-Gellyet2, Mandoget4 from Augusta from the Masters
And in a bunch of sports stuff conflicting on two different stations
Critics are being shut out of more films as studios forgo advanced screenings on Flickstays, spectre reviewers to trash
Figuring the movie stand a better chance to box office success with no reviews rather than bad ones
So far this year, 11 movies haven't screened for critics before opening the
Even the Rob Schneider David Spade sports comedy, The Ventformers, and Monique's fashion comedy, Fat Girls
Ph.A.T. G.I.R.L.Z., Both Opening Friday, Fat Girls
During the same period last year, just two movies didn't screen advance for reviewers
The practice doesn't sit well with critics who must either do without or scramble to catch the movie on opening day
And that's something off if the routers want to have a review over opening weekend
But it makes business sense for studios which may presume the drawbacks outweigh the benefits if critics are allegedly ahead of the movie
If we think screenings for the press will help open the movie, we'll do it
So Dennis Rice publicity chief for Disney, which didn't show its fright flake stay alive to critics before it opened March
If we don't think it'll help, in other words, if the movie sucks, they won't show it to them
And they know it
If we don't think it'll help open the movie, or if the target audience is different than the critics' abilities
Then it may make sense not to screen the movie
Movies that don't screen ahead of time generally are genre-flakes such as horror stories or youth comedies who audience has paid little-eat-to-critics
Like bench-wormers, if some kid really wants to go see that, I don't think that bad reviews are going to step them from going
Said Paul Dergaard-Gabbedien, president of Box Office Tracker, exhibited relations
Television's Ibert and Roper, and the movies headed to Jabba and Hollywood whenever a student didn't screen a flick for critics
Along with their thumbs-up thumbs down, Roger Ibert, you fare in Richard Roper included a wagging finger which was on the screen
And the shame for films that weren't shown
They just want freebies there just like that posture is getting right, their cases of it
They discontinued that Ibert got tired of it and Roper said too many movies were not screen-in-advanced
And yada yada yada
Of the films that haven't screened for critics this year, three-day views is the weekend's top ovaries
The vampire sequel Underworld Evolution, the fight flick when a stranger calls
He's in the house
And what's the other one?
Domestic comedy drama, Tyler Perry's, Tyler Perry's Medea's Family Reunion
What the hell is that? Never heard of it
Results have been so, so, so, for other movies that did not screen including the action thriller Ultraviolet
The animated tale Duga and the comedy's grandma's boy and little, a little, a little Larry the Cable Guy health inspector
The crap, you know they put out such trash
And they wonder why the public isn't just knocking
Oh, let's see Kentucky Raid is not really a good song, it's a great song it says here
Oh, the chronic and cocoa
Uh-uh
Whether or not we think Elvis is otherwise indigate at all, sorry about the paycheck
Says chronic with a unhappy face
Drawn on this thing
Okay, chronic, thank you so much
We appreciate your comments, Ray, shall I play Kentucky Raid?
Yeah, wait for you to know something, I forgot it
Now, what is this thing?
I don't have it
Well, what is this other fax thing?
Oh, it's this thing
At two minutes and three seconds passed, one a in on Wednesday, it'll be
Oh, I see
I like that
That's very interesting
This is one of the most interesting faxes I ever had in my life
It would take a picture of it or something, I don't know
It'll be one, oh two, oh three, oh four, oh five, oh six
That's right
10203 April 5th, 2009, 2009, 1906
And it will have to be that
In the year 3000 and the year 4000
Well, I'm not going to have it again soon
I don't know
I want to get Kentucky Raid
Oh, and you know what else I should play?
I should play
And the reason being that after you chastised me for playing that bastardized burden, you know
All those things
I actually spent the money to go out and get them lizzly
And it sounds good and rich in vibrato
Oh, I see
I've just got a fan today
I thought while I was going set up for the win
Heaven changed and my consistency
But then I was choosing them to play
They were asking if you were around
How you want where you could disbound
So that you were given down town
Jamming all the old men crazy
Hey boys
Yeah, it sounds good except that there's like a track that keeps like kind of wandering off a little bit
In Mono
Oh, and anyway
I was just strong until I had time to hear that
And this good or what?
I don't think it's good
Does this Kentucky Raid?
I was thinking
I've got the wrong disc in there
I'm not sure right this, this three
Seven long to date
And a dozen pounds ago
Sorry, chronic it, both of them
I reached out one night and you were gone
No hard feelings
Sucks
This is not for me
It makes it for me or man
I'm trying to convoke and have my voice
Is this it?
Yeah, yeah
Let's hear the hook though
I read a text how on my mind
Oh, he's teasing me
Give him the hook
Oh, I don't want to hear that
I just remembered why I don't like Elvis
Hey!
You know I can't remember
I'm sick of all the time
Hello
I'll do a drach or two young
You can't call my breath
You've already brainless and have your jolt voice
What?
Nothing
What was he doing?
It's committing suicide in there
That's because he didn't get paid today
And the letter opener, he's gonna stab himself in there
Yeah, and then the Elvis, it's just too much to pair
Yeah, not getting paid on payday and Elvis on top of a dentist
It's a little over the top
It's too much to teddy bear
I could play that for you but I want him
I'm trying to get this damn thing open
You don't know what they're play teddy bear
No
I'm trying to get this thing open
So I can stick the third disc
I'm just gonna stick it in there
You can't make the car stop
You're the one tell me fake
I can't take it
We can't handle it no more please
No more, no more, no more, no more Elvis
No thank you Elvis for breaking ground
You're all moving the pedal there
You're all moving the pedal there
You're right he was horrible
And then the chronic and cocoa man
You know I get all the scrap by my bad taste of music
I have excellent taste of music
Your taste is in your touch rust
Well movie band second to last from the list
Bad news
That is the worst
Kentucky Rain My Ass
I'd rather hear summer rain by Johnny Rivers
In fact I might just play it again
We didn't help out play that
We didn't play, we don't have it right
You haven't got it
I don't know rain
Remember that song? Good song
Little mellow, little syrupy
But pretty good, certainly better than Kentucky Rain
I ain't got it
God
1227 votes at 1230 on the Jesus Bowl
1230 WJNO West Palm Beach
1975
What I remember it was just yesterday
126 in fact that was like almost to be already a station
That was Walter Week
I mean Walter Weeks broadcasting
And they were like Bushleakers too you know
But they made the they looked fantastic
They were like cap cities compared to it
Beasley
Almost couldn't even get that out there
Beasley, look at my mouth those are your bellies
76.7
Don't buy BGR
I keep telling you though
Company can't pay its bills or can't pay its employees on time
That's not the kind of company you stock I'd want to buy
Hey what's better than staying cool and comfortable
All summer long speaking of summer rain
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate
On the world's smartest air conditioner
The five star addition of the carrier and finity system
And to make things even better you can get this fabulous system
From Royce Air and Heat
Where they've been taking care of track county area families
For the regenerations
As the carrier factory authorized
Do their Royce guarantees you're a hundred percent satisfaction
And that guarantee is backed by carrier
The people who invented air conditioning and now have invented
The carrier in finity system
It actually performs the daily diagnostic check
And then adjust itself for maximum efficiency all year long
To maintain maximum efficiency on your prisoner conditioner
Join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club
To us here they'll inspect and tune up your system
And you'll enjoy a priority same day service
And 10% off and you need to repairs to all of this
All of these things for just a hundred ten bucks a year
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on
Or just peace of mind with the Comfort Club
Either way make the Royce choice
Royce Air and Heat call them tool free
1-800-377-0075
License number CAC-058-656-2
Well done
Write that down?
Yes
Call tool free Royce Air and Heat 1-800-377-0075
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5-16Q-A-F
The most disgusting progress
I urge everyone to complain to this station
Your butt is record, you've seen his film
You'll even purchase the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station
As a true Elvis van you think you've heard it all
But wait there's more
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis at last telephone conversations
Yes, it's the Elvis hates
Come on baby
This is Elvis
I want you to come over right now
Make me a big peanut butter dinosaur
A peanut butter in the van is the one that we're getting here too with the time
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments
All piece of me, all piece of me
The other is the Elvis
Won't you bring over a couple large piles?
Don't make it three
Don't make it sex double-chee-six
Yeah, I'm hungry
I'm hungry
And I'm hungry
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life
I want you back, I want you back in my life baby
And I want you way back
Would you pick up some donuts please?
Make you a little drink, don't love
Well as chemistry's day is true
All of my being hungry glues don't love
Without him I can't do
Be Elvis' date
Again, again, again, again, I want you don't love
A valuable mouth, he's run stores everywhere
All of these, all of these living on demand to do with it
Again big fun to me
He's been a homo
132 Steve, he knew this beneath that dream field for the low carbs
He wouldn't have croaked so soon
Or maybe the drugs did it
You know, this fax is very interesting, but it's too late
This already passed
Oh no
Oh yes, that's right
Today is April 5th
There's a two minutes and three seconds passed, one again on Wednesday
Well I had to write the notes of the genius who faxed this to us
Which we appreciate very much
But since it was fax today
One day and one day it was this morning
Right, we missed it
We could have had a big party
We could all open our windows and scream and carry it on
You know, like Howard Beal for Christ's
I'm in Madness Hill, I'm in just 306
Is anyone here?
Oh!
And 102-030-405-06
And a one and a two and a lower to a well-cutter, some would as two
It will never happen again and it says and guess what's already gone
So that's not good
Not good
So it's interesting information, but it's like old news, see?
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I mean like saying the circus is coming to town and the free admission for everybody
And then it's around was yesterday
What a disappointment
Not good, what a moment
Relaxing your paycheck is awaiting for you
Yeah, and like, you're going to find out they lie
Going to the store and buying groceries because you think you're running the bank and you're going
Right, that's right because you think you got paid in and guess what?
While paid in the candy bar was on a pool
You can afford to buy maybe one or two of those
Why didn't you get one?
70 QAM, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay
I think that's the oldest song that you might like
I doubt it
Little sister
That's a good one
Why would I like that?
If you hear it
Well, what do you mean if I hear it like I know every oldest song
Let me ask you how old are you?
Sir
Hello
Yeah
How old are you?
37
37
Okay, that means you were born in 69
Yeah, that goes
And what did little sister come up before you were born, right?
Yeah, 16, 61
I know every oldest song like by...
You can't even believe it, okay?
That doesn't mean I like them, but okay, what there it is, let's do it, enjoy
Well, what's good about that song?
I couldn't like them under to tell us, but I don't want to
I mean, you have to rate it on the Elvis scale, in other words, it doesn't suck as bad as some of his other songs
It is bad as Kentucky Rain
Right, well that product in Cocoa, man
Not seriously, I always thought he had like a little bit on the ball
Maybe he's got a little bit too much on the ball
Hang on, that's all subjective
No, no, it's Kentucky Rain is subjective, that's garbage, man
Even Elvis would agree with that
I agree with that
He would be puking up peanut butter sandwiches
Man, it is horrendous
Oh, here we go, candy curk
But I mean, I don't like her, I can't stand her, I will not watch her
Go to hell, okay, candy? Take your $15 million and stick it where the moon don't shine
You can't complain about her talent, she has got none, zero, Zipety Duda
God, she makes Oprah seem like Elvis
Whatever that means
Yeah, I was wondering
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
People would add a lot of talent
Well, the thing with Elvis is he was, you know, he was a pioneer, you know
He was, he was the first rock star and he performed and he did those things with his pelvis
And he outraged everybody and that was great
But
Oh, and I hear, here's an interesting fact, it's his Jesus was just some slick talking dude at him
No thanks, it's all about Satan day coming up, 06, 06, 06
See, there's something that's coming up here yet
Juno 6, now look at the counter back there and see what they're that is
I'm not working on that day, 6, 6, 6, 6, that's it up June, Tuesday, ooh
Well, that's before my thing, I am here something and this is the truth
This is the honor, I'm gonna tell you right now is after the way I feel and who's working on it today
And recently
Today is the 5th of April since we're talking dates and times and all of these things
All of these things
That means it's like a couple of months before that summer schedule I worked two days a week
So obviously I can and plus I got two weeks vacation before then
One very soon and then one in June
Rhymes, I'm with you by the way, you're not gonna make things next week, are you?
What are you on vacation next week?
Oh, that's why I thought, see I know what you know
I forgot I got to mark it on that guy
You never said you're on it because I'm not sure if you can get paid before next week
So I just have to wait and like the parking lot
Right
But anyway, what I was gonna say because if that summer schedule wasn't coming up
I would just email Joe Bell and say go go buy, bye-bye
I really would
That's how totally deflated, disgusted, frustrated, aggravated
It's just that this place is, it's a good, it's, it's, it's, I want to see if it's going nowhere
It's going somewhere, all right, speaking of Satan day
I think somebody put an evil curse on us
Do you know what I'm saying? Somebody said, oh wow, go to hell
Yeah, and we're doing it, we're on our way
We're well on our way
So strap yourself in and how to be hell of a ride
I would just, I just, oh Debra Norville, that's another great talent
The anchor of Inside Edition, man, she is a talent
Co-weekness
On the local evening news, co-anchors together
Made it possible for Mr. Mondale to go to Congresswoman Ferraro and bring her on to the ticket
What are they talking about? Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
No, I heard that they said something about Ferraro
Are you County Chink or Debra Norville? I don't, I'm giving it
That went over real big, too, then the County Chink with the Dan Rather, not
God, they just keep trying and trying and trying
Why can't they just put like a news person on there?
Somebody's like, like, like, John Roberts
Too late, he was on the game last night on CNN
And guess what they were talking about? On, and I, after about two minutes I said, is this all you got?
Well, who the hell is going on? Justin Berry
I prostitute, I was just going to say
Justin Berry, rhymes with
Dufairi
22 till 2 at 5, 60, WQM
What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity turned out not to be true?
What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt and traditional retirement planning weren't giving you the best chance for success?
Thursday April 6 sounds like tomorrow to me
The financial education institute is conducting a free seminar for South Florida homeowners called Common Sense Strategies for Successful Equity Management
Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time or maybe increase your spendable retirement income by 50% without increasing your current budget today?
Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself from any client and real estate market?
South Florida homeowners are invited to attend this Thursday tomorrow at 6.30 p.m. at the Holiday and Boingen Beach, free of charge thanks to paradigm wealth strategies
Visit them online at feidashfloorida.com or call out a reserve your slot at 954-389-8575
That's 954-389-8575
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516-QAPM
Public baby only in Miami
As the Congress
To join me in passing new immigration laws that will match willing foreign workers with willing American employers
When no Americans can be found to fill jobs
My name is Juan, I come from Mexico, I walk the night under the moon I glow, I close the door the hand, be really relieved
Don't get a job that's paying me
Because your friends attend me once in a while, let's see
To make it so that Juan don't work for free
Although I probably want an HM or I don't know what my job will be, I hope you pay more than a facial
What's my wage again?
What's my wage again?
530, man!
Sen, you're fairy
It's 142-1802, we got Gully
Coming along at two o'clock, the Gilda Meister, voice of the Panthers
Scientists think they've solved the mystery of how planets were more on the star born in a violent supernova explosion
Kind of like, just like that
Saying they detected for the first time a swirling disk of debris from which planets can rise
You following that?
A swirling disk of debris from which planets can rise, like a cake
Oh man
The discovery surprised him because the dusty disk orbiter orbiting the pulsar or dead star resembles the cloud of gas and dust from which the earth emerged
Oh man, maybe that's where all that gas came from
You know, the kind of Tommy's doing like that, that's the Raspberry
No, it's gas
Scientists say the latest findings should shed light on how planetary system is formed
It shows that planetary formation is really ubiquitous in the universe
It's a very robust process
It can happen in all sorts of unexpected environments that lead researcher
Deep-ditto Czech gravity
Czech gravity
And astrophysicist at MIT
Well, if he goes to MIT, you can afford to have whatever it is
Details appear in tomorrow's issue of the journal Nature
Using NASA's infrared spitzer space telescope
MIT scientists observed bright radiation released by a disk of rubble around a young pulsar
13,000 light years from the earth
The pulsar was once a giant star of the collapse and a supernova explosion about 100,000 years ago
But the Bible says, I'm sorry
While researchers didn't directly see planets forming in the disk, they believed the building blocks are present
In 1992, another team of scientists found planets circling a different pulsar
But they didn't observe a disk and couldn't tell how the planetary system formed
And we're asking, oh, do you think there might be some kind of life out of the elsewhere in the universe?
Well, what's going on with a stupid question is that?
When you come right down to it, and they're rather stupid?
Is it more stupid or just egotistical?
Oh, no, it's all about us!
It's egotistical
It's all about us, man!
God don't have time for it!
If he had a planet, he'd just put up his planet
He'd just put up his planet, and then he had an interest with the planet
He'd put up there for fun, for our amusement, and like the animals in the minute
Make it true, you're naughty or naughty
It's all about prayers, all about what does sound like kind of confusing with all these billions of people talking at the same time
And even praying for their team to win, not the same team
Speaking of that, scientists have unveiled their vision for a Bionic man
Where biology is merged with electronics to make limbs organs and senses better, stronger, and faster
The vision includes developments such as a robotic arm that can play the piano
A Bionic eye with video camera, and a microchim implant, and a powerful external skeleton that can for a superhuman strength
Oh, when the hell's Chris Reeves when we need him?
The American Association of Anonymous to Name the Project
The $6 billion human after the 1970s television series The $6 million Man
I thought that was the guy with the sandwiches that he said was on a Wushner show
In which science history build a wounded test pilot into a violent man
Who was on it? Don't tell me, Lee Majors
Yes
Details of the latest research were released at the Experimental Biology 2006 conference which opened yesterday in San Francisco
By Bionics, I told you we put a smile on your push
Say, there he goes, he chuckled, right at 1146
He chuckled, he's still pissed off, but he chuckled a little bit
Yeah, you've got enough change, you're talking to buy a couple of chuckles
Yeah, loose change
Yeah, part two
Is that like Topsy Part Two, by who did that Topsy?
Oh geez, we have to look it up
Start with his music craft
Professor William Crowley at Sir Rockford University described how he built a Bionic arm and with a hand in five fingers
Each of which can be independently controlled by commands, sent from the brains and nerves that communicate with the computer embedded in the artificial limb
Wow
The biggest challenge for Bionic arm is to communicate effectively with its users
My lab has developed new communication tools that allow prospective users of a Bionic arm to regain proportional control over several movements of the hand
Thus restoring a degree of dexterity, Dr. Crowley's told the conference
The Bionic arm is slid over a silicone sleeve attached to the amputees limbelow the elbow
After a brief training period, people gain control of the Bionic arm just by thinking about the required finger movements
Oh, I sure hope they're not putting a finger back though
That would be bad, wouldn't it?
That would hurt
Amputes with minimal training have gained sufficient finger control to use keyboards, he said
Daniel Polanker of Stanford led a team that designed a Bionic eye with a tiny light-sensitive chip implanted in the retina to detect images
The chip reader it is, the chip reads these signals from a video camera mounted on a perigogles which can see an infrared making night vision apostability
Dr. Polanker said the ultimate aim was to produce a Bionic arm that allows blind people to distinguish faces and read large print
Hume-yun Kazziruni of the University of California, Berkley designed a parlor of robotic legs that a person can wear to carry heavy loads
Oh, get some per fat boy!
Oh, I'm not sure that heavy load
Oh, there's the fat man
Walk into New Orleans, oh my god, he don't look at the over 100 per fat stomino and toin man, he looks bad
He's my favorite fat stomino, he was great
You got some fat stomino there?
Coming right up
Anyway, Dr. Kazziruni says we set out to create an exoskeleton that combines a human control system with robotic muscle
I'm right
He, he's a man, make no mistake with it
I'm going to New Orleans
Browning in New Orleans
I'm dying over here
Antoine Fats-Stovano man, there's no better than him, blueberry hill, who don't like blueberry hill?
I got a shriek on blueberry hill and I'm walking
What the hell is that?
Oh yeah
On Imperial records, buddy
With a AGC print
That it?
No, I got more, buddy
You don't have blueberry hill?
I wish, but I don't
You don't?
You got I'm walking?
Well, sure it was before 60, we'd like 50 years, I would think
But I don't have I'm walking, just don't I'm walking?
I'm walking?
Oh no
And then you know I really kind of Rick Nelson who I liked a lot, but he pissed me off, he did I'm walking
And I think that was his first record
And he couldn't sing
I mean, he never, he was pretty good, he did some good stuff later on, and didn't we read on that?
He was over here
But I'm walking, he was just it was terrible, it was like I don't know how that works
It was kind of like the rich walls tried to do a marling game, it was along that line
Like a little kid trying to be a singer, you know
And I was such a big fat stomato fan, even as much as I like Rickie Nelson
I thought, well you idiot, you clown
You fairy
You know, that was bad
1263 votes on the pool, I'll tell you one thing, man
Between Rick Nelson, I'm always his wife named my Tom Harmon's daughter, what's her name?
I don't know, they were divorced, I forget what her name was
Yeah, just saw the biography of the Nelson family, a couple nights ago, a biography channel, that's a wonderful channel
Yeah, for us old parts
Seriously, what Ozzy and Harriet and David and Ricky, David by the way is like about a hundred years old, he talked like, oh man
He talks like a retard, bad, poor David
He was always kind of like the odd man out anyway, David, he didn't have nothing going, you know
David Nelson, never trusted God with two first names, right?
But I was starting to say now, what's Rick Nelson's Sam is the younger son?
In fact, that was the night, something happened that night, they had that on the Larry King show, which I never watched
Maybe once in a blue moon, I'll go to see what he's got
And I really was interested in that show, and I got preempted by something
Who the hell knows what it was, they run away bright or some crap
And they never came back to the show again, they're it
But Sam was on a biography channel, it looked pretty good to me
And he doesn't have a website, by the way
With a webcam
Oh man, you people in the mean, I gotta say anything, let's play this for four hours every day
A media is sick, a new prop dad, a media is sick, a new prop dad, a media is sick, a new prop dad
See, one thing about me, I'm never going to let the media decide for me what is important, either in my life
Or when the news are in the world or on the planet on Uranus
I don't care what they say, because they know they're all a bunch of grave robbers
Just like this feeding frenzy about Katie Curric, you know
I could understand if she was real hot looking, I could understand if she was like some great talent
If she like, she got nothing, nothing
What did she got?
Pointy shoes
Oh, and you're not even going to see those unless you put your feet up on the desk on the CBS evening news
So we're not going to be shooting, we're not being filmed, we're not going to be shooting
Like the CBS evening news with Katie's pointed shoes
That's great
And in the background a couple of shoes, huh?
Don't make me choose
Right
Well, of course he's ever against, man
He's ever against poor Elizabeth
I think Elizabeth's vargaist is okay
I'm sure I'm going to watch her as opposed to, and you know something I've been watching her lately
I don't watch Brown Williams anymore, I'm trying to count against teeth
I don't like him
I'm 89
I don't like him
He's hard to look at
He's got a Martian face
It's crooked
And face is cock-eyed and he's got like 75 teeth on the bottom
He knows exactly what he was
He knows the teeth
I'm sure he was in that movie about what that was in movie where the spaceship landed, what was that?
We just talked about it
It was fun, the day the Earth stood still
The day the Earth stood still, it was a good movie
I'm sure he was hiding on that ship
Clot 2 had good teeth though
Yeah, but not Brian though
He had all the ones that he didn't have
I just don't like him
I don't like NBC News period
I don't like that peacock
They make me sick
I was thinking what Elizabeth's vargaist to Bob Woodrow comes back
And see it wouldn't be right to say I don't like him because he just had that
He almost died
I don't like him
He's pasty
I mean, yeah
In fact there's something about ABC
Have you ever noticed the flesh tones on the three networks how distinctive they are?
Yes
And I know that none of you watch so poppers
But if you just happen to be channel surfing on a TV set
You can always tell which network is on by the flesh tones the difference between NBC and CBS
And ABC was their very dull like Browns
Yeah, Browns
I think that's because they used to have Max Robinson doing the news
He's dead
153.2.a. and hey, who are all you horse racing fans and poker players?
Poppano Park racing and poker's got all the plunging action you want
And a great way to celebrate Tasty this Saturday year on next Saturday April 15th
Next Saturday
Poppano Park will host a tax relief day on Saturday April 15th
With every one age 18 and we're getting a free entry blank to win part of a thousand dollar giveaway
Baseball tickets or maybe a vacation trip on Discovery cruise lines
You could win 50 bucks, a hundred and fifty two hundred or five hundred bucks in cash
That'll take away most everyone's tax day blues
I'd just to have mouth for both 95 and the turn five poppano park is easy to get to
And best of all, poppano park offers you free admission and free general parking every day
I see Wally, Hennessy's having a big year too nice goal and hey Wally?
Not to mention Bruce Ranger who's a constant danger
Live harness racing in our smoke free poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at noon goes on the midnight live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in a p.m.
The last Monday madness two for twenty five dollar dinner a dollar what I say
The last Monday madness two for twenty five dollar dinner special is this Monday April 10th my payday
So make sure to come out this Monday also to miss out on dollar night Wednesdays when
Grab your soda hot dogs and lots more just a bucket P starting at 6 p.m.
Poppano Park of course open every day a night seven days a night a week
For the best in simulcasting harness thoroughbred high-light action fall across North America
Feed the Washington plunger guts on Brian Sears is demand don't forget to come out to poppano park center to April 15
Protection relief day pompano park a park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on a power line road
Don't bet Lou Williams. He's not doing too good these days for the current racing schedule call 9.5.4.9.7.2.2.2.000
Around the web is pompano park dot com
This is me a Roger this is 5.62.8.0
For the home of Jesus Christ for extra strength dexterity when you're getting crucified the last thing you need is headache
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends weighing on your shoulders and some bloody or stickless fear inside
Jesus Christ that hurts so when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head that's when I reach for dexterity
Well, I I don't reach for it
Hey, anybody got any excepting hey Judas could you feel a couple in my mouth come on I'm the savior for Christ sake extra strength
Exit because a headache is a heavy cross to bear
Jesus is doing
All right
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus got paid on payday
Jesus the make it a criminalized tax free business to no less we should only have such a racket
274 votes on our Jesus poll today right the era of Eastern or less he was one of what do you believe about Jesus
One of myself for fame profits three of an 88 he was the Messiah 244 he never saw a freight train 170
Jesus is strictly for goi am 119 just a regular guy 95 regular guy had a lot of bms I hate this pull 92
Then he said first 92 he was a homo 39 you fairly was a snappy dresser 35
Gioldi is standing by at the Yenthes Center. We got that big game coming up tonight. He is a sitting by
