Don't이나 Scforce's hands how they sound Brawl
teacho hurry to holy ye now
Looks like the rooster
Smells from theeple hair
Farfilze reboot sounds
Yeah
Hot and crystal at everyone
A sad day won't know, boy
What's my key'sACE in a hose
Fall between a silent glass
Spotty deathly fluid
Oops Ah Ye
What's that called?
Hillary notification
What's it called?
H bands from USA
Sibria
D Хорошо
Tell me now, please,
We gave a short voice and shed voice
Not a bad chin, me,
While the voice will be reaching back
And smell the light of the sky
It's gone, son, a big hat
While the voice we've had the time
Is for time on a bad day with
My family!
So what happened, Carl?
Carl Rove, I guess, just couldn't pull off another miracle
Now it was all about that, that's right
So anyway, it looks like my cocklewits went down
Chris is probably going to have a recount there, Virginia
They'll try to make up a bunch of dead people
And dig some people off and stuff like that
But narrowly lost to web, it looks like
What a wicked web we weave when we practice
Believed
At any rate, and of course in Florida, you've got a new gay governor
I will say this, the people in Dave Brown and Palm Beach
They've voted very heavily for Davis
They've voted against Chris, but Chris wins, of course
And John Hall, leader of the rock group Orleans, that recorded such hits as
Still the one, and dance with me, is when a stunning upset
And is raised for Congress and upstate New York
Narrowly defeating Republican incumbent Sue Kelly, 51 to 49 percent
Still the one, I like that song
I'm trying to get it going here, but you know
But what?
Well, I got it, I got it somewhere, in fact, give me about 20, 30 minutes here, I'll find it
Paul's views on the differences between political and music journalists were recently profiled on
Editor and publisher online, at one point, he had a struggle to be taken seriously by the press as a policy man
That's just another, you know, singer
The upset was more surprising as this contest was never on the National Democratic Party's list
And most likely, pick up Clay Shaw, bye bye, Clay, there's another one never even crossed my mind that we could
To get rid of his ugliest
Paul closed his victory speech by singing Stephen Van Zandtsong, I am a patriot
Numerous musicians played benefits for Hall throughout the campaign, though he was still badly outspent by his opponent
Paul ran as an anti-war candidate, he was also an environmental activist, he was a key organizer of the fabled No News Concert in movie 1979
How do you like that? Good old John Hall, he's still a one, and you haven't got it yet?
There it is, it was doing a big update, my music library, I had it in my seat
Well, yeah, it's not worth it, wasn't sure it was
And he chaps it off, just before it was open
Well there's John Tester, there's the in Montana, you go boy, like that
Popping out so you can hear him talk, because you always impersonate people talking through their nose
People in Montana don't talk through their nose, you don't have to talk, they got the CNN gun
By the way, MSNBC did a grotesque job in Leshin coverage last night, not that CNN is any great chase, but they got up to a real rocky start
And you think that Chris Matthews is expertise in politics, but they just technically they couldn't get the beginning, no graphics
I guess they thought at seven o'clock it was going to be all over, you know, like oh, here's, well we don't have any votes from Virginia
And well, what, it was pretty weak, although it was good to see Keith on there, but nevertheless
Here's the poll from yesterday, how confident are you that all the votes will be counted honestly?
Of course there were lots of examples of Hanki Panki going on all throughout the day, but even Carl Robin and the fixed machines, they couldn't do it
So it looks like the Democrats that they hang on to Virginia and Montana
They'll have a 51 to 49 lead in the Senate, and of course they got a 32 vote, they pick up 32 seats in the House
Which means they got a margin of about 30 or some odd
How confident are you all the votes will be counted honestly, not very confident, 552, not at all, 547
Skeptics and rightfully so, some of confident 288, very confident 99
I don't give a shmit 58, 100% sure of 32, right, there's the, that must be the bush crowd, right?
Right, and I hate this poll only 14, 8.8, wow, where's the last time we saw a number where they, oh, in front of it like that, a fraction
Your buddy Joe Bell was in this one, our general manager
He said, oh, you didn't stop by to see us, you were down here and I said, yeah, oh, you have to stop by and see all those we'd like to see and I said, don't hold your breath
I said, hold your breath, I'll ask you know what to exhale
So what was it that the beast told you that Kenny's got no control over that morning show?
Yes, that's what he told me
I have 18 votes, so I just want the audience to know that because we hope Kenny and Vogue do very well, but nevertheless
But it wasn't the beast that told me
Who was it, the rumor parry?
Oh, the, oh, Greeper
You can make up names all day
It was Greg
How's that?
Oh, Greg Reed told you that's right
I see
He's your buddy
Yeah
Which of these do you care about most that's our poll today?
We have 921 votes, but we'll get to 1,000 and 2 shades of a land sale
You know, I don't know, I guess I should feel pretty happy after the election results came in and the whole VOL stuff has been going on
But I don't know, I don't feel any different
Do you?
No
No
I'll, I'm sure it's finally got around to watch and Tristan and his whole last night and didn't like him
No, I didn't finish it
So, didn't make it to the end
Well, why not?
Finish it tonight
I have to, you have to
You have to, you have to
Looks like James Franco-American there had like, you know, a couple of extra sandwiches between that and Spider-Man
Yeah, well he spent a lot of time with the shirt off, that's for sure
He did?
Well, when he was wounded there, you know
I better watch it again, the dead
I better watch it again
The 1922 votes, which of these do you care about the most?
Don't start with that factory again, okay?
It would suit me now, you know, if just one, if the St. Pete Times and the minor and hear older, any of the newspapers in the state of Florida, any of these so-called MSM mainstream media
Would have picked up on the stories from the new Times and all the other stuff about Charlie Christ, which is well known to anybody who's ever gotten out of the house more than once
But they didn't do it
And so the people in Dave Brown and Palm Beach, along with the Democratic swell and the anti-Bushia sentiment, you know, they voted for Davis
But Chris Wynn didn't so big deal
Well, at least you're getting rid of Fat ass Jeff, that's the good thing
Bye-bye, Jeff, you fat ass piece of turd
Good family man
1922 votes, they care most about their income, 495
Sex life, a distance second, 212
Are you surprised at that or what?
No, no
I hate this pool 70, 7.5%
Well, you mama
Politics 43, politics
The National Football League 36, now we're talking, baby, on QAM
They care most about the National Football League, more than their income, their sex life, politics, my faith 34
My faith, as in
Deal, come on
Iraq 23, and my health, we had a late addition, it's my bad, I should have had it on there yesterday
Only nine so far, but it's zoomed up there, it's a good start, we just put it on there, right?
Yes
A 13 already, see my health's gonna go zoom in up close, because if you don't have your health, you haven't got much
Isn't that right George?
Huh?
No, I got that
You know what?
My health, that's all I got
Oh
Well, you got that gray hair, that's not a good sign, premature health
Exit pool results indicate that 58% of voters yesterday disapproved of the way Bush is handling his job, that's the people who voted
See, they kept wondering whether it was this massive turnout, because the people are pissed off, they're angry, they're disgusted, they're tired of this
Like there's stuck at a dead end
Anyway, 42% approved of the voters, that's down from a 53% approval in 2004, and 67% just before those 2002 midterm elections
43% strongly disapproved of the president's work more than double number of strong approvals, of course it's hard work
Intensity of sentiment forward against by contrast was about equal in 2004
33% strongly approved of the president's performance and 35% strongly disapproved, and it goes on, the war in Iraq is a serious concern
Well, a damnal should be for Christ's sake
In the exit pool results 57% of voters disapproved of the war while 41% approved, how can anybody approve, that's what I like to know
41% approved, how can anybody approve?
By the way, bye bye Clay Shaw
And I think, you know what I thought they were going to be really clever there, with that Joe Negron in the Mark Foley seat
Punch Foley, you vote for Joe, you know that's right
It was close, but they still lost
Approval of the war was higher, 51% in the 2004 election, and 41% now strongly disapproved of the war up from 32% two years ago
Number one issue was corruption
Corruption was a number one issue, not the war in Iraq, not the fact that Julie Roman is a jackass
It's here of course one again, with overwhelming support from Republicans in Connecticut, who didn't, they abandoned their guy, the poker-playing guy, and they voted for Julie Roman
227, let's see, they moved it too fast, to 195 in the House Democrats, and those 13 still undecided
Democrats still control the House of Representatives for the first time in a dozen years, but the crucial question in which party are won the Senate
Hanged this morning on those next in that contest in Montana and Virginia
Democratic challenges have picked up four seats in the Senate according to CNN projections
Republicans will need to take just one of the two remaining competitive races to keep control, but I don't think they will
Democrats won in Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Missouri, and Ohio, as well as independent candidates Bernie Sanders and Julie Roman, who respected of all with the Democrats, so they count that in the total, you know?
But in Montana, the race between Republican Senator Conrad Ed Burrins and State Senator John Tester was too close to call, Tester got about 1800 vote lead
If Tester wins, Democrats could secure control by winning in Virginia where MPat will Republican Senator George McCockel with talent, trail his Democratic challenger Jim Webb by fewer than 6000 votes out of more than 2.3 million counted, how do you like that?
Two days I have my repair check, it was fantastic. Yeah, I got the check. Not a cut, it's close for the first time.
I'm the Virginia Law, the apparent loser can request a recount after the votes have been certified if the margin is less than 1% of the total votes cast.
If that happens, the result in Virginia may not be clear for weeks. Webb declared victory early today saying the votes are in and we won, but Alan wasn't backing down.
The election continues, he said. He said to many of them end people voted against me, and it's probably what he's thinking. To me, those McCoccas.
At any rate, so if the Democrats hang out of Virginia and Montana, it would be quite a feather in their crab. Then we'll see what they got.
Okay, then we'll see what they got. Am I right? I'm holding a photo. We finally put the brakes on the busher machine on the big runaway freight train or to disaster, but now let's see what the other guys got.
What they bring to the table is they say, what do you bring to the table? As Jerry Reynolds used to say, what do you bring to the table? And his answer of course was Bill Marshall.
Who had to open up the mic, pot for him and like a hold his hand and I like kind of a dot ring old fool that he was. He always was very fun to you, though. Yeah.
952 votes. I guess it was the same. Then as it is now because you're involved with the show, he did.
He filed just like poison. But the tanked on the trash. Don't get to involve with the show because if you run it around a hallway and people are always on the.
I mean, a lot of the show. There might be spitting blood in your direction. I'm saying I thought they already do that. Yeah, I'm sure that they do.
The biggest thing is Joe Zell says talent. This is real Roger. 420560. There's a button. I smell it. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Bull Association.
Let's face it. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution.
I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns. They scared the **** out of people and timid eight down and giving you whatever you want. That's right hand guns. Think about it.
Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. All of the convenience store takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution of life's complex problems. All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? Buy the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of hand guns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control.
Yes, hand guns. They just might make your fans.
Can I team at five? Sissy. It's the American F and Wade, baby, and especially in Florida. That's why you know, can you impose this morning? We're alimmenting this.
Alimmenting is not the right word. It were questioning the wise and the wear force might as well as violence go on and yada yada. You know, aren't you pleased that we have a sociologically rated morning show now?
Or if I knew that's what it was going to be, then I'd make a talk to you. Anyway, Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill Blue, before we get to all of this, you know, numbers and all this other crap.
Doug Thompson says, and the horse they rode in on. American voters and president George W. Bush and his gang of thugs called the Republican Party a strong message Tuesday.
It wasn't subtle. It wasn't polite and it wasn't subject to interpretation and said, go to hell. Go directly to hell. Do not pass. Go do not collect $200.
Democrats needed a net gain of 15 seats to regain control of the house. The final count is still uncertain, but Democrats picked up at least 33 seats more than double what they need.
And that gives incoming speaker the house Nancy Pelosi to vote she need to give W and his goons the screwing they so were so deserved.
But he's got a couple of expressions in this story that I can't even come close to reading.
Grand of the Senate is in play, but Democrats hold on to slim leads in both Virginia and Montana and wins their give them control of that chamber as well.
Leaving Bush and the boys wondering if anyone got the number of the truck that molded them down. Bush and the Republicans deserve to get run down.
They stepped willingly out in front of that on-rushing semi called vote anger over the box worn Iraq and the cesspool of corruption that ruled their party.
Cesspool.
As it pulls out of vast majority of voters really pissed off over Bush's Iraq debacle, a corruption of broken promises of Republican party and the deterioration of individual and civil rights.
Two years ago, those of you in terrorism as major issue gave Republicans 90% of their votes this time they split evenly between Republicans and Democrats.
Two years ago evangelicals gave the GOP 95% yesterday 33% of the religious right voted Democrat.
Oh my god.
I like that.
If you had an r after you name you became an endangered species, aren't like in Chavy, A. Road Island, the liberal Republican and Jim Leach and Iowa moderate, we're left flattened on the road of political ruin.
Now what is this?
This facts.
I mean there's a lot of things I could put on this pool but that's not the idea. Could you please put my children on the pool?
Of course I could put that on there.
My family, my children, my spouse, my mom.
Yeah, me and my mom.
See when I said pool like that when I say which of these do you care about the most I'm being selective obviously for a reason?
Anyway, a duck Thompson says if you had an r after you name you became an endangered species, even like in Chavy, A. Road Island liberal Republican and Jim Leach and Iowa moderate were left flattened on the road of political ruin.
Left flattened on the road.
In Tennessee Republicans won away because they showed no shame and openly appealing to the latent racism that resides in their base taken down here or forward by stereotyping him as some sex crazed black man chasing white women.
In Virginia the racism of the old South came home to keep George Allen in the race where he trail the Democratic gender Jim web by a razor thin margin and a race headed for an almost sure recount.
Same for Montana where he can still find enough ignorant red next to vote for a corrupt racist like Conrad Burns to keep the race close and undecided when the sun came up this morning.
But in most of the country where people hold in with their heads instead of their prejudices the Republicans could not sway the outcome with money attack ads and sleazy campaign tactics.
Voters took the first step back to take back control of their country as we headed into the daylight of Wednesday the only two questions remaining are the fate of a two out of step and come a Republican racist named Burns and Allen.
I remember Burns now don't you? It's a dude that's coming. Both of these dinosaurs often campaign this phony cowboys decked out of their hats and boots and the stride horses.
How appropriate because the message delivered by voters on Tuesday is a type that so often ends with and the horse you wrote in on.
How do you like that?
Pot uses relying on home delivery is this the story that this faxer sent in? That just at the first page.
In the city where you can get just about anything delivered to your door groceries drag feeding Chinese food. This is in New York.
Pot smokeers are increasing the ordering take out marijuana from drug rings that operate with remarkable corporate style attention to customer satisfaction.
Now you have to hit the delivery guy. I think it's only fair and polite. In other words, call the tip line.
I'll tell you what if somebody's delivering my weed at the house they're going to get a big tip.
And I'm told number of otherwise law binding professionals in New York are having their pot delivered to their homes instead of visiting drug bins or hanging out on street corners. God forbid.
Among the legions of home delivery customers is Chris a 30 70 year old salesman in Manhattan. Chris. He's got the good stuff. He doesn't know Chris. Oh, well I decided.
Among the allegiance he got dials of page your number gets a return call from maturity spatula takes his order for potent strains of where a jowini.
Potens strains heavy duty Schmidt. When the couple hours of all-groom delivery man sometimes a moonlighting actor or chef arrives at the doorstep of his man had an apartment carrying weed neatly packaged in small plastic containers.
These are very nice to speak people said Chris is spoke to the associated press on condition of only his first name being used for obvious reasons.
There is an unspoken trust. It's better than going to some street corner and getting ripped off or killed at it.
The phenomenon isn't new. It's long been the case around the country that does enough money in the right connections could get cocaine or other drugs discreetly delivered right to their door and their face of business.
But experts say home delivery has been growing in popularity thanks to a shooter corporate style of dealing designed to put customers at ease and avoid the messy turf horse associated with other drugs.
Pleasant dealing. It's certainly been the trend of the past 10 years in urban areas that are becoming gentrified said recruiters and anthropology professor at John J. College of Criminal Justice who specializes in the drug culture like George does.
The corporate model and its profit potential were demonstrated late last year when the DEA announced that it had taken down a highly sophisticated organization dubbed the Cartoon Network.
The A.A. in sub-rested 12 people after using wire tams and surveillance and making undercover buys and it goes on but I don't have the rest of it nor do I want it anyway.
Don't send me anymore. I is pretty interesting crap right there. Sure.
If you want to look crap just call George. Look at the amount of the delivery to take on them. Still have it back.
Look at that 997 votes. Well when we get to a thousand on bail and write on out. Gonna go out in the streets and dance and celebrate.
You know what I'm saying? Yes it is. It's interesting you look at the difference in the way the media covers these things in terms of headlines.
Here's the headline of the Toronto Star today angry voters punish Bush. Doesn't say well see you're trying to figure out what it was that motivated the angry voters punish Bush. That's what it says big headline on the front page of the Toronto Starry.
That's right people are pissed off they've had enough they've had enough Bush. Enough at a BS you can't spell Bush without BS you don't understand that it's right like he can't spell you I'm sorry.
That's in bad case to them that's supposed to do that you have to have a little more respect. Sure yeah. Well yeah you have to be all whipped up and tears have to well up in your eyes. Oh it's easy they're killing people.
26 past 10 at 560 WQ a.m. If you're just a G Gordon Lydia they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
G W 4. How many drugs did you take?
But for the man.
The leader of the band.
The leader of the universe. You're raising power back.
You've got enough money to make it. You have the country for a boy to play.
G W 4. I'm gonna get my passport today.
You have to have a passport tomorrow. You have to have a passport today.
I have to have a ticket tomorrow.
You have to have a ticket tomorrow. You have to have a passport today.
You have to have a passport today.
You have to have a passport today.
You have to have a passport today.
You know maybe you've got syphilis today.
Thank goodness we had all those very respectable people on last night all night long like Tom Delay.
That fact that I would have gambling problem.
I think that was on a phone with his bookie betting on all the races.
I think it was going on on CNN.
I don't think about the media.
FM, FM is the simplest junior. They're just pathetic.
Anyway before we get back to Miss Kristen and all the other stuff there.
University of Miami defense attack. Brian Pata was shot and killed.
My second name right, John? I believe it's Pata.
Pata.
Were you sounding it out or something?
We shot and killed him in the parking lot of his Kendall apartment last night around an hour after he left UM's practice field school official said.
Dave Police recalled a missing of a shooting at the Colony apartments, 9315 Southwest, 77th Avenue at about 730 last night when officers arrived they found the victim dead of a gunshot wound.
The details of what went to the shooting are not clear but Pata, 22, was found dead as residents a UM source said.
This is a sensitive real-time active investigation said Dave Police spokesman Roy Rutland.
He said homicide investigators were expected to be at the scene all night.
Rutland said he couldn't come and who police think might be involved.
My next letter director Paul V said right now we're just gathering ourselves and just trying to pull ourselves together.
Not bad enough they lose all them games and they had that big brawl with FIU and they get the bunch of guys suspended.
But now we get a player dead.
Pata a 64280 pound defensive tackle had started every game this year but one recording 26 tackles and two stacks.
A product of my essential senior high school Pata was majoring in criminology.
Wow criminology.
I was close to receiving his degree this second and I'm here he was well respected among his teammates and considered a vocal leader.
This is the second time a UM player has been shot this year.
On July 21st Junior Safety Willie Cooper was shot at a buttocks.
How do you like that?
Back to the shot in the ass during what was thought to have been an attempted robbery of the South Miami home.
He and fellow safety Brandon Merrow weather and receiver Ryan Moore are running.
Cooper's injury was a flesh wound to return to the team in less than a week.
I mean no we're self-respecting football players going to be shot in the ass and like you know play out right.
Right.
In 1996 UM linebacker Marlon Barnes was found bludgeoned to that along with his girlfriend Tamanika Lumpkins in his cruelty of a apart member Tamanika.
No.
In 2003 former safety outblades was killed in the car accident about a year after former Miami linebacker Chris Campbell 21
who had just completed his eligibility with the hurricanes also died in the crash.
What about Benny Blades?
Yeah.
Ruben Blades.
Now what the was his name?
We got that Brian.
Brian Blades and Benny Blades who are the brothers.
Yeah right?
Yeah.
I guess that's too long ago.
It's old news.
Old source.
The night.
What's there?
Rough fight.
We don't want to be playing that now.
That would be very insensitive and very bad taste and our morning guys would get very pushed off of me for doing that.
So I'm not going to do it.
Don't do it.
So anyway, Clarice is calling the shots at the morning show where you could have fooled me because it's a spot show you know.
So a poor Kenny, they bring him in there and basically like you've been sitting all along the guarantee this failure right off the bat.
Yeah.
He had his hands and his legs together and they said well I go on and get some numbers for us Kenny.
They were really entertaining morning show and by the way here's the lump head of a vote camper to work with.
I mean I like him but he's a good guy but man he is.
Anyway getting back to the important stuff.
Okay I don't want to get involved in these other day parts.
Let's see the schedule today we got the mad dog 2 to 4.
Thank God that dumbass didn't miss the plane again.
That's what Josh said.
The mad dog 2 to 4 the power hour with the humber and the mad dog between 4 and 5.
I'm sure they're going to be talking a lot about the election results.
Humber at the bank Atlantic center, the Yentra center.
I would have meant the bank Atlantic center is that the Yentra center?
Yeah.
Yes.
Between 5 and 7 solo and then we got Panther people at 7 o'clock.
Panther's host arrangers at 7.30 tonight and Eddie Kaffir the hockey game.
Rangers are pretty marginal.
Phenium consistent.
They suck.
Let's get some people out there for the Panther game for a crown out lot.
I'm so sick of turning on the old...
Shoot!
... all those people disguised as empty green seats.
My God just sees of empty seats.
Really embarrassing.
Oh there's what's his name?
He got walloped in Ohio.
The wine.
He's the whining.
Once again, delivering on the state's reputation as the name...
He knew he was going to lose.
He checked with his the whining rod.
Cute.
Voters elected Charlie Chris the state's 44th governor too.
Then the first gay governor that we know of.
Handing him a victory over Democratic rival Jim Davis and the most expensive one of the most vitriolic campaigns in Florida history.
Chris the attorney general will take office during an honorable ceremony January 2.
They come in the first Republican to succeed in other GOP governors since the 1870s.
Wow.
Florida is a Republican state baby.
Although Miss Foley made damn sure.
You know, that would have been really unacceptable if Joe Negron would have won that seat.
If the Republicans would have held the seat.
Even though you know, I can't blame Joe for what Miss Foley done but nevertheless.
You know, we wore it a party for scandalous grotesque.
Anyway, in his victory speech at the swanky Renaissance Dinoa Resort and Gal Club.
Chris gave special thanks to God and his parents but also cited Davis for his spirit and honorable campaign.
Right.
Tonight we all come together as one.
Chris said.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Not as Republicans, Democrats are independence but as one as Floridians.
Each Floridian will have a voice in all we do and I will serve every Floridian with all my heart, she said.
He said.
Chris declared victory around 11.20 last night shortly after Davis, a five-term congressman from Tampa called him to concede the race.
Although Chris is expected to continue many of fat ass governor Bush's policies including education reforms that favor private school vouchers and tax cuts.
He will likely take a more populist moderate approach to running state government.
He will lead with the legislature that remains solidly under control of conservative Republicans, Red Neck Yahoo's.
But has made it clear his governing style will be driven list by ideology.
Davis spent the evening with his running mate, Darrell Jones, their wives, families, supporters in the three bedrooms suite.
What?
Their wives, families, and supporters in the three bedrooms suite watching the returns.
Where is this from?
The Sun Central.
His wife, my ass.
Their wives, families, and supporters.
This is just pathetic.
Is what it is.
Oh, Davis spent the evening.
I thought it said the Miss Christ.
See, I'm getting all emotional about that.
It just pisses me off at the media.
Once again, you know, they cover up for certain people and some other people in just, you know, the door flies wide open.
And of course, keep in mind that the St. Pete Times and the Amami Hill also had the, they had those emails and they sat on them too.
The Mark Foley ones.
So evidently, they just never met a Republican meeting like all the St. Pete Times supposedly very progressive newspapers, supposedly.
But then again, everything is relative and quality.
And maybe they got some relatives.
Not that it makes any difference that Miss Christ has gave, but the fact that he's a liar in a hypocrite in the phony and campaigns against all those issues,
that might have been of some interest to some people beside the one who read the New Times magazine.
And it was a listen to show all ten of them.
Although we got a 1555 votes on the poll, I'd bet you that Joel is tearing his guss up.
Who do they adopt and play this week, and dry?
The Chiefs.
Oh, yeah, they're talking like they got a chance in that game, no chance.
Where's that game in Kansas City?
Police out here.
Oh boy.
This goes to Bearsmas, the team busized week, right off the, and who the hell did the Patriots play this week?
Hopefully, like some sister with a blind for crying out loud.
After having to play the Colcea other night, that was unfortunate.
Bad scheduling, baby.
Really bad scheduling.
Kind of like what we got on the station.
Bad scheduling.
Now actually, I think we finally got everything.
And Joel sounded like he was fishing around, you know, like on a fishing expedition?
Yeah.
Probing.
You know what I mean? Probing.
What was he using for bait?
He was, he was probing.
He was like, you know, the sounded to me like he was fishing.
I have no problems.
The check shows up on time, even early every payday, the bonus check showed up like within a heartbeat.
They had a donkey bring it to the house.
I mean, everything is great.
Life couldn't possibly be better except maybe hitting that $166,000 jackpot or woodbond or one of those good $1 machines.
Or maybe within 36 million in the, a lot of tonight's things.
The biggest name, the best talent.
Actually, it has a post-prodigal.
4th, 20, or 5th.
You A.M.
Project.
I.
He gives little babies on right to Madonna.
And now he wants to baby.
What the hell was this?
I smoked in marijuana.
Because now he wants to baby.
I've already changed the kids name of how he and now he wants to baby.
I wonder if that extra children to Malawi.
Because now he wants to baby.
He's back.
Baby, the daddy is back.
God, he thought it wasn't a result.
He wants him back like it.
Over to library, but he wants to baby.
And he thinks that Madonna is a little boy crook.
And so he wants to baby.
And he thought that the deal was coming with an option.
He wants to baby.
And that is not the definition of adoption.
But still he wants to baby.
And that's right, and when the kid is running.
Oh, I think it's very coming.
He has a better life with the material girl.
Oh, thanksgiving Hillie Turkey instead of the world.
But he wants his back.
But not a better kid herself.
But girl, that's right.
Because daddy wants to baby.
And he thinks for now worse than all weekend with party.
He wants to baby.
And baby, back.
I think that the daddy is mental.
God, he thought it wasn't a result.
And there is plenty of money.
I guarantee.
Maybe so has the fine the kid in jealousy.
Daddy, what can I buy?
Oh, yeah, that's it.
That's where it ends.
I just had to put some more paper in my machine.
Just relax.
Don't get all panicking.
We're close.
You want to?
Yeah.
1974 votes on the poll.
I'm looking.
And I just can't find the dancing.
The final numbers in Tennessee.
Because it wound up being a lot closer than it looked like it was going to be.
It looked like Corcor was going to be like uncork a big win.
And then Ford closed in.
And the last thing I've seen before I went to bed was Ford was only a few percent of his points.
I know Corcor won in Tennessee.
Thanks to those race baiting ads, but nevertheless.
Just did ought to be a lot easier to find some of this stuff, but it's not.
It ought to be.
Fed up voters put the exclamation point on the long and negative campaign last night by repeating
1826 year-end company, U.S. Representative Clay Shaw for Lauderdale.
And Sunday Democrat Ron Klein to Congress in his place.
Bye-bye Clay Shaw.
You old turd.
You old toad.
He's a turd.
That's what I've been toad.
Ron is accomplishing the impossible.
And the impossible is that Ron is beating Clay Shaw on Broward County.
He said U.S. represented Bobby Wexler, Democrat of Boka, two Klein supporters at the Embassy sweets in Boka.
The rumor ruptured in cheers.
Klein, a state senator from Boka, said the war in Iraq had become a dominant issue for voters in the prom.
And the Broward Palm Beach County District.
The work rate at Lauderdale also trust in Washington, leading the opening for Klein to offer new approaches to old way of doing business and trying to get Clay Shaw's head on a book his ass.
That has absolutely by far been the biggest issue he said that weren't a rack is huge.
Voters also signed the war.
Dr. Yasuf Hamuth, 62 of four Lauderdale cities, a Democratic voted for Republican Charlie Chris for governor.
And Republican Broward County Commissioner Jim Scott, he said he voted for Sean the past with Klein Women's Support Tuesday.
It's just Iraq, Iraq, Iraq.
Hamuth said the president needs to get the message.
Send him a message, you know, like Joey Zaza.
Klein's campaign called for a different strategy on the war, but it now doesn't even have any sure-fire solutions.
Klein said a national anti-re Republican mood fueled his candidacy.
What we're hearing from is with people is they want to change.
They can't take no more.
We can't take no more Bush.
No more lies.
No more BS.
No more dead people.
See, that's the one thing, you know, it's kind of like a bittersweet thing because it's not going to bring any of those dead people back.
It's not going to restore the limbs to any of these main people whose lives were turned upside down or destroyed or erased altogether.
Based on a bunch of lies, it might stop some more from happening.
It might.
A line notice that Chris Matthews was like putting how he deans feet to the floor there about, you know, Iraq and what do we need to do?
Do you have a plan on how he was at, but I mean, you know, like that.
It was kind of ugly.
Like Chris Matthews kind of ugly.
And void by a national scandal, the force of resignation of a 12-year incumbent political neo-fight Tim Mahoney.
Capitalized on the frustrations of a conservative electorate yesterday to become the first Democrat elected in the 4-16th congressional district and at least three decades.
Long time.
After lead wobbled back and forth from much of the night Republican Joe Negron concluded just before 11 p.m.
Not enough people punched fully.
The margin was well within the number of hosts cast for unaffordinated Emmy Ross.
It's been a rollercoaster Mahoney told supporters last night that he'd stupid of being resorted as they sipped champagne.
I love this country and I love Florida.
I love the people in the 16th. He loves everybody.
He called Negron a class act and thank his wife, Terry and daughter Bailey.
Negron, a state lawmaker from Stewart-Watch results from a home and later joins the supporters together with the Hudson's and Ireland Marriott Beach Resort in Marina.
He's the next congressman Negron said of Mahoney deserves the opportunity to serve.
We came in, we gave the people a competitive race, but we meet the debuupit about.
In Martin County, Negron won his home base by about 12 points.
Mahoney won the best drawing showing in places such as Charlotte County where about 25% of voters are registered Democratic, but nearly half the ballots cast were from Mahoney.
The race for one of the state's largest and most rural districts turned from a snoozer into a bruiser five weeks ago when former US representative Miss Foley suddenly resounded.
Negron was picked as the GOP replacement candidate.
Poor Miss Foley, man. Outta control. Miss Foley.
That was the problem.
Miss Hormone's ruled his brain. That was the problem, man. Raging Fag.
And Carolis and Stupid.
1087 votes on the pool and for the first time in a dozen years Democrats sold a majority of all the nation's governorship after taking 20 of 36 races all across the country, including victories in states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Colorado.
It will be crucially 2008 presidential race and I know you're not going to want to hear this. You didn't want to hear this stuff last night because you're watching Tristan and his old.
But it's the one to hear it.
Well, that could look what I have to say though.
Because Hillary won this unbelievable, you know, we knew she won the winning order.
Go there. Don't say it.
But I'm telling you, acceptance speech in bubble.
She was good. I don't like her, but I'm telling you she was good.
Well, I mean, I could give you some other song in advance, but she made a great, not a great, but I made a good acceptance speech and she was Charleston.
Can you do the Charleston?
I feel like the Republican Party is not my party anymore.
Joan Domex 75 said after voting in Parma Heights near Cleveland.
Democratic representative Ted Strickland became Ohio's first Democratic governor since 1986.
Routing Republican challenger, the anxious Ken Blackwell, who Democrats could have sized for his role in overseeing the 2004 presidential election in the Secretary of State, is interesting.
How Ken Blackwell was on a ballot and got walloped in Ohio and how a captain Harris, his earlier counterpart with fixing votes in Florida in 2000.
She was on the ballot and got walloped by Bill Nose.
I mean, she got want.
It's time for a change. That's the buzzword said Cindy Munchrush.
That's her name Munchrush. Oh my God, are you serious?
Cindy Munchrush, 54, stayed home mom from suburban Columbus.
Ten states had open seats because of retirement, trim limits and the case of Alaska, failure by the incumbent to win the primary.
Democrats won six of those and also have undevolvable seats in Iowa, Michigan, Oregon and Wisconsin.
And Massachusetts former civil rights prosecutor and Democrat, the deviled Patrick became the state's first black governor and the nation's second to be elected.
He also went into 20 year Republican grip on the governor's office in Massachusetts.
In New York, Elliot Spitzer, who could be your next president, the crusading attorney general, let a crack down on Wall Street practices, captured a state record 69% of the vote on his way to becoming the first Democratic governor since 1990.
Spitzer's margin beat former Governor Mario Cuomo's mark of 64.6% in 1986.
Following all these numbers, good.
In Colorado, which is voted Republican, Alaska, presidential elections, former Denver District Attorney Bill Ritter, one perhaps one of the most bitter racists, complete with an FBI investigation into one of many attack ads.
The Democratic campaign said the information that had which accused him of being soft on illegal immigrants came from a restricted federal database.
And in Maryland, Baltimore, Mayor Martin O'Malley, unseated Republican governor Robert Eurick in a very close race, just as Eurick benefited four years ago from his association with Bush, he suffered for it yesterday.
Good. He suffered. Let him suffer then. As she suffers now.
How was it? Let them suffer now. As she suffered that. Whatever the hell he said.
Remember that? In what movie? In the Godfather.
No, I don't remember that. Oh, I can't.
I don't know. When Don Corleone, which one was that? I don't know. It must be three, which only saw the very beginning. No, it was not. It was at the very beginning of the first one. What is wrong with you, man? Even Josh remembers that.
They beat her like an animal. Oh, that. She kept her on. Yeah. Let them suffer. Don't you remember? Okay. And he was prisoner here and then Corleone's got what does he suffer like she suffered?
That's not where. No, that's not what I'm like that. What is over now? It is not. All right.
1100 votes on the poll by the way we are kicking big fat, smelly, slimy ass.
This is the Neil Launcher Show.
We picked up the vote. This is your brain.
Any questions? Come and listen to us or we're about to print your name to the cues that were taken up and have engaged eggs.
And just when you thought he was a super-righteous dude, out came some stories that sounded really crude.
Bad things, bad news. Gay escort. Sorting bad. Well, the first thing you know, old Ted's a hypocrite.
Man and gay love, wow, he was loving it. He said big forgiveness and dropped to you. He said, Christ, they send an ignored hypocrisy.
All right, praise the Lord, past the ammunition. It's 1115, 60 WQM, mad dog, and two.
And then we got all that tower hour and the hour with a shower and all that other sports stuff.
1117 votes. We got the Panther game tonight. Any interest? No.
Which of these things do you care about most? 1117 votes. I am really pleased as punch.
My income, 565. I can go along with that. In other words, as long as my check show is up or be too weak, that's all I care about.
And one kind of leads to the other. In other words, if you're a slumber, you can't get laid. Is that what you're trying to say?
I don't think so. The way you would want to be. Not in this state, not in this city.
Well, Josh doesn't think he's making too much money. And he's evidently getting a little action there on the side.
On the upside down. Yeah, upside down. Well, there you go. He's a youngster.
My income, 565. My sex life, 246. Those are the two runaway leaders. I mean, you know, money and sex other than that, who needs anything?
Right. Well, that lot of sounds good tonight. 36 million. I hate this pool 87.7%.
Why do we hate you too? My health 72 pounds, 645. My faith 38 in this season crowd of ours. My faith the Lord Jesus.
Of the national football league, 30 or 38, which is like a religion, see those are tied. And I think it's rightfully so.
And Iraq only 26. I mean, who cares about Iraq? There's a lot of dead people over there. Well, there's probably smells real bad there.
I would think when you think I imagine a lot of carcasses. After he didn't close race Senate candidate Harold Ford,
Jr. lost the first race of his career to Bob Corcor. Ford congratulated Corcor and thanked the voters at Tennessee for giving him the opportunity to run in the election.
These moments are moments you can either shrink from or grow from said for junior who likes white chicks.
What are you laughing about? No, just the way he said it. Ford said he was going to pray for his strength to go and be a better person.
He also went, he lices us some ass man. He wants to get lead. He does.
Harold Ford, Jr. And just because he's got like a little bit of a son 10 there, what's wrong with that?
And right away they appeal all them red next Tennessee. Oh, there's a darky white one. You know, mess with them white chicks with our white girls, you know.
Let's go string them up. Ford said he was going to pray for his strength to go and be a better person. He also writes his supporters at the Peabody Hotel in Memphis.
Not to get angry about the defeat. And it was very close. It was 51 to 48%. There's a three point loss.
Last, those late polls show in Corcor was like 13 points. Remember that crap? We knew it was bogus.
Oh, there is a, but last night, I was really on a cliffhanger. This was up yours. Macauke with phone. He belonging 51 to 48%.
So he's asking for a strength to go to be a better person and stick with his own kind and not be throwing him hot white to chick stuff like that.
Like what's your name that blonde your favorite Scarlett Johansson? Yeah. He said that he didn't know when it's going to be on the wall. I can't wait.
So I checked the program during the break. I'll check the progress of my order.
Okay. Because you should have, you definitely haven't this week. Instead of anything forget about Tristan and Azul.
What he didn't like, Josh liked it. Okay. I liked it. Pretty good. I said it was great. But it's it. Haven't gotten to the big decapitation that you already told me about.
Speaking about injured soldiers returning from Iraq have brought back a super bug that has been linked without breaks in NHS hospitals where they've been treated.
A health minister is confirmed. Well, this is from the abrid independent. The links between casualties brought back from Iraq and outbreaks in the NHS have caused alarm within the health service and led to renewed demands for more dedicated awards for Britain's armed forces to enable wounded soldiers to be isolated more effectively.
They bringing back super bugs from Iraq. The health protection agency exerts NHS hospitals to step up their infection control measures as a result of the outbreaks of a straight of the super bug.
As Sinido, as Sinido back to Bomanai, which is resistant to many types of antibiotics. I think that's something to do with the aerial Bowman.
A multi-resistant strain of A Bowman I known as the tea strain has been isolated from casualties returning to the UK from Iraq. The health minister Andy Burman said they commons written answer.
He sent the exact source of the infection hadn't been identified. But US casualties between the American also been found to be carrying the same super bug. The tea strain. They're straining it.
Experts in microbiology who were studying the links between the infection in those wounded in Iraq and injured soldiers thought to have caught the infection in Iraq may have caused a large outbreak of the super bug and an intensive care unit in an NHS hospital in Southeast England.
Or stay away from those brits or give it a schmitz and there are a bunch of twists.
And you'll notice when you watch this movie that I sent you whatever else on my point.
That the British affectations band, they're all like, they all they all they are. I love it.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I tell you one thing Jonathan Reese Myers. I love him. They reported that the super bug was also found in two hospitals in the Midlands and soldiers have been injured while serving in Iraq.
The HPA said last night it was caught the tea strain survived in soil and sand and warm climate such as Iraq.
How do you like that? Another Iraq attack. Another reason why it's just mind boggling.
And then of course all these pundits, all these talking heads. Well, you know, the public is saying a message here. We're not ready to share which message it is. What's the most upset about?
I mean, what does it take? You know, if this wouldn't happen at least as much as it did last night this turn about, I'd have been just nauseous.
Speaking of nauseous, Britney Spears filed for divorce. Too late. She's filed it. She's tainted goods now. Tain what she used to be.
Britney Spears filed a petition for divorce from Kevin Feederline. TMZ, that's the RCFARX website.
TMZ obtained illegal papers filed in LA County Superior Court yesterday stating irreconcilable differences from this slime ball that she married. Her high school sweetheart. Oh, man.
Interpretation Spears asked for both legal and physical custody of the couple's two children, one year old Sean Preston and two month old Jaden James with Feederline getting reasonable visitation rights.
As for money sources, tell TMZ the couple of married October 2004 as an ironclad pre-nup. Not surprisingly, Spears is waving her right to spousal support.
She's also asking the judge to make each party pay their own attorney fees. Spears give the data separation as yesterday.
The same day she flooded her incredible revamped physique during a surprise appearance on the Letterman show.
Surs is held TMZ. There was no single reason for Britney pulling the plug. Rather was a string of events to pull the string. Spears is hired powerhouse celebrity divorce lawyer Laura Waster who has rep the number of celebrities including Angelina Jolie, Nick Lace and keeper Sutherland Nick, who squeezed that bitch where every dime could squeeze out of her ass.
And were told to raise with a spoon and Ryan Philippe asked Waster is that Philphee asked Waster to represent both of them in their split.
Waster to claim for personal reasons. Maybe he says what maybe he's like Tony Dorset, Dorset. Maybe he's like Ryan Philippe now.
Philippe, I just said it pronounced it. Philippe. Philippe my ass. What does Ryan Philippe know? He's Philippe now? I don't think so. Philippe no, Philippe no to me.
Maybe put a different slant on her. You hate Reese with this one in the first place with Adam and the same wife. She's ugly. No.
Well there's a lot of that going around on saying that. I don't hate her. I just consider her ugly.
Yeah. And when she makes a grimmycy faces, it's scary even ugly. I never really paid that much attention to Reese with this spoon.
I did go to school with a kid named Bob with his spoon in high school. He was a lot prettier than she is.
A California doctor's accused of taking hundreds of photographs of different patients while they were unconscious and semi-nude at his clinic in Dublin, California.
I guess they were in Dublin this place here. A $1 million restaurant finished it for Dr. Tony Shiu who's also okay.
I guess they dropped the other shoe. What are all these stupid things that you're saying? I don't know. I'm goody.
You know, the model's election. Too much election coverage last night. Hour after hour. I just can't believe they were watching Tristan and his own instead of watching the election return.
Well because I knew that any good choice. There wouldn't be anything definitive until way later anyway. Then it fell asleep.
Definitive? Yeah, definitive. Like a $1 million restaurant finished it for Dr. Shiu who's also accused of essentially battering two men in his home.
Shiu was in private practice in Dublin, California where he's practicing. However, he disappeared after the one was injured.
Authorities believe he's left the San Francisco Bay Area. A search of Shiu's home turned up about 450 digital photographs of 19 male patients who were unconscious and undressed in medical examination rooms.
Only two of the patients photographs have been positive rat-identified police be saying. You can imagine how shocked they were when we showed them naked pictures of themselves.
Dublin police sergeant Herb Walters said police were alerted to Shiu after two men said they woke up at his home last August with no memory of the previous night.
That's probably just for the better, you know. The men said they had drinks with Shiu. He allegedly drugged the two men and raped one of them. Walters told the San Francisco Chronicle. What a prevert.
The men were taken to a hospital where they tested positive for a drug that's commonly prescribed for anxiety, but can cause memory impairment and confusion.
It was a ball of confusion. Also one of the men was found to have been sexually assaulted.
Police said one of the men had known Shiu for years, but the other were just met him on the night of the alleged attack.
Picked him up to the flusy fag bar no doubt. The Chronicle reported that the men said they first met Shiu at his home with plans to meet friends and open an Emoryville for an evening out in San Francisco.
But after having two drinks each and arriving at Shiu's home, they lost all memory for the rest of the night.
Witnesses told us they made it to open an Emoryville, but the two men were too far out of it to continue on to San Francisco.
Walters said his belief that Shiu grew from back to his home after all of that when the men woke up to following one of them became suspicious and then they went to a hospital for examination.
And the doctors said, okay, keep inside their bones for the long look.
And God willing, though, is what kind of crap they're going to find in there.
I mean, $1,154 votes on the poll. You don't have to give me that bird kind of cackling.
I mean, it's the day after election day. It's a W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
The oldest afternoon short takes. I'll love. Short stuff? Right, not to.
The dates.
Oh, no.
Wonder if he voted yesterday after in Lakeland?
Vote from the other side.
Corker 51 and Ford 48. What a shame. It's a damn good thing they put those race baiting ads on there.
Or Corker might have just got his ass whooped.
Yo, what up? This is Kate Bed. Kevin Fetteline.
I'm a daddy again. Ha! Get's ain't no one hit Wonder. Take that music, kids.
Anyway, I should know what I've been known as Kevin Fetteline.
So I've created my own condoms. Introducing Fetteliners.
Fetteliners.
Fetteliners are different. They're condoms that chicks wear.
Because I believe birth control, like pretty much everything else in life, is a woman's responsibility.
Fetteliners.
And Fetteliners are built to my pleasure. Just like a chick that wears it.
Fetteliners.
So tell your wife, your old friends, igniting the other, or whenever you sleep in with that's a moment.
You go down to the nearest drug store and pick up the package of Fetteliners.
What? Oh.
And make sure they pick up something to eat too.
Starving.
Oh, and some beer. And I ran a couple of video games.
A lot of those. And smokes. And some ice cream.
So you could make all the funny water here. And I'm more than glad to do it myself.
Because he's got no talent in his grotesque and a piece of crap.
But nevertheless, in trailer trash.
But he was doing her when she was doable number one.
And number two, I think I'm going to get 10 million out of that pre-nub deal.
No, he's enviable based on those things.
Right. Especially when you consider that he's got no talent, no look, and he smells bad.
Right.
Trailer trash.
He won the lottery.
Or speaking of the lottery, I think that 36 million sounds like a good number tonight.
I'll send you a card one of these days.
Sank you, Gar on the smirkling chimp rights.
Jim Web and John Tester are the winners.
Oh, as he says. Well, they are. But, you know, pretty tense, pretty tight, really tight.
Jim Web and John Tester won the initial count of Virginia and Montana.
It's clear and indispeedable that they deserve the same presumption of victory
that George W. Bush received in 2000.
They're the winners until conclusively proven otherwise by every method of counting
and court review possible.
We have winners in Virginia and Montana.
He says, the question is whether George Allen and Conrad Burns, there's Burns and Allen again,
can petition the courts and the electoral process within their states to change those outcomes?
As it stands, the Web and Tester leads are conclusive.
They will not be overtaken in the regular count.
The vote count shows that they've been elected as the new senators from their states.
Of course, Allen and Burns can spare their states the grief and hassle of a recap.
I believe those were the kind of words used against Gore in 2000,
and I haven't even gotten to the constitutional crisis.
If they gracefully accept the will of the people.
I will be consistent here and said that if the states allow for reconsent
sounds the results of the elections, they should definitely get one.
I believe in counting all the votes. We've done that already.
And Web and Tester have won, but there's little harm in double checking if state law provides for it.
But what is clear is that there are winners and loses amount of challenge that vote that is their right.
If Allen's and Burns want to choose to accept that they've lost instead,
and by graciously, I'm sure no one would argue, that would set a fine example of civility.
A whoever accused Senator McCockewitz of being civil, huh?
Wow.
But all McCockewitz is going down. What a shame.
And an interesting part of it is he was ahead all night long, right until the SN.
And he got a bit right in the SN.
172 votes on the pool.
Why don't you put on an array? Yeah, that was so sad.
Which of these do you care about most?
And that's another good reason not to take calls is because even when we had a poll like this,
that was closed, I would say we're not taking any more suggestions.
This is a limited, that's it.
This is the choice we're giving you, you know?
I got one for the poll. I am.
Those were the days.
One thing that was really simple, I got one for the poll days.
Our poll building.
And then of course we had poll building's boring.
You know, that one. Yeah.
173 votes. Which of these do you care about most?
My income 583, my six life, 255.
And George says they go hand in the gland and hand.
My health rate.
92.
I hit this pool 88, politics 48, my faith 40, the National Footballing 39, and Iraq 28.
I will say this, I don't agree with it.
Because back when I was a slipper in my early days in the market,
I was going to help a lot more action back in those days that I have been like now.
All of us were getting way more action when we were younger people.
When we were younger, that's right.
Young and hung and full of fun.
And still it takes a little bit of money.
And back in those days it did, you're right.
Because you got to corralize for a while before you can not.
You know, or whatever, you know.
Whatever the situation might be.
Speaking of a tanky spanky,
the career of a rising young Iranian actor has been left in tatters
by the widespread distribution of a private film showing her having sex.
Police are investigating the woman who has not been officially an anferace suspected breach of a ran strict morality laws
forbidding sex outside marriage.
Unmarried people who break the law are subject to punishment by lashing.
Investigators have also asked Interpol to arrest and extradite the woman's male partner who has thought to have fled Dubai.
The man is suspected of distributing the explicit film which may have been shot using a cancorder with the woman's consent.
If convicted he faces up the three years in jail and a 6,000-pound fine.
However, the biggest impact could be on his partner's hitherto burgeoning screen career.
The actresses in her mid-20s appeared destined to land more roles in TV dramas and ran small but lively film industry after her role in a popular soap opera.
But the stigma of sexual scandal mimics that unlikely.
Strigian Islamic rules include even cursory touching between men and women in Iranian productions
while foreign programs and films are rigorously censored for listed inter-gender contact.
Prohibit preclude even cursory touching.
Got it? I got it.
You look but don't touch.
Even above the bra.
Even above the low, around the side, right down there by the mass.
The incriminating film has believed to be two years old but began circulating as a DVD on some websites a few weeks ago
titillating a public star of the celebrity gossip common in the whiteroom media.
The Iranians are titillated.
It came to the attention of the morals police who are charged with enforcing Iran's Islamic laws.
The morals police. I'll ride.
Police say they've not established a motor for the film's distribution.
Teran Steve Prosecutor, Syed Murtazva, a more disavi, has ordered a special investigation.
Syed. That's what they say.
Teran's police chief, we're going to general. I'm not going to read these names.
Film reporters at the film's part.
Unclean.
Talk about Brittany again.
Yeah.
Now she cleaned up right here.
I did not see her.
I'm a little bit.
She's a once down and everything but you know.
Yeah, I know.
Tame what he used to be.
No.
But then again, what is, you know.
Scarlett's answer.
After she can start it with a, well, I don't know.
I know.
She evidently in the movie, the character that she was playing with Shurgen around.
Now, who she married to.
Is she married Scarlett's or Hanson?
She dates.
She's not married.
She dates but she's not married.
What is it?
It's the way you said that.
It was so kind of like.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Wasn't it, Josh?
She dates but she's not.
How do you know whether she dates?
What she dates?
Who she dates?
I'm stalking her.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Now when you see this movie, you'll be, you'll be watching still stalking.
I mean, we're wearing them.
One.
Both for over your head.
And you do your seasonal collins and break in the window.
It's not what I was thinking.
Oh, I remember those days.
I bet it meant the hurricane days.
Wow.
I mean, this is a tragedy when this kid could have killed them.
I mean, but never.
Now, did you notice how Kenny and Bo were like, it sounded like on the edge of a breakdown.
Did you notice that on that rejoin?
Yeah.
I was kind of think about that.
I mean, granted, although there was another story about another guy who got shot 25 and said,
it wasn't related to the shooting of the football player.
And they don't know who'd done it and he's dead and he was 25 and just got shot on the street.
And right down there in South Florida.
And I hear them talking about that because he wasn't a football player, I guess.
See, when somebody of notes, somebody who's got some kind of notoriety because they're a jocary celebrity or whatever,
when they get shot and killed, it's really a tragedy, you know what?
Well, like when Joe Smith from down the street, when he gets shot and killed or somebody that nobody ever heard of,
oh gee, that's too bad.
And where we going for lunch?
You know, stuff like that.
1196, we're going to bust through a 13.
We're going to bust way through today.
Today's a big day.
And I think that's because the audience is all whipped up and fired up because of that big election yesterday.
Don't you think that's got something to do with it?
Oh, no.
Sounds pretty good though, don't you?
Sure.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking, just like that.
And the even better news is that thanks to Duff and me, I could have said, oh no, these guys don't want that again.
Don't do that to them again.
I can have said that.
That would have been lie, first of all.
Now what about Josh, you ready for another Tuberto ice cream?
Oh yeah.
Coming Friday.
I'm ready.
Yeah.
Another rock and roll.
Duff came in and said that our good friends from Jackson's in the Dania want to bring in some more ice cream.
And also the weenie man is coming back with those footlong premium malbite hot dogs.
So make some room.
Sit on the dumper for a few hours tomorrow, tomorrow we're in Thursday.
And then by Friday morning you'll be ready to open up a big vacant spot to fill with them premium weeners.
And of course, tubs and tubs are fantastic.
Jackson's ice cream with all that goopy stuff on it.
Hot fudge and butter scotch.
Hmm.
See, I'm making a difference.
Now it does make a difference because it's Wednesday.
Oh, I understand.
I have no eating plan.
I have no eating in my future.
Of course I get really lucky early and win like a big, I get a good machine mod.
I was thinking I really ought to play the mega box even though it's a sucker game because they're all connected and all the different consumers.
But the jackpot on that thing, the progressive is 2.6 million.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
There's a lot of you playing machine where the most you could win on is 166,000.
That's almost never going to happen anyway.
And when you can play one where again, it may never happen, but at least you're shooting for something for rear.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, 2.6 million?
Yeah.
And again, just like with that lob of night, I'd send you guys a little something.
You're all your sweet.
But we know that.
In fact, I figured what I was going to do is I would send a check to a chicken neck and then let him to be it up among you three guys.
Whatever way he sees things.
I'm a fidget named.
So best challenge to the business.
The wheel Roger.
He's the one who will win like 60.
The wheel Roger.
This is Larry King and they don't come any better than the wheel Roger.
I'm a little cheese kid.
It's making me sick.
I want to go folks up with a mom.
The check in the CDs.
No, they never say praise.
Just waiting for the other bird special to come.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
I'm dying on the air.
But they know it's their own damn fault.
The Southern India.
They get the early bird out down.
And pushing just as hard as they can.
And once they are sealed, they get overheated.
And start stuffing rolls and sweeten them and then.
Oh, right.
Wasting away again and going home.
Looking for that long lost power of you.
And how many say that it's the full of truth is a day.
But for some, and then mind the blues.
The old folks don't know the reason.
But that thing is crazy.
The muscles they cannot eat just don't fit.
And what does it matter when they call up me and shout out?
I hate you leaving never listen to your show.
But wasting away again and going all hard to do.
Just a bottle of metal, usually on a radio.
And how they'll train that it's a job close to playing.
But should you put in your notes?
They can't wait for his show.
And how they'll train that it's a job close to playing.
Oh, they know.
They just can't wait for his show.
And I might have the blues, man.
Or is it will live in into me in a hell of a bill for decades?
What if Sunny Rosenberg did yet?
A sunny up yours.
Come 131 votes on the pool.
That's pretty impressive.
If he asks me, we're going to do 14 today.
14 votes.
That's how many kinky Friedman got.
14?
Kinky Friedman ended his unlikely and politically incorrect run for Texas.
Governor were the tip of his black cowboy hat.
When he had Texas, a choice that appears she didn't really embrace it.
Friedman told supporters last night.
After his independent effort to one seat, Republican incumbent Governor Rick Perry failed it.
The 62-year-old author and entertainer and Everler officially conceded, but it nods the long-awd
he faced against Perry, Democrat Chris Bell, and Carol Keaton-Strayhorn, the Republican
state controller who ran as an independent.
All of them finished ahead of Kinky.
We were up against three very professional machines, he said.
They made it difficult from the beginning.
We were gypsies on a pirate ship.
When these machines crank up, they're very hard to stop.
They're like the ones it would buy when they cranky.
They're hard to stop.
Those machines.
Friedman hoped to reprise Jesse Ventura's surprise Minnesota victory eight years ago.
He used a number of Ventura's campaign officials and brought the former pro-wrestler to Texas to campaign with him.
He also listed a number of his friends in entertainment.
Jimmy Buffett will inelten in Lyle, I love it, to raise money for him, but it wasn't enough.
We had no money, he said we had nothing but musicians, bututations, and amateurs in our campaign.
Friedman, who wrote books like Kill Two Birds and Get Stone, and songs like They Ain't Making Jews Like Jesus anymore, couldn't over-I love that.
They ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Couldn't overcome the financial and logistical crowd of the two major parties, which he compared to the Cripson Blood Street gangs.
One of the problems with the two parties says, and Mr. Dice gives us the two best choices he said last night, we get texted to choice this time.
No, no thanks, Kinky.
To even get on the ballot, Friedman had two months of unit collect signatures of at least 45,000 plus voters who didn't vote in the March primary, although he turned in nearly four times that number.
To raise money, he sold t-shirts and gimme caps, they told a foot-tall Kinky Friedman talking action figure, and bumper stickers touting Kinky for Governor White of Hell Not.
As the campaign heated, Friedman stumbled, wrong criticism for referring to Katrina refugees in Houston, many of them black as crackheads and thugs responsible for a jumping crime in the state's larger city.
His attitude toward race took another hit when audio tape surfaced for more than two decades old comedy, but in which he made racially charged remarks.
Friedman explained it this satire, but civil rights leaders know this were offended.
I think that hurt, as he said, I think that was an effective Schmier campaign.
He needed to move beyond funny one-liders and take a more serious approach to the issues at Thomas Myers, a political science university at Professor at Baylor.
What do I say, a political science professor at Baylor?
But that wasn't Friedman, who even last night began his final remarks at Schultz-Garten, a Austin Beer Hall crammed the 700-Cubboy-Hat and Jeans-Waring supporters with a joke denying he had sex with the male masseuse.
I don't think the average voter in Texas considered him to be a serious contender. No.
But if he wasn't Friedman's first 20 years ago, he lost a bit for the justice of peace in Curaville, not far from his ranch where he was organized a rescue group for animals and was parents for years when a summer camp for kids.
How does, you know, Green's Back memories of Al Goldstein, doesn't it?
Yes, it does.
Who's always running for share or from running for this and running for his life.
And of course, he couldn't run too fast.
I'm a fat Jew for our blood.
I've actually run a lot faster now, especially the Bill Collector's come to see him.
Whatever happened now. Do we ever find any traces of him?
We hear reports, but I haven't in a long time.
Like what? What reports do we hear?
It was a big war waiting.
It was getting better.
He was, you know, lost some weight and got out of it and all these things.
Look at that. We got one, two, three, four again today. That's two days newer. We got one, two, three, four. That's a good old man, man.
That's a really good old man.
I have no idea why, but 134 votes.
Even George can't believe that.
Unbelievable.
Although someone's did change the employee yesterday in a very timely fashion.
Absolutely.
Yeah, some of us like me, like yours truly, like we've ended up old and fat as I am.
Hey, listen, I don't really care. You know that.
If I cared, I would have chewed your ass and ugly piece on it.
I still feel like I am.
I'm sure.
Only two, three, six, like I said, 236 votes.
Why don't you put on there on my family and my dog and my canary and my bird?
Oh, boy.
You know, I just don't understand it.
There's so many things, but you know, don't ask any questions.
Just take the paycheck on payday and enjoy life. That's my best of you.
That's my advice.
That's Father Neal passing along some good, fatherly advice.
Just take your money and have a great time.
And don't be spreading too much of it.
Don't be building a whole bunch of it up to leave so much of scronges.
I want to glam onto it when you croak, that's what George says.
Does that what you're always telling me?
All the time.
Spending and have a great time.
Go to one by loose 50, 100,000 staff noon and have a halber good time day.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
This is the halber here.
You have the four great people.
You have my 60, 8 AM.
Guys, fucking blow.
But you know, baby, Madonna, you are born to fame.
Text me one who may not to say your whole name.
Baby, Madonna, let the best of men.
Have you met your uncle Sean and Barbara yet?
But talk about it to be there when you wake up.
The post-chooled man wire us people and the sun.
When they see a mother with a makeup, see how they run.
Your mom is Madonna.
She's made a blade.
So how she ever could get you the best man?
13 to 25, 60, nobody came.
Dr. Steve has some bad information.
The dolphins in Kansas City Chiefs is a home game, Mr. Well, I have the team right.
And the jets are playing the Patriots in Fossboro on Sunday.
And the bucks play Monday night at Carolina.
Are you a friend?
Nothing to be fired and they can beat again by Carolina, the bucks.
That's Josh's team, the bucks.
And he wants everybody to know what they suck and he's embarrassed but who cares?
This childish business about well, my team is better nearer team.
That's for guys who will like to compare a weaning length in a locker room stuff like that.
Or out in the public parks, wherever they're just comparing.
Childish.
I'm a lot of people awfully childish.
A lot.
157 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read that pool too much because then it's childish.
Don't be childish, Neil.
Don't be childish.
Be sure, but don't be childish.
Girl, open.
Jewish.
Openly gay candidates in one of the record numbers and the gay and lesbian victory fund celebrated
its unprecedented success and a press release obtained by Ross Sturry.
And it was really raw.
By the way, they're already saying that they're going to appeal for the recount in Virginia.
But I don't know because I just read a story on Ross Sturry that says that they can't do it until like 10 days after the election.
Whatever, I don't know.
It's going to be a long slip.
Reconvict those Virginia votes.
And then of course a bunch of dead people will come out all of the voting from a cockawitz.
Anyway, getting back to this story if we please can.
67 victory-induced candidates were elected to federal state and local offices with some winning historic races that make them the first openly gay or lesbian candidates ever elected in their states of legislative bodies, the political action committee declared.
And this is even without counting Miss Christ.
Miss Silicristh, very deep in the clouds of thanks to the MSM, the so-called mainstream media.
Chuck Wolf, CEO for the Victory Fund, called the tipping point election for openly gay candidates.
We're proving that qualified well-prepared candidates, matched with committed donors, means gay and lesbian can move from having a stake in policy to actually making policy, will set them a press release.
There's no reason to sit on the sidelines with our fingers crossed or our legs either anymore for that matter.
Patricia Todd will represent District 54 in the Alabama State House.
She's the first openly gay person ever elected to any office in that state.
Kathy Webb will represent District 37 in the Arkansas State House.
The first openly gay person ever elected to any office in Arkansas.
Henry Fernandez will want to sit on the Lawrence Township School Board, makes him the first openly gay person ever elected to any office in Indiana.
Al McCaffrey will represent District 8 in the Oklahoma State House.
Wow, is the first openly gay person ever elected to Oklahoma State Legislature?
Jolly Justice or Jolly Justice?
Isn't that what we had yesterday on election day?
We had some Jolly Dollars gokers.
Jolly Justice will represent District 10 in Missouri State Senate.
Jolly is the first openly gay state senator in Missouri history.
Ed Murray will represent District 43 in the Washington State Senate.
Murray, former state representative, is the first openly gay state senator in Washington history.
Matt McCoy becomes the first openly gay candidate ever elected to the Iowa Legislature.
He's a sitting state senator, came out during his last term.
Hey Charlie, come out, come out, wherever you are governor-elect, you foany-fag.
Can't teach you the one to sit on the Howard County Commission for it,
or beating in a pointy of governor-Jab Bush?
How do you like that? You go, Ken. You go, girl.
Jamie Peterson becomes the third consecutive openly gay person elected to District 43 in the Washington State House.
And Judge Virginia Lindair will join Reeves Kisler on the Oregon Supreme Court,
making it the first state ever to have two openly gay Supreme Court justices recorded from the other results.
How do you like that?
The public was striking back with the vengeance, pissed off, and fired up, man.
They've had it.
Even a third of the Getskies, a third of the evangelicals voted for Democrats yesterday.
That is shocking.
I wonder who it may be partly responsible for that.
Come and listen to us, or we better paint your name today.
Yeah, and maybe Miss Foyer might have something to do with that too.
Nice go on Mark.
X marks the spot right on the pages, ask.
Come on, Mississippi to be votes, man. We have got a real serious shot at 14 today, don't you think?
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
What do you care? I don't.
If you don't say that, pretend that you care if you won't live for me, then I'm not going to get to that ice cream on Friday.
I'll have muffler cancel it.
All you'll have to do better than that.
What do you mean by that?
Barters Threats Go.
Jackson's is like five blocks from my house.
Yeah, like that chance you're going there, right?
And having to pay for it?
I don't need to be eating the ice cream as delicious and delectable as it is, as you know.
Son of the, do you know why not?
How about you, Josh?
Josh, I believe what you don't need to do.
All right, yeah, I'll take all the extra tips.
You see any free on this, sir?
He's going to want to stare from coolers, you know, one of those.
Yeah, he's going to take home all of you own eat.
Tubs of it.
Tubs in tubs of ice cream.
Well, he's getting tubby anyway.
That's what I'm hearing.
Josh? Yeah.
Bigger than a house.
Well, he wants to be the Humper when he grows up.
Oh, why did you tell Hank yesterday that I'm worried about him and I wish he would lose an ounce?
No, I didn't see him.
I'm a good one to talk, man.
If I told you what I weighed on this, you would puke up yesterday's breakfast.
I'm telling that right now.
That is better spendin' that money.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That's right.
I could put away like 50 bucks for all my good folks' friends.
Good night, like yeah, a reasonable amount and then just spend the rest of what I got.
Blow it all.
Have a good time.
Israel will not target Iran's nuclear facilities, which the Jewish states is, are used to secretly
develop an atomic bomb.
A senior US official says.
Israel will not target Iran's nuclear facilities because of the said this is a problem with the entire world.
The official told AFP.
Israel understands the only way to defuse the nuclear crisis is through diplomatic channels.
Prime Minister A. Hood Olmert, who's crazy than a bed bug, will meet George W. Bush, who we already know, is much crazier than a bed bug.
And Washington, next week for talks, which are expected to focus on Iran's controversial nuclear programming.
Israel widely considered the Middle East soul of undeclared nuclear weapons power, considers Iran its chief foe pointed calls from President Mahmoud Ahmed-Energad to wipe the Jewish state off the map and wipe their butt.
Iran denies it's seeking to develop an atomic weapon.
The nuclear program is proving to generate electricity.
That's right. For your father, for your father, Iranians, they're all worried about the soap opera stars.
She was doing it. She was touching a guy.
Oh, it's just amazing.
You know something everybody's entangled in their own superstitions and their own hocus, pocuses, leave people alone.
Go sit around making fun of people just because they're stupid, neck-like barbarians.
Right?
Why not?
I'm being sarcastic. I'm going to go look when you want.
I know. I know.
I said these people are workers.
No.
He jobs in workers.
Oh my God. There's so many of them here.
You've got all of it. All of it. All the heck here.
Terbans, beanies, propeller beanies.
Yeah.
Pointy hats.
How about like that nice cowboy hat that the senator Makaka, which wears?
Uh-huh.
He's sportin' one, man.
No, I'm confused. That's Harold Ford Jr. He's sportin' one.
Yeah, Kinky Friedenworth's one, too.
Which of these do you care about the most we ask today?
And this is a limited, you know, just a few of these disconnected things here, okay?
Just probin'.
1273.
My income, 614.
48 almost half of the people are more concerned about their income than anything else.
That's on this poll.
I'm sure they care about their family and their loved ones and their pet dog.
Yeah, kitty cat.
Yeah, sure.
My six life, 274.
My health, 126.
You notice how my health has gone zooming up?
I forgot it yesterday.
It was my oversight, my bad.
And one of the first things I said to George this morning besides dumbass was,
better put my health on there, remember that?
So I put your health right on there.
And he put my health on there.
And my health is important 126 people out there.
It's also important to Joe Bell, who was probin' this morning.
Was he?
About 400-year extension of my deal.
Don't worry, Joe, I'm not going anywhere, okay?
As long as you're willing to send those big checks.
Just keep sending other checks.
I like it.
Because it gives me the luxury of going out there to buy them, plunge them like that.
Like that, I told you I found out about the ratings.
I got the email from my close friend Clarence.
Oh, and you guys were number one during the summer.
And I'm sitting there at the machine.
All of a sudden there was no pressure no more.
And I could've lost my ass that day.
And still I had that nice big bonus coming to more than cover it.
Right.
It's like winning with a machine you didn't even put any money in.
Right, that's correct.
It's like the one you're not getting one off.
I'll come back.
I hate this pool.
I hate George.
I hate this pool 93.
7.2% politics 50.
My faith 45.
Oh, the Lord is worth that.
The Lord, my Lord and Savior and all this other crap.
The God, Voshmit.
The National Football League 42, which I said is a religion under its own.
And Iraq only 29.
I mean, I'm not saying they don't care about Iraq, but it's like not high end their floating pool.
227 D195 are in the house as of the moment.
But that's the leaves.
So that's like a 32 seat edge for the Democrats right now.
I think there's still a few too close to call.
What is that?
I don't know.
227 and one man.
I don't know.
What did he do that?
No, it's come on now.
It's 422.
So there's like 13 still out.
Out of 435.
Listen, you know every one of these people members are kind of raised by name, shoe size.
You know them all.
That's right.
Oh, there's there was a grotesque judge Scalia on there.
I mean, you went duck hunting with Cheney yesterday.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for John Kay.
Thank you.
What a world.
Make no mistake.
This president is someone who walks into a singles bar and says,
Hi, do I come here often?
Watch with that many hastards.
You know, hastard is so fat.
Here's so fat, he asked crispy cream to come out with a drinkable donut because he's too lazy to chew.
He is so fat, he only has a few more pounds to go before he can get the automatic doors at Walmart to open.
The Republicans have always been in favor of global warming.
Once they found out a hybrid hooker goes much further than a regular hooker.
They say in the next election there'll be a one president, Hillary or Condred.
You know who will win that election.
Pat Paulson in a landslide.
Thank you.
Good night.
See a panic or what?
Scary.
Call to a 560 WQM which are big noon to 1 hour.
Call 190 votes on the pool man.
And there's that Nancy Pelosi.
She's all over the place today man.
She's got her gavillette.
He's going to bang some ass.
Well, she is from San Francisco.
At any rate, so Montana looks like it's winding a little bit with us.
Final trick will come in.
It looks like burns is like a little bit further behind than he was.
And he said it burns.
So if we can count that one pretty safe.
Yeah.
So that makes 50 if he counts it to independence.
15 Democrats.
So the worst it could be even if Virginia got overturned which I doubt.
But if it did, if they make up a bunch of only absentee ballots for a macockowicz,
then we'll be finished.
And then you got Dick Cheney.
He'll be deciding vote.
What a grotesque thought that is.
So let's like I said, hope that macockowicz stays in behind.
Here's a fashion question right now.
It's RJ Escal and a smirking chimney.
I think Republican who masterminded those deceptive pre-election phone calls in Virginia is a winter
or an autumn.
That could determine whether he goes with the blue jumpsuit or the orange one.
There are some good signs on the democracy protection front.
Democrats appear to be getting over their timidity about electoral fraud issues.
As Nancy Pelosi leads the rhetorical charge to make sure that there's an honest count.
My main fear has been that satisfaction over democratic victory might lead to indifference about the GOP's
systematic subversion of democracy.
Hopefully, that won't be the case.
Move on.org is offering 250 grand for a new material evidence leading to a felony conviction
for an organized effort to partisan voter suppression or electronic voting fraud.
Prediction to the GOP will hire private detectives to scour the country for any sign of democratic fraud.
And when they don't find anything, they'll gin up a phony conservative outrage or two.
You know, a voter named Mickey Mouse or something like that.
Oh, I know Mickey.
It won't matter if they do the public as wise that the attrition is fed up.
The new Congress will hopefully press the matter, even if much of the mainstream media can't bring itself to acknowledge the widespread use of harassing robocalls by Republicans as a vote suppression tactic.
Guess what? It looks like there'll be some indictments on the phones to have a touch front.
The FBI is already looking into it in Virginia.
It says, thump, thump, thump.
Yeah, that's what says here.
After the NMISO.
This one could catch up with the GOP too, inaccurate sample ballots describing Republican governor Robert Erlich Jr.
and Senate candidate Michael Estil as Democrats were handed out to voters in least four polling sites in Prince George's County yesterday morning.
Low-income people were brought in from nearby states to hand out these misleading documents.
I hope somebody's got the license numbers of the vehicles that brought them since they're so good likely that they were used in the commission of a felony.
The perps in these various acts have seriously misread the public mood.
Neither the general public nor the Congress are elected to forgive and forget the ongoing theft of democracy.
The way they did in 2000 and 2004, no matter what the puns try telling them to think.
The trickle of indictments that followed the O4 outrageous may well become a flood this time around.
There's one reason why the FBI is jumping out of the Virginia case.
They know that a slow response is going to bring heat from Capitol Hill.
In other ways, while the acting may well be the simple fact that they respected rule of law and the primacy of the Constitution.
They're going to fight the law but the law is going to win.
Oh, I bet you got that. I fought the law by Bobby Fuller for.
Sure. Coming right up.
Oh, man. That was a member of this match. They're the one who have wonder.
Although I think they had, they didn't have something else.
I'll check it out. Fuller brush man, something like that.
I think they did. Let me look at my book.
Oh, there it is. On an orange label, some obscure label.
What have you got? No, it just stopped.
Oh, damn, computer.
It's George again.
This is Lillian Tickler.
I created a game where I was saying that I was going to be a cop.
That's it.
I'm going to be a cop.
I'm going to be a cop.
I'm going to be a cop.
Okay. So we need Bobby Fuller 4.
Born on October 22nd, 43 in Baytown, Texas.
Diad mysteriously of a spictiation in Los Angeles on 7, 1866.
The age is 22.
Rock singer guitarist Bobby Fuller. His group include his brother Randy.
He played the bass, Jim Reed, Jim Reed's guitar, and Dwayne Quirico on drums.
Quirico.
Oh.
I fought the law, reached number nine on the chart, was on the chart for eight weeks.
Loves made a fool of you, was there other chart reaching written by Buddy High as a matter of fact.
Mustang was the label. Mustang records.
But they didn't have no other hit. That was at one hit wonder.
And then he died all of a sudden mysteriously from a spictiation or something like that. Somebody fictitious asked.
Anyway, can I get back to this? They've gone a fight.
The law, but the law is going to win. It says here.
Contestantes and technical witches are sweeping the country as a result of Republican led voting machines.
Once the evil doers are all behind bars, the next step will be to roll back the legalized disenfranchement of the primarily poor minority voters done in the name of voter fraud.
Despite the fact that the government couldn't find any significant evidence of individuals without ID voting fraudulently, the GOP is led the chart to require ID at the polling place.
Since drivers licenses are the primary form of ID, that effectively disenfranchises many of the working poor who don't drive and don't have the time of wanting to get alternative forms of ID.
In a comically pleasing twilight zone is twist. At least two GOP lawmakers are difficulty voting as a result of these requirements.
And this story is more Stephen King than twilight zone, but that's just because of the protagonist identity.
I live in California. I forgot my wallet while I went to vote surprise. No problem. No evidence of voter fraud in my state, he says.
Let's hope the new Democratic Congress barring some on-forcing coup makes the preservation of our Democratic rights a major initiative.
Anything less than that would be an abandonment of our fundamental rights and liberties. And now for the nostalgia of us among you, we offer today's installment of Great Moments in Republican History.
A quote.
I'm John Bolton. I'm from the Bush Cheney Campaign and I'm here to stop the vote counting. Said the poll workers counting ballots in Florida in 2000.
How do you like that? I'm here not to count the vote. I'm here to stop the count.
If you would, Renfield said to anyone, does not count. No, he liked the count.
1300 and three votes and it's only trouble nine. Man, oh man. We're off to some kind of cataclysmic unbelievable thing coming. You know what?
Mm-hmm.
I had you shut off there. Oh, that's right.
I think that was a Freudian slip. You could just be calling you a fat bag.
Oh, you said that. Okay. I thought you're not. I was the other day. That was all the area.
Well, one thing about the Israelis, they give you a little piece of reassuring news even though we don't believe it.
And then all of a sudden you find out Israeli artillery shells killed 18 civilians in the town in northern Gaza today.
The devil is striking the territory and four years of Palestinian officials in witnesses said.
We saw legs. We saw heads. We saw hands scattered in the street said a top.
How my 22 in Beethoven, a town of the northern Gaza strip that's been a launching ground for Palestinian militants rocket attacks on Israel.
The strike through a condemnation across Europe and the Middle East today with European Union expressing profound shock and international Muslim group calling it a war crime.
His very defense minister, Amir Peretz ordered an investigation and a halt to shelling in Gaza until it's completion. The prime minister's order for said some of that they were killed in bed.
A shell struck seven houses others rushed outside finding no safety.
13 members of Waterston family were killed and the dead included seven children and four women residents and the Palestinian health ministry said.
Palestinian president, Mosque, would have asked to describe the killings as a horrible and ugly massacre and told a news conference that while he condemned rocket attacks on Israel, they didn't justify such harsh military action.
Are you cracking and then knuckles again? No, I'm not. Knuckles Rodriguez on the other end. I'm sorting a big stack of taxes. I'm going to send you a big stack. Yeah, well, the machine had run out of paper. Yeah, so as soon as I put the paper back in a whole bunch of received out.
Oh, no, anything interesting. We're nothing. Not a one of them. I know you talk a couple things here. Yeah, I'm you inform a new. I'll let you sit.
If you create provocative, maybe this is directly funny. Maybe come now. Anyway, so that's so what's going on with the the guest keys again in the Middle East.
The Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews and the ragheads and the murder.
Yes, goes on. You know, most people just like the thing with the election yesterday. I know there are a lot of pissed off people. We had a big turnout. But most people they just want to live their lives. Just leave me alone and don't kill anybody. That's all. Just leave us all alone for Christ's sake.
Throw us a few bucks, few bones, some ice cream.
Well, I speak of that. National Delhi product presents the first annual big dog eating contest at Jackson's ice cream on November 18th of 8 p.m.
Featuring Fort Long, premium all beef big dogs, National Delhi.
So to bring some of them, we years Friday and hold tubs and tubs of that great Jackson's ice cream.
Which like you said, you need like a lot of them. I never less you'll eat it. I mean, you don't need it. But you'll eat it. Like me to tubs it like me. I'm a tub.
Not like the Humper though, but you know, who the hell might have talked. I'm a Spanish account. I'm sitting here. Well, I'm not I'm not like, you know, pick it on him. I just wish he'd lose an ounce.
It was a little something. Okay, here's the first of these great facts is coming through. Oh, and that thing is puking out. Although I don't have to worry about running out of paper.
Gary says in regard to hacking democracies and subject. Gary says I'm a lawyer. Listen, he's followed you for years. I've never called but facts from time to time. You're the best happy related birthday and surely don't retire.
I'm never retiring. Gary. I need to catch to lead to a bunch of. I'm sure you've seen this before, but I was child serving after following election results when I came across hacking democracy. Like most people I never realized the corruption under handedness that goes on in elections.
While watching man of the year with Robert Williams, I realized it was out there. But until I saw hacking democracy, did it hold me elections of 2000 2004. We're still already under our noses. I've been telling you that for four years, Gary.
We need to wake up and outlet these electronic companies take the elections out of the hands of the electorate. It's easy pickings for those who have the money and the desire to see elected. That's what Gary says. Good point, Gary. And cut the crap.
What do you send in me here, man? What do you sold to me? I could crap it a little bit because I'm going to break the savory break and sit through it.
Jesus Christ. The Honest of the Love and Audience.
Jesus. The Arrogance. For 20,000,000 60,000.
And I love to watch mobs and butts and biting.
Absolutely. I supported Bush after that project and too much surprise this question.
He met the soldiers and been made in a way and shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein.
We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
What's going on with this guy? We're not the one to watch out for the catch up.
It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work.
It's hard work. I see on the TV screen, see how hard it is.
I've always been being on a press conference at one o'clock today or some kind of a speech or something like,
oh yeah, and we lost and let me shake your hand and whatever.
Here's a letter to the editor and the Miami hero that somebody faxed and made these 80,000 faxes.
And you said, I'll go through every single letter by the way. All these faxes.
That's good. That's about half of the ones that came in. Really? Yeah, through the other half of the way.
Well, when the hell did these come in all since yesterday? No, like right now.
In the past half hour or however long it was. Realizing the machine was out of paper.
Holy moly rat man. Anyway, Jeff Hower and Miami writes to the hero.
He says, 10 Hagrid has been forced to expose publicly something that many people would consider personal.
I think most people, homosexual or heterosexual, pity him and his family and sympathize with their struggle.
Oh, oh. But do we really think that Hagrid is alone?
Religion has encouraged people who lie to themselves now. There's about their sexuality.
From the time they were children, somehow it seems depressing that someone such as Hagrid was undoubtedly done a lot of good in his life.
Had to come to this before he was able to honestly confront himself.
There's only sadness here, writes Jeff. He didn't confront anything.
The fact is that he was outed by this hustler and that's what it boiled down to.
Plus the hustler had the tapes.
Yeah, I feel sorry, I'll write a few sorry for all the suckers that keep subsidizing these fony balonies, all these hustlers.
These peddlers are bull crap. But nevertheless.
Joan Fleischmann and the hero writes, oh, she's still alive, huh, Joni?
G-Stream Fridays in a mountain on a medical center operating room question mark.
Sherry Hayes and Sherida Robinson, the student interns at Sinai from Burry University's cardio vacuator perfusion program say heart surgeon Dr.
Rogerio Cadeo tried to coach them to drop their scrubs and show their G-Strings.
According to a date County lawsuit, perfusion is something to run heart long machines.
You can get sued for that now.
Hayes 35 says Cadeo prided women in the OR to show their undies during an October 3rd bypass surgery.
Hayes wrote down the observation of this unprofessional conduct in her clinical observation report and told her very instructive says the lawsuit filed by attorney Scott Verren.
Robinson 27 says Cadeo badgered there. I wonder if he's kind to Leo Cadeo, the Cisco kid.
Was he the Cisco kid or was Leo Cadeo his sidekick?
Are you talking about sports again?
The Cisco kid, what is wrong with you, man?
You never saw the poncho and Cisco on TV?
Get out of here. We know of a Cisco kid or the solace is go kid by war.
Robinson 27 says Cadeo badgered her and is showing him her panties during a June 04 surgery.
Cadeo pulled down his pants and continued to tell Robinson until she finally gave in.
Robinson also says perfuting his paid rotogies made vulgar and lube propositions and once attempted to pull her panties down for Cadeo.
G-String Fridays, and you're full of crap because we've talked about the Cisco kid many times in a pant.
I think I've heard the name of course as a good idea.
Yeah, that in here.
I'm never seen.
Where do you miss, go kid?
Go go to the vet.
Why?
Because you'll see it.
You'll see the pictures and say, oh yeah, there's Cisco and poncho and whatever.
Believe me, trust me.
You Google it and you'll be all over like Stink on Greg.
G-String Fridays continued in the 2005 with Cadeo saying, come on ladies, you know what day it is.
The String Competition haze alleges to refuse to go along and was reprimanded on several of her grade sheet reports.
Cadeo 48 says he doesn't remember the women or G-String Fridays, but it's routine to try to de-stress operating in personnel he says.
De-stress rhymes with undress.
We do so many jokes in L.R. we tease in the O.R. for relaxation that does recall competition of the color of scrubs, perhaps the students misinterpreted, or there may be some people disgruntled with their grave, although he doesn't evaluate those students.
Both of them graduated made to the May O-5.
Robinson now works in a pharmaceutical company lab, Hayes moved upstate, says co-console Anthony Russo, Jr.
Mount Sinai spoke to him in Kathleen Dorckowski says the hospital learned some inappropriate behavior last year and took immediate and deliberate action.
We've addressed this issue with Dr. Cadeo and stopped it.
Our culture is one of caring and respect and we don't condone anything that doesn't support these values.
She may say in Kathleen, the Dorckowski.
Very spokesman Michael Laderman says the university is not aware of the suit.
Circuit Judge Jose Rodriguez is the case.
All right.
What are your people know about? All of it ends in an S.
Sure. That's daddy's name.
Oh, it ends with an S.
With an S.
Baker.
1338 votes on the pool and we got to get to what?
14, I mean, oh my God.
We should have probably aimed for 15 when you think Josh, 15, old Dean.
I'll do it.
No. 14.
14 times good.
Let's not overshoot.
You know what I'm saying?
Let's not shoot for the scabby like if the Democrats wanted to win every election yesterday.
We're just looking for a little bit too much.
They should be real satisfied with what they got.
Especially with what they're offering.
When you think?
Yes.
What are they offering?
I was speaking to the Democrats.
Son of Senator Bill Noth.
Son of Sam.
Son of Senator Bill Noth and Pepper sprayed an arrested in Orlando.
Dad gets re-elected.
Son gets drunk allegedly.
Son picks his fight with cops allegedly.
That's why Orlando police say US Senator Bill Nothin's namesake Charles William Nelson.
I wonder if he's going to Charles Raleigh or Nelson Raleigh?
Spent three hours of election end in the Orange County jail.
The Senator's 30-year-old son was charged earlier today with this early intoxication, pushing a police officer in resisting arrest in downtown Orlando.
Police doused him with pepper spray before they could handcuff him.
The fracas began about 2.45 a.m. outside the embassy suite, so it's held on Pine Street, where Senator Nelson held his victory party after defeating Republican challenger,
Catherine Harris, by a margin of 60 to 38.
Oh, a very nice Catherine, tight one.
And the election too.
There was a report of a fight when police arrived the angry Nelson's companion, Kimberly Baxter, appeared to be passed out and slumped over on a corner of Pine Street Magnolia Avenue.
It was apparent that the defendant, Charles William Nelson, was not capable of making an informed decision concerning Ms. Baxter's medical condition, the officer wrote, describing Nelson as reeking of booze,
slurring his speech, unable to stand upright.
Well, he sounded like a brother, and daddy's winning, ain't it?
Sure.
If it's good enough for a jibby and his family, it's good enough for the Nelson clan, who quite frankly are very boring anyway.
When the officer waited a headquarters for an ambulance, the Senator sent him to pick up and then dragged Baxter's body across the sidewalk into the hotel.
He was trying to schlepper into the hotel, told by the officer to put Baxter down.
The Senator's son dropped her on the sidewalk, her head came within about two inches, striking the middle base of a traffic control signal.
The officer then told the Senator's son to leave the area.
Charles William Nelson responded the report said, by shoving the officer, saying, no, you need to leave.
In the moments that followed, the police officer performed a tankic on the defendant, coming to Rosé, face paint, plant, face plant, in which the 200 pound 5.9 suspect was forced to the ground the report shows.
However, the Senator's son ruled on his back, continued to frame the officer while the crowd gathered and began shouting.
I called for emergency assistance. He offered to deploy a two to three second burst of pepper spray to his face, then defend a rule over on the stomach and hand-cuffed him.
Pepper spray, I wonder if it was clod pepper spray.
It burns.
Baxter's condition could not be learned this morning. The Senator's son was released from jail after posting bail of $1,000 on the fill in charge of battery on law enforcement officer, $100 on a charge of his total intoxication, and $100 on resisting arrest without violence.
I wonder like that.
Bill Nelson, who are Rio, very low-key, quiet, almost coma-inducing individual.
Let me see my coma toast to you. He's very born, very wooden-y.
Wow, wouldn't you know it.
But his son is making up for it though. He's just a wild child.
Just a little bit too much exuberance in the celebration.
26 past noon at 5.60 W.A.M. Mad Dog coming up into a clunt.
1342 votes on a poll. I think we got the 14 licked.
4, we got 14 licked. That's what the Miss Follies said.
Only 14.
He said, with 14 licked. Start licked him.
Let me tell you about Black Conses, man. I have no foreskin.
Well, congratulations. Get a life.
Oh, I don't know where it is a battle now. Why are there little voices over there?
They know it is.
Toothpies, hearts, titles, meadows, title, they just rub me the wrong way.
And my son, the desert licked him. Every speech of love regains its sense of the news.
Hillary hates you.
We're new boys.
Newly hatred for the whole substance. People's mouths are all six.
And the news.
Hillary hates you.
You won't catch your life in a moron.
Gachi must have a wonderful war.
One cheese sticks out of the crotch.
Good cubes, a good graphite.
It's in the news.
Spoilful.
Hillary hates you.
Some 32 votes, she kicks him.
Big fat smelly ass in New York yesterday, imagine one by like Koshy.
Almost 70% of the vote, I believe.
And Jordan is still unimpressed.
Oh no, I'm impressed. I'm scared. Very scared.
Be afraid.
I have. Be a fine.
Bob Geiger writes, Senate results are the harshest slap at Bush to which we say.
Oh right.
Good.
Jane Hankshier says it best as a fire dog lake this morning as she weighs in with his gym.
The most powerful woman in US history, two words guaranteed to reduce any wing meant to a puddle of pee, speaker Pelosi.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has a nice ring to it as well.
And while the stunning Democratic takeover of the House of Representatives is absolutely huge.
Absolutely.
The biggest repudiation of George W. Boise, Dick Cheney, Carl Rowe, and their whole corrupt sick agenda is what will be a glorious 51 to 49 Democratic Majority in the Senate.
Simply looking at nominations made by the executive branch illustrates the enormity of the filtering mechanism that the Senate is supposed to represent how things will change.
Now that Congress is upper chamber will no longer simply take everything coming out of the White House and allow it to pass like a hot knife through butter.
The incredibly ill advised department of John Bolton to be America's chief diplomat at the UN would have been killed quickly with the Democratic Majority instead of being blocked by filibuster, which ultimately the Bush defined Congress and installing Bolton a recess appointment.
On the US Supreme Court, senior associate Justice John Paul Stevens is 86 raising likelihood that Bush assuming he's not impeached would be in the position of appointing yet another alpha conservative judge to replace the liberal Indian Stevens.
How is that for a thought to make you lose your lunch?
The Democrats controlling the Senate Judiciary Committee on the progress of any Supreme Court nominee to be forward the Senate and 51 Democrats awaiting any Bush pick if he or she should reach a full vote.
Bush will be neutered in any attempt to push the high court even farther to the right.
This also applies to federal judges, which receive a fraction as much attention as the Supreme Court nominees, but also directly impact the quality and character of the American legal system.
Democrats will also control committees which runs a huge spotlight on the Senate and the Senate and the Senate and the Senate and the Senate and particularly with the exception of Democrats, the West Fine Gold or Wisconsin, raising hell on a regular basis and spent the majority of the last two years asleep at the switch and turning a blind eye to Bush and training doing Constitution, and trusting things like spying on Americans without required warrants.
With sleepy Pat Roberts at the helm, the Intelligence Committee is decided that an overwhelming body of evidence that Americans were lied to in the Iraq war wasn't worth even talking about and that taking seriously the recommendation of the Ryan Lovyn Commission might interfere with the Committee members daily golf date at the Neocon Country Club.
With Democratic winds by Jim Webb and John Tester and Virginia Montana and watch for the GOP election steaming mechanism to kick in a high gear on those victories, the Senate can awaken from its long Republican slumber and actually begin paying attention to the nonsense coming out of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Wow, advice and consent oversight. How are those for some wild concepts? It says.
Wild concepts, maybe, express it in the area of the Neophagists.
1366 on a poll. I think we ought to shoot for 15. Don't you? You can do it.
Let's shoot for 15 minutes.
Chuck and West Palm says, happy birthday. Well, thank you Chuck, better late than ever.
I'm one of the thousands of those in using their cars and never get counted. It says oops, and we'll survey topic. That is a good topic.
You listen in the car and never get counted in your well, but it was that mean.
I mean, if you get a diary, if you're listening in the car, you can still write that down. I don't know what you mean, Chuck. He doesn't.
He says, I made a WDW that when he asked me who has two purple hearts. He told me we went to the vet hospital in West Palm Beach.
They have two floors locked off with Iraq patients. As you said, it is absolutely un-
They labeled and unacceptable. Okay, thanks Chuck.
You sure had it on straight. It all straightened out.
Josie Lambeats page two in the Palm Beach post. Boy, Josie is still up there in Palm Beach, huh?
She still runs stuff in the inquirer or whether the tabloids were there. So it would save me.
Whatever happened to Josie Lambeats. How come Josie Lambeats wasn't all over the Miss Fowley Christmas thing?
Teacher told him about gay quiz back in closet, right? Josie Lambeats, then his page two in the Palm Beach post.
Today, he says, just what is it they're teaching in North Palm Beach has stayed the Benjamin School these days?
A well-respected educator at the private institution was given the old, don't do it again.
After handling his nine hometown students, home-room students, a quiz about homosexuality that included this question.
How do you know that you're truly heterosexual if you ever had a gay experience?
That's what you gay people always say.
Yeah, how do you know you won't like it if you don't try it like like sushi, you know?
I know what I don't want no sushi. That's fine.
I don't want to teach you in diverse and just like I don't want no heterosexual sex, okay?
Biology teacher and diversity director Maurice Dolbury gave the quiz to Juniors, eight boys and a girl during a discussion about sexual diversity.
I'm told that Dolbury got the idea in the 10th format of a recent diversity conference in Minnesota says Josie.
Also on the 12th question essay quiz, how can you give a truly satisfying relationship with someone of the opposite sex?
How can you have a truly satisfying relationship with someone of the opposite sex given all the obvious physical and emotional differences?
And is it possible that you are heterosexual because you fear the same sex?
Sounds like a little leading on here to me quite.
Sounds like a misscola kind of exam.
Uh-huh.
This was a mistake said head of school Eugene Gross and it won't happen again.
I found out about our heterosexual because you fear the same sex.
Sounds like a leading on here to me quite.
Sounds like a misscola kind of exam.
Uh-huh.
This was a mistake said head of school Eugene Gross and it won't happen again.
I found out about this to a complaint.
None of us is perfect. I discussed this with Mr. Dolbury.
He's a tremendous asset to this school and has my full support.
A source at the school which caters to North County and Palm Beach parents with enough dough to plunk down 17 grand from one high school year.
Said two of Dolbury students brought up a quiz with another teacher who then went to Gross and said,
Gross.
School officials tried to get all test copies back but one slipped past them.
School officials tried to get all test copies back but one slipped through their fingers.
Uh-huh.
Benjamin teaches me twice a week with their home-room kids and discuss a wide range of topics from politics today.
Need to peer pressure to sports.
Uh-huh.
Dolbury is also the school's wrestling coach.
Uh-huh.
Then that that.
The quiz wasn't supposed to be great and wasn't an information gathering exercise.
It was great.
It was designed to be self-reflexive and provocative.
You get an F word.
Yeah.
I get an F on head research and you get an F on the homeless.
It's timing was partly because of the reason congressional page scandal and the announcement that this race former US representative Mark Foldy is gay.
Said parent advisory board member Beth Kirstin.
It's the first I've heard about this but I'll look into what doesn't sound right.
The school refused to make Dolbury available for an interview so it's not to open anymore with curriculum up to two public criticism and the school's spoken from and said.
What are you going?
How do you know you're not gay if you don't give it a shot?
You never done nothing.
You know you're not straight if you don't give it a shot.
Oh you mean I know.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
We all know just some people can't admit it.
That's correct.
Just like father tender.
That's right.
We feel so sorry for him and his family in the conference.
Oh yeah.
Listen to a story about.
Not reach your name to the kids that were taken met and have been gay sex.
And just when you thought he was a super-wet just dude out came some stories and sounded really rude.
Bad things.
That is gay escort.
Sorting death.
Well the first thing you know old Ted's a hypocrite.
Man and gay love while he was loving it.
They said they'd forgetless and dropped to you.
And he's been cries as they and ignore hypocrisy.
All right.
The biggest name of best talent in the business.
The Unrotverse.
Force radio 560 AM.
The cockat.
Take a deep breath.
Prepare to fill your lungs.
To your lungs out.
And you're not a white beat of a ton of blood.
Here's what we do.
This is the solution for today.
Bloody hell, who's a deceptor.
Looks so true.
Half a board and a water.
Bording with me.
Here's what you'll make new door for sure now.
Don't them drown out.
Everybody takes the states with a rock.
If they tell us what we want to be, roll out.
Friends can leave in the sub-field.
And choose a half a board and a water.
Bording with me.
Ah!
Bording with me.
Here's what I'll say.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
You know how new that is.
Bording with me.
No one but us has the right to be.
We've heard about the following.
And the water.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
Bording with me.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
I'm going to have to do something to you.
It's normal, I will 더 support, and I'll reward you.
It is myαν-
you can download it secretly.
there with this is a wife your girlfriend last night but I want to mention that again
you can all have so I do it says you can present all the bush machine power points
you like the American voters have spoken and we ain't done yet the direction this country
has taken for the last 12 years where the house and center just f-ing rubber stamp or
stumbling block depending on who is in office will not come to order with the more partisan
point of view access to one side of demo or red state point of view but a more central
is governing body willing listen to the people when they scream about setting aside habeas
corpus one of the most defining parts of our great constitution so a dictator type
president can make unbelievable decisions with any checks and balances game over
says chip game over all right chip congratulations to his sweetheart he's all whipped up and fired
up to a frenzy he's freezing himself 1391 votes on a poll which means will be over 14
by the top of the hour I think 15 is within our grasp we can grasp it we can grab it
reach out and grasp the grab ring or reach out and grab grab grab the best thing
i told you that there's sometimes i'm sitting there would buy not have a feeling i'd like
to reach out and grab the best thing but do not do that
you ever have that feeling all the time i must be getting worse i told you this couple
weeks ago as you get older you get worse not not you know people think all you get older
you lose your all at the horniness and no it's worse yes so far haven't noticed any
didn't know now it's not at all in fact you see somebody really really good walk by
just want to reach out and grab the nearest you know like yeah they're one of nice jacket
and you reach out say oh what's that made of can that be felt oh there you go at the
mark foliage stuff again all the last year to myself quietly because it's you know probably
a better idea here's the fact that says i was well that sounds like they're changing
now i was listening to Matthews in overman lesson of course i saw this and i'm not going
to do that and i'm not how i already told you about how he was growing how would
dean and trying to make him look to him it's like you know and then he had Bill fist on
there and he had his head up bill's ass wow well the fed up he was saying but then that's
the christmas he likes politics you know politics and his brother runs for office and others
of the crap he's a jerk he's a real sad jerk christmas he was keep older men's all
they got and of course what's his name lister hoell which you finally discovered who's that
oh no i remember aren't you proud that the finally after all this time i'm not
delighted his face to memory he's good he's a great broadcaster very well spoken yeah he's got a
great voice and he's like a human looking and he's good on tv and good on NBC radio and what are
1395 in a pool come on let's go step thing over 14 hundred before rumsfeld starts talking
had bob woodward he's stepping down how do you like that
to watergate from woodwind and burn scene rumsfeld is stepping down he's out
about this tense relationship with the secretary of defense and work his leaders within the
military within the pentagon also with his commanders there on the grounds in a rock uh... and now
even with the president coming forward and a number of other military leaders uh... still active
in the military saying that they support the secretary of defense uh... the feeling what
that's coming up in eight minutes bushes coming on and uh... see here you thought it was much
you know nothing there there under a lot of pressure maybe
lot of pressure so let's get rummy it lets the mail his ass and long overdue by the way
speaking of horses asses
uk scientists apply for permission to create embryos by fusing human DNA with colleagues
you see people were listening to show all the stuff that happens during the four
hours that were on every day
i mean i realize it's got nothing to its sports
but how do you know they have to wait till they came home from a worker whatever to find
out about rumsfeld is uh... out he's out stepping down
resigning
after he's being fired you understand he's resigned he's tired
just like your lieutenant he didn't get fired he resigned for personal spend more time with his
family hiding under the bed
uk scientists have applied for permission to create embryos by fusing human DNA with cow eggs
all you're gonna feel so bad next time you have a stake
you want to walk
now
researchers from new castle university in king collage london
have asked the human fertilization embryology authority for a three-year license
well i could probably get one from the state of florida dry all i got to do is uh... email
the application
the success your license in florida the hybrid human bovine embryos of the use for stem cell research
it would not be allowed to develop for more than a few days
but critics a it's on ethical and potentially dangerous liberal democratic and p
doctor ever hear a some ever become in science technology select committee says
if human benefit can be derived by perfecting therapeutic cloning techniques
or from research into subsequently derived stem cells then would actually be in more
preventive just because of a yuck factor
well there's a guy with our cow head
yuck
there's a cow with a human head
there's a guy with an ass like a cow
stem cell research is one of the most promising areas of medical science of course
stem cells are the body's master cells and five-year-old embryos are packed with them
each with the potential to turn any into any tissue in the body
it is this ability with scientists want to harness the treat diseases like parkansons disease
strokes diabetes Alzheimer's disease to do that they need to have access to thousands of
embryos for research the problem is that human eggs for research are in short supply
and to obtain a moment have to undergo surgery that's why scientists want to use cow's eggs as a
substitute they would insert human DNA into a cow's egg which has had its
genetic material removed and create an embryo by the same technique that produced
dolly the sheep oh that'd be something oh hi dolly hello dolly the resulting embryo would be a 99
point nine percent human thing the only bovine element would be DNA outside the nucleus of the cell
no there was me a solo human might have a tail low
mm-hmm it would though technically be a chimera
chimera a mixing of two distinct species into one chimera or you can say that what you said
everything I can say it I don't want to say that it literally butchered outwards as it is I've
heard it said every way that it kind of is in my life let's say a chimera chimera chimera
I'm gonna google it during the break you know you're asked from my tail the end would be to extract
stem cells from the embryo when it's six days old before the string if the quality and
viability stem cells would then be checked to see if the technique had worked oh how about
jayna techniques and hunk and pie what's that song peaches apples peaches harder
hot hairs uh yeah you know jayna techniques also on the orange label the scientist also
planned to examine the way the cells are reprogrammed after fusion oh that was quick
apple peaches and hunk and pie maybe that's right the scientist also planned to examine the
way the cells are reprogrammed after fusion to see if there are useful processes they could
replicate in the laboratory a chimera chimera lead researcher dr. Lyle Armstrong said if we can
learn from the egg how to make embryo stem cells without having to use an animal egg at all then
someday we may be able to cure diseases like Parkinson's or better still some of the age related
diseases which are creating such a burnout society dr. Stephen Mingur from King Scholars London said
the current state of the technology asserts that literally hundreds of human eggs from young women
will be required to generate a single human embryonic stem cell line therefore we consider it more
appropriate to use non human eggs from livestock as a surrogate we feel that the development of
disease specific human embryonic stem cell lines from individual suffering from genetic forms
of neurodegenerative disorders will stimulate both basic research and the development of medicine
to treat these horrific brain diseases wow donny remstrel you're out baby you've had it
him for the remainder of his term and white house officials senior administration officials
very consistently have said they believe that the president would see this as some sort of
signal of failure not only internationally to allies overseas but also to the American people
well let's say the same thing the rum star that we said to play sure last night
right right right no this is on this is not a tumor it's the one to two hour
sports radio five sixty two eight oh uh now it's quite a game last weekend
no we are legal under the bed and we are people with a false we're brave and we're today
not would be nice to win a game once in a while then we'll be blessed down here right
yeah then we build a bed you know there was a time and ready uh sports was relegated to just a
minute or so of the five or six o'clock news you know I could weather report
well that was back in the day radio stations were format it to entertain an audience
I would know about that yeah and neither do we but in terms of sports I mean now we're blessed
yes very blessed so uh how's the kids oh that's right sorry
if I do the vision seven don't you hey listen I uh gotta use a toilet for a minute you mind
to hold it on no I don't know thanks you're what we call in the business uh a holdover
yeah I guess hold over so you will mind if I you're right okay I'll be right back
with more of the Neil Roger show after part two of our sport homo rejoin on five sixty two eight uh
uh
still there you know outside this forest there's really nothing else going on yeah I mean no
nothing nothing nothing else should be of any concern
yeah the comfy here inside our little box
well that's just a girl actually uh he and why they did not we uh really can't talk about that
we're not gonna say that yeah yeah so uh what do you eat this morning how does that be a
you know I got a little train in your coffee yeah
that's a sports lab yeah oh uh I should get this show for a minute
a lot of second okay yeah yeah yeah
we'll be back with more of the Neil Roger show after part three of our sport homo rejoin on
sport hall radio five sixty two eight uh okay no problem folks
thank five still there that was a coach
so tell me something when you say the word coach you know uh you just can't say coach right right
we say cold that's big and it's a reference
cold
cold
you like some cake hold you be a five the position
cuz lights all about the game right
I want to kiss
your lips
yeah
now I want to the red you'll make a death yeah
and our hearts will fly away it's on again
our worst time in the universe when we need him over back already huh that was typical
of those rejoins it's only one of six yeah we're not too happy about those long
rejoins clearance there's time in words it's all in the game heavily of his
smash and a couple of other mario you know did it I think I don't know I'm not gonna look
at up I'm not gonna look at any book again can't do it so anyway Rummy is this stepping down
we're expected by our vibe and the group is expected to provide recommendations on a way
there is the great conciliator now Rummy some he's extending his uh
land early week the election has changed many things in Washington but it does not change my
fundamental responsibility there is still a bozo and the data is plunder deep right that's correct
South Dakota voters yesterday firmly rejected law banning nearly all abortions but supporters
of the measure are to continue pushing to further restrict abortion in the state with 91%
of the state's precincts reporting 55% opposed the abortion ban while 45% be supporting it
yesterday's vote ended a heated campaign that had drawn extensive national attention while
dividing the state's medical and religious communities campaign spending trendest way voters
toward nearly four million dollars how many people live in South Dakota about ten
about thirty man
John they got them ad-lamps
the South Dakota campaign for healthy families the group that forced the measure on a ballot
called the bills to feed a victory for reproductive rights i think most importantly it sends a
strong message to our legislatures that Kate Luby South Dakota State Director of Plan Paramedics
South Dakota and Tibet enough abortion legislation enough already can also and okay enough
what you said as they say in China 1425 votes i think we have one a halibut shot to get to 15
again go ahead and do a former director of the CIA
yes
let's Texas and m university if confirmed by the Senate Bob will bring more than 25 years of
national security experience and a stellar reputation as an effective leader with sound judgment
who's that buffalo Bob is going to be run sales president from both political parties
and rose from an entry-level employee in the CIA to become the director of central intelligence
during his service at the CIA and at the national security
says rum spell that i agree it was time for a change in other words hey rummier fired
help him meet the challenges and opportunities our country faces during the next two years
yeah he is serving as a member of the Baker-Hamleted Commission
he's a steady solid leader who can help make the necessary adjustments in our approach
to meet our current challenges i will have more to say about secretary rum spell and Bob Gates later
Bob Gates oh there you go Bob Gates i wonder if he's getting the bill gates i'm sure he's not
chimera ballot measures to ban same-sex marriage were winning in seven of eight states laid
yesterday with voters narizona points to be the first in the nation to turn down such a measure
do you know that no the measures all constitutional amendments to limit marriage to heterosexuals
and ban said domestic partnerships passed in virginia south of ralina in tenisee and were
winning in calorado south Dakota was constant Idaho a proposal to create domestic partnerships in
calorado appeared headed to defeat we just 45 percent of the vote with more than half the states
precincts to be part of the result well this stuff is here coming off we slow it's for crying out
loud on that's right that's how west the votes came at the end of a campaign season marked by
important developments in the arena was the same-sex marriage and gay politics on October 25
we know about ten haggar in about new jersey and gay rights advocates called the appropriate
victory in a razono where ban was trading forty eight to fifty two percent with ninety five percent
of the precincts reporting a bay win symbolically it's as important as the message you said marriage
decisions said joe solemn an ac president the human rights campaign a national gay rights group well
there you go maybe uh miss christian go to a razon marry his uh boyfriend or somebody this
marry a marry or very very well i just can't wait for you to get this movie i think you're
going to be smitten with max point is what i said that's one of the fine flicks i've seen in a
long time that's why that's the way i be feeling about it i'm all stoked are you yeah yeah see the
worst thing that will happen now is you'll get it and you say uh this uh yeah i was okay hey even
the island which uh which sucked to high heaven wasn't so bad just because scarlet was running around in it
well we're gonna see people versus Larry Flynn i wonder how many four letter words are going to be
oh luckily it's not coming through what that was that oh you getting ready yeah there's the
pulver guys to legacy well i'm just looking just in case to see if that's on again right now
because it was on last night again max point but nevertheless we don't want to we don't want to
get sidetracked here okay we had enough enough dilly dallying with that uh qm rejoin bit
i think what we ought to do is which is i thought it was very funny but it's it is great
and i think what we ought to do is after every break we'll uh play that instead of the rejoin
it'll take time yeah four minutes every time here's a fast-from-fret i apologize if uh i've already
mentioned this you already somebody and missed it if not then please check out the shenanigans
going on here in Florida and it's in cancer and heresys old district the 13th can you believe
11,000 less people voted for their congressional seats and for the governor or senator that's
how the voting turned out unbelievable says threat always here uh and then here's the um article about
says a recon battle is brewing fittingly in cathand heresys old seat where voting shortfall on
buggy electronic voting machines is calling election results in the doubt
republican verand bucana was paying to a 368 vote ads over democratic christine jennings for
the 13th congressional district early this morning although bucana declared victory just before
one o'clock in the morning the raiser said margin kept dennings from conceding defeat and will
generate an automatic recount the results were loaded with controversies nearly 13% of all ballots
cast in serosota didn't include any choice for congress that difference in scatter reports
is difficulty finding the race on serosota's touchscreen ballots race concerns about undervotes in
the race supervisor elections can't be done could explain why eight to ten thousand fewer people
voted in the congressional race than other high profile races for governor attorney general
u.s. senate but she said nothing mechanical went wrong with the company's 4.7 million dollar
touchscreen voting machine system throughout the day voters complained that touchscreen voting
machines were not registering votes for jennings properly jennings campaign held a midday press conference
to run the problem was widespread already democratic democrats were calling in law as from the
democratic national committee to weigh on the potential voting issues in serosota county with
all but one precinct reporting eighty seven thousand seven hundred ninety seven people ordered for
bill elson cat in her or another candidate for u.s. senate in the governor's race between christian
davis eighty seven thousand six hundred seventy eight county residents voted only seventy six thousand
five hundred and forty nine voted for jennings or b Buchanan in comparison about three thousand more
people voted in the serosota public hospital board election but a similar undervote was not
recorded in other counties that voted in district thirteen race well there you go if cat
their hair is had her fine finger it you know there was some hanky spanky not enough to make her
race would build else and even remotely close but nevertheless right absolutely anywhere that
patient involved you know it's going to be some real hanky spanky man good to see her go down so
to speak fourteen hundred twenty nine votes on a pool we need seventy one votes in forty seven
minutes that's less than two a minute we can do it you know we're constantly changing tactics yeah
we notice that you know what they're going to do now what well i mean actually they have been
doing it for a long time but they're going to do it more blatantly like in every neighborhood
from coast to coast because they're not too happy with the results of last night selection kill
some people all right speaking of that you know an all-life sense of traumatic experience just
as we're in for your show that the lord even loves neo-rodgers
room fell
Do we have to give you a big gift?
Are your sails over?
Because they made us put your action strip around the field.
You still have to explain what they did.
They bought it with money to make the biggest human pyramid.
I think it's kinda wacky.
What they did to those are my kids.
Now it's telling you just know it's your feet.
Back my foot and throw my boys.
They made us break the break up.
By putting them in a gap.
Don't you want to know that you will get hit the back way?
Round the field.
We're so tired of watching these new strips.
Round the field.
We're gonna have to give you a big gift.
Round the schedule of things.
Round the schedule of things.
Bye bye, probably Romney.
The Fetch Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, architect of an unpopular in Iraq,
intends to resign after six stormy years of the Pentagon.
Officials say Robert Gates, former head of the CIA, will replace a Romney.
Iron common ground.
The development occurred one day after congressional elections, but it wasn't.
President Bush announced Romney's departure and Gates' denomination
has news conference going on right now.
But you shouldn't want to hear a bozo.
1457 votes on a poll today.
We're gonna make 1500 by the top of the overall.
Then we'll want to know why.
We're getting reports and all kinds of mud slinging and stuff if we don't get to 1500.
1439, we need 61 and 40 minutes.
That should be one and a half a minute.
So just look at your watch and you can give a half a vote every other minute.
What's at the Egypt care about the most?
My income, 673, almost half, 46.7% income, money, money, money, give me the money, honey.
My sex life 302, my health 172, I hate this pool 103, 7.1%, kind of a modest.
That's not too bad, huh?
Not bad at all.
Politics 58, my faith 50, my faith in the Lord, my faith in...
Damn God!
Politics 58, my faith 50, the National Football League 50, see my faith in the NFL.
They can't separate.
Because the NFL is more than a sport. It's a religion.
You understand that George? You get it?
Oh, I do, I do know.
And Iraq 31, you better get it. You better get with the program.
You never be on that morning, sure, with Kenny and Bo.
1443.
So who sorted this morning that Kenny is pissed off because they won't let him do whatever he wants?
I didn't say that it was pissed off.
I know.
I just made that up. But you just relax.
No.
Just like you probably made up the whole story anyway.
Yeah, well, I did.
It's your style. Now, who was the mole? Who was in the door? Was it Robert?
I'm not telling you.
It was the beast. I know Dan well. It was the beast.
It was Greg.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Too late. You already admitted it was the beast.
No, I did not.
I thought the beast was not not showing more.
He's not.
So he wasn't even there this morning.
No.
Oh, then I know for sure who it is.
Yeah, I know.
He's got a mouth like a toilet and a brain to match.
And a personality to match to a real schmitty personality.
I know you want to pacify everybody. You're there and I'm here.
So you know, people will be there.
Well, if I open up a mouth, people stop telling me stuff.
And then where would we be?
Oh, get out of here.
That's what they want. They take you to stuff because they know you'll tell it to me.
And I'll put it on a year.
Yeah, but they don't want to.
They don't want to own it.
You know what I mean?
Well, how about if they buy it?
I think you're going to buy it.
They could rent it.
Daniel Ortega wins.
Civilization as we know ends.
Rice Welding burger.
I wonder if he's kind of Bobber.
Former Santa Niste leader Daniel Ortega appears to have won the Nikkadogwin presidential elections.
And he wasn't happy.
Why?
Who the hell knows?
And who knows why exactly the US feels simultaneously free to meddle in south of the border
elections and to pop when those countries resent us for doing so?
These are rhetorical questions.
Or take a first-hand to power in 1979 after oucing Anastasia Somoza, the US back dictator,
whose family had run the carotid since the mid-1930s.
He was part of a ruling junta till 1985 when he was elected president.
In 1990, he lost the presidency to a former punta colleague, the elected tomorrow.
During the entire tenure of his leadership, the Reagan administration funded an armed group of homicidal drug smugglers,
known as the Contras, and likened by Reagan to the founding fathers of the West,
who were apparently in Reagan's mind also a bunch of swamp, rat-doped-dealing thugs working to find a country
that had been established 100 years earlier, but that's another story.
His history includes rather the sound of allegations of corruption, allegations of sexual abuse from his stepdaughter,
and two more failed presidential bids, which sounds to me a lot like a good handful or more of Republican-congregional figures.
He is also a former Marxist, which narrowly similar to his considerably, but perhaps not entirely.
Regardless of something of a mystery-wide, probably corrupt possibly abusive and certainly power-hungry politician
in a small and entirely powerless country, should abuse this degree of angst,
aroused this degree of angst among his like-minded brethren to the north.
But aroused that he does, and not only among conservatives, Steve Clevans, the foreign policy at Wank at the postpartisan New American Foundation,
and proprietor of the widely-read Washington note, is of something of a tizzy about or take his success,
and the winning US influence in Central America, South America, and around the globe.
He writes when I was in Germany recently, I spoke before the FTP foreign policy parliamentary group,
chair by Werner Hoyer, in the Bundesstog.
One of Hoyer's chief concerns has been Nicaragua in this election, and he's down in an hour attempting to support the other guy.
But what Hoyer and many others who have watched these elections have reported is that America's not only weaker in the eyes of Latin American citizens,
but that citizens are motivated to actually help roll back American power.
Like Forsken, roll it back.
As one German politician told me, it's remarkable that or take his bouncing back without a superpower sponsor competing with America.
That's what's troubling.
The opposition of American interest is winning him in any places, and there's no global rival.
When the mistake of American power was wrecked in Iraq and President Bush showed our military and financial limits,
allies stopped counting on this much, and the enemies have moved their agendas forward.
I'm picking on Clevans here, it says, because he's elected candidate for a second or third tier state department position
in the next Democratic administration, and he says blanket is a blind mule on a dark night.
I like that expression, as blanket is a blind mule on a dark night. That's great.
At some point, we'll look at the insipid order in detail, but for now let's focus on the bewildered injury of a man who can't understand why,
after more than a century of non-stop US-Metalian self-incentral America, often including support for the most barbarous regimes in the atmosphere,
many citizens, there are sick of us, there are tired of us already.
And it goes on, it's on our website.
It goes on with a long-term dance about Daniel Ortega, which I thought he played for the Eiffelps.
So does Secretary Rumsfeld?
Yeah, he plays for the Cubs, but as long as he's got nothing else to do and there are a bunch of losers anyhow.
1456, what are your thoughts? What are your thoughts on the ZERD?
Cute. That's a good movie. And I bet you nobody has seen that. You and me. The dry sea pin?
I still got it.
You know what I think, so?
About the mannequin?
I'll bring it.
No. I'll bring it.
Now I don't know, would you think that movie is too slow for a giant?
Oh, I don't know. It seems fine, it seems up his alley, it's got weirdness.
Yeah, I think that's where he had to watch it up his alley.
Now the fact of the matter is it's kind of interesting because he liked Kristen and Zoli never said anything about it being slow.
Maybe he just said that because he didn't want you to rip him.
I love when you guys read a diagram out my movie taste.
Yeah. That's how we do it, man.
We're not diagramming anything, we're just analyzing it.
And it seems to me that you liked Kristen and Zoli, you're the one that talked me into watching it in the first place.
Yeah.
Yeah, Josh was dead.
You said, man, the whole angle is really hot in that movie.
That's what I said.
Yeah.
And now I will say this, he did look better in that movie than the other ones, but as movies go,
I like Spider-Man and Spider-Man too a lot better.
Yeah, well, they did say drag like Kristen and Zoli seems to be so far.
Now did you think it dragged?
Josh?
Yeah.
It was a little bit slow.
See, I didn't think it was slow because it took me half the movie trying to figure out who was slicing up a pool mirror because that alley armor on.
Well, that was all fine when it started out just fine and they were fighting and everything.
And then it got bogged down in the bog somewhere.
Oh, I've actually had Scarlet Johansson would have been able to even have gotten bogged down there.
1459 in the pool.
We got 41, we need in 33 minutes.
I think it's a given.
We're tabulating the votes.
Those who may think that the elections over, and of course they're having the recount in Virginia that not happen.
And yet, but they will because that macaque would just think that a throw in the towel.
New.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen.
135, I sure do my best.
We got 1472 votes on the pool.
We need 20 for 15.
I bet you neither one of you guys saw we get to 15 today.
It was always dreamin'.
Huh?
I thought I was hallucin' but I didn't care.
But nevertheless.
You can do it!
Josh cares.
He cares not a lot.
He cares more than you do, which is very little.
But even just like a little bit.
Just enough.
Yeah.
Just he cares enough to say this very best.
Anyway, we camping.
Let's see if we got like any new votes if they counted like fewer or more votes.
Senator George Allen's political career hung by a thread today.
As Democrats, Jim Webb planned victory.
Though fewer than 8,000 votes separated at two and recounted it's virtually certain.
The votes are in and we won, Webb said.
Though there were still votes to count.
With 99% of precincts reporting Webb had one million 170,564 votes.
Or 49.6% to Allen.
Macaca, which is one million 162,717 or 49.3% difference of three tenths of 1%.
A final count, including all absentee ballots, is expected later today.
Macaca, which is hanging by a thread.
There are no automatic recounts in Virginia, but state law allows a candidate to finish as a half percentage point or less behind to request a recount paid for by state and local governments.
With the margin greater than, but less the greater than that, the less than 1% is point.
The training candidate can still seek a recount but has to pay the cost of the results of one change.
It's like a challenge in a football game in the NFL.
You lose your time out.
Either way, a recount could not begin until after the state board of ed elections certifies the results in November 27.
The losing candidates got 10 days after that to request a recount.
You following this? No.
They can't begin the recount until after the state board of ed elections certifies the results, which is November 27, which is the final result of the second half of the year.
It's about three weeks away.
Then the losing candidates got 10 days after that to formally request a recount.
So this thing could go well, you know about those elections, they go on.
Then we go forward, do we know?
Both parties have teams that plan to monitor and intervene in the event of a recount and dissipate in the process, could stretch into next month.
Before we plan victory, Macaca with their supporters and watch carefully as their remaining returns were counted.
The counting will continue through the night. We'll continue tomorrow.
I know you'll all be like Eagles and Hawks watching as every one of these votes are counted. Macaca would said a former governor once popular for abolishing parole.
Allen and once been expected to cruise to a second term this year as the warm up for his 2000 day presidential run.
I don't think he can count on too big of a Macaca vote.
His son of conservative credentials and his sonny persona invited comparisons with the other goofball Ronald Reagan.
In late July, Allen led by 16 points in the year's first independent statewide pool.
Then came August 11th and they all appointed out SRC Darth, the 20 year old Virginia born man of Indian descent working as a web campaign volunteer,
and introduced him at all by rally as Macaca and obscure racial slurred that notes a genus of monkeys.
He's not a genius. He's a genius.
Cedars was tracking Allen across the state, videotaping his public appearances as his video valence Macaca's the moment,
became a major national story and was risked for comedians and cable talk shows.
Then of course once we found out that his mother was Jewish, that's when the Macaca would sing him.
Who started Macaca with?
Maybe was the... Let's say it was you.
No.
No, I think it was.
I think it was their Keith Obramon.
Allen eventually apologized to Cedars, but not until the common already paroxysped scoring by then the political damage was done and more was to come.
In mid September, Allen bristled at a report from making a spursion about his religion when he asked him to debate whether his mother was Jewish, your mama.
The next day, Allen 54, who was raised Christian, confirmed that his maternal grandparents were Jews,
but said his mother revealed a secret to him only in August.
Right.
The secret.
Then came allegations from some former football teammates from the University of Virginia that Allen had commonly used a six letter epithet for against black people that begins within.
Allen's not ever using the word other teammates came forward to rebut the claims.
Yeah, you say it all the time.
You bigoted Yahoo.
Oh yeah.
As web tied Allen to President Borja in the deadly US occupation of rack Allen battled back a huge web of denigrating women in 1979 magazine article decrying admission of women of the Naval Academy.
Allen later tried to portray sexual depictions in webs six best selling war novels as demeaning to women and pornographic and all of these things.
Web and Naval Academy graduate and decorate the Vietnam veteran served as a Navy secretary under Reagan bitterly opposed the war in Iraq and switched to the Democratic Party.
You go Jim.
We got it.
Jimmy says we got it.
Yeah, he says we got it yesterday left me just wanting to barf all over my shoes.
You'll be pleased to know I have a nicer, more comfortable loser shirt on that's good.
All the buttons are buttoned, but it's just yeah, you don't want to strain those buttons.
Well, if you quit eating all that ice cream and food, don't forget Friday.
They got ice cream coming in you and the audience is invited to come in and cheer.
1470 in.
I've said that was a really great year.
1470.
I wonder back in the day, you think that they like used to celebrate New Year's with we have probably had a Google add find out about New Year celebrations.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
No.
In other words, if they made such a big deal commercialized and made something, well, I mean, obviously not commercialized, but you know what I'm saying?
Everything's commercialized these days.
Yeah, I mean, that in 1470 and I wonder if they were like the big car show was probably on New Year's Eve.
Any excuse to get drunk even back in the olden days, I'm sure they're sitting around and cheering waste forward.
That we will come up with commonality that way.
A common ground, baby, common ground.
Here's the great United now.
Right.
Smuck.
19-till-two, we got mad dog at two.
We got to power out with Humper and the mad dog between four and five.
Five o'clock, you got Humper from the Bank Atlantic Center.
And then Panzer people with seven of the Pances host the Rangers 730, followed by the World Filming of Education.
Peace in your own QAM.
We don't have any National Guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard.
No.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You've been booked by an internship at the Uranians in China.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass hit.
I want you to hit a hand-hop.
You've done it.
You've got to fight somebody good enough to film my piggy pants.
Are you lazy?
You've got to fight somebody good enough to film my piggy pants?
Right now, cheers.
I love to be coming back.
I'm sorry if you're considering a little bit of the Comtorex.
If you want to know, I'll save you from shutting that transformative down to me.
Why, that's easy.
I'm holding you.
You're beautiful.
All you need is smoke.
Don't think of me, why?
All you need is smoke.
I'm not that bad.
All you need is a show.
You're going to go broke.
I'm sorry.
I need your old drink, why?
I only got you today.
Fight down my brain and death bottom down in this night.
What's radio have to re-bomb and spill up with a day in civil wars?
And we did.
Yeah, all you need is smoke.
Now drink it.
All you need is smoke.
And feel free to drink.
All you need is a show.
And don't know.
Come on in.
Just drink it.
And we'll fight it.
And it'll probably make you feel it.
Are you going to go quite a bit?
Yeah, those are the days, baby.
Those were really the days.
Remember Mary Hopkin and those were the days we had been through that before?
1490, man.
I think that was WBT in Batavia.
That could be wrong.
I bet you that's not on the year anymore either.
And on Apple records, I believe speaking to people.
I don't have a label here.
Well, why not?
It's on the label.
WT Radio 1490 located in Batavia, New York, and right now, it's their programming schedule.
Upcoming special broadcast.
How do you like that?
That was my first job in radio, WTN, Batavia, New York.
Is that exciting or what?
Not really.
What?
No?
No.
Listen live.
Click here.
Short broadcast.
I'll write your hometown station in beautiful Batavia, or home of Batavia down the racetrack.
You've been here for many times.
Just this morning.
Wow.
Anyway, we got 1492.
Look at that.
That Jewish Shader, Christopher Columbus, he liked the Queen Isabella.
1492, we're going to make that 15 number.
We've got 11 minutes to go for eight votes.
Even Josh thinks we can do that.
Even George who couldn't give a crap less than we can do.
The new chief of the FBI's criminal division, which is swamped with public corruption cases,
says the bureau is ramping up its ability.
By the way, if he tuned in late, Rommestfeld's out.
Bob Gates is going to be his replacement.
He's been chosen by the Dumbledmeister.
Bob Gates and his brother V Gates.
The new chief of the FBI criminal division, which is swamped with public corruption cases,
says the bureau is ramping up its ability to catch crooked politicians and might run
an undercover sting on Congress.
Long overdue sting this assistant FBI director James Burris called Bureau's public corruption
program of sleeping jade that we've awoken and predicted the nation will see continued
emphasis in that area for many, many, many years to come.
Three many's.
See, when they say three many's and my age, they're not going to be around for the third
part.
You know what I mean?
And probably you won't either.
So much evidence of wrong doing this.
Now maybe Josh, I think Josh will remember us when he's old and gay, Gray.
I know he will.
Well, we're like deep in the ground, you know, and the worms have eaten up our carcasses.
Carcasses.
These old men he'll be telling the kids stories about us.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, my ears are burning already.
And so is my.
Right.
It burns.
Yeah.
Right, don't ask.
So much evidence of wrong doing a surfacing in the nation's capital at Burris recently committed
to adding a four 15 to 20 member public corruption squad to the FBI's Washington field
office.
In the past year, former Republican representative Duke Gunning Hammond Bob may have put
in a good corruption charges.
FBI agents are investigating about a dozen other members of Congress, including as many
as three senators.
The justice department's also expected to begin seeking a development soon after a massive
FBI investigation of the Alaska legislature.
Hmm.
Let's all go with Johnny Horton North to Alaska.
Well, he's been dead a long time.
He was dead Johnny Horton.
What else do you do besides North to Alaska?
The fall of the Orleans.
No.
Well, I'm sorry.
This is the only thing I've got by him in my computer here.
I'll be damned.
Found an alien.
The fate of 1941, the war had just begun.
The Germans had the friggin' ship, then had the biggest gun.
The German's had the friggin' ship, then had the biggest gun.
The German's had the biggest gun.
The German's had the biggest gun.
The German's had the biggest gun.
The German's had the biggest gun.
The German's had the biggest gun.
No, no, no, no.
Six were gunned.
We don't know what it is.
It's the failed decision.
In a very long time.
That's all you've got by Johnny Horton, you don't have North to Alaska.
Well, I love North to Alaska.
I've got to work on that.
I'll be damned.
Anyway, if conditions weren't for a city wouldn't bug it, or do you gonna undercover sting
like the famed Ampscan Operation in the late seventies?
And what do you send it?
Or in six house members agreed on camera to take bribes from FBI agents posing as
Arab Sheik like the Sheik of Arabi.
Arab Sheik's.
The Mishmata heads, man.
The Bushes end up in live and just keep that in mind, just keep saying it over and over.
Wonder what Charlie Rangel is saying.
Put troops in harm's way.
I think more than anything else, it's the vote that took place yesterday that should send a message to the president.
No president can possibly succeed.
No president can possibly, I love Charlie Rangel, but boy, he's a little on the incoherent side of time.
1495, we got eight minutes and we need five votes for 1500.
This will be a day that will live in infamy, even more so than yesterday's election day, more so than the 7th, 7th, 1941 in the bottom of Pearl Harbor,
more so than the 7th, 17th, 1976 when I came out on the air on WKAT.
How about you remember that, not? No.
Was Josh even born then? No.
Now that's bad. Is that how old I am?
I'm talking about crap that I was doing on the air before this pump was even born, dumbass over there.
Like I said, many, many, many minutes.
That's when he came when he got to the stage.
Not many, many, many years like the FBI guy was saying.
But like many, many, many seconds maybe.
The biggest names.
The biggest challenge.
The biggest is real Rodgers.
Force Radio 560.
The UAM.
It's Steve!
If I am the child.
1500, 12 votes on a poor 560.
We got it, WKAT.
They're not straight, but only the low votes.
We're not the better public or less queer, boy.
I'm right.
Raymond Neil von Hader is that gay.
What a part of the real, the Christian world.
It's the last time I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The King of Kings is the world.
The world is the world.
God chose me for he, the fool who you are.
Have you seen me before, but again I's for He,?
God chose me for he, the fool who you are.
God chose me for he, the fool who you are.
Bless me, bless me.
Kiss on your jumb sauly mafolik,
For having too much fun with too much rolling
Here's a jolly grass can't be far behind now
Because the bell's a boy, a brown bell
The bell's a brown bell
The bell's a brown bell
Boomer! Boomer! Boomer! Boomer! BLение! Boomer! Billah!
multimedia is right here, Batman'saciones is here
Mainly docesblett's
Bye!
