Why are you first in?
Baby, launch a couple missiles
Ha, ha, ha!
To our place we know
And Amy, my mad-a-fell
Whose first name begins with us?
Ooooo!
There's one thing we all understand
How data won't be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase around forever
With our legs and all our troops
But special forces are some tired
Of jumping through them fools
You know we need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
To end all blow up Pakistan
Whenever Casey's were up the monsters
How can a need a nuclear tape
I've never heard everybody about what your normally
Why don't we stop pussy food
And blow up Pakistan
All right
I guess we almost did
Boom, boom
So it's not bad enough when your enemy is like Hugo Chavez
They're calling you the LDablo and stuff like that
And an alcoholic and a piece of turd
Nice call by the way Hugo
It's not bad enough but when you're supposed
It friends like Pervert Musharif are like sticking to you
President Pervert Musharif of Pakistan
Said yesterday that after the 9-11 attacks
The U.S. threatened to bomb his country
If it didn't cooperate with the America's war
Campaign against the Taliban in Afghanistan man
Musharif and the interview with CBS News magazine
Showed 60 minutes that will air this Sunday
Don't miss that
Said the threat came from Assistant Secretary of State Richard Armageddon
Don't call me Herman Ronson
I hear all of them like Herman
Who is the ballerier of Jackie Kuhn
Uncle Fester
Yes, whatever
Flight by Jackie Kuhn
Very
Came from Assistant Secretary of State Richard Armageddon
Was given to Musharif's intelligence director
The intelligence director told me that
Armageddon said
Be prepared to be bomb-dedited
Be prepared to go back to the Stone Age
Musharif be sent
I think it was a very rude remark he said
Ha ha ha
No
The Pakistani leader who's remarks were distributed to the media
By CBS said he reacted to the threat
They're responsible way
One has to think and take actions in the interest of the nation
That's what I did
He said about the cooperation extended by Pakistan
Musharif said some demands made by the U.S. were ludicrous
Including one insisting he suppressed domestic expression of support for terrorism against the U.S
If somebody's expressing views we can't occurb the expression of views he said
Well, they just haven't learned enough I get from the Bush crowd
The American F and Way
Oh and he was armoured to send
I never made such a remark
I did have a long career right
Like he just made that up
Like he's going to come here and make that up
You lying sack
How's Valerie playing to him by the way dick
My God
This is this is the guy who put uh I can't say it
I was going to say put in
But I can't say they want him
Putting putter yeah he putting in there
Guess what book is number one on amazon.com I already told you
Hegemony or survival
But why do I keep saying that
I don't know
Hegemony or survival american quest for global dominance
American Empire Project by Noem Chomsky
R-Rose from what was it 12,800 and something?
15,000
No you said 12,000 yesterday
No I didn't
And you did not I did not
I said it was number out
85 million and now it's number one
So paperback you can get it for $7.80 from amazon.com
They are the best product
They're great
Love amazon
Yeah they are
Don't you?
I love it
I heard it from them all the time
Ordinous thing on Wednesday night
And unfortunately I got to hear this morning 930
Was there
Hegemony or survival american quest for global dominance
The American
When a Noem Chomsky book can be number one on the best cell
Of the thanks to Hugo Chavez
That's unbelievable
That is amazing
I mean most americans wouldn't know
Noem Chomsky from Noah with the arc
The old man with the old drunk
Whoop right
Yeah
Unbelievable
And all kinds of good stuff today
This business about the
Joe Gerardi getting canned because of the
Yeah and then Dave Hyde
Yeah you people are such a bunch of suck ups
It makes me sick
I read Dave Hyde's column in the Sun
Settled us morning
Well this is what they had to do
And there's no other way
And Larry Beanstock
And the
And Jeffrey Luria
Yeah
Guy comes in there with the lowest payroll in baseball
Puts in a hell of a run
Damn near and still isn't officially limited
And they won last night against
With the series with the Metz
How come they only got
Is this schedule correct?
I don't think so
Can this be right Josh?
It's got
Yes
They play the Phillies
And then the brave
It braves on Sunday
Yeah
What kind of a schedule is that?
Who made that schedule up?
Crazy person
But anyway it's a
They got the two big games tonight
To Margins
The Philphodophia Phillies
And that that'll
I guess
Because the Phillies are one of the two teams
They got to hop over
Dodgers and Phillies right
That's correct
But anyway comes in here with this bunch of kids
There's a phenomenal job
And because you know
They told Jeffrey Luria to shut up
And it wasn't him that said it anyway
Who the hell was it?
One of the coaches
I don't know about that
Well whatever in hell
Will you better start
Catching up on your Marlon's trivia
Just in case they make the wild
I don't know about that
Like it
Well it's in our
Raffle anyway today
I do my reading
I do my homework
And Joe Gerardi is going to get candy
Is not going to be back next year
And go to the show
Nice job you're fired
You jackass Jeffrey Luria
We hate you like poison
And if anybody else wants the Marlon games
They're all yours
We couldn't give him away this year
Speaking of couldn't give him away
All I talked there at the end of that sports show
We have in the morning about
The dolphins and the little girls
Tennessee team their plan
Josh is trying to give away tickets
Are you still doing that or is that over with now?
Well yeah
I'm still trying I guess
I'm wqm.com
Which he's in charge of that horse ball
Website trying to improve it
And bring it up to speed
Certainly will never be like ours
But nevertheless
And so we
Trying to give away some tickets to the dolphin
Titan game
Thought he had given away four pair
Which isn't very much
And then
And you say all four the winners said
Guess what
We can't use them
That's correct
Different reasons
But uh
Yeah pretty much
They gave me an I'm all set
That is shocking
Well they're O and two
Don't forget that
Yeah
There were two and O
You know
Yeah but this is for free
Free
Of course they probably have to pay for their own parking
Right
Well one guy had a full beer
Because they were in the upper deck
I see
Oh no words you couldn't afford the binoculars
That's right
So that goes to show you the tremendous interest
And then I see the article yesterday
Oh look at the big headline
The game is sold out
It won't be blacked out
Like we're supposed to be proud about that
What a horse and buggy phony baloney time
It's always been that way
It always will
There's no point in even talking about it
Because it you know
That's just what it is
Like talking about the Democrats
Being a bunch of weak sisters
You know
There's no point in lamenting that
Because they're not
They're not going to wake up
Monday morning and grow a pair of balls
Even Nancy Pelosi
She had a viral pair from Donnar Shalili
Good God
Hugo Chavez
There are all these world leaders
And of course he got applauded
And a standing ovation at the UN
Because that's the way the rest of the world feels
About these Nazis
And the O-Nazis we got running America now
And the way that they're running roughshod over the world
And killing all these innocent people
And threatening and brow beating
No and here's a Charlie Rangel on it
And we got lucky yesterday
Ponsed it up just as he was saying that
I thought he was going to say something else
But it turned out to work down
No it was lucky that we got him to say that
And then Pelosi on her later
Oh you don't come to our country
And the to rip our president
Yeah right
Why not
Because it's too much of the truth
And they haven't got the balls to do it
I have no idea
Oh I see it embarrassing them
Yeah it embarrassed the fact that he actually had the co-hones to say it
And they just don't have the guts to do it
Democratic party man is evil
Evil
Not as evil as John McCain
But evil
I got to calm about this
So
Oh so good
So good that even people that hate my reading on the ear
Will just they'll be sitting there with a radio cranked up so loud to be
They'll have their finger in it and the radio too
Here's our poll from yesterday
I know all and by the way
Today's poll is going to change at 11
I want to thank Deb
That was Deb's poll
It's a good poll but not one I want to leave on there all weekend long
You know what I'm saying
What do you call it?
The other one is
No it's right in line with that kind of
And we do have 800 votes on there already
But anyway yesterday 1610 5 vote
Which is pretty amazing considering that nobody's listing anymore
Because I don't take those great calls no more
Hey
Yeah
Is there any other ones?
No I guess that's it
Jargis Gay
And that's that's it
Well what's the point wasting my time with that crap
I mean if these idiots
They got something more interesting to say than I do
Then they should be paying me all this money to do this show every day
That's a good point
Yeah
The day that the South Florida audience has got something more compelling
To talk about or to say that I got
Is the day that I order freaks and geeks
Oh it's right here
No I don't know
I read the reviews on there
And I just looked at the demographics on IMDB
And even the old fart's
They gave it 9s and 10s
I thought it was a great series
But I look at the cover here
And I see it
It's a bunch of punky little kids
Ew
These are
And when they all look like Robots Reaper
They want to keep me out those nasty glasses on
Oh
She's got what the plastic frames the geek glasses
Right
I mean that's why I guess why it's called freaks and geeks
Like that
But James Franco is in it
And there he is looking like him
Anyway yesterday I know all I need to know about
Somebody if they vote Republican 565
We hate you
I believe O.J. is innocent 264
Demi the Holocaust 232
Like your buddy asked my Dina Jod
Well I just
There's almost something sexual about Sane
I mean you're like
It's sort of a complicate
We don't know what I'm
Ask my Dina Jod
They can pull it off
Where religious hench ear
149 speaking of religious getchies
Homestchool their kids 149
I hate this poll only 54
3.3% is pretty low for you bastards
Speak with a list
45
Watch the
Watch the view 47
I think a lot of the guys who watch the youth speak with a list
Listen to sports talk 44
Now see that should have had much much more
But then again it's
You know this
This radio station
Call radio talk show is 39
Or vote for Ralph Nader only 15
And that's how many votes I think you got anywhere
Right
Something like that at least in our crowd
So I don't know maybe I'll enjoy freaks and geeks
There's how many CDs I say in here
There's like six or eight or something like that
Oh god
Fuel humility didn't degrade
I don't have to I don't have to talk about it
I don't have to admit that I ordered it
And it's sitting right here and I saw what it is
I'm not even sure what it is
Anyway here's today's poll
And it's going to be a better vote on it real quick
You got an hour
Until 11
Thank heaven 411
I see Eric doesn't have the other one on her yet
Tell me good with it
No he's not responding to my little
Oh Eric's not in touch
Maybe during the break you better call his phone
Or maybe he's sleeping in today
Yeah I tried that but I'll keep trying
What do you mean by that?
Others he's nice and my phone
I've been calling him
I see
See I don't want to go into it
If Josh could change the poll
Then we wouldn't need to be dependent on waiting for fed Eric to get out of
The sack or get out of jail or urban hell he is
Maybe he hasn't really morning date at the parliament house with John Revolta
We have 811 votes on today's poll
Where do you get most of your news?
The internet 377 excellent
That includes our website
I didn't break him down because there's a two-metre damn any websites
Right?
Right
Neil show 117
Well good for you
We're very newsy these days
Very newsy
News paper 95
Local TV 51
CNN 42
MSNBC 28
You better get with the Keith Holberman Show
Damn it
I keep talking but they won't listen to me
Well 8 o'clock at night third
Watch another stuff
Or doing whatever
Daily show 28
NBC at 21
I don't care about news 17
Well we don't care about you
How do you like that?
ABC 14
I hate this poll 10
CBS of the three networks is a distant third
Nice going KV7
And tabloids only four
I don't believe that
Tabloids only four
I know there were some good tabloids stuff yesterday
Every week I'm going to do that tabloid
And you think there was some pretty good crap in there
I'm looking at it now
Wait
Oh and if you got it
I'm holding it
And you can have you open up to the center
Folded the inquire
McGub brought in the inventory
Or just
This is the right one
It's got Ophat Ophron in front
Readin' about my girl Scarlett Johansson
Break them up
Forget about Scarlett Johansson
Just long enough to open up to the center
Fold please
All right let me put my thumb in here
Oh gee yeah I met you'd like to
Yeah
Yeah
The starter
Oh the centerfold
Yeah
Oh my god
Yes did I tell you
Oh
You know I just ate
Oh
Barbara Streisand
And take a look at
Ferris Farts
Yeah no that's what
That's what the star holds me
And then who's the other one
Janice so whatever her name is
That's Harpinski
Oh the Blondtrin
You
Yeah
Did you see that with the lips?
Oh god
Yeah
Oh
She's like a
Like a bonefish
Yeah
Sheer makes me feel better about myself
I'll tell you that
Wow
I mean you talk about
Who was it Dustin Hoffman with the bag over
Is that if anybody ought to have a bag over
Their head is those three
Wow
1014 at 560 WQA
Isn't it time you took the stress
And worry out the last minute
Hurricane preparations
Don't get caught short again
Like a lot of people
Did last two years
The hurricane shutt around
That manufacturer is easy to use
Accordian shutters
And now they even provide expert
Installation for you too
Call 954
237
7083
They feature roll downs
Accordians in panels
Just let the hurricane shut
About let's test to make
Even install shutters for you
Call them right now
954
237
7083
Get on your way to top notch
Protection
The hurricane shutt around
Let their family own an operate
They've been doing it right for a long time
Their lessons ensured
And they'd grow
And Palm Beach County approved as well
They stuck all sizes of clear
Polycarbonate hurricane panels
And no more than panels for you
Cut to your specifications
They're ready for you to pick up
Or the living right to you
And like I said
Even install them for you now too
The public and all contractors
Are welcome major credit cards
Accepted
And if you tell them
The arrived you sent you
By matching my name
You'll get 100 bucks off on a minimum order
A 350 square feet
The hurricane shutt around
Like get yourself prepared
Because we got a long way to go
Call 954
237
7083
Or on the wicked way
Just log on to
The hurricane
And that's not the
Hurricane Shutter Outlet
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
The hurricane shutt
That's not real
Because you're not dead
I know that
Yeah
Some people say that you're brain dead
I simply do not agree
What's your IQ?
300 billion
Really?
What's your IQ?
13.5
Wooho
I don't have intelligence
That's a problem
Oh we don't have a problem
Let's ignore it
Inspecation
We'll be white back
We've heard that before
We don't have a problem
Let's ignore it
Have we heard that a lot?
Mm-hmm
2019 a QA, anyway, somebody just facts this
And this is very
Morey and Sampay
Yes, oh, by the way, it's a happy new year
Oh, tonight it's Sunday
I told you
I just looked it up here
I just googled it man
I'm on the ju-page
What'd you think?
And it says Friday September 22nd
It's sunset until
A nightfall September 24
Rush Chashona, how do you like that?
Time to blow the chauffeur
Oh look at that, Rush Chashona wallpapers
Look at it, if you're really from
Maybe you want your internet, you want your computer, you want the Rush Chashona wallpapers
Isn't that great?
And you can even have a little man of chevvete
It ain't gonna show today, nobody will object
Or Mogen David
Rowered Sheriff's Office detectives
Have arrested the operator of a patent manager
You're gonna hold a rick or not
No
Like I said, we won't be changing the poll
Ha, ha, ha, ha
Oh, that's bad
The one day, how long?
When's the last time we changed one in the middle of the show
Maybe a month ago
Months ago
He'd like under the little room
But maybe he's in another little room
For how long?
For like an hour
Or you've seen it
Oh
BSO detectives have arrested the operator of a pirate radio station broadcasting urban rap music to country music fans
Oh, that's bad
For several weeks, listeners tuned to our KISS
The KIS
Also known as KISS Country might have heard rap music on the radios
That's because according to detectives, a pirate radio station was interfering with the
legitimate station signal
With a BSA broadcasting signal
Kiss this
WKIS engineers
Oh
Track the pirate signal to the Okamo trailer park on tap street and contacted the BS
Oh
The detectives went to the trailer park Wednesday found a 30-foot tall
But third man
Broadcasting antenna outside the trailer at 17 loop road
The owner of the trailer, Darren Sadder, was arrested and charged with unauthorized transmission
Slash interference with a public radio station
State law prohibits interference with a licensed estacion
It convicted Sadder 34 could spend up to five years in prison
And be required to pay a $5,000 fine
The detectives said Sadder told the police in his firing dish jockey
He always wanted to be on the airways
Well, that's great, but you know, get a job
Notice it starts some kind of a stupid ass pirate station
This obsession that some people have with these pirate stations, you know
Yeah, I mean some of the stations in the market like KISS actually have a license
I mean we don't, but they do
Well, maybe that's the new way to go now
No, it's not the new way, yeah, go straight to jail
You know, not collect $200 and that pass go
So I mean, so happy Russia, Shauna, happy New Year will play all those
Both of those bits
Eric cut the new poll, it will be ready to switch by
Okay, don't panic here, George is just he's giving you a lot of crap again like you're doing
Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station
And today is Russia, Shauna, the Jewish New Year
In an effort to celebrate the religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths
We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year
Hey, hey, happy New Year
Hey, hey, that's it, go home, okay, okay, everything
Anyway, and I would never I would last thing I would ever do is read a column by Michael Medved
Oh, self-hating right wing Jew, I mean, oh, supposedly a movie commentator, but just the most evil right wing
He makes uh, who's that other guy? Michael, uh, the other Schmuck Savage
Okay, he makes him seem like a liberal, and that's how obnoxious this guy is with his family values
And Hollywood with their perversion this guy's a jackass, but
The article is about a poll that they took so he can't really, you know, it's not really much commentary
He says with all the recent talk about anti-Semitism
Who would have thought that Jews approved to be so popular?
A new Gallup poll that just came out September 7, couple weeks ago
Act respondents how they felt about 10 different religious groups ranging from fundamentalist Christians to atheists
By every measure guess who drew the most favorable reaction
Muslims I'm kidding Jews right highest positive rating 58% and lowest negative rating only 4%
See unlike in israeli as used in america even though there may be one dimensional
But uh in as far as politics, but uh, now they actually aren't
We got your Ben Ginsburg and you got your uh David what's his name?
Horowitz right and wolfowitz and uh
By contrast americans express decadently mixed feelings about Mormons with a net negative rating
29 to 28% and most of them is 30
26% negative the least popular religious groups in the survey proved to be atheists and overwhelmingly negative 40-50% rating
And most especially Scientologists a stunning 53% negative to just 11% positive he says thank you time crews
How do you like that?
You know that more than the Mormons are getting a bad rap that's because they never met any
They're very clean they dress nicely
Right white shirts and ties very polite nice bicycles right they'll have sex with you
Sure, they look good right even if you don't right, but 44% negative with atheists and just it's a 15% positive
Well, yeah, what I really couldn't cure less
Who gives a crap?
But that's kind of interesting see a lot of the Jews are oh gee they're always picking on us while they like you now
Okay, how do you like that they like you?
But like you made a very good point that is that the Jews in israel there's much more there's much more
The vision of opinion politically and socially in israel among the Israelis than there is an emergent among American Jews
The American Jews are so paranoid like if you pick israel you're a pick on poor littles
Real you an anti-Semite and if you don't agree with everything they do you are miserable anti-Semite including me and you and whatever
And of course speaking of anti-Semite
Our relationship is more than just yeah, there you go. Oh, yeah his partnership with Pakistan has saved lives
He's there with the eye shot Mocheroff. I don't see Mocheroff
Maybe they shot him after he made those comments yesterday
But is it kind of bad timing though? Can you you can probably cut the tension in the air in that room with a butter knife
When you think I could cut it far. Yeah, you could cut it and bush would say oh what's that somebody just farted
He would say right in the middle of his kind of likes the part of that's correct
But only to the new reporters catch him off guard likes to blow him a little kiss
I was speaking to country kiss so poor Joe Bellman
He's got source with that and of course we got the Cuban interference on our signal on our beautiful hd radio signal
I
interference all the time so that's one of the problems with radio
But wasn't it comforting yesterday to read that thing about satellite radio is like taking a big dump
Yeah, it's the next time and it's like they kind of peaked out now
It's uh, maybe maybe or maybe a year from now won't even be around
Maybe that's why those rumors were starting about Howard coming back to terrestrial radio for ABC
857 votes on our pool today 864 and like I said, we're gonna change it. Let's see. He's got a no. Hey, there it is
Got the new one on there
It doesn't have a name yet. He's working on it's a working progress. Where was he if you say was he? No, he did not say
Oh, that's probably none of our business. I did that. We want to know if he was like still out there at the parliament house or whatever the problem was
Speaking of a good old time religion. I got I have so much good stuff today. It just makes me want to vomit
And isn't that something about that? No, I'm chomsky book. It's number one. Hegeveni
I've said that word a million times you're meeting these articles. Nobody ever uses that word
You know in like day-to-day language and now that it's the book is big now. I can't say it
You say up my dinner. Dad like it's nothing. Well, yeah, but I practiced on that
Did you just got through Sanit? I'm he knew John that wasn't the first time. Yeah, off mood
Oh boy, must mood and off mood and off to lever. Well, it's just what a world
It's a sick effect. That's another reason to watch Tristan and his old forget about whether she didn't look on like good
What was her name again? I forget I forget I forget about yet she's me. Well, even Joshua to be she would know nothing special
What she you think? No, that really she was kind of plain jenny. He was much much prettier than her
James uh Franco
But another reason to watch it and the end of the word they would say well that's in medieval times and they yeah right
So you know what the only difference is that we got bigger and better and more effective weapons now
That's more dangerous. We can kill a whole lot more people in a much shorter time
The biggest name is the best talent
This is
For 205
By 50 W. You are the presents who did mo with mo
Now you listen to me. I've got unfinished business with that. They were not about I acted I stand before you now
With my previous they've been plainly in hand in it. There ain't no national god in Iraq. See national god
But I mean now I'm doing my thing here
I'm not going ahead now square
No, it was I know yeah and another thing
Who's the goal for the war in Iraq?
Kindle because Air Force or Joe Cain's in a pit helmet
Ah, well that's pit
Joyce as in
Pith
Nobody knows what I said anyway, but don't stop me now. I'm on fire dad like Stizzy cats. Why I'm the schizzy
Now on a place in a note this new life of Leia
Ain't bad. Why I'll have you know I'm now the hot rob of skeletal women by the pool. They yeah, they like my nice back
I got a play of strip my shot
But I want to tell you this puzzle like my jerk off and drag
Sorry, I still got it. I bet you wish I had me back. Well not any other life
Oh, yeah, you'll ever see me and I smelly dumb again see
So I'm waiting well, oh sorry, well, was that right about those pictures named power one good god
And I'm just I'm delighted about the Janis to consider one because I hate her
What about Farah though? Oh poor Farah deal on the witch that's you know
I can at least that the one picture was worse than the current picture
And what about for the about three pages from the back? What was it? I was I can't even forget what I was I was trying to like
Steery to look at yesterday three pages in the back of the magazine back in the fish mine out of the garbage here and look myself
Not Diane Sawyer and Hillary was at it. I don't know. Yeah, I think that might have been it
Hillary's out of the laboratory. I better fish it on go fishing Bob new heart. She's death
Thanks marking the cars. Yeah, there's the global and so you maybe that was it to think about swore
Oh, yeah, the picture Diane Sawyer she looked like a not a a witch
They look very similar in these pictures. Yes, it's rather shrewish not sure but sure
Back in the garbage anyway speaking of garbage. I saw movie last night
I thought all during the movie I thought well I'm gonna come on tomorrow and
Rave about this and recommend everybody out of see it and probably a lot of you did see it because it's a 2006 movie
I can't believe how just like mall I'm so hip and up to date now. I haven't seen two
2006 movies in two nights. You're a ding dong daddy
Tristan and his old on Wednesday and then last night
Silent Hill. Oh, I'm sorry
Me too. It's so funny. I saw that last weekend really go all through this
Now it was an impulse because when I go to this store to buy in DVD and you know me
I'm an impulsive guy and I look around. I don't want to just buy one you know
I want to buy like four or five sure and
I happen to see this and we say no prominently displayed recent releases or pocket in best sellers
Whatever and I read the blurb about it in the sounded like my kind of movie, you know, pretty interesting
So I watched the movie last night. Now I don't know about you because both of you have seen it during the course of the movie
I'm thinking to myself what is this really uh and there were a couple of points that there were like the hair stood up on the back of my neck
There were a couple of really scary moments
Like the one thing where that shrewish bitch in the church. He's a once you open up the locket and show the picture
You're right. She's a white man. She's a white man. Boy, just jolt most jumped up off the sofa. Yeah
And then you get to the ending and you can't complain about it because just like so many times there isn't any
And what was that after after two hours of all that yeah blood and guts and all those grotesque creatures and crawling bugs and thugs and
And then we get to the ending and it's like uh, what just happened there. That's the end. That's it. We're done
We don't want to make them my right. Yeah. That's too common. Why don't things Josh even like beyond that
Oh the movie was pretty bad. I mean in general
Was a very entertaining walking around here. It's kind of like playing the video game you walk around and nothing happens
Well, say I never did play the video and it was based on the video game. I didn't tell you
It's just like the movie you walk around with ashes falling and nothing's going on
Yeah, that's one thing if you're into ashes man
You'll love this movie because there are ashes falling the whole movie and it never never stops all the
Never stops. I still didn't like it. Yeah, and then I still don't get to think about the the cop that stopped the husband from going on in there
Well, what was his story? There was one scene I must have missed it was he one of them the half dead or something
I don't know what that was all about. I don't remember that. I do
vaguely and also what I don't understand is how come he wasn't picking up the phone
She was calling him back after the other car broke down and she's calling him back on a cell phone
He's listening to the message. I wasn't answering the phone because they're there. They don't work in silent
Oh, phones don't work in silent here. Right. I see now you're right
It's so so if you want to see it and waste a couple hours and you want maybe a couple of scary moments fine, but it's just
Disappointing disappointing. It's like that mean creep thing. I saw a couple weeks ago
Although that movie was pretty had chance to be pretty good and interesting story all the way through and then the ending again
There wasn't any there was no ending. Why is it that directors and writers? They don't know how to end a movie
What's the story with I don't know, but it's the the plague of my life. It is true
Now I trust and as old it was on a sad ending, but just like Romeo and Juliet
You know, it was gonna be sad at least at least she didn't die. Oh, I shouldn't have said that
I mean look anybody knows what I'm waiting for anybody expecting
I mean after all he went through and there in the fact that he was still alive that late to the movie
It was a miracle. You know look it's medieval time so they're all gonna understand back to health
I want to lay down make it next to my regular part. I said it's medieval time. So they're all dead
Speaking of a good old-time religion man. This is it's just so sweet
Palo, Indonesia
Christian mobs torched cars blockaded roads and looted Muslim owned shops in violence touched off by today's
Executions of three Roman Catholics convicted of instigating attacks on Muslims
Some 200 inmates escaped after moms assaulted a jail in the town of Adam
Amboa sending guards fleeing to the nearby jungle. Hegemoni
Five yeah by midday only 20 have been recaptured deputy national police chief lieutenant general adang
Durod Chattun see I didn't make any difference how I see these names because nobody has any who these people are
Calling on the others to turn themselves in and on the island of forest
I wonder if that's like David for is the jockey the executed men's birthplace
Machete wielding mobs ran through the streets Friday sending women and children running in panic police and witnesses said
Maybe one of them might have been OJ
Police immediately reports at least five people were hurting including a prosecutor was hospitalized with stab wounds
Vice President juiced off Kala appeal for calm saying the deaths of the three maddened nothing to do with religion
Right, it's a matter of law. He told reporters in the capital of Jakarta if the people resent the law
We are doomed to did it he said the men were taken before the firing squad at 12 15 this morning
Said a senior police officer wise not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media family members later
Said they received confirmations of the deaths
Paul Paul who were the execution to place was largely calm with thousands of police standing on streets corners and guarding markets and churches
But violence flared in the other villages were hundreds of Christians rampaged after running up the death
So that's just a muzzle and you pissed off a rampage of old craze in the streets. It's also the good Christians
Yeah, not that they would ever do that in northern Ireland for example
Where they have those protested marching days where they all dress up in orange like a bunch of silly people and they mill of them
He marched through the Catholic neighborhoods to piss them off
That's right and invite them to throw rocks and stones and get all bed out of shape and like get out the armor again
You know I might think go back to that least that was looked like pretty interesting. That's right. It's very violent
But it sure as hell was a very very
More fun to watch than hand grenades. Yeah, that's right very entertaining
Let's get the armor and the swords and the bow's and arrows and the thing in that movie about
Most amazing is that these guys are getting like arrows in the back
And they they just reach and pull right out. They're just macho guys man
They're gonna stop me with some of the fancy arrow or some slice of my hand off
We just keep marching along. I mean even right there at the end of the movie when Tristan gets you know
Then the night in the chest he just pulls that baby right out and the blood is pouring out
And he goes right on there and he holds up that Schminder's head into the crowd. I see I go. Yeah, all right
Yeah, that's right
He was he was he was much more resilient than the uh, the cranky guy
Yeah, see the cranky guy he pulled the thing out of his chest and oh he died, you know
But this guy Tristan he pulled that knife that big big sword out of his chest and he just kept plotting right along man
Nobody was gonna keep a good man down like that damn it like to try though
9008 votes. We're gonna have a pretty hefty number, but we will change it 11 o'clock
Or anything we ought to go to a thousand. It's up to you. Oh, what I don't really care
Huh, I think we should change it 11
This is very and even the other polls I would say that I want to really sexy or controversial pull
But it's kind of interesting. What is Bush and Mochera? Yeah in the hunt together. What you want the person if at all
We confront him if at all we find out his location
We are quite clear what to do. So let's not get involved in how we roll be done
Wow, but you like a parliament light on this total
Coordination at parliament
Intelligence
I mean the truth. I think there's a little this agreement here on the operation and there will be a fixed fight
Level you in a share is gonna win. So therefore we are working together and when the situation arises
We need to take the right decision to strike
That's how I don't want to let me know what we're talking about anyway doing and
We need to have
Ladies and gentlemen here we have the basis of a relationship is trust and confidence
If we don't have that trust and confidence in each other and we think that we are bluffing each other
I don't think that's a good way of moving forward
This is pretty good for our guy. I'm sure I saw here driving a cab two weeks ago
George Bush doesn't care about black people the United States
Has no quarrel with the Iraqi people
Our quarrel is with iraq's dictator and with his aggression
Iraq will not be permitted to annex the way
Just the way it's going to be
You
Hey
We're in the same day, starting off the sheet,
but time's made me with the sheet.
It's going to be,
start off the same,
start off the flower in my way.
Start off the same.
10, 48, 12 minutes before our love at a clock,
we got mad dog coming up from hooters
and the pines between two and four.
And then it's the big power hour, man.
The most hysterical hour in the history of radio,
four to five power hour with Hank and the mad dog together.
Humpers sold all another hour and a half, five to six thirty,
because the Marlin game is a seven o' five pregame at six thirty seven o' five.
If the Marlin's have to fill it up, they fill these two games in the games of the year,
you would say.
I guess.
And it can't be.
You're already yesterday, you weren't counting them out.
I'm not honest.
Well, I do want to take four out now, I think.
I think they picked up a half a game yesterday.
I don't, huh?
They're four, yeah.
Four out of the wild card with about nine or ten to go.
In other words, they're done.
But I still think they gave it a heck of a shot with lowest payroll and a bunch of kids
that nobody ever heard of.
And I'm reading this.
I don't want to read it.
Not just a Dave Hyde column, but this other piece of crap in the Sun Centle going on
about.
He made this mistake and he left the picture in.
He brought him back after the rain.
So, okay, it was this first year managing at any level.
I think he did a heck of a job, man.
Brownie.
Hey, when you got a win and you got to supplement the owner's ass, okay?
Right.
And he didn't suck ass.
That was the problem.
He didn't kiss up to Jeffrey Luria and he opened up a mouth because Luria was a bitch
and at the umpire and, you know, and Luria buying beanstalk.
He couldn't, you know, for as I'm concerned, squat in the middle of cornfield and drop a big load.
I don't care what he does.
You got nobody coming to the games.
You got a guy who did a heck of a job for you.
And it always they always leave the sour taste in the fans mouth.
And there's only like five fans.
Another thing that really crossed my ass in this article here in the Sun Centle.
And I don't know who wrote this because I chopped off the front page and I'll look it up again.
Boys, it's so idiotic about the possibility of his successor.
And they've already uh, our compounding information about a trio of third-based coaches
like their receive interviews, Freddie Gonzalez and Braves,
Joey Coro, the White Sucks and Manny, active of the mess.
It's in here's the thing that really gets me.
All three have Latin roots that speak fluent Spanish would be considered a significant upgrade
from the current English-only staff.
Can you explain to me what the hell that means?
Huh?
Well, maybe it's because it's not an upgrade because, huh?
None of the players speaking English.
Get out of here.
On the marlins?
Don Trel, what language is he speaking?
Oh, okay.
I can hear myself.
Oh, Dan, I can keep going with the thing.
Dan Ogli?
I'd say 85%.
No speaking English?
Oh, yeah.
They can't speak a very good English.
Oh.
Well, you know something?
Speak it English.
Okay, you want to play in Florida and the US speak English, or you go back and get on
the banana.
You know that's not how it works.
Even what's his name?
Even Puggeron Riggus speaking English.
He before he crosses himself.
He says holy crap.
Oh, yeah.
By the way, the Tigers had tried to like hell the fold, didn't they?
Are they still hanging on?
I don't pay much attention.
Yes, they are, but they've lost a lot.
Oh, boy.
Oh, there's that Richard Armitage from the monsters.
Look at him.
Mm-hmm.
Man, oh man.
Oh, forget about the monsters.
The monsters.
Nice teeth.
I mean, oh my God.
Of course he's denying.
Nice teeth.
Oh, I don't want to see.
No, no, no.
Yeah, you got some heavy-duty credibility.
Not thick.
Anyway, compact with evil.
The McCain compromise on Bush's torture program.
I better start this now, because this is, here's the meat.
Okay.
You're ready to get the A1 sauce out.
Sprinkle it on your radio.
Just smear it on your plate.
Smear and smear.
Chris Floyd on the smirking, smirking chimp rights.
After George Bush's rose garden, his deep fit in which he declared that he would simply stop interrogating suspected terrorists and listen to torture them,
John, I only flip flop on matters of the principal McCain, and the other so-called Senate rebels have capitulated the unpopular president's petulant demands.
I love that.
John, I only flip flop on matters of the principal McCain.
It's great.
In the universe of moral perversion in which we now live, White House National Security Advisors Steven Hadley called the Pro Torture Anti-Due Process Agreement between those deeply cynical power games to a good day for the American people.
Here's how the games to achieve described it.
I'm pleased to say this agreement preserves the most single, the most potent tool we haven't protecting America and boiling terrorist attacks.
He said, adding the agreement clears the way to do what the American people expect us to do, the captured terrorists to detain terrorists, the questioned terrorists, and then to try them.
In other words, not until this very day was the American government able to capture detain questions and try terrorists, I bet you didn't know that.
The people who were captured detain questions and tried and convicted for the 93 World Trade Center, Bobby, didn't know that either.
Really, that's what Bush said.
The agreement clears the way for the government to actually detain and interrogate terrorists is if they couldn't do that before.
What he means, of course, is that the ability of torture alleged terrorists, that's arbitrarily anywhere in the world, simply on the say so of the leader or his designated minions, will be preserved.
Bush obviously has a deep psychological need to feel that someone is being tormented in his orders at all times.
But the amended psychology of this sad little shrill up nothing of a man as of slight import, what matters are the actions and policies that are being carried out by the Junta operating in his name and the countenancing of this game scrummed by the U.S. Congress.
Now you'd say, Hunta, I'd say Junta.
What can that be seen today, the countenancing of torture and kangaroo courts by some sad sex of Shainola, lauded by the media as men of principle, sad sex of Shainola.
Laudate, this is what we've come to. This is where we are today.
Sick bastards and cynical bastards openly and eagerly, gutting their very core of American law.
Let's have Bill Frist, surely one of the most pathetic creatures ever inflicted on the West Senate and the long-suffering people of Tennessee, explain exactly what this great agreement means.
He said the agreement had two key points. Classified information will not be shared with the terrorist tribe before the tribunals, and the very important program of interrogation continues.
There you have it. People snatched off the street or sold to spies by snitches and scantiers can be tried in military tribunals without seeing the evidence against them, and Bush's program of interrogation continues.
Let's be very clear on the latter point what Bush has been talking about in protesting against wherever it's to ensure that CIA interrogators cannot torture suspects, because of course they could continue to use ordinary methods of interrogation, which experts uniformly agree produce better intelligence anyhow, just as they've always been able to.
When Bush and Tennessee cat-tourch were talking about the program of interrogation continuing, they mean allowing the CIA to torture cat-tourch various methods without being charged with war crimes and felony violations of American law.
That's exactly what they're talking about, and nothing else. But you won't see it put that way in the pages of our most August journalist institutions, nor the broadcast of our World War Novel TV shows, and let us make another point.
In a most impolitic way for the truth is often an impolitical commodity. John McCain is a GD liar.
Yes, he himself suffered torture. Yes, he came through it. Yes, we all admire his fortitude during the Ordeal and his youth, but his record in later life and politics is out of a moral coward with good PR skills.
Not that it takes much skill to wild the paltrooms who squat on the commanding heights of the corporate media world today.
And today he has opened his mouth and a minute, a damnable eye to with the integrity and letter and spirit of the Geneva Conventions have been preserved.
This is an untrue statement. An allegace to say the moon is located in his rectum, rectum, or that he can bite through a pig iron with his bare teeth.
Every step the Bush gang has taken in this pro-tourcher Don't Prosecutors campaign is designed a week in the integrity and letter and spirit of the Geneva Conventions.
The conventions which have been adopted in the law by Congress and Bill Sponsored and Champion by Republicans are crystal clear on torture.
There is no need to preserve their integrity with new legislation. There's nothing wrong with the conventions that need to be fixed.
Unless, of course, you wish to use interrogation techniques that any sentient human being would recognize his torture.
In that case, of course, you have to fix the conventions by gutting their integrity, letter, and spirit.
John McCain might be a moral coward in his old age, but he's not stupid. He knows all this.
He knows the Bush administration has been trying to wriggle out of the conventions since the earliest days of the so-called war on terror.
He knows that gutting conventions is at the heart of Bush's interrogation program, which McCain and his rebels have just saved with their grand compromise.
Therefore, we'll say it again clearly so that even the neighbors on the Washington Post editorial page can hear it.
John McCain is a GD liar and is agreement today, or yesterday, sure some of the most evil principles ever supported openly by the U.S. government's enslavery.
And let's put this other point more plainly one more time. The American government has always been able to capture, to obtain question and try terrorists always.
The American government has for 20 years had the power to use drop on anyone in the world or in the country whom they suspected, even slightly of terrorism or terrorist connections.
And they could do it and can do that instantly without waiting for a court order or jumping through any bureaucratic hoops under the long existing law.
Everything that Bush says his clearly illegal surveillance programs do can already be done within the law.
Therefore, it's clear that the whole reason behind the illegal programs is to establish the principle that the president is beyond the law, and also almost certainly to perform illegal surveillance that has nothing to do with terrorism.
What we've seen is no grand compromise, no great debate, no act of principle, and certainly no preservation of the genuine and genuine conventions.
What we've seen instead is a small group of rich cynical power hungry old bastards, bells-fort lies, and the service of torture and tyranny.
And if you're not angry about that, if you're not sure about that, then by God you're one of the piss poor American citizens.
You shame every man and woman who fought and died and marched and worked and dreamed for our freedoms.
What a great column, eh? A lot of profanity in there had to clear up a little because we don't want to get the enjoy stomachs.
That's not a big deal.
It's a brilliant surveillance.
The vicious rule of torture and forced-radiophied guilty.
This is the neo-roture show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I'm fine.
I'm fine. Drive here.
Well, did you hear about the Muslims and what they've done?
They said fire, just some churches. They shot and killed and none.
They say they're not really violent.
They say they're not really means.
All the Muslims I've met at, then it's history.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, fair.
Then it gets history.
What did he say?
To make those Muslims away?
Or, eh?
And at that way, maybe it's because he's from Germany.
Guys are choosing little Nazis.
Then it gets history.
Now they're protesting in cash, man.
They're all going insane.
It's a profit no harm.
They say the poultry fans.
All over the Middle East.
They're burning up with you.
All the Muslims I've met at, then it gets history.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
All the Muslims I've met at, you, fair.
Then it gets history.
I'm a step down, pop, okay?
Let somebody else have those nice words,
look, please, and give them shots.
You think they can pacify these crazy masses out there.
All these geckies, baby.
All the wild geckies.
That thing about which religion, you know, the Jews,
that's, that's, that's interesting.
But the atheist being right there by the Scientologists,
as far as I'm popular.
Now that's shocking.
But of course they show how far America is below the rest of the world
in terms of intellect, especially in Western Europe.
The difference between, and the Canada.
The difference between a religious fanaticism
in the countries of Western Europe and in Canada.
And the US is like the difference between day and night,
between dark ages and a little bit of enlightenment, eh?
I mean, they have all those huge churches
that were built hundreds of years ago
in every major city in Europe.
And you know what they are?
Basically tourist attractions now.
But nevertheless, I don't want to get started on that
because it's a very unpopular thing to be in.
Eight years of God, verse eight.
Oh, geez.
Ooh.
And anyway, here's the first poll.
It's done.
Thanks Eric, by the way.
And I hope you had a good time at the Parliament House.
955 votes on poll one, which means we only need 45
and no one to get to our thousand, right?
Well, what a sneaky way that is.
Where do you get most of your news, most?
And thanks again, Deb, for this poll.
And I want to like, short, you know, sell it short.
We've done it before, and number two, it's, you know,
it's okay if it's not strong enough for a weekend poll, right?
Right.
That means it's going to be up there all weekend.
I mean, what would you rather do?
Be voting on our poll over the weekend or watching football games?
I'm sorry.
Well, I'd rather be watching football games too.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I hate to say that to you.
Who the hell are they?
A Patriot's playing this weekend.
Oh, better than that's right.
Denver, you better get with it, Josh.
A little bit slow since you had the bug on Tuesday.
You still got the bug?
There are a lot of bugs in that movie.
I'll tell you that.
I thought that was kind of neat, though.
I mean, it was gross in Silent Hill.
It looked like cockroaches, but then it turned out they were like people.
They were like little people in those, oh, maybe they were the beetles.
Maybe that's why they kept stepping on them.
They thought it was Ringo.
Where do you get most of your news?
Internet 434.
Excellent.
Maybe they see there's hope for our audience anyway.
I keep trying to tell you if you want to know what's really going on in the world.
Don't depend on this crap with your newspaper and your TV.
Forget about it.
Get on the Internet.
Read some crap.
Even if it's only our website.
That's why I draw from like 15, 20 different websites, at least,
because then we give you some stuff.
As opposed to having you sit there trying to scour through a hundred different websites every day.
Internet 434, Neil show 134.
We're awfully newsy these days.
This person now that we shut that phone down permanent.
Although you can call in Josh will take your call.
Are you taking any calls?
Oh, boy.
Am I taking them all that?
You've been taking lots of calls.
I'm screaming.
I might as well be screaming.
I'm actually, you might as well, I am.
That's what I'm doing.
And he's screaming while he's screaming.
Screaming and screaming.
Oh, he's screaming.
Somebody to say was a screamer.
Newspaper 114.
No, I'm seriously, I like for today's poll.
It's not like we've cut off the audience from communicating.
If the phones ring, Josh will find out what you got, which is usually nothing.
And then you can fax this in if you want to put somebody on the new poll we got up there.
Newspaper 114, local TV 57.
We didn't bother asking which one because why bother?
CNN 50.
Oh, how sad.
You know, that will flip screen.
I told you before the show and I'll see it on the year.
When I see him on CNN during the day time.
During the afternoon when I make one of those channel surfing mistakes and I see him on there.
And that's the situation room.
I actually get so angry I start screaming at the TV set.
Which, you know, it's a lot easier just to change the channel that you know me as screamer.
CNN 50.
MSNBC 39.
Please.
Well, they don't have much.
They got Chris, you know, Jonathan Keith.
They got Chris Mathews talking about politics.
So, you know, if you're going to talk about something, at least be able to say the word, right?
Wouldn't it be a good idea?
How would it take art?
What a jerk he is.
MSNBC 39.
Daily Show 37.
NBC 28.
Brian Williams with that strange head, but he's good.
I mean, he's an excellent newscaster.
You know, you can handle him.
He's, you know, an addition to which they're not, they don't have their head up pushes ass on that newsgiving.
You notice that lately?
No, just other hair.
No, they're starting to give a few shots here lately, more than usual.
Maybe the Keith Overman impact is rubbing off from MSNBC.
And let me see 28.
I don't care about the news 23.
ABC 15.
Charlie Gibson, who's head keeps shaking around.
But he's, he's okay.
I hit this pool 11.
CBS only 8.
I'm going to have pictures.
Nightmares now.
And bam, my God.
Talk about the Alta Babichki.
Wow.
How do you like that picture?
You know, the thing about her is she was always ugly.
It's just the murder of Degrees.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, right.
Oh, but I don't come close to describing it one picture.
Looks like a washerwoman, like a Portuguese washerwoman, with apologies to our Portuguese friends.
Okay, here's the new pool.
Well, I got, you know, something I have a pile.
Even those of you who have the worst roads in history, I just never had piles like this.
Oh, look at that.
The fight for Iraq.
It was a single shot.
Uh-oh.
More shots.
More bloodshed.
Who's your favorite commas or commentator?
We got 40 votes already.
So we got 9.95.
We need five more votes to get to our thousand.
Now we can go home.
Uh, don't have 111.
Well, you know something?
Up yours.
That's what I would say to you.
Up yours.
Don't have one.
Isn't that brilliant?
Uh-huh.
I mean, there are a lot of other ones we could put on here, but they would know who the hell they were.
Keith Oberman 9.
More in doubt 7.
Doug Thompson 4.
That's Captain Little Blue.
I voted for him.
I mean, I like a lot of these others so much, but he's just, he doesn't pull any punches.
Just like the article I just got through reading there, which wasn't his, but like that.
I voted for Degrees.
Yeah.
He just pulls.
No, he takes the gloves off and kicks him to the action.
Keith Oberman 14.
Good.
Don't have one 14.
Marine doubt 10.
Doug Thompson 4.
Molly Ivinz 2.
I got one of her stories today.
Blue Dobbs 2.
I bet you're not illegal aliens those two guys who voted.
Rush Limbaugh 2.
And I actually, he's a talk host as his billor Riley, but you know, I want to give the right
wingers their chance.
Rush has got a pair and Bill has got a pair.
Or Riley.
Billo.
As Keith calls him.
Billo.
I hate this poll too.
Well, you know what?
I hate you like poison.
I wish you would die a wicked death.
Katrina Van Den Hovel won from the nation.
Thomas Friedman's got one.
Oh boy.
Wow.
Must be from some, maybe maybe that was from Wolf voted for Thomas Friedman.
He likes those Zionists, you know.
David Corn won from the nation.
Tom Hartman won.
Michael Medved.
David Broder.
David Brooks.
Nothing else.
John Nichols and Frank Rich don't have any.
Now if anybody votes for Michael Medved, we will come to your house and blow your brains out.
Although it will be hard to find, but we'll get a search party.
One reason I put Michael Medved on earth.
I don't know.
Whatever I do, Billo, forgive me.
I was now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
John again.
End of happens for.
Up and down.
They are now the time.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I speak in tongues.
The interview necklace persons has determined
the use of a number of former intelligence officials
and career diplomats who have criticized the administration
for ignoring the analyses of the dynamics of Middle East politics,
especially the warnings of the challenges
Washington would face it and they would say they don't want
to hear about this.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
This is up their plans.
Is Asia Turkey pardon Asia pardon Europe and a Tories in Asia and Istanbul and Ankara in Europe and the Pope says Hubman Dread.
Cyprus is in Europe.
Cyprus is in Europe.
Cyprus is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Asia.
Lesbian Agen is in Africa.
Sebastian L  LTK
How what a disgrace that is
They have this race
Television stations in Montana you live there. Yeah, you know what kind of a place that is it's a very
Place television stations in Montana been warned that an ad produced by the Democratic
Senatorial campaign committee containing statements made by Republican Senator Conrad Burns
Maybe inappropriate for television. How do you like that? Oh?
No, what did Conrad say the warning came from the Montana Broadcasts Association?
One station KTVQ pulled the ad after one viewing the station manager told congressional quarterly
He was absolutely appalled that somebody that anybody had found the ad to be appropriate for television
The ad included statements made by Burns including the phrase
Pissed poor and the senators claim that a firefighter hadn't done a g-damn thing I can't say it during an hour and a
Missed you well during an hour and a Miss July encounter to monitor in the airport
I can't say but he did and that's why there's the big flat the big countertops
Burns isn't a closely contested race for reelection against Democratic opponent John Tester
The commercial and questions starts praising firefighters as heroes quickly changes the quotes from an alleged confrontation
Burns had with several firefighters in July while waiting for a flight at the building's airport Conrad Burns
up as they've done quite quote a piss poor job and while pointing at one he hasn't done a g-d thing so the ends enough
Hey like that
Nice. Yeah real classy guy with his cowboy hat
Real Yehu man Yehu but then against the kind of a Yehu country trans fat facts here we go
Reading which might explain why there is so slow
Dr. Sanjay Gupta see it and they show those greasy fries
Maybe that's the first thing they show when they were talking about transplants fries french fries
They'll kill you see I don't mind like dying from ice cream because ice cream is delicious
Yeah, something that's really good or like a
When these triple-making cheeseburger
Mmm, that sounds great. Yeah, but to die for french fries
They were sure unless you load them now with salt and then add brown sauce or mayonnaise or ketchup or something
They don't have any taste. You don't have to load them down with salt McDonald's fries lightly salted
You could eat my weight in them
You're gonna die. Oh, I know it soon. Torture in Iraq worst in under shot. I'm how do you like that speaking about you're gonna die
I'm dying over here things are going so swimmingly well and leave it to the Democrats to point things here
Oh, they can't be a screaming about these things like have one art see I'm thinking that article I read before the
One about screaming and yelling and carrying on and about
Yeah, that's the kind of stuff that democratic party ought to be to instead of sucking up like they were doing yesterday
They see Pelosi and that disappointing Charlie Wrangle
I thought he really had a pair of but they must have sliced them off
Nobody needs to come to my country and tell me and solve our president your mama so socks in hell Charlie
You gotta be ashamed yourself that people at chavis got a bigger pair than you got
Torture in Iraq is worse now than it was under the regime of son of Hussein and is totally out of hand
According to a UN investigator. Well, what the hell would they know, you know, right?
The situation is so bad so many people say it's worse than it was in times of son of Hussein said man for no whack
I wonder if he's can demand for man a lot of them
That's the way you especially on that do odd video you went special investigator on torture at a press conference in Geneva
I was actually in even New York or Geneva Switzerland fights
There's the man for man right there. Oh, if you let it go I nailed it
That's enough he said can't by the way thanks for the Belmont thing. That's great
I got it. I caught it cranked. I don't need to hear no more man for man. Okay. Yeah, that is a good song
I got Belmont song I forgot all about come on little angels great. It wasn't big hit
But it's a fabulous song Belmont's were very good. He went out to you. I mean deans you know, they're ain't no other deon
But they were good. He said government forces private militia and terrorist groups were all involved
You have terrorist groups you have the military have the police you have these militias
There are so many people who actually are abducted seriously tortured and finally killed said mr. Nocturus Austrian law professor
Oh Austrian, huh?
It's not just tortured by just how's the what's his name doing by the way John the Austrian who your buddy there in power
Our Austrian friend. Oh John Jarrett John Jarrett Lulaiva. Yeah, I believe her. Yeah, she's good
Tom don't be seen me no more candy bars
Anyway, it's not just torture by the government no waxed. There are much more brutal methods of torture you'll find by private militias
He also said that bodies are being discovered with very heavy and very serious torture marks. Oh no
That's right. I forgot. Oh great
He said a mission to a rack to investigate torture was too dangerous
But you've got information from interviews with people in Amman Jordan and other sources
Mr
No, what his engine even a brief you went human rights counsel on the situation of the US detention facility at Gitmo
He's one of five human rights investigators who in February called for the closure of Gitmo on the grounds that say torture camp
It calls across rejected by the US because they believe in
Pagemini mr
No wax comments came a day after the human rights office at the UN assistance mission and a rack race concerns about the violence
Gryping the country it said that 6600 people had died in July and August which I told you yesterday
6600 in July and August civilians not soldiers not
Insurgents not evil. There was civilians people just minded a business trying to go to work to school
Traded while and picked their nose and whatever they shouldn't have supported Al Qaeda there you go and the interesting thing
I'm here and now is that if the US ever leaves
This is the new threat if the US ever pulls the military out then Al Qaeda is in a position to take over
Of course there was no Al Qaeda in Iraq before the Iraq attack
But don't confuse the American public with effects or the American media
It would be very bad for business to be putting in that kind of context. Why do you hate America?
Exactly that's the answer to everything that is their answer. Oh look at that in an hour
More or not going to get no 300. I got really carried away there. It's not like the old days when we had an audience
But we do have two two something two nineteen on the new pool
Yeah, we had a much bigger audience back then
But that's before they destroyed the radio station and before all this crap happened
Well you'll see in you if you don't start taking calls again hold your breath
Okay, inhale right now and we'll have somebody banging on the back of the head real hard once time to exhale
Yeah, that's it two nineteen on there
You know something if we get a one-share or a ten-share does it really make all that much difference? No
That bonus money isn't gonna change my life yours maybe yeah, I doubt it a lot. Is it really? Oh, yeah
Okay, so we better get a ten-share you better you better take a lot of calls when you run to make up for the ones that I'm not taking
The good morning
Well several times who is your favorite communist or commentator?
We're asking on our pool on our second full of the day Keith Olberman 72
Well, I'm sure a pleased and proud proudest punches. He would help me would say if he weren't dead
Proudest please this punch don't have one thirty nine while I figures. That's a high crowd
That's them they're high. All right, more than that. That's the a David Cassidy crowd. I don't want to mention any names
You know I'm talking about dude the partridge family crowd
Sitting the ups sitting there with their green teeth and the rules smelly t-shirts that they haven't washed in 20 years
I don't want to mention anybody by name of course that
Marine Dow 27 Bill O'Reilly's got 15. What is with you people are you off your rocker or what?
I guess maybe they find them very entertaining blue dobs nine Molly Ivens 8 rush limba 8 too much
Doug Thompson 8 I hit this pull 8 great palas six. Well, this is you know kind of a new new thing on here
Greg palas six Paul Krugman 4 Frank rich four Frank rich is great. He was I told you was on one of the
I was it I don't know what it was but in the first time I've ever seen him on TV and he actually can speak
Because some of the people who are on TV who are great columnists. Now what else is this man lunges
New Hampshire Coral
Jones
And in rage lunges that murder suspect the New Hampshire courtroom
Not
Diving of the suspects and he's good good. I believe stop it
Pick his men from scratch and the defendant
They didn't say what his relationship would have defended might be or wow. I don't know the family
Pretty he now faces multiple charges. Yeah. Oh, they didn't say yeah
This he doesn't this Tony Harris all of you probably I'm sure you didn't write them. He's just a boys
He's slippery and slimy makes me ill. Oh, get back to the pool. Okay Molly Ivens 8 I already did the 8s
deny I forgot Katrina fan of the travel three Michael medvets still got two and that's just got to be to piss me off
Nobody even his family hates him. I'm sure David coin to Tom Hartman to David Broders got one silly old fool Tom Friedman one and
Robert fist David Brooks and John Nichols don't have any other the first two 33 how could Robert fist not have any look at all the articles
Remember now that the stuff was going on and we're killing all those people must be on
Because he lives there man
He writes great comms for the independent UK and I'm just like he's told me I'm farting in a windstorm
I'm a jealous right get back to the calls
Best
Real Roger for radio 560
You
I am or some of the night and whenever I am in Miami. I listen to zero edges for two hours
All right
And coffee and water
Show candles and see things for your daughter
Don't pop back to the recase of champagne
These are the things you can take on a plane
She's with us
Her
And
They
All of those it's on your face you have that
No
That's one more thing you can take on a plane
You'll be
Waiting in this game
While they make you
Throw out all the things you cannot take
For
Thank you careful what you take up there canton
Captain Harris so just took a couple of miles and nail polish
12.01 maybe she's trying to polish upper act because her campaign is really really bland and she's it
This is the best thing that anybody could have done although I'm looking at a lot of these matchups for the assistant
And some of these stories I'm sending and start to get real hairy man really tight real tight
You know let's get to fix him. They know how to do it. Maybe they'll get fix it to do it
250 votes. Yeah good old fix it. He knows how to do a Doug Thompson writes a bandit hope all the who vote here
Speaking of what I just said. Sounds pretty pessimistic on it. Yeah
Wow, you know him. He's not gonna blue sky
Well his below stage is a massive victory rally in Beirut did you see that and they said they're a lot stronger than they were before which we did that after that disaster in lesbian on
I know a lot of it so many people rallied around them because of it. That is correct
That is right. They got a lot more money rally because he could join the better know that shouldn't arm is blown off and stuff
Other than that and went home to Barney Rubble and not much else
How many more must I because of the seat arrogance of the American government?
And it's just spotically their George W. Bush dog Thompson wants to know
I think a lot of the rest of us would like to know as well. How many thousand more must I?
Be the October surprise how much deeper must America sink in at least set pool of corruption? How much is enough?
According to the you went a record 6600 Racky civilians died in July and August is a direct result of the illegal American invasion of a
Sovereignation on trumped up charges that have won by one fall into the onslaught of fact
Even worse the when reports as torture of Iraqi civilians have surpassed the levels during the reign of Sada Hussain
This is what we call liberation question mark
Bush is cool calculated manipulation of Congress and meeting the American public allowed him to launch an invasion based on lies and
Action at the previous Pope called a war crime remember the fat Pope to Slav on the slam right
The Republicans will control Congress when along with his madness
But so too did most of the Democrats every in the House and Senate and too many of them are still reluctant to oppose the war and call it forward
Draw even today these mindless brain dead lemming still follow this madman and his insane policies into the abyss
Obviously unconcerned about the damage to individual liberty civil rights and little document called the
Constitution of the USA such pathetic intellectually challenged morons like Bush put political partisanship above their country and
Don't give a rat's ass about the law morality ethics. They like the present
They follow our little more than the scum of the earth. Oh, I love this guy. I'm changing my vote
He's already voted I'm gonna vote again
Yet these credence may actually keep controller government after the midterm elections because the Democrats like both on both
Usable brain matter and political savvy and if you have to offer any real alternatives to voters to win in November
The Democrats need to offer something with an ounce of logic and a modicum of common sense
They can't because like Republicans original thought is beyond their capacity
Sadly politicians of either party like the ability to come up with anything that really matters to the American people both Democrats and Republicans are hopeless losers
Who couldn't get laid in a whorehouse on freebie night?
Bush and Republicans have their lemmings and so do the Democrats political persons are foolish little followers who
Subscribe to the Nene beliefs that a political party is capable of caring about the world of people or the
Well-for-of-nation
They like both the capacity or the will and anyone who thinks that the system is the best we can do lost their minds years ago
In the end voters this fall are left with no real choice no real hope and no real way out of the morass
Morass that sounds like a good campaign slogan morass
I'll work on it the corruption the Republican party must be stopped
But the only other choice in the battle is another collection of fing idiots and capable of leaning in a cup scot back out of a city
Park park maybe the best answer is to just bring the soldiers home from Iraq and then send every elected official
Republican and Democrat along with every political want to be too Iraq and leave their faith to the fanatics
Suicide bombers and Islamic extremists then maybe we can start over and build a real government
He's like I said why is he calls for the really friends? I know I had a seat around the bush like that
Yeah, he's fabulous and other days undercover somewhere that he's in hiding
He would I wouldn't be surprised if he's in the same cab cable though some I think is Carl's bad cabernors on them
Yeah, bad he'd be bad. He's only got eight votes Bill O'Reilly's got 16. He's got eight does that then that's in our audience
Does that tell you what does it going on? I think O'Reilly's
I think I think no I think it's a free job
Authority is issued a debt certificate for the son of Anna Cole Smith. I know you're on it
Oh, now here's a picture of her she looks really good. She she has been she has looked good. No, no, this this is recent
Okay in February. I'm just talking about a headshot
I'm talking about what weight is body and when you don't dump when you balloon up to 600 pounds your body
He's never probably gonna look all that great again
But the headshot looks pretty good. I mean your face authorities issued a debt certificate for the son of Anna Nicole
But left to cause it up undetermined pending tax taxicock
Taxicock
Taxicology test alert for the form reality TV stars family say yesterday the document will let the former playboy playmate
Very-her son Daniel who died September and didn't Elton John to a song about him. Yes, who died September 10th of his mother's hospital
But side of the Bahamas turning Michael Scott said filed on Wednesday that that certificate listed causes pending chemical analysis
Since chief magistrate Roger Gomez
I think it one thing you know when people in the Bahamas died they just have a hell of a time fingering it out, you know
But it is Elton. Hey Elton you fairy
Knock him all you want man, but the old queen is still around
They shot him with five bullets and five needles and he still arrives still alive
It's not unusual in circumstances where the cause of death cannot be determined wish your debt certificate
Gomez said this is not a matter of special treatment being given in this particular case
Scott also said Thursday that Smith or the Atlanta filed documents
Registry in the birth of her two-week-old daughter but declined to reveal her name
He ended and Cole's been granted permanent residency in the Bahamas where she came to avoid media scrutiny during her pregnancy
She is gradually recovering from her the death rate 20-year-old son
As if we really promise you really care about her
Not now
Give me that money
Well, I thought that Keith Oldman and his producers and the people at MSNBC were sent us all a big fat check for
Pony the hell out of countdown eight to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday on MSNBC the best
268 votes well, we got close to 300 in that first hour and of course that that was back in the day when we had to be the curtain on
Ersi right that would draw that would draw plenty of extra eyes to this website really ashamed Eric promised me
He was gonna spend like 10 grand for a full-page yet and USA today to promote our website
He didn't do it just like just like Josh has been a buy that big screen TV right any minute time
Israel delays lesbian on pull out how do you like that?
Israel delayed pulling out its remaining troops from lesbian on same questions still had to be earned out with the beef
WN peacekeeping force and the lesbianie's army we very much hope that the withdrawal be completed by a Friday meaning today
But after contacts we've had with the UN in the lesbianie's army
There are still unresolved questions army chief Dan Halleux told reporters. Well happy New Year Danny boy
I hope they'll resolve them to come in two to three days after the holidays
They refer to the two-day Jewish New Year holiday which begins at sundown tonight a
Seasoned paysock and a happy New Year and a happy as some of our story and all of these things
Halleux did not specify what problems were holding up with the withdrawal which both the defense minister
Amir Perret said should be completed by tonight by this evening
Hopefully before sundown if not forget about it
Remember during that the madness that was going on?
We couldn't have a cabinet meeting to approve the ceasefire because it was the way it was shabbos
But they could still keep killing people and bombing like crazy and doing those things
Meanwhile Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haneyeh Haneyeh what does his name?
Yes is a boss no he know the prime minister. He's the president
You better get your Palestinian leader straight now mister for you guy you wouldn't know they were asked for my elbow
They all looked at say the video he smells the same Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haneyeh of Hamas said today
He will not have a government they recognize as Israel striking a potential blow to President Mahmoud Abbas is a
National unity government however if the UN today he's still Hawking Hamas
BOSS, Hamasaboss, that what he's going to do is he's going to form his own government
and kick the Hamas out of it if they won't recognize Israel.
His ready government spokeswoman, Mary Eisen, reiterated Israel's demand to any Palestinian
government, yield for the demands of the international community of Eisen.
I wonder if that's Mrs. Eisen or Mr. Eisen.
That's possible.
Remember the Eisen car alarm?
How could I forget?
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of debt, the one thing you
have to depend on is your car.
With Chukinou's F-Thoms arise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben
Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
Remember when we used to post an packet of therapy in Jada.
Can't we order to get a bunch of finished babies?
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously to a fatty like that.
Get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
Get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
Remember some fast and tricestier my car.
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my affordable sales.
You beg in M.M.
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm.
I will be able to load it all their stores.
The biggest name of the best talent to be a cis wheel roger for 205.
Oh not again.
Oh.
Try the you brash dude.
Roger what's the problem up there?
Roger using confirm we lost our nuts and bolts up here.
Or Roger that you guys know what you're doing up there.
Well to be honest with you he was in the negative on that.
They lost a bowl last night.
Oh for crying out loud.
Usen we have a problem.
Do you not sell it?
I just say about that.
If they're enjoying this.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You might be able to send someone up here to help us.
Roger space station negative on that.
I've never heard since dawn something alive.
This is not funny.
It's totally unprofessional.
You are an idiot.
You're a fat idiot.
Space station I'm not sure.
Could I play with what you want us to do down here?
Well you know still we're not exactly sure what you do up here.
It's gonna be a long long time till I say space is worth my tax done.
While I send to the Canada I'll bring them home.
Oh no no.
Let them rock it man.
Buy a very professional.
Rock it man.
Show me an application way up there.
Morning.
Come on.
This is a rocket science here.
Thank you fellow astronauts there.
I think what you're doing is really important.
Thanks for taking my phone call.
Now get back to work.
Nice shift.
He sent them to like mode there.
In fact what's all this happening under that owl and moe thing?
Don't remember that?
Are you there?
Yeah I was shut off because I was doing a little bit of a spotty production here.
What does that mean?
Spotty my ass.
Yeah bet.
That's what I heard.
What are you talking about?
Josh had my pot shut off for a minute there and he forgot about it.
He sure have had some real issues today.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It must be Allison's fault.
Would you leave him alone Allison and quit grabbing on his ass?
Jesus.
All over him like stink on Joyce.
Just get there a lot of there.
That's going to stay there.
Really p.o.
In the upcoming issue of Rolling Stone Environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr.,
Bobby Kennedy Jr.
along with award winning writer Dick Russell, deepened his investigation in America's
electoral process following the debacle of the 2000 presidential election,
tough screen voting machines promised to make voting as easy and reliable as with Ron Cash from
ATM, the press release dates.
In 2002, privately owned die-bowl, the world's third largest seller of eight
teams was awarded a contract to install 19,000 voting machines across the state of Georgia,
even though it's bid was the highest among nine competing vendors and it had only
recently completed the acquisition of global election systems, a voting machine from
the own technology die-bowl was promising to sell Georgia.
But as November's high stakes midterm elections approach, electronic voting machines
are making things worse instead of better according to the press release.
Studies have demonstrated that hackers can easily bring the technology to fix
an election which Blue Dabs has been demonstrating on CNN by the way.
And across the country this year, Faudi equipment and lack security have repeatedly
under my election primaries.
In the article Kennedy interviews former die-bowl consultant Chris Huda reveals
what extent are right to vote as at risk.
The article will be online tomorrow at RollingStone.com.
Let's see, was this day that yesterday or today?
Now it's online today, RollingStone.com, the whole thing.
With some excerpts in late July to speed deployment of the new machines,
Cox quietly signed an agreement with Diebold that effectively privatized
Georgia's entire electoral system.
The company was authorized to put together ballots, program machines, and train poll workers
across the state all without any official supervision.
We ran the elections as to it.
We had 256 people that Diebold brought on the state.
They opened and closed the poll and then integrated the votes.
Diebold commenced Cox that would be best if the company ran everything due to the time constraints
and in the interest of a trouble for the election, she let us do it.
Then one muggy day in mid-August, Huda was surprised to see the president of Diebold's election unit, Bob
Eurosovich, arrived in Georgia from his headquarters in Texas.
When the primary's little mini-Eurosovich was personally distributing a patch,
a little piece of software designed to correct glitches in the computer program,
we were told it was intended to fix the clock and the system, which it did not do,
who had said the curious thing is the very swift covert way this was done.
Georgia law mandates that any change made in voting machines would be certified by the state,
but thanks to Cox's agreement with Diebold, the company was essentially not a certified self.
It was an unauthorized patch and they were trying to keep it a secret from the statehood told me.
We were told not to talk to county personnel about it.
I received instructions directly from Eurosovich.
He said it was very unusual that the president of the company would give an order like that
and be involved at that level.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
Remember that? Maybe they should fear you.
According to the hood, Diebold employs altered software in some 5,000 machines into Calvin Fulton counties
to state's largest democratic strongholds.
To avoid detection of hood and others on his team, entered warehouses early in the morning.
We went in at 730 in the morning where I bought my livelihoods and there was a universal key to unlock the machines.
It's easy to get access. The machines in the warehouses were unlocked.
We had control of everything.
The state gave us the keys to the castle so to speak and they stayed out of our way.
Hood personally passed 56 machines and witnessed the pass being applied to more than 1,200 others.
Rolling Stones article of Robert Kennedy, it's on the RollingStone.com.
RFK. Got it? Got it.
I mean, no. Not that anybody's going to do anything about it.
Democrats certainly aren't.
Now it's only now that Kury has screaming about Ohio.
Now here we are two years later and he finally caught on that they stole Ohio from him.
A little bit slow, Johnny Boy.
You're not so swift as the swift voters might say.
God, even Jonathan was more swift.
Now if Kury could have just gotten them little appusions to vote for him.
Let's see. Do not go see that awful.
Well, let's see. It's not in the figures anymore.
But don't buy it. Don't rent it. Don't see it on cable.
Silent Hill. Even if you play the game.
309. You won't be silent very long after it went it in.
You might enjoy it during even if you even hear one of those people that likes to be buried in ashes all day.
You know, like if you didn't enjoy that.
But when it gets to the ending, you're going to say,
what? What just happened there?
What just happened there folks?
I should probably spoil it and tell me how.
It wouldn't make any difference because it doesn't shed any light on it.
The only light is in the camera.
You know, everything is real bright.
You know, like, oh, we're in heaven now.
We're like, who knows where we are.
We're like being in hell that ending.
And then the husband wakes up on the sofa there and the door is open.
And he looks around. I ain't nobody there.
And then we go out to that nice scene in the garden and the rain is pushing down.
Huh?
Yeah.
Oh, no kidding.
I'm just rooting for people.
Good. Rooted so that nobody will waste their time watching us two hours long.
It feels like about a five hour marathon of, uh, Savior time.
You'll want it back.
You say Savior? Savior?
309 votes on the parade.
Who is your favorite commentator?
Keith Olberman, 118.
Nobody code close to Keith.
Nice. That is sweet.
Don't have one, 52. Well, get one.
If you don't have one, get one.
Go to the nearest bar and tie one on.
Idiot.
Marine Dow 37. She's sweet.
He's great.
Phil O'Reilly 8, uh, 17.
That's frightening.
Lou Dobbs 13. Tony Harris don't have any.
And since it's just as well.
Doug Thompson 13. See, I read that article.
Now he's moving up.
I hate this 12, 12, 3.7%.
Doug, a great past 10.
Molly Ivan's 10. Rush Limbaugh 10.
Uh-huh.
Frank Rich 10.
Paul Krugman 5.
Captain of Andy and who will four.
Michael Medvitz still got two good.
Don't vote for him.
Well, coming.
Nail your ass right to the wall.
What is a nice looking Savior there?
Stand behind the president.
David Corn 2 Tom Hartman 2.
David Broder's got one.
Thomas Friedman's got one.
Yeah.
Like I said, it must be Wolf Flitzkrieg or some similarly
fanatical Zionist.
Robert Fisk, David Brooks and John Nichols have still got
out of 300 plus votes.
Oh, they go.
They don't know who those people are.
I guess I'm wasting my time putting their articles on our
web.
Or maybe they just don't like their articles.
Or maybe they like them, but not as much as somebody else.
Just because they didn't get any votes.
Oh, Pam, uh, look at this.
Don't forget to watch 60 Minutes this Sunday.
Right.
When I share a few things on there talking about how, uh,
the US threatened his ass about bombing them back into the
Stone Age.
This ought to be one of the big, I mean, this is just scandalous.
It's, uh, there's armoured.
I just tried.
I came back up.
Uh, I think there may have been some surprise in a part of
the gun of a good old long associated.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You freaking liar, man.
This guy's got selective Alzheimer's is what he's got between,
you know, Valerie Plain and the name game and all this other crap.
Man, what a crook.
Kinky Friedman is in hot water again, man.
Can't keep his ass out of hot water.
Remember Kinky Friedman?
Sure.
Couple of jib.
Has thrived on brash commentary,
Allanda Shatara and crude humor.
But some critics say the independent candidate for governor has gone too far with his comments about African Americans,
which he seems to be having a habit of that.
I already looked pretty cute in the habit.
Friedman in a video clip that someone's opponents began circulating Tuesday calls the word Negro-A-Charming word
and uses it in explanation of what he would do to the sexual predators if he selected in November.
Although in previous books of tongue he's used another N word.
Couple of times.
New Negro is a step up for him, isn't it?
I say, he just learned how to say that.
Throw them in prison and throw away the key and make them listen to a Negro talking to himself,
even said in the interview, with CNBC broadcast late last year.
The comments hardly made a splash at the time, but the video posted on youtube.com is sparking fresh criticism that's on you.
You.
Last week Friedman came under fire for calling Katrina evacuees in Houston thugs and crackheads.
Critics said he'd unfairly stereotyped the evacuees who are disproportionately black as criminals.
Not that he's a racist, you understand.
Friedman offered no apologies then or now saying he's generating controversy only because he's doing something silver in politics today telling it like it is.
Anyone who feels that anything is offensive about this should definitely vote for one of the other three candidates he said.
If you've got a lot of people sweep the truth under the rug and worry about offending people, I'm not going to be very effective, he said.
And he said he's got no regrets about using the word Negro and stands by his remarks.
State Representative Gardner Coleman, Democratic Houston media past chairman of the black caucus in the Texas legislature said Friedman's inflammatory comments are a prophetic attempt to appeal to a narrow-minded Texas group in his effort to unseat Republican governor Rick Perry.
Never mind the Texan.
You don't mean the Bush family do I thought they're from Connecticut.
The biggest name of the best talent to be this is Neil Rogers, 43560.
The G.O.P. Bucket is all white meat right wings and only 2995.
They're back your favorite Jewish rock and roll the soundtrack band is Russia Shana with their greatest hits album, Sakaapas the synagogue.
Yes, Russia Shana and I is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of poppin Hebrew hygiene.
This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection rolling stone gets it five stars of David.
The voice was definitely prudent.
Japanese New Year, baby. Don't forget to like the candles and say a bracha for all of us.
About 33, oh I'm heading for Lauderdale, I hate to disagree with you Ed.
He says, please add, lester a whole for the list, not only does he have a great voice, he does an excellent interview.
Well, the question is, your favorite columnist or commentator, and he is neither.
He's an interviewer, he's a newsreader, he does have a great voice, I love lester a whole.
And instead of having a weekend on today's show or wherever they bury him, he didn't belong on that pool.
Okay, George Stillers, no who he is.
Who? I'm embarrassed. Marisa, I don't know if you like him, but I'd like you to add Al Frankenley,
pull for your long time pal.
Let's get Al Franken there, that's good.
And let's say we can put a large ass limbo on there, speaking of large ass limbo, get Al Franken on please.
Thank you. Go on, Alison, they'll tell you from your reported rounds there, Josh.
What did he say about that?
I just kidding around. What is it wrong with you, man?
Because he said before when he was out of the room that he wasn't doing an age-dose trace in Quattro,
he was in there doing Alison or something, and that was you said?
That's exactly what he said.
Yes, something like that. I don't know what she looks like, I have no idea.
And because there's obviously a pause there, then unless said the better, I don't know.
What?
A crying, now this is by Jeff Cohen, no not the one from the pizza joint.
You know, it's so tempting, but I'm just, like you said, I don't care, I just don't care.
And I mean, when Duff, when I ask him about that thing, you know, that you were there,
and oh, they're not returning my emails.
What's the use, huh?
If they don't care, I don't care. It's just one of those things.
Just keep the checks coming, George has got it.
I keep saying that I've been saying it for about three, four years now,
but it's only at this point the last few days that I've decided you are correct.
I tell you.
Jeff Cohen in the Smircling Chimp Rights, across the US political and media spectrum,
there was wide agreement yesterday, name calling and personal ties are a bad for national and global dialogue.
Promoting the unity were Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's comments that President Bush was the devil incarnate, L.D. Abolo.
Among those exercises and exercise about Chavez's name calling were some of the loudest name callers in America,
and media today, including Rush Limbaugh and other right wing talk hosts.
Limbaugh tried to equate Chavez remarks with the alleged Bush bashing that comes from top US Democrats,
in case you forgot it was Limbaugh who ridiculed Chelsea Clinton, then 13, as the White House dog.
It was Limbaugh in 2001 who routinely referred to Democratic leader Tom Dashel literally as L.D. Abolo.
Along with devil and a blood-dressed theme music, Limbaugh would carry on at length about how Dashel may well be Satan in the soft-spoken disguise.
Fellow Limbaugh in July of 2001, just yesterday as Bush waned his way to Europe on a crucial mission to lead our allies in the 21st century,
up pops L.D. Abolo, Tom Dashel in his devilish devil tree,
claiming that George Bush is incompetent.
Months later, Limbaugh started describing Dashel more as a traitor than a devil who decided to align himself with the Randolph-Korea and Hussein.
Also, in sense by Chavez, was MSNBC host and former GOP Congressman Joe Scarborough,
who last night played a lengthy excerpt of Limbaugh, pontificating about the Chavez remarks.
Somehow Scarborough couldn't dig up the tapes of Limbaugh declaring that Dashel was the devil.
In my new book, Cable News Confidential, My Misadventures and Corporate Media,
I dissect the hypocrisy of a TV news business that is long-cated to hateful writers like Patrick Cannon,
Jerry Falwell and Anne Colter, and TV-Land Vicious Epiphanelers gets a defined announce-out number to sound as progressives as the name-callers.
When I worked at MSNBC on Phil Donahue's Prime-time show, management often complained that Phil, who never named called,
and was one of the most courteous host in TV history, was badgering guests. His patriotism was questioned.
As the Iraq invasion neared, an internal NBC management memo described Donahue as a difficult public face for NBC in the time of war.
Why, because he insisted on presenting guests who were skeptical of the administration's motives?
With Donahue terminated on the eve of the war MSNBC brass turned a host like Scarborough and talk radio, big-it Michael Savage,
known for his declarations that development countries like Venezuela were turred world nations,
that the Latino is breed-like rabbits, and that women should have been denied the vote.
In a TV industry that had been on playcating the far right, Donahue was a difficult public face for NBC,
but Savage was deemed an acceptable face.
Three weeks in the Iraq war, Scarborough was gleeful at boycotts and cancellations aimed at anti-war elite,
like Jean Gragfalo, Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon.
And as a guest on Scarborough show Savage declared that Hollywood idiots were absolutely committing sedition and treason,
responded, Scarborough, these leftist, doges for anti-American causes are always given a free pass.
Let me be clear, those of us who use facts instead of rant, reason and argument instead of name-calling and personal attacks,
evidence instead of intimidation and accusations of this lawy,
we have the moral authority to tell Hugo Chavez that his comments are out of line.
But the limbaugh's Hannity, Scarborough's, nor Riley's are in no position to point any fingers,
nor are the executives of Disney, GE and News Corp who have made them the loudest voices in American media.
Nor for that matter was Team Bush, whose strategy has been to demonize and intimidate critics and other members of the so-called reality-based community.
Take reality based on the truth, as opposed to the dream world that they want us to all be in.
The fantasy world.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
We're fine.
But they're just fine.
It's pathetic.
Let's see how the poll is coming.
We got, let's see, 955 and what?
Huh?
You asking me a math question?
367.
But that's pretty good.
Are you kidding me on the first day of Russian Shundra tonight?
1322, man.
We're going to make, well I think we could do 1500 again today, we would do two together.
And of course there would be those there.
Well, I'd just cheat, you know, you got two different poll-quite, you know, two bad, you mama.
That's my comment.
Two freaking bad.
Two bad about that kissing, two bad about the private radio station.
Yeah.
But they didn't wait any time on that.
They send the engineers right over there in wherever the hell I was in a trailer park in the day-to-year-wherever.
And they grabbed that guy.
I want to give you a kiss.
I'd like to know when they're going to send the engineers down to Cuba to give it out to the lecture or Raul, whoever's in charge this week.
And about the Cuban interference we keep getting because they run 80 billion watts.
Yeah, that'd be something.
Yeah.
When they're going to send those losers.
In fact, you know, Fixed, he likes to travel.
Right.
Then a sluff in an eye, a falls in one and become up here and messed with my board here.
See, I didn't want him touching stuff in here.
Now, I'm sure you can understand that.
I do.
He did.
He did.
He did his good idea.
And when he saw it.
Yeah, then that's right.
He did his coolies on it.
And some of them imported from the old days at IOD.
But yeah, he probably caught up here from Steve Ziegler, no doubt.
Steve, you said that Ziegler.
He was a screwdriver.
Oh, yeah.
In my life, I've been in this business for about 100 years.
I've never seen an engineer who you've walked around with his Ziegler.
That was it.
That was his only tool, so to speak.
Yeah, this big screwdriver.
And he would hold it up like in a menacing way.
Like, you better watch it.
I might use this.
Well, you never know when you've got a twist on.
But yeah, we can get the engineer from here to do that.
He's great.
He knows what he's doing.
And he wouldn't mess up this place.
Because everything is so clean and pristine for the old queen.
It's just great.
I apologize, by the way, for getting that freaks and geeks out of here.
Not to anybody else just to myself.
I don't know anything to anybody, which is I apologize to myself.
Because I look at the pictures and I say, what is this?
Like you said, it's like saved by the bell.
Oh, God.
Man, that's an embarrassment.
But I'll make an exception because James Franco is in it.
And we'll see.
We'll see if it's Franco-American, which of course they make to be eaten.
Who is your favorite columnist or commentator?
You're right.
They still don't understand the question.
Even in the world here.
Don't forget name recognition.
See those two right-wing lunatics you have on there.
Very, very famous as opposed to some of these other people.
That would be like, how about let's put an colter on there.
You want to put an iron there?
Sure.
It's a lute in here.
I could go grotesque dupe to the top.
Dikey ass.
Yeah, put an iron there.
Put man colter on there.
Keith Oberman, 132.
I'm pleased as punched to see that.
You know, it's not a case of monkey-seen, monkey-do.
You know, like they think my taste in music.
It's a person, sometimes I taste in movies, yes.
Look at this.
You know, but the fact is that he's the only hope that's on there.
I mean, he doesn't show where he does rips some bashes these people
and tells it like it is day after day.
And he doesn't give a crap.
Keith Oberman, 132.
Don't have 162.
Maureen Dowd, 44.
Way on down to Biddle Riley, 19.
I hate this poll, 18.
Lute Dowd, 15.
Doug Thompson, 14.
Molly Evans, 13.
Locked it up, the down is got 13.
Greg Polis, 10.
Frank Richson, Paul Corbin, 7.
Katrina Van Hovel, 4.
Tom Hartman, 3.
Al Franken, 2.
You know, I haven't been putting very many stories from the Nation
on there lately.
I guess I forgot.
So I guess I'll have to add some extra ones on there for Josh this weekend.
Just kidding.
Just a joke.
It's just a joke.
Come on.
I sure hope so.
Michael Medved, 2.
David Korn, 2.
That Korn sure is special.
David Broder still got that one.
Probably from Hermione Gingold.
She would vote for him.
Thomas Freeman's got one.
I've got to be a joke vote.
They must like his mustache.
And Kolder went on there.
She's got non-Robert Fisk and David Brooks and John Nichol still have the big-o.
Out of 370, that's almost great.
The biggest reason we have best talent in this is in Angel Rogers, 4.
205.
6.
4.
8.
Mabaloo.
If anybody has a opinion, then it's sending from our way.
In a place your name and through the system, I tend to me out this day.
And those different fathers who quest, yeah, just follow and don't fail.
Everybody's finding bad news.
That's just US days.
Oh, in the act of history, yeah.
They're watching all of you.
Everyone does a shakian.
So why can't you see?
These kinds of formation, under your mightless rules,
in which other nations attach to a saying.
And they gotta hate those truths.
And clinging to Barrow's truth.
That's what we believe everything we tell you.
Under state rules.
Bloodwater for cornbread.
Build up your escondays.
A roof and seiny bush venue.
Backstews, say.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
A bunch of times of these wounds.
We're fascin' ain't it by a chain?
No, don't be so stupid, wounds.
All the hour is racing.
The fact of the earth can wait.
And everybody's turning back, yeah.
Backstews, say.
What do you think?
Wouldn't you change in your reforming, I think?
I think the security castle being made up with the five victors of World War II.
That happened 60 years ago.
And it's time to move on.
And I think that we ought to allow more members and better representation on the security castle.
Let's get a look at the scene.
And then what do you say?
That's Ted Turner, your boy.
There's a newfound boy after it was great comments yesterday.
There's another government of Big Peer.
When you got his money, you can afford to have a big peer.
Open up a big mouth and tell him what it is.
If he doesn't like it, he'll like your order of hit.
Patrick Coburn in the independent UK rights.
New terror that stalks the Rex Republic of Fear.
You want to know what's really going on over there.
And you notice how interesting it is.
I mentioned this two years ago.
And then last year again.
And here it is.
It's like almost the end of September 2006.
And we still see very, very, very, very little live footage.
Or even tape footage of like day and day life in Iraq.
You notice that?
I have.
All the networks are there.
Hey.
Everybody's like cowering behind the trucks.
You see everything you need to see, kind of.
Yeah.
Well, maybe now we'll hear some what we need to hear.
The Republic of Fear is born again.
The state of terror now gripping Iraq as bad as it was on the Saddam Hussein.
Torture in the country may even be worse than it was during his rule.
The UN Special Investigator on torture so yesterday.
And this is about manfred no whack again.
This situation is so bad many people say it's worse than it had been in times of Saddam Hussein.
The report from an even-handed senior UN official is in Shabkhan,
traced with the hopes of George Bush and Tony Blair.
But in 2003 they promised to bring democracy and respect for human rights to the people of Iraq.
The brutal tortures committed in the prisons of the regime overthrown in 2003
are being emulated and surpassed in the detention centers of the present US
and British-backed Iraqi government.
The Tini's body shows signs of beating, using electric cables, wounds, and different parts of their bodies,
including the head and genitals, broken bones of legs and hands, electric and cigarette burns.
The human rights office says in a new report.
The horrors of the torture chamber that led the Saddam Hussein's Iraq being labeled the Republic of Fear
after the book of that title by Kainan Makia have again become commonplace.
The bodies and bagdads more often there are signs of severe torture, including acid-induced injuries and burns,
caused by chemical substances, missing skin,
broken bones, backhands and legs, missing eyes and wounds caused by power drills or nails.
Those not killed by these abuses are shot in the head.
Human rights groups say tortures practice in pre-Yamhood,
but George will put George Will on that poll, okay?
Okay, right, wingers?
Josh Will.
Yeah.
Human rights groups say tortures practice in prisons run by the US as well as those run by the Interior and Defense Ministries
and the numerous Sunni and Shi'ai militias.
The pervasive use of tortures only one aspect of the other breakdown of government across the Mac outside
of the three Kurdish provinces in the North in July and August alone,
in 667 civilians killed, we know that.
One US Army major was quoted as saying that Baghdad is now a Hobzian world where everybody is at war with everybody else,
and the only protection is self-protection.
Iraq is in a state of primal anarchy.
Paradoxically, the final collapse of security in the summer is managed from the outside world because
the country is too dangerous for journalists to report what's happening.
Some 134 journalists mostly Iraqi have been killed since the fall of Sodom in 2003.
They continue rising numbers of civilian skill violently to rack underlines the failure of the new Iraqi government
of Prime Minister Nuri Amaliki installed in May after intense US and British pressure.
The new government shows no signs of being more affected than the old one.
It is just a government of the green zone, said in Iraqi official, referring to the fortified zone and central Baghdad housing the Iraqi government
as well as the US and British embassies.
And an attempt to regain control of the capital and reduced sectarian violence, government and US troops lost operation together forward in mid-July,
but it seems to have had only a marginal impact for a couple of weeks.
The number of civilians killed in July was 3590 and fell to 39 in August but was on the rise again at the end of the month.
The bi-monthly UN report in Iraq is almost the only neutral and objective survey of conditions in the country.
The real number of civilians killed in Iraq is probably much higher because outside Baghdad, deaths are not recorded.
The health ministry claims for example that in July nobody died violently in Al-Anbar province in Western Iraq,
traditionally the most violent region, but this probably means the violence was so intense that casualty figures couldn't be collected from the hospitals.
Nobody in Iraq is safe.
Busses and cars are stopped at checkpoints and Sunni or Shia are killed after a glance at their identity cards.
Many people now carry two sets of identity papers, one Shia and one Sunni.
Car number plates showing that it was registered in a Sunni province, maybe enough to get the driver shot in a Shia neighborhood.
Sectorian civil wars pervasive in Baghdad and Central Iraq, religious processions are frequently attacked on 19th and 20th of August as Shia religious pilgrimage came under sustained attack that left 20 dead and 300 wounded.
The Iraqi state and Russia society have been criminalized, gangs of government are often described on state television as wearing police uniforms.
One senior Iraqi minister laughed as he told the independent, of course they wear police uniforms, they're real policemen.
On July 31st for example armed men in police uniforms driving 15 police vehicles kidnapped 26 people in an area of Baghdad known as Erisat that used to be home to several of the capital's better restaurants.
Gunman, dressed in police uniforms had also kidnapped the head of a racial Olympic committee.
On March of our al-Sadi in 12th of Elizabeth's center of Baghdad, grants and demands were made.
US military suspected that Baghdad's police's serious crime squad may have been responsible and stormed its headquarters to search for the family for the kidnapped victims in its basement.
It is long been a matter of amusement and disgust in Iraq that government ministers travel abroad to give press conferences claiming the insurgency is on sliced legs.
One former minister said, I know of ministers who've never been to their ministries but get their officials to bring documents to the green zone where they sign them.
Beyond the green zone Iraq has descended into a murderous anarchy for several days this month the main road between Baghdad and Basar was closed because two families were fighting over ownership of an oil field.
Government ministries are either Shia or Sunni and Baghdad this month the television crew filming the morgue had a cow behind a wall because the Shia guards were fighting a gun battle with the Sunni guards of the electricity ministry nearby.
Then and now, 1990 here's comparisons, 1998.
The Commission of Human Rights noted massively and extremely grave violations of human rights and of international humanitarian law by the government of Iraq.
Hundreds of executions some boys may have been extra-due desial executions, torture and ill-fremend continued to be widespread.
2006 the situation as far as torture is concerned is now completely out of hand many people say that it is worse than in the times of Sodom.
You find bodies with very heavy and serious torture marks.
1998 in July group of six people including one woman were sentenced to death by hanging on charges of organized prostitution involvement in the white slave trade and smuggling booze to Saudi Arabia.
2006 on September 7th Iraqi authorities announced the execution by hanging at Abu Abu Gharr prison of 27 prisoners including one woman convicted of terror and criminal murder.
In the first mass execution since Sodom Hussein's rule.
And it's going to be on forever. Things are going swimming.
They will go on forever because they shouldn't like you said of attack us.
Let's say fast from Ed from D.P.
He belongs on the Ed Naha.
He's your on level would say, Ed Naha says that on my home.
He goes to get but that's right from my website.
He writes great stuff and almost always on smurkingchimp.com.
That's a great website.
The website is a great website. All of these things.
And the nation which we better start adding a lot of those this weekend Josh.
I mean what would be the absolute max?
Stop turning man.
Why can't I ever say any more than 30?
Are you drunk?
I mean do you remember what happened yesterday?
Did you have a bad day in the casino?
I didn't go to the casino.
Oh okay.
Are you kidding me?
You sent me like 55?
Get out of here.
You're joking right?
I sent him 30 typically.
5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15, 16, 17.
What is a lot?
19, 21, 23, 25, 27, 29, 30.
You could go man.
41.
Wait, wait too many.
But you know what happened don't you?
What happened?
Well no I was basically all done.
You know with my usual 25 or 26 and 23.
And then I came in here last night and I come and dreams had all these
additional other ones on there.
And then I started looking at other places and I found all this really neat stuff.
He just had so happy.
Well I apologize.
Now we're even.
It's for your technical services before.
Okay.
My emotional breakdown over this.
Well ever since I watched Chris Van and his old which is your fault I've never been the same.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business real raw trust.
For radio 560, UAM.
And now everybody knows about all the school.
You should make some serve of it.
School.
Well she made those weird old man.
But with the mean things that she sent.
But with somebody just grab that bitch.
Slam her upside the hell.
Well just school.
What a bit of old school.
I want to hear no more about it.
I just wish somebody would shut her up.
Well if Anne thinks she's so tough.
But why don't we find out?
But put her in a room with Rosie O'Donnell and see which one comes out.
But old school.
But Rosie would.
Let's make Anne sick a little longer.
By giving her an uppercut to the job.
You did.
You brought you more.
It's 103 at 560 WQ AM.
I forgot to tell you this before some good news.
Since you hate Walmart like poison.
Yeah.
And I think you like target.
Yes.
Well here you go.
Walmart's the world's largest retailer.
Plants to slice the prices of almost 300 generic prescription drugs like we told you yesterday.
But you don't have to go to Walmart.
Okay.
Minneapolis based target corporate.
The country's number two discounted behind Walmart.
Said it would match its rival's lower prices in the tenth of the area immediately if not sooner.
A news release last night didn't say a target would also do so as Walmart expands the program.
And the company didn't immediately reach her in a phone call.
She can comment from ABC News.
But the statement said targets long-standing practice.
It's to be price competitive with Walmart.
The drugs will be sold for as low as $4 a month supply.
And include some of the most commonly prescribed medicine such as metformin,
a popular generic drug used to treat diabetes, and the high blood pressure medicine,
Luzinipril.
I like that.
And about 300 drugs.
So you want to get a whole bunch of drugs.
Go to target.
A brand.
I have to go to, I mean you can go to Walmart if you want to.
We would go once.
Please if you did not.
I hate Walmart like poison.
But nevertheless.
So there is the deal.
You can go to target and you don't have to be a co-wrestling to go into Walmart.
As a continuous sending their testicles and their tentacles in the air,
whether it's food, whether it's like gardening stuff, what you name it, man.
Drugs, toilet paper, right?
Oh yeah.
They want, they want to grab you and take every dime you've gotten.
They just take you up and shake you upside down.
I'm not going to casino.
It's the same thing.
Just pick up your ass and shake you upside down till every coin falls out.
Kind of like McGreen.
Here's the fact that it says, for this handwriting, it looks very familiar.
Russell in New York.
Does that hand write with very familiar?
Yes.
Well, you must be a chronic rust.
It says, please put Bill Press.
Ah!
Ah!
I'm going to have a little time to have that attack.
A pedal attack.
A freaking press.
A magnetic attack.
For years, he used intelligence as a good humor to counter all the way when talking heads today.
He hosts a fast-paced morning show on Sirius left and Rift W and ask every day.
I'll take your word for it.
Let's put Bill Press on there.
Because last couple of times I see him on certainly not news network.
He was really, he was kind of like Al Martino.
Very weak.
Very weak.
Oh my God.
I couldn't believe it.
And then Chris Madness, he's over and slaps him in the head.
You cannot block a man!
Put the mask on.
Now he gets very excited when he talks politics.
You know, Chris, a fast-paced morning show on Sirius left and Rift W and ask every day.
Thank you Russell in New York, have a great life and your handwriting is very, very familiar.
Is that?
Oh yeah.
It must be a former chronic faster.
And it came in on a different fact.
Now let me ask you something.
I just had a curiosity.
Has anybody called in since Joshua Courses taking many calls off the year?
Well I stopped.
But stop one.
I stopped doing it.
Why is that?
Because I just wrote down my attorney's phone calls and that was it.
But nobody, what I was going to ask you, nobody called any names for this poll though.
Yeah.
Well so that proves you are aware you're not taking calls so they're not going to call.
I don't know but you don't understand.
See I think, I think we, I mean better late than never.
But I think many in the day when we had those boring, a poll building for poll buildings,
boring you know, you do know that.
Right.
And all we would get is I got one for the poll.
I would have been much easier.
They could have just called Josh and he would have passed him along thus.
Here's another name for the movie poll or the actor poll or whatever poll we were climbing.
You know, hey do we have the area in the Huffington on there?
No but we ought to.
Why not?
Okay.
From the evening.
So if she's sure got the light, she saw the light.
Now why don't we have Michael Moore on there?
Isn't he a commentator?
He has his columns, he writes periodically.
He's got his own website.
How come that Michael Moore is not there?
Good part.
Yeah, let's get Arianna Huffington and Michael Moore.
We're trying to pacify the right wingers, you know, with Bob Novak and O'Reilly and all these other,
you know, we didn't put Bob Novak.
We'll put his ugly old ass on there too.
He won't be around much longer.
He walks with a steep cane.
439 votes.
And look at all the people that don't have any.
Bill Presswell, he just went on there.
Ed Naha.
Uh huh.
George Will and Claudeur, David Burson, John Nichols.
Well, some of those is probably just as well.
Bursh taken aback by Musharov Comen.
That he was threatened by the US, you know, likely story.
President Bursh said that he was taken aback by a purported US threat to bomb Pakistan into the stone age
if it didn't cooperate in the fight against terrorism after the non-loven attacks.
He praised Pakistan, he president general, pervert Musharov for being one of the first four on leaders
to come out after an unloven attacks to stand with the US to help rid out the enemy.
And of course to continue selling nuclear technology to every tenth world country you can to make a buck.
For being one of the biggest crooks anyway.
And to join White House news conference, Musharov said a piece treaty between his government and tribes along the Pakistan Afghan border
is not meant to support the Taliban.
Oh, not the Taliban, man, man.
He said news reports and mischaracterized the deals.
The deal is not at all with the Taliban.
This is against the Taliban.
This deal is with tribal elders, Musharov, Bissan.
Bursh said, I believe him.
He said the Musharov had looked him in the eye and found that the tribal deal was intended to reject the televanization of the people
and that there won't be a Taliban and there won't be an Al-Qaeda in Pakistan.
Anybody believe in it? No. No.
In an interview aired on 60 Minutes this Sunday, Musharov said that after terrorists struck the US on 9-11,
then deputy secretary of state armadage told Pakistan's intelligence director the US would bomb his country if he didn't help.
The intelligence director told me that you better be prepared to go back to the stone age, Musharov told 60 Minutes, the stone age.
Armadage told CNN yesterday he never threatened to bomb Pakistan.
Wouldn't say such a thing. It didn't have the authority to say it anyway.
He said he didn't have a tough message for Pakistan telling the Muslim nation it was either with us or against us.
Oh!
And lying through his teeth as usual, good old W. Said, the first I heard of this is when I read in the newspaper,
I was taken aback by the harshness of the words. Right.
The harshness of the words and of course the loudness of the bombs and the intensity of the death and the death of the West.
Right.
Wow.
There's more on that doodle stuff.
That was kind of an interesting story to me.
Doodles, presidential doodles.
President Kennedy scribbled Vietnam over and over drawing a box around the word each time.
President Eisenhower sketched a picture of himself looking larger than life bear tested with a head full of hair.
Oh my god, he must have had...
More than I've bargained for.
President Reagan doodles smiling cowboys alongside love notes to his wife.
Little Nancy.
President Carter and Ford left no scribblings.
Well, I should tell you about right there, shouldn't it?
It's not the first thing a scholar might search for in the public record, but presidential doodles hold a certain fascination for the historically minded.
Doodles are often the last remnants of unconscious, unscripted presidential writings said David Greenberg.
By the way, happy new year, David, who I historian who examined two centuries of scribbling by commanders and chief for a book appropriately titled presidential doodles.
See, I thought a book I would get.
I don't mind reading it here on some of these things.
I've seen a couple of presidential poodles maybe.
The book includes the absent-minded scratches of 24 presidents plus a note from President Bush collected from public records and are crimes across the country.
What is that?
Oh, Greenberg cautions against reading too much into a doodle, but he believes they offer glimpses into the president's private side.
So much of what we hear from the president is planned and vetted by focus groups.
It's unspontaneous. These doodles are exactly the opposite.
It's often unconscious.
Like the brainstem, the shoes master.
The doodles do seem telling, take Kennedy, for example.
There's the box in rendering of yetnom, which has an obsessive anxious field of wood.
An immortal producer in a visibly by the shore of a rank Kennedy doodle the words, Iraq, Syria, and Egypt, and put boxes around each word as well.
Greenberg views these sketches as a window in a Kennedy's problem solving process.
In another Kennedy doodle, he would seemingly modern day relevance, I mentioned this the other day, he wrote 9-11 repeatedly, and the word conspiracy next to it.
He also inverted the numbers writing 11-9.
11-9.
Conspiracy.
It turns out that was the telly of a committee vote, not a foreshadowing of 9-11.
I see, if you read a little bit more than you find out.
See, you just get a little bit of view.
You got to like Paul Harvey says, get the rest of the story.
That was the number of a committee vote.
I said nothing to do with 9-11.
See that?
Good morning, American.
Right. Good day.
And it goes on about Eisenhower and all of a sudden, very boring.
President Johnson, oh my god.
Are we going to get to it too about the propaganda that the Republicans are spreading to black Americans, about how the Republicans are the ones who copped up this old rice luncheon slightly, and how the KKK was formed by Democrats, all of this stuff.
You know, this, like, you know, Carrie did say the truth only he kind of whispered.
This, this crowd is the worst.
They are the absolute worst in American history.
There's nobody even close.
It's the mob they took over.
He just doesn't have the balls to open up a big mob and say it because I guess he values his life and, you know, how silly of him.
Just unbelievable.
There's another thing about doodles here.
And I just, I don't know what the hell I did with it.
I had like little blurbs.
One of my candy written on the stationery from the rice hotel, which reads, Houston's welcome to the world.
He drew a sleek sailboat on calm waters.
It looks peaceful and pleasant and he sketches the night before he was assassinated.
When it comes to sheer talent, Thomas Jefferson, a renowned architect, was exceptionally skilled, but his papers contain proper drawings.
The closest thing in the record is that he constantly drew up codes.
He had a bad code and he probably gave it to his maids too.
Remember his black maids?
Oh, really?
Oh, really?
So maybe when we Thomas Jefferson really was the father of our country and our church Washington after all.
What do you think?
The illegitimate father of our country.
That's correct.
Just like our illegitimate president that we got right now.
The biggest name of the best talent in the history of the Unrotten.
It's the 2006 QAM.
It's the 2006 QAM.
Mercedes-Benz Grand Flameting Contest.
If a Marlins player hits a grand slam in the fifth inning, you could win a two-year lease of a Mercedes-Benz state to 30.
For more information and to enter, log on to wqam.com today.
The 2006 Mercedes-Benz Grand Flameting Contest from sport radio 5.60.
QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Here she comes.
Going on the air.
She's reading her news now.
Hey, who really cares?
Hey, hey, Katie Curret.
The viewers are on the attack.
They're too busy on it.
I want them by the fire.
Hey, hey, Katie Curret.
You're a little too far into me.
CDS, fine, too.
Just fine now.
You're overgrown, tell of me.
Hey, hey, Katie Curret.
You're just an example to me.
Of the main attempt to move some ratings.
Think I'm moving to ABC.
Hey, Katie, your stuff is 1.19 at 5.60.
We need, let's see, we have 1424 votes between the two polls.
76 short of 1,500.
If we got to 1,500 on the first day of Russia's show,
I mean, it starts at sundown, but never less.
It would never be quite a feather in our camp.
In our skull camp?
Yes, it would be.
Wow.
I'm actually George, we're even going to go into the show.
I really thought, I wouldn't even do it.
We're all the headgear.
I can't see that.
That's just one religion.
We got 4.69 on the current poll.
But what we need to do with it, we got 40 minutes to get 76 votes.
That's 2.00 minutes.
More or less.
Right?
Right.
Like I said, we just got 2 more.
1426, the poorian.
And when we will do a play-by-play, each one comes in not.
Robert Ray Heisenga, son of Miami-Balphins owner,
Wayne Heisenga, could be sentenced up to 6 years in prison today
for a 2003 drug-driving incident in Fort Lauderdale.
Last month, the younger Heisenga pleaded no contest
to a felony DUI charge.
And a misdemeanor court account of refusing to submit to a blood.
You know what this reminds me of?
I was thinking about this the other day I got sidetracked by myself,
which I often do.
It's the other reason I don't need any calls,
because I can just argue with myself.
But remember I was in limbo there after Paxton paid me off to go away
and you were doing your flunky stuff for the station, right?
And I remember going to a hockey game one night, the old Miami Arena.
And this was after this was after Greg Reed deposed one of his stunts
and made promises that he didn't fullfill.
And I was starting to get the feel of what this place was all about,
the beesleaves and Greg.
And it was like some really sour feeling.
And I remember Mike, what was his name?
Chris Moore, not Michael Moore.
Chris Moore, the oldest, first Panther's radio broadcaster, Will DB.
And he's up there with the Dees Pothan, Dumb Frog, the F.
And he's going on about, you know, Wayne Heisinger,
they got the Dolphins on that station and he owns the, at that time,
I think, the Neonah Marlins also, at that time.
I think he's going to.
Yeah.
And I don't think the enlarge is ever going to be on it.
It's that already sent a contract, but Chris Moore,
I'm running around breathlessly, announcing to everybody.
In fact, I think he said it on the air one morning.
He did.
Yeah, he said it on the air.
I don't think the enlarge is will ever be on this radio station.
Well, here we are almost, huh?
I don't, I agree.
I don't think he will be either.
Oh, here we are almost nine years later.
I'm still on here going strong, kicking some big fat nasty gross ass.
And where's Christine?
And more where she vanished to somewhere in one of the 85 different
to beyond the VSPN.
No doubt.
If that, I just thought I'd mention it because it was so stupid when he made that comment.
I don't think you're like, wait, I'll never put up with this guy.
Well, you know what?
Let's see, do we have the dolphins anymore?
We lose money on any more.
No.
Is way known to Marlins anymore.
No.
Does he own the panties that we have anymore?
No.
So what do we got to do with Wayne?
Absolutely nothing.
Absolutely.
Am I correct?
You are correct.
I mean, even though we have to suck up the dolphins a little bit because we have the real pregame,
show in the real postgame, show you know, we want to pretend that we're, you know,
real tight-led dolphins.
Right.
Of course, we don't.
We aren't.
And we know that they suck.
And that they're lucky to sell that their third game is against the little girls teams
and that their 11 point favorites.
And otherwise they've had a, if they were playing like any real team this weekend, they'd be
one three.
I'll say that right now.
Of course, I know they're not playing any other teams.
So it's very easy for me to make that kind of a statement, right?
Right.
Josh agrees.
If they were playing like a real good team this weekend, they'd be on three.
And listen, I wouldn't count out the fact that they could be on three.
You mean, even against, uh, yeah, I wouldn't, I don't think it's that they're going to lose.
Titans?
I wouldn't count it out.
Yeah.
Well, you thought Buffalo would beat him too.
You thought, uh, Buffalo, I mean, you thought they could be Buffalo.
I did.
Buffalo everybody was saying Buffalo would be a weak sister.
Yes, what's sister?
In December 2003, Robert Ray Heisen, who was 44, was driving on Las Vegas Boulevard.
When he struck a 71 year old man, who was crossing the road.
The man, amazingly, was not seriously injured, but spent the night in the hospital.
Heisen is the UI.
Rest his third and 10 years becomes an automatic felony.
Is it, you know, this is, this is just by luck.
I'm not going to profess any psychic powers here, but it's 23 past one.
You know what time is hearing you set for this afternoon?
123.
130.
Oh, okay.
At the Robert County Courthouse, Sir Kid Judge Michael Kaplan will decide to either descend
into prison or give a lesser punishment for making him rubbed at his ball spot for five years.
Is that incredible or what?
Or make him go to a dolphin game?
Well, they'll teach him.
And if you go to that stadium, he's some of that crappy food that Josh was forced to eat.
And they even took the car veil out of there, didn't they?
Yes, they did.
Bastards.
You know, what am I saying?
I love that.
That was about the only thing I enjoyed there was the car veil.
Hot Fudge Sunday, we were like a lot of extra cherries on it.
Yes.
Did you like cookie puss?
What the hell was that?
The Carvelle Cake?
No, get out of here with that.
Hot Fudge Sunday, man.
I'm chocolate ice cream.
We're like lots of extra cherries.
Mmm.
Boy, those were good.
And what did they put in there?
Why do I want to go into that?
Wow.
All I can talk about is what I missed there because I liked it.
And Fabrice used to bring those sandwiches before they gave me those fat-filled sandwiches from that
sub shop in Kindle.
And we would talk about a fat cookie puss, man.
We said that before the game just chow and down to have it a great time before some of those
chronics used to start coming over.
And I never forget it.
As long as I live, you remember the two sisters at the bookstore from Detroit.
Oh, yeah.
The tool bags.
And we spent like half of the time we were there with them, entertaining them and shooting them.
And then they were all bent out of shape that we didn't spend out of time with them.
Right.
And I got a fax or letter from them or something.
Boy, you didn't dance with them.
Yeah.
No kissing.
Didn't do a kazaski and give them like a little tongue.
But the best of all, though, even better than that was the guy.
And I didn't remember him.
Some guy, some young guy and his wife came, you know, rich and arson.
They're in, mighting your own business before the game in our seats in those days used to pay for my own seats.
Enjoying a meal, watching the practice before the game.
And this guy comes by and brings his wife.
And as always, I'm always very, you know, like not not like on a kissy kissy with everybody.
But hi, how you doing?
Nice to meet you and I'm friendly and pretending I was happy to see them even though I'm trying to eat.
And then he called me, called one day, or sent me a fax about how,
while I brought my wife by how you did with soup there like some kind of a bump on the log.
Like I was posting it up and you had dance for them.
Yeah.
You had dance like Tucker Wilson.
Get one of those canes.
Just draw hats.
Yeah.
And that sure wasn't even on the air back then.
What a jackass.
Like I owe him some kind of entertainment.
And it's not a radio show when I'm out there in a ballgame.
Okay, what did I hate then?
I just, then the guys that were coming knock your beer over or whatever.
And just idiots.
That's one of the reasons it's so much better to stay home and watch it on TV.
Just like here, you don't think I go to the hockey games do you?
I don't know.
Not good, it's not that far.
I could hop right on the subway.
And the subway takes you right into the air Canada center.
But who now wants to go there and deal in it?
It's not like me believe gardens where people used to be a little more gentle and gentle.
And like when once the appearance started everybody had their ass in there.
See not anymore.
And so they walk in front of you and they got their spill in your beer and food on you.
Like, you can't even see the damn game.
I don't want to be around people like that.
I want to sit in front of my beautiful big HB TV, watch the games in HB which they all are.
And enjoy it and listen to Joe Bowen and enjoy it.
That's all.
Now how would the fight in these slabs, these drunken slabs and these snobby,
and slabs and snubs?
That's what you got.
There you go.
Yeah, that's it really.
Those are the people I call the slabs and snubs.
The people in the platinum seats where they are $300 a ticket or whatever the hell it is.
It may be at the air Canada center.
And when the period starts it's like five minutes before you see those idiots back in their seats again.
Because the two busy schmoozing in the club section under the stand will screw them.
I'll watch that on my TV for free.
Thank you.
Hey, have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the moment that the store and the people are stopped hearing about you?
You know, we got your money get lost.
Well, dial amacres, here's the good news is that they're best after you buy that new mattress from the market.
I should know because I've been using dial amacres for years for a long, long time.
Call them toll free at 1-800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices lower than the chain stores.
dial amacres also gives you a call month financing.
Call them and you'll get the lowest prices on the best brands.
I've been telling about these people for years and I really mean it.
You have to be a knuck job to buy a mattress any other way.
Seely, sirter, king coral, Simmons, tempera, pita, stirons and foster hue, whatever you like they got it and they're ready to deliver it right away.
dial amacres has a 99.7% on time delivery rate which means they let you pick the two-hour window any day of the week,
seven days from 8 in the morning till 10 at night and they show up on time like from noon to 2, 1 to 3 whenever you want and when the words convenient for you.
In fact, if you call right now, you could be sleeping like a child in real comfort as soon as the night.
Don't forget, after care is one of the major reasons why dial amacres continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
It's the only way to be doing it.
Call dial amacres right now, toll free 1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES.
Be sure to leave off the license because it stands for Stu Penda Savings and Stu Barnes.
The biggest name, so best talent, this is Neil Rogers for 20560-UAM.
Getting stoned in South Florida.
Oh right!
Let's go to South Florida!
Well, they're supposed to be some words here, but I forgot because I'm supposed to be working fine.
I would have lost the losing everybody out there was smoking fine.
Fine, I saw the supply and mail in the red actually better than the real again.
Oh!
Let's go to South Florida!
Let's go to South Florida!
Let's go to South Florida!
Let's go to South Florida!
You're fairly!
134-26 before Mad Dog time and two.
I don't think we're gonna make our 1500 between the two poles, that's bad.
503 on S1, 955 and S14-58.
We need 42 votes in 26 minutes.
Well, that's not even too a minute, but I don't think we're gonna get it.
Unless we really put the pedal on your metal.
I don't understand this fact to you because I just Googled it and I got it in my hand right now in the facts too.
It says, oh my god, quick, quick, I just Googled how we're David and clicked on the Wikipedia definition and it says, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
David was also a CBS's radio lead, Play by Playboyce for sending a football coverage to 95 when CBS moved him out of a football both replacing him with a long time voice, a wait a minute. See, my mind is chopped off. You read it to me. When CBS what? I don't know where you left off. We moved him into the Monday night football both replacing a long time voice jack buck into. Here's the part you need to read. Yeah. He left them after the 2004 season because he was intimidated by infamous talk show host Neil Rogers, hilarious parodies of him taking
free pizza. Oh, for me. Get out of here. That's what it says. No, it does not. Yeah, it does. It doesn't. Not a mind. Not a mind. It doesn't. It just says he left them after the 2004 season period. So I must begin a different Wikipedia man. I think I found very interesting two things in 2006 David provided hand by hand coverage for many events that the world series of poker for serious satellite radio, which is mildly amusing. And then at the end, I see every day where you see that. It says currently, David is what?
Out of sports USA Jones radios NFL voices right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then it says in 2006 at the very end. Right. Now that I go to the last sentence of the paragraph before that. But it's not on mine. Don't you want to say it says he left them after the 2004 season period. The rest of it's not on there. Oh.
And then the categories for you to click on it says you're a birth missing. That's the part that I don't know. Some other music. So anyway.
Well, so I have only one of our cranks to put that on here. You know, just like they put on there about your agenda and your thing on your thing.
Well, though on my on my page and Wikipedia, where it says at the end about, you know, when he's not there, whatever that said, what did it say? You were pond risk and the coma and do sing and whatever. No. And still had much higher numbers than the sports segments on the radio station each and every summer.
Including this one. So we have a trend when Monday at 10 30. I think all right. Something to look forward to, baby, because that's going to be two
turds of the summer book. Wow. Heavy, heavy duty, man. You can almost smell it from here. Two thirds. And of course, across the street, they're going to be.
It's a good thing it's a Jewish holidays because Joel Fiber is going to be sitting shivvy, baby. They're going to have to go to show a lot and pray for a number of Monday. It's not coming. 523. Okay.
I think we got a shot. Now see when he boosted them a little bit. Josh said, you're not boosting. Sorry. I think I think that's going to have to give you better instruction.
Next week, maybe we have to give him better instruction. We're not losing more of my accounts to busy ducking.
Let's see. Oh, I see. Oh, there it is. See, on mine, see what you'll be as you know, this is the thing that's disturbing me about that.
Although no, in a way, it's good because people can put entries on there that for people who get looked over like me, we didn't have anything on
here for me. And we get some of these other marginal human beings on there. It's pretty embarrassing. He left physicians, both physicians,
after Super World 38 to 36 to take a position with a dolphins. He left them at the act of the 2004 season because he was
intimidated by infamous talk show host Neil Rogers, hilarious parodies of him taking free pizza. You're right. It was most amusing.
And even though you're right, it's more amusing when you see it. You know, let's run in front of your post. The pizza and somebody
grants it on your hand. I'm used to post a play. Oh, for me. That's it. You never did send that to me, brother. What the all for me? Yeah, you have that. I know I don't.
Under what? That's all that's all I just clip that from that ID that 12 to 1 hour or one to two hour, whichever one, one, two, three, four, five,
Oh, I just stopped it and dubbed it from there. How can I have him play that in a long time?
Talk about it in my old cameras. Is it the 12 to 1 hour? That is the one.
More out of the day. Yes. And this portion of the Neil Rogers and the 12 to 1 hour is brought to you by the
Let it 12. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8, 11, 12, 7, 8, so like this of pizza. Oh, I can do that.
Oh, and I real, real cleanly, but I can do it. Yeah, let's stop with the most. I was most amusing. I like it. 21 till 2 at you. I'm not going to read that.
Most start now. Do the break first. Black Republican groups and accuses Democrats are starting to KKK and claims Martin Luther King was a Republican.
Which we say. Oh my gosh. The biggest name. The best talents to the business. Neil Rogers.
For 20 or 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,
9, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
, sometimes happens fast, there are few , From The Fourth World
 Because of this wonderful album, my program ended up giving a punch this afternoon.
 vlogs video, that kids get naked before freely talk about or get along with their twins while dancing in that or not.
, medelnn
, 
rights legislation from the 1860 to the 1960s and were responsible for starting the Ku Klux
Klan. Isn't that lovely? The National Black Republican Association, the NBRA. Although
it doesn't mention any candidates, he has been here to support the Senate Governor
Michael Steele, as he runs against 10-term congressman Benjamin Carden for the first open
Maryland seat in two decades. Last year, Democratic Senator Paul Sarvey's announced he wouldn't
be seeking relations to a sixth term. The 60-second added shape is a casual conversation between
two African-American women who want to explain to the other how Democrats had banned
boozled blacks into believing that their parties are more for the civil rights movement than
the Republican Party. The character named Tina claims that Democrats passed those black
codes and Jim Crow laws starting the Ku Klux Klan and released those vicious dogs and
fire hoses on black people. According to the Tina character, Democrats have talked
to talk that Republicans have walked the walk. Girl, it's time for us to do the walk to
women's seat together. Then you know it, girl. The National Black Republican Association
believes that their edgy ad paid for by the black Republican Freedom Fund, a 527 organization,
will open the eyes of black Americans by sitting in the records straight, even though civil
rights historians obviously challenge their claims. They should be screaming about this
story. There should be Democrats on air on every talk and head network and even on
the comedy channel screaming. It sets the record straight demonstrating that was Republicans
not Democrats who championed civil rights for blacks over the past 150 years. NBRA Chairman
Francis Rice said in the press release, I didn't know LBJ was a Republican. Democrats
have hijacked the civil rights record of the Republican Party and fought every effort
of Republicans to help blacks get off the Democrat Party's economic plantation. Although
the tentacabitor still told the Washington Post only yesterday, before he heard the ad
that it was about time Republicans speak to their real place in history and to debunk the
myths, his campaign released a statement earlier today asking the group to pull it. Pull
it. Pull on it? Hard. And nothing's happening. NBRA's current radio ad is insulting the
Marylanders and should come down immediately to steal campaign statement. Although they
may have had good intentions, there's no room for this kind of slashing, verdant partisan
politics. And the important conversation about out of best bring meaningful change to
Washington DC and get something done in Maryland. Oh, brother. The Washington Post spoke to
a University of Maryland political scientist who slammed the ads distortions. It's totally
police's rendition of the platform of the parties because it affected what has happened.
The two parties essentially switched to ideology. Ronald Waters told the post. The AP also
notes the NBRA describes itself on its website as a resource for the black community on Republican
ideals. Doesn't say how many members they've got. Last year was reported that half of the
newly formed groups board of directors have resigned. At the same time, the Bush administration
was taking heed for the federal response after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans. The organization
and its current leadership is heading down a much different direction than was envisioned
by myself and the other board members said former communication director Christopher
Aps in an email yesterday Manhattan journalist Steve Gilear wrote a post on his news blog
which contained a point-by-point response to each line in the radio ad. In reaction to
the claim that Democrats want us to accept the same sex marriages, Tina Borsen without
appearance consent and suing the Boy Scots were saying God in their pledge Gilear fired
back. Most black people care more about jobs and are acting gaze getting married. He told
Ross story that the ad was especially offensive because it assumes that blacks are unsophisticated
voters who are driven by emotion when Maryland just may have the highest concentration of blacks
with advanced degrees anywhere on the planet. So try and rewrite histories in solving. He
said people know the history of the two parties and this is just offensive. How do you like
that? Democratic strategy is Joe Tripley told the Washington Post the statement was almost
as bad as what the website did to try to sphere an entire party with one random person
through up on the web. How do you like that? And the candidate Michael Steele knows that
the radio ad is a time bomb that he's going to pay for. Well just let him pay for it.
I hope it explodes right in his ass. You know what year it is? What year is it? You're
the current 5766 maybe. Oh how did you wish? New year is right is a looking back grimly
on the passing year and with a lesbian he's wore still fresh in their minds. See a little
hope that the coming year will vote any better. According to Jewish tradition Russia's
show or New Year which begins at sundown tonight offers a chance to turn over a new leaf
of fig leaf and part of the passing months. Now go back to that pull about the Jews being
very popular in America is appointed in terms of what religious groups are admired, etc.
And atheists being one of the least next to science colleges. How about somebody born
a Jew who likes Delhi? I guess they split the difference. Can I get off the hook on that?
Somebody born a Jew who can hate for like Delhi a lot. Lexes, blinces and is Kishki.
5.63 now what is that? Oh that put us over the edge. That put us over the top. We got 15 million.
We got over a thousand. I mean over 1500 all together. Now exciting. Really? The passing year
5766 in the creation of the world of Krona Jewish tradition took Israel through some of the
most dramatic moments of its recent history. It began with his wheels withdraw from the
gods after 38 years of occupation. So the disappearance of Edmund leader Ariel Shiroun who
still off tourists and the election of the radical Islamist Hamas moving in the Palestinian
territories. And now the year and shortly after the lesbianies war which many consider
a failure both politically and militarily. No kidding. No Schmidt. How are those cluster
bombs you want by the way? Yes. You might say that that war that invasion at Bush prompted
was a bomb. The year 5767s beginning with Israelis disappointed in their government angry
over the mistakes of the lesbianies war and deeply pessimistic about any breakthroughs in
the Al-Badmourabund Middle East process. In other words the Jews still hate the Arabs
and the Arabs hitting like poison back. I like that. I mean you know like they said
to Godfather they had us so we hit them back. We hit Bruno Tataria 3 o'clock this morning.
Remember that? I do. 563 votes. Who is your favorite communist or a commentator? Keith
Obroman 204 man he kicked ass. Nice going Keith. 8 to 9 p.m. on MSNBC every Monday through
Friday countdown. Don't have one 90 more in doubt 88 68 or he just he just dominates.
That good? I don't know why 24 from six people. Hate this tool 23 Mali Evans 20 duck tops
in 19. He's great. Lou Dobbs 18. You're great. Come back again like Chris Matthews would say
if he was talking politics. Great to last 16. Rush Limbaugh 16. Paul Krogan 13. Frank Rich
a dozen. Michael Morton. Al Franken had six. I like that. In everybody else fairly small potatoes.
You. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm here.
What did you hear about the Muslims and what they've done?
They said fire to some churches. They shot and killed and done. I'm tired of a hand.
They say they're not really violent. They say they're not really mean.
All the Muslims are mad at them. Then it's 16. Then it did 16.
What did he say? They make those Muslims so angry and act that way.
Maybe it's because he's from Germany.
That's what it is. He ties his shoes a little nice.
Then it's 16. Now they're protesting in judgment.
They're all so many things. It's a proper no harm. They say the folks be fain.
All over the place. They're burning up with cheese.
Here. All the Muslims are mad at them. Then it exists.
All the Muslims are mad at all. Then it exists.
Bye.
Bye.
