So I got a great poll question for you.
Yeah, good. Who would you most like to see go
quail hunting with Dick Cheney?
The Water Nazi.
Okay, well, put her on a list.
Give me an honest answer, you know.
Yeah. It's not a bad poll question.
That bitch. The Water Nazi.
Remember what I said a couple weeks ago?
The liars will continue to lie and the game players
will continue to play games and the rotten, miserable bitches
will continue to be rotten, miserable bitches.
Remember I said that?
Yeah, what happened now?
What do we what happened now?
Oh, I guess I'm not going to say hey, hey, hey,
going away cards for Greg Reed.
Yes.
And so your buddy, the beast there was called in and was
a brow beaten for not signing the card.
And with every letter under the, I think there ought to be
a, some kind of a lawsuit on that.
All the foul language, the F word,
and every other word that's ever been used.
You don't sign that card.
How do you think you are?
You might have, you know, and then Josh Cordis
was demanded to come in there to the Water Nazis
office on Friday and told the sign Greg's going away card,
whether he wanted to or not.
I would like to sign that card.
I got a couple messages.
I didn't hear that.
The beast never told me about that.
Well, he'll tell you about it as soon as we get through
confabulating here.
Wow. We need more than just a new general manager.
We need mandrake the magician.
I'll tell you, you're right about the magic one.
I have two pieces of copy that have expired.
Yeah.
That we told the salespeople, I don't know how many times
last week, Friday is the last day for this copy.
Right.
But of course, nothing happens.
Well, a lot of, a lot of faces are changing and the revolving door
is spinning around like a dreidel and heat at Hanukkah time,
but the fact that a matter is not, not much is changing.
No, not yet.
So I just, you know, until I see something concrete, you know,
I mean, you know, it's nice that there are new faces showing up
and everybody's running around like chickens with their head cut off,
but as far as getting any feedback or copy,
we still operate like the shlockiest of the shlockmysters, man.
I just, you know, I mean, you're a salesperson.
How do you not service the people who are working with you?
Because it's the QA, MF and Wade.
And just see that sign in Georgia's room there now,
it says, just give us the F and money,
and that's been up there for eight years.
Yeah.
That's our philosophy.
We don't care about servicing.
We don't care about copy.
You know, in the audience, it's like, oh, are these guys going off on this again?
Yeah, because it never changes.
It's frustrating.
They're just, they're just, is not a desire around us via a whole bunch of these people
like do anything like professional.
They're just, shlocking their way through life.
Just sucking the free commission off of a lot of accounts that, you know,
were on before they got there.
And the ones that they haven't just destroyed yet,
we say, do a good job on that.
I'm with you.
But the thing with the water nuts here, I mean, you know,
I mean, you had your run-ins with that bitch,
and it's just, it's unacceptable.
Brow beating the people and swearing at them and yelling,
I remember very shortly after I first came there.
I was still down in the second floor, and I got on the air one day,
and I didn't hour rant and rave about her behavior in a parking lot.
She was, she was one of my least favorite people speaking of sales rules,
Gary Sarner, but she was just bitching and scratching.
I'm going to go to Gregory, if you think you're going to pull this crap.
Don't mess with my, and she wasn't mess.
Every other word was the effort.
You just can't have that kind of crap going on in a workplace.
It just should be allowed.
You're right.
Just like all those encounters you had with Scrooan in a parking lot,
she was another pleasant one.
Oh, Hersh, you won't see her no more.
No, I know that, but I'm just telling you.
Same thing.
Hostile, nasty.
Well, there's a hunting trip going on right now.
Your grip is precise for a 202 bad Scrooan could have been under with the water,
not see, we could have made a two for one deal.
I got a great column that John Nichols wrote in the nation this morning.
It's really funny, as hell.
Cheney gets his gun, and the essence of it is that he did this a favor
by getting all those deferments from Vietnam,
because he obviously can't shoot straight.
Most straights a great column.
This is the weapon of mass destruction.
Yeah, a gun in his hands.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I go first of all, you know, anybody in his position that spends his spare time,
I was hoping when I first heard the story that was Scalia, that guy shot,
but it turned out it was some schmuck we never heard of.
Some instead of the eight-year-old schmuck, Rich Muck.
But this tells you how old Rich guys running around shooting, you know,
shooting crap, poor helpless little birds.
Yeah, there you go.
Although they might be saving us from the avion flu.
Maybe they were listed in my show, you know, kill a bird for Christ.
Gotta get rid of them birds, man.
Each one could be a threat to the existence of the human race.
Well, I'm sure glad we got that out of our position.
Yeah.
Of course, so you already learned something.
It's just barely after tenure.
We learned about the Awater Nazis, Brawl Beating and so on.
Yeah, I didn't know anything about that.
You didn't know anything about that.
Well, he'll tell you about it.
For some of my hearing afternoons.
Well, aren't you lucky?
Now, did you sign the Go-Aid card for Greg?
Of course.
You did?
You think I want to get yelled at?
What a worst.
God.
You actually sign it.
What did you write on there?
My name.
That was it?
Yeah.
That's all they asked you to do was put your name on it.
Did you go on any pictures or anything?
No.
Yeah.
Actually, I drew pictures of dead presidents, I was.
I made a lot of money for them.
Yeah.
What a place.
What an unbelievable place.
See, that big blizzard they had in the Northeast?
Yeah.
How did it get to you?
No.
They didn't go anywhere near here.
Went right up the east coast.
I know.
They were coming up towards Boston.
13th of February.
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day.
We don't have a flake of snow underground.
We have a few flakes around the building here.
27 inches in New York.
Yeah.
Record.
But third man.
Boston?
Yeah.
That was poor bastards reading out it.
We don't have any of it.
Which, when it smells like that.
Yeah.
Well, it doesn't smell like that very often, but still.
No, but I remember growing up as a kid.
Yeah.
We looked forward to those days when you looked out the window.
You had to go to school.
And you wouldn't have to go to school.
Of course, I only lived a block from the high school.
I used to walk to school every day.
But even so, it was always very pleasant when you could go back to bed.
Yeah.
I like those days.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't like shoveling the stuff, though.
That's one of the bad things.
I never shoveled snow in my life.
Never.
I have to go out and shovel the walk.
Really?
Maybe that explains it.
Explain it to me.
I don't know, but it just sounds like something.
When you write your autobiography and put it in there.
Yeah.
My parents hadn't made me shovel that snow.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be gambling today.
That's right.
That's probably what you made it into a compulsive neurotic gambling.
That was it.
Yeah.
Anyway, well, it's the start of another week.
I'm not gambling today.
Good.
You neither.
Too cold.
It is pretty chilly down here.
Really?
Well, I sure sympathize with it.
In the 30s.
Really?
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Well, it's only minus five here.
I know it's going to be minus two.
It's going to be 28s going to be our high today.
But later in the week, I don't know what's going on again.
Wednesday, partly sunny in 41.
Thursday, 41.
Friday, 46.
I don't get it.
Not that I'm complaining mind you.
I'm not happy about that.
It's not bad at all.
No, I think we're going to pass on Wednesday this year.
Let's skip it.
Well, I'm going to go sign a piece named to the card.
Yeah, go up back there and mark your teeth out
unless they're soaking in a glass at the moment.
Well, I tell you why.
I'm serious that I would love to come there and put not her teeth
right out of her mouth.
I really would.
She's got to be the nastiest excuse for anything
I've ever encountered in my life.
Don't laugh with my log.
Yeah.
A real pleasant bitch.
And now what she's going to do,
she don't have Greg Reed to go complain to anymore.
I'm going to go to Greg Reed.
What's going to happen to the Gregies?
Don't know and don't care.
Well, you already saw Ray Perry went out the door.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, when you have a regime change,
and of course the salesman, you went out the door.
Well, he wasn't really a stiff.
Stiffy, yeah.
And now we got a new salesman, Andrew,
but he's nice if he moves into town more.
I haven't met him.
He's showing the good things going.
I guess they had a big powwow this morning.
Yeah.
They were all the people who didn't get to sign the card on a Friday.
I guess maybe they showed up in there.
Be sure and sign it this morning.
If you just rest assured,
it'll be nice to know for all the peons around the building
that Greg is still on a payroll for another 10 or 11 years.
Thanks to that stock deal, whatever that was all about,
when Beasley went public.
So he's still on the payroll.
So all the lemons who are making like 275 an hour,
don't expect any increase.
That's like a Martha Mitchell situation.
Don't start living beyond your means,
because there ain't no mole cash coming your way.
Although, Josh Cordis, if he plays his cards right,
he works about 90 hours a week.
And every weekend, he might make another 20, 30 bucks a week.
Yeah.
Like, can my guys can't even afford a reading and writing course?
That's why they get signed.
Well, that's why you got a $1 money gambling.
I mean, if you didn't,
it's not like he used to be.
I remember when I first came to the station,
I was in shock.
He had Donnie B and he had Jason Blasblog and all these,
they were like all little appendages of you.
They were all like your protégés,
Hank Jr. gamblers.
You had a gambling club going on there.
I didn't encourage him.
Hey, discourage him.
Well, they just wanted to emulate you.
That's all.
All right.
Well, I'm going to, I'm doing an explanation.
Look at Sue Gus.
What about him?
He wants to emulate you.
He wants to be a big sports talk show guy.
Yeah.
Well, I'm signing his card.
Have a great day.
You too.
See you tomorrow.
Like I said.
Yeah, that's cute.
See you tomorrow.
Come on.
We're not working on it anymore.
I am.
For a lot of days.
I am.
Oh.
You know it.
EY.
Succeed.
A S.
For the rope.
Win free.
What did you do?
To just fit a book that wasn't quite true.
For the rope.
Win free.
Defending James Fry.
Though we told a million little lies.
To be rode a book about his time and rehab.
But now it seems that we've all been had.
Next we'll find out he never spoke to him.
He wasn't taken to collect.
Dang, he stands.
I think Daddy's full of it.
Hope for a win free.
What should we do?
We only read books that you tell us to.
Maybe you are the ones on drugs.
For putting his book in.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
Or for his book club.
By the way, you've got this fax about.
Game player.
B.S. artist.
I beg your pardon?
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
I think a junior is a missionary in an evangelist.
What's his fax?
What are you talking about?
His son is...
Yeah.
Huh?
Never the less.
Or is this the other son?
He's got two sons.
One of them is...
Yeah.
Maybe there are other ones in the missionary position.
I don't know from them.
Do you want to go ahead and pass it along?
Send it right along.
Peter basically died.
Maybe he got shot by a device president.
Peter Benchler, 65, author and conservationist who wrote JAWS.
And I still say it's overrated.
It was very good, but it was overrated.
And if you watch it again now, it's really camped.
I agree.
Yeah, very camped.
I loved it a lot, but yeah, overrated.
Once was enough.
Right.
Because if you see it the second time years later,
it loses the initial...
Because you already know what's going to happen.
You know, the best part is one of their all drug and singing.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you like those movies with drug teenagers,
especially if one of them is Michelle Williams.
Yeah, that one.
I mean, she's not that...
She's...
I don't know Scarlett Johansson.
She's just...
She's not good.
She's cute.
She's not cute.
She's got a nasty nose, man.
Those looks like she ran into a brick wall.
Don't look at her in the...
A bug turned up nose.
I looked at her and there are two different movies there.
And why I made special notice, those are great noses when they're turned up like that.
No, is that it?
Yeah.
I think you've got something else they want to turn up.
But anyway, you know that.
Peter Benchley 65, the author and conservationist,
who wrote JAWS, the Shark Attack Nevelets,
become a classic movie.
See, Richard Dreyfus was in it, saying,
oh, right off the bat, it loses a lot of points.
And provided a nation with three old children,
McCree Nightmares died February 11th.
That was a Saturday.
This home in Princeton, New Jersey.
A relative said he died of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis,
he progresses scarring of the lungs.
Through the book, which was Mr. Benchley's first novel
in the movie for which he contributed to the screenplay,
he arrived in nation's deepest fears about undersea dangers,
beach hazards, and the carnivorous perils
of an arching mouthful of menacingly curved triangular teeth.
Wow, who the hell wrote this in the Washington Post?
Good God.
Woo!
That little carried away.
Just like those kids got carried away by the shark.
And anyway, a lot of you folks liked it,
but then again, you loved the blazing saddles too.
I liked it, but you loved it.
Like Dom Bellarwee said, or his brother said,
the junior said, you like bread.
You love bread, I like bread.
Remember that?
Too much bread.
Bread.
Well, here's the story about Wayne Heising of Junior.
That is really something.
That is amazing.
He's a religious nut now.
Maybe he always was, which is...
Oh, this is not the right one.
This is the other Wayne.
This is the, oh, he's a husband of father of four,
a businessman and evangelical Christian.
He's an evangelical Christian.
Well, praise the Lord, past the ammunition.
Oh, sorry, Dick.
Dick Cheney's added again.
Got a whole bunch of stuff to do here today,
including all these polls.
I want to say American History Exist is fantastic.
Thank you to the eight million people recommended it.
Right.
Went out there and brought it yesterday.
Watched it last night.
Sensational.
I'll give it a 22 on a skill of 10.
Power.
That could.
Power of 10.
Not a happy ending, but nevertheless.
Oh, well, but nevertheless.
Right.
In fact, it was logical.
It's all logical.
When you reflect on it,
and you look back at the whole thing,
if you're well, it's pretty much how it had to be.
But great movie, great acting,
Ed Norton is sensational in spite of what George said.
No, no, I know he's been in some clinkers,
but the prime atmosphere, he was great.
Yes, yes, he won.
And he has to be great.
So he'll make an applause for a performance there.
Even Jackie Gleason was kind of fun at Norton.
14 past 10 at 560 WQMR.
No, sales people are ice holes.
Stay tuned.
We're going to live in Klumman with Ben Johnson.
Right after this.
Hello, I'm an Olympic athlete.
You know, we losers travel at top speed.
And when we're going around those curves,
our teeth could fly out at any minute.
That's why I use dentsupreme to keep my teeth tight
and my smile bright.
Dentsupreme, the official dentsupreme of the 1992 Olympics.
So, 1988.
Robert Ben Johnson turns in a record-breaking performance
and its proverbs of steroid use.
The rumors are true.
He goes on the chain.
This has been Olympic moment.
The official Olympic moment of the 1990 dual Olympics.
All right.
Yeah, all right.
It's right.
I don't want to be negative again,
because I got accused of that all the time.
I told that I loved American history, and it was great.
Yes, he did.
But the Olympics, forget about it.
All of this hype and just craziness.
But what about the loser?
And I want to blame the Canadians.
They deserve to take the blame.
That's the reason the NHL players are over there.
First of all, Olympics are supposed to be amateur sports.
Not professionals, okay?
Whether we're talking about basketball, hockey,
whatever the hell it is.
Oh, just wait, because when I turned on the Olympics,
I saw women's hockey.
So, you know, there's some amateur stuff going on.
Yeah.
And by the way, very good sportsmanship too.
The US Olympic team, women's Olympic hockey team beat Italy
on the opening day 16-0.
Is that right?
The US team had 60 shots.
All right.
Not the US.
Canada.
I'm sorry.
Canada beat Italy 16-0.
Canada had 60 shots, and the Italian woman had five.
Very competitive event.
And the whole thing is a joke.
But again, if weren't for Canada's neurotic and periodic complex,
the NHL definitely would not be over there.
And they shouldn't be because they, first of all,
I missed a whole year with that lockout.
They just tried to build up a little bit of momentum,
just a tiny bit.
So now they take two weeks off.
And a whole bunch of injured players, like Chris Proger,
who was playing with a fractured foot,
he's going to go over there and jeopardize maybe the rest of his season.
So if you're the fans of any team who's got a player playing over there,
like Jay Bowle, Mr. for the Panthers,
and whoever the other ones are for the other teams,
Brian McCabe from the Leafs,
you ought to be really pissed off.
Because a lot of these guys, or guys who are like,
just came back from injuries,
or have already got borderline injuries,
and they're going to go over there and jeopardize their health
so they can come back and bring the gold back for the ego
of, you know, primarily Canada.
Very bad.
Not to mention, of course, Needle knows, and his wife over there
probably got heavy bets on the game.
What a bunch of crap.
And then, of course, the figure skaters.
You see, it's just going to show you what hype is all about.
The whole world is about hype.
Yeah.
Then, seriously, that's the only thing that's all about.
All the garbage that people get hyped up with.
Just like, for example, this is facts from Jay.
Normally, you and I aren't on the same page
when it comes to movies.
Well, I don't know.
Otherwise, you must have bad taste in movies, Jay,
because my taste in movies is excellent.
I mean, I don't expect most people to be fixated
with imaginary heroes,
and George thinks it's because Emil Hersh is in it,
and I'm going to tell you again,
I watched it again last night.
I got my own copy after what's American history is.
I don't think that.
I'm just teasing you.
No, I mean, yeah, I like him,
but I mean, the fact of the matter,
and he's good in the movie,
but Sigourney Weaver is so great.
And I watch the movie because it brings a lot of emotions,
at least in me.
And I'm not Mr. Croix at the movie kind.
But it's just a very emotional movie.
And especially, I think that the neatest part of that movie
is the relationship that he and his mom have.
Right?
Right?
Well, I mean, don't most people wish
that they had that kind of relationship with either parents?
Sure, I'll take it.
Yeah, right, exactly.
And of course, well, what's this you just sent me?
Losing dolphins, right?
So it's beastly fourth quarter.
Look at that.
Oh, hey, listen, bad news, Josh.
You know that paint raise you were supposed to get?
Yeah.
And George, I don't want to give you the bad news,
but the reason that Joe's having lunch with the debate
is enough that they're cutting your salary in half.
The company that owns five South Florida radio stations
has reported a fourth quarter
revenue decline.
Part of the decline in sales came with a company
lost rights to broadcast dolphins football games.
Now, see, revenue decline, but that doesn't mean
that they were making money on it.
So we said the difference between gross revenue
and net, the articles for the crowd.
Beasley broadcast group said it earned $1.5 million
or $6.00 a share on revenue of $30.6 million
for the fourth quarter.
For the same period of the year before,
the Naples-based radio broadcasts
you said earned $3.9 million.
Wow.
Earnings.
16 cents a share of revenue of $33.4 million.
During most of the recent period,
Beasley said it's of a $2 million impairment charge
all related to their brains.
Related to FCC licenses and outside custom art,
they will want that guy to do with us.
And $300,000 in stock-based compensation expense
that sounds like Reg Read and May.
The lost dolphin rights cost $1.6 million
and revenue, Beasley said.
Those rights would have, well,
$1.6 million in revenue, but they were paying
more than that for the rights.
Right.
Those rights would have mostly impacted
QAM 560, the sports talk station,
the Audi, Audi, Audi, Audi,
it lost its dolphin rights to Waxi,
which is paying $4.5 million.
Well, we made $1.6 million in revenue
from the dolphins last season,
and they just got through paying $4.5 million.
That means that if they were able to get as much revenue
which I doubt, they lost $3 million on it.
Maybe they'll get more.
Prime time media group may ask the ticket.
For the year, Beasley said it earned $10.7 million,
or $4.4 cents a share on revenue of $124.3 million.
The year before the company said it earned $12 million,
or $0.49 cents a share, revenue of $122.2 million.
So the revenue went up, but the profit went down a little bit.
Well, two freaking bad.
George Beasley said the company continues to work
to convert its station to high-definition radio broadcast.
Anybody out there own a HD radio?
No.
Duff's got one, and they're a radio too.
Among the benefits of a HD radio,
we said it improved audio quality,
better signal reception, song, and artist information,
which of course has a lot to do with us,
and the ability to choose between multiple programming options
on the same FM frequency.
We're working on Duopoly, screw you guys.
Yeah. Remember that? Mike Disney? Yeah.
We're working on Duopoly.
You guys can go to hell.
In other words, radio business sucks.
We just find another, you know, on-you-punks out there,
find something else constructive to get involved in,
because they're not going to be radio.
It sucks. Anyway, Jason's we're not on the same page
when it comes to movies, but I couldn't agree
with you more regarding Backdoor Mountain.
It wasn't the abrupt genus that filled the screen
that turned me off to it.
It was the other lack of a story and plot.
Now, here's the sentence that really just crossed my ass, Jay.
No movie has ever gone anywhere so fast.
I'm sure that's a...
This, he must be on, he must be on, uh, speed.
He must be on something. I don't think that's what he meant to say.
No movie has ever gone anywhere so fast.
All the hoopla on press this thing received just proves
the controversial subject. We'll sell in America no matter what.
It was like watching a western version of Will & Grace horrible, so Jay.
Western Will & Grace. No, it wasn't even that.
I mean, that was just incidental to it. All the, uh, you're a factory.
That was almost incidental. It just didn't go anywhere.
It just, I don't want to go through the whole thing, again.
It sucks. I don't care what anybody says.
And it proves what I just said. I'm gonna go, America's all about hype.
The whole world is all about hype.
Just like that stupid, oh, there's an invention coming.
That's gonna change the way we all live.
And we're all gonna be, uh, yeah, remember that?
Oh, yeah, the Segway. The Segway.
How many people out there in this audience you think ever, uh,
not only have them, but know anybody who owns one.
About third minute.
Segway into this. Segway my ass.
God. Hype.
Just like that thing with an Oprah book.
Hype and it turns out to be a bunch of lies, but all those women,
if Oprah tells these women to go and fart in somebody's face, man,
they're down at all four is just squeezing for, uh, for good reason.
Because Oprah said so.
And that's what the world's all about.
The world are a bunch of sheep, man. Maybe that was the real message in,
and, uh, bear back in mountain.
The real message in the world of sheep. Yeah.
Maybe there was a little, uh, huh, message in there somewhere hidden.
All them sheep up there in the woods and all they can do is, uh,
like attack each other.
This is Neil Roger.
And a feed-on here is put in.
He's 5'62", and he goes, goes, goes, goes.
He's done.
And nothing brings him down.
He's like a farm.
He's got the biggest sheep all around.
And then no!
Tom will just tell you for you.
You've got your suit, suit, suit, warm, and so thin.
You're still in one tree, oh.
Who I can see, I'm standing here on the attack within the turning of trees.
I say he's making us freeze,
but it didn't come to be.
But he's going to go ahead and draw, huh?
So let Donald Trump, don't be a child.
For you, Donald Trump.
10.32.5.60.
We have had any money to him.
We got courtesy to the day to be involved in Dole from 2 to 4.
And I'd gone 4 to 7.
Geldie tonight.
But we got a lot of Geldie on here, too much of the ass.
May 7 to 10 tonight, 8 to 10 o'clock.
Geldie is 7.
Three solid hours.
Because, and not only that squeak, but then again, when Geldie's on,
he starts with that hockey thing, because he's the voice of the Panthers.
And if there's one thing that'll send almost everybody in the audience
to another station, to the IT room, to diving off the balcony,
it's a hockey talk.
No, what I'm saying?
Hockey talk.
Hockey talk.
And oh, and just so that you know, and I told you this before the show,
I will not be watching the last hour and a half or however long it is,
of a very ass mountain.
See, I'm all broken up about it.
I'll bring you a amount of money.
I thought about it.
I thought about it.
I considered it, and then I went out and got American History X,
and I'm so happy that I did.
Because I'm going to watch movies.
I'd rather watch one that I enjoy as opposed to watching
being obliged.
It's like a blingatory.
Well, you've got to watch this because everybody's raving about it.
Well, the same was true, but that awful, awful, that other one.
What was it?
The constant gardener.
Or the constant gardener.
The gardener.
The gardener.
About high in Maryland, gardener.
I'm doing the same thing I did a week or two ago.
I got a whole pile of poles here.
Now that's good.
And I inspired myself to do one, which may be for tomorrow.
Who or what is the biggest hype of all time?
All right.
I got my church.
You want to hear my list so far?
Sure.
I haven't even gotten to the result from Friday or the one we got going today.
That's how pull-intensive I am right now.
The Segway, which you just mentioned.
Elvis.
Yeah.
The Beatles.
American Idol and Religion.
Oh, you don't have my toys on there.
What's that?
Hey, it's Ali.
Oh, Howard Stern.
Yeah.
That was Howard David.
I thought I might have been missing something there.
Howard Stern.
Very good. That's good.
Anyway, on Friday, we did this poll over the weekend, though.
You've seen every episode many, many, many, many times.
What TV series will you never get tired of watching?
We had 2441 votes.
Holy moly.
Too bad not as many people read the bedtime stories as vote on these stupid polls, you know what?
If we had a lot more people reading the bedtime stories that we were so feverishly to get on there for you.
Although the sad part about that is even when we do get a big result, it's usually like a story about the just aforementioned Howard Stern,
which we had one a few days ago.
That was the most red story of the day or one about the rolling stones and the words that got bleeped out in the Super Bowl.
And they thought it was really stupid.
That got the most reads on that day and I just want to kill myself.
We can make those headlines whatever we want.
Why don't we just put it like a P word or a T word?
Yeah, headline.
I can do that.
We get a thousand reads on a story one day.
Yeah, vice presidents.
Absolutely.
No, vice president calls off.
There you go.
Punishes him for his errant ways.
Right.
Anyway, TV series you have a good time watching SignFeld 470.
Simpson's 241 Star Trek 216.
All in the family 162, Mesh 154.
I'm going to put that on this other pool.
All right.
Good choice.
Huh?
I mean, that show is sucked.
Anyway, South Park 143, married with children 79.
Family Guy 73, soprano 69.
I love loosely 56.
Law and order 55.
Mady Python fly circus 54, cheers 53.
The honeymoon is 48.
Faulty towers 44.
Curbianthusiasm 33.
Friends 32.
NYPD Blue 31.
Sanford in Sunhead.
But 30, man.
Rest of development 27.
Also 27.
Mimey vice Y50 and Batman.
Sex in the city 22.
Wild Wild West 21.
Hogan's hero is 21.
Beverly Hillville is 21.
Aquitine Hunger Force 20.
The Andy Griffiths, your 20.
The long before he made that movie, a face in the crowd.
Or long after.
I got to get that too.
I forgot to get that yesterday.
David.
I read the review on it.
And it's just, I mean, like 85 stars out of 10.
Really?
24.
Had 19.
Green Acres 15, soap 14, scrub 13, monk 12.
What else monk?
It's a OCD detective show with the head for the movie.
The odd couple 11, Mary Tallahmore show 11.
The Jefferson's 11.
The shield 10, blind date 10.
Mission impossible only 6.
Kojax Solomon, they say.
Future Rama 5.
Michele's Navy 5.
The prisoner only 5.
Poor Patrick McGuin.
What's he doing?
L.A. law 4.
Parfid's family 3.
So that means the guy with the eyes voted 3 times.
Canon and his boyfriend voted once.
Canon 3 and 77.
Sunset strip.
We were past 2000 votes and still don't have any.
And then 2 out of sympathy voted 2 for 77.
And only 3 for Canon?
4.
You must hate fat people.
What's wrong with you folks?
There is.
Frank Canon was great.
Now the poll we got going today.
And I don't want to confuse you with a whole bunch of them.
But that's good.
I like that.
It worked very well the other time.
Who is the funniest man in the history of the movies?
And we did this once before.
But we only had a very limited number of choices on here.
I don't know why.
In fact, when I look back through the history of the ancient polls
and the ancient Egyptians, I just, I don't find like a whole lot of choices we put on there.
Why is that?
I guess we'll be finding our poll methods.
You know, kind of like they do with the elections in the US.
They refine the way they do it the polling.
You know, one for Carrie Fyfe or Bush.
Who is the funniest man in the history of movies?
And we already got 349 votes.
And I just put this on her.
I forgot to do it last night.
I just stuck it under before the show.
Mel Brooks 51, Peter Sellers 36.
Oh, that's that blazing Saddles crowd again.
That's right.
You know, Mel Brooks is funny.
But he's not.
He's not that funny.
No.
Exactly.
In fact, I think that his wife and bankrupt was a lot funnier than he is.
Okay.
No worries.
Don't you think?
Sure.
She was pretty funny in FATSO.
Yes, she was.
You don't think?
Especially.
Oh, especially when she said things like.
You ate the only.
Like that.
And she wrote it and directed it too.
I think she was pretty talented.
She was great.
Mel Brooks 51, Peter Sellers 36.
The real Inspector Knoesu.
Groucho Marx, oh, he was a bastard.
But then again, we're not asking who did you like.
See, a lot of people can't separate that.
Groucho Marx 33.
In fact, did we really need to know that he was a bastard?
Does that mean he has to know these things?
No, I don't want to know that.
Groucho Marx 33.
Richard Pryor 27.
John Candy 27.
Rodney Dangerfield 25.
Who finally croaked.
Am I right?
Yeah.
We're each other hung on a long time.
He was dying there.
He was dying longer than what's the Larry Hagman?
Larry Hagman's been dying for about 10 years now.
So, in Curie 21, Moe Howard 19.
Not to be confused with.
Dr. Dolt.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
He was in the middle of the night.
I asked him how come he looks so old and Jewish.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I don't know what I talked about.
I said I worked there for three weeks.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three weeks.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three weeks.
I think I worked there for three weeks.
I think I worked there for three weeks.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
I think I worked there for three days.
Three hundred and seventy-three votes on AirGram Chapman.
Let's see.
Did we add Graham Chapman?
We did.
Did we add Eric Eidle?
No.
No.
Well, let's go with that.
What's wrong?
Is he Chop Liver?
For my money, he's about as funny as any of them.
Right.
You don't think?
I absolutely agree.
They're all funny in their own way.
I mean, they've just got to play just a little bit.
Here's a little number.
But I wrote the other day while not duck hunting with a judge.
Oh, how appropriate.
Who is that?
The version is a little Roger.
I've got to play with the vice president.
Oops.
Stop us at night!
The changing is real pissed.
It's all the don't like guys.
Wish it says no one knows.
Her party's between the sides.
You're fed up with it.
Here's why she denies it.
But G.O.P. has her head.
First has the gay amendments.
Come out from the closet, G.O.P.
Wish you see how it's done.
And now the last thing I'm putting on is one.
You're not that she's got laddles away.
And some beautiful sheep hair.
I'm dead and young.
Deep, we should see how it's done.
And not a daughter who is a lazy young.
And of course, some rhymes with it.
I saw the movie over the weekend.
It's one of the things I should have been on it.
Remember we had the thing about when you can't cut off when it comes on TV.
But I'm a cheerleader.
Oh yeah!
That's one of the funniest movies ever seen in my life.
Just a panic.
What's her Leo and Natasha Leone?
I don't know what it means.
The red one.
And Natasha.
Historical.
Anyway, Cheney accidentally shoots cattle 100 in case you've been under a rock or just all passed out.
It's hung over all weekend.
Sure took a while for this story to come out though.
Yeah.
Happened on Saturday and then yesterday we're getting breathless updates.
Well, I've got to tell you a little little of the thing here.
I'm just full of it today before we get into this.
6.45 on Friday evening.
I'm watching the NBC evening news, which I do every night.
I think going to commercial.
So I start channel surfing and go over to CNN real quickly.
And Lou Dobbs, the anxious fat face, Big Mouth Lou Dobbs, he's got Ed Rollins, the Republican and Joe Klein, representing the less than the right wing on the other side.
And they're both sitting there and I'm really like mesmerized and they're ripping the Bush administration for being the most incompetent bunch in the history of the country.
And just totally inept and they're like in there.
They can't even function anymore.
And the government is like incompetent.
And Lou Dobbs, who is one of the biggest Bush apologists, unless he's talking about outsourcing of jobs or illegal aliens, those are his only two issues.
But other than that, always sucky sucky.
He's got that little American flag on his lapel.
He looks into the camera and says, and where have we been?
Where has the media, it's like all of a sudden he got religion.
Like he got born again.
Where has the media been?
Why haven't we been reporting this?
You guys are absolutely right.
This administration is totally inept and they're frozen and they can't do anything that are like incompetent and blah blah blah.
And I thought to myself, I have to be dreaming this.
And so I rewound it because you know when you're watching when you're, you know, got that Tivo feature, you can like even though you're not recording, you can like if you're watching the channel, you can rewind it.
And I had to rewatch those five minutes again just to make sure that I didn't dream it.
And then last night at 11 o'clock, when they didn't have it on before the election in 2004, God only knows.
But CNN puts on the CNN presents and they have the whole history, the whole evolution of this lie about the justification for interwack and the aluminum to and the condolese and the mushroom cloud and all the sexing up of information.
And they had the whole thing on it was almost like I was watching a CBC documentary that we had on our website or any of this other stuff.
So I don't know what's going on here, but maybe at least for the weekend or for a couple of days, somebody over there at CNN got religion.
I don't get that. Maybe they stuck their finger out the window and they realized that the wind is blowing the opposite direction and they better like jump on some other glan wagon.
Vice President Dick Taney accidentally shot and watered a companion during a weekend quail hunting trip in Texas, spraying the fellow hunter in the face and chest with shotgun pellets.
Henry Woodington, a millionaire attorney from Austin, was alert and doing fine in a corpus Christi hospital. He's doing fine.
After he was shot by a channey on a rancid in South Texas, some cancer and Armstrong, the property's owner.
He was described as in stable condition. Armstrong and the interview with the associate oppressor winning the N78 was mostly injured on his right side with the pellet sitting his cheek neck and chest during the incident which occurred late after the non-saturday, but they kept it the secret until after him yesterday.
He sent emergency personnel traveling with channey tended to winning tin to the ambulance arrive.
Channey's spokeswoman, Leanne McBride, said the vice president was with Wittington and his wife at the hospital yesterday.
The shooting was first reported by the corpus Christi caller Times. The vice president's office didn't disclose the accident until nearly 24 hours after it happened.
It's not something like champ aquatic all over again, only nobody died yet this time.
Armstrong said while she was watching from a car while channey, Wittington another hunter got on the vehicle to shoot in a cubby of quail.
A cubby of quail. Wittington shot a bird and went to look for it in the tall grass while channey in the third hunter walked to another spot and discovered a second cubby.
A cubby of quail. Wittington came up from behind the vice president and the other hunter didn't signal them.
We're indicated that we're announcing himself, hey, I'm over here. I'm over here.
Which of course is ridiculous. The vice president didn't see him, she continued. The cubby flushed and the vice president picked out a bird and was following it and bought a baby.
And by god, Harry was in the line of fire. God peppered pretty good. Don't teach you, Harry.
That's such crap.
Wittington has been a private practice at Cerny Austin, but if he put a boop, he owns property worth at least of a low-minute dog.
He's another one of these rich bastards right where he is.
This is something that happens from time to time. I've been peppered pretty well myself at Armstrong.
Channey's spokesman.
Yeah, peppered.
Clawed peppered.
By the way, the water not so you get fired yet or what?
Oh, she is just unacceptable on a human level, unacceptable in every aspect.
Bits and people are because they don't want to sign a card.
My new all business and boy, you talk about somebody that was like an appendage to Greg Reed.
I think they were like sewn together at the hip.
James and Sarah Brady made comments today related to vice president Channey's accidental shooting in Texas.
Now I understand why Dick Channey keeps asking me to go hunting with him, said Jim Brady.
I had a friend once who accidentally shot pellets in his dog and I thought he was an idiot.
I thought Channey was scary for a long time. Sarah Brady said now I know I was right to be nervous.
He's a very scary guy.
What a piece of mercy.
There's no acceptable reason for that to happen.
No, except that he's an idiot.
He is a responsible, careless.
Well, John Nichols writes, Channey gives his gun.
He said sure it's been fun joking about the fact that Dick Channey obtained five,
count them five, the firments to avoid serving in the military during Vietnam.
Sure it's been amusing to recount his limp claim that the man who served his George Bush,
the first secretary of defense had other priorities than taking up arms and defensive as country.
Sure it was a laugh on the chief cheerleader for the war in Iraq, mock John Kerry,
for having actually carried a weapon in time of war.
But now it's time to stop laughing at Dick Channey's expense.
Now that the vice president is accidentally shot in a wounded,
they can paint it on a quail hunt at the elite Texas ranch where rich men play with guns,
spraying his 78-year-old victim a friend in the face and chest with shotgun pellets
and sending the man to the intensive care unit at a corporate-sgrisity hospital.
It's become clear that Channey was doing the country a service when he avoided service.
Despite the best efforts of Channey's apologies to have it otherwise,
the man the vice president mistook for a quail,
made in their attorney Henry Whitdington, was in plain sight,
wearing a bright orange vest as a time the president blasted him.
U.S. troops had enough problems in Vietnam without letting a trigger happy and competent like Dick Channey
start shooting things up from behind the lines.
Those the firments were well and wisely issued.
Very well said.
For the poll, Curly Howard, somebody says.
Now let's get Curly on there along with...
Curly Howard.
See I guess we should have put the three students since we did that in Castella to late now though.
Well we can do it anyway what?
Can we really?
Yes.
That's not what I heard.
That's not what Joyce said.
417 votes.
The funniest man in history movies, now books 68, Peter Sellers 41, Groucher March 36.
Richard Pryor 33, Jim Carey 28.
I wonder how Richard's name, not Richard.
George Feneman, still dead?
Thanks a lot.
Jim Carey 28, John Candy 28, Rodney Dangerfield 27.
Oh howard had 20, with only one D at the end.
John Cleese 20, John Volushe 19, Woody Allen 14, Laurel and Hardy 11, Chevy Chase 11, Gene Wilder 10.
WC Fields 8, Evan Costello 8.
One of me too much.
Jerry Lewis 8.
Hey ladies.
Come on Jerry Lewis only 8.
It's pretty funny.
Looking.
Yeah Steve Martin 7, Charlie Chaplin 7, especially when his head blew up like a balloon that time.
Albert Brooks 6, Harold Lloyd 3, Bob Hope 3.
See Harold Lloyd's got 3.
What do you know?
Who was to keep in two?
Bert Larr finally got one.
Who's gonna have the cowardly lion?
Bert Larr.
Yeah.
Curly Howard, Michael Palin, why didn't even know we put him on there?
We put him on there.
All the pipe.
Well good.
Terry Jones, they're all on there.
All the money, Python, Terry Gilliam, Eric Heidel and Graham Chepin and they all have none.
How can, how can, well, we got a long way to go buddy.
We get those money, Python people go.
Frank Abox, Neil Roger.
Wait some up.
I think this is 5.16.
Q.A.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Oh, what can you get this?
I can get a little piece of white.
Wow, I am over.
What are you doing here, Donald?
When I wake up in here, I blow light open,
dressed up like honey, even, that's for you.
Tell you, you're forcing me to do this.
Can't think, how about a nice Hawaiian punch?
Sure.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
I'm going to get a little bit of a nice punch.
1110560 WQ.
On the 2-4 slot, we have the Curtis today.
On the revolving door between two and four.
It's kind of embarrassing.
I'm not that Curtis is honest and embarrassing
that we don't have somebody on there.
Anyway, interviewing Wayne Heisinger Jr.
says the Palm Beach Post.
The man gobbling up primary beer at Beach Waterfront Land.
The way Ricky Williams eats up football yards
comes with strings attached these days.
The 44-year-old son of the Martin County-based Alpinzoaner.
Wayne Heisinger wants to guarantee.
He'll have some control over what's printed.
He needs to be sure his strong religious beliefs are highlighted.
I wanted understood that there may be three dimensional person.
I'm a husband, a father, a fore, a businessman,
and an evangelical Christian, Jr. says.
Well, praise the Lord.
Jesus Christ.
And as the vice president says, past the ammunition.
And those who are out with him in the late 90s,
the entire statement sounds like an epic turnaround.
Heisinger Jr. after all was the wild one.
He couldn't turn down a drink.
He spent as much time in million-dollar fishing tournaments
as it worked.
His yacht was named Florida Fishing after his wife,
or Fonda Fishing.
Fonda Fishing, and that cute, after his wife Fonda.
Fonda Fishing.
Cruman War Polo shirts with a drawing are perfectly bucks and mermaid
with Fonda's face.
Now, Jr. spends at least one full day a week at the giant Calvary Chapel
in North War Lauderdale and Wednesday nights and Saturday nights.
In other words, he's a nut job.
Jesus Christ.
Still, don't think Heisinger Jr.
isn't ready to follow an approach that has a bit of a stuff businessman dead
who built a blockbuster in auto-nation.
Jr. is finding time to assemble enough reverberate beach properties
to build a $100 million retail and residential project
expected to lift the blighted city.
My conversion came five years ago, Jr. says that was at Calvary.
There was thunder and lightning outside.
I ended up on my knees.
Listen to this.
I ended up on my hands and knees crying and asking Jesus to come into my heart.
Jesus Christ.
Oh my God.
Sure.
Oh, with her that.
At first, he confesses it wasn't easy.
I'd still go up to him and ask, glancing at her breasts, are those new?
But suddenly, I felt so bad I had to walk away and ask Jesus for forgiveness.
Finally, Heisinger Jr. says he no longer feels empty.
My dad asked me that if I thought God was calling me to be a pastor, Jr.
said, I don't think so.
I'm exactly where I should be.
I'm a missionary and an evangelist.
And of course, he's also making a big box.
That's not in the article.
I thought I'd better put that in there.
Making a big box.
In other words, he's got the evangelical spirit, but not that.
That's not much.
Paul, Amos and Andy.
No.
Oh, that's for the funny guys.
Funny movie guys.
I'm Andy.
Okay.
They take movies?
I don't know.
I don't know some movies.
That's good.
I'm sure they did.
Google it.
Okay.
I'm sure there was an Amos and Andy movie.
There was an Amos and Andy TV show and a radio show with the white guys on a radio and
fight it whatever that person.
Remember that?
Yes, I did.
On the TV show and any radio.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, you know, let's get a few calls here going.
Okay.
This week we have 50 different polls going.
See, I don't want to do that one about the movies with bad endings yet because we're just
doing a movie poll here or last Friday.
And we start doing too many movie polls and that guy will call it.
I don't like movies and yoddy-oddy.
But I'm a cheerleader.
I only got TV results for them.
Yeah, I don't have any movies.
I don't think they did any movies, Amos and Andy.
I think it's just a racial thing.
So we're trying to like stir the pot.
That's what that's all about.
I don't believe it.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N.
Yeah, can we move it along?
Yeah, move this.
Move your ass a little.
Correct them.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
And here, the blinds digs are out of the game today.
Taft and I had it.
Okay, great.
That's a bulletin.
Just mark that down in your sleeve.
Their taft and I had it every day and always have it always well big deal.
Yeah, see, now there's a guy, the very first call.
A guy with no material.
And so he steals from some bits that are called on Friday.
He must have been thinking of planning that always.
And one weekend long.
Wasn't that great?
I was spectacular.
Right out of the box after an hour of sitting here talking about 85,000 different things in the first call.
And you know, can we move it along?
Again, ripping off some nasty bitch.
Tommade the water mouthsies seem almost calibable, almost being the operative word.
W-Q-A-N hello.
to our local dare rather get out of retirement I'm going to whip your ass.
WQA and hello.
Do you hear about Rick Wally?
What about him?
He's back on the radio doing the state of the market report.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's pretty good.
Yeah.
Back on the radio aware since we know it's bad.
I think it was 940 or 610 or something.
No.
Wipping around.
No.
Just a little spot.
No.
Yes.
No.
560, 705, 60.
Pawn 560 and they've rising them doing the market report.
Oh, you lost.
Maybe the hog market.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
I've got a two for your poll.
The first one, Andy Kaufman.
Oh, God.
OK.
No.
You're sure?
You said it.
We'll put it on there.
OK.
And then, secondly, this might date me a little bit, but Jim Carrey.
Why?
Jim Carrey.
Oh, Jim Carrey.
What do you mean by date?
Jim Carrey's got 30 votes.
Oh, OK.
Oh, OK.
I'm going to get it right now.
OK.
Thanks.
Well, you know something I'm thinking, very soon.
We're approaching that first of March that 30th anniversary show.
Uh-huh.
I am considering very, very seriously.
I think I had the right idea.
Now, management will like it.
And a lot of other people in the building, especially your buddy Miguel, who is clueless,
they will like it.
I'm just thinking of like taking his phone and shoving it down over to balcony.
You know what?
Well, I would like it, but I don't believe it.
You don't believe one.
You're good that you would do that.
Why not?
Didn't I do it for seven months?
You did it for seven months.
Did I survive?
We had pretty good ratings.
We had some of the people.
I'm not interested in people that want their own show.
Go, go apply.
We got plenty of openings, OK?
Get your own show.
But that's what a lot of these people want.
Like this Riley with his 8-Minute Facts is speaking of Riley.
You know, it's just a lot of frustrated people that want to be on the end.
And then people that like rip off other people have no originality.
They got nothing to say.
That's how Florida for you.
It's just pointless.
You just kill in my time.
That's all.
You're killing me.
30 freaking years.
I'm 30, man.
Let's see.
There's a 13th.
It's a short month.
We got 15 days left in February.
So like a little over two weeks.
Two weeks from Wednesday is March 1st.
Am I correct about that?
Right?
Right.
That's correct.
Two weeks from Wednesday.
Well, March 30 years I've been doing this crap on here in this market.
Been very good to me as somebody we know would say.
Made me a lot of money.
But I got news for you.
The calls are pathetic.
You people have nothing to say about anything.
So Florida is pathetic.
The happiest people I ever hear from other ones are saying,
Hey, good news.
I'm moving next week.
We're getting the hell out of here, final.
Those are the happy people.
I envy them.
Yeah.
I just can't imagine what it would have to be like.
I'd be in a box already.
There's no question about that.
I'd be already in a box.
If I had to be there.
Right?
Five, six, seven.
But I'll continue plugging away.
You know, maybe I'm wrong about that.
Maybe.
Oh, no.
Remember I took the poll on that one.
No, no.
The carers make the show.
We got a whole bunch of people listen because they want to hear idiots on the radio.
Believe me, we sure don't let you down on that.
No, no.
And then I got news for you.
The people call the sports shows.
Even though it's a different nature.
It's the same crap.
It's the same people.
I don't know.
On both stations.
And they call other shows they call the...
Right.
That's correct.
They're just like the guard that was calling Mo.
Remember that promo?
That promo?
I sure do.
Mo.
I like that guy.
It's the guardmer.
Very, very tragic.
WQA, I'm not lying.
Hello.
Not there.
Mark it down.
Line 1, I'm working.
By the way, engineering staff is really the best too.
Make no mistake about that.
Come in this morning.
Everything is like twisted upside.
The weekend is always in disaster at QIM.
Well, apparently there were power outages.
Right.
Exactly.
There was no feed coming from here over the weekend as of yesterday.
It's just still the same old jazz.
Okay.
He's coming on 2-4 jazz.
Okay.
QIM, hello.
With Riley Stokes and Mike Breake.
I'm WQA, hello.
Yeah.
But the whole I would suggest Carrie Grant.
Carrie Grant for what?
For the funniest man in the movies?
He's funny.
And there was another thing.
It's maybe old.
I don't know.
It was also.
But anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Carrie Grant wasn't a comedian.
He was in some funny movies, but he wasn't a comedian.
Bang, go ahead.
He made funny movies.
Anyway, there's another thing.
It's a video that you can see online called Jesus Must Survive.
Yeah.
It's just worth looking at.
Well, where you find it?
Google Jesus Must Survive video.
You can see it on the video.
You can see it on the video.
Oh, okay.
You've seen it.
It's a little bit of it.
It's cute.
It's a Jesus music video.
You know, the song I will survive.
It's a great idea.
Is it a junior on it?
Right.
Oh, yeah.
It does the backups.
He heard thunder and lightning on the outside.
And he got on his hands and knees and prayed for Jesus to save him.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
That's just, I can't deal with it.
I just cannot deal with it.
I'm just going to put on a burlap sack.
Not the one I was supposed to wear today, but like a different one.
And just wander off into the hinterlands.
I'm going to go like up to Moose Jaw and up to campus casing and the Pa and all.
Just anywhere.
Just wander around in the woods.
And then, of course, if I see the Vice President, maybe I can go hunting with him.
We can go get some moose.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hola.
Oh, Jesus.
QAM.
That's too much.
What is the right?
WDQAM, hello.
How are you doing?
How's everything?
Pretty good.
Hey, come on.
What about the show, F-Trub?
Anybody's in the mentioned app?
F-Trub for what?
The shows.
What shows?
I guess I got the wrong information.
Sorry.
Now you're right.
Who would want to miss this?
Right, you're absolutely right.
There's a message coming from South Florida.
You can hear it.
That's it.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Il?
Okay.
You want to share a thought with you?
Yes.
Instead of getting George Bush and Peach Dishitt, make him the Chinese hunting partner.
Yeah, okay, great.
How did I know that wouldn't be very long before we hear that?
Huh?
I thought we'd hear it much sooner than we did.
Right.
Actually, I've been on an hour.
5667-0560, 05-0660, and they've arrived in the singular wireless line.
A little time on the door.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning, how are you?
Yes, sir.
When is the ishamping Monday?
Hey, I've got a question for you.
I know you're kind of in cars.
But if you had to buy a four-door sedan, it'd be me too that you would consider how less
not the other way around.
I've been buying a four-door sedan.
That's the answer to your question.
Wow.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I think I just put it in your bowl.
Yeah.
Rowan Alcanson?
Who is it?
Rowan Alcanson.
Rowan Alcanson.
Rowan Alcanson.
Rowan Alcanson.
Rowan Alcanson.
Yeah, we're both.
Yeah, we're both.
Yeah, we're both.
Who the hell is that?
He made it up before we fired up.
Oh, no, get out of here, Mr. Bean.
Oh, you really want to put that on there?
Do I?
You have to be here.
You ask in the collar.
I'm asking the world.
Holy moly.
I remember I was on, I forget what airline it was.
Maybe British Air one time.
The black outer series is that he did.
We're very feeling by my Mr. Bean.
But I never saw the scene.
I'm a good friend.
I said I'd never saw a minute of Mr. Bean.
Well, don't.
You know who it is, though.
I know who it is.
Oh, he's funny in his series, The Black Outer.
That's a funny series.
But I haven't seen him.
Put him on there.
Put Mr. Bean, whatever his name is.
Rowan Alcanson.
I think I better get on my hands and knees and pray to Jesus.
I really do.
Just like Wayne Hyde in Virginia.
Maybe I'll find $100 million waiting for me somewhere in a bag.
Or a gay cowboy.
Or maybe just a bag waiting for me.
Maybe someone else.
Maybe no one.
He's behind.
1113 at 560 WQA.
Oh, God, Neil.
The Olympic Ice Capac.
Man, it's such a dirty trait on your tries to win.
She was second best and it hurt her self.
Oh, oh, oh.
Nancy Kerrigan, the bitch was gonna win again.
Tom, your blocks revenge.
Hyers out a henchman.
Oh, oh, oh.
If Nancy K was leaving, ring.
She's knocked up from behind.
Bang, bang, Tom.
You're still the hammer came down upon her knees.
Bang, bang, Tom.
You're still the hammer, make sure victory.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
goes a plan makes a way and do the sunburder on her mind She has never minded a challenge, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
It's too late to run
Bang, bang, ton you still
But have a just smashing in the head
She would not leave little amateur
Lembre on Wednesday
2048 ton news
I'm not going to leave
But the polygay, Saint Pete checks his book
He gives her a look
And he tells her now
Up out out
She plain, she's innocent
Blacens up and throws a 50 ton of tea
On the line
This guy's out of line
And he's got to go
Up out out
As Saint Pete was turning the page
Told you to pray
Bang, bang, ton you still
But have a right Saint
Peter's bell
But Gates can't give no saint
To never mention you and say to him
Alright!
Roberto Vignini
Who?
Roberto Vignini, life is beautiful
I have no idea what it is
He's got his own website
The world's funniest man
Roberto Vignini
He's funny
Party Feldman, he's funny
Look at that
How about Roberto Vignini
V-E-G-N-I-N-I
I was going to wait for your assessment
What?
I never seen him
But I googled him
Like his beautiful
And he's got a website that says he's the funniest man ever lived
Even funnier than Rick Riley
56670560
And I enjoy the calls
And that's something that calls after
They're special of course
And every call I take makes me so much happier than I'm not there
Oh God, you have no idea
As we're rubbing it in
It reminds me of the day
W-D-Q-A-M
Hello
Danielle, I've got one for tomorrow's poll
And one for today's poll
That's not the only one
For Miss and Match
Right, it's just for so full and tense
And for tomorrow's poll
The Super Bowl
By far is the most height demand ever
Okay, I also added Madonna by the way
Okay, so that's a good one
And then for today
Who you probably don't like
Is Bill Murray
And then Quote
Now when you say that
Why would you like Bill Murray?
I don't know
I just say
Tricky is one of the kind of people
You might not appreciate
Why?
I don't know
I just...
Because you didn't like Catty Shack
No, wait a minute, I didn't say I didn't like Catty Shack
I just said there was
Not one of the greatest movies ever saw
I didn't tell him like it
Oh, okay
Well, honestly, I like it when I was saying
I don't want to see it a hundred times
It's certainly not one of the greatest movies ever made
But it has merit, though
And it is in closing
Quote
Bill Murray is a good choice
Big Cubs fan did
And they are funny guy
Not as funny as he used to be
But they're funny guy
But then again Jim Carey's not only not as funny as he used to be
He's just annoying
We wish he'd go away
Good Canadian boy, Jim Carey
5, 6, 7, and then
Oh, and Aaron, how could we have left off?
Didn't we leave off Leslie and Yielson?
How could we do that?
Speaking of good Canadian boys
That is an infom knew
We left him off the first time we did this pool
And just because it was not
He ain't no Roberto Benini, but then who is?
And he ain't no Mr. Bean
I can't believe that you're defending that
You think he's funny?
You've never seen that series
I have seen the movie
I have seen him
I know
Oh, Jay and Silent Bob
Well, that figure is
I said I was going to go up to Moose Jaw
They'd fit in a pretty good A for all your hosers
Jay and Silent Bob
It makes a film on it
As a team
Leslie and Yielson, you got it?
We got it
5 and of course, airplane was no blazing settles
That's for sure
Well, you know
You see, I keep forgetting
Vanilla, if I was just reminding myself of one thing
Vanilla ice cream
That's all
McDonald's, Vanilla ice cream
The fact that you know, this is what
Where it's at with most American people
That's fine
I hope you have a good time
Hope you will know Berksy Loeb
WDQAM, hello
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
For your poll for today, Dave Chappelle
Mr. B was funny before he started opening his mouth
And for tomorrow's poll, any preferability election
Okay, thank you
Are there any other movies?
Yes, he has been
Okay
Well, at least I'm ready to move
He says he's sure he's sure he's no new TV shows
Well, they tried to mess with him so
I see
He said, oh, he did say on Oprah that he wants to do his show again
He was on Oprah
Yes, he was
Mr. B was on Oprah
I read that
He was on a racial thing or what?
Let's be, well, they're both black
No
You noticed too?
Boy, is he observant or what?
I'm going to tell you the good thing
You did a good thing
You went over there in the water, not see
And signed that good buy card for Greg Reed
I'll tell you that right now
I might have been polluted
There's any chance you get in that big raise
Not that there probably is
Especially now that the beesleaves are their profit is down
I mean, stop and think about that article
About how cock-eyed that is
In other words, they had $1.6 million revenue
From the dolphins last year, meaning 2004
And of course we know
But you even know, I don't know what they paid for the rights
But it sure is how it was more than that
Right?
I mean, I'd had to pay, like, at least $2.3 million
Maybe more than that
And the other guys are paying $4.5 million a year
For, like, five years
If you lived in the 4,000, you never make that money back
I hate to break the news, you jol
You never going to make that money back
It's a lost leader
In fact, their whole station is a lost leader
W-Q-A-M, hello
Right, can you put Jaylen on your phone?
He's whole area
Yeah, okay
And there's a lot of movies too
Well, that was enough
Don't you dare put that
Are you kidding me?
That chicken jawed
The piece of turd
The chicken drum
Yeah, he's got a chicken jaw
Q-A-M-H-L-O
Good one, that's our best call so far
Q-A-M, hello
Neil
Yes
Yes, sir, are you Mike Myers for the 4?
Mike Myers, not a good K-E-A boy
Either Canadians are killing him, yes?
Yeah, listen, it's really hard, these people
The White House today, they were supposed to be training league, playing, naming, or authorizing league
And now it's a small story that has us getting the headlines
This is ridiculous
Thank you, but
That's life, pali
Well, we'll be trying to design America
Okay, good luck to you
Sound pretty depressed
I don't blame them
But let's have some more investigations, let's have some committees and some more hearings and some more meetings and some more reports
In fact, we got the whole report coming out of that hurricane Katrina thing
And yeah, a lot of committees and a lot of money being spent, a lot of time being wasted
And let's find out what we knew already in the first place
You know about incompetence and nepotism and cronyism
All these things
All of these things
Right? Right
See, our government, they're so incompetent that they have to hold hearings to find out things that even an average drunk on a street corner could tell you
Right off the bat, without even thinking about it too much
26 past 11, why I tell you, what, how did I almost let you talk me into shutting down these great calls
Well, that judge, he's always trying to do that, selfish
Right? He wants to show a court needed, the World Record of George, who does it?
And I still don't say, I don't think Michelle Williams is that cute
I was pretty disappointed
You know what, the interesting things in that movie, one of the props, that's really interesting
And I know what you would call that thing, that big like a playground kind of a thing that dish that revolves around where you're lying together on a dish with the Mary Go round
No, that's not a Mary, wasn't a Mary Go round
Well, what are you talking about, Mary Go round?
That's what that's called
And then the one in the playground is also called a Mary Go round
See, we had different kind of Mary Go round when I was in elementary school, like, was it Mary?
Mary was on it
It goes around the circles right, the kids are often on the ground
I beg your pardon?
You push it yourself, the kids hang on the door
You push it around the circle
Yeah, those were some interesting scenes when he was on her with Michelle Williams and she started crying and finally got there
And then when he was on her with his, of course next door, his step or his half brother, and then when he was on her with mom
I still think that that's one of the neatest, you know, and remember they were out there throwing crap throwing rocks through windows or whatever they were doing
That was kind of warm and amusing, because most parents are connected
20s, take it from two guys who know, although Josh has got great parents, not together no more, but especially fun
Well, yeah, you just saying that because you're hoping to latch on
What's that all about?
Yeah, that ain't happening, she's spectacular
Is she really?
She's very nice, I'm very nice lady
27 past, I thought I was kind of also hardworming in a story that Vern hooked up with Michelle
And that kind of interesting poor Vern who was on a verge of killing himself
Right?
Not that that was a morbid depressing movie in a lot of parts
Everybody was like him at suicide
And then there in the assembly in school, I have a very sad announcement, a girl that he saw in a hospital, she or after so
Well, you know practice I guess makes perfect
Well, you won't believe this, I almost did the same thing now, but I did the other day
Maybe I just tore up that piece of copy
I know it's got a spot?
Yeah, it comes that out possible
Stoneball would please
Well, I know how it's possible
What is it?
How's it going?
I don't know how I was eating it
It was just that's how it is, I can't get this CD player to queue up a disc now
Uh oh, I was going to play the banjo music
Can't do it, no
Well, we don't need it anyway
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL on the dust
And today you can get on board for only 9.95 a month or two months
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 1.5
And up to 100 times faster than dial up
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games
You're just surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means to be flying through the internet
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet
You'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody, Radio Plus
And up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few
Not only that, but you get macapé security tools included
So you can rest assured that your internet experience will always be safe and secure
So what are you waiting for is start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before
Sun up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 9.95 a month or two months
And you wonder how you ever got along without it
Indeed call 305 Comcast and in Broward 954 Comcast
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69 AF
New York
Gary at Myers
You're in the Supreme Court pyramid winner circle for a spot on the nation's highest court start the clock
Oh, the Great Wall of China
Michael Moore
Thanks you can say for matters by yourself
You're right
Chad Kennedy
Who's in her bomb?
Fairy tales
The New York Times
Thank you, Reed
You're a judge
They did our true
Dippers
Carl Rowe
Wayne Gretzner
Frosted Flake
President Bush
James Edward Gretzner
33 by the way, Arielle Sierron is still alive
They misinterpreted the history of reports from Jerusalem
Didn't you hear the story over the weekend that they were known to a whole bunch of his intestines?
Really? Didn't see that?
Of course, Kishke's out?
Actually what it was is they removed 80 pounds of Kishke that was stuffed in his pooping
And he's still alive, we've been asking all those musical questions on his show
Leave it to me, man, and finally they discovered he's still alive but we had to take a whole bunch of his Kishke's out
That's it
Since the Ville de la Close, he can work the crap
Who is the funniest man in the history of movies we're asking today?
539 votes, we're not going to get no thousand today because we got a late start
You think we'll get a thousand? Sure, what about it? No
No, broce 87, Peter Sellers 54, Groucho Marx 44
Richard's good thing that Duck didn't come down when Dick Taney was around
Richard prior 41, Jim Carrey 35, Rodney Dangerfield 35
John Candy 31, another good Canadian boy
Moe Howard 23, John Cleese 22, John Belushi 22, Woody Allen 19
Chevy Chase 14, Lauren Hardy 12, Steve Martin 12, Charlie Chaplin 12, WC Fields 11, Gene Wilder 11
Evan Costello 10, Curly Howard 9, Jerry Lewis 8, a lady, come on, you can do better than that Jerry
Albert Brooks 6, you know I think that just most people hate Jerry Lewis now so much
Even if they thought he was funny they wouldn't say right and maybe he wasn't that funny anyway
I thought he was funny because I was a little kid, a little kid like that
Bill Murray 4, Dave Chappelle 3, Harold Lloyd 3, the same 3, I think all those 3 people have expired since we started to pull
Bert Larr 3, Bob Hope 3, I'm glad to see you doing well because he wasn't funny
Oh, not even close to it
Buster Keaton 22, how about Buster Heimann?
James Pfeilant Bob 1, Rowan Edkinson, is that Mr. Bean? That's it, has one
And I'm sure it's a guy to call because Mr. Bean's about as funny as we were talking about
Duckey with the Bargaining, we were talking about Steve Martin how he used to be funny but he's not anymore
So people can be funny sometimes and not other times
Well I never saw when he was funny Mr. Bean, in fact the whole character is just
Oh, well he wasn't that character in the series that I'm talking about
Well I don't care, I'm just telling you what I've seen him of Mr. Bean, here's me Shkofi's
Eric Idol 1, he's only got 1? Jesus God, you people are dull
Don't you like vanilla ice cream? Graham Chapman 1, none for Mike Myers, Leslie Nielsen, Roberto Benini, Roberto
Marty Feldman, none, Andy Kaufman, none, Michael Powell and Terry Jones and Terry Gerv, they don't like Monty Python
Well they think they like Monty Python, they just don't know who's in it
Yeah, exactly, that's what I'm saying
Monty was making sure to speak to the funny people
Yeah, downtown, they figured out that he's incompetent and downtown Mucky Brown was incompetent
And that's a surprise, that's a bulletin by the way
And the vice president shot that guy
Maybe he found out the guy voted democrysticulous
WQAM, hello
QAM
Hello
Yes sir
Bill, yeah
Hey you know this shooting in Texas with the vice president?
Yes
I heard it with the Republican version of Chapacwittic that this was actually...
Yeah already said that
Microsoft sends a message to RIM
You're not going to be too happy with Bill Gates now, of course you don't have a black person
No, but I've never liked him anyway
We hate Bill Gates
Microsoft propends to unveil several devices today as well as offers from cell phone service providers
As it aims at the lucrative mobile email market now dominated by research and motions
Black for a device going to publish report
That's RIM, not to be confused with REM
Although some of them might be gay because they are comedian
The Wall Street General reports today that Microsoft will introduce four devices to be shipped with its new
Push email function built in, push it
Microsoft has been able to cheaply and easily offer push email which has a message show up as soon as it's received
It's a much higher man's grade
That is given research and motion which offers push email on the black for a competitive advantage
The general reports that Microsoft's new devices are to be manufactured by cell phone and computer makers
And include Hewlett Packard's new handheld computer called the iPAC 8W6900
In addition, the paper reports several wireless service providers are launching services to allow customers to take advantage of Microsoft push email service including VOTIFON group and singular wireless which Bellsoft owns jointly with AT&T
The paper said Microsoft hopes to attract customers to its mobile email service by offering a lower price
Especially for corporate clients already using Microsoft's change server 2003 software for managing email accounts
But analysts told the general that while they expect Microsoft to rapidly gain market share in the mobile email sector
They don't necessarily expect it to catch up with RIM anytime
So this is of course assuming that RIM don't go out of business
Microsoft still has some issues in the functionality they can offer than would an AIMList of Technology research firm Gartner told the general RIM solution is richer in terms of some of the security and management features
Even without the new competitive challenge for Microsoft RIM has been under the gundas it battles the lawsuit from USpew
Well we know that MTP but it'll be for the wolf about
Don't go out of business Blackberry, we love you
And don't go near Dick Cheney, he'll blow you out of the water
Yeah, well 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 we're getting a million great calls today man each one better than the previous one as we try to move it along
Curtis had two mad dog at four, Gelley at seven on a pantheon and indicate 10 o'clock tonight
Panthers lost a buffalo the other night in that nice NHL break now for two weeks
Nice going Gary Batman you idiot you're first simple them more on as nothing wrong with our game right
WQ I am hello
Hello, what's going on? How you doing sir?
For your poll do you have any hell on there yet?
Benny Hill? Yeah, movies?
Movies? Movies with TV? TV show
Now we're not doing TV show we're doing movies, do you have any hell make any movies?
No, no, I'm not down record set
Okay, okay, did you catch second hand lines yet?
Second hand what?
Second hand line is the movie
No, I called it a couple weeks ago, so I don't want to let you
Okay, don't get pushy now man, how many can I watch?
If you watch three at a time though it really says yeah
I watched three yesterday, very good, watch but I'm a cheerleader which of course is a game
But it's just it's just a terrible it's just the far one of the funniest things you'll ever see
Oh, I saw that movie saved remember we were talking about that like a year ago
Saved it and it came out about a girl that the Christian school
Well, was it about Wayne Heising and Junior when he got saved with it when he was on his hands in either the Calvary Church?
Anyway, not bad very cute
Saved it? Sure, a little bit no little bit
It's about fun and times at a like Pentecostal Christian school
Yeah
A lot of hanky, panky no doubt
And McColley Culkin is in it and actually did a very good job as the doctor
Why did you have to tell me that?
Because he doesn't look good anymore doesn't mean that he's a you know
Well, well, well, well, well wait, doesn't look good anymore
Well, didn't you used to like him?
McColley Culkin?
Yeah, I don't know
I'm leaving right now, I'm walking out
I've been insulted in my life sometimes before I'm used to it doing the show
But that is the worst slap in a fat push I have ever had my life
McColley Culkin, I'm gonna go sulking
Anyway, it wasn't a bad one
I'm gonna get to the chain to take you out of Duck Hunter
Better Duck
Yeah, guess anybody's a better shot than me
Now how can you say that? I like McColley Culkin?
I don't know
Face down the floor
Good, other people did
He didn't want to mo...yeah, Michael like him
But Michael likes anybody on May 12th
Anyway, he's a good man
He's a good man in this movie and he did a fine job
And then he's got a brother who's even more annoying than he is
Tells that kid's name good
Oh, and I'll tell you who got speaking to somebody I used to like
And he's around a lot now, I see him in all these different...
Well, I'm not watching the movies but in these previous movies that are like on IFC
Kevin Dillon
Right, what about him?
Boy, he got hit by that ugly stick
And I don't want to get in that discussion with you again, okay?
Because McColley Culkin never looked good as an embryo he was grotesque
Okay?
Even I looked better at any of the dead
Right, and that's the same a lot
A market data, please
19-till-new in the QAM
Been talking about dry concepts for a very long time in their great expertise making your carpets look just like brand new
I've used them for over 21 years in my homes now and they're the best in the world
And during this month I want you to take advantage of their maintenance contract to provide you with a 10% discount on all of dry concept services
Including their one-of-a-kind, carpet cleaning, leather drapey oriental rug cleaning
Dry concepts also specialize in pet-ordered treatments, ceramic tile and grout cleaning, macros cleaning,
Vs. they could buy those nasty little dust mites and lots more
And during this month, during February, dry concepts has got a special offer for you on a pulsed reclinning
Don't replace the furniture just because it's soiled
Let dry concepts rejuvenate your expensive furniture just to fraction the cost of replacing or repulsed read
All of dry concepts technicians are specially trained and certified in other words they know their crap
And you always get a written guaranteed price up front before they start their fantastic
professional job for you. Don't be fooled by the imitators or slackmesters
You made a big investment when you decorated your home and outside to protect that investment
So do the smart thing called dry concepts today
Tool-free and daybroward in Palm Beach called 1-800-248-5071
McCauley Culkin My Ass
That's 1-800-248-5071
Log under their website, dryconcepts.com
Don't forget February Special, a pulsed reclinning
When you call dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight
This is Neil Rogers
This is by 162-A-X
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
The end of the year is the end of the year.
Oh, here she comes.
Kissing off the other wire.
Oh, here she comes.
She's a master in the past.
You know, the Brad Pitt thing is a classic example.
When we take the poll on the...
And of course most of the guys don't want to vote on it.
Anyway, just like they don't want to talk about humpback mountain.
Because it's gay.
And because they're still a juvenile living in the dark ages.
They're in denial.
Oh, gay cowboy. That's on her job, right.
But the thing with Brad Pitt is, and of course with all the makeup that they got on him now,
for 40 pounds to cover up the beds.
It's for the Hollywood people.
He still looks pretty much like he did 20 years ago, right.
Now let me ask you something.
What made him very popular was because he was so great looking.
Not because he looked like Sean Coddry or these other people are...
Oh, you know what I'm talking about?
Right. And he...
Well, it's in a while he could actually act.
Now, forget about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm going back to your McCulloch Culkin thing,
which I'm still foaming at the mouth about.
You know I was just razzin' you, don't you?
No, you were not.
Yeah, okay.
No, you weren't.
Josh, what did I tell you?
He did it.
Well, yeah, right.
Well, wait a minute.
I have one thing to tell you.
I've never said one thing about...
Would you listen to me about Brad Pitt?
All right.
You see, there is nothing wrong.
He's living proof.
In fact, if you were going to ask for it about women,
but if you were to ask the average schmuck guy, you know,
even as embarrassing as it is, and I know it's a threat to your masculinity,
who would you consider a good-looking actor?
Most of them would say Brad Pitt.
Sure.
Right?
Right.
Now that's because he was a pretty boy.
There's nothing wrong with being a pretty boy, okay?
There's nothing wrong with being that kind of look, you know, like Rob Lowe.
Speaking of pretty boy.
Rob Lowe, he was real pretty, maybe a little bit too pretty if he asked me.
You know what I'm saying?
But nevertheless, right.
But you always busted my balls, but...
Well, I know what you...
What's wrong with that?
Just like that sand kid, whatever's name is on a supernatural show.
Sam, right?
No, Sam and Dave?
Exactly.
And just solid, fun.
No, it's not.
Okay.
I've only ever agreed with you that women have crappy taste.
Yeah.
So I can't remember.
I asked as far as I was going.
And I was craggy and ugly, and I couldn't like go on a hairy old-
Maybe that's why Ron Jeremy is so popular.
When those issues come out, sexiest men alive and everything, and you remember it, I only ever remember.
Oh my God, you want a barf?
And I told you.
The criteria for what?
Of course I really don't care what you think.
But you stick to the women, okay?
Trust me.
Yeah, you stick to Michelle Williams, I'll stick to it.
I already told her with the criteria for women.
In the Hersh.
If they've seen her.
Or on a screen, they think that's hot.
You know, this really frosted my ass.
Article that just came up on the SunCentral website.
They won't stop doing this, man.
They won't stop doing it.
There was a thing they had.
Maybe it was on CNN over the weekend.
And they had a woman on there.
She made a great point about how people are just getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
And it's a lost cause.
All you can do is be more active.
But it was great.
I just like her attitude.
There's all this talk and all this bull crap.
And it got nothing new when they keep repeating the same garbage over and over again.
But there's your buddy, Lou Dobbs, that Nazi, who all of a sudden had a elucid moment there for about five minutes on Friday.
What was that all about?
Oh, look at that.
Bear ass mountain they just put on there.
Chocolate lovers, take heart this Valentine's Day.
Research still shows that your favorite treat may be good for you.
Oh, yeah.
Good because that's all I'm eating lately.
Dark chocolate at least appears to have been officially high levels of flavonoids.
And if this is, no, no, seriously, I've been here for like five years now.
Are those the particles that flavor comes from?
Natural antioxidants that protect the arteries and reduce the risk of heart disease by lowering blood pressure and cholesterol.
I'm going to go out and get five pounds of dark chocolate this evening.
I have to like dark chocolate with extra flavonoids.
Yeah.
Generally, the darker the chocolate, the higher its flavonoid content.
Man.
I'm going to get that Sydney Ponte brand, but just to skip all that and chew coca leaves like the red wine you share with your sweetheart at dinner is flavonoid blessed too along with certain teas and some fruits and vegetables.
Researchers have yet to pinball a specific dose of chocolate that will benefit your health and minimize weight gain.
Although there's no harm in an occasional splurge, experts urge common sense.
I guess moderation is the key set Eric Ding and epidemiologist and nutrition, Eric Ding at Harvard,
who over the past year has learned more about chocolate benefits than just about anyone.
I wonder how many payrolls he's on, huh?
I wonder if the nestles and Hershey people got them on the payroll.
You think?
Yes.
No question.
Absolutely.
All these, especially at Harvard.
Remember that doctor Fred Rick Stair at Harvard that was always the big proponent of sugar and lied to his teeth and sugar was good for it and won't give you cavities and won't wait.
Yeah.
Now we find out he's on the payroll of the damn outdoor sugar Nazis, or even worse than the water Nazis if that's possible.
She's still on the building right away.
Sorry, I was listening to the talk.
I think the beast started to schlep her ass out of there, dragged her out in the parking lot and just beat her silly.
I would come back to watch that.
God.
Now, halfway might one of the most unpleasant creatures I'm not going to say people because people would be insult to the human race.
So it's nice to see that nothing has changed.
Remember what I told you?
Sorry.
The liars will continue to lie and the game players will continue to play games and the unpleasant hostile nasty anti-social people will continue to be hostile nasty and anti-social.
Remember anti-social?
Yeah.
And of course this article says absolutely nothing about diabetes or about your blood sugar or about how chocolate sends it zooming up their to dangerous levels.
And that's one of the reasons that we got all these diabetes running around 90 degrees of like 14 and 15 type 2 diabetes, which usually don't get to the like 40 or 50.
But no, oh, chocolate is really good for just another excuse to when it down go pick out.
I got some great chocolate chip cookies by the way.
I would nearly don't buy stuff like that, but I'm developing a thing now where if I have, I just convince myself it's probably rationalization.
Or if I just have stuff like that sitting around in a kitchen, I won't go out and buy ice cream and you know, just go nuts.
How's it working?
Oh, we only done it one day.
I say work fine.
I only had four cookies.
Five, six.
Well, it's Valentine's tomorrow.
You know what that's right.
Give yourself a treat yourself some nice dark chocolate, man.
And then of course if you get that real, real like 90% cocoa, whatever they call that, that's stuff tastes like crap.
Anyway, nobody's going to eat that.
Oh, I know.
Do you ever try that?
Oh, man, it's a bit of his nasty.
And it's some bitch on the food channel yesterday.
She was making like chocolate truffles and tiramisu.
I thought I was going to go on a coma just watching the TV.
Oh, brother.
And then they got that chocolate guy to the death by chocolate.
They ever see that show with his ganache.
He keeps making his ganache.
We're just keep melting the chocolate and shivering it around and just sticking your head in the bowl and just sucking it up.
The maniac.
Six hundred and five votes.
I think we got an outside shot and a thousand of they outside.
You think?
You can do it.
Let's give it a shot.
If Josh puts the pedal of the metal and goes in and goes in and goes in and goes in and tells the water and outs you the F off.
I love this.
You know, obviously to go back there to slap her inside of the head.
Quick, quick, try to push everybody around your bitch.
Plenty of man in the history of movies.
Mel Brooks, 95, Peter Sellers, 57, Gravcho, Marks 51, Richard Prior, 43.
How's he doing?
Rodney Dangerfield, 43.
Jim Carrey, 38, John Candy, 33.
How's he doing?
Well, I did dead people on here.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, so far at the first, um, the first seven.
You got one, two, three, four, five dead people out of seven.
Wow.
Maybe it's not so good to be so funny.
John, please 24, John Baluchie, 24, Mohawar 23, Woody Allen, 20.
Not even slightly amusing.
Chevy J-17, Steve Martin, 14, Charlie Chaplin, 13, Gene Wilder, 13.
WC Field 12, Lauren Hardy, a dozen evident Castella, 12.
Curly Howard, 11.
Bill Murray, 9.
Jerry Lewis, 8.
Albert Brooks, 6.
Dave Chappelle, 5.
Leslie Hielsen, 4.
Bob Hope, 4.
Harold Lloyd, 3.
Same three old users.
Bert Larr, 3.
Mike Myers, only two.
Come on, man.
Buster Keaton, 2.
J. Ants Island, Bob, 1.
Rowan Atkinson, Mr. Bean, has one.
Eric Eidel, 1.
Only one for Eric Eidel?
Graham Chapman, 1.
Roberto Benini, has gotten none.
Marty Feldman, none.
Andy Kaufman, none.
And deservedly so.
Michael Palland, Terry Jones, and Terry Gilliam,
out of 611 got so far.
Probably we shouldn't have done Monty Python.
It's gonna probably do what we didn't.
No, we didn't, we're not gonna change it.
Why the hell should we change it?
I didn't know what I'm gonna do during the break.
I'm gonna go out and get that bag of homemade fresh chocolate chip cookies.
Okay.
And I'm gonna sit in here.
I'm gonna look at it.
It's the rest of the show.
Huh?
All right.
Wouldn't that be a good test of willpower?
Are we taking bets on this?
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it on one side of the board.
I'm gonna put the bag of chocolate chip cookies.
And I'm gonna put a picture of McCalli Culkin.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Mohammed O'Day.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers and your 12th Owen Howard is brought to you by The Liddest 12.
1.2.5.7.8.9.11.12.
The slices of pizza.
All for me.
It ain't the best delicious pizza list ever.
Yeah.
It's rated rated.
´
´
´
question
I can hide enough to bring some secret down.
Thank you for this stupid video to put the whole thing in your mouth.
I'll give you that pizza.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie.
That's my pizza.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie.
Why, you dirty little, I don't care if I was your star,
your death is no concern.
Wow!
I'll have you know who it's for, it's for me.
Who survived?
You grant me by some level of genuine entitlement besides
I only had a niqueless meal in a slibb of a slice of the pizza.
I want your pizza.
I'll take that pizza.
He made me go on but most mammary still lives on.
And he sure had a lot of crux.
You know most of it around his 1202 at 506 DWQM
Curtis H2 Mad Dog at Fort Geldy at 7.
And then the etiquette's in.
Here's the facts from Sean, he's got a very good polar.
I like that polar, don't you?
Yes I do.
But I'm always standing for a sentence.
Let me hear you.
He says Wayne Greskey's wife once was in a movie
that required her character to cash a winning bet at the track.
They had to use a stuntman.
Is that a joke?
Do either of you understand that?
No, I know what he's trying to make a joke out of but...
What is that?
Get it.
The requirement of...
Okay, he's actually a little polar.
Okay Sean, leave the comedy to us and stick with the poles.
Very excellent.
I have some choices for his pole too.
Yeah.
Well, again, we don't want to be doing like five at the same time.
I thought you told me before the show.
Fire sale thought.
Oh, so anyway I got my bag here.
Can you smell it?
Mm.
Chop of ans.
I really like the smell of the chocolate chips.
The chocolate chips is overpowering.
And the chocolate in there, these are like dark chocolate chips.
So they must be really good for you.
These are made by A&P Canada in Toronto.
Homestyle gourmet cookies.
In other words, these are just a pedestrian kind.
These are like the real fancy shmancy kind.
Chocolate pecan gourmet cookies with nuts.
Mm.
I'm kind of...
I beg your pardon?
What kind of nuts?
Pecan.
Ooh.
That's why it's called chocolate pecan gourmet cookies with nuts.
I just opened it up and picked it with.
I'm not eating anything at the end of the day.
I've been here the best.
Maybe by the A&P.
You ever go to A&P?
5, 6, 7, and let's see.
Fire sale.
And Marlon's, I should have talked about this with a Humper.
Didn't do it.
Compared to last year's Marlon's fan,
fast about half as many individual game tickets were sold during this year's event,
after an off season and much during the team was dismantled.
See, when they have the fire sale, then work too well, guys.
Hey, good afternoon, Stia.
People don't want to spend major league prices for little league ball games, okay?
Josh.
The Marlon's felt the predictable impact of their off season dismantling,
Saturday selling far fewer tickets than the year ago at their annual fan fest.
On the first day individual game tickets were put on sale.
The Marlon's said they sold more than 13,000 tickets compared with 25,000 and last year's fan fest.
And last year, it says the Marlon's are expecting a season ticket sales drop from 10,000
and last year to about 5,000 this year in a half.
How do you like that?
I don't.
Josh.
Well, as expected.
I don't apologize one bit for this product, David Stamson said.
The run you've had as a season ticket holder is unparalleled.
They're fans all over the country that would trade places with you.
After the time-hull meeting, he said the three people that were combative did get attention
and did get the attention in this jury-spinner world.
When I'm walking down the street or in meetings, I don't run into people like that.
Those are really cartoon characters, he said.
I'm a police officer, Michael Stein and Sonny Al's businessman Tom Warb with the first
dude arrived for tickets separately, shortly before 7 a.m.
both left disappointed.
Stein wanted to club seats for the April 11th home open against San Diego, but said he was told they were not available.
Ward bought $500 and tickets but didn't get what he wanted.
Tickets to opening day and June 30th to July 2nd Red Sox series.
Those seats were available words that they were far from ideal.
Like, you know, way up into corners behind a pole somewhere, right by the A.T. room.
Stuff like that.
Oh, a video of Pirates Show British troops beating your Mackie boys.
If you'll see this video in like 7000 times, they appear to show a scene.
Or with optical illusions, you know, from the other end of the video.
They tell me in a round to a new low.
To a new low.
I'll be investigated by seeking to identify the soldiers, see your savagely beating and booting
Iraqi civilians in a disturbing video for the south of the country.
Can't imagine what they hate us.
Can you?
No, must be our cuisine.
They hate our food.
That's it.
Just pathetic.
But anyway, like I said, there'll be more hearings and more investigations in the British are even more than usually tight-lipped and invignant.
And we're going to be looking to this in this carcaya symbol craft, constipated garbage, constipated brits, give me the schmitz.
I think maybe like Emil Hurst said in a movie when he went to the store,
bring a fleet animal back for all the brits.
Chocolate bar and a fleet animal.
That was kind of interesting shopping list.
And of course you wanted to go out and get the good stuff too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
That was great.
The Gordy Weaver I just love her.
And pound 5, 6, and the Verizon singular wireless line.
We got 15 different pulls going and we still can't get by a call.
Just pathetic.
WQAM, hello.
I think maybe like 2AM.
Yes, Neil. Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
Thank you.
Yeah, I was wondering now that Mr. Davis has been run out of town.
What do you plan on using for your show and to help you?
To help what?
To help you, sir.
Fine.
Okay, is you got a bad phone or what?
No, I don't have a bad phone.
Oh, tell me, why your work keeps cutting out?
What's the way up my ratings?
Yeah, no.
What are you going to do to help maintain some ratings on your show now that you've run?
What do you already have in your hands?
The answer is, if you want to answer the question, I haven't moved anybody out of the area.
He moved himself out of there with a 1-1 share.
But long before we came to the market, the show was number 1 and long after he's gone.
It'll be number 1.
Does that answer your question, sir?
I'll tell you one.
I'll tell you one thing just because my phone wasn't working right.
A word church, it sounds like your polygrip is slipping, sir.
Yeah, my teeth are on in a glass right now.
Maybe I can rinse them off in your bag.
I'll tell you what.
Yeah, don't tell me what.
Get a lot of schmuck.
Hey, he told you what, sir.
Yeah, tell me what.
I don't know.
Of course, I guess he's auditioning for 2-4.
Now that we've gotten rid of Moe.
56705, I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what.
What are you going to do, man?
What are you going to do?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Right.
A witcher, excuse me, sounds like your polygrip is slipping.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing this out?
Okay, just put my teeth back in so I can chew on these cookies.
Okay, make sure you have plenty of that fixin' in.
Yeah.
Okay, I've got two questions for you if you don't mind.
I'm going to get involved.
Did anybody answer that?
The answer to both of them is no.
Go ahead.
Does anybody over there have any information
as to when Wayne Arnold is going to reopen?
Supposedly in January, I've been out to middle of February,
so I guess he'll get around to it.
I'm sure Wayne will call us, will be the first one to know.
Okay, because I'm dying for one of those castle burgers.
And the next question is, when basically do you think
they're going to actually have the slot machines
in these control?
June.
Is that a definite or it's still...
That's the, that's the guesstimate, that's the, you know, that's the best guess.
Okay.
June.
And so, all right, all right, well February, it's not that far away.
In fact, that's when I go to my summer schedule.
I might just have to show up there some weekend.
I'm looking forward to, you know, getting some castle burgers
and then going to punch my brains out.
Now you're talking, sounds like a wiener to me.
All right, have a great day.
You too.
Five, six, seven, a few sliders, man.
And then you go there and play, real.
Oh, torture, you can play with a black and white cherry game.
I sat down there there, the game.
I have no idea what that was all about.
Would the Jacks, Kings, and Queens, you know, just Q, J, and then Wilde.
Anyway, I would like, and the biggest jackpot is 10 grand.
And I put in 100 bucks and I hit the button a few times
and then came Queen, Wilde Queen, three Queens.
I've seen, you know, several Queens before, but.
I looked on the thing, it says 600 bucks.
And all of a sudden, the bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, and the thing goes there.
Like that.
How about that?
Are you excited?
Well, I'm glad you did.
You just said that in passing that you probably better off playing stuff
that you have no idea how it works.
It's like these schmucks that come to beginners luck, man.
Or winners luck.
Good for a schmuck.
I'll tell you one thing.
He was good.
WQAM, hello.
Me, oh, hi.
Yes, man.
Do you ever watch the market scene now?
No, never heard of it.
Okay, really?
You should go to the website because they not only played the video,
but they played the audio that went with it.
You mean the video that they did on CNN this morning too?
Oh my God.
Can you believe that?
Yes, of course I can believe it.
Yeah.
Assistant, right?
Yeah.
We thought our animals.
Yes, and now you're trying to catch it on?
Yeah, but maybe we can all catch it on on how to fix it.
I doubt that.
And how to fix it?
How do we do that?
How do we civilize it?
I mean, that's what we've got to do in a ray.
That's what we've got to do in a ray.
That's what we've got to do in a ray.
For example, people.
Uh-huh.
Maybe, you know.
But they don't.
And so what should we do?
We just have people kill each other?
Well, I mean, what do you want me to do on a radio show?
I'm going to say I'm going to say or come up with some brilliant ideas.
It's going to stop people from killing each other?
No.
What is your solution?
Lay it out in your blood.
Let's hear it.
You're going to stand for the, as a country of a meager.
Yeah.
For people who really feel this way.
You mean like the many times we've had a whole lot of people
that we've made human sacrifices out of over there?
And now we have the new stories about Guan, about Gitmo,
and the people that were like a torturing there,
enforcing food down their throat and age.
You.
Stuff like that.
Oh, yeah.
Definitely.
I heard about that.
But I've been sitting here about the truth.
I think, you know, I think that's where you get my energy.
Your naive idealism is very admirable,
but I'm afraid that you're living in Lala land, okay?
Just wake up and sniff the coffee, okay?
Wow.
I don't know which call, like, better.
The Moa liquor or this, the lady?
Well, let's take them up.
Now, while we're on, look.
You're always talking about a bunch of crap.
What are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do to stop people from killing each other?
I'm going to eat some of this chili.
I got from Alice.
Well, if you do that, I might open up these cookies
and take another way.
Oh, God.
I mean, you know, all that naive idealism is just fabulous.
You know what, rational thinking, feeling, human being,
wouldn't agree with that, but the idea that somehow,
on some stupid-ass talk show, with an average caller,
is like an IQ of minus 55,
we're going to come up with some solution for that?
Or anybody, anybody's going to come up with a solution?
Yeah, we got people writing about cartoons.
Oh, we're offended.
They had a couple of rag heads on over the weekend.
They're on these panel shows.
One Egyptian guy, one Palestinian guy,
and it was insensitive.
Well, insensitive, my ass, okay?
How about all the cartoons about the Jews with the big noses
and about Brink and the Islamic blood at Peth,
the Passover Seder?
This crap's been going on for years,
and nobody killed anybody about it.
How about the ugly cartoons about the Pope and all the other crap?
Nobody's killing people about it.
But rationalizing, justified.
Well, you know, all these people living in poverty,
when you know something,
take a look at their own oppressive leaders,
and then you find out what you're living in poverty,
like the freaking Palestinians, okay?
Take a look at the people that they've been propping up for years,
including that yes or I'm a dead fart.
All over the world, man,
rise up and revolt against your own people,
and quit blaming us for all your problems.
And by the way, let us have your oil, please.
12-13.
Yeah, where's your solution?
Where's Josh come up?
Where you want a big raise?
Come on, let's solve these problems now.
Let's stop being just a goofball entertainment show.
Let's start solving problems in the world,
and make this lady happy.
I'll get on it.
All this insensitive, heavy-duty, and brutalization
and people killing each other.
My God, what will it be next?
Huh?
Next will be dropping big bombs on Iran.
No, that's right.
I got that story in my pile, too.
I got a very big pile.
I got marine doubts called them smoking Dutch cleanser.
I'm going to do that after the break, I think.
I'm like, you know,
enough of these calls for a while.
Give the phone a rest.
Pat the phone area.
I'm patting it.
I don't even have a phone.
I'll pat the keyboard gently.
Neil.
I didn't pat it gently enough.
Sorry, no time.
Get out of here.
Can you believe I did that?
That's cute.
I just pated a keyboard and it's a guy popped up,
just like an hour.
12, 14 at 5, 60, WQA and Valentine's Day is tomorrow.
But don't panic, guys.
I got three words for you.
Vermont Teddy Bear.
Call one of their Bear counselors right now at 1-800-829 Bear,
and they'll hope you choose the perfect bear for your wife
or girlfriend,
and make sure it gets delivered tomorrow
with free gourmet chocolate and a gift card in their famous box.
Ask about the love banded bear,
the love of war bear with Tanttoo,
the man about you bear with a new red hot red neck.
Vermont the price of it doesn't roses,
you'll be giving her something special,
she'll love forever.
Vermont Teddy bears are the only bears handmade in America
and guaranteed for life.
And best of all, she'll think about you every time
she squeezes it in a house of bear too.
Make this the best Valentine's Day ever with a gift you love,
and always remember,
call 1-800-829 Bear,
or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com today.
Send the creative alternative to flowers,
overnight delivery is still absolutely guaranteed.
Absolutely.
He's still around, call 1-800-829 Bear,
and be sure and tell him that Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
Do it now.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-
Go, go, go, go.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack,
she's the use.
Use you to the torture,
cause they're just laying their game.
Purple thumb, break in the past.
It had to be worse than Sir Dham,
who's saying.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong,
we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor,
when the jabs dropped their bombs,
we bombed them bad,
and now the Saudis,
they hit us high,
and on our cards,
our little flags wade.
As that Saudi-loving,
retired voice of fathers,
the wrong way.
Oi,
stand up and barrage to be in America,
where they follow rules like sheeps.
The United States of arrogance,
and by Bush and his family,
we think of this country.
Ambulance talks to the United States,
and I disagree.
I don't want to be a tax America,
because USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
If the greatest country in the world,
they train us to believe,
and anyone who says that,
obviously,
ends up for to be.
And I'm embarrassed to be in America,
where we take three off,
and please wave a flag in what has,
with our head in the sand,
and lightly follow the powers that we have,
with that thing.
Washington State,
from you,
who's on a 65-inch screen,
scratcher,
five,
everything's okay.
USA.
Praise Jesus.
Funny past known to QM,
somebody says Carl Reiner for the poll,
the funniest movie guy,
who's very funny on television,
and he did a few movie things,
and which,
probably wasn't really funny, man.
We'll put him on there so they can vote for him.
I mean, if nothing else,
at least he was Rob Reiner's daddy,
and was also, you know,
the early days of TV should Steve Allen show.
And Carl Burnett,
but we won't hold that against him.
Morning, dog rights,
but let me put my teeth back in,
and you'll be proud of me.
I haven't eaten a cookie yet.
Really?
No, well, if I did eat one,
and my blood sugar goes skyrocketing like the day,
that stupid milker candy bar from John Gerriss,
he still owes him a polygrap.
What an idiot.
Seriously, man.
Well, he apologizes.
He likes to be telling me.
He coughed drops in the mail, you know?
Yeah, that'd be stupid.
Jesus, God, and that was stupid.
Didn't work too good either.
No, it didn't.
Oh, and he sure smelled good.
Let me just hold one, okay?
Mmm.
And these are loaded with chips, you know?
These aren't your pedestrian.
These are like kind of like medium-hard, you know what I mean?
Okay.
Well, otherwise, the ones that he likes too soft and mushy,
which nobody wants,
are the ones that are like bricks.
These are just the right consistency.
Mmm.
Anyway, I can get off this now,
a spell on him through the rest of the show.
Then at two o'clock, all holds are,
all bars are, whatever.
I don't know if we're going to get there.
We got 600 and what?
700 and some.
702.
And we're going to get to like a thousand by two.
And if we don't get to a thousand, you're going to have a very unpleasant lunch with Joe Bell.
Today's the big day, George has lunch with a boss, the new guy.
Where are you going to be eating?
I don't know.
I don't know if we are going to be eating or sitting in an office or what?
What?
I'm going to leave it up to him.
I thought you were having lunch with Joe today.
You can go across this guy.
Oh, I just said that.
The orifice, man, is that you've got to get out of the building.
There are a whole lot of bars.
You've got to get right there within about a two mile radius of that radio station.
Right.
Like that diner.
You can always model across the street to Chuck Subcenter there on the corner of 441 and I was very rude.
We could go to Taco Bell in honor of Joe Bell.
You can go to Taco Schmacko.
You could go up the street to Tonys.
How's that sound?
I don't even know if they have a sit down place in there.
They don't?
Yeah, they do.
Yeah.
Tonys.
Tonys are out of here.
Tell me how's that.
I was thinking about how he's I'm sorry.
How is my ass.
I don't know.
They do.
They do also.
How is that?
Yes, they do.
They do.
She knows all the hot spots, man.
That's right.
I know where it's at.
I'm going to go up to Tonys there and Tonys will take you.
Carry you guys.
You know I have to worry about who's picking up the check because that would be a person.
Maybe they should go to that stay-couse Houston.
That's right.
In order of some chicken fingers.
Marine doubt rights smoking Dutch cleanser.
Vice President Big Tini bitterly complains that national security leaks are endangering
America.
Unless, of course, he's doing the leaking tap and scooter liby to reveal national security information to punish a political critic.
President Bush says he won't talk about specific security threats to America.
Unless, of course, he needs to talk about a specific threat to Los Angeles to confuse the public and gain some cheap political advantage.
The White House says it's done everything possible to protect the homeland unless, of course, it hasn't.
Then it can lie to hide the callous portrait of an curious George and Crawford as New Orleans drowned.
The attorney general can claim that torture and moral is wiretapping our legal and can mislead Congress.
Unless, of course, that our Republican stand up and say his Arlene Spectre told the Washington Post that if that licks fiddle lawyer thinks that all this is legal, he's smoking Dutch cleanser.
The President does know the Indian take reject Abramoff.
Unless, of course, W's met with him a dozen times and invited him to Crawford and joke with him about his kids.
The Bushies can continue to claim that the invasion of Iraq was justified because Saddam was a threat to our security unless, of course, he wasn't and the change of all was simply abusing the trust of Americans to push a wild-eyed political scheme.
At the White House, the mere evocation of the word terror justifies breaking any law, contravening any convention, dispoiling any ideal, electing any Republican, brushing off any fader to govern.
Asked yesterday by Senator Susan Collins, why the administration is reacted in slow-mo on Katrina with people dying, people waiting to be rescued, Michael Brown replied that if FEMA had declared that a terrorist had blown up the 17-Street Canal levee, then everybody would have jumped all over that and been trying to do everything they could.
Instead of just going after 9-11 fiends as W. Promisson is with his bullhorn, the President and Vice President Strangelove have critically played the terror card to accrue power and sidestep blame.
They've twisted our values, mismanaged crises, fueled fundamental successes and violence around the world and magnified a class of civilizations.
It used to take in Israeli incursion when playing the Arab world, now all it takes is a cartoon in Denmark.
W. Inviced and voiced in hundreds of billions of dollars turning Iraq into a terrorist training ground, leading the 9-11 villains at large and letting cronies and losers botched the job of Homeland Security.
Brownie, one of the biggest boneheads in the US, has reconsidered the Homeland Security Chief Mickey Chordoff, so useless, that he deliberately didn't call him right away about the suffering into Orleans.
The culture was such that I didn't think that it would have been effective and would have exacerbated the problem, frankly.
Brownie told Republican Senator Bob Bennett, who called the statement staggering.
A telephone call to his boss, Brownie, said, would have wasted my time.
The Dupas, who Fritid away, live, email, what does that say? Fritid away lives, emailing colleagues about being a fashion god and wondering how he looked on television may have just engaged in self-protected spin, or as the Homeland Security Department simply created another set of paralyzing turf battles.
The most dysfunctional man in government is called the government dysfunctional. W. is the sophomore at Brownie, who are doing a heck of a job line, makes it even Brownie cringe.
Unfortunately, the former FEMA chief complained, he called me Brownie at the wrong time. Thanks a lot, sir.
In the New Foreign Affairs, Paul Pilar, who is a senior CIA official overseeing the least intelligence assessments until October, says the obvious conclusion that should have been drawn from the intelligence center rack, was that the war was unnecessary.
He says the White House went to war without requesting and evidently without being influenced by any strategic level intelligence assessments on any aspect of a rack.
He calls the relationship between the intelligence community and the policymakers, you've guessed it, politicized, damaged by bureaucratic rivalries, and this functional.
A final absurd junction of dysfunction was reached on Wednesday when Republican Party leaders awarded Tom Delay with a seat on the Appropriations Subcommittee overseeing the Justice Department, which is investigating Jack Abramoff, including his connections to Tom Delay.
Perfect.
Nice go on, Marines. You go, honey.
At least one thing I'll say when we put our articles on our website, they read them. That's something good, even if it's not about Howard Stern or the Rolling Stones or stuff like that or a Jennifer Aniston.
Twenty-seven runners learned her dingo in that spot that I was right, isn't it?
Just two of them had the strength to stop our writers paying all these records around there and he does that thing with a hand with a finger.
Pretty impressive, okay? He took any top to a couple of a leave and he can spread his fingers.
Feel better now.
And Bill Schanners said his legs too.
Twenty-seven pass known at QAIM.
Oh, you know something? I thought for a second there was going to do the wrong spot.
Look at that. Would that be Van?
Me too, Van.
Don't forget when you have your big lunch today up at Tonys, I want you to get on the table and start jumping and screaming and hyperventilating.
Like a Mexican jumping bean and heat.
Oh, this one over the weekend.
Right from the beginning.
I saw the whole thing.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
And then there's another one. The guy was right one. I pulled a few days ago.
You could watch that over and over and over again.
Everything has got something in it.
Right.
It's an after-home run.
When he's calling the world series, man, they're all like to their eyes.
Now, one of the big guys with the eyes bulging out of his head, it looks like Herman Munster.
Right. That's a three.
He's dead now.
And he just died, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Damn it.
And David's a bitch.
Kidney stones, the painful frontier.
These are the voyages of a very small asteroid passing through my little captain.
It's five-day mission to explore strange new worlds of agony.
To seek out new ways to make my life a living hell.
To pull the gallow where only talk of a toy's cap of yours gone before I.
I'm not about to do this. This is not long to tell on it.
It doesn't do anything.
Yeah, we could do that.
You fair. You fair.
You could do it.
Watch solid.
Or is it strange?
Can you explain that to me?
What is that all about?
I thought it was worthwhile the first 45 seconds and then the tail goes on for another minute.
What was that about?
We saw killings and good times.
Oh, and there's David Gregory getting really incensed now about how come they didn't contact the White House press corps about Cheney or shooting this a bird-gaw guy.
And Scott McClun's just lions through his teeth like always.
They were trying to analyze you know as long as they possibly could.
Like I said earlier, the guy who you know, paraded me a chap, chap a quiddick.
And I have an eating these cookies.
How about if I like remember how Connie ate the a cannoli and got five or three like like licking it.
He just like gummed the end of it.
I'm doing it to the end of my cookies.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless line.
Let's get these phone smoke and let's get that pole going.
The menu people are as a phargic as a dead dog man.
I think both my dead dogs are more energetic than you are and they're like in an urn somewhere.
722 votes.
We're not going to make a thousand of this rate.
I'll say that right now.
We don't get to like about 830, 800 and...
About 30 minutes.
You haven't got a trineman chance in hell.
I don't see that happening to you.
Now you're not.
What?
I'm not.
Well that's like only two or two a minute.
You can't do two votes a minute.
We should have done better than that on that damn sports talk show host pole.
Didn't we?
I think so.
I think we're doing like two or three a second there.
And by the way, Greg Cotex, it didn't turn all weird and strange.
We just kicked your ass.
You're expecting a lot of sudden turn out and that's what you got.
Just not the way you wanted.
Okay?
Loser.
Pathetic.
We got to sound a payroll across this street and he pretends to be objective.
Very amusing man.
Only the dumbest of the dumb would buy into it.
Even Eddie saw through it.
A bloop.
A bloop.
Stop and think about that.
I'd rather not.
No listen to me.
Stop and think about what we do.
This is the life we have chosen.
Okay?
There is a man whose name you constantly keep putting on a year's sleeve.
What is it?
McGowan.
McGowan.
And what company?
Vexel.
Vexel where actually the his superiors have been called years ago about the fact that this
is a man who spends most of his day cranking the show.
A bloop.
A bloop.
Hell.
And he doesn't care.
He doesn't care.
He can't stop.
Right.
It's like the Chamba guy that called again the other day.
I'm Friday.
And high boys neighbor.
Never gets on a year.
He never going to get on a year again.
It's fact.
This is their life.
I have no life.
It's just it's mind blowing man.
And then maybe they called before all her good intentions.
You think we're going to change the human race?
Yes.
Dominic Q.A. Ann.
Hi.
This one to explain that kidney stone bit was from Liam Shatner.
He didn't know why.
He was playing that.
No, I understand that.
I was just asking about all the music of being that goes on for half an hour.
Right.
But he sold his kidney stone on eBay or something in the casino, picked it up.
The same one that bought the grilled cheese sandwich for like 25,000.
Right.
So that was I guess the whole point of that.
But it could have been a hell of a lot of funnier.
I agree.
Yeah.
It's been a little bit musically.
I was right with it up until the music went on.
Yeah.
What was his help pull about?
I'll give you a vote.
What's the poll today?
Yeah.
The funniest man in the history of movies.
No, no, no.
For us to me.
Well, he's leading so far.
How about tomorrow's the poll?
The biggest hike of all time.
High?
Yeah.
I'm crewed bullshit.
Oh, okay.
Tom Cruise.
Okay.
I wonder what you meant by that.
You're fair.
Oh, pretty pretty.
Yeah.
Big candy injures burnout accidentally initially by Andy Card.
At that point, what was the informant?
The informant that the vice president had accidentally shot somebody?
You see, this is what they're worried about.
We got 2,500 dead Americans in Iraq.
We got thousands and thousands of dead people who were the ones who were supposed to be
liberating and they're worried about the vice president.
Got some buck shot and some old geese there.
It's duck hunting there with them in Texas.
That's what they're wearing.
The White House press corps all whipped up to a frenzy about, you know?
A bird shot.
Right.
Oh, the bird shot?
I totally think they were dead.
They were supposed to buck shot.
That would have killed five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
In fact, in fact, then we're all supposed to get as a bird shot so we don't get that damn avion flu.
That's right.
Should have been a bird shot.
WQIM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Three ladies.
Sorry.
Hi.
Good luck.
Can I speak a warhead?
I'll listen.
I'll observe.
Hi, warhead.
I decided to get out of Broward County for the day and come down the beautiful South day.
Now we're thinking about stopping at Nal's very farm.
Oh, you won't regret it.
Four of them have big milks, take fairs.
That was their family part.
Yeah, I'm just sniffing my fairs.
I'm just sniffing my fairs.
You guys have a cinabond.
You're going to do a simple, I sure love cinabond.
It's sticky, it can't eat that.
If cinabond doesn't want to eat jungle almond or run right down the road and get one of them.
Okay, yeah, definitely do it first.
Say hi to OG.
Bye.
Bye.
When you like it, it's good they don't have a place like that near you.
The German Bapsists run that place and it's the best stuff in the world all night.
Really?
I'm on the answer, won't you?
Yeah, we know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you stop with the food talk.
Okay, and stop talking to these abroad.
Often I lie like I'm not here, you know.
Hey, you're the one that opened that up.
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
I know, no lady.
I watched, um...
I didn't say that, he said it.
Hello, whatever.
Just because he didn't want to talk to him.
Right.
Anyway, I watched that.
I try watching, I imagine I hear it, but the thing kept shutting off the video on demanding.
So I couldn't see the end.
But the guy, he's talking about the email-hurst guy.
Right.
He's in another movie called, um, at home at the end of the world or something.
Oh yeah.
It's kind of like a game movie, but anyway, he's in the beginning.
I don't know.
I mean, the movie's kind of like a movie.
Yeah, yeah.
He only lasts like 15 minutes and then he's...
Oh, but is that the neighbor kid?
Is that the neighbor kid?
I imagine I hear him movies.
That's the guy he's talking about, right?
The kid's neighbor.
The son.
No.
No, the kid's...
The email-hurst plays the son.
The one that did the brother or the one that commits.
The one who's the...
The bastard son.
Oh, he's the younger brother.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought it was the neighbor that you would call the neighbor.
No, not the neighbor.
I think he's cute.
Well, I'm glad you do, because I think he's real me.
It's had a great day.
Maybe a year or a year.
Five.
I doubt it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, ten.
Oh, he's no McCulloch.
I'll send it out.
I'm still talking since you hooked me up with a call.
I'll just pick up only ever ripped McCulloch.
Jesus.
God.
He razzin' you.
I went to the ship land.
The point is...
What is the point?
As it turns out, he's not a bad actor, and he was quite...
He is a good...
Look, I can't watch him, okay?
I get...
I get...
I get...
I get sick in my stomach.
He was in the wheelchair, and he was...
I'm a good actor.
I like that part.
Uh-huh.
Was that before I had to make a lesson in the list of them?
I think after I'll be so.
How are we doing on that pull?
Are we going to make that thousand-day blow?
I'll tell you.
This...
Through last Wednesday, this show was on an incredible...
I can't even begin to describe it.
We were like breaking all of our records on the internet there.
We went up about 70,000 points on the internet thing when I showed you the comparison of the websites...
On Alexa and the other one.
And all of a sudden, man, Thursday, Friday, through the weekend, it's like...
Holy...
Like everybody in South Florida, like collapsed, you know?
Just when you think you're finally reached the pinnacle, and that's it.
742.
We haven't got a try-to-man chance to make a thousand-day.
We need 258.
Let's figure this out.
258, and we got 80 minutes.
That's like three a minute.
You think this layman's crowd can do that?
I don't know.
Maybe if we can argue that.
There was a bad idea you had to push in us to get that thousand votes today.
Because I didn't start this soon enough.
How about started talking about it?
Huh?
Let's do 2000.
Yeah, let's go for 5,000 today.
Okay, let's leave it on for a month and get 2000.
Well, we didn't have 2400 on the one over the weekend.
It's pretty impressive.
That's double our whole audience.
Hey, don't forget, Valentine's Day tomorrow, last warning.
Here's what you have to do right now.
Send a pajama gram.
A pajama gram is the perfect way to spoil your life a girl.
A friend of give her what she really wants.
She'll get the best pajama.
Is it you say pajamas?
I don't want to say that.
Because I don't say that.
But say, I'm a pajama.
Deliver it in a hat box.
You'll have along with a lavender sash, a sash a gift card.
And you do not have to serve it all for free.
Sending a pajama gram only takes minutes, but you'll think you spent a month planning it.
Shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIFPJs
and then make sure her pajama gram arrives on time tomorrow.
Find all the top brands from Company to Sex.
He plus the packaging is amazing, so you don't even have to wrap it.
A pajama gram makes the perfect gift.
And best of all, they'll think of you every time they put them on.
Women want to be pampered and as a gift you'll both love.
Overnight livery is guaranteed, so call 1-800-GIFPJs
or visit pajamagram.com right now.
That's pajamagram.com.
Be sure and tell them that ancient neal told you to call with or without a teeth.
Call 1-800-GIFPJs.
This is Neural Roger.
This is 516-QA.
Go, go, go, go.
Thank you, Martin.
That's not cool.
How you doing?
No, I was listening to the press conference here and they keep going on and on about this damn bird hunting brand.
Very nice, that's what the pamphors are ready.
When the hell was the basewalks?
Is it beginning anyway?
It was similar to you.
Not.
I can't remember back in the Super Super Super Super Super.
I used to have been in a pretty little way, I'd be f**ked.
Now I'm not the people, I'm not the only one I'd be f**ked.
And I was thinking, hey, don't call me your mom.
You must be the new fellow, completely dumb.
You may like the money now, I ain't got none on it.
F**k it.
No!
I don't get the features without any pressure left.
F**k it.
The people they kicked on, they didn't feel like f**king.
And since I'm in jail, they've had to some friends.
So when I got out, I fell off a guy's ear.
I'm back when I saw him.
I think that's not the way he was.
I think that's not the way he was.
I think that's not the way he was.
I think that's not the way he was.
It's not 46, so a little push-out and bird shots where it said,
we finally got the media animated and whipped up to a frenzy.
That's great.
That's great.
I'm whipped up just sniffing this.
Man, don't you know sniffing glue.
Let's see, what about Robin Williams' face?
Does this have some facts to hear?
Yeah, what about Robin Williams' rich?
What about Robin Williams?
Let's put him on there.
Okay, anybody who votes for him gets to go duck hunting with him.
And then he goes to the vice president.
What do you say?
Yeah.
The poll says, who's the funniest movie actor of all time?
Not who's the most pathetic.
God.
I can think about with him as the patched items with a nose on.
Every time I think Robin Williams now, I think of that.
I don't remember ever actually seeing that movie.
I didn't see the movie, but I saw the clips.
You've seen the clips where he's running around in a big voice,
a clown nose on, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Like John Wayne Gacy on a bad day.
On heated warning, his poor planning and apathy
and recognizing the scope of Hurricane Katrina's destruction led
to the slow emergency response from the White House down
to local parishes.
A house investigation concludes another panel, man,
another investigation, another report.
And that in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of gourmet coffee.
The 600 paid you, ported by a special Republican dominated
at housing, Kareena, one of the world's worst natural disasters
in US history, concluded the federal government response to Katrina
was marked by fecklessness.
Call it a good word.
I'm not sure if you wouldn't say that.
Fecklessness, flailing, and organizational paralysis.
Other than that, it was great.
Yeah, I love that word.
Anyway.
It said, President Bush received poor and incomplete counsel
about the crisis unfolding on the Gulf Coast,
and that late state and local evacuation orders
ended up in the confusion at their federal level.
Our investigation revealed that Katrina was a national figure
and application of the most solemn obligation
provided for the common welfare set a summary
of the scathing report obtained yesterday by the A&P,
who made fantastic chocolate chip gourmet picking cookies.
At every level, individual corporate philanthropic
and governmental, we failed to meet the charms that was Katrina
to report B. Sand.
In this cautionary tale, all the little pigs
build houses of straw.
The House find these marked the first of two congressional inquiries
in a White House review of the storm response
expected over the next six weeks.
That, by the way, is a direct quote from the report
in a cautionary tale, and all the little pigs
build houses of straw.
You following that?
That's your U.S. government.
Right.
On Monday, the Center Homeland Security and Governmental
Affairs Committee are continuing their own investigation
of the August 29 storm response by examining potentially
widespread abuse and femoral emergency cashier
assistance programs for disaster victims.
Up to 900,000 of two-and-a-half million applicants
received aid based on duplicate or invalid social security
numbers or false addresses of names
congressional investigators found.
You want those numbers again?
Up to 900,000 of two-and-a-half million applicants.
In other words, almost half received aid based on duplicate
or invalid social security numbers, false addresses of names
congressional investigators found.
Everything that we have found confirms exactly.
And we got to make cutbacks at the National Hurricane Center,
by the way, you see that this morning?
They're all up at arm because they got to cutbacks
to those people.
So that next time we have a hurricane,
you'll find out about after your houses blown down.
And after your dead, the warning will be the roof comes off.
The warning will be that you're in a box.
Everything that we found confirms exactly the indictment
of how the House Republican Center,
Julie Berman of Connecticut, the Committee's top Democrats
said yesterday, it is shocking and it is unsettling.
He also said, hey!
And it goes down.
It's on our website.
Even if it is, no, most people won't read it.
Why would you want to bother reading it?
Okay, there's nothing to do with Howard Stern.
And sir has nothing to do with Elvis.
779 votes.
770.
In 10 minutes we've got to get 30 votes.
If we don't have 800 votes by the time the little hand hits
the big hand at 1 o'clock,
you might as well just hand in your resignation
when you meet with Joe Bell today.
Just tell him we gave it a good shot.
We did the best we could.
And especially now that you take Mo out of town,
what the hell we got to talk about?
What are you going to do for humor?
You know, you know?
No, but I heard that.
776, man. Pick up sticks.
US prepares military blitz against Iran's nuclear sites.
Strategies said the Pentagon are drawing up plans
for devastating bombing raids
backed by submarine-launched ballistic missile attacks
against Iran's nuclear sites as a last resort
to block Iran's efforts to develop an atomic bombah.
Central Command and Strategic Command planners
are identifying targets, assessing weapons loads
and working on logistics for an operation
of Sunday telegraph has learned.
Has learned.
They are reporting to the Office of Dom Rums.
For all those America updates, plans for action.
If the diplomatic offensive fails to thwart
the Islamic Republic's nuclear bomb ambitions,
they run claims that it's developing only a civilian energy program.
Maybe they got some of them at Luminum Shields.
Is that Iraq had, huh?
Maybe they're getting ready for that mushroom cloud
that kind of leads to get lying about all of these.
Mushrooms.
This is more than just the standard military contingency assessment
that a senior Pentagon adviser
has taken on much greater urgency in recent months.
The prospect of military action could walk Washington odds
with Britain, which fears that an attack
with spark violence across the Middle East
reprisals in the West and may not cripple
to Iran's nuclear program period.
But the steady flow of disclosions
about Iran's secret nuclear operations
and the virulent anti-Israeli threats
of President Mahmoud Ahamina Jad
has prompted the fresh assessment of military operations
by Washington.
And I have no idea how you really say the president's name.
That's not the head.
That's not the head.
The mutt-wise is why we said it real fast.
The most likely strategy would involve aerial bombardment
by long-distance V2 bombers, each armed with up to 40,000 pounds
of precision weapons, including the latest bunker-busting devices.
They would fly from bases in Missouri
with an air refueling.
So get ready to strike yourself in tight.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
And as far as the bridge-speed and up to Iraqi kids,
they shouldn't have attacked us like you said.
I told you not to.
But it would keep them a finger too.
Let me refresh this and see if we even got the remotest chance
of getting the 800 by the top of the air.
784.
784.
You ready for that?
Got four more than I got.
Well, I'm way ahead of you.
You're on U.S. time.
784.
Okay, now we're on the equal footing.
560, 560.
We're now ready to call right there in noon
because now we're going to change the whole thrust of the show
from this point forward.
Who did more to save the human race?
Neil Rogers or Tom Likus?
See what I'm saying?
What?
All the people you would bring up?
Well, that's why I picked him up.
Who did more?
Neil Rogers or Bruce Williams
when the history of the human race is written?
What's doing?
Yeah.
And look at that phone, man.
Just a spattering and a smattering.
Right.
To save the human race before it's too late and stop all this killing
and this murder and bloodshed.
This lunacy.
People making babies like rabbits,
like they were by the way in that humpback mountain movie.
I mean, they were skipping around,
but all of a sudden he gets married to this chick,
the myriad of what's your name?
Michelle Williams.
And next thing we know is that like 16 little kids running around.
He sure was busy.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, God.
I got the great one.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Here he's okay.
What's going on with Cheney?
Has anybody got it's a better take on this thing right now?
What does that mean?
What's going on with it?
What does that mean?
Well, was it a legitimate accident or was something where he was just a soul out of his element that he didn't know what to do?
He kind of.
Out of his element, that's all he does, man.
He's going to huttin me.
You better get with it.
Read a book.
Have somebody read you something?
Out of his element.
Jesus, God.
Oh, my duck hunting with a judge with Judd Scalia.
Right.
While a while Rome is burning,
your vice president's out there duck hunting.
Right.
Now he is money.
Now he is money.
Count the oil shackles that are coming in from his good Saudi friends and all his other oil buddies, his bunk butt buddies.
While he's lying through his teeth to the media.
QAM, hello.
What happens if you whack it with Ben Gay?
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, that makes you gay.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Volvo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not Latino, but this canton prize from around the world in 80 days.
It was fantastic.
He's a good actor.
Who?
Canton prize.
Neil, no, who it is.
Oh, I'm telling him.
OK.
Who is it?
Canton's prize?
Captain Claus.
Gentle's lost.
What the hell?
I was talking about a guy with motion in his mouth.
What the hell was that guy all about?
It was OK.
I'm sure that's what he said.
I'm going to ask Neil because he'll know.
OK.
Ask Neil.
Hello, that guy.
Hey, who's Captain Claus?
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Not there.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hey.
It was a good thing, line.
Yes, sir.
He's not.
He didn't blow off the Scalia's face or maybe his brain.
I was hoping it was Scalia.
What do you mean?
I was saying, too.
Where would he find that?
No, really small.
Yeah.
OK, thanks.
Great call.
5670560.
They are good, man.
Seeing that, Lady thinks that we're going to solve the problems of the world with you,
with this crowd, with a South Florida audience.
You're dreaming, honey.
I think your profitimate and pills just like daddy and the imaginary heroes.
You had a different color pill for everything and then he got so exasperated at one point,
he just took them all.
Remember that?
Just shoved them off the ins of the encounter there in the back room and just shoved them all and gulped them all down.
They're all for him.
1256 and maybe he just popped them in his bag.
What?
That's a good way to get them in here, Susan.
1256 and 56.
We got Curtis in the revolving door there, too.
I think that's killing the whole station.
I'm not Curtis, you know, the fact that we don't have a lineup.
You might want to mention that.
Pass it along.
I think that's a really crappy idea that they probably ought to do something.
Consistencies.
What is all about, Joe?
People want to know who's going to be on, not like a smorgasbord.
Curtis and Bo and little more Moe and little too much Gellie.
Way too much Gellie.
Oh, God.
Man, I wonder what kind of a boat he put in somebody's rear of that place.
Oh, I am.
I just have to go ahead and have one of these.
I haven't even had like a little sliver off the, uh,
because I know that once I start, I'll have to wait for it.
What?
What?
Are you doing it?
I am not doing it.
All right, don't do it.
I'm not doing it.
I'm thinking about doing it.
Don't do it.
Okay.
Let me tell you about Brandy.
Can I do that?
Yeah, you can do that.
August 22nd, by the way, Berkeley, she is the best.
When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and values, what it's all about.
So get your ass over to Brandy's shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes.
Brandy's curious, a humongous election of all the top brands in the jubinus.
You'll love Brandy's.
They got rock pour, four-shime, echo, mafisto, S-A-S, new balance, all they have the top names.
And they got sales holes there that really know your feet inside and not want to make damn sure
that you walk out of there with a perfect customized fit every time.
As for Arnie, he'll take good care of you.
Brandy's even specialized in wide wits as well.
So Brandy's is well worth the trip from just about any place in town to make sure you take really great care of them titsies.
For comfort style, fit value and selection always think Brandy's shoes.
And you'll find Brandy's at 1290, nor federal highway in Pompano Beach Brandy's open every day, Monday, Tuesday, Saturday till 9,
and every Sunday till 5.
And again, this week it's the S-A-S sale.
A great time by S-A-S.
If Brandy's take 20 to 40 bucks off, they retail price of all great S-A-S men's and women's styles.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at BrandySews.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-S
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
We got it.
It's got the rail.
We went up and broke and take a slap in all women with painted lips around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one and two hours.
I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers here in balance one and two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
I, I, I, shoe.
Don't want the snow.
Everybody is both blue fighting.
I'm dying right here.
To your fastest riding.
And that is really fighting.
I, I, I can you see for fighting.
All these funky China hands from funky China time.
If you're eating them up, you'll be six feet under the ball.
If you don't want a chance to move, do not touch your cock or two.
A shopping barrage and before.
The thing we call 911, everybody is both blue fighting.
I, I, I, big bird is now in hiding.
Now treat the bird is fighting.
Time for the other fight we need.
101, American history has highly recommended.
Get it if you haven't seen it.
Edward Norton, Edward Furlong.
Yeah.
And it's pretty much it.
Nobody else knows anybody cares about.
LV Gold is in there, right?
Stacy Keach.
LV Gold has got a small part.
I think we're not sure tonight.
Sure that in common.
It is.
I think fans are liable.
I don't talk to those people.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We got over 800.
This audience when you least expected, man, when push comes the shove, they shove it.
They excited or what?
We got a shot.
We got an outside shot.
As Jimmy would say.
As the vice president would say, we got a shot.
You better not get in the way.
See, and just like that, it's not that we're going to call them before.
What's the latest on Dick Cheney?
The latest is he's still alive.
How do you like that?
I'm not talking about the guy he shot.
I'm talking about him.
That's the bad news.
That ticker is still ticking away.
The pacemaker hasn't given out yet.
812, we got 812 votes.
We got 58 minutes still to a clock.
Do the math.
813.
Which 8th have when they say do the math.
What a stupid expression.
Yeah, it is.
187 in 58.
That's like a more than three a minute.
You're not going to do that.
They're not going to come through for us today.
And I'm going to be so despondent and depressed.
I might just take the rest of the month off.
Let's just skip that March.
That 30th anniversary bullcrap.
And now I've got Kira Phillips on her.
And I really want to puke.
Let me get to my cookies.
Okay, fast.
And I haven't touched them.
Squeezing the bag though.
Burn that from mole.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I think that Dick Cheney should have another course on Hunter's safety.
Okay, Greg.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I got another movie.
You like American History X?
It's got the same people in it.
It's a pretty much same guy.
It's 25th hour.
That's a great movie with that.
Okay.
It's a Spike Lee movie.
And he goes on a big tire.
Oh, it's a Spike Lee movie.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't think so.
God, it's good.
It's great.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Do you see it?
25th hour, no.
Do you ever hear of it?
I heard it's a Spike Lee movie.
I remember he was a Spike Jones movie.
I remember when I saw Spike Jones, he was playing like the dish pan and the big pan right
and the zylophone made out of it.
Right.
That's right.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Neil, whether a Norm's tics for the spring training, huh?
Yeah.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Call it.
Got the Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah, Neil.
I haven't heard anybody talk about this this morning.
I get this call on the way out when I leave my house.
About FPL, charging attached pairs for poles that don't even exist.
Yeah.
What was the scoop on that?
You know, I just called a little bit of it and I didn't realize I didn't finish,
get to hear what they said about it.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I didn't see that story, but it wouldn't surprise me.
There are a bunch of, you know, a bunch of thieves, man.
A bunch of graveyards.
Your charging attached pairs, they are proposed and weren't even put up.
Yeah.
I was open.
You were Georgia, no, something about it because I didn't have all that.
I've never heard a word about it.
I'll look at all the public service permission.
Yeah, call the PSE and then I'll actually hear the last thing in the background.
Yeah.
You'll hear them all having a big party in an org, you know, whether it's a PSE.
Right.
The governor may be visiting.
They having a couple of belts drinking champagne that we find for them.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
And we're going to solve the problems that were like the My Seagull Show, baby.
Let's get cereal now, man.
Let's cut the waste in a time.
Let's get right down to Venice.
Solve the problems in the world here on this show, like the lady said.
What are we going to get with it?
Oh, the phone is ringing.
There must be a discount stairs.
Either the better or just one, the million dollars met the cash for cancel lottery.
Well, I'd play some bad joke music while you're down.
30QAM, you can't play it.
QAM.
That's entertaining.
You've done me.
Yeah, okay.
WDQAM, hello.
We're going to stop at 12.
QAM.
They have got for all here.
Yeah.
What happened to your voice, Scott?
I'm in fact, I lost the gravel, Scott.
WDQAM, hello.
No.
Yes.
I love your show.
I love your show.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
What are you guys talking about?
I beg your pardon?
Well, you all been talking about today.
What did you call for, sir?
Did you dial the number?
Did somebody dial it for you?
Did somebody hand you the phone and say, here, talk to these schmucks on the other end of the line?
Well, I've been kind of busy and I just wanted to share what's going on.
Yeah.
So why would you call if you don't know what's going on?
Isn't that kind of rude?
Isn't that, you know, in-tempered and that outrageous?
All right.
It's not a something to say.
Yeah.
There were 75,000 Canadians down here in Hollywood.
And then you have a one-man angry protest up in Canada.
I don't think that the argument is very compelling about which is a better place to be.
At least this time of year.
Yeah.
What?
I'll stay here, Pelley.
Okay.
If you're not a component, there's 75,000 Canadians down there.
Well, there's like 30 million of them up here.
I do like that schmuck.
A compelling argument against the same law of the grant, like there's an argument about whether it's a better way.
If the weather is of concern to you, although you are freezing your ass off right now relatively speaking,
if the weather is what you're looking for, this is not the time of the year to be here, although we don't have any snow on the ground.
There's no winter.
Like I said, stay where you are.
Now, it took him like about two minutes to finally figure out something like that.
Something hostile and combative, you know?
There you could have been there.
In addition to which to 75,000 Canadians you got down there, I wouldn't wish him on Steve Harper, okay?
Schmuck.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today, buddy?
I'm okay, Pally.
Actually, I have been listening to what I know I have to talk about.
But from what I heard, you were a discussion earlier.
Do you like to hear George May have caught that CNN presents last night?
Yeah.
About, you know, how it's like a tie rack on the...
Yeah, a little bit late now, isn't it?
Yeah, a little bit late, but it was probably one of the better things I've seen out of CNN in a while.
Yeah, and they made sure they put it out in the time when nobody watched it, too.
Yeah, I watched it at 11 p.m.
That's why I saw some of them out.
I got disgusted and went to bed because there's nothing on there that we don't already know that they didn't know before the last election.
Oh, exactly.
If anybody with a brain knows what it was all on there, unfortunately it doesn't get out to any people that don't have a brain.
We have another committee and another investigation to find out why it took CNN so long to find this stuff out.
Yeah, exactly.
It's so funny.
Boy, it sounded like they really tried to keep this chaining shooting hush.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
That's the same thing.
That's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
Laurel and Hardy, 18 dead.
Steve Martin, 18 WC Field, 16 dead.
Evan Costello, 16 dead.
Charlie Chaplin, 16 dead.
Gene Wilder, 16.
Dave Schiphol, 13.
Jerry Lewis, 13.
Brain dead.
Leslie Nielsen, 12.
Albert Brooks, 8.
Mike Myers, 6.
Harold Lloyd, 5 dead.
Bob Hope, 5 dead.
Eric Idle, 4.
Jay and Silent Bob, 3A.
Rowan Edkinson, 3.
Mr. Bean.
Buster Keaton, 3 dead.
Bert Larr, 3 dead.
Rob Williams, 2.
Marty Feldman, 1 dead.
Michael Pallin, 1.
Graham Chapin, 1.
Which one is dead?
Grab Chapin.
Grant, like I said, Graham Chapin, 1 dead.
None, 0 Carl Reiner.
Roberto Benini, I wonder if he's going to...
Roberto Bellaggio, remember him?
Yeah, I do.
The great soccer player.
He's had his soccer players remember that's great call?
That's your do.
Roberto Bellaggio, don't play it, please.
Roberto Benini and Andy Paul from the Curry Club,
from the Curry Club, from the Curry Club, from the Curry Club.
No.
I'm the big O out of 840.
Do the math, baby.
160 votes to 1,000 that would really...
Would that be a feather in our cap or what?
160 divided by 49 minutes.
Oh, so close and yet so far.
I can smell failure.
Can't you smell it?
Or is that those cookies?
Yeah, I was farted.
Yeah.
Silent Bob, failure.
12 minutes after 1 at 560 W.
We got Curtis and the revolving slot at 2 today.
We've also got the revolving sales department,
which you don't want to hear about that.
I would just...
You know what, when you sit down and a lunch would you know today?
I would just start spitting all over the play.
You know, I have like spitting...
I did it spiddling all over.
Right, like a sprinkler?
Like you were having some kind of a spastic attack.
Because now I think that would like sum it up pretty well.
I think that would like to express how we feel about the 8 plus years of this madness...
Of this slide.
Like my friend, it is.
I don't think he's going to get that word in edgewise.
No.
Hey Valentine's days, tomorrow get that in.
Last thing you want to do is spend your weekend at the mall.
Oh, this is that old copy.
Well, the weekend's over.
Now is the last chance.
Poor Hank.
I've got three words for you.
Vermont Teddy Bear, co-wanted their bear counselors at 1-800-29 Bear.
And I hope you choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend.
And they can still get it there.
I'd scare and teed on Valentine's Day tomorrow.
They'll live a ride on Valentine's Day with free chocolate and a gift card.
Ask about the love band of bear, the lover boy bear, the mad about you bear, the new bad
hot redneck bear.
And for about just the price of a dozen roses, you'll be giving that special someone something
she'll love forever.
Vermont Teddy Bear is the only bear is handmade in America and guaranteed for life.
And best of all, so think about you every time she hives that bear.
Make this best Valentine's Day ever with a gift she'll love.
And always remember, call 1-800-29 Bear or shop online at VermontTedibere.com.
But you've got no more time to do it, baby.
Do it right now.
Send a creative alternative to Flowers Valentine's Day.
Liberty is still guaranteed if you make that call now.
And some that ancient Neo told you to call 1-800-829 Bear.
1-800-829-BEAR.
This is Neo Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
It's time to get it on.
All right.
Everybody is a severed by all the time.
But you do that so well, life is lost ever.
For his popular praise, in anger, in high school,
said to him, no,
he had read by an ink step right by all the time.
Right in my color and sent fear.
It's where this friend's eyes come to be,
and they don't want you to hear.
You'll find us there at a few slight showers.
When I'm a shatter, they threaten us like you to the balls.
They're in the grandlot of our towers.
I go and do some week hours you've had a call.
You press, have a grand flight,
and he's a severed by all the time.
So how does he feel if he do something that brings his walking
from top of no peak?
Yeah, I told that I could spell it all away with him.
One 18-A-S.
We're not going to get our thousand most today.
We'll hang your head and shame, man.
Is somebody cooking garlic in the hallway, Josh?
I know, Robert.
Grieber just walked in with bullioed throughout the cow.
Hi, AC.
Very well.
Are you bringing me for you guys to share?
I'm fine.
Or are we did our howies?
That's right.
Okay.
We don't need any help.
In fact, if Robert Grieber wrote in food,
I would have somebody taste tested before I touched it.
I know who.
I hate 65.
I'm going to tell you we're not going to make that thousand.
You people let us down today.
Of all days, as we get closer and closer to that 30th anniversary,
you notice the calls too.
More and more thoroughly,
that's why I've played that bit.
More and more hostile.
More and more nasty.
And by the way, it's 28 degrees in the cloudy,
a little murky, a little sunshine this morning.
Not bad.
No snow on the ground.
Nobody's complaining here about the weather for that schmuck.
Now, if you were in New York at Boston,
it might be complaining a lot.
Too bad.
868, not too great.
If we can't get a little overnight,
or a vote's about a mod in the air,
I say I'm taking the rest of February off.
I'm getting ahead of you just thinking about it.
Too much pressure.
Somebody says, add any Murphy.
Good idea.
Okay.
And none of the above.
Get those on it right away.
Because those might be, those might be new revenue stream,
right?
The online auction.
Yeah.
Those might be new vote-givings streams.
Yeah, it's a new revenue stream that it may easily.
And of course, probably they'll be doing that on the QM website.
That's probably what Josh is going to have to be doing now.
To get that extra income on the side,
is it participating in some of their online scams, you know,
like auctioning old crap off that they found around a building.
And maybe they'll get the stream.
Maybe I'll get the money from that.
No.
Broward School Board member Bob Park says,
he too will switch his votes to support a counter that starts
school August 14, just in only moments ago.
Talk from the QM News Department.
I'm changing my vote order and the acrimony.
This issue is created.
Park's a pop-it-o beach road in the email.
He sent to the superintendent over the weekend.
Park's had voted with a five-to-former majority last week
when the board approved August 9 as the 2006-07 start date.
The school board's expected to reconsider the issue at his February 21 meeting.
That's the week from tomorrow.
Last week's decision angered many parents who maintained that the district survey
showed that most parents and community members favor
to late August start date.
Board member Beverly Gallagher,
remember Pison Oster as he had a change of heart.
And now it says, with him changing with Park's
and adversarily assures the school board will change the start date
because at least six of the members are agreed.
So happy about that?
Yes.
It's about time.
Idiots.
Missing the February vacation start in school on a Wednesday.
What a bunch of morons.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think I'm going to take one more snip.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
It will keep me going.
I know we're going to fall short on this thing with the thousand votes.
And since Josh Cortis is the one that started banging on that,
isn't either one that started like pushing we can get to a thousand eight-eighteen.
We need a hundred and twenty in forty minutes.
That's three a minute.
Can we do it?
Who does know for this show?
The people that vote on the poll or the people that call on the phone?
Huh?
Yeah.
What a bad idea.
How many QAM?
Hello.
QAM?
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Doctors for the new poll.
Nothing but hype.
Doctors.
Okay.
That sounds good.
Nothing but heartaches.
But hype.
I know.
That's what I said.
He's a little slow.
Nothing but heartaches.
I'm doing little surprise by the way.
See, blah, blah.
Good luck with your test results tomorrow.
By the way, blah, blah.
Oh, yes, dad.
I got caught up with his blog.
And I see he also got the standing in the shadows of Motown and loved it.
See that?
No, I didn't see that.
See the thing that suds is doing for the human race.
Thanks a lot again, suds.
You're the best.
Everybody and their brothers getting that.
All it only got five votes on it.
Pull, we took the other day.
Because once you watch that, if you're a Motown fan, you've got to see it over and over again.
Just, you can't stop watching it.
Eight eighty four when you've lost more.
What do you think?
Well, if you are a betting man, if you were like Wayne Gritsky, I mean,
and you want to hear the apologists up here, of course, because they all got their head
way up when you all the way to his needle nose.
And no, Wayne hasn't done anything wrong.
Even though they got the tapes, even though they got where he's saying,
what can we do to like and protect Janis and what can we do to, you know,
all this other crap.
Didn't know my ass.
If your wife is making a half million dollars in vets, you tell me that no matter how much money
you're making, you don't know about it.
Right.
Especially when she's laying the vets with your assistant coach on the hockey team
that you own, that you're the coach of, that's standing right next to you,
while you're losing that afternite, and you don't know about it.
Maybe that was the best he's laid.
Your full-up crap, Wayne, always have been, always will be.
And here, oh, he didn't do anything, but a big, but oh yeah.
Send him out duck hunting with your vice president.
That's what I say.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Any nail?
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
Is it true that Czechoslovakians who get abortions are called cancel checks?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Wow, fresh ad-foot.
Yeah, that was from the Joey Reynolds School, Q-A-M.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Deal.
Yeah.
I got one for your poll.
Yeah, okay, good.
Stick it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Who's that doctor, Dr. W?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Who's it?
Who are you calling?
Uh-uh, 560 A-M.
This is 560 Q-A, not A-M, Q-A-M, 560 A-M.
Who are you calling?
And?
I want to talk to Neil.
You're talking to a man.
Who do you think you're talking to, uh, Rumpel Stiltskin?
Come on, let's go.
Oh, sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm out of your story.
I usually say, you're sorry, but you ought to be sorry.
Well, you know, living in Miami, I get sorry all the time.
It does affect what used to be a brain.
That's right.
Well, I just want to tell you, I'm a long, long listener.
Oh, wow.
The 20-20-year-old stud, what I started listening to, now a 43-year-old putt.
Wow.
I don't know.
It happens to the worst of a spally.
Yeah, I went to Toronto in July.
Yeah.
And I thought of you.
Well.
Like, and another thing, uh, I'm moving to Forensa for the next six months.
Leave it Miami.
Oh, my God.
Am I ever jealous of you?
Wow.
Forensa.
So, are you an edg?
And you've, uh, you've been, you've been one of the reasons to stay in Miami.
But now it's time to go, Neil.
Chalvella.
Bye.
I'll read the dirge.
And Zlauri King would say, I remember dirge.
Hey Larry, you idiot.
How do you like that?
There's a guy's movement to Forensa.
Florence, Italy.
Oh, good.
That's incredible or what, huh?
What do you think of Florence?
Henderson.
Oh, yeah, I thought she was oily.
Yeah.
897.
You know something, they may surprise us here today.
They might just pull us off.
None of the above isn't got any votes here, though.
I mean, if they're going to vote for none of the above on this pool, I mean, what do they
want?
You know, give us some, uh, break.
We named every male comedian that's ever been born, that's ever made a movie.
Haven't we just a boot?
God.
Carl Reiner, Terry Jones and Terry Gilliam don't have any.
What about Junior Gilliam?
What do you think?
Who?
Houston plays certain bass for the Dodgers back in the 50s, Junior Gilliam.
Pee Wee, recent short.
Junior samples.
You two in your sample.
Now where do you come up with that?
Junior myths.
Junior samples.
Where do you know that from?
I don't know.
I heard it on a cartoon or something.
Junior samples.
Josh Markedown, Markedown, the date and the time.
So who is becoming a sports nerd?
Oh, that's a sports guy.
Yeah, he is.
I thought it was an old comedian or something.
Wow.
That is shocking.
So that goes to your image, which sport he's been sampling.
A company in the United Arab, when you listen to this, a company in the United Arab Emirates
is poised to take over significant operations at six American ports as part of a corporate
sale, leading a country with ties to the 911 hijackers with influence over a maritime
industry considered vulnerable to terrorism.
That makes a lot of sense, doesn't it?
Including Port Everglades, I heard.
The Bush administration considers the UAE an important ally in the fight against terrorism
since the suicide hijackings and is not objecting to do by-port world's purchase of London-based
peninsula and oriental steam navigation company.
You say you're right about that, by the way.
The 6.8 billion dollar sales expected to be approved today.
The British companies, the fourth largest ports company in the world and it's said would
affect commercial US port operations in Baltimore.
Miami!
New Jersey, New Orleans, New York and Philadelphia.
You got a bunch of schmoth aheads that are going to be running the ports.
Six of them.
D.P. world said they want to approve of a private secret of US government panel that can
consider security risk of foreign companies by reinvesting in American industry.
Does this set up to make your plots?
The US Committee on Foreign Investment in the US thoroughly reviewed the potential for
transaction and concluded they had no objection.
The Committee earlier agreed to consider concerns about the deals expressed by a Miami-based
company, LRN Company, according to LRZ Attorney Michael Kreitzer, LRZ Business Partner with
the British shipping drive, but was not in the running to buy the ports company.
The Committee, which could have recommended the President Bush block to purchase and
include representatives from the Treasury Defense Justice, Commerce, State and Homeland
Security Department, in other words, a bunch of far-bitching and they're all in bed together.
They're all schmiering each other.
26 past 1 a.k.a. how many votes do we have?
We got 900 yet?
That would be exciting.
That would make me feel like we got a shot.
We got 905 and we're still alive.
How do you like that?
By the way, the junior samples I know was on He-Ha.
I thought junior samples was a football player.
But what I'm thinking of was on He-Ha.
How come you guys ain't Googling it?
As in, Josh is Googling it right now.
Oh.
John Baker is, John the Baker.
See, you got me all confused.
I'm thinking of like Howard Baker and James A. Baker, the turd.
Right?
John the Baker, by the way, luckily isn't related to any of them.
But he is famous for great pizza and family-style, Italian food and South Florida.
I've worked very, very, very long time for over 30 years.
He's been serving up in a fried locations.
I've always loved his food, especially when I lived in North Miami.
And you will too.
Oversized portions, delicious pizza.
World-famous garlic rolls as big as your head have made John the Baker absolute the
best.
The Stone Hoan Titans favorite like lasagna, chicken, parmesan, veal and peppers, cannelloni,
oversized hot and cold, and white until you try everybody's still raven about it.
The famous soffie, I can't even say it.
Sloppy sausage sub.
All right.
You guys are still slavering about it.
In fact, this tells you when you start slapping it.
Let's say you're slapping over that sloppy sausage sub from last week.
All fantastic and all made fresh and all that John the Baker's low-family prices too.
And John the Baker become part of their family too.
Stop out from fantastic pizza and lots, lots more.
You'll find two great locations for you.
John the Baker and Pember Pines at 125.92 Pines Boulevard for take out there called 954.
431.435.15 and the new location just opened at 80.35 Sterling Road.
That's at the corner of Sterling and Pine Island Cooper City for take out called 954.252.0091.
252.0091.
George and Josh had been raven about it all week long.
When did they bring the food again, by the way?
Probably pretty slow.
It just doesn't get any better than John the Baker.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You don't bothering me while I'm in here.
Isaac?
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me!
No, not.
I gotta save it!
Kelly call me every 3 minutes!
Why did we move theences?
Sir, you told me to move theences?
I didn't tell you anything.
You must understand me.
No sir.
You said move theойти to Monday.
Hey, hey.
Listen, but wipe. I'm the boss. I make the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You all move the practice.
Okay. Okay. How we doing with it anyway?
I am mad. Hold on.
What I mean?
Remed!
Ha ha ha!
You have a shot. The hell up. I'm on the phone, Remed!
Hi, Z. Yes, sir. What was your question?
I'm killing you. I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson
called me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on.
Remed!
Get here, boss. Stop the remed!
I'm going to fall, boss. Stop the floor, Remed!
Remed!
It's just like this in my hand, Remed.
That's your penis, boss. My other hand, Remed!
Ha ha ha! That's a foam ball.
Right. I can't hear anything, Remed. Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I said, sir, sir. The moves are working out very well. The practice is fourth and
it's time for me to...
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Why are we even feeding the WB?
Barely.
Oh my God.
And Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course! Hold on a second. Remed!
It's the book. What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remed. I'll jam that thing down your throat.
Get the food burn away from me.
Oh, come on, Remed.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up, I, sir. Listen.
You see me? What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You should have imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down, fly to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it. You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all of a sudden.
You cut out of Michael Jackson's interview.
But, sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work.
That's it, that's it, that's it.
Puppet minister, me!
Idiot!
Oh!
Remed!
Yes, he is.
What the hell are you doing now?
This is a blowball.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remed!
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, both.
My other ear, Remed!
That's the phone, both.
That's the phone, Remed! Get out!
Get out!
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
Kill on me.
Kill on me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Kill on me.
Sorry.
Kill on me, softly!
26- still 2.
I got bad news and good news.
The bad news is we're not going to make the thousand votes.
We only got 917.
They're trickling in one at a time.
The audience letting us down the good news is, remember I told you the phone rang before?
Right.
And my computer is finally fixed.
Oh, excellent.
The power supply had burned up.
Remember? That's what it was.
That's what it was.
Power supply.
Oh, it smelled really bad.
All over the cookie smell.
Mmm, pretty good.
So I'm going to go get my computer.
The only thing is I'm kind of like, I don't know what should I do.
Because this one working really good.
Oh, well, it's always good to have a spare.
Yeah.
But that's the new one.
Well, although this one's just as fast as the other one,
I don't know why it got any to rest.
That's it.
You need to rest all of a sudden,
but a being better woman is like a lightning, man.
It's fantastic.
Lightning.
Just like that.
Oh, like a lightning, a thunder that went in a high sugar junior herd outside the Calvary Church.
But he got out of his knees and begged for Jesus to save him.
What are all I crap?
God.
I guess he figured that's pretty good racket too, you know.
919, man.
We need 81 votes in 25 minutes.
I don't think it's in the Andy card, do you?
You can do it.
I can do it.
What?
If I sit here in 921, you see that?
They're coming in and chunks now.
Can you smell it?
That's what you smelled.
I think I'm going to stick with this computer.
I think I just put the other one in the closet with Tom Cruise and John Pervolta.
And our Kelly's in there too.
Hey, how are these?
Britain is an embletting that the old guy that I winning didn't got.
Was that duck hunting or bird hunting with the Cheney and that's our Kelly?
Britain is open and investigation into new allegations of abuse by its forces interact.
It's not allegations, okay?
After a newspaper released, what it described as a video showing soldiers savagely being a wreck used which we've seen 50,000 times today.
The news of the world said yesterday the alleged attack, it's not alleged.
The attack by eight soldiers which followed a scene showing used throwing stones at the soldiers was videotaped in southern Iraq in early 2004.
Britain's defense ministry said it was aware of these serious allegations and that a military police investigation was looking into them.
We condemn all acts of abuse and brutality, always treat any allegations of wrongdoing extremely seriously, said a spokesman.
The news of the world said the scenes which lasted for about two minutes were videotaped by a corporal for fun, apparently from when you're by rooftop.
Yeah, he was just fun, you know.
On the tape, the youths, please for mercy are ignored.
The beatings include what appears to be a British soldier kicking one of the youths, showed and pinned to the ground by other soldiers in the genitals.
Like you always say, it has always got to be some factory involved.
What is the fraternity crap, whether it's hazing, whether it was just like it was a hit all like that, plunger raping, police, all of the...
Right.
In another case, the soldier puts a boy in a headlock, then releases him only to butt his head against the boys, then struck his fist on the boy's head.
The youths' cries can be heard on the tape which shows a minute's worth of the attack with 42 blows counted according to the newspaper, even around Jeremy's impressed.
The tape includes what sounds like a running commentary approval from the cameraman.
Oh yes, yes, you're going to get it. You yes, not a little boys.
That sounds awfully gay.
But then again, it's brits keep in mind.
The narrator can be heard saying is the blows land, die.
The news in the world said the video was shown to friends of Corp. in Europe and one of them reported the incident to the tabloid newspaper.
And it just goes on and on.
But we're there to like emancipate where he didn't sex up the intelligence because there wouldn't no intelligence involved.
You have to be a moron to believe Blair and Bush.
A couple of BB brains.
I was speaking a buckshot, bird shot.
Right, 936. What do you think? You think we're going to get 60 foe moe?
If we don't, I'm going to get out my hands and knees and pray for Jesus to accept us.
All of us, the whole crew.
They're trickling in 939, 940. Here they come one at a time.
What's your thoughts? What's your thoughts on dessert?
You know one thing about that movie, two movies.
American history has, say, I don't know about you.
But my idea of a really good movie is a movie where there's not a drag time.
So like this all is crap about their ass mountain.
I mean there's nothing but drag.
The only person drag too.
Oh, it's not the only other question.
Yeah.
What did you not not that anybody out there cares but tell them they're letting us down today?
In imaginary heroes, remember they're having the new year, the Christmas party,
at the Goldberg, the Roll Whatever, the Jew guys, the houses?
Right.
And I think it's a drag queen sings that really a bizarre song.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do and I don't know what it is.
And Tim is standing there watching kind of curious Nancy and he leads you up for you.
Well, what is that? Was that a drag queen?
I'd have to say.
I mean, why I have to ask you, it tells you it's pretty good.
No, I don't know.
But anyway, the one thing about American history is, and imaginary heroes,
there are no down moments.
In other words, there's no dead time.
You never think, oh, this is drag.
Not for a second, do they drag?
I mean, that broad might be a drag, but that's beside the point.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
I mean, for me, that's a very important component of a good movie.
If you've got a movie that's like really ponderous and you're yawning and well,
I went into this and I'm like, oh, like that bear-embarrassed mountain.
Oh, God.
And you still haven't seen what you call it, a license.
Roadside bomb kills four US troops in Afghanistan.
No, but I got it in my pile and I'm watching like three, four a day now.
So I'm like, catch up with you.
Well, what are these days?
Yeah, when you least expect it.
948, that's kind of great.
52 in the 20 minutes.
That's under three a minute.
Now we're starting to like cut into that ratio.
Well, here's the attack again.
Back home.
British MP say one man is under arrest.
Now, you notice it says video of apparent beatings.
No, it just looks like they're beating.
But they're just fun and I'm going to go back to the day.
Yeah, it's only stimulation.
Or that stimulation.
Okay.
They're old.
They're the California proof.
Okay.
So then you're getting old and clay.
And your time's to pay it every day.
Do what for me, man.
And that's for sure.
And so for you, we got the cure.
Just eat some of us.
Eat us every day.
And then flush your class away.
Don't you know that they're vain?
Cool than they're pasting.
Man, I'm used to it.
So play a spin.
Yeah.
X-Lax is nice, but it don't wake fast.
Just eat some of us.
We'll be up to work.
Underbody, yeah.
I'm not fighting if you eat us or the sunny day.
California proof.
What a way to go.
9.56, we ain't going to make it.
We're going to come so close and miss just by a curly little hair, you know.
9.56.
So what I got, we can do that.
We need 44 votes in 15 minutes, you may need.
Oh, they can do it.
A vote of minute.
It's almost three a minute.
No, what are you talking about a vote of minute?
It's like 15.
No, your math, the real math.
9.57, they're pouring in by the ones.
They're trickling in.
Kind of like the votes for Kerry and Ohio.
They've slowed down real bad now.
They must have the die-bold people must be taking a hold of our computer thing.
By the way, my new computer is ready.
I tell you that, yes, you did.
Got a Chinese guy working in a repair or whatever.
No speaking English.
I feel like I'm in Miami again.
Oh, speaking of that.
Yes.
It's got a haircut yesterday.
9.59.
Yes.
And your people, boy.
My people.
The lady cut in the hair and the lady getting her haircut, man.
They were like Israeli or something.
No, listen, don't leave me with no Israelis, man.
It's not my people.
No, they are your people.
No, they're not.
And you don't need them.
Everybody's got to be weird.
Even if it's a Dutch accent, you say your people.
So, uh, no, there you go.
It's good for the goose.
Take a gander at this.
I think there are any change.
I'll number four right up in the year.
9.59.
Let's see.
Now, this is kind of stupid.
I mean, it doesn't mean anything.
It just means something to us.
You know, 9.66.
I'm quoting them.
Look at the chunk that just came in there.
Their chunk came in for granted.
A big chunk.
You could vote on your phone, too, probably.
I could do what?
On your blackberry.
Of course I could.
You know something.
Let's go.
You will never believe this in a million years.
Probably not.
Guess what I have in my hand right now.
Your blackberry.
Yes.
Huh.
So you were probably thinking something else.
And not even one of them gourmet chocolate chip cookies.
Well, you wouldn't have that.
The reason I had it is because I was like sticking it in my pants pocket
because I just, during last break, I got dressed.
You're getting it right.
I want to race over and pick up my computer and get that over with.
Because I know it's going to be a big strong advance.
It's a nightmare in that place.
But anyway, vote for Mike Meyer.
How do you like that?
By the way, one of the articles, I'm sure you've read it.
Yes.
As if they're going to be doing the whoever it is.
Is working something out to get around it.
The blackberry people.
Instead of it shutting down.
Yeah.
This is besides the Bill Gates thing that you were talking about.
Right.
No, I did not see that.
I didn't read it.
And, uh, why would you have you got it?
I saw it yesterday, but I could probably find it.
Well, why didn't you tell me that before now?
I could have like, we could have Googled it.
Because it didn't occur to me.
And so you said blackberry.
Well, good.
Well, thank God for that.
Don't take my blackberry, man.
There's one thing I don't want.
I'm going to take away my blackberry.
Not just the emails.
It's the instant messaging.
It's the internet.
You can do just about everything on there.
It's got color.
It's got black and white.
Oh, and that was another interesting thing in American history.
The way that they did the old scenes, the flashback scenes and black and white and the
cross scenes in color.
Right.
Very interesting.
Brilliant.
Very well done.
Great movie.
American history, I said Norton.
I never heard about curbing before until that show either.
Oh, man.
That was...
Oh, oh.
Put your teeth on the curb.
Well, we don't want to go into it.
I don't want to.
No.
No, I can't.
I don't want to.
And there they go with that terino crap again.
Okay, even see on ABC.
I can say very little good because I can't say at ABC news.
But I'll say this Friday night at the end.
I can turn over to get real a squeal of fortune.
At the ass end of the news, I've brought what's your name?
That does the...
I have no idea.
Made it.
Huh?
I mean, Bob Wood, we're doing it feeling good right now.
But whatever her name is.
She says...
We're doing a little Olympic update.
She says...
There's been the debate between terino, which is the Italian name for the city or Turin.
We and ABC decided to stick with the English Turin.
All right.
Let's hear it for ABC.
We can't say much for them.
It was a bit of a bargain.
That's your name.
What a memory.
I got you, B.
974.
We're going to do it.
I told you we could do it.
And you could...
No chance.
By the way, that guy he mentioned was a comedian.
Junior samples.
Junior samples.
I told you he's a comedian.
He said, no, he's a football player.
Country comedian.
Junior samples.
Well, what is he?
What was that show he was in?
I read it for the long haul.
He hauled.
See, I told you for a second.
I mentioned both to it.
Junior samples in a he haul.
Hey, if you admit to being a...
Like in a he haul.
Vice President take out in the woods, man.
You won't come back.
I'm like his old buddy.
All these people all whipped up.
All the Vice President shot a guy.
Let me say it again.
He said, the biggest butcher is the biggest murderer
in this country he's ever had in power.
Except maybe Harry Truman.
And, you know, at least he did it.
At least he laid it right out there to the Japs, you know?
And now look how they're getting even.
And then amazing.
What goes around comes around.
And that's because after WW2, what did we do?
We helped to build the Germans up again.
And the Japs up again.
That's right.
In our in a lot of areas, they're leaving us like in the dust.
In the dust.
And Lou Dodgs is on their screen tonight.
Oh, all the outsourcing and jobs.
The India will help me next.
Okay, the engines.
They got some real issues there in injury, you know?
Too many people.
Well, yeah.
Too many people.
And too much curry.
Scandals guard Republicans, question, bushes, actions.
President Bush came under fire from angry Republicans
Friday for his failed policies on a rack health care immigration
and other hot button issues in a closed meeting
mentally shell-shot party members for this year's
congressional elections.
They're peeing in their pants over, baby.
They know that their days are numbered.
Someone so far as to call Bush an embarrassment to the party
and the nation and grumbled that the party would stand a better
chance than a member's midterm elections if he were not
president, although no more so far as to suggest he'd be
impeached at least not yet.
Oh, man, I'm rubbing my hind legs together.
I'm so excited about this.
Like a grasshopper.
It became evident in the meeting that a growing number of
Republican members of Congress feel the president's no
longer an asset to the party.
Well, he's part of that anyway.
He's the asked part.
Says one, he'll be congressman who asked not to be identified.
A lot of ass going around.
Scandal Rock Republicans in a house claim publicly
Bush, you know, Vation, when he defended his program to
use drop without court warrants on Americans with suspected
terrorist ties.
A program that's been questioned by both Democrats and
some Republicans.
But sources in the meeting who asked not to be named as
the meeting was formally closed at lawmakers, anxious
over pull showing waning faith in the man the president
called the president to task for his growing list of failures.
Many members of the president's party have voiced
concerns about the $2.77 trillion federal budget that
Bush has proposed this week, which would boost defense
spending but bring cuts in 141 domestic programs from
veterans health care to housing.
I mean, what kind of a moron do you have to be enough to see
through this crap, huh?
More tax cuts for the rich, more money for war, and
screw everybody else, including the veterans that he's
always peeing on about it.
You got to support our troops.
But once they come on, the scrim, stick it to them.
Others raised questions about Bush's domestic spine
programs saying his refusal to follow along along the
national security agency to where to have Americans will
hurt the party in their upcoming midterm elections.
While some Republicans tried to put a brave face and
what was often a contentious meeting with leader of their
party, many admitted privately that most of the people in
the show this pleasure with Bush and often they question both
his commitment to the party and the American people.
How do you like that?
Huh?
Whole articles on our website.
You might want to read some of those if you have somebody
read them to you.
Be really good for you.
I think we're going to have a cookie before I go and pick up my
computer.
Give me some extra energy.
Right where you can just take room to the energy with me.
She can just let it back.
Who is the funniest man in the history of the
movies?
Can you smell it?
Oh, 991.
We got it licked.
Told you.
Boy, I feel like I worked really hard.
Tell Elijah Bell when he go to lunch.
I wore Neil work for his mind today.
It's pretty unusual, but he really he worked his fat ass off
today, if the old college tried.
Oh yeah.
The funniest man in history, movies now works 125 Peter
Sellers 100.
The only two in triple digits.
Rodney Dangerfield 75, Roger March 73, Richard Prior 60, Jim
Kerry 52, John Cleese 44, John Candy 44.
John Belushi 38, Bill Murray 31, Mohaward 31, David Woody
Allen 29, Chevy Chase 24, WC Fields 21, currently Howard 20,
Laurel and Hardy 20, Steve Martin 20, Dave Chappelle 18, Leslie
Nielsen 18, he's great.
Gene Wilder 18, Evan Castello 17, Charlie Chaplin 16, Jerry Lewis
14, Mike Myers 13, Robert Williams 9, Albert Brooks 6, 9,
Nambi both 6, J.N. Sonnet 5, 6, Eddie Murphy 5, Eric Idol 5,
Harold Lloyd 5, all the old parts are coming out of the closet.
Bob Hope 5, Rowan Atkinson, Mr. Bean 4, Festa Keaton 4,
Bert LR 3, 2 for Roberto Bannini, Marty Feldman 2, Andy Kaufman 2,
one for Michael Pell and Terragiliman Graham 7, and none for Carl Winer
or Portteri Jones, 991 were right on the verge you can smell it.
This is Neil Rogers, what's all this is 5.16 QA dance.
Neil God,
2011 baby we made it, I made the idea of cooking your soul right?
Crawl was cooked, the fence.
Don't go breaking my heart, I couldn't have fied tried.
So my legs get married, even though we're two guys.
Don't go breaking my heart, helping you was the best.
But we're dreaming I wear a tuxedo, who had always a dress.
Woo, woo, woo, everyone knows it.
Welcome.
Nothing is gay as our wedding day.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Now we can show it, now we can show it.
Mary please, I'm down on my knees.
Woo, woo, woo, I'm down on my knees.
You're fairies.
Don't go breaking my heart, I won't go breaking your heart.
Don't go breaking my heart, I won't go breaking your heart.
Bye bye bye.
