The music stress on the previous programs are those of the most dangerous dead.
And do not reflect those of the busy blackhead.
I'm referring to the advertisers for agencies.
Yes, well, George.
The biggest names.
Then, Frank, all of them.
This is 43560 WQAAM Miami Ford Flarting.
Oi!
By the youth fast food.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Whitefoot.
Really, you bet.
And now, Gordon Whitefoot takes his best known song, The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald,
and gift wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album,
Gordon Whitefoot Sinks Christmas.
You better watch out and you better not cry.
You better not talk about our new life.
Yes, Gordon Whitefoot is coming to town with a sleilot of songs like this.
The first day of Christmas might you know give me a heart and a dream of a dream.
It's Gordon Whitefoot Sinks Christmas, and you'll want to beat him like a drum
when you hear his rendition of the Little Drummer Boy.
Who come late to leave her alone, both bow, play new boy and king to see her alone, both bow, both bow.
Gordon Whitefoot has compiled the holiday music collection.
And you'll wish would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior.
Dead for a holly with thousand holly,
by the la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Whitefoot Sinks Christmas.
Can't wait 1002 at 560 W.C.
I'm happy Friday. It's already December 8th.
Wow.
Former UN Ambassador Jean Kirkpatrick died at 80.
Remember her under a Reagan?
She was the Ambassador of the UN, of course not.
Who pays any attention unless it's John Bolton who's really revolving?
Don't pay too much attention to UN Ambassador's.
But nevertheless.
Former Dolphin, Andre Franklin dies at 47.
I remember Andre Franklin, but even Josh remember Andre Franklin, not?
Never heard of him.
Well, you better get with your Dolphin trivia, mister, because this is a franchise that lives in the past.
Just like the Toronto Make Believes who lost a Gamelast, that Jesus, God, that they suck.
That they suck, not their pathetic.
And the appendix beat Buffalo last night. Can you anybody believe that?
Wow.
To the Narrow for the Pantheeros.
Any interest in the Aflota Panther Organization?
No.
Former Dolphin, full back, Andre Franklin died yesterday and Link are Wednesday.
Excuse me.
And Link in the branch of natural causes he was 47.
Doesn't sound a little bit strange to you, but nevertheless.
Franklin's body was found by police at his Lincoln apartment.
He had heart problems and other health issues in recent years and friends that he suffered from congestive heart failure.
See, there's this myth that exists about jocks.
You know, about guys that like work out a lot and aren't great physical shape, etc. and so on.
And they come to find out a lot of them are like, you know, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying that just because you're like a big jock doesn't mean you're going to lose to 100.
That's right.
Franklin played football at Nebraska from 77 to 80, rushing for 1738 yards and 10 toughs down.
He was drafted in the second round by the Dolphins, the Dolphins, and played four years in the NFL.
Started starting in a Super Bowl and appearing on a cover of sports illustrated.
But his career was cut short by an age where he was done playing by the time he turned 26.
Wow.
He was divorced living in Lincoln where he lived for most of the past 20 years.
His son, AJ, played football this season at Emporia State.
And his daughter, Michellea, is that what you said?
I don't know.
Is an assistant volleyball coach in Northern Illinois?
How do I would you know how you said it?
Franklin recently was approved by the NFL for disability.
He was preparing to move to Alabama to be closer to his family, but ain't going to happen because he's days.
I'm the Franklin at 47.
David Woodley's dead too, isn't he?
David Woodley.
David Woodley.
He's dead.
I think.
Oh, it's 790.
Not on your radio dial, but on our pool.
I didn't read the results he yesterday is when I'm getting way ahead of myself.
Here's the final result of the tabulation yesterday's poll.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
1593 votes.
No, 602.
No.
It's just amazing to me the poll we have today.
About the show yesterday.
42.7% didn't hear the poll, which makes you wonder who are the people that voted me stupid as polls.
You know what I'm saying?
If you don't listen to the show, then why are you voting on the poll?
Although it could be.
See, this is that time of the year as you well know.
And there are a lot of people out there whose days are the busy shopping and running around.
I get all kinds of crap going on here.
So they don't have time to be, listen to the show, but they do have time later on in the day or whenever to hop online and throw their 1 cent.
Right.
Have you ever met anybody on the internet?
No, 602.
Don't chat with anybody online, 491.
Yes, it turned out well, 266.
Can I change my vote?
No, I didn't meet Jacob on the internet.
Right.
Yes, good and bad results, 105.
Yes, it was a lot of time I didn't meet those other people.
My classmates on the internet either, but I met up with them after many, many, many years.
It was a good time.
I had a good dinner.
Yes, the disaster is 79.
I hate this poll 34.
That's only 2.1% not bad.
I hate the internet 16.
One percent of the votes from yesterday.
I hate the internet.
They're on it.
They're voting on it.
They're dealing with it and they're looking around.
You know, but they hate it.
Right.
It's like somebody would say, I hate sex.
I'm doing it, but I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate ice cream, but I'm eating it right now.
I'd like that.
Although yesterday after that very, very gut-wrenching show, I must confess that I got my appetite back.
That's the bad news.
Great.
The good news was that I got my brain on scramble.
I got everything back in order again.
I got back in the good graces of my close personal friend again, which is great.
But nevertheless, I still I ate.
Not like tons, but I did eat some ice cream.
Oh, don't say that.
Because then George gets all over your ass when you say that.
Oh, whatever.
Now, whatever.
I had a pint of Hagen-Dazdulsé de Lachbag.
And it was really pretty weak.
I don't even like that flavor, but they didn't have any banana nut.
Anyway, here's a, before we get into today's poll, which is about yesterday's show,
which I thought was definitely one of the best ever.
Although Josh hasn't said much about yesterday's show.
He enjoyed it because he enjoyed my pain and...
Uh, whatever you say, buddy.
I voted here.
And I never, well, I mean, there's no point in having that vote about who,
there really was no battle going on.
I was just like, you know, who was winning the contest to get these sympathy of the audience.
But there's no need to be doing that.
I'm glad we didn't do it.
Good.
Me too.
Because now everything is like patched up and hunky-dory.
And let's keep it that way.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, right.
You know this guy, Joe.
I'm really glad he sent this.
He must be a really good guy.
He is a good guy.
And there were some nice, sort of works of things on our MySpace page.
I'm really nice and, uh, GenTil, Gentile messages on there, which I appreciate.
Uh, Joe sends us this, uh, while he sent an email to George.
And then George faxed it to me.
It says, small world.
Jacob was my next door neighbor.
I voted gutsy.
He always had an aura about him as a kind of tough guy.
And this was him an available situation and totally human.
I like Jacob.
We've earned many joints together.
And I do see him from time to time still.
Shouldn't have read that on here.
Should I?
Oh, damn.
Yeah, that's bad.
We've earned many joints together.
What a surprise.
I'm going to tell him he was an idiot and should be in the Old Man's wheel right now.
I think this brought Neil closer to his audience.
He's probably embarrassed about the whole situation.
No.
But to those of us who will always admire him, this was a side of him that's never been witnessed
and one that brings him down to our level.
I think I like the Old Man a little more now.
Enough said, peace, Joe.
Thank you, Joe.
That was very, very nice.
And that's sweet.
Yes, it is.
Very nice.
Good guy.
From Joe who has smoked a big fat one with some guy named Jacob, not necessarily my good friend, Jacob, who wouldn't be doing them like that.
I would.
Whatever.
Uh, Neil's Thursday show was we have 803 votes that are pulled today and for the weekend.
And of course over the weekend they're going to be saying, well, Thursday, who remembers that?
You know, this is the problem when you put it up the night before.
But then again, you get like 2000 votes by Monday.
You say, wow, we must have a lot of people listen.
Josh is going to be on vacation next week.
Do we have any idea who's going to be sitting in there and discuss that with him?
Yes, we do.
Um, Monday and Tuesday will be Miguel.
Yeah.
And then Wednesday through Friday will be Chris Whalen.
Why?
Chris is Chris is why he's Whalen.
He's whalened.
He's whalened.
He's whalened.
I don't know how much I have to for Whalen wall right now and then later on he's going to hang out with me.
I don't play him.
When you work for the beastlies, you do a lot of whaling and bawling and just crying like a child.
818 votes.
Neil's Thursday show was didn't hear it is leading far and away.
349.
42.6%.
I don't, I don't get that.
Yeah, that's what I was.
Well, there's a hell of a show you should have heard it.
It was all spun.
See, that was real.
There's all this crap about reality TV.
There's no such thing.
It's all contrived and rehearsed and BS.
This was reality radio yesterday.
Don't expect a repeat any time soon.
Didn't hear it 349.
It was gutsy.
115.
That's what your buddy Joe said.
115.
Gutsy.
One of the best ever 94.
That's what I voted.
I thought it was a magnificent show.
And it's just a way of panting myself on the back and the ass and saying, boy, you had some real balls yesterday.
To admit to being such a schmuck.
One of the best ever 94 was OK.
81.
Not great, not really, but OK.
You know, kind of a lukewarm, a real backhanded slap on the ass.
Fascinating 78.
Ponderous 35.
Crap.
About 30 men.
So many people say yesterday the show was crap.
So if you think Ponderous and Crap, that's like 8%.
Too bad.
Spectacular 19.
And I hate this poll.
Only 17.
2%.
Out of 8.18.
How do you like that?
I like that.
A red.
So that's the off-shooth from yesterday.
I'm like a, um, back to being whatever I am.
What are you?
Well, this, yes, email.
Yeah.
Right.
An emotional old queen.
Whatever you want to call him.
And I know that there are a lot of people out there saying, oh, boy, what a stupid old, a desperate, you know.
Whatever.
Think whatever you want.
OK.
Just, just leave it out there for you.
And you can do whatever you want.
You can stick it wherever it makes you feel good.
Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean called for another election during the race to replace Catherine Harris.
Saying the declared Republican winner should not be sworn into election questions are sorted out.
When it's sorted out, that's how he deans says.
Always like that, how he, you know.
Oh, where I was told holding farewell meeting with Pentagon workers.
There he is.
He's saying goodbye.
Bye, bye.
Hermann Gehring.
You idiot.
You cannot see someone if you don't have an election that's valid.
The insinuitate the abuse gates over a Sunday on a Tampa area news channel.
The same Pete Times reported the comments in the statistics yesterday.
Democrat Christine Jennings is contesting your loss to Republican Vern Buchanan has sued for a new election on Thursday.
Jennings said she'll ask the US House to take the extreme measure of conducting its own investigation in the election.
That seems to be proper for the course in Florida.
Lots of elections, lots of investigations.
State official certified Buchanan is the winner by just 169 votes.
But Jennings claims that touchscreen voting machines in the service of the county malfunctioned in district 13 race and possibly cost her the freaking election.
More than 18,000, what do you already know of this?
But more than 18,000 service of the county voters who marked other races didn't have a vote registered in the House race.
Which of course nobody believes that's possible.
Nobody believes it's kosher.
Even though there was like a little circle you next to it.
Well, somebody just facts this in from Fort Walton Beach.
Paula Barstow singing Santa stop singing after holiday vandals pulled out his power cord and ran over his head.
Baby Jesus was literally cut out of a Shalimar Presbyterian Church's wooden activity display.
I hear all the time that Jesus has been taken out of everything and now he's been taken out of his manger.
Church Elder Linda Sheely told the Northwest Florida Daily News.
Jesus and the singing Santa were pern victims of a holiday crime spree. Oh no.
Barstow said Santa was in his usual spot on a driveway Tuesday.
Actually, when's they found him a mowed down?
Oh, let's go mow down Jesus.
Or Santa?
Or Bob?
Absolutely.
They had to come all the way in and just run over him back for and back in force at Barstow.
Who cried as she described the damage.
Santa was an e-dooled guy.
She said he also waved and shouted,
Merry Christmas!
Sheely discovered the missing baby Jesus on Tuesday.
Her husband, George, helped the Centreline in the activity scene.
People should be taught not to steal anything but don't take the baby Jesus for crying out loud.
He said, don't take the baby Jesus for Christ's sake.
I mean, just like that.
836 votes on the poll and 42.3% of the audience didn't hear yesterday's show.
Can you explain that to me?
During the break, think about that and make up an explanation.
The biggest name of best talents to the basis for your Rogers.
That's what Friday you besteds.
I'm Greg the Daughter.
Whoa!
Don't blame much better than the ladies for diamonds.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
We spend like a cat, we got a ball.
I think if a game where the stamp man thought the amatter didn't get scared by you, where we are.
So all we got is one bit of time.
We pray to Allah and start playing.
Listen to the G-H-F-A-T-W-J.
The rock and the sound of the pound of the band.
Stanley Cavaljani's that don't think about our music.
They only think that's the only thing that's the only thing.
Don't care when the women are at this, when the abstaining and to grab.
When he's walked down and looked between his knees.
They watched that thing.
I say that.
Go ahead.
We have to do the G-H-F-A-T-W-A-T-W-R.
Oh no, lights no more to the cars.
Not a single girl to me.
Whoa!
There's a piece!
Where they're going?
The pound of the pound.
Not that!
The radio!
Yes.
Hey Neil!
Hey this is Rosco, how you doing buddy?
Okay Rosco.
How's your take up?
Come with me.
Yes.
What does that mean?
How is it?
How does it mean?
It's tricky.
I don't know, go check it out.
Maybe he'll stick it in your face in the fart.
See what I mean?
Was there ever any doubt?
No.
By the way, thank you Rosy.
She noticed that you had done something wrong with the cutting and pasting and I just fixed it.
Followed her instructions and it should work now.
What do you mean thank you Rosy?
This is somebody at some website somewhere that you think is listening?
Rosy is one of our listeners and my space friends.
You noticed that you did something wrong and...
How was she noticed that?
How could she see what I'm doing?
Because remember when you pasted something into your head?
How I pasted it wrong.
Rosy, like I said, your sweetheart.
Yes she is.
Yeah.
WKYM, hello.
QAN.
Hey are you guys streaming on the net?
Are we what?
Are we streaming?
Yes we are.
We're streaming all over the place.
Okay I just can't get you.
Thank you.
Keep working on it.
Alright.
And the net too.
Okay.
Got some very amazing news here for you from O'Cala of all places.
Boy I thought only Hoss is a little bit of no-cala.
Wesley Snifed the Hollywood action star was taken into custody this morning.
You hear about this?
No.
And will appear before our federal judge to answer charges of tax fraud and conspiracy later today.
Oh my God.
We're going to sign that your black son glasses are black two-piece suit and a blue shirt.
Snifed walked through a back entrance to the courthouse at 930 this morning and scored it by federal
agents in a prosecutor.
Let's say an hour ago.
Why are we at top of crap or what?
We are really on top of crap.
Court officials confirmed Snifed will have an initial appearance in a arrangement in front
of the magistrate Gary Jones at 1030 this morning.
Just a minute from now.
Snifed surrendered to authorities and nearly two months of negotiations between the U.S.
attorney's office in Tampa and his attorneys.
Snifed and Evans high school graduate and former Iowa resident where the hell that is.
You know where that is Josh?
No that's not by you.
Okay.
So the hell is way far.
It was indicted in October before a federal grand jury in Jacksonville.
He's got the source.
Wesley Snifed.
Small potatoes in my life.
You know what I'm saying?
Who the hell needs him?
853 votes on the poll.
Now did you come up with some lame answer for my question about 42.4% of the people who voted
and who pulled in here the show yesterday and therefore have no opinion?
Well that's what I voted.
Well I'm just kidding.
No seriously.
And then that's not an answer.
Okay.
And we all believe it's a George to be a wise guy.
That's right.
Wise cracker.
And as far as I was thinking and I don't want to dwell on this anymore because I don't want
to give my buddy any more publicity than he already got.
But you know this business is he Joe says he's an idiot.
Should be new man's will right now.
See most people would have jumped at that opportunity if they were like money grabbers.
Right.
In fact somebody on the Myspace sent me a very cute message yesterday.
It said at least you know he's not a money grabber just a dumbass.
Which is a very which I don't agree with that last part because that would be a bad thing
to say.
Now it's just not everybody is willing to jump on the bad way and try to grab your money
sonny.
Honey, it's right.
It's admirable.
It's a good see it's a son of a really good person.
I hope I think.
I don't know.
We'll find out.
Canada's parliament I watched the vote on TV.
It was an emotional thing for this old queen.
Canada's parliament voted yesterday not to be open to game marriage debate.
A vote to rule in conservative party and promise it would hold during the last election campaign.
A Stephen Harper who wants to be George Bush Jr.
Our Prime Minister and God only knows how he ever liked it.
He got elected because of the red necks all you know in Calgary and all these other places.
Moose jaw, medicine hat, cam loops.
Those are the people who voted for Stephen Harper.
Game marriage became legal in Canada last year to the previous liberal government when parliament passed Bill C38
in response to a series of court rulings that gave gay people the right to marry.
Canada is one of only five countries in the world to legalize same sex marriage.
During the last election campaign conservative leader and current prime minister Stephen Harper,
the anxious one, promised to hold a free vote in the House of Commons and whether parliament should reconsider the issue.
Harper's government withdraws most of its support from the conservative West.
Like I said, medicine hat, moose jaw, is seeking to appease its conservative face
even though Christian activists acknowledged this week the law would stand.
New liberal leaders step on beyond allowed liberals to vote freely on the motion.
Something former liberal leader Paul Martin didn't allow for when it was passed in 2005.
The motion reopened to Bill with debated the House of Commons to late Wednesday.
They voted yesterday and was 175 to 123 not to reopen the vote, three of whatever.
So the law stands. How do you like that?
All these homophobic.
The Christians see the same thing. It's the same crap only to one much lesser extent.
Thank God. The sun is shining here by the way.
It is colder than a witch's hang nail. It is just brutal.
No snow though. Cold as hell.
I thought I'm complaining you understand. You do realize how tickled pink I am to be here.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Because it means I'm not there.
WQAM, hello.
Okay, and that's one of our really good calls.
We'll get a whole bunch of those on today. Make no mistake.
Here's our agenda today. We got mad dog at who does hard rock at two.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog together.
Four to five.
Humber solo five to seven.
Then the opening tip with Bimbo calls seven away, which is really embarrassing.
Eight to nine. It's Craig Mish, a little Mish Mosh on our schedule.
And then nine o'clock. It's Friday night lights high school football report.
Wow. And then 10 o'clock at 8 o'clock.
Friday night lights high school football report.
And then tomorrow at 10 in the morning or 10 a night we got jockstrap with Tom Alexander.
Well, seriously, I know about this before. What is that?
I mean, I know what a jockstrap is.
You know, I've sniffed a few of them. Well, what is that?
I didn't tell you.
He saw Brady Quinn last night on TV.
Oh, you know what else is happening tomorrow? Josh?
What's that?
Isn't tomorrow the Heisman vote? That would be correct.
Well, who do you think is going to win it?
I know. I know who won it.
I don't want Brady to feel bad, but he's off my wallpaper again.
That didn't take long.
You know, on my desktop, he's gone.
He's probably depressed. He's off your wallpaper.
Well, he's not going to change his life.
Who needs Heisman Trophy when you could be on a wallpaper on Neoraraj's desktop on his
wallpaper?
Well, too bad Brady. You're out.
He's a distant second in my book.
As many as 84 people in seven states have been confirmed as having the strain,
a deep corner I'd like to be involved in an outbreak that may be linked to Taco Bell restaurant
official today.
And that's really sad because I love my Taco Bell.
I love Taco Bell.
I have nothing to eat there very often.
And I've got one very close by me.
But I just don't know.
Out of sight out of mind.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
South Carolina and Utah are the latest states to report outbreaks of the illness.
State and federal agencies are still trying to pin down the source.
But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the vast majority of the
before-to-cases have eaten at Taco Bell restaurants prior to their illness.
Dr. Greg Grayden of the CDC told CNN that his agency in state health department
has seen any other sources of the illness.
And our zero-winging in on Taco Bell and its suppliers of green onions.
Now, excuse me for my ignorance.
And there are a lot of things that I don't know.
But the good part of it is George Knowes' Amal.
Or at least he makes them up.
That's right.
I thought that those are like scallions.
What's the difference between green onions and scallions?
I do believe they're the same thing.
But no, seriously.
I don't think they're going to say that.
I don't think they're going to say that.
Google scallions.
I'm not the same thing.
Then why did they call them green onions?
Because there's some people call them one thing.
Yes, I was wrong.
I should be wrong.
There is no song called scallions or even red-hearted scallions.
Well, maybe they will be now.
We have some leads that say it might be green onions.
That's based upon some preliminary testing.
It's been done in them.
And you know what else were they used a lot of scallions?
It's in Chinese restaurants.
Sure.
And especially I can shoot them in one in want and soup.
And hot and sour and the winner.
Everything.
It is the same as green onions.
No.
Well, see, I pull them away.
Yeah, for once in my life I got a right.
And that's based upon some preliminary testing.
It's been done in a number of labs right now.
But the testimony has been confirmed.
So we're keeping the options open.
It's in the investigations that we're doing.
We're covering a wide range of foods.
All of them served at Taco Bell specifically, Braden said.
Jean Perpacric is dead.
I'm refraggling his dead.
And I'm still alive.
Honey like that.
I'm still kicking.
After that emotional traumatic outpouring yesterday,
it was a wonderful thing.
A great catharsis.
The only problem was I got my appetite back and I feel great.
Niels Thursday show was didn't hear it 3659.
42.4% out of 869 votes.
Wow.
What were these people doing?
Where were they?
See the idea is, you know, it's nice that you're on our website
holding on a poll.
We'd like to have a listen to the show.
At least the little bits and pieces.
A little something, something, you know.
Maybe those were the out of towners.
Gutsy 122.
Well that's your buddy Joe voted for Gutsy.
Because he knows Joe and Jay Company's smoking a big fat one with him right now.
It was one of the best ever 98.
I would agree with that.
Don't expect to repeat any time soon though.
I hope.
It was okay 87.
Fascinating 84.
Ponderous 39.
It was crap 33.
Spectacular 20.
Spectacular.
Those were the people who actually touching their kneecaps or at least aiming for something else
during the show they were so excited.
And I hate this poll only 17.
A mere 1.9%.
For 8 minutes.
Sorry I got a spot.
Sorry I got a little while ago ahead of myself.
You know how it is on Friday?
Is it 145?
That's kind of cool.
Oh please.
Let's pretend.
Wow it's getting really close to 145.
1027 is what it is.
Friday you were stink.
It's a tough one.
It's a bitch.
When they end up on your list.
There you're boss the one you hated obligated to go by that jerk of kill.
And behind your back you've called them a whole.
It's a tough one.
It's a bitch.
Cause a sale of kill will do.
All year they've made life tough for you all year they have been nothing but an bitch.
And when they close your office door.
You'll deliver them the bird.
It's a bastard.
It's the pits.
But your boss is on your list.
If they don't like what your bottoms drop your pants and tell them they can come and kiss.
Give them the choice of buying a gift for my boss or stiggling my head to the floor.
All takes stable in my head to the floor any time.
Wow.
So anyway that thing works.
That's the second one that we were working on before the show today online.
That thing works.
Well it's fixed.
Thank you Rosie.
Thanks Rosie for getting my thing fixed.
This is a shock to me.
This fact you just sent along.
I've known from Matt in a long time.
And we were talking about my buddy Matt Korshaw.
Right.
It's a good week.
Been a great week.
Get back to get the fact I'm having lunch with my close personal friend Jacob.
I'm down there soon.
And then my buddy Matt from the family bank formally years ago.
Sorry for the facts.
I'd rather caught you but I'm running around town all day.
That's okay Matt.
Normal people call talk shows.
I just wanted to thank you for the kind words and the plug yes they have always have.
I'm always here to take care of you.
Well more specifically.
More specifically your banking needs.
I think Matt has started telling me about it off you old queen.
I think he's got a good line.
Call me anytime when you get tired of your bank.
And he's got his he's with another bank now a community bank of Howard.
Well thank you Matt.
I'm going to put that over here my pile of things to consider and look at and it's said
or so.
He's a good guy.
Always took good care of me at family bank and took care of all kinds of good stuff.
My banking needs it is.
Right.
Well you know how it is there all these see that's another reason why I was so I don't want to say
gusty because that sounds so self indulgent.
But it was on my part to tell the whole story not only because I made a fool out of myself
for like going overboard see one thing about me and you know this.
I'm just not one of those people that's easy.
In other words I'm not like you you're a social butterfly.
Everybody in the station judges especially if I have a scurred on you know he's like all over them like Stink on Joyce.
You're like sociable.
I'm not a sociable person and I don't make any apologies for that.
You are whatever you are.
I don't apologize for that.
Not because I'm a bad person.
I'm just not interested in being everybody's best buddy or coming in schmoozing with everybody.
As you well know right.
But if I do find some kind of a connection with somebody else I just go overboard.
Because there aren't that many people in my lifetime I've been that crazy about.
And this isn't to do with sex because like I said the other day with my you know I'm doing just fine okay.
I don't need to know your name I don't need to know your shoe size I don't need to know anything else just if you look good to me and you ready to do something and hey let's do it.
And I have a great life and maybe if it was really good we'll do it again you know like that.
That is just fine.
And that's what of course when you're under the closet bag all these years you realize another big anniversary coming up in 9 days December 17th.
And you'll be on vacation then you won't be here to celebrate.
December 17th 1976 that's the day on WKAT I came out of the closet.
I've actually said the winner remembers it well.
He got on the phone because I gave him a thing I wanted to read I went in the sea in the morning before I went on the year.
I said I'm going to read this on the year today and he looked at it and he said well you know it's up to you.
There should be a holiday.
And Neil Rogers coming out there December 17th.
Well I always think we could call it day day but right it's going to be day day day.
But at any rate and so he kept the owner of the station I've folded this story before you call it Katsentime who's not dead.
He kept around the phone all day so she wouldn't show up nice going said.
Because he was afraid of what her reaction might be but it turned out okay I guess it wasn't such a bad mistake after all.
The only thing with that is when you go on the year and you tell something like that yesterday right away the homophobes out there which is the majority of people.
Even people who like to show like me whatever they're still like oh gee what out of control bag you know.
Whatever you want to think that's fine with me it doesn't make a difference to me.
902 votes on the pool and 42.4% still didn't hear the show yesterday well I'm going to tell you I don't want you to feel bad but you must have really interesting show fascinating a gut wrenching amazing four hours especially the last three hours.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
Wow you can tell the holiday season huh sure that was better than usual by far WQA and hello.
Tommy Brady why he's an ex-Gatriage you moron.
Wow Alice Jones was joined this is on from prison plan if they paranoid wild people but nevertheless they got some good stuff.
Join on the year this week by investigative reporter Ed Haas to discuss an important story he's broken concerning direct evidence of Israeli prior knowledge of impossible complicity in the 9-11 attacks of 2001.
Haas details his ex-Gatriage how in October 2000 approximately 11 months prior to 9-11 a former Israeli defense force member and veteran of the Yom Kippur War over heard a conversation that the Gomao Chesa cemeteria Newark New Jersey concerning the attacks and spoken in Hebrew between three men.
The Gomao Chesa cemeteria.
The Americans will learn what it is to live with terrorists after the planes hit the twins in September Haas this contact city heard one of the men say after 11 months of desperately attempting to alert the authorities being systematically ignored all along the line the contact watched in horror as the attacks unfolded exactly as he'd overheard.
Haas revealed on the air they've been asked by a reader to contact the source who has asked to remain anonymous for fear of his own life as he had in depth information about parinology detects and nobody would listen to him.
Haas stated, I've purchased individuals if his story was BS you know that's a kind of how I had to approach it is this guy might be in that case let's follow through and see if history starts to have any merit and it did.
He said I reached the point where I felt as though this guy has some information based on his documentation and it smells more like a cover up to me.
The source also told Haas that one of the many overheard expressed concerns regarding whether the upcoming presidential election of November 2000 between Bush Chaining and Gore Libramen could impact the plans.
Another man he believed to be of the most senior the three replied don't worry we have people in high places no matter who gets elected they will take care of everything.
The source also reported to Haas that he overheard one of the three men say the Arabs are so stupid they don't even imagine that we are using them.
Could this be a reference to the land of the high jackers question mark it certainly fits other evidence that they are their doubled sliced namesakes depending on which line you take were immediately known to you as intelligence and were being used as patseys like Lee Harvey Oswald you know I'm a patty member then.
I'm a patty client on the patty.
Haas has received copies of letters that is contacted received from the FBI after emailing calling them that he had important information to share.
First letter advised the source to contact the new work FBI division which he did several times got no response upon writing the FBI second time a further response informed the source the FBI would not be able to do anything on his behalf.
On the same day the second letter was received three months prior to 9.2 agents from the Newark Division visited the source without a guarantee of protection he was unwilling to tell them everything he knew.
However he did tell the agents there would be an attack in your city airplanes would be used. Haas suggested it is telling that the source was asking for protection fearing that he had insider information on some form of Israeli intelligence operation and the FBI was advising him to contact his local cop.
The source told Haas the Newark agent seemed to rather annoyed that the high echelons of the FBI were outright rejecting to receive information of the protection.
We have previously highlighted how many of the divisional branches of the FBI were hinted or prevented from investigating red flags or warnings before the 9.1.1 attacks.
We have also specifically highlighted the Israeli 4 warnings prior knowledge and possible involvement in 9.1.1.
We have gone over these issues so many times in the past that we now get accused by newer readers and critics of ignoring them and some are protecting Israeli intelligence.
In truth we are talking about this stuff hours after the attacks took place and for years in the aftermath this says on prison planet.
The sources of stories suggest that he himself believes that the real perpetrators of 9.1 may have been a conglomeration of intelligence agencies involving the Mossad.
He believes there may be even a direct connection to the story of the Israeli spiring and the fire is really a tourist arrested 9.1.1 after they were seen in position on nearby rooftops before the planes hit and celebrating afterward.
Even Senator Bobby Graham on the Intelligence Committee after 9.1 stated there is evidence that suggests the attacks were funded in part at least by a sovereign government.
This information has been classified. We also know that at the end of the Pakistani intelligence the ISI wired $100,000 to the lead hijacker right before the event.
The anxious ISI which of course is in bed with the CIA.
The possibility of the CIA was that I decided that I would start trying to confirm this story once I confirmed the FBI agents existed.
I mean some of this story if you think about somebody making up a story I didn't know if I am FBI agents. It's not like when you go to your local police for a website and have pictures of all the police.
You know I didn't know that the agency is something you have to go to great lengths to fabricate.
It goes on a little bit more. It's got all the documents here. It will be on our website tomorrow as I am prison planet today.
InferWords.net.
Of course I know we are all paranoid and we are all suspicious and cynical and idiotic.
Who would ever believe the government or any government would be the Democrat.
Never do anything like that.
918 votes on a poll will have that thousand look at the split.
And 42.3% of the voters under didn't hear the show.
Maybe the people online don't even listen to the show. They just vote on the poll.
That's possible. They read the story. They vote on the poll and then they never heard the show in their life.
Make sure gasms I fake four-plac.
This ex-ness. You don't want to offend anybody on your holiday gift list.
I give them the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record.
Who could possibly take issue with songs like these.
We need a lot of money. We can understand that.
Yes, we've taken the you know who out of Christmas.
Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today.
10.48. That's the way we look at it here on the show.
Merry Christmas. Happy Christmas. Happy Coins. Happy for all you Jews and Goiim and Raghees and whatever else.
What do you do on Coins?
Sorry, I was getting my food.
You're asking me. You're getting this food. There's the important part of the show.
Guys are getting their food now. I said what do you do on Coins?
I don't even know what that is to be honest with you.
It's a control. I don't want to say something racially charged now.
Okay, we don't want to do that. Go right into the holidays.
It's based on the African harvest festival, but really it's a made up bunch of crap.
So I don't know what you do.
Oh, made up bunch of crappy mean like Christmas and the holidays.
There are several days and they have hard to pronounce names.
And each day you're supposed to reflect upon the meaning of that day.
The word of the day or something?
Oh, word. Word.
Is that what they said during Coins and the word?
Oh, I guess it was on biography last night speaking of perverts, Caligula.
Oh yeah, fun.
He sure had me beat.
Well, he was a pit.
Yeah, here's one that says, um, and it's chopped off.
But it says if I can make it suggested for the full how about gay?
There was that there wasn't a gay show. Okay, I mean see again,
I'm sure that a lot of people in New Orleans took it that way.
It wasn't gay. It had nothing to do with like sex.
See, that's the problem. I think it right now.
You are?
Hey, I'm going to be insulted by that.
I could cheer less.
It was funny.
It was faggy, whatever.
Yeah, I'm not too a lot of people I'm sure it was.
Oh, this is some real fact stuff. Okay, whatever you want to think,
whatever makes you happy.
Sam, on the other hand, fact is and says regarding the show yesterday,
I think Jacob is a real good guy. Yes, he is.
Sam.
It sounds like he's a good person and a friend,
but I can also relate to a standoffish response.
It is possible that he would have felt obligated to take the friendship
to a different level of comfort and expectation.
Oh, what could Sam possibly be talking about?
You're dreaming.
Yes, Sam.
Wow.
I have a friend with Big Bucks too, and I could never work for him or accept any
huge gift because I don't want to feel obligated to him for anything other than
true friendship.
I'm sure you were just being sweet and generous.
Yes, I was, Sam, but this episode will probably make your friendship even nicer.
Doesn't that sound sweet the way he wrote that?
It'll make your friendship even nicer, closer and whatever.
Thanks for all the free grade entertainment over the years, best value ever.
That's right. The price is right. We don't charge you for our website.
We don't charge you to listen to the show.
Only 42.3% of the audience, so I didn't hear the show yesterday.
It really, and that's a real fly-offer to me.
I don't get it.
And thanks to how many four meals they delivered to us today.
Well, I beg your pardon.
Oh, thanks to how many for the 85 meals they delivered of which to Josh's have
in 75 of them right now.
You're going to blow up like a balloon.
No way.
And next week you're on vacation.
Now, are you going somewhere next week or what?
Yeah, I'm going to Tahoe, Sam. I'm going to get my ski on.
Are you going there to ski enough to gamble?
I'm going to do a little bit of gambling this time.
You're not going to play on slots now, are you?
Now, the first time in my life, I won't pull the machine.
You're going to pull it when I pull the lever.
I guarantee if you pull it, it won't be the first time in your life.
And another thing about your close friend, Jacob, is that he's also not a slots guy.
See, younger guys, great.
But I said, oh.
Oh, man, seriously, you are the worst hard ass I have ever known in my life.
I have known many hard asses who are just impossible,
intractable, like trying to put your tongue through a bowling ball.
Have you tried that?
Yeah, in the holes. Yeah, worse like a charm.
I will give you the scene at the slot machines in Tahoe.
I'll tell you who's playing the scene with the machines.
Well, you've been to Vegas many times.
And Georgia's been there, actually.
Believe it or not.
Yes.
Now, when you go into a casino course, there's a zillion slot machines in a real good casino.
Right.
I mean, baloney, you don't even have to ask.
That's what I, you know, I don't stop and look, but just, you know, pass and buy maybe...
Sometimes I stop and look, but that's not what I'm looking at.
But any broads, as I'm passing by, I just see the ladies, you know,
what could make sense?
Well, yes, because you don't notice the guys, because you're, you know,
headrophobic.
Whatever the hell that means, like Stan made you use to serve all you people.
Headrophobic's out there.
No, you're just looking for the chicks is what you're looking for.
There are just, I don't know, I mean, like maybe in the middle of the afternoon,
when most guys are working for a living and the women are like losing their money.
But it would, but I would say, and that's where I go all the time now, at least twice a week.
I would say that it's like 50-50.
Any time you go in there, it's pretty good.
I'll let you know, man, I'll scope it out.
Well, but I'm just telling you, you'll let me know what Tahoe is all about.
I've never been to the, I've been to Reno.
Actually, I've won Lummian Renoes as a miracle.
See, for me, playing Blackjack, playing the car, this is so boring, man.
I'm like the action, you know what I'm saying? I like action.
See, I've got a lot of whistles.
Action would, not that playing cards like rivets me, but I would rather sit down and play Blackjack than just, you know, sit there.
And of course, Crap's, I'm too stupid to even understand that.
Yeah, I know this always.
In the TV aspect.
In addition to which Crap's is a sociable thing, because everybody's in on together.
I'm saying, oh yeah, who wants to talk to people?
And I don't want to be bothered with these strangers, with these goofballs, with these allowed obnoxious bastards.
I said, you know, I sit at my machine and I want to be just left alone and, you know, like that woman said to me, Wednesday.
Oh, why couldn't that be my machine when I hit the A2 Grand on the line?
Too bad, honey, you bitch, you loser.
I'm so glad.
And then after that, within just a few minutes, I got a spin for 400 and 200 more online.
She's like, oh my god, yeah, screw you, honey.
I'm winning like crazy today, you know, which doesn't happen often, but, you know, once in a while, you get a good machine, my.
So you're going to go to Tahoe to ski, break a leg.
And then to the slots.
Well, that's good. You must be loaded with cash these days.
They've taken your Russian girlfriend on the strip. Yes, I am.
Well, there you go. That's a good idea. It sounds like a really swell week's vacation. That's good.
Good move.
951 votes on the poll. By 11 o'clock, we're going to be very close to 1,000 already.
And 42.2% say they didn't hear the show yesterday.
Well, it's a very busy time of the year. Is that a goose use or what?
Oh, I don't think so.
I got an article here, a column by Nick Patche-One, on a smoking chimp.
That is one of the, it's just fabulous for our crowd, for me, for you, for our crowd.
For all of us, heathen bastards. Oh, God, where are though is the headline.
I'm not going to start it now because I don't have to chop it off.
From Nick Patche-One's blog, oh, God, where are they? I'm going to do it after the break.
Maybe God is dead. Maybe that is God dead all that crap.
Maybe he died like Jean Kirk-Panker's younger Franklin.
What about your re-throw, Franklin? She's still kicking it.
Angel style. Maybe God is dead.
Maybe you're all praying to again a dead God, for that being. Or maybe just always new time.
Whatever, whatever makes you happy, okay? See, that's the way I look at it.
Just like that show yesterday, whatever makes you happy, life is short to enjoy it.
That's the motto. At the low harm, life is short, enjoy it, and then that's it.
What more could you want? What other fairy tales? What other words of wisdom lived by this?
Could anybody possibly need, okay? Just listen to old...
I'll tell you, I'm alive.
Although earlier this week I had my doubts, but I'm still alive.
They hit me with five shots.
And I'm still alive.
That was such a great scene, you know, where he's with Tom Hagen.
And he gets the... what message?
See, I was going to say he gets the call, but of course back in the day there was no cell phones.
Yeah, it's very hard to even imagine back in the day when there was no TV,
back when there was no cell phones, back when there... you know what I'm saying? That would be the call waves.
No microwave ovens. That would be an excellent poll someday. In fact, people do that next week.
No point. No point.
About what, what, what, uh, modern convenience or whatever, can you at least imagine, uh...
Right.
Because it also old fart like me, you don't remember living before there was any TV.
Correct.
That's when people used to listen to radio. What's that?
Here's the fact that says, just wondering if you heard about Thomas Friedman backtracking on a support for the rack war on I'mus.
Oh, humidity was wrong about supporting it. And surely, Thomas Friedman's an idiot.
Okay, a real fart bison. He then said we should set a date in the leave. He also backed bush.
It was pathetic. Better late than never.
Says, love you and he'll say how to George and Josh.
P.S., please play the bit where we turn the rack over to the Iraqi...
Oh, boy.
When he remembers the name of it?
By the way, as far as the last part of this is which I'm not going to read on the air.
No, I've already looked that up. No, he does not.
Okay, so all you, all you averse suspicious, more.
So, everything I'm not as suspicious about people as some, you know.
Did you read the last part of that, the last sentence on there?
No, that's not the case.
1056 at 560 WQM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
He cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name, he cursed in the name
that I can't bring the phoenix in my hair.
Christmas Day.
Nick Pacheoni says, read the Bible.
If nothing else, read Genesis and then ask yourself a rational person could actually believe
that these are literal historical stories about our human ancestors and roots creation.
I'm talking about Adam, Eve, Cain, Able, Moses, Noah and the rest.
A recent poll taken by Rasmussen reports indicates that most Americans, 63% believe that the
Bible is literally true and the word of God.
The survey found that just 24% think otherwise.
Aside from all the scientific proof that he bunks the Bible's literal account of the
world's history, there's a more pressing question in my mind.
The Bible immerses the reader in stories where God is always popping up in person.
He single-handedly catches Adam and Eve with a forbidden fruit.
He tells Abraham to sacrifice his son to prove his love.
He speaks to Moses in the form of a burning bush.
He gives Noah the blueprint for an ark.
In the New Testament, he sends his son to die for our sins, and he speaks directly
to Christ a couple of times too.
In order to believe the Bible, God was much more direct than the old days, he was personally
involved.
My question, where has he been during the last 2,000 years?
Evangelical say he still speaks to us every time we pray and read the Bible.
Some environmentalists say he speaks to nature in all its wonders, others find him in their
loved ones and within their own souls.
Atheists say he didn't exist then, he doesn't exist now, to which I would say.
Today if someone says God is literally speaking to them, they end up on Zeiprexia, or one
of several other anti-psychotic drugs.
In some cases they get their own TV show, Nick Afford, and collecting from the gullible.
If the Bible is the literal truth and we must ask, what happened?
Did God die?
Did he abandon us?
Or did he actually speak to us through Pat Robertson?
Wouldn't that be the ultimate kick in the head?
I don't have the answer I believe to my core that anyone who thinks he or she has the
answer, a fundamentalist of any strife is deluded, deluded as in, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
I refuse to believe that God once so mentalists and people's lives according to Bible accounts
has changed his to-do list so drastically.
No more walks in the garden, no more sleuth like pursuits of brother killing criminals
like Cain, no parting of the seas, no direct instruction of where and why I'd move like
Jacob and Moses receive, and how long has it been since anyone's been turned into a
moral assault for disobedience?
Except Joyce.
Has God changed his ways or has this more compelling evidence that the Bible stories about God's
interracial and mankind are not literal truth?
Bible stories don't just depict the God we know from my experience, God leads it to our
own judgment and will as to whether we believe or not.
He never literally appears in my garden or bush, burning or otherwise.
If I choose to sense His presence around me or within me, that's my own experience in
my personal perception and has nothing to do with the Bible.
It's between God and me.
In other words, I can't say you wanted, I can't deny you're experiencing the
highest or affirms God's existence.
But Christ sadly, history continues to tell us that as long as people believe that
the religion or holy book as the literal truth will never make progress toward a peaceful
world.
The holy books of each and every world religion were never meant to be read as literal
prose.
They are poetic.
Strip away the tales and myths you'll discover that they all offer the same guidance
for living, love one another.
Take in poetically Christianity has a place for everyone to do, let me say it again.
Take in poetically Christianity has a place for everyone as do all the other religions.
Example, the gospel of Luke tells us that Jesus was not God's only son.
And Jesus himself began to be about 30 years of age, being as was supposed the son of Joseph,
which was the son of Heli, etc., which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.
But the New Testament gives much more detail about Jesus being the only son of God, conceived
through the Holy Spirit by the Virgin Mary.
Now only Christians run board for this part of the story, and fundamentalists are convinced
that if you don't accept Jesus, you simply go to hell when you die.
Wouldn't it be healthier to teach our children the Christ came to earth to teach us how to live?
Everyone who believes in God can accept at least poetically that Jesus is the son of God,
just as Adam is the son of God.
And if Adam is the son of God, then we all are.
And then there are some who are just the son of A. Well.
Fitch.
And everyone who is a living Christ-like, who is living a Christ-like life, forget to
see that approval, even if they don't actually believe in Christ, this notion that you can
drown your kids in the family bathtub, go to prison, accept Jesus, and then be back on
your merry way to an eternity in heaven, is ridiculously out of whack.
People that believe this stuff also believe that a Jew who feeds the poor cares for the
sick and loves his neighbor is going to hell because he hasn't accepted Jesus.
Yusky.
This is what Bible literalists are teaching their children.
Bible prose over Bible poetry.
It's a mechanical, mental exercise and religious training that embraces the letter of the law,
at the expense of the spirit of love and compassion at the root of Jesus' teachings.
Because no matter what anyone believes, every sane person agrees that there's something
mystical about love, then in a perfect world we would do under what this is we want them
to do under what's, and that respect for our fellow man would be the ideal.
Jesus preached.
This Buddha taught this.
Yes, even the Hammond shared these principles.
This is the poetry of the message.
Spirited the details of the stories that present a spiteful jealous God who separates and
divides.
And if anything you read in your holy book leads you to judge, condemn, or harm your fellow
man in any way, rip it out and burn it.
Take yours that press in, you can be sure that it's not God that's been speaking to you.
Isn't that cute?
That's good.
Take his eye, press it, pop a couple of mouths.
Pop a few more pills, Rush.
What was he taking?
He's taking axes.
He's taking axes.
Chop, chop.
He's a chomping on it.
Chomp on this, Rush.
Oh, and on second thought.
Why don't you see Darren King anymore on CNN?
You know that?
Not for a long time.
Keep mentioning that.
Maybe she's pregnant.
Oh, take that.
If she has Rush's baby.
Remember Rob Rosemary's baby?
Come on.
I've got a minute one.
It's alive.
It's alive.
Can you see Rush's baby?
Oh, I can't see you now.
Woo.
I bet she's got a mustache and a hair are like combed over one side of the head.
Neil Show Thursday, 995 votes.
We'll have a thousand on air.
Look at his split.
That's going to be really great.
By the way, next time you see a new, you know, you contact this guy Joe that's listening
to you.
You seemed it over very well.
I mean, you obviously hate you.
He got the email address.
He's like a lot of people do.
Well, email him back and tell him, because he may not be listening to you.
I appreciate his very fine.
I will even though he's probably listening.
He listens all the time.
Well, how do you know he's looking at all the people that say busy, timidly, and
everybody is like, glue this on stupid ass radio show like we are, because we have to
do it.
I'll email him anyway, because he's a good guy.
Just on my behalf, just then that'll be my Christmas present.
Are you already sending my birthday prayer?
Well, this will be my Christmas.
I'm going to call it a holiday.
It's a holiday.
Just saying Joe a message, say thanks for the kind words you say right now.
Right.
Joe, Neil says, get a light.
I have no life.
You really are a, I'm not going to go into it.
What's the use?
Hopefully, sir.
Hopefully.
Neil's Thursday show was we have 996.
I bet you have had refresher.
We might have really close to a thousand.
Refresh that baby.
Click that thing.
997.
See, they're pouring in by the ones.
Although still 42.4% of this crowd voting on a pool didn't listen to the show.
That whole thing just doesn't compute with me.
And it's like almost half.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like, how can you be involved in voting on a pool if you don't well?
Like I said, they're busy now.
Neil's Thursday show was didn't hear it.
423.
42.4%.
Disgraceful.
Especially a show like that.
They didn't hear it.
Shame on you people, man.
You've got to burn and help for that for sure.
I'm sorry.
After I just read that nice thing about love.
I just sent that off to Joe.
Good.
Thank you.
It was gutsy.
135.
One of the best ever.
108.
It certainly was.
And like I said, don't ever expect another outpouring of true emotion for me again.
Because it's just not what I do until the next until I get emotional again.
It was OK.
105.
Fascinating 90.
Ponderous 49.
Crap 36.
Well, your mom.
OK.
See, I put the negative stuff on there because I knew that a certain bunch of people, they
hop on it.
It was spectacular.
23.
I hate this pool 20.
And it was eight.
Eight.
And 997.
So you put gay on there just, you know, just bust my balls and I have a thousand one votes.
That's it.
I'm going.
Here's your age.
See you.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He always starts playing that old music.
And I immediately say I don't think I'm going anywhere.
And then that's the game plan.
The game plan.
What is your buddy, Hamlin, hearing Rumsfeld?
Oh, sorry.
That's not how life works.
Yeah, that's your main.
You get, and I have a life force all these people like you and your buddy, butchered over there
in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Almost 3,000 dead American soldiers in this man is still a bush sitting in a white house.
Him and Cheney.
Untouched by human hands.
It doesn't really ashamed.
And when I say untouched by human hands, who do you want to touch either one of them when
you come right down to it?
That bulldog, love and wife of Cheney man, that one that writes all the steamy bulldog
novels.
You can only begin to imagine.
And then of course, Laura Bush.
She's just, you know, when you come right down to it, in fact, that's another great
whole question.
Write these down for Christ's sake.
Your favorite first lady of all time.
Now, when you think, and of course that depends on your age, when you think Jackie Kennedy
probably would win?
Why?
Because she was, uh, Jackie Kennedy.
What?
And were those stupid hats and those stupid purses?
He probably said to Matt and she would have been the white house like they all do because
she was a whore.
She was a glorified whore.
That's great.
The good part of it is though that her nassus was still in love with, who was it that
he was in love with and then he kept going to France?
I don't know.
That actress, Maria Callas.
Okay.
He was obsessed.
Just like Frank Sinatra was obsessed with who was it in the gardener?
And you know, it's one thing to be obsessed with somebody, but not necessarily in that
way, you know?
I mean, I've been my own obsessions just like I did yesterday, but not in that way,
necessarily.
It's 12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
We got the mad dog at Hoeders Hard Rocket too.
And Josh Cortes is going to Tahoe next week.
He's going to be puns and I hope he get a good machine month.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
In fact, I don't hope he gets a good machine because then you get hooked on it and you
be bastard.
I know you're angry.
I know you're hitting me up for more checks and more money, you know?
I'm not putting you in my will.
I hate to break the news.
I'm going to like you.
You're a good guy.
Listen, but I admire you.
You know?
You're your friend.
You'll be your best friend.
I don't want him to be my friend.
I'll be number four.
You'll be number eight at Ho.
In fact, the circle of close friends closed it for me.
I just closed the door at four.
How do you like that?
And you were right on the customer, too.
You were right on the animal.
I can be part of the customer.
You're out.
I can't help it.
You're out, Tom.
Maybe you could help.
You're out, Tom.
Oh boy.
Maybe I'll surprise both of you.
You know, maybe just for you know.
I'm going to be in my 60s by the time you die.
It'll be a hell of a surprise.
I'm going to be in my 60s by the time you die.
I'm going to live a forever just to spite all of you guys.
Jacob was the only one who said, no, I don't, you know, he, in fact, he ran away.
He was so nervous about that.
Although that one fact from Sam, that we made a good point, you know?
Maybe even in spite of all my protestations, maybe people, it just would be normal for
people to say, well, what's he going to want from me?
That nothing.
Nothing.
He doesn't want to be the whole thing.
People don't believe.
Yeah, hold this.
I wouldn't mind that be holding.
But that's the side of the point.
That goes without saying anybody knows.
He's going to be holding.
Yeah, hold this.
You know, that, I think, is worse this time.
I'm here than having to deal with crazy people.
On this show, even though we're like, be seeds with certain crazy people, we're not that
crazy about crazy people.
So skip all the holiday shopping madness with one easy call to one 800 macros to get you
a new great macros at an unbeatable price.
I bet you best, dude.
Rock and roll historians digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered
tapes of a legendary singer.
No one knew existed.
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas.
Santa's on the road.
I heard the reindeer hoots.
He's coming down the blue.
He's got something for you.
Santa's on the road.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds
of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Yeah, that's just not gross then.
All the families toast then.
We're more high as a guy.
Another family of five.
It's the lizard king at his most best.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
Perfect.
I hate him.
Please don't get one to me.
Samo, I know ain't where they come.
CLD.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
It's the CD that proves the ULTIG season is still alive.
He's still alive and doing great things.
In fact, he's got a new album coming out, I believe, for the holidays.
1119 at 560 WQM.
We got the 1025 votes on the pool.
42.2% of the people who voted on our pool by the way, by yesterday's show, didn't hear
the show.
And look at those calls pouring in.
See, this is not a time of the year when you expect like, yeah, just don't expect it.
They're all busy running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
Have you ever seen those pictures of chickens still running around after their heads have
been chopped off?
Seen it in person.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, what was that?
It was dead about my rural area.
Come on.
Telling you.
That's you see it in person.
So how long?
Not only they keep running around after they are heads good chopped off.
Way longer than you think they would.
Way longer than you want them to.
And here's the best part.
Let's try that with joy.
See if she keeps running around.
Here's the best part.
They're hurting blood up in the air the whole time.
Oh.
Oh.
Watch it.
Look out now.
Oh no, no.
What do you like that train spotting?
You're just into really grotesque nasty stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Sick.
They do that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
Let's have a real hot phone around here of great calls.
Well, a lot of great calls just calls.
Some of some calls.
That's right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound.
5, 60 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Nobody QAM, hello?
QAM.
Oh, yes.
Neil, I put a Kim Boat Camp over there.
OK, go ahead.
I'm glad.
I hope you will lick it.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
I want some of the plastic dog food that you're giving away.
WQAM, hello.
5, 6, 7, 0.
Oh, now that.
That's a sad case.
That is a really sad case.
That one right there.
I mean, not that there aren't some other very sad, but that one is really sad.
It's making a sad guess who I try to hop on our Myspace and invited himself to be a friend
yesterday, which had to leave it immediately.
Not sooner.
The same jackass that the fact in yesterday.
I don't want to mention Greg and Port St. Luizley.
You're a pathetic, and he writes on there, oh, you're still pathetic, but I'd love to
be your friend about, yeah, right.
I'm going to leave something in my will for you.
OK, it's called a hitman.
Greg and Port St. Luizley, you jackass.
You pathetic no life loser.
He also said, I have no life.
But then we knew that.
I'm pathetic.
You should be so pathetic.
OK, as me.
He is a warm, hard, and kind old queen like yours truly, OK?
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, he just stuck it up.
That's right.
WQAM, hello.
Did Matt don't put you up to all this?
WQAM, hello.
Oh, man.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Did you refer to him running?
Yeah, that's running.
And so are you.
Right to the can.
QAM, hello.
Nail, I think you should just put your hands up.
I'll discuss this with you rabbi.
Yeah, OK.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And I'm going to go see my Rebbe, OK?
And I'll discuss my personal travails
and the emotional cripple status.
WQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes.
How are you?
Good.
When are you coming back to South Florida
so we can get some autograph pictures?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
What time is your show on, pal?
When am I coming back to South Florida
where some of you listen to autographs and those stupid cars?
You know, I am, but it's not even business
when I come back and then.
And what the love's going to come back to South Florida
with a close person of friends, but you're not in South Florida.
Let me come back so we can talk to the crap out of you
at the crack and come by your table.
And I'm great.
I really have been proud.
It's funny fact, you hate me like boys.
Oh, man.
Wow.
By the way, as you see, I got the vaccine.
Go back to the vaccine.
Go back to the vaccine.
And actually, on some more stories,
don't we know about some of those like, I don't know about that.
I think there are channels got like 400 of those marginal stations,
JNO and JNA and JNU and how's it going, A and all those other.
And some of these like Joyce Kaufman, I think, is still one of those.
Joyce Kaufman.
I never heard her on the ear.
And I'm so pleased to hear that.
Maybe Norma Campbell.
In fact, Norma called me last night because he was so impressed
with my soap opera yesterday.
They want to see if they like anymore.
And of course, so you know, and to see if you could put hidden there.
No, and see if I could hook him up with somebody.
No, just a joke.
Just a joke.
Stay away from him, Jacob.
OK, stay away from that Norma.
Now I can see why I wouldn't want to send any information to him.
I wouldn't either.
1,030.
And if I go find some more runaways, Norma, just a joke.
It is just a joke.
1,035.
And now we're down to 42%.
If we can get down to less than 40%, but that's not going to happen.
There's just too many votes.
You know what I'm saying?
We'll take too many.
If they were both of these other things, like it was Gussie.
And one of the best shows ever, God, that kneels a real bench.
And what a wonderful, generous, great guy he is.
And what a courageous guy to go on here,
and be to be in such a schmuck.
See, that's one thing.
All of us, not most of us, all of us, at one time or another in life.
And usually many times, we do things that are like,
like George would say, stupid.
You know?
But most people would never admit it.
Much less on the year, the thousands of other people go public and say,
well, I'm a schmuck.
Because it's just some people would say, well, that's bad for your image.
Yeah.
Well, what image?
Like I said myself up in some kind of a maven here, like some kind of a role model.
Yeah, a role model.
If you want to be an old, perfect, fag, then fine.
That's me.
I'm a great role model for it.
Other than that, just to go to your own life.
Hey, I admit it to being married on the air.
That was stupid.
Now we're going to be stupid.
But in your case, or what you do, you're being stupid.
Don't get married, George.
And don't get married.
Don't worry.
Don't get married.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't respect that.
Because somewhere inside of them there's a voice speaking that says, don't tell it.
Don't worry.
That's right.
Live your life, enjoy it.
Have a good time and just, you know, don't be stupid.
Right.
Fly loose.
Or just hang loose.
26 past 11 at 5.60.
But this show is just smoking right along today.
Man, oh man.
That was like a, that was a weird birthday yesterday right in the radio.
I needed that for myself.
I needed for the audience was, of course, George was felling from it.
Mary kept encouraging me.
You know, go ahead and do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Like they love it.
Yeah, yeah.
They do.
They do what?
They love it.
They love hearing about it.
39 people said that she was crap and 51 said it was pond versus 8.6% who were not enchanted
with it.
You know what they can rot.
They can rot in hell like that.
Archal I just read said.
That was a good article, wasn't it?
Guess it was.
But where is God?
Where is God?
Where is all this hate coming from?
Okay.
This man made in this invented hate.
Hostility.
And of course in South Florida, man.
That's the special.
Speciality do you are.
Everyday.
Not just today, but everyday.
What's the super the day the hate?
Tastes good.
Mmm.
Delicious.
Fuck, dry day.
You bastards.
Oh, wow.
I got run over at the Walmart.
You've traveled under shoppers, greedy feeds.
Get out of my way, you pervert.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Oh, poor grandma.
Oh, no.
She's been dead meat.
Every year, now we track all.
All she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You ruined Christmas.
Or the DVD she owned.
Merry Christmas, my ass.
But when those faithful doors swung open.
When the Walmart.
She was stepped on and banged up straight to the bone.
Grandma's now right out of action.
And the hospital she sits.
And her body is in traction.
And she even needs a nurse to take us.
Take us.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
And she ran under shoppers, greedy feeds.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Don't.
What grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
You're a kid.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Grandma got running through the street.
Grand攪她, no she'll have to take a locus package.
Grand攪她 has to take a locus?
Every time she achieve things like I came here to pick both the white dress
Grand攪 Her whale's out there.
Hans happy to give his polynomials a fuck.
Ha ha ha.
Harry and I highly are right since amazing and almost half the people who voted on today's
poll didn't listen to yesterday's show.
I would agree with that.
Harry haven't I been saying that repeatedly?
Yes.
All over down to 41.6%.
Now we got under 42% for the first time.
Congratulations to me and to Harry.
I wonder how many people who vote on your polls never listen.
Now that would be a good poll also.
That's the third one we got and you have a written them down.
I've already forgot the first two.
What?
Maybe you can do a many poll to see how many people there are who vote on the polls but
never listen or rarely.
For the 20 plus years I've been listening to you yesterday's show is one of the best ever.
I agree with you Harry.
Thank you very much.
Happy holidays.
Happy whatever you're doing.
Happy Kwanzaa.
Harry and Hiolius is there was one of the best and I would agree.
Very, you know, I was a little reluctant there.
I first I said I was going to go ahead and do that and then you kind of pushed me into
it.
I mean what the hell did you have to lose?
You know, you're not degrading and humiliating yourself.
You already did that when you got married.
That's right.
I have an interest in that is the ratings that I knew the people would lap it up.
You think?
No.
Oh, look at this.
Wait a minute.
Here's a I just printed a story out and didn't print.
Oh, I know.
I'm going to get more crap.
If you were just highlighted and print this.
Yeah, print this is right.
I can't find it.
Well, it's about a drill type of demonstrate the Navy's ability to knock missiles out of
the sky.
Fail.
Oh, not that kind of drill.
It failed.
Off the ice coasters, they it was been worked.
Second figure and nine tests of the system by the agency and the US Navy said missile
depends agency spokesman Chris Taylor.
US Pacific Fleet has been gradually installing missile surveillance and tracking technology.
I'm going to give it to destroyers and cruisers and concerns about North Korea's long-range
missile program.
But both target missiles dropped harmlessly into the ocean.
Oh, well, it failed.
Let's want to keep that in mind.
Okay, as you're worrying about your government keeping your ass alive.
My job is to keep you safe.
My job is to keep you here.
Right.
Tell it again, W.I.
Idiot.
By the way, you think daddy is finally recovered after that horrible performance in there?
Oh, poor Bush, 41.
I have a problem there.
And of course, if you had sons like that, you'd probably have a problem too.
Like, Jebby and one son is the governor and the other son is the president and you're
still like laughing stock.
And he used to be the president, George Cren Walker Bush.
Down the point.
Down.
1060 votes were down to 41.7 who think that the well-eated and he'll show you a stay.
But Harry's got a good point.
I think what I've decided to do is I'm going to leave only one person in my will and
that's going to be the person with the best call today.
Will you?
You doubt my word?
I do.
You think I'm just making that up?
Yes.
You'll see how many calls we're going to get now and they're going to like, I'll kiss my
ass and they're going to be, oh, kissy, kissy, kissy, you'll see.
Every dime, every penny I have to my name, I'm going to put in my will to whoever, first
of my legs across to my eyes and my fingers, but nevertheless, whatever good call we get.
560, 560, and the Verizon singular wireless line.
You just wait once we catch up with this 85 minute delay if we're still on the air
by then and you see these phones explode.
WDQIM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, help?
Yes.
Hey, how are you?
Okay.
It's funny, sometimes life imitates art.
I was thinking about you just the other day because I went to a friend's Catholic wedding.
You know who the presiding priest was?
Father O'Toole.
God.
Hello?
Actually, I thought that material was better than it was.
Yeah, you're right.
I keep it in this drop thing and it doesn't drop off.
I don't tell me that thing is to broken.
That would be bad.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, look at this.
This thing started to have a few issues.
This whole phone system.
I know.
Now the retainer calls again.
WDQIM, hello.
QAM.
Neil, God.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
You know, I listen to the show every day.
My mister show yesterday because that was awful work.
Well, what was the big shimmest, what he, what's everything all about?
Well, I was just talking about, oh, I don't want to rehash the whole thing.
It was a personal thing about listener out there who I used to meet with the hockey
games and moving.
You know, he got on my, my space pace.
It would be communicating back and forth.
He kind of disappeared for a few days.
I was psychotic and alive.
Oh, somebody wasn't like a chronic or something like that.
No, no.
It was, it was a positive thing as it turned out.
Oh, that's cool.
Um, so how about the little, you want to talk a little hockey?
Can we talk hockey or are you going to start hanging up?
Yeah, I'm going to be the one that's going to be hanging up.
Oh, no, you were the one that was psychic.
What do you mean by that?
Well, that guy, he called it.
He thought you were going to hang up and guess what?
Well, he said people are going to start, what he meant was people are going to start
tuning out.
He said, hang on.
People do that all the time.
You know, they think the listeners hang up.
They were like when you turn your radio down or you shut it off.
Oh, they just hung up, you know, that's, uh, they're non radio people.
He just got meant well.
He had very weak material.
He meant well.
Okay.
1062 votes on the pool and we got 41.8% didn't hear the show yesterday including that guy.
And he, see, I'm not going to rehash the whole thing for those, see, that's a bad
moment that there were that many people didn't hear the show.
The archives are there for those people that were in the audience.
That's right.
It's right there on our website.
The archives isn't the whole thing.
You'll be glued to it.
You'll be like riveted to it.
It's just, in fact, you know, I think that the even rookie picky show probably was impressed
by it.
What do you think?
I'm sure he was.
Stalling because I'm looking for, I'm even like that.
It's great radio.
See, I told you.
He loved it.
Dominic QYM.
Hello.
QYM.
Now maybe this thing isn't working long.
There you go.
Here I go.
He pushed it now.
And he got a little.
Hi, I'm Argy.
Okay.
Well, I heard the show yesterday.
It was a great show, Neil.
You're right.
And I want to tell you, I've been listening to this 1982 and I'm the guy that gave you
Anna's band of correct age.
Oh, you're the guy that called into bitch me out because they gave her the wrong age?
I don't.
I didn't bitch anybody out.
I think you did.
Oh, you think he was 10 years younger than you thought?
That's all.
Yeah, you were very hostile about it, too.
You were like, we were wounded in my life.
No, I'm never hostile.
Have a great, ah, holiday, Pally.
You do.
See, he was just too, you know, I don't know.
He just couldn't get to him, too, like almost emotionless.
Well, I can understand that he's still stuck in South Florida.
He's emotionless.
1969 votes on the poll and 41.6% did not hear yesterday's emotional, wonderful radio show
for which I should probably win some kind of a radio award.
The biggest names.
And it'll be a war for who had to do with final fraudsters.
Absolutely.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, right.
But our friend met a tragic end one one day.
He was stopped.
And after he had made the deal, it turned out to be a cop.
Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men.
No, he isn't gay, but he had to pay the billy in the end.
Pumped in his drum, drum, pump in his drum, pump, look at the convict door.
Bracked him.
Pumped in his drum, pump in his drum, pump, pump, pump, all because of love.
16 to 11 is 560 WDQAM.
And of course, I'm rereading this email from your buddy Joe, your close personal buddy Joe.
You know, have I ever met Joe?
I don't think so.
Oh, I'm just curious.
Because you seem to know him so well and most of our listeners, I told you, he showed up to a couple of appearances before.
Shook my hand, says things, and off he goes.
Because I'm reading about that thing about smoking the joints with Jacob on it.
I certainly hope that Jacob doesn't think that when we're going to be meeting for lunch, I'm going to be lighting up a big fat one, you know.
Then I'm into this marriage-a-weeny thing.
Big fat one.
Marriage-a-weeny.
Well, I made me part of that.
The Homeland Security Department's newly revealed computerized risk assessments of international travelers may violate a specific band that Congress imposed as part of the agency's budget over the past years.
Remember when we were talking about that ATS craft?
The automated targeting system where they're going to find out how much of a risk you are.
Of course, in your case, oh, of course it's about sand, risky.
Some members of Congress and privacy advocates yesterday questioned the legality of automated targeting system or ATS.
Risk assessments that have been assigned to millions of Americans for informers who entered or left the U.S. over the past four years, or was that U.S.A.
It clearly goes contrary to what we have in law, representative Martin Sabo, Democrat of Minnesota, said that,
and if you wonder if he's getting the water-sable for a sake, I sure hope not.
I'm going to leave water-sable all my money in my will when I die.
You have, right?
He said ATS is the kind of computerized risk assessment we've been trying to prohibit.
Homeland Security Chief Michael Churdov, the anxious bearded goofball, told the AP.
I don't think the prohibition can be read as applied to this program.
The statue doesn't bar the use of funds for the purpose of analyzing the risk for people entering this country.
Department spokesman Russ Nakhni, Nakhni, I wonder if he was kitten to Newt Rockney.
Russ Nakhni said Congress was informed many times since 2003 that ATS was being used to access people, to ask people.
Can I ask you a question?
The AP reported last week that ATS had been assessing millions of people since 2002,
and at that time a law prompted by the attacks of 9-11 required air and cruise lines to give the Homeland Security Department advanced data on all passengers and crew entering and leaving the country.
Jason P. Aher, an assistant commissioner of customs and border protection told the AP that all passenger data is analyzed by ATS,
data on rail and some land travel has also been assessed, he said.
A lot of assesting going on.
ATS is operated with little public notice from understanding until the description was published last month on the Federal Register, a fine print compendium of federal rules,
the Homeland Security Department said notice that people could not see their assessments or directly challenge them.
It plans to keep the assessments for 40 long, freaking years and share data with state local and foreign governments for hiring, contracting, licensing, other decisions,
and some instances data could be shared with courts and private contractors.
Sabo, the top Democrat on the House of Properiers and Subcommittee on Homeland Security, wrote into the agency's spending bills,
they banned on computerized passenger risk assessments for the past three budget years, the legislation that said no funds from the appropriations bill could be used to develop or test computerized data mining tools,
assigning risk to passengers whose names are not on government watchlist, TBSAN.
Sabo said they keep going off on these wild scenarios on a regular basis, they should concentrate on making their watchlist comprehensive and correctable.
Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont agreed there's a growing concern in Congress that this program invites abuse and that the administration is plowing hand with it and apparent violation of the law said the Leahy,
remember they counterpired some committee in the incoming chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Uncle Sam is watching you, okay, they're assessing your risk, they got a microscope on your ass and they're watching your movie make.
I like that, they're sniffing every fart your cards, it doesn't make damn sure that you're reading the right ingredients.
Or whatever that is, you have some kind of subversive crap in your system, there's nothing worse than a subversive crap, I'll tell you that.
Oh, 185 votes on a pool of 41.7%.
Didn't hear the show yesterday.
And you know what, you know what, did I look at that?
They're laws.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
They're laws.
A spectacular show of real gut honesty and truth and outpouring of emotion and you know, whatever, whatever.
It's there in the archives that they want to hear.
Niels Thursday show was I didn't hear it, 453, 41.7% a frightening number out of 185.
185, that means we're going to have 111 by 11, 11 by 11, 11 by noon or whatever it is, who cares?
We don't care.
I finally admitted that too, I don't care.
One of the best ever yesterday, 115.
Can anybody dispute that?
Nope, not me.
It was okay, 112.
Fascinating 99.
Ponderous 54, it was crap 39.
How do you like that after all that outpouring of emotion 39 people say it was crap?
Boy, really hurts me to the quick, not.
Spectacular 29, it was gay, 22.
And I hate this pool of 22.
Well, it was gay only because the I guess I am, you know.
No, it was the case.
If it had been a woman or an ugly guy, it wouldn't have gone down that way.
Well, that's right.
And of course, I admitted there wasn't that case, and it was not.
If he would have been an ugly guy, I know it looked like it was the second time anyway.
Look at all the ugly guys that had come to those hockey games, sure.
Hey, Niels, how you do?
And that's that they weren't nice people.
That they weren't friendly or people that I appreciated they're coming by and they listen to the show.
I don't respect everybody who listens to be a great looking guy, you know.
Follow what I'm saying.
Not everybody who listens can look like Brady Quinn, including Jacob by the way, but nevertheless,
it's just that if somebody comes by who, you know, oh look at this, here's a bunch of people sitting, what are they doing?
It looked like they were sitting in slot machines, but they're not.
See that goes to show where my mind is.
Oh, they're voting.
Wow.
What do you trust more?
Slot machines or voting machines?
Oh, geez.
Slot's an easy one.
Yeah, at least they're regulated.
At least once in a while you win.
Oh, there's the phone.
I wonder if that's a package.
Well, what day is it Friday?
It's Friday.
What kind of a package would that be?
Well, I'm not going to answer.
Governmental changes in upcoming legislation from the new Congress may bring it into paperless electronic voting.
The New York Times imports in its editions today.
By the 2008 presidential election voters around the country are likely to see sweeping changes
and how they cast their ballots and others ballots are counted right, Ian or Beena and Christopher Drew,
including the end of the use of most electronic voting machines without a paper trail.
Wouldn't that be great?
Quoting federal voting officials and legislators, or Beena and Drew,
report that new government guidelines and bills in Congress will probably combine to make paperless voting machines obsolete.
Good.
For the first time, the article says vote counting software will also be inspected by government authorities
and the code could be made public.
Additionally, states and counties that vote voting machines will have to modify them to hook them up to printers
while others are planning to scrap the machines and buy new ones.
The article quotes the director of an election's website is saying in the next two years
we'll see the kinds of sweeping changes that people expected to see right after the 2000 election,
the difference now is that we move from politics down to policies.
Excerpt from the Regenerality says, motivated in part by voting problems during the midterm elections last month,
the changes of the result of a growing skepticism among local and state election officials, federal legislators,
and the scientific community about the reliability and security of the paperless touchscreen machines used by about 30%.
About 30% of the American voters.
Many of these machines were brought in a rushed to overhaul the voting systems after the disputed election of 2000
and issued those hanging chads, baby.
Chad is hanging it.
But concerns have been growing that in a close election the paperless machines gave election workers no legitimate method of conduct
or recouder to check for malfunctions or fraud.
Several counties around the country already considering scrapping their voting systems after problems this year and last week,
federal technology experts concluded for the first time that paperless touchscreen machines could not be secured
from possible tampering.
It's also clear the changes will not come without a struggle.
State and local election officials are still reeling from last major overhaul of the country's voting system,
initiated by the help America vote act of 2002,
and some say that $150 million in federal aid proposed by hope would not be nearly enough to paper the changes.
In other words, this is going to fix all the elections that have been growing itself.
How do you like that?
But at least no more paperless...
You've got to have that paper trail, baby.
Nothing like having a paper trail.
1,90 votes on the pool. We'll have about 1,100 licks by the top of the hour. Aren't you proud? No, you're not.
Well, 414, we're down to 414.1.6 though, didn't hear it.
See, I mean, obviously I put that on there because I'm glad I did because it's kind of an interesting statistic, isn't it?
Kind of like a fly opener.
But the fact of the matter is, how much more interested in the people who did hear the show and hear their take as opposed to people who didn't hear it.
You know what I'm saying? How is it like saying, what do you think about that fight last night while I didn't see it?
Well, what are you going to tell me? And then they still have an opinion.
Then again, that's life in South Florida. That's people. That's people in general.
Opinions are like butts. Everybody's got one. They used to be able to say something else.
Eight holes.
Well, that's it.
Butt, butt, butt, butt.
Rectome. That's it. Everybody's got one.
5.6705.60. And look at this. They did not respond when I told them that I would put the best color in my willowance because they don't believe me.
And they're right. Of course. 5.6705.60. And pound five. And in addition to which, what kind of a stranger would take money from somebody they don't even know at all?
What's left somebody they hardly know? Well, it depends on what kind of a straying was attached to it.
No strings attached.
And I have to see any of these people hopefully not. Well, there might be some people out there in this audience. I wouldn't mind seeing but then that's another story.
And then there might be string attached and they might run like a son of a bitch.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
This is cute.
Okay, good.
I'm sorry, everyone.
Oh, there's one of them. I'm putting him in my will right now.
All right, I'm leaving it all. I'm hanging it all out there for him on the line.
This thing is working again by the way, the way it should. And it's because I put it in my mousepad.
Good. Well, wasn't it a better idea?
Yes.
Because it was like kind of slopped over there. My little box with the 12 aligns on it.
I think like the one you got there that probably doesn't do anything.
Oh, that's like that.
Does it work?
Does it work?
Just the computer doesn't.
I see. Well, now you're getting picky. You want everything you're working at, studio?
It's the Beasley F and Way. And by the way, if anybody yesterday heard him with a show
and thought that I'm a crazy person, I am. I work for the Beasley's.
Although I'm payday. And by the way, the check showed up on the seventh yesterday.
Thank you to the dev in accounting and to Joe Bell for working on that and getting it to hang.
Even I think clearance this morning, which I think I am.
You see, clearance here to show you. Yes, then he thought it was funny.
He thought it was great, but he thought it was funny.
You think it was funny?
No, not funny.
No, I mean, it was a lot of other things. You could like many other words you could use.
Yeah, but certainly wasn't funny.
Well, I guess he enjoyed my pain. You know, we heard about how pain.
And maybe if I have a lot more pain clearance, I have a lot more days off.
And George can do the show like, you know, four or five days a week.
I'll be emotionally crippled. Maybe even plunging a woodbind.
Actually, Wednesday or Tuesday, what day was it? I didn't go anywhere.
I went over to the convenience store, got my newspapers and my soda, and that was it.
I just laid out like an emotional cripple, like an old washerwoman, man.
Like a silly old lady.
Speaking of silly old ladies, you know, that colligula did during part of his reign.
He addressed up as a woman.
Yes, I know.
Were you aware of that?
Not only did I see the movie, but every documentary.
No, excuse me. I know you're an expert on this crack.
For the Roman stuff, you betcha.
Okay.
Q. I.M. Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Yesterday I was staring at my radio with my jaw in my hand.
Right.
And just loved it and thought, you know, I've been listening to this guy a long time.
And if he never ceases to shock and amaze me, and it was just lovely.
Well, how do you like that?
See, the little personal, whatever the hell it was.
How can you kind of humanize me, I guess, you know?
It was great.
And once in a while, it's okay, and I'm sure for you felt better, you can do that.
We all love you.
And we just want to hear whatever you have to say, and that was great.
Well, thanks a lot, pal.
And last thing, and closing, you've got to get the book they did on Larry King.
They exposed him.
Have you heard about this?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Let me talk to you about it a couple days ago.
All right. Well, hey, thanks again, and have a great holiday from all your fans.
And back to you.
And loan us $50 million.
Love you.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
He said he had something in his hand.
I think he said his jaw in his hand.
And then he said, well, $50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$50.
$ Angry
I say no way
Ramos hecka doesn't spy a bother wrap group in and play
You should have gotten out of it
Turn it into a bit
Wending doubt
Oh you got a shout
It's just a sugar
But now you said that word
That you cannot say
And you said it with the E-R
And not the E-R
I want to be safe
And you keep saying the word
I bring it to myself
Just stop saying the word
Just stop
Cram it, just stop saying it
But you can't say it
Another one I want to trouble
I can't help it any more grammar
It's suburbanhomeboy.com
Move E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
Hey Kramer
You're fair
It's a 1202-560-W-DQM
Happy Friday December 8th to you, boy
This is really something
The way this year is just zooming on by it
And we got the Josh on vacation next week
And you the week after that
And me the week after that
And then it's New Year's Man 2007
It'll be like heaven
And you realize that our 9th anniversary on QM is coming up on the 30th of this month
Right
About 30, man
And on the 17th my coming up party back in the need to Brian Day 76
Right
A major and of course your birthday was two days ago on the 6th
Well in fact Richwood have had his birthday too when he's dead
That's too bad
It is too bad
He's a great guy and a great friend
I did not put him in my willow
And he didn't put me in his will
You know you were talking about crap earlier
He tried twice to explain how to you know that whole thing works
It was like listening to a trigonometry lecture
Who did in February?
That Rich, yeah he was an old hand at crap says you know
Well that was his favorite
In fact when you weighed 800 pounds
I mean crap is probably like you know what your instrumental name?
Biggest past time
Now he was a good guy
He was a little bit of a snore
No question about that
A little bit
The thing in Vegas where he went
See I told it before but probably most people wouldn't believe it
I mean you know he would go around when we go to the buffet
Like at the MGM grand
And once they take your once you paid
They give you like a little ticket
And then the hostess takes you to your table
And the waitress comes along
And if the thing is on your table it indicates you paid already
So what he would do is he would like find a way to bypass the hostess
And he would take one off somebody else's table
And put it where he was going to sit
As if he already paid
It's just you know it's just like not a knock
I don't want to knock dead friends you know
But it's just that was him
That was the kind of New York Jew in him coming out
But he was a great guy
And of course it's just like when Bill Calder died
My interest in thoroughbred racing really
It just stopped going
Because he won't think about going to the track
Most of us have track buddies you know
You have a good friend that enjoys going to the track as much as you do
And you have a good time
And they'll go there expecting to win a course
You hope to just like going to any kind of game
But you hope to but you probably won't
But you go for a good time for some entertainment for a few laughs
And in which case a few free meals
Too many free meals baby
Too many free meals I kept saying
Don't put the rolls on the table
And he would take them off the next table when I wasn't looking
You know
This is a great suggestion for somebody listening on the internet in D'Arreal
Heartwarming
Okay
For today's poll
And just in honor of that they got a request on here
Which I'll play after the break
Heartwarming
Isn't that great? Heartwarming?
Oh gee what a great old man
I wasn't looking for like any brownie points or brownie horn
But it just you know
It was something that really kind of like disrupted me all week
And I just I felt a good catharsis to be good right on here
And it worked out great
Right?
Yes it did
Got me back in touch with my best personal friend
Who I'm going to leave all of my money to him
Whether
Somebody just broke into a tree
Yeah just just it just relax okay
I got news for I'll leave my money to whoever I want to leave it to
How do you like that?
Just put like have a wheel of fortune
And you won't be it
41.7%
We're not listening to the show yesterday
They missed a heartwarming did you put heartwarming on there or not?
Yes we did
It was heartwarming it was for me my heart
In fact I'm it's still pitter-pattering right now
Just like that
Let me do QIAM hello
Hello I'm con you
Yes sir
Yeah can they be that senior Bush was crying because his boy brought down while the greatest country in the history of the world that
Yeah you would cry too that's right that's a good point
His boy brought America down to a way to its knees
To a level of a 10th world country I would be crying too
But I have my feeling I thought I don't know it looks to me like he was having a breakdown
Believe me this week I know a little bit about having a nervous breakdown
Didn't that look like that with you?
Mm-hmm
I mean he was just bawling like a baby like oh it's you that picked on him because it was a political campaign in the child's one
You know
I just don't get it I mean I think maybe he's having a breakdown
Of course that's a big family you know the Bush family
It is so cute
Oh there he is walking lotin 94 he had the people of Florida decided they reelect their governor
All the terrible things they said about Jimmy
About that as Jimmy who's a compulsive liar and phony and BS artist who ignores anytime he wants the will be electorate
We have the bullet train the the the the gambling the slots whatever it is oh my class size amendment he had his DBS plans
But the public isn't chanted with him for some strange reason I have no idea why
Maybe because he ain't no Bobby Martinez remember him?
His name ended in Z
That's why he got elected
Z
Let's get on the Z train
WQAM hello
I'd like a large Brooklyn pizza okay good WQAM hello
Hey Josh want to back out there if he goes over and squats on a rock you know you're getting some cash man
Yes squat on this sweetheart I do like that picture let's back on my wallpaper again
Channel have to say that either I'm just I'm revealing things that don't need to be said you know what I'm saying?
What do I care? I'm on the way out. I'll be done in a week or two whatever or a few months or
30 years George
Whatever know both my parents lived over 90 which is really another story. I'll take care of yourself
I got those good jeans. Oh, yeah, take care of yourself and don't eat anymore of that ice cream
No, it's just that I had a ketchup for a whole week of frustration idea. Well, what are you talking about?
189 isn't bad. Oh, that's damn good. 188 back to 190 and I'm making damn sure that this weekend
I'm not going to be doing any picking out tomorrow is WS would buy in Saturday and
Maybe I'll have a big losing day tomorrow and I'll be spending a whole lot of time trying to chase my money
You know that's one thing Josh don't chase your money and I'm saying and don't feed a cold machine mine don't worry man
If I lose three in a row I'm done don't feed a three what he plays in a row that's right
Yeah, he learned from that brilliant facts. We had the the when I was some of the most stupid Schmidt
I have ever read my life
That was just amazing see my tip to you like if you play if you want to play machine most people shy away from machines that just paid you know
Well, I see 500 or a thousand like I'm real fortunate on a wheel they run away not a good idea when a machine starts paying
Generally, it's in a paying cycle and it goes on for a while
Of course, it could be at the very end of the paying cycle and you're out of luck
You know, maybe you just want to pay like nine grand in a couple of hours. You don't know you don't know
You take your chances and you lose your money. That's what it's all about you do the hokey-pokie put your left foot in and you kick
Wayne in the ass remember that he did the hokey-pokie that one time oh ball headed way all the time he did the hokey-pokie
In the okey-pokie really hokey there was W.A. Q.Y.M. Hello. I think was it a hokey game. Hello. Yeah. Bye W.A. Q.Y.M. Hello
Q.I.M.
It puts a good machine in the basket. We'd love to put you in a casket rhymes with basket at this good at task
It lets throw him in a casket. Schmuck W.A. Q.Y.M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I think while I was pulled that it was he was fine because he realized this dead bush would never be the predator.
5.670560 I got news for it this one's not going to be in my will either one will last two and pound 560 and he provides them a singular right or something. Maybe I got another great idea from the call two calls ago. You know the real short one there. Maybe I can hire a hitman in my will. So in other words after I'm dead
I don't have to worry about you know paying the paper or the consequences that might not be a bad idea. Orders to be followed upon my death.
And then that's something to think about you can put all kinds of contingencies you know in a will. Right. Like they know you know for example that old they have to spend the night in a haunted house thing you can have any kind of an elaborate procedure attached to every dollar in there.
I see. What you still think in that 5.670560 and pound 560 and the Verizon singular right or something. The calls are weak. It's December the eighth it's the middle of the you know the holiday season.
Well see after the year the way it's going to go with these calls since you you people are the ones out there that want to back and let me also say this.
You know this is very instructional the made of this old bag is that is that since all these people we find our voting on the pool don't even listen to the show.
When we asked the poll about the cars you know who knows how many of those people are even listeners offering some stupid as opinion follow what I'm saying.
Just think about that for a while for about half a minute WQ and hello.
Q and yes sir. Oh I'm just going for the new larger show speaking yes. Yes I don't. Good.
I'm just going to ask you about the question really you like going to the track.
Whether what to the race track or horses. What about it? Okay I had a really stupid question because I was asked anybody that I knew but nobody can try me the answer for.
So I'm not racing versus the harness racing which one is actually faster.
Which one is faster the one that run I know you know the runners are faster. Okay in other words when you're running instead of pacing or trotting is probably faster.
Okay I think he had the trots which one is faster. Oh my god I ain't going to be in my will I'll say that.
127 votes but I feel like we've turned I think my like my life turned the corner yesterday I think you never know though don't don't count your chickens before they were.
So best talent to the day is me or Rogers. Why the you best.
Hey man. Hey who's this? It's a Jeff. Hey I was in your restaurant and it smelled like up dog.
What is up dog? I don't know what's up G yo yo yo. Get it. No. Okay.
Hey Richard. Yeah. I was in your restaurant my wife and I and she was commenting as I was that it smelled like up dog.
Like what? Up dog. What is up dog? No what's up with you G. Get it.
Hey I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What's up dog? Not much what's up with you G.
Yeah what's up dog what's up dog? Yeah not much. I'm busy what what you want.
Your place smelled like up dog. Okay bye. Get it. Yeah how are you?
Hey I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you G. Get it.
From 17 at 560 WNW that was by request from our listener in derailleur who said the show was heartwarming although we don't have any votes for our heartwarming yet and that's a little bit too a syrupy for our crowd.
They don't want to pee on me that much you know what I'm saying.
The Reverend speaking of that the Reverend Ted Haggard this week formerly begins his long journey toward recovery from a drugs and police scandal.
That forcing to step down is one of the most influential evangelical leaders in the nation. They're all full of crap.
Haggard 50 has turned himself over to a team of counselors who are assessing his spiritual emotional and mental conditions
that the Reverend H.B. London wonder if he's kind of Brian London who's helping me guide Haggard through the process.
London and two other pastors will then set a rigorous restoration plan requiring Haggard to spend hours each weekend counseling, Bible study, prayer and soul bearing talks
by following a ren person with his mentors. Maybe that's what I had on the show yesterday soul bearing talk you think?
It was bearer. I was bearer. The team's first task will be to push Haggard to announce any additions and come to an honest understanding of his sexuality.
G. Ted is not in touch with reality said the Reverend Mark Howard or friend the mentors can confront Haggard or review him forcefully.
Then we also ask him to submit to a polygraph test. Ted says he's not a homosexual said the Reverend Mike were a good friend.
The restoration team and one experts evaluate that and that's going to require a whole panel of people to figure that one out to figure it out.
Haggard's high profile ministry collapsed last month after a male prostitute when I'm talking to her due to alleged that the pastor regularly paid him for sex over the last three years.
Mike Jones who advertising gay publications as a masseur and his ugly is my ass also said he had seen Haggard take methane fedamine.
Haggard and I the accusations at first but when Jones produced two voice e a voice mail messages from Haggard the pastor said he'd hired the prostitute for massage and it purchased meth only to throw it away.
And letter to his congregation Haggard admitted he had succumbed to desires that were what I say succumbed to desires that were contrary to everything I believe in teach.
I'm a deceiver and a liar Haggard wrote absolutely there is a part of my life that is so we pulse him in dark that I've been warring against it all my adult life.
Haggard resigned as president of the National Association of Evangelicals a powerful post that brought him in frequent contact with a White House.
He was also dismissed as senior pastor of new life the church he founded his basement grew to a congregation of 14,000.
Since his public confession Haggard has secluded himself with his wife Gale and their five children.
Those close to him say he's humbled ashamed and grieving yet prayerful let the scandal might strengthen his family and his faith it seems to be a time of hope since Kirlin Haggard is niece.
New life trustees are working on a seven package to sustain Haggard who earned about 440 grand a year and his wife who earned about 50 grand a year for work with women's ministries.
Associate pastor Rob Bremdell said the Haggard also received a generous outpouring of gifts from congregation members including donations.
Well he can if you better call those masseurs you know could cost a lot of money.
Those close to the restoration will not say what the Haggard will undergo therapy to try to eliminate same sex attraction.
He's going to want to go therapy to try to eliminate same sex attractions maybe a lobotomy but the conservative Christian leader the unshared James Dobson a close friend to say the healing process which could last years will probably into eliminate any homosexuality.
When it doubt wipe it out micro cleaning.
While white evangelicals as a group tend to view homosexuality as a lifestyle choice not an inborn trait because they don't want to harass from my elbow with 50% of 6% holding that sexual orientation can be changed according to a poll taken this summer by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.
My comparison the same poll showed 31% of Catholics and 22% of white men on Protestants believe that change is possible they should lose so much.
In addition which who wants to change every side reference said.
In many evangelical congregations many women with same sex attractions are expected to use prayer and Bible study.
Delta resist the temptation to sin.
Haggard comes from a charismatic tradition that puts the special emphasis on the devil's corrupting influence.
He has described supernatural visions of demons waiting to affect newborns with sinful desires.
Demons the devil may be do it with a pitchfork and a tail.
The theology of constant spiritual warfare is what some of us followers to blame Haggard's fall not on any personal weakness but on Satan's cunning.
That's Satan man he is cunning watch out for his wicked ways.
As congregation member Jan Long 60 put it the enemy wants to destroy us the beast.
You know what the beast wants to destroy us.
Such constructions were the Reverend Tody Campolaway liberal evangelical leader who helped God present the spiritual restoration after the moniker business.
The idea that this is a matter of some evil spirit taking hold of him and sitting to Haggard up for a disaster he said he may have a tendency to pretend that he's been delivered from his homosexual feelings and all as well.
Campola said he hoped the restoration team would oppress upon Haggard.
There is no easy fix these are problems that will struggle with for a life for a lifetime.
That's the urges problem a lifetime.
Haggard has been more liberal than many evangelicals on gay rights issues for example he backs domestic partner benefits.
He has preached unequivocally that homosexualities in moral and those who persist in same-sex relations will not be welcoming God's kingdom.
Well guess what some of us would rather be with the devil have it a good time.
His restoration team largely shares this theology includes two veteran pastors of evangelical mega churches.
The Reverend Jack W. Hayford 72 of Anis and the Reverend Tody Barnett 69 of Phoenix both pastors like Haggard draw on the charismatic tradition including speaking in tongues.
I vey.
Wow the third member of the team London six non-Soviet vice president of Dobson conservative ministry focus focus on the family which promotes therapy to help gay citizens change their sexual orientation.
Maybe some of us might want to have I got an idea I just had an inspiration from this how about some therapy to help change some heterosexual from their sexual orientation.
Not that I have anybody in mind how's that sound yeah you can start a program yeah I'm starting my own program it's a hands-on deal.
As director of pastor a lot reached for the Colorado Springs based ministry London's council hundreds of clergy with admitted moral failings up to have to make it through the rehab.
They grow weary of the regiment and draft party said those who stick with the process often feel almost unbearably isolated many of run for years on the adrenaline that comes from power and recognition and suddenly it's gone on and said the phones not ringing people don't need you.
Like us the phones that I want to phone is ringing I'll get to you when I feel like it.
The restoration team will not aim to return Haggard to ministry addressing the new life congregation last month his mentor the Reverend Larry Stocks delayed at a much more modest goal for pastor tend to recover enough to serve God with joy with dignity and hope in his heart.
The congregation responsible a standing ovation all right let's hear it for Reverend Ted Faggot I mean whatever this thing yeah.
144 nine votes on the pool we got all back up over 42 again didn't listen to the show yesterday 42.1% don't you feel really bad and depressed.
I don't need to but they should they should they should feel really down the dumps and by the way heartwarming styles no votes zero wasn't a heartwarming.
I thought it was hard warming warm your heart my heart's warm my pulse is my pulse isn't as my heart isn't as bad as it was early in the week my heart was breaking.
Anybody buying that no it was depressing it was just a personal you know a blip on the radar screen in life we all go through these things right all of these.
All of these things somebody Q a.m. Hello.
Hey Neil I'd like your opinion on something.
Yeah okay I'm listening.
I had a frozen hot dog the other day and I put it right here we're just sick yeah okay and your boyfriend put a little mustard on it.
WQ I am hello Q I in see this thing works when it feels like Q I am hello.
Hey Neil wonder if you were able to catch the cock fight.
Yeah okay I'm ready.
Yeah haha.
Yeah I dropped them.
Okay well it was me it was my finger yeah I got a quick finger.
Rocco is sick already not not to be confused with Rocco is if a rally etc old news very old news.
All these so a poor old people man old news like and they're still around.
Even Peter Irf is still around you know.
Wouldn't be surprised to me what's his name to you buddy Ron Jeremy he's probably still around.
He doesn't like appearances places and things.
I know and the fact that people actually go to see him and shake his hand and like he on his leg that to me is just amazing.
Would you shake his hand?
I wouldn't I wouldn't I didn't shake his hand.
When your buddy Al brought him in there and introduced when he waddled in there the two of them together.
How the hell we got all three of us in the studio together as a mystery me and Al Goldstein around Jeremy.
I greased the door frame the building was shaking and probably your buddy fat boy was around somewhere two at the time.
26 past noon at 560 WQ I tune your honey.
So this is Christmas.
Oi!
And you know this song.
But my wife is singing.
Everyone did for everyone.
And so this is Christmas.
When we sing we all like.
But as soon as you hear your go.
I wish it's my power off of my.
You ought to help me as she calls.
Merry Christmas.
Oh my God.
And I'm happy you do it.
Oh boy.
That's what we talk about.
I don't like it.
This is where it's out of me.
Welcome.
Thank you. Merry Christmas.
Very well rest in peace.
Amen.
He's probably better off you know what?
With the bids like that.
Seaf sure could sing though.
What about that Julian Lennon?
Can he have gold amount?
He does all right.
I think he's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He's going to leave Joe.
He emailed George when you get this.
Oh my God.
That was here when I came up this morning.
So small world Jacob was my next door neighbor.
I voted gutsy.
He always had an aura about him as a kind of tough guy.
And this was an inevitable situation totally human.
He always been a real tough guy like John Wayne or Fey-Wayne.
He says I like Jacob.
We've burned many joints together.
I do see him from time to time still.
I'm going to tell him he was an idiot to be the old man in the old man's wheel right now.
I think this brought me a little closer to his audience Joe.
It says he's probably embarrassed about the whole situation.
Which I'm not.
I'll say it again.
I'm not.
But to those of us who always will admire him,
that was a side of him that's never been witnessed.
And one thing that brings him down to our level.
He brings him down to our level.
I didn't notice it the first time I read that.
I think I like the old man a little more now.
Enough said peace Joe.
There you go.
That's Jacob's ex neighbor Joe.
He's got a big fat one ruled up for it too.
George, you ought to have a while.
I'll make the round.
Very mellow weekend sounds like to me.
1100 to no see if nothing else that show a conflict.
And in the email I just got obviously see that that's another thing.
See I don't know that most people out there
want to take any crap from their friends and people they know and stuff like that are like online.
Most people would want that.
Right.
But I think that there are some people out there kind of like have the old hand bone in them
and they enjoy being in the limelight.
Oh, drama queens.
No, not drama.
Get out of here.
You go after all that.
I'm not sure to finally like get my life back to you.
And here you go.
You are smoking yourself Jacob.
Don't give it to this dude.
Okay.
God, you are the absolute worst drama queen my ass.
Some people just like attention.
That's all.
And in my case there's some people I like to lavish attention on.
That's just me.
You know, just the way it is.
And I don't apologize for it or I'm embarrassed by the way.
I think that's just who I am.
You know, anybody don't like it?
That's few.
Are you two a choice?
Bitch.
1167 votes on the pool.
I guess I better read the result of that because I thought it was a sensational show.
And again, once in a lifetime show.
Because if I ever had to go through this whole experience again, I think right to the balcony
and off a tumbling over the edge, you know, I just, I don't need that.
I just ain't going to do it.
Neal's Thursday show was 1167 vote.
Didn't hear it.
42.4%.
495.
Again, that to me is probably the most revealing thing about this whole poll we're doing today.
And maybe again, it's be, you know, a byproduct of the time of the year.
People are busy busy.
You know, like Ron Popeo.
I know you are busy busy.
But thanks Ron for coming on your own infomercial and peddling this crap.
Didn't hear it.
495.
It was gutsy.
147.
What a ballsy old queen man to come on here and like bear his soul for the world to see what a schmuck he is.
And by the way, I don't make any apology for that either.
The fact that I made, you know, that offer.
It was premature and stupid, but like you say stupid.
But I don't apologize for it.
Just a nice guy.
Neal's show was one of the best ever.
125.
That's what I voted for.
And I'm doing the show.
I think I have a pretty good grasp on it.
I'm saying.
At least I try to get a really good grasp on it.
125.
It was OK.
117.
Fascinating 102.
Ponderous 56.
Crap.
41.
See, these are people that are trying to like wound me to say crap.
You know, of course, I put the choices on the poll in the first place since I make most of these polls up mine.
I sell.
And also it was in George puts on it.
It was 34.
It was gay.
What did I know?
What was my idea?
Whose idea wasn't?
That came in on the facts or something.
You never did, Josh.
Did he say that?
Or it was a caller?
I don't remember.
Yes, he doesn't remember.
Maybe we'll have to run the tape back and play it all over again.
Let's play the whole three hours from yesterday all over again.
Oh, please.
I can get the hell out of here already.
What does that mean?
He just had your free 18 lunches from Howeys.
What do you complain about?
I got people with fatties waiting for me to open the envelope.
Just be careful with your, yeah.
He already smoking out one after what you said before about drama queen.
You know, just bust them on you.
Maybe you're talking about me.
That's it.
Because everybody who I was talking about.
Oh.
But I saw.
What's wrong with that?
Not thin.
Niels Thursday show was gay 34th Spectacular 29.
I hate this poll.
Only 22.
Assolventay 1.28%.
And heartwarming none.
I thought heartwarming was, you know, a good, well, I don't know.
It's appropriate.
It is appropriate.
It was heartwarming to see this.
And of course with you.
Oh, it's cute.
You know, cute.
Like I'm some kind of a child, you know.
Yeah, you are.
And of course when you get to be an old man or an old lady, whatever, you become kind of like a daughter.
But, yeah.
Boy.
I see some of these people especially at Woodbim.
And what the women do, they husband.
They make them like into suffocants like, like subhuman, you know.
They've crushed their spirit over their years.
They have crushed their spirit.
They've worked them into the ground.
They've squeezed all their money.
No, there was this old couple of the other day.
I just wanted to cry.
And only in this case, she was nagging.
Oh, no, you're going to lose them.
Five dollars.
You're going to put them there and lose it anyway.
Five bucks.
If you're that worried about five bucks, what are you doing in a gambling place anyway, idiots?
Right?
So do you want me to refactor the facts that suggested gay or people?
No.
I take your word for it.
I trust you implicitly.
And I'll put you in my will for about ten bucks.
What?
You're not going in my will.
I know.
Let me ask John, because Georgia is great.
I appreciate it more than he realizes.
He's been on the show about 15 years, 16.
16 years.
Of course, it was my idea when we came to IOD, which I think caused George and everybody else off guard by surprise,
because we used to play those best dark tapes on my vacation when I wasn't there.
I was my idea to put George on you and make him into a talk show guy.
Yes.
Stop what?
What?
You said it on the air with no warning at all.
You didn't even ask.
You just said it.
And?
And I worked out great.
And I appreciate it.
So I appreciate you very much, but you've already given me more than I ever could have wanted.
Okay.
So more than I expected.
What was that mean?
That's to talk about.
Okay.
Jesus, God.
I'm talking about you gave me a livelihood as opposed to you know, just some cash.
You fed my freaking family.
Only cash I give you is on your birthday.
Thank you.
I sent him two grand on his birthday.
You paid my car payments.
That's right.
And the reason I paid his car payment was that there was that was not that I got snuck rid of that.
Because once upon a time when we had the candle for everything, I was a trade out.
And I had the car and I gave it to you.
So in effect, I was paying, you know, I was providing you with the car.
So I felt that after that whole deal ended, I just, you know, as a gesture and it's not that much anyway,
you've got a cheap automobile.
Thank God.
A cheap vehicle.
I was going to ask Josh and he's objectivity has been on the show.
What?
Like, almost two years now?
A little over two years.
Over two years.
Let's hear it for Josh too.
Oh!
Okay.
Because Jake was making a lot of money.
He says, he'll leave you in his will.
I didn't say it.
Let's all go.
I'm going to give you a round of applause.
I'm the fab follower, man.
Sixteen years.
What do you think I should leave George a little something someone I broke because he's going to be right longer than me.
A dollar a year.
I'm asking Josh not you.
Bug off.
I say yes and I think that you're a softy and you are going to do it anyway without, you know, you telling George.
It was not my intent.
Okay, until this conversation.
And that shows you that I'm not the nice guy that you're where I think so.
No, not that I was not out of indifference or lack of appreciation.
It's just that you can't, you can't leave money to everybody.
No, I know.
And I'm not a driver.
Oh, there's stuff.
I think George just solved the problem for me.
The biggest name, self-best talent in the face is Leo Rogers.
That's a loony.
That's a loony.
That's a loony.
Do do do do do.
The bagels, finna, dreito.
That's what you were saying for.
Boy.
And they don't get to celebrate Christmas.
We are laughing.
They are crying.
They get crap for eight days.
And nowhere on Christmas you're here.
Honey God.
Honey God.
Honey God.
Honey God.
Every year you get a Passover.
Shining food.
Shining food.
That's the moon.
That's the moon.
Cause you don't have Christmas day.
Oh, boy.
Honey God.
Honey God.
Honey God.
Being Jewish.
It's a pity.
Muzzle time.
Muzzle time.
You got rock.
You got rock.
Cause Jews don't have Christmas day.
Well, you know something will survive without it.
And you ain't got boxing day.
How do you like that?
Well, we could if we wanted to.
But you don't.
We don't.
I still haven't figured out exactly what it is.
You know the bricks you got it and the Canadians got it.
And today after Christmas the 26th.
And what's in the box?
So there we go.
We had 1189 votes.
We'll have well over 1200 by the time we get to 1 o'clock.
And I'm very impressed by that.
Especially it's this time of the year.
People are busy as hell.
They're running around like crazy people.
Crazy.
Like, boom, boom, boom.
Just like that.
42.2% of the audience though, who I'm sorry.
42.2% of the voters on our poll didn't hear the show yesterday.
I think we need to do a little investigative work on that.
You know, find out what their story is.
And you're right.
They can hear it on the archives.
Over and over again.
They can rely on the ones here at the point.
I'm just not into hearing stuff a second time.
You know, me either.
Senator John McCain, regardless of the top president's
candidate for the 2008 election, has lined up a controversial attack
ad specialist to be his campaign manager,
Ross Story, his learn.
How do you like that?
Great.
And a attack ad specialist is going to be his campaign manager.
The holy moly John McCain.
He is so fake man.
He is so airzatz.
Chris Salitza writes that the Washington Post political blog,
The Fix, that according to a source posted in the McCain operation,
the candidate has lined up Terry Nelson to serve as campaign manager.
Once McCain's campaign becomes official.
And it's got a picture of Terry Nelson here.
It looks like he's sucking on a quince.
Not seriously.
He's got that blown up picture.
Like a blown up, like somebody put a bicycle pump in the back of his neck
and stuck out a long, and they're in blew it up.
Nelson along with Carl Rowe, protégé, Scott Hall,
produced a controversial ad in Tennessee's 2006 US center race
between Harold Ford Jr. and Bob Corcor.
In which a white woman seductively invites an off-camer forward to collar.
Remember that spot that Grotesque racist spot?
Ford and unmarried African American and Corcor.
The white former mayor of Chattanooga, who eventually won the open Senate seat,
both criticized the ad.
The NAACP said the ad was a powerful innuendo that plays to pre-existing prejudices
about African American men and white women, especially in a place like Tennessee.
Allen and good plan is red necks.
You know?
Several places that I'm not interested in living.
One of them is Tennessee, and another one is Lakeland.
But I just mentioned that in passing.
It's not the only controversy in the career of Nelson who served as political director
of the 2004 Bush-Chainy election team.
He was supervisor over James Tobin, the convicted New Hampshire GOP operative,
who's schemed to jam Democratic phone lines in the 2002 E-Rexia election season.
Nelson along with the swift-board adventuring Chris Lasavita,
was part of a grassroots political strategy firm that aligned closely
with working families for Walmart, a non-profit heavily funded by the retail giant.
Due to fallout from the Corcoran under pressure from civil rights activists,
Wal-Mart's ties to Nelson were severed.
How do you like that?
Boydus Walmart, and their finger, everything that's evil, and their fingers in it.
Where is Nelson?
Yeah, good question.
He was also involved in the disgrace GOP representative Tom Delay's political action committee campaign,
Finance, Fiasco, and Texas.
And he came in already hired Nelson earlier this year as senior adviser to his own PAC straight talk America.
Straight talk America.
How about gay talk America?
That's more like it.
That's the new writer's show, man.
It's gay.
Talk America.
1191, we're ancient toward that 1200 total under pull.
Don't forget we have the mad dog at Hooter's Hard Rock.
How about that, the semifinals bind up all them hard rocks?
How about that?
I don't know, it was on the news last night.
I wondered why.
I guess it's that big of a story.
I don't care who owns it.
I don't hang out of the hard rock.
It's just not my cup of tea.
If I'm a straight guy looking for some hot chick and I want to, you know,
booze it up, then I'll go to the hard rock.
There you go.
But I'm, you know, when I go to Vegas, I love the MGM grand.
Got its grand.
Now I'm sure you've been in there, right, John?
I've stayed there.
You've stayed there?
Yes.
Well, what's not to like?
Can I give you a little, I don't know, you know, about the eating situation you had at the MGM grand,
but the room service food there is as good as any restaurant you'll find in town?
I know that the, I hit the buffet, I remember, in the MGM.
There's a buffet.
I don't do buffet.
Well, in Vegas they're good.
And I remember.
I'm not going to stand in line.
I'm not going to stand in line.
And there is no buffet that I've ever seen that's worth my standing on line.
There's no line.
And you just go.
I think I'll go through the right time.
That's right. Okay.
And I don't know a line.
There's no line.
We've ever seen the lines and dinner and lunchtime when it's like, oh my God, go ahead.
I don't remember the name of the place, but I'm not a big fan of it, but they had the best cornbread I've ever eaten in my life in the MGM.
Cornbread, sure.
I like it.
Like, too helping to.
It's like, really?
Keep it coming.
I'm about that.
At the MGM grand?
Yes.
On the buffet, you mean?
No, it's like the little restaurant, you know, I don't remember the name.
The little restaurant, I've got 80's in restaurants and they've also got, oh gee, what's the Italian stuff?
He got those frozen pizzas.
What is his name?
Oh boy.
Check Boy RD.
No, no, seriously, they got, what is the name of that joint?
Man, they give you portions that are enough for like 45 people, giant portions.
Oh man.
Gourmet pizzas.
I'll think of it.
I'll all I got to do it.
In fact, Google, Google, IMGM grand, while you're sitting there on your ass.
And the list of restaurants, you know what I'm talking about.
I can't believe I've had a brain fart and can't think of it.
I've been under a lot of stress all week.
Okay, it's been very stressful, but a very productive week and I'm a very happy old man.
See, one thing you know about me is that, and this is lucky, you know, there's some people
you can never please them.
You know what I mean?
They're always, what are we going to do now?
Like, very difficult to please.
I'm a very simple person in more ways than one.
I don't need to have like 8 million different things going on in my life to make me a happy
camper.
Just, you know, yeah.
1198 on the pool.
Niels Thursday's show was, oh look at that.
Thank God, 41.9% wonder 42.
I feel so refreshed.
503 didn't hear it.
It was gutsy, 150.
One of the best ever, 129.
It was okay.
119, great, but okay.
Fascinating 105.
Ponder is 56.
Crap, 42.
It was very gay.
41.
Yeah, my end, I guess.
Spectacular, 29.
I hate this full 23, 1.9%.
Heartwarming, finding out of hope.
Maybe the person that suggested that.
Finally got one.
So, I meant, they uno.
So, we'll time to uno.
Out of 1203.
We got our 1200 lick down.
Now, you got the MGM grand on there?
I got a list of stuff.
I mean, I don't know what the hell.
Ah, gee, am I going to have to do this?
Come on.
Now, you usually are pretty good on this Google and stuff.
Yeah, I got all of the restaurants in the MGM in front of me.
I just don't know where to.
Read them.
Read them.
Give me the list.
Okay, I'm going down the line here.
Okay, go ahead.
Crap steak.
Never heard of it.
Crap steak.
Nob Hill.
Pearl.
Yeah.
Sea blue.
Emrolls, which I've eaten.
Emrolls, oh, Emroll, a gassy.
Ooh, man.
Mark Miller grill room.
Yeah.
Wolfgang puck.
That's it.
Wolfgang schmuck.
I mean, not from anywhere with Wolfgang puck.
I've heard of it.
I said Italian.
It is an Italian restaurant.
Wolfgang schmuck.
It's a little paragraph on it.
No, you don't know.
From Wolfgang puck, he has like frozen gourmet pizzas.
And he's a very famous chef.
Oh, for me.
Yeah, that's right.
Pizza.
In fact, he might run into Moe out there.
Moe when you go.
Yeah, I'm thinking of maybe heading out there
like early next year.
Because I got to go to that place out in the...
What is that red canyon?
Whatever that place is.
Redneck canyon?
I don't know what that is.
You'll have to ask your buddy, Jacob,
when you're smoking a fountain with him.
But I have to go out there and squat on that big rock
and get my picture taken.
I don't know what this is about that picture.
But it's just so...
It should be a postcard, don't I mean?
Even forgetting.
Even...
Nevermind.
Well, you know what it's like.
Well, it's like...
I got into squatting.
Yeah, squat on this.
Well, how's he doing, by the way?
When his last time he had him on?
I forget.
He's doing well recently.
He's doing well.
As well.
That's good.
That's excellent.
Hope you're doing well, Stodzo.
You deserve it.
You deserve a wonderful life.
And his wife works like crazy.
And he sits on his ass all day watching cartoon.
And his wife is very nice.
His wife is sweetheart.
Yes, she is.
She comes up to your kneecap, but that's beside the point.
Well, you know, one thing about that couple,
they're little people.
They match.
Yeah, Pam.
Pucket sized.
Pam and so is.
And it's like, sometimes you'll see some big, big tall guy
and some little shrimpy woman.
Or you'll see some big tall broad
and with like a jockey, you know, for a husband.
Yeah, like us.
And you wonder, yeah, like you and your wife.
That's right, your wife is a big lady
and you're like a little midget.
And of course, maybe that's it.
It's only something in the first place that you never see.
I never know.
I never know.
But never know.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, it's funny.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Billy Baby.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations.
Great show yesterday.
I thought it was very hard warming.
Hard warming is a good word for it.
It warmed my, the cockles of my heart.
I can believe that.
And I can't believe so many people didn't hear the show
or the classic.
I know 42% almost of the odds didn't hear it.
Well, that's wayco.
That's a real shame.
Well, any event, don't lose to my son Saturday.
Okay, thank you, Sally.
Bon.
Yes, what by Wednesday.
I hope that the blonde broad is here again.
Oh, I'm tired of people whining to me.
Okay.
I have plenty of losing days there, man.
I lose my ass.
And it doesn't, it doesn't place me.
And I'm not going to wind to people I know about it, you know.
But I'm not going to wind to strangers.
Oh, gee, these things are killing me.
I'm losing two grand there, you know, like that.
Well, what do they care?
They got, see, everybody who's gambling has their own problems,
their own issues.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
They got their own deal going.
Now, when you win something good, like the other day,
when that bitch is, I mean, very nice lady sitting there,
two machines away from me, nobody in between.
And I hit the two grand on the line.
And the bell goes off, you know, and like sitting there, you know,
once you had a jackpot, it doesn't disappear.
It just stays there until they come and pay when it's a bit, you know, over 1,500.
And so it's sitting there and the bell's going off and the lights going.
So, you know, there it is.
So it's not like I get up and I was, hey, look at that.
I just hit two grand.
You know, I just don't do that kind of stuff.
I mean, if it's somebody that I know, like one of my lady friends there,
remember the first time I said that?
Yeah.
But my lady friends are with me.
And right away, oh, gee, you heard that.
Neal's got a lady friend.
Not that kind of lady friend's okay.
What do you think everybody who you're friendly with is somebody you're going to like hop on their bones?
Is that a problem?
I think it's a problem.
I sure is healthy.
I'm scared to hell off some of you people.
By the way, you're going to leave me in their will?
Why don't they leave me in their will?
I've been there for years.
Nobody, nobody ever, in fact, my mother didn't leave me in her will,
because I insisted that she didn't, because I already owned her condo
and I made nice profit on by the way.
But, you know, I told her, leave it to my brother.
He needs it worse than I do.
Wasn't that very nice to me?
And generally, I don't know how much she had.
Maybe that was a mistake.
Three people now say that the show yesterday was heartwarming.
In fact, look at that.
I'm putting my hand on my heart right now, and I can almost feel something.
The biggest name, the best talent, the fastest wheel-rotter.
Right, those 4th-ready 0560s.
You AM.
It's Friday.
You were, Steve.
Come on, girl.
You have to give it up.
You got the chance to make it to the new brand.
Oh, no, I can't play that one.
I cute up the wrong bit.
Oh, that's got the V word in it more than one.
It's a little bit more than Joyce, I think, is prepared to handle today.
It's got the V, you know, like victory, V-perfectory.
On any rate, that's what a great segue, though.
Britney says, on any rate, Jacob says, Joe's a good guy.
He's his next neighbor.
And that was Joe City, was his next neighbor?
That's right.
That's what they both said.
And I emailed back and said, even George likes him, he must be a good guy.
Because you're such a heartache.
That's right.
After admitting a media firestorm, I'm flashing, repairing a lack of underwear to the paparazzi.
Britney Spears is finally on the end of the story.
It's chopped off.
Oh, no.
That's bad.
What are these days?
It's been something I'm never going to do that.
If I have to go through all that, every time I put on a story, it's just too much crap.
It's not.
It is.
It's less than you're going through now.
Yeah.
It's been so long since I've been out on the town with friends.
The singer writes in a posting yesterday on her website, poor little Britney.
Oh, poor baby.
It's also been two years since I even celebrated my birthday.
Every move I make of this bunch has been managed, magnified more than I expected.
It will weigh too far.
She says I went a little too far.
Anyway, thank God for Victoria's sequence in New Underwear.
I look forward to a new year, new music and a new May.
She's got her new Victoria's Secret Underwear line.
What's the problem?
I think every straight guy in the world will want to see that.
Now, I'm not so sure.
Want to see it?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Oh, and?
Spears of mother of her two young son celebrated her 25th birthday December 2.
She's been unleashing her inner wild child since divorcing her husband of two years.
Her recent nights, I don't want to hear about Lindsey Lohan, Phil Schulton, and these are people
I just, I don't want to know from them, I don't want to hear about them.
They're just not of any interest to me.
Sorry.
I have no interest to this old queen.
Sorry, very much.
Bad.
I don't know.
56670560, pound 560.
You have a look on the calendar and see what an ochanuka is.
I'm playing these Hanukkah bits, but I don't hear anything about Hanukkah.
Because it's a gauze of health as the Chinese say.
Too many gauze, man.
That's what Alan Finkelson used to tell me, Rest in Peace.
Now, there was a great guy.
Did you ever meet Alan?
Alan Finkelson once?
Yeah.
I think it starts next week.
What does it say if they're done?
Yeah, the 15th Friday.
Really?
No, so it's almost Tannuka, man.
Hanukkah.
Get out there in the North, can't a horror and light a few candles.
Light a candle for Jesus.
I'm sorry.
It's just, I don't know.
Isn't it the coincidence that all these big major holidays occur at the same time?
You know, Christmas and Hanukkah almost at the same time?
Easter and pace off, pass over at the same time?
Must be just the coincidence, don't you think?
No.
I don't know.
Everybody's got to have a little something to play with, yeah?
Every time.
Dreadle, we got to play the Dreadle song.
I hate that.
Yeah, it's a Dreadle song.
No, I played it just yesterday, right?
No.
Played differently.
No, it just long and it kills a lot of good time.
56670560, pound 560, and the Verizon and Singular.
Wireless line on a fabulous Friday.
Boy, all the Fridays that we've ever had, I don't know why, but this one, I just need this Friday.
All this week is gone by fast enough like almost like a nervous breakdown.
WNQAM, hello.
I'm from New York, how are you, sir?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
Hey, George, listen.
You think you got a mad at it?
I got to tell you.
My wife is Puerto Rican and Jewish, so not only did we celebrate Hanukkah.
We celebrate.
Yeah.
And I'm lucky if I get it once a month, let alone that.
And so my son, San Alist, at seven years old is well over $1,000.
But with that being said, you got Christmas and then her birthday is January 12th.
Yeah, so.
Wow.
With that being said, as well, I laugh when people like Britney Spears, and whoever else,
all I have and celebrate it a bad day and all these other stuff.
Did you hear Britney Spears?
I lost my sleep every night and Neil, I just got to tell you, I love you.
I've listened to you for years.
I'm only a little whipper snapper like Joshua over there, but I've been listening to you for as long as I can hear words.
But just so you know, all this other stuff with these other channels, it doesn't even compete.
And all about sports and all this and that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, pop pop pop pop.
I'm happy to move, but about, yeah.
It's just beyond ridiculous.
I have a question for you, though, Neil.
I guess you're right.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
When was it that you decided to be the smart one to get the heck out of South Florida, rip that rear view mirror and never look back?
When was it?
Yeah, five years ago.
Oh, right.
Take it easy, guys.
Okay, right.
Good luck, Paulie.
Good luck with that bitch.
I mean, I dumped the bitch right now, but nevertheless, now maybe she's just a very nice person, okay?
Maybe she's a kid.
Maybe they're really in love.
I mean, that could be just because people are in love, doesn't mean they don't have issues, you know?
Do it right?
But then again, there's you and your wife.
233...
Well, 130 votes.
And we're back to 42.1%.
Didn't hear the show yesterday.
Boy, that's really a shame.
I really feel bad for you, people, man.
You would have been just on pins and needles.
You'd have been on the edge of your seat.
You'd have been just emotional.
Maybe they don't want to be an emotional wreck.
I don't know.
Governor Bill Richardson, Democratic New Mexico, is told the universe Fox News that he's running for president in 2008.
That's what they said.
That was the story they put on.
But then come to find out, according to Ross Dury, that Fox News incorrectly reported that he was running and he's not.
I've dealt with issues that are very important today, National Security Immigration Energy Richardson said,
and that he felt his Latino heritage will help us campaign.
I'm running as an American who's proud to be Hispanic and yadda yadda yadda, but of course come to find out that it was incorrect.
Because Richardson's office since denied that he appeared as candidacy, it's a Fox News or to anybody else.
So they just make it up as they go along in Fox News.
Unfair, unbalanced and full of crap.
230 votes, we already just did that.
But I'm just the thing about the 42.1%.
That is just, I've said that even the audience out there just shell shocked.
Because we've been doing these polls for how long? About 200 years now?
Yeah.
I think that, when did I start doing the shows here? Was it March?
Yeah.
See, I came up here, you want me to recall that whole episode about the re-extending my deal and hold the ungrig weighted.
I was coming up here for the weekend and great weighted until 1230, which is what I was leading.
You were doing 1230 to 2.
And he waited till like 1220 to come in there to give me to sign the thing, like a schmuck like he is.
And then I come up here and I had a find a place so they could put a studio in here.
I was going to buy a place and I was very lucky. Just a miracle that I found this.
So I actually rented the place in November five years ago.
And then I started doing the shows in March.
So in March it'll be my 31st anniversary. It'll be five years doing most of the shows from Toronto.
Although now all of the shows, if anybody thinks I'm doing any shows down there, I've never...
I told Joe that and he said, okay.
You can do the show from wherever you want. Do it from your agency.
Five, six, seven, I could do it from my home in plantation.
Have a guest for lunch every day. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
And pound five, sixty, I think, for Ryzen and Singular Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, I'm a quick just happening here. Oh, no.
I don't know why that's happening here, you know, I'm not...
But the thing comes on there. It's a novel.
The associate producer is not connected to you. I think it's on your end, as usual.
WQAM, hello.
Hola.
Not there. Not too bad. WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, finally got through. But anyway, I just want to let you know.
Like yesterday, a lot of us out there, you know, some of us got to work.
But a lot of us missed the show. So I'm sitting on ten to needles over here.
Wonder what that happened. I missed a hour. I was listening 10 to 11, about 11 to 12.
I took lunch.
Oh, and it was a bad time to have lunch, man. That was when the real heavy-duty stuff came out.
Yeah, I know it, but I can't take it anymore.
You're not even recap. Can you recap a little bit of what happened?
I'll tell you what, hang up and go to the radio. I'll recap it in 10,000 words or less.
All right, thanks.
Thanks, pal.
Okay, well, there's so many people that didn't listen for whatever reason.
From the 11 to 2 part of the show.
And what happened is that I, you know, came on a year with the embarrassing honesty and talked about an incident I had.
Because we have the MySpace page, and there was a listener who had used to come to the hockey games and the appearances and so on, named Jacob.
Who had moved off to Lakeland for, I don't know how long he was there.
And came back and was listening to the show again. A big fan. Somebody I liked a lot.
A lot.
Not a sexual friend. I didn't want you to understand that. Not a sexual situation, but just a friend. Somebody I liked.
Anyway, he got in touch with me on a MySpace thing, and we started emailing back and forth.
And then he liked, and not him, but I was the one that said, well, you know, well, we got to be good friends online.
Which you can do that, you know. Not a total stranger. Somebody I knew a little bit.
And I offered to put him as one of four people in my will when I croak, which there is a very substantial amount of cash in there.
And he disappeared. I scared him off. He was going to boil down to him.
And for like three or four days, didn't respond to my emails. My voice mail is forget about it. Didn't pick up the phone.
And I was the end of that. And it was just to turn my guts out because this is somebody I really like a lot.
And, you know, even though George thinks I'm a foolish old queen, but then I am maybe.
And so anyway, I buried the whole story on here admitting even the thing about the will, which again, most people wouldn't have the, that's why the, you know, the number one choice on the pool is gutsy.
That's why even your buddy Joe said gutsy. It was gutsy, which is rare for me, you know.
Right. In addition, which is nobody's freaking it. It's not rare for you. You do that kind of thing all the time.
I do. The pie here like stories that put. Listen, nothing more embarrassing.
Your pants is nothing like offering to put somebody in your will. That you barely even know because you're obsessed and like the person a lot.
I don't know. I went through a whole longer explanation about, you know, how I feel about people and your audio and it was a, it was a very interesting show.
If you ask me, it was great. Far be it for me to pet myself on the back, but I'm proud that I did it. And the George C. George is the one that pushed me into doing that.
I said I was going to be proud of you. I thought, nah, maybe another one. I'd be making myself look like some kind of a fool, you know, some kind of an emotional cripple.
But then again, who almost has never had a period of time when we weren't an emotional cripple, right? Right.
Like George, he's an emotional cripple all the time, but then again, it's a little weird. He's got issues, you know.
Well, I feel for you. And just because Joe said I'd do it, I'm going to leave you like couple of emotional cripple. I would have blown my brains out a long time ago.
Now I would have gone to the balcony Tuesday and jumped right off of my upper end, but it's too cold out there, man.
It's too cold to die. It's too cold to jump.
The biggest name of best talents to this is Neil Rogers for radio 560s.
You A.M.
One, two, three, four, more bombs drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, more bombs drop.
Nineteen, eleven, twelve, more bombs drop. We're going to drop the bombs around this life.
We're going to drop them bombs and they go to death.
Loose that drag right off their head. We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Out their life. We're going to bomb, going to bomb around the clock tonight.
All right.
Here's a real gun bomb. So have a blast. We're going to show fat all up your ass.
We're gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
We're gonna bomb bomb bomb bomb out there light.
We're gonna bomb, go to bomb around the clock tonight.
You pair this.
You can just stop the boys.
You should have been on the beach.
I know.
116 being at 560 W2M, Mad Dog from the Hooters Hard Rock
Cat Fiat to a clock we got the power.
I always hanging the Mad Dog together
four to five of the Humber five of seven.
And then after that, well, we got Eddie K. Ten.
In between seven and 10, I don't want to tell you.
Oh, we got Craig Mission there from Agent Nana.
How's he doing?
Anybody heard him?
No, I met him.
Josh?
No, I haven't got a chance to listen to him.
I hear there's no punches put on that show.
The governor's office is reviewing,
and I'm not gonna be forgetting this story.
I just want to say one thing about wheels.
I was just thinking about this because I, you know,
I'm never really big on that whole deal.
But I was just thinking you can put anybody you want
in your wheel.
You know, you don't have to have their permission for it
or you don't have to tell them about it.
Could be a secret.
And then when you croak, somebody get the lawyer
gets in touch with them and says,
oh, by the way, I got news for you.
So I'm just like, you $40 million or whatever, you know,
right?
Surprise.
Nobody leaves me a dime.
I'm not, I'm not asking for that
because I got plenty of cash, man.
I'm certainly not, I'm certainly not cash short.
But nobody leaves me like, you would think after
all these years, I was 31 years that some old bag
would have left me like, oh, I had that $10 million
for old meal.
He gave me so much joy and nachas, you know, like that.
When you think, you imagine, never happen.
Never freaking ever.
Not a dime.
So if there's any old parts out there who've listened to me
for a very long time and appreciated the free entertainment
and thought I was a real hoot and a holler,
leave me a few million, you know, or a few, whatever.
I'll take it and I'll share it with George and Josh.
And Jason, I'll just put a, I'll just,
in Jacob's case, I'll just put an envelope with money
on under his doorstep, you know, he'll never know where it came.
The governor's office is reviewing City Commissioner Carlton
Moore's driving habits and his behavior during a recent
traffic stop based spokesman said yesterday,
Moore was ticketed Sunday for knowingly driving on a
suspended a license.
Suspended a sentence, baby suspended the license.
The deputy's report shows that more immediately
identified himself as a city commissioner
and produced a city commissioner ID card instead
of a driver's license.
How do you like that?
Governor, Fantast Governor Jeff Bush's office is looking
into the matter based on the initial media reports said
that deputy spokesman Anthony Delawese,
I wonder if he's related to Dom, you know, Dom Delawese.
You're fairly.
Bush's office is not looking at all, I do love Fantast, so man.
You know, I was thinking about,
I was thinking about the fact that I got those emails,
which now I guess is like five and two days
for my close friend, Jacob, after he'd managed for three days.
And I was thinking about that scene in Fantast,
with Dom Delawese where he, you know,
he's having that fling with, what was her name?
Oh, I forgot.
What her name was.
And she vanishes for a couple days
because her mother got the deathly earl and bossed
into something, had to go in the hospital
and she disappeared.
And Sylvia, let's just say that her name was Sylvia
and there's that one scene, the phone rings
and Dom picks up the phone and of course it's Sylvia.
And he has the conversation and he's like,
ah, ah, ah, what have you, and he goes to junior
and he says, that was Sylvia, she wants me.
Remember that?
Right, that is such a great movie.
And Bancroff was a genius man, I love Anne Bancroff.
She was just, I would like to have had lunch with her one day
but now she's dead.
Would you like to have had lunch with Anne Bancroff?
Absolutely.
And her husband Mel Brooks.
Probably a panic.
Bush's office is not looking into the validity
of the traffic stuff itself, Delawese said.
Lydia.
Why?
Lydia.
Oh Lydia, how where did you find that?
Because you googled it.
I looked her up.
I wonder what I am.
Lydia, I was Lydia, she wants me.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Man.
Well, he had more issues than I do, that's obvious, you know.
He had some, he had some very serious,
like when he brought the Chinese food back home,
at least was supposed to remember that.
He did bring several bags full of bones and whatever.
Bush's office is not looking into the validity
of the traffic stuff itself, Delawese said,
but rather it more as possible violation of law
and driving for months on a suspended license.
Also, whether we try to get preferential treatment
when he was pulled over.
Anytime there's information presented,
indicate someone may be breaking the law
and driving on the suspended licenses indeed that,
then we take that matter very seriously, Delawese said.
Well, I know how to get you really aggravated.
Okay.
I know how to get you really agitated.
Okay, as the one always Troy,
remember Troy was always asked me to drive
one of my co-events?
Yes.
Because basically one of them just hits
in the garage 99% of the time.
And you know what, I'm there, I drive it around
to where I'm going, like to go fill my prescriptions
and go to the track and the bank and that's about it.
And of course the other one is in the possession
of somebody you're not all I find,
but nevertheless, doesn't get that many.
And neither one of them's got all hardly any miles on them.
Uh-huh.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And of course you have, you know,
you're starting an inkling of where I was going with that.
And I would never offer that, you know, anybody.
That's fine.
Although I have a big family to shut around.
A Corvette's a two-seater.
Yeah, that's right.
What kind of a hot shot would want a beautiful
Corvette to drive around a 2005?
Hey, if he don't want it, I'll tell you that.
I know, that's why I said it just to aggravate you.
From 100, I'm not making any more offers
to any more people.
Okay, I don't buy people.
I don't try to like buy their kindness, their friendship,
their, uh, whatever.
I'm not interested.
I'd like to do nice things for people that I like.
See, that's a different story.
Yeah, I see that you see the difference there.
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
Good.
42.3% now didn't hear the show.
Well, I just recapped it for an asshole I'm going to say.
And then there's no thought to say about it.
It was just a re-fretting breath of breath there.
Yes.
From this old queen.
And that's the way it is.
There's a personal thing that I laid right out there
and you can either laugh at it or find an amusing
or heartwarming.
How many heartwarming got five?
Five heartwarming.
And this time of the year, especially here.
I mean, let me see if we got anywhere near freezing.
It was cold enough yesterday to freeze your ass
to freeze your cheeks together.
Oh, look at that.
It's only minus three now.
Tomorrow we're going to get all the way up to 32
and Sunday, 45.
45 and Sunday.
Woo!
Holy moly.
Can you believe that?
So it's minus three.
What is that?
Minus one is 30.
Minus one is 30.
About 30, man.
Minus two would be about 26, 27 degrees.
And murky now.
We're sunny before and now it's murky.
Ooh.
And really cold.
So heartwarming is good this time.
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire.
Do you ever have chestnuts?
Yeah, actually.
I think we've been to this one before.
On an open fire.
I think last time I ever had chestnuts was in Boston.
It was just so lucky.
The wintertime outdoors, these guys, these huckstories,
they would have their grilled.
They'd be grilling the chestnuts.
And I have, and so many years ago,
I remember what they tasted like.
Are they good?
Yeah.
What they tasted like nuts?
Oh, I love nuts.
Yeah.
I do.
I love cashews, especially.
Now I love cashews.
I love cashews.
Mm.
Just don't eat too many nuts.
It's my favorite.
I'll just like hazelnuts and pecans.
Hazelnuts.
Now, somebody I know has got a relative who has a term.
Well, I kind of like a Michael Richards term
for hazelnuts.
I'll send you a facts and tell you what.
Oh, okay.
We can't discuss it on the air.
And you'll see probably the Brazil nuts.
No, Brazil nuts, that's what they are.
Hazeln, I don't even know what hazelnuts are.
Who are those little round ones?
Oh, yeah.
I'm thinking of Brazil nuts.
I'll see you already know that term.
Yes, I did.
Well, thank God.
That's a waste of thanks, people.
No, nobody I never heard that before in my life.
Oh, come on.
Never heard such a bigoted nasty all over this kind of thing.
WDQ-Y-N, hello.
Oh, not there on two.
That's bad for you.
Good luck for me and bad for you,
if you don't get Santino to make that deal.
WDQ-Y-N, hello.
You're beautiful.
I'm here.
WDQ-Y-N, hello.
Hello, I am.
It was in Dom Deloys in Canemal, Rungland.
Yes.
He was in every movie that the Burmese was in just about,
except for Booby Nights.
Hey, I'm, can you print the chopping sound for me?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
There you go.
Okay, hope we made you day for it, pal.
Here's the guys easy.
You know, he's easy.
I have no lie.
We understand.
1259, you think we can get to 1300 by 2 o'clock?
Wow, that would be a major accomplishment.
Climbers were coming again one day and say,
great going, guys.
He almost said it was a good show yesterday.
Didn't say that.
I don't need him to say that, because I know it was.
Wasn't a good show, it was great.
But he almost said that, but he said,
boy, he's enjoyable.
I was a very funny show.
And they say, very funny.
He thought it was funny.
Yeah, see what I mean?
That's because he's a hard-hearted,
he's becoming a single corporate hard-hearted,
duty bag, you know.
A variable cross-favorite.
Like that.
Boy, that day when he came on either last Friday or Monday,
when he was doing the updates,
his fourth set, they went,
Ken wasn't there that day and there was clearance.
Got a scary a little bit.
Yeah, remember that?
You heard it.
I almost jumped off the chair.
What was that, you know?
A little over-modulation, baby.
Over-modulation in the station.
So we need a little regeneration.
Although sometimes I'm just not too patient.
But anyway, 1260 again.
There's that WALM.
I'm going, I'm leaving now.
It's been a real treat these 30 years plus
and I'm going to Albion Michigan.
What do you think?
Okay?
Not.
I remember the place where I lived
and there was a smoke,
there was like a factory across this street.
Albions are very small town,
but like really industrial with a lot of pollution.
And it was like this factory across the street
and my little apartment there in this smoke.
The smoke used to just blanket the outside of the windows,
you know, and you could feel that it was seeping
through the inside of the windows
and the apartment you were like gagging on it, you know?
So there's another little piece of information for you.
When I was in Albion Michigan, I was gagging on it.
Oh, and it wasn't pleasant.
263 votes on a pool of five,
say yesterday show his heart warming
and that warms the cockles of my heart, it really does.
Makes me feel like, oh, you mean,
like Joe said in that email to you.
Seems like Joe and you and Jacob Eddle
something going there with that, you know,
dooby dooby dooby.
We could probably kill some time.
I would think that this for you
would probably have a really good time together,
sitting on this tube,
or maybe sitting on a big boulder out there somewhere.
Similar to that.
You probably find a big boulder out there somewhere
and brown when you think,
or make it smolder.
As I get older, the more I look for a big boulder.
It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
My friends won't let me join in any game.
And I can't think Christmas songs
or decorate a Christmas tree.
Or leave water out for a root
all cause there's something wrong with me.
Oh, my people don't believe in Jesus Christ.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I'm singing new hafto copy.
And what the fuck is that word,
lighting up a fucking candle, tell me please?
I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew.
I can't be married,
cause I'm a Jew on Christmas.
My...
Here's a little boy I couldn't help but hear.
He's feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
And I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
Cause it's nice to be a Jew on Christmas.
Absolutely, you don't have to deal with the things at all.
You have to be on your best behavior or give to charity.
You don't have to go to Grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
I don't have to, you know, so make sure that it's nice and have a baby,
because it's nice on me.
That's right, you're a Jew.
I'm styling you.
It's a good time to be a Jew on Christmas.
On Christmas.
Especially if you're in retail.
Well, that's it.
I thought at the end, it says,
Merry Christmas, I can't play for sure.
Why not?
Believe me.
Because they believe that.
When you tell, I'm going to say it again.
I listened to it in Q. Yesterday, there is not a
China-Minds chance in Perkator.
I'm going to play that until we...
Maybe I'm going to do a clean up version for me.
Listen, you know as well as I do the old days and the bleeps that we put in.
They were fine back in the day, you know?
But now that we got the day of the newly-
Ball Z FCC and the newly un-ball Z-Joyce,
we have to really go the whole nine yard.
Just tell you right now, unless you want to pay the fine.
I got it right here.
Yeah, but you do.
Put it in the bag, send it over to your buddy.
He'll send you back a fat one.
274 hosts on the pool.
Neil show yesterday was sensational, man.
It was really great.
It was an emotional topsy-turvy upside-down cake.
Pineapple upside-down cake.
At least the one good thing, I didn't go crazy eating, you know?
I didn't have that dulce de la lache bag.
That stuff is...
You know, it's like...
It's not a bad thing.
It's a burger for him.
It's too sweet.
Yeah, I was just going to say that.
And you know me, I like sweet.
Oh, I like sweet.
But anyway...
It's just...
It's watery.
How can Daz's wise scream is watery?
Yes, it is.
Now I will say this though.
When I go to Berlin, right on the Kudam,
you know, they coofrished in down the main...
main drag.
Where I stay all the time.
There's a Hagen Daz ice cream parlor.
And in Berlin, they have all these really neat, like, wide sidewalks, you know,
and they're all these places where you can sit and watch the pedestrians go by.
And that's why I do.
I'll go in there and get a couple of scoops of whatever Hagen Daz.
And sit there.
I want their chairs out.
So I want their umbrella for the tables.
And just watch all the people go by.
I'm going to say, people watching in Berlin
is enough to make your jaw drop to your toenails.
Whatever cranks your chain, baby.
Berlin.
It's just beyond description.
And of all that, you know, I've been in Stockholm and in Helsinki and the places where,
you know, Amsterdam a million times in Rome.
Now, seeing Rome, it's interesting.
Now, when it was tell me that you were obsessed with all the...
Roman history, huh?
Roman history, all that stuff.
But you never been there.
I've been there probably about 40, 50 times.
Do I have an option?
What do you mean by that?
Hey, maybe that's it, Josh.
Maybe what I croak, what I'm going to do is I'm going to have airplane tickets for you guys.
And you guys...
Hey, I'm Lacey.
Have you had a passport?
I don't.
I could get one.
I wanted to get one last year and then I realized it's like 150 bones.
I was like...
Oh, I would have taken care of that for you.
Well, I'll say it a beggar.
I'll call you next time when I'm in the problem.
So what is wrong with that?
And I'm talking about your plane ticket.
But I sure would have covered the passport if you're such a...
If you're such a schlepper, they can't afford to...
Listen, you guys, including my other good personal friend who don't have passports.
I remember what you're thinking about.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm going to have to have that only 10 or 15% of all Americans have got a passport.
See, maybe you're not going anywhere right now, you know?
But maybe all of a sudden the opportunity comes up.
And then if you got your passport, you don't have to go through a big amount of games.
Right.
You don't have to wait weeks to get in the mail or apply for an overnight one.
You got it.
You're right.
If you decide that you have a passport already.
I was close, but I didn't have like...
I don't have an original birth certificate.
So that was the biggest problem.
I wasn't about to call the state of California and go through that process.
Why not?
Because it's the most bad one in the US.
And it would have took at least a month or two months.
So how do you like that?
So when your driver is to take your ass to Amsterdam in a few months.
I mean, he's going to promise I wouldn't tell him to take it.
The part that doesn't talk.
Oh, that's what you think.
Oh, man.
Surprise.
I guess you forgot that South Park Obra rubber.
Probably even 76 votes.
You know what I was going to read them all.
Just heartwarming is six.
Still waiting last place.
Heartwarming.
Gay, 53.
You see the way I have to move it up to you.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Whatever you say, rhymes with gay.
Guess what?
Biggest bullet in here.
How's ethics panelists plan to make an announcement at two o'clock?
Only 23 minutes from now.
According to Roth's story.
It's widely believed that the fully investigation in Pearl will be over.
I'm not going to release it at that time.
How do you like that?
The Mark Foley Fag investigation.
I'm out.
I do this afternoon.
Miss Foley.
Well, there you go.
I told you she was a streamer and you didn't want to believe me.
And I put you Charlie Chris with another flamer.
And you don't want to believe that either.
He's your governor now coming in January.
Gay governor with white hair.
And a lovely complexion.
But nevertheless.
Whatever you like, okay.
That's what you want.
That's your idea of another governor.
A phony, hypocrites, BS, phony.
I say, let's make Joe governor.
Your buddy, Joe.
Okay.
He seems like a good guy.
Yes, he is.
He knows you.
He knows Jacob.
He knows me.
He's a big fan.
The hard work of men.
Yeah.
Sinny Sheen writes, breakfast with Dennis Kusinich.
I don't think I got time to read to give this.
See, I don't like, no, it's very long.
Oh my God.
It goes on and on.
I don't have time for it.
Paul Krugman, they told you so I have time for that.
So that's what happens when you get bogged down all this other interesting stuff
which it was.
Interesting, amusing.
At least, you know, a little change of pace, man.
A little change of pace.
Change it off, baby.
Throw them a change of.
Throw them a freaking curve.
Don't just sit there reading a bunch of ponderous stuff that nobody cares about.
They much rather hear about all your emotional breakdowns and about Georgia's
mirrored, diffugalities and all this other stuff.
And about how Josh is so broke he can't afford 160 bucks to apply for a freaking passport.
Even a homeless schlepper can do that.
See, I don't understand.
Was it the money or was it the fact that you had to go through the song and then get the burst of it?
A combination of both.
In other words, either one was a good excuse to be lazy and not going through and give them.
Hey, man.
I'm telling you, man.
I'm going on vacation Monday.
So I'm happy about that.
I didn't.
You see that?
Talk about an in grade.
Didn't I just make him a very magnificent?
This is twice this thing I've gotten turned down.
I'm flattered.
No, hey, I'll take you up on it.
Okay.
I'll go get a passport as soon as I get my original birth certificate.
Okay.
Why?
You let me know when that is.
And I'll say that might be the passport application.
I'll let that go.
Because I'm a generous, wonderful guy.
Okay.
I'm not coming down there to take you to lunch.
Who now needs to take you to lunch.
Not that I don't like you, but it's just, you know, remember I need more meals.
The lunch, George.
Yeah, that's right.
Not taking anybody to lunch that I don't want to take the lunch.
Probably he needs three votes on a pool.
We got 13 every lick, man.
If there's one thing that makes it hit me happy, I know when I got it licked.
Hi, this is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Danny, the drunken actor.
He's a little short ball guy.
Who stayed a fast, his bedtime.
Cause he led George Clooney by.
He had some limb and shellows.
Caught himself a healthy buzz.
He went to be on the fuel.
Where he thought it was cool to cause.
They knew Danny was really smashed.
When David O. said,
Rosie, you are such a delight.
Won't you be in my date tonight?
Now we're all laughing at him.
Like Britney's like a panties.
Danny, the f**k, thanks that scared.
Another crush, a levertee.
144, 16, 0, 2, a 292 votes on a pool.
We got that 13 hundred lick, baby.
No swesky.
5, 6, 7, anything we want to take some really great calls here to lunch to 15 minutes?
Well, Danny, are you out there?
They're going to be fantastic.
Hey, listen, if you wanted to be left in my word, you'd make a great call.
You'll see.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 and leave Verizon's singular wireless line.
WBQYM, hello.
Hi, is this George?
Who you calling?
Yeah, George.
Hi, George.
I just wanted to call, I did hear you show and I thought it was very touching.
But I also think that, you know, don't want to say much about how you can give you money to win your crocs.
Why don't you just give away what you can now, talk to good tax attorney, and you could be as generous as you want.
It would still have a great life.
Okay, but you ain't getting any high, sorry.
What are I give away as much as I can now?
Like I'm not doing that?
Like I don't support the whole universe?
What is she talking about?
What she thinks she's talking to you anyway?
Guess what, honey, George ain't got any money to give away and I'll give it to whoever I want to.
Yeah, I'll leave you like debt when I die.
That was cute.
At any rate, yeah, I'm just going to give it all away right now.
In fact, I'm going to wood buying right now and I'm going to do it.
Listen, listen, man, I'm going to stay there until I have nothing left.
Nothing I can access my entire portfolio, but I'll find a way.
Somebody's going to wreck that vet if you keep talking like that.
You are just relentless and hostile.
It's amazing to me.
Amazing to me.
See, the audience should know this.
One of my close personal friends who lives down there, George hates like poison,
because it's the one who said that he thinks George talks behind my back.
He said that a long time ago.
Based on nothing.
And you have never forgotten that.
Okay, that's just what I don't forget.
I don't forget to be overprotective and not be overprotective.
Making stuff up.
I believe it.
Do I agree with it?
It doesn't matter.
Why would he say something like that?
I never said anything like that.
Because he's just who knows?
Because he's a bastard.
That's why.
He doesn't like you, maybe.
Maybe he's a lot of...
Well, whatever.
The feelings mutual now.
I'm sorry, I stuck up for him all the time.
I'm sorry, I actually did that.
But it's just my strange sense of humor.
You know me.
So I'm going to just...
In fact, I'll tell you what, everybody line up at the door at the station.
I'm going to be down there in a couple of hours and I'll just start giving money away.
How's that?
Bring a tin cup.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
I'll just lock it up.
One fifty.
There you go.
It's all requested holidays between the time of the year.
That's a good idea.
It kills them in great time.
And here are the same ten bits.
You have the Yuling the Ear and the Bridge Tender over and over.
What do you say?
All right.
And then the endless looper, of course, my favorite.
It's a beautiful thing.
Anyway, just to show you
this whole thing about the will and everything because you're so skeptical and so cynical
about people, especially people I like.
I am.
And the first email message I got from my good friend Jacob today, it says, I'm not going
to read the whole thing, it says, you know, sorry to have started this, but it seems to have
made a great show for you.
One of the best.
I think it was great to show him.
And of course, because I was talking about him.
It says, I did catch him, Schmidt from some of my friends, but nothing big, they loved
it.
They all believe that I'm stupid, but I know I'm doing the right thing.
See how do you like that?
In other words, he doesn't want my, and not looking for my generosity, not looking to
take advantage of my foolishness and my old emotional gain is, and whatever the hell it
is, he's a good guy.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
And if your buddy Joe, see, the reason you're saying that is because Joe told you that.
Why?
Because he said he's a good guy and he used to sit and smoke a big family together and
whatever.
I mean, that's why you like him because he's got that big family role for you right now.
You can make up some excuse, sure.
Yeah, well with you, there's always got to be some reason.
Right.
It's the season for some kind of silly reason.
From 99, oh my God, this last couple of races made up for another one is extremely debilitating
week.
Debilitating.
Know what that means?
No, tell me.
No, tell me.
From 9th.
I'm just calling time while I'm refreshing it again.
Oh, I see.
See if it flips over to 1300.
There's a lot of suspense in it and it isn't doing it.
You know, they do that to me all the time.
It's almost like they're working in concert, you know, in concert at the Macarena, the near
Roger's audience playing with his emotions.
And that's because they know I'm an emotional cripple anyway.
A wreck.
It's still 12.
What do you got on your thing there?
How many do you got?
Loading 1229.
Oh wait, 1299.
Oh man.
It's going to keep, I keep, and this thing has been zooming up there and now I want that
1300 both so badly, I can almost taste it.
Something anyway.
And still I'm refreshing and refreshing and refreshing and it's not doing anything.
Not still 1299 no matter what we do.
I think maybe Eric is playing with me now.
He probably shut it down.
He probably jammed that baby right off.
Oh, there it is.
1300.
Oh, that was an amazing exercise there, you know.
That was very arduous.
I think I'm going to have a relapse.
Maybe I need some venengeries.
I'm going to be very honest with you know what a big venengerie is fan I am.
But they've come up with some new flavors in the last couple of years that really suck,
you know.
I haven't noticed.
Craft.
Why, you don't eat any?
I try not to.
I mean, you know how I am with ice cream and like that.
And so I'll see you all be in my supermarket with not having any intention of buying that.
But then I'll see something like a new flavor.
I'll think, oh boy, and you read the label and it sounds really great because they, they're
very descriptive in the way they describe all the crap that's in there.
And you bring it home and nuke it and it's like, yeah, this is very good.
What's the big tennis with this, you know, what's the big deal with this crap?
Disappointing.
I really believe fish food was the end of the line for them.
That was the, and I don't see that anywhere.
You know what, that's really good too because just like the dual CD, a laser well bag, it's
a very, a sicklingly swan.
Rich.
Sicklingly sweet.
Oh, and I got off the thing in Hagen does talking about Berlin again.
I have a lot of very fine memories of Berlin.
Believe me, one in particular, but many, many, many, it's just a great place, fantastic
city, and they have Hagen does.
Isn't that reason to get your passport?
Oh, yeah.
We'll all go to Berlin and we'll all pick out on Hagen does.
Get that hearing.
So much of Hagen does.
The business will be your Rochester's most radio 560s.
UAM.
It's day.
But you can buy any child.
Oh, right.
And by 6O WQA.
We had a quiet revolution, but not like in the past.
You have to get off your badass for that.
Now please, Miss Laura, concentrate.
You shall as we used to do.
And give us our civil right back.
Now that we got rid of the neoconcrousers, the Democrats better sit down and get you
to work.
And that was going to be a rat.
A rat.
A rat.
That was going to be a rat.
A rat.
Administration's got us.
You did.
We love it.
It's new.
And they made us say that around the world.
They gave us all the boils.
New waves are going to pay for all of you.
A pale body of living with that.
Now get them all those are random, I'll ask you a scream.
You got it with beach to make the job complete.
Oh, and they're best we're going to be.
Oh, fat.
All right.
Oh, fat.
Oh, fat.
Eat.
Oh, fat.
Oh, fat.
Oh, fat.
Oh, fat.
Cut the line.
Bye, bye, bye.
