For three or radio is one that you've already made!
That's a good one!
Ah!
You're insane!
And hope does your heart say you're a big hit
And a boy who will achieve your life to come to the tree
With heaven with the Judgment for these three
Three years to leave
Don't care so we wonder why the hell are the earth
With those hands and hands we are
You're fair!
He said they'd cease by the dawn
What's wrong?
Neobahn's true, you're over here
Let your spare hair be born
Welcome for your insane
And say that's the best for a lesson
You'll all say
In your sight, you'll see that
It's you, but you're a man of death
For mother's grief, with hands
Besides up in the desert
You'll see that's the best for a lesson
You're insane!
You're insane!
Huh?
Shoot me, you fuck too wall!
What?
Oh no, 10 or 3 at 5, 60, WQA and Boyd, sure was interesting here in Tony's cigarette oil
And his old voice this morning, wasn't it?
Huh?
Sounds very old
And then I'm sure in that list of all the people he was thanking, he mentioned Iroh Windbag again
Hey, am I wrong?
Joshua was that business all over?
I thought they wanted a championship
Yeah, they did, man
What else he's still doing on the air for Christ's sake?
Well, they're going to talk about that till the season starts again
Till the cows come home?
That's right
Jesus Christ, man, get that Iroh Windbag off our station
Don't you understand? He's like a noose around our neck
I once worked on a station called WNews
Anyway, wait until you hear this
Because Eric screwed up real bad, Eric wants to apologize right off the bat
Because I faxed in the pool again 400 times yesterday
And finally, around 8.30 last night, he finally decided to get his fat ass in in gear
And get back from the parliament house and he put the pool up, but you couldn't hold on it
You could see it, it's an oldie but goodie and of course we're going to add like a million names to it
But you couldn't hold on it
Now I could have called him in home, but I didn't want to go through that hole
I don't know
In the summertime especially, you just don't want to call somebody home and bugging them off stuff like this
Would you call him?
Yeah
I wouldn't, I don't want to hear
Whoa! That sound, he gets very upset
At any rate, so the pool didn't get on until 8.30 this morning
So we don't have our usual fantastic number
So we haven't got any chance to get a thousand during the show today
And that's Eric's fault, nice going Eric
But the one thing that may save us is that there's a zidia name to add on there
To this pool about people who died affecting you the most
For example, see I'm doing things a little bit out of order today
That's because I want to get this kick at old style
Because just 2005 and 2006, because we did a poll last about two, three years ago probably I would say I would guesstimate
Okay
Well let's see, 2006 already is only June 29
Louis Rookhizer died
And John Camp Galbraith, we're not putting them on there
Casper Weinberg died, Ole Cassini died
Slabio Milosevic died, well a boom boom jeffery on died
We're not putting any of them
Kirby Puckett, do we want to put him on there?
Kirby Puckett
Josh, it's up to you
No
Darren McGavin, there's one for George
They'll check the night stalker
He died February 25, the age of 83
Ain't stalking the streets of Chicago, no more looking for all the supernatural or hibi jubis
Yeah, I'm still bereaved
No, we don't want to put him on there
Dennis Weaver though, do we want to put him on?
He was in McLeod and he was also in a great movie called...
What was it called?
Oh, I know it
When the trucker was chasing him
Uh-huh
Dual, that's it
Good job
That was his Steven Spielberg movie
Yes, it was
I think that was his first known movie
Dual, that was his...
Dennis Weaver, let's get him on there
Don Nots died, who kind of reminds me a little of Suds Coleman
Suds is still alive, but you never know from that picture you put on there
Where he looks really old in there
He looks almost as old as Tony Siguero sounds
At least I don't sound old anyway, you know?
I am, I'm very old
But I don't sound...
Do I do I sound old?
No, you don't sound old
Well that's right
What a bastard man
You are brutal
Don Nots, you got it?
You got it
Well I don't want to go through this hole, I mean, I don't want to kill the first half
I want to show it, but just put more names on it, pull it away, I haven't even got to...
Your pull result from yesterday
And you did work yesterday by the way, I did
By the way, is anybody nowhere to ride Stratford in?
We have a law sales hole at QAM
I just want Steve Wolf to know that I'm on top of this situation, getting your spot on here
Because Trest's record is like, uh...
A wall, he is nowhere to be found, he's not answering his cell phone, he's not in a building
Maybe he's like out there with Fatboy looking for a new job
You think?
Don Nots
What about Kurt Gaudy?
Who?
Great sportscaster, he died in February 20th, age of 86?
Kurt Gaudy
Come on, even you know who Kurt Gaudy was
Who?
Put him on there
That's somebody that Josh probably knows how to spell
Let's see you RT
Peter Venturi died, he was in the author of JAWS
Don't put him on there though
No way, he nobody cares about Peter Venturi, are you crazy?
What about Betty Friedan?
I mean, she was a great defeminist, no don't put him on
Al Lewis, let's put Al Lewis on there for all the Howard Stern people
and all the monster people
That was Grandpa
Yes it was
He had a wife, you know, did he?
I didn't know that
Al Lewis
Well, it was for show
Coretta Scott King was about to put here on there for the dark folks
What?
Are you sure?
Coretta Scott King
She died January 31st, she was 78th, Al Lewis died February 31st, 1882
February 31st was a bad month for dying famous people
Chris Penn, I don't remember if we even talked about that
Wasn't he Sean Penn's younger brother?
That's right
He was known in reservoir dogs, which sure you keep telling me don't watch it
Don't buy it, don't see it
But what did you put the age of 40?
Must have been a drug thing, I think he was only 40
I think it was
Tony Fransiosa, he was in the name of the game, the series
He was a very fay actor, I don't know
He died January 19th of the age of 77
I didn't ever like him, he was very feminine
I'm not saying he was like gay, that
You know who that was, Tony Fransiosa?
Shelley Winners, let's put her on there
Are you out here Josh?
He's getting it
Yeah I got it
Shelley Winners, we miss her right?
Oh come on, just because she was fat is that what you're going to start in now?
No, because she was old and she was in those old movies
January 14th, 1885
No, she was in one good movie, I can't think of what a one
It was a sighted adventure
No, and she wasn't very good enough
Lou Rawls, the day of January 6th, 1872
I'm just leaving this open for you to consider
Now those are just the 2006 ones
Wait till we get to 2005
But before that, let's...
Oh we got some trends, we got two-thirds of the pretty important stuff
No, no, we're not getting to that yet, I'm holding that, that's the piece of resistance band
I'm holding that in the bands
And they really suck
By the way, I have a bulletin for the people of South Florida sports talk radio in South Florida is officially dead
It's dead, finished, done
She died?
By done, yeah
Thursday, June 29th, you can mark that down in the count
You can write it on your wrist like a memento
Well speaking of movies and memento and all of that
I got... what are these people calling for now?
122AM, hello
One had names
Oh, is that it? We're not doing that yet, QAM
Hello
No
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Sound like somebody strangled them just before it could like blurt it out
I'll be damned
Yeah, I wonder what this was, QAM greeting line, hello
Okay, like I said, I thought maybe it was like a real column, maybe it was something we didn't know about
Anyway, I'm going to give you an alert right now, moving that you want to be desperately assured of miss
And that's jury, that's with the G-E-R-R-Y
As a matter of fact, I think the Y
Y
It's the most important, but of course it's Gus Bansant, is the director, which you tell you a lot
It does
For some reason, I'm looking
And if you go to IMDB and read the reviews, you know that most of the people that are doing the reviews are
Yeah, they're just all got the hops because Matt Dillen was in there
I mean, Matt Damon
Matt Damon, and what's his name?
What's his name?
And anybody could have done that rule, because all they did is like, trudging, I lost it in the desert, these two good buddies
And they're just trudging along and walking and walking and walking and trudging and walking
And what would he be going to do?
Don't cry, don't cry if you're in there, they're walking
And then finally in the end, Matt Damon falls on top of his buddy there, which I guess is in the first time
And he suffocates, and we're kind of like in Cooquewsness when the chief fell on Jack Nicholson there and with a pillow
Yeah, they have a pillow there in the desert, they also didn't have any food or water
But nevertheless, and he's smothered him because he figured it would be the easiest way to put him out of his misery
Because they were going to die in the desert and then lo and behold, like a couple minutes later
Oh, there's the highway and it gets picked up by a truck or whatever, an SUV
And if he just wouldn't have suffocated for Casey there, he'd still be with us today
Nice going, Matt, you kind of like in the end of the movie you saw, tell the minister Ripley
Uh-huh
He's killing this man at Matt Damon, he's killing this, he's also got a wife now, about 80 kids
They don't know
Hop it amount like crazy Matt Damon, they ain't by buying it or not I don't believe it
12 minutes after 10, in fact the scene where he's on top of Casey F, like it doesn't look like a suffocation scene
It looks more like something out of broke ass mounting to me
And they have to tend like their legs intertwined there, there's an awful lot of stuff going on there
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, if anybody knows where Troy Stratford is, please call the police
For years now I've been telling you about a fantastic place to have a great dining experience, not just a meal
You can have a meal anywhere, you can go to a diner and get a meal
I'm talking about the melting pot, it is sensational
If you haven't been there in a while, go back take the whole gang, brighten up your summer
This is a full four-course dining experience, it starts out with a renowned cheese fondue
And they serve it to you with three different kinds of breads
We've granny Smith apples and crisp veggies, you dip them in, you dunk them in, you love them
Next comes your choice of lively salads
You aren't crazy include a combination of lobster, filet mignon, shrimp casings, sea accadiencees and chicken
Pork, duck, portabello mushrooms and lots more cooked in a well abroad
And don't forget of course the melting pots, homemade dipping sauces, that's what it's the key is, that's what it's all about
We make the fondue delicious and the experience is fun too
Here's the clincher, top it off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies
And tasting marshmallows, rolled in creche Oreos or graham crackers, whichever you like for dipping
Dip them, dunk them in, put a big smile on your face and your blood sugar will go up to at least 4,000
Only at the melting pot, stop by real soon and come to the old meal
Since your bio, you'll find a melting pot in Fort Lauderdale, Campbell, Buckebritone, Cooper City, Coral Springs and of course most prestigious North Miami Beach
This is Neil Rogers, this is 516 QA
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, Neil Rogers
You have a sweep up, the wet sand draws a subtle acting for rotating QAM staff
You, as a forehold, how would you like to join a Quack sales team?
Here is your chance to un-cash and enhance your gaze-cash informant by selling airtime for popular weightier personalities like Big O and Gaudi
Yes, imagine how easy it can be to sell sports in your face all the time
That's what we have at WQAM, believe it's an entertaining and lucrative format
Or at least me in some of the out of the list too
So come join our club, WQAM wants to cross-quest you and go a life that is with dreams of smuggling to sweaty men
So don't get left in the shower, pull down your pants right now
1017 at 560 WQAM, guess what we got at 2 o'clock? We got Evan Cohen on to the end of weekday, like right there in the middle of the week
We ruled him out between 2 and 4, Evan Cohen and his brother Marty
Then we got Curtis Stevenson for the 7-0 Mad Dog today, what's his story?
He just taken a day off today, good nice going baby
Then we got Lee Feldman, I guess that's Flea
Is what you're telling me?
That's what I hear, Flea Eldman and Craig Misch, the old Mischmash between 7 and 10
And any K from Showgirls doing his show at 10 o'clock tonight
That's our bizarre line up for you
The world's leading industrialized democracy today called on Iran to respond next week to a UN proposal concerning its nuclear program
They give him a deadline of July 5th, that was my mother's birthday, see that?
How about that killer?
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmabah, what about her name is Ahmadina Jodh, see it's not really that hard to say this guy
How about the physical kind of?
That's what I just said, Ahmadina Jodh, you are?
Said he didn't plan to be no you are
Said he didn't plan to respond to the UN proposal to the long-distance 22th
But to five permanent UN Security Council members in Germany are pressing to Iran to respond before the G-O-G-8 summit that starts July 15
We are disappointed in the absence of an official Iranian response to this positive proposal
So the statement from G-A-4 minister is quoted by the AP with respect to your clear and substantive Iranian response to these proposals at a July 15 meeting
Between European Union's Foreign Minister and Iran's nuclear negotiator, otherwise but a bane like this like that
So it works, that's what we are acting like butchering like that but
The Bane, your bloated brains will over unicely release soon
That's the way you do it
You don't monkey around with all kinds of negotiation and have argue about the shape of the table
You give them a deadline, that's it
July 5th, if you don't get with it, get to eat with it
The Bane, your bloated brains will over unicely release soon
That's the way to do it, that's my dinner job, then invite them to dinner
Okay, somebody said a pretty mercury for the pool, I would certainly go along with that, we got it, we got it
You guys Johnny Carson, here's Johnny, we got it
See a lot of these people died after we originally did this pool the first time which is good
And not good that they died necessarily but you see what I'm saying?
Because it gives us a whole bunch of other dead people
Because that just keeps going on and on my God
Every time you turn around somebody saying, I'm dying on my hands
Which website do you visit most often? That was our pool question yesterday
By the way don't forget to go to myspace.com
Myspace.com forward slash Neil God, N-I-E-L
Right? Any I-L
What do I say? N-I-E-L
I didn't say that, okay, back up, take me
I don't want to hear it, all right, anyway, listen, I got a heavy schedule, I got a lot of pressure, I got to come back again next year
I know, come on, yeah
Now listen, you can click right under our thing and where the book says A-hole, I think it's appropriate
This is myspace.com and it takes you right to that thing and there's some really nifty pictures
Amazing how many females we got on there, you know when you look at these ratings
Yeah, always the same, we don't have any women
They just haven't got any calls, they have no women
But for some amazing reason every time we want people to send pictures or participate in one of these deals
There's a bunch of women on there, there's some lazy shocking
Nice for you guys, and there's some ugly guys for me, I mean there's something for everyone
There's a little something for everybody, there might be some human people on there eventually
So just keep a hoppin on it, and if you send anything stuff rose on there, there won't be any chat room under into that
No, nothing we don't want any part of is all you desperate people who like just go out, just open a window and yell it out
I have no line
We all know it anyway, but just go ahead, kill some good time for you
Which website do you visit most often, we had a thousand, seventeen votes on your poll from yesterday
So you've got a thousand votes, although not during the show, but maybe it was during the show
No, no
I wasn't until 830 because that's when Eric finally put this other poll up there, I switched and I thought, okay, let's say
And I clicked on there and I tried to vote, and I thought boy, Eric screwed his deal up
Now I got up this morning, I came in here and I clicked and tried to vote, and I thought, Eric, you still screwed up, you fat tub
And then you got him on the stick
Which website do you visit most often, and of course you flew away, like a broom that you picked up
Neoigers.com, 359 by far, look at that, aren't we proud of that?
If just the rest of the world knew about that website, we'd have it made it
I still think it would have been a good idea, and you talked me out of it
I would have been just one bad day at Woodbuy, and I could have spent three-four grand bought it like a quarter-page ad in USA today
And just promoting our website
Can you imagine the hits we could have gotten on there, Eric might have made it up, might have gotten buying another salami sandwich
Right? Yeah, it would have been something
We could have had people listen to this show like outside of time, because if you look at these trends, man
It's not even worth, it's not worth cranking up the trends anymore if you believe these numbers
And you guys across the street, shut it off, man
Remember that sound by the Beach Boys, shut it down?
Yeah
Shut it down, that should be the theme song across the street for the seven-hour-for-the-ticket
Shut it down, just save the juice
Nearogers.com-359, porn sites, 157 porn sites
Oh my god
I think that number is probably a little bit low
My Yahoo-121 news sites, 113, that's because we got the intellectuals and the pseudom intellectuals out there who really enjoy that movie, Jerry directed by Gus Bansan
Don't waste your time with that piece of theory
And don't try to tell me that I didn't understand it or I missed something or watched it again
No, that is just so ponderous, my god
And remember the scene in the last days, the Eric Cobain thing?
Yeah
Where they're showing the front of the house and the scene, it's intramidable, it seems like it goes on forever
That's right, well, that's the thing with Matt Damon and KCF like walking through the desert
They're just walking and walking and trudging and you hear the sounds of the steps all over
And it's interesting, I never knew that the sand made so much noise when it came out of the house
Yeah, and it just goes on and on and you think, you know, sooner or later they either gonna collapse or I'm gonna collapse or something's gonna happen
And it's just tragic
Anyway, news sites, 113, thank God for the intellectuals out there, people are really give a crap
eBay 44, I hate this poll, 43, meetup.com 35, what about whatup.com?
Come and see this, myspace.com 34, hotmail 28
Oh, come on, only 28
That's it
Why is that?
Because there's so many other alternatives
Google mail 25, oh don't be doing no Google mail
Did you tell me Google is the anti-christ?
No Google is good, just the toolbar is bad?
That's correct
There's nothing wrong with a Google toolbar, I like it, I use it, it's the best one
Sure as hell beats the Alexa toolbar
Wikipedia 13, you know, I'm gonna tell you something right now that really bust my balls and my ass
Do you know that I'm not listed on Wikipedia?
You're not a person that ever did a talk show on radio
This again goes to the tremendous publicity machine I've got behind me between 2AM and Norma Kent
I'm not even on Wikipedia
Everybody, I wouldn't be surprised if Leah Flea Feldman is on there
I'm on Wikipedia, not near Rogers
Go and look it up, there's no such listing
I'll take your word for it, but it's a work in progress with Wikipedia
So, I don't know
Yeah, well get me on there, okay, say about any crappy stuff
Google mail 25, youtube.com, that's you
Shube
.com17, Wikipedia 13, I don't use the internet 12
Well, Yamama
Amazon 9, ComedyCentral.com 3
By the way, let me tell you about that daily show, or better not
Facebook.com2QAM.com, SoleMentate Dose, oh my god
NMTV.com with our crowd
Oh!
Why did you even bother putting that on there?
You think our crowd is watching NMTV?
No, we were just going over some names Josh through that out there
I know it's supposed to be very popular, but I guess not
It's very popular now with this crowd
We don't have any young punk center like 10-year-olds watching
Listening, Googlin, dillin
Well, they may be dillin, but they're sure not dillin with our website
So mtb.com's got the big
Oh!
I don't like that, we got Evan Cohen to this afternoon
I might actually come in here and listen, I've never heard him before
I might sit here and listen for a little while, do you think?
Do you think that?
No
No
Flunny
Come on!
Give me a little bit of slack, Roberta, give a little flack
You are just, you're relentless and heartless, you're just a cold-hearted bastard
Just like me
We got 301 votes on the poll
We got a shot at what?
400 today?
This is so deflating
Usually when the show starts we got like 5, 600
We got a real good head start on a way to 1000
And then because Eric was busy eating venos last night or whatever he was eating
We got nothing
So we started from scratch, we're scratching it
So I feel kind of like you today, you know, because usually say you start to pull like
Into the show, like right before the show starts you
Yeah, well I don't do that, I always have it set up to the afternoon before
I like you to head start
But Eric just screwed us up bad
Which public figure's death affected you the most?
We got only 301 votes for writing a plethora of names
JFK93 got my vote and he's winning hands down
John Lennon 39
They'll earn a heart 20
I'm sorry, I just, I don't understand
He won the first time we did this few years ago, he won it by a mile
They'll earn a heart
Maybe you just croaked
Phil Hartman 23, Bob Weaver 21 who just died
Princess Diana 13
Kurt Cobain, all those last days were brutal
12
John Belushi 11, Bobby Kennedy 11, JFK Jr. 8
Why Jerry Garcia 7
Why Martin Luther King 7 Jim Morrison 4
Jim Henson 4
Perry Kerry 4, Elvis 4
Charles Schultz 3, Don Notsis got a pair already, Lucie Lucie
Lucie is got 2, Freddie Mercury's got 1, Buffalo Bob Smith had 1
He couldn't find it
Merrill Monroe won, Frank Sinatra won, John Wayne won for the Duke
None for Johnny Carson, Charlie Winnis, Corridor Scott King, Al Lewis, Grandpa, Kurt Gaudi, Dennis Weaver
Michael Landon, Joseph Ageo, Rock Hudson or Jackie Kennedy, O'Neil's
That's just a start
You know the first time we did it, Paul, we had 2028 votes, it must have been a weekend poll
Yeah, we'll be lucky to get like 600 now
Thanks to Eric really letting us down
Nice going, Eric, you ruined my whole week
You believe that?
Nope, I just wanted to feel bad
I wonder if Al Franken and Bob Franken are the same person
28 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM, if you love the finer things in life
Then you will love Stogies, Miami's quintessential cigar shop in Kindle
With softwood as large as selection of cigar Stogies of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites
Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from including
Arturo Fuente, Padro and Monte Cristo, Romeo and Julietta and lots more
Including a large selection of premium cigars and unbeatable close-up prices too
As well as obscure and hard to find brands
So come into Stogies today and draw a smooth smoke in their wine lounge
Featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world
And be sure to join Stogies every Friday evening for their wine tasting from 5 to 8 in the PM
Featuring some of the most delicious Bordos that France has to offer
You'll find Stogies at 1,16,12 North Kindle Drive
They're open every day of your life seven days a week
You can call to reserve a box of your favorite cigars at Stogies by calling 305-598-9820
When you stop into the shop, you shouldn't say hi to Mario and the girl Sandra and Yanni
And if you just mention their name because their egos are so gigantic
You'll get a free cigar that they just for acknowledging that they exist
Call and reserve a box of your favorite Stogies 305-598-9820
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.16 Q.A.
I have been together in the Eden's Lake or Molo
The following announcement cannot be reproduced or re-broadcast without the express written permission of the National Football League
Hello, and then Roslip Berrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
So, where I'm riding the 800 pound motorcycle puts in 90 miles an hour, I don't need a helmet, because I'm... Man, man, I like putting... Alright! 27 before I'm at 560 WDQM DUS Supreme Court today ruled that the Bush administration did not have the legal authority to go forward with military tribunals for detainees at the Gitmole Military Base in Cuba. The 5-3 rule remains officials will either have to come up with new procedures to prosecute at least 10 so-called enemy courts.
The case was a major test of President Bush's authority as Commander-in-Chief of a wartime setting. Bush has aggressively asserted the power of the government and of course being the dictator that he thinks that he is to capture, detain and prosecute suspected terrorists in the wake of the 9-11 attacks. How do you like that? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it? How do you like it
and they showed a clip of Bush himself in the late 2001 after 9-11 announcing about the ... the... we are talking about the banking records he had already announced that. This was not any big secret. The York Times had a Wall Street Journal or the LA Times. This was no secret. This was no secret. Everybody knew about it. He announced it. They showed the clip.
And of course the fact that the Saudis didn't want to cooperate and released the banking records and that's because it was a Saudi operation in the first place
That are the ones who are funny most of the terrorism in the world anywhere
Good buddy. Fanned our bush and it got some a shbh. But nevertheless. What do you say? I'm saying let's get back to these dead people
Got a lot of people to add now just
2005 you know, it's interesting the way they put it on here online
It's as famous or not. We all end up dead. Oh no, are you sure? Can you recheck that?
Here are some of the better known people to have passed away now. This is from 2005. I give you the 2006 list and
Then oh this can go on forever because then at the bottom it says celebrity 2004 this this week go on till midnight
Let's get rid of all these sports shows man
What are the hell?
Oh, I forgot to tell you we're gonna have a fire alarm between 10 30 and 11. Let me close the door
Just started not unless you want me to leave it open
For that to tell you that Richard prior you want to put him on there. I would think we already did we're good some votes
We already did just now. Oh Eugene McCarthy
Senator of Minnesota presidential candidate the anti Vietnam war guy. He died December 10, 1889
That's old enough pant marina the karate kid guy that we want to put pant marina on there. He was beloved sure
We'll put him on first aid by what's his name Ralph Machu?
Right who's still what's about Tim Arnold from happy days remember that Rosa Parks who did more?
That's play that you're right Rosa Parks now she definitely got to be on air and speak at a famous dark folks nifty
Russell the poet lord of television and of course from oh he's on every game show
There was a last game he was on
The pyramid a million times he was a hip rhymes with nip well, let's get him on her nifty Russell
He died October 2 at the age of 80 Don Adams Maxwell smart
Simon V season tall the Nazi hundred died. I got to have one on there for the far-bison Jews Simon V season tall
I can't wait to see how Josh spells that are you getting these forget them when you make rank was
Oh, please don't put him on now. We're not gonna Bob Denver Gilligan
All right, I got one that they'll want to vote for Peter Jennings all right
You know one thing about what's the guy that got under now on ABC? I can give him Charles Gibson
Okay, he moves his head around to my he he moves when he speaks
You know it makes you nervous to watch that I still watch Brian Williams even with that funny mouth
Not as bad as Bill O'Reilly though nobody bother I don't watch Bill O'Reilly
I don't watch he's he's programmed out of my TV, sir
But anyway, oh and Keith Oberman rift him and ask him good last night. I said I'm Keith you demand
I have all Keith all day on MSNBC. That's the format. What was I just saying before Peter?
Charles Gibson he moves his head around all the time when he speaks
I just yes, the mission nervous his hell. It's one thing to be a talking head. It's nothing to be a moving head
So Peter Jennings let's see who else Luther Van Dross want to put him on there? Sure, whatever
I'm I'm scared and bankrupt. Okay
How could we ever forget the wonderful and bankrupt?
Who once upon a time said you ate the only?
Eddie Albert green acres don't know. How what do you say whatever Frank Gorshin?
The River he was the River and then he was the Dittler in Batman. He would guide me 17th. He ages 72 Frank Gorshin
He was good. Yes, he was he was in fact
He would we like Frank Gorshin unlike Jim Kerry who pretends to be Frank Gorshin, right?
You know what I mean by that? Mm-hmm Jim Kerry is kind of like that
That's a good pull I know we've done it before but people are worn out there welcome like Steve Martin
Tom Robin Williams Tom Hanks
The all of these Jim Kerry he was working a long time ahead of freaking Chandler. Oh my god
He was welcome before yeah, you know John Mills and Ryan's daughter. I don't know who that is
Prince Rainier. I'm just reading names. Don't put these on here. Oh, how about pulled for Pope John Paul the tooth for Christ sake
I mean, huh? Yeah, Pope John Paul the tooth. Well, we're gonna have one for the Getski's out there
He just died the slob on the slab and they slept them all around Rome there with him nice little
Tiny feet that he had yeah a little
Swipper when it's always checking out the feet. This this new pope with him red slippers. I really wonder about him
He's got those real this designer red shoes Johnny Cochran
That's right right our hero best known for his work on the OJ defense died March 29th at the age of 67
John Delorean don't put him on there a sandwich. He she was Gidget remember Gidget. Mm-hmm
Sanford the hunter rest Thompson. Hey hunter. Don't come up. I'll put that thing down hunter
You want to put him on there? We will I'm just throwing these out there and then you can put it on and I've depending on whether
Josh can spell him or if you like I'm so fast I can't well
That's why I'm taking my time here Arthur Miller. He wasn't ready to mirror them on row. He was extremely ugly
I don't want to put him on
Let's see next smelling. Oh, I'm smelling right now. I don't smell too good either the box. Yeah, no, don't put him on
Johnny Carson we just put on and surely Chism the first black woman in Congress died January first last year age of 80
Now I don't think he's gonna know how to spell that
2004
Christopher we've come on don't you want to put him on air? Sure, why not especially
Now that we get to be open-minded coming out. It's out. Yes, I'm a fart. I don't think anybody wants to vote for Alex
No, I see Arthur Haley Alex Haley that a long time ago Arthur Haley. Oh best known for airport. Don't put him on there
Susan Sontag Jerry Orbok already Shaw and the ones I'm reading real fast is Howard Keel he killed over Ken Caminity Josh
No, yeah, no don't put him on it. Rodney Dangerfield. He's got to go on there Janet Lee. Oh, don't tell me Janet Lee died
No, 2004 October 3rd. She was 77 in psycho. She was in the shower scene
Janet Lee she's not to the base motel
Who else I mean there's a long list of people my god Elizabeth Kubler Ross
Who wrote about death and dying and then guess what she did she died right? I mean Julia child
Oh, we got to get Julia on there Rick James bitch super freak is the bell Sanford died. Oh no
Weezy. Oh, I didn't even know that she died July 9 2004. She was 86 too much dying going on is about Sanford
Now let's see oh I guess well-stead since this first poll this one's gonna go zooming up there toward the top as fat as he was
Let me give you a clue. Okay, I can give you an audio clue
Marlon Brando that's right. What do you mean that's right? He was not I mean he was out of sight now to mine
He hadn't made any movies in a hundred years. Yeah, not a year
That was a you remember the big simmiss when Marlon the bit the dust come on Ray Charles, right Ronnie Reagan
Oh, there's some Tony Randall June Taylor from the June Taylor dancers. Don't put her on her Alan King
Got Alan King. We got it
Allister Cook don't put him on her Peter. He used to know that Jan Berry from Jan and Dean
I know we're past the break, but I'm getting so whipped up about this. There's so many dead people
You know in fact, let's just put every dead person whoever died Bob Keeschen, can't and Kangaroo died
Oh, yeah, got him we got a
Marge shot and believe me she should have been no don't put her on Marge shot. What a bigoted piece of Mercedes-Makambridge
known for such films as touch of evil and the excesses she did the she was always confused her with somebody else
But she's the one to the voices I can this more head is who you confuse her with oh well, it's Mercedes-Makambridge
You know what I was
So it's like yeah, whatever she said. Yeah, that was Mercedes. She's in so put with everyone's on you want
But is a see a growing list at what I'm figuring is if we
Because we have a late start on the pole and we get a thousand names on there in the East get one vote
Then we can get to a thousand by two 1043 at 560 WQM if you're a cigar smoker
If you like puffing on a big fat one every now and then you like to kick back with a good premium brand
And but he has cigars by Tony Rohani is absolutely positively
Absolutely for you. He's hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process to naged up to 10 years
But he has a real boutique cigar maker when they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco
But he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing hours cigar insider and 9.1 by schmok magazine
This rich flavored well balanced full-bodied Nicaragua in cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spiced in pepper flavors
Also be sure to try and there be he had the sale
It's the hottest release cigar in the last ten months and it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider
The sale is a big powerful cigar that'll tear your kishpies out. It's got complex notes of leather earth and pepper
The finish is long and full body with additional spice and a note of charge wood sounds almost like a piece of furniture
So complicated if you want to get 40% off the price of all your behears to guards when you call this toll free number
Mention the O'Rodger. Don't be don't be ashamed step right up there
Maison O'Neill that give you 40% off on your
Behears to guards 1 835 the here. That's the number to call 1 800 3 5
B a H I a
N e O Roger
What's all it miss is 5.62 a
And now it's time for our long distance dedication
It's from Hank Garberg and he writes please play the air that I breathe and dedicated to my Kim Bassinger blow up doll
Sucker in the States 11 long hair foreigners who call each other make world cup
I don't understand it. Hey, what's up? It's illegal. It's your hand. It's not even so go and I'll make some go world cup
World cups are really skinny. Their shorts are very small. All they do is run around and kick a soccer ball
World cup
There's a lot of boys. Hey, what's up?
Right by Nick and Muses
Playing in Germany and every day. LTV world cup
World cup team is crappy if they had to play Brazil the vital score undoubtedly would be like 10 men now
World cup. I don't understand it. Hey, what's up?
It's illegal if you're handed. Hey, love it in I ran and over in Japan world cup
World cup. I just don't get it. I'd rather watch paint dries but don't you dare say that if you're visiting
Paraguay world cup
There needs a artist recommend the cup
Too bad and like back up
Partying in the clubs or reboosing back up
Do when Johnson the club
Get your phone service back
World cup. Look at that. The freaking pope don't have any votes. That's bad
You need the bathroom you're all gonna rot in hell
Well, that's just an honor of weezy died. I didn't even know she died. Did you? Yeah, we talked about it
We talked about weezy Don. Yes, we did. Oh, well, what about Esther roll when she died. Can we play?
I don't know why you hate that theme song. I hate that theme song. Why? I just I hate it. What's wrong with it?
It's what's right with it. Josh do you think that's a bad theme? It's okay for what it is
Well, what do we buy that what it is? It's some kind of a racial or that show. I mean it works. Oh, it was a bad show
I'll grant you that the show sucked, but I think it's a pretty good theme. It's pretty schmalsy, man
I
I mean, I will grant you was sure as I wasn't
Wasn't that right, but what was you know or the Jefferson's that was a good thing. That was a great thing
That song makes you want to say let's see Louise says Louise sends this in a marine and a one time see this got a big black lines for the middle of this
Faxway you're having issues on that end. It came through that way. Oh, I already know this. This is old news
Thanks Louise. So God it was in Fairnight and I'm loving it was one of the recruiters there in Flint
Remember those two guys going through the parking lot and they were like a while a guy died in Iraq. He got to off
He was only 30 uh
30 years old and he was only like 38 days or 36 days before his
Doody was up and he's done
Thanks Louise. We seen it. It's the old news
So there we go. How many you want some more a thousand more dead names? Oh God. Yeah, sure
Well, I know if we get a thousand names on there we can get like 800 votes
We got 300 and something about votes already three uh 75 six
We think we got no shot at that thousand. Oh, it's possible. No, it is not. It's not
Nice going, Eric. You ruined my day man. Only work one day in two weeks or like uh to whatever it is two days two and a half days
And he ruins it. He spilled it
376 votes under the propped doesn't have any does he have it? No, no, no
Look at all the people with no votes see we put all these extra names on there
So you people would vote although now I think it's a good time to go into these arbitrains and then we'll find out where you don't have as many
Vosis we should this way you got nobody listen
Although we're doing great compared to the rest of the station. We are doing awesome
We're just we're kicking ass big fat smelly nasty pimpley ass
Jan Berry doesn't have any votes now, but to you I know you got it there because you sent me that uh
Little old lady from Pasadena and surf city, huh
You don't count it there. I'm looking boy. You're sure getting slow
You
See even they're old a fart over here. It's faster. You only work as a program. Well come on. Let's get that Jan and being going on our
Jan Berry for Jan
It looks really nasty after that's a good crack
Now did you ever see is it I know we discussed that because I saw an apography. I love that channel
Do you ever see the bio on him on Jan and Dean? No. Oh man talk about sad
They hear their kind of like slukin around only like here been ripping off uh Ryan Wilson here
Guess how long this song is
Uh minute and a half
159 oh one 15 and the right see what you don't understand is during the 50s especially
Oh, it's dead man's curve. I like to have 50s
Uh, there were a lot of songs like Maurice William Maurice civilians and the zodiacs and stayed yeah
It was like I think 140
Good talk up by the way very nice
A Tony Randall Ray Charles Marlon Brando doesn't have any votes. What are you people doing out there besides each other or your selves? What are you doing?
No, we don't hear that that's an heart and soul. Yes, very good. No, I know I'm a man in Dean mister dead man's curve one more
What kind of sad?
You ought to be able to relate a lot of gay guys like to do this
Yes
Oh, I can't I can't say the name of that no not anymore. No
My Woody graber, but it's a drag no drag city. Oh, I thought that was my oh, I'm not supposed to be for a song my Woody graber
Oh drag city. Yeah, they're dragging it. So I don't think we're gonna get votes for all the rest of these people on there
It's very bad. That's unfortunate. What I
You guys in the zodiac how long is it 139? Ah, I was running a second off 139. I said 140
Pretty damn guy. Where it goes back? Well, I don't know. I've had to walk to the bathroom much less than I think that's
Thanks, I don't know. It's a pretty short east to there like I'm walking was pretty short in the summer zone
My blue heaven when we're at the wheeled call, you know that okay, that's enough
Okay, the trends came out yesterday. This is the radio ratings two thirds of these spring rating book
This is March April and May and again the ethics they got this new sampling method which guarantees if we weren't already in the tank
I'm a station to begin with this guarantee is it's like the extra several nails in the coffin. This varies us
Three oh yeah, how long is that 210 221 his shortest song is I'm in love again 157 aha
An imperial records the fat man Antoine fat stamina. He survived Katrina and he's doing okay
And by the way, he didn't send me all the fat stamina stuff if it's in here you got it there. No, I don't
It's in the oldies folder. Well, what do you mean by that just look again that disc the last one that I got
There's a big oldies folder in there and it's all in there. You know, I'm really I'm really a torn because I'm wondering
Maybe somebody in the audience would know I would usually don't know because you were asking me like about the
Adoking station right because I totally got the logic to take one and it's pretty good
Yeah, which is how it sounds. No, it sounds pretty good
But what I'm what I'm asking is if you really spent a lot of money and got like a real heavy duty expensive one
Would it in other words with a music quality be that better or is there like a limitation on the quality of the
Music because it's in the iPod. No, I'm saying no because that's just data. Doesn't matter where it's reading it from. It's it's all a matter of
So in other words, if I might go spend a lot of a lot of money and give me like a real fancy schmancy doc
That's right. I can make that seem something to concert hall. That's correct
Well, I might just want to do that, you know, I mean because this is okay like for the bedroom would be good, you know, uh-huh, okay
Like for you and your girlfriend. I mean you're for you for your new wife. Yeah, whoever
I'll bet I buy two
Yeah, that would be good one for her bedroom and one where you're hanging it out. Mm-hmm 10 56 at five 60 WQA
I'm on a fantastic Thursday man. I'm not really gonna take an awful lot of calls this summer
I kind of made up my mind during last break especially after that first little flurry we had all like
I'm gonna leave the colors to you on Monday, Wednesday and Friday and Tuesday and Thursday at least on those that I'm working
Which I'm not on next Tuesday because it's a poor thing. You know, that's a good idea. Those days that I'm working
Huh, that's good. It leaves them all pent up and frustrated for when I'm on
Okay
Yes, sir
Jen
All right, no, that is correct that he's from Jan and Dean not a talk your
Most on what who'd help us Janbury the talker one of the game shows there. No, no, that's Jack Berry Jack Berry
From 21 okay get out of here. Oh my god
157
Yeah, you better start learning your berries mister. Where's my blackberry? By the way? I don't want to go through that thing
I lost it in the oh boy that's skip a little airport anybody found my blackberry what service from my
Cable people are oh, yeah, well you'll have it in 10 to 12 business days very nice
It only rotten hell they better change their last name too. Hey while supplies last you can save hundreds of dollars off a
Ceeley posture-peed extricer
Altra plush euro pillow top only from dollar mattress for a limited time take 400 bucks off a queen set
You pay just 699 bucks
Take 550 off a king set similar savings waiting for an all sizes now. This isn't some cheap
O mattress that other stores promote in the rags. It's a luxury
Ceeley posture-peed complete with memory foam and a premium core unit perfect for the master bedroom and the master
This is a special limited time offer won't nice long call 1 800 mattress right now 1 800 in ATT
RES and find out more about the striker mattress fell just like Jeff striker from Ceeley or ask about clearance pricing
Other Ceeley posture-peed extricer call 1 800 mattress ask about their 12 months financing plan to the smartest the best
Piece of shopping you could ever do have an use them for years and I guarantee you they'll never let you down
That's why dollar mattress is ranked number one of the world and overall customer satisfaction the delivery deal is unbelievable
So matchable under prices are the best in town so call 1 800
MATTRES leave off the list ask because it stands for actually off the list ask I was thinking about fat boy
The last S because it stands for stupendous savings as
This is a meal Roger
This is 516
28
I can handle things up smart
Like everybody says like
Don't I'm smart and I want to fix
In the industry of overly caffeinated energy drinks are a bit of competitor
Rizbo far-hort and far-trade
So girl
Rockstar and through the genius of marketing we now have many energy drinks
Didn't after the hottest religious trend or have you heard of Kamala?
Maybe you've seen Buddha
Skipping right past the obvious Christ when you're feeling tired
Dead was arrested now we're talking
K
That's right introducing
Critical Islamic terrorists energy drink
Strap this sucker on in the morning for an explosion of energy
Keep passerby try some of the new radical Islamic terrorists
Hmm it tastes like al-Qaeda and the Taliban all wrapped into ones
So you like it what's not to like about the feeling of Sodom and the can
New radical Islamic terrorists energy drink it's the Shiite
It's a little too at 560 WM. So anyway, we didn't put Carol Conner on there
See we did all you reading up the best so freaking fat
I never read his name. I'm just saying that's our screw of our bad. We never put him on there. We bad
No, we'll never get that thousand votes. We got 400 in the summer. Let's see. Oh, you know what?
We didn't put on jack par pa two ways pa a r got a chieftur
One oh runs with hard. Okay, 2003
Oh boy
What? Okay, here's what we got so far which public figures does affected you the most was sad
JFK 122 we got my vote John Lennon 52 Dale Earnhardt 32
You know, Dale Earnhardt the first time we did this poll a few years ago. He won by a ziggin vote
So he must have just a crash. Well, he won the race and we did not win. Oh, he won the race or yeah, get it
I feel heartman 31
Bob weaver 24 we were the weatherman great guy princess Diana 17. Oh come on
You think there's a guy out there voted for Diana all the women I guess voted for princess die all 17 him
John Balushi 14 Kurt Cobain 12 Kurt
Don't do it baby. Let Michael pit kill himself and you stay alive. Here we go. See our 11 Bobby Kennedy 11
JFK junior 10. I don't I'm sorry. I don't get it. You get that? No. What was the big timmis with him except for that horrible magazine George
Yeah, Elvis Presley 7 Martin Luther King 7 Freddie Mercury 6
Jim Morrison 5 how come Jim Morrison's only got five
It's like legendary Johnny Carson's making a move Johnny's got four Lucille ball four Jim Henson four
Why does Jim Henson have any votes who gives a crap about the Muppets come on now everyone was raised by Sesame Street
Not me what a grumpy old fart. Yeah, that's me that just the Muppets but he made a lot of great movies
He was a good guy. Well, okay. He gets my vote. All right
They had nothing with the panthers already when the hell was the base balls is a begin anyway
Harry carry had four Charles Schultz three bob Keeschen Captain Kangaroo had two. No, he thought
high-res Thompson two looks not good personal now. Nifty Russell two done not two thanks him after two John Wayne
The Duke had only appeared all the way at 40 pounds of something in his colon at his death
Ronald Reagan won Ray Charles won Rick James won Christopher Reeve won
It was Superman and bankrupt one Peter Jennings won Buffalo Bob Smith. Hey kids. What time is it? What if that's on this disc?
I doubt it now I forget now. I'm not gonna do it
Uh rock Hudson won Merleman rule one and then none for Jan Berry that guy that called about Jack Berry
You know you're sir. I understand that you're old and daughtering but I mean even an old fart like me knows the difference between
Jack Berry and Jan Berry and Halle Berry and Berry Berry
Well, you didn't see that movie all fall down with very very no with what's his name? What is his name?
What is his name? The uh Warren Beatty. What's his name?
No votes for Alan King Tony Randall Marlin see there can't be any audience out there at all
They all gonna be busy. They're on vacation there at the beach they're doing something to each other
Because if Marlon Brandon is having any votes what would the Pope Pope Paul the John Paul the tooth the Slav on the slab don't have any
I mean this is very very disheartening very sad. I mean even grandpa I always don't have any what this respect rose
Aparts who did mo for out of mojo
Slatzy. Somebody uh said John Kazelle. That's why I played that's Prado drop there at the beginning of the hour
John Kazelle C-A-Z-A-L-E Frado from the godfather
Now you know if Marlon Brandon doesn't have any votes how many is Frado gonna get right right couple?
All I mean he just wanted to respect that's all
Exactly okay anyway getting back to 2003. This is the last year. I'm doing because it's other cool. I think
What well? There's nobody on here. We want to put on there Earl Hindman
Him again. We can't even say that Alan Bates
Hope Lang Robert Stanfield David Hemings Warren Spawn and we know who that was but don't put him on it
Don't put any of these art carny. We want to get him on there. Okay. How about Jackie Gleason? Okay? Was he a
Chopped liver or what?
Good Jackie Gleason on there art carny
Bobby Hanfield from the righteous brothers. He died in 2003 on November 5th on my birthday. He was 63
Oh man Rod Roddy from the prices right with him the thook food that used to get in Thailand
You know I didn't realize so just now when I fired this office actually has a name
The honeymoon the honeymooners theme has a name that's not something
What's the name of the song? You're my greatest love
I never knew to a small name
You learned a lot by a fiddle around with your empty three files there Rod Roddy don't put it on there
Madam Chiang Kai Shaq Bill Shoemaker the Jackie don't put any of these on there because they won't get able to
Eliakazan or is that Ilia? I just can't call him Ilia
I mean all my life I called him Eliakazan and nobody cares anyway. He was 94 when he croaked
He was a nasty old kut they said
Donald Connor Robert Palmer addicted to love you want to put Robert Palmer on here? Don't no
Cheb Wully the people the people you remember that can we say that oh here's one that we left off
He's gonna eat a lot of old Johnny Cash
What you don't think of course John Ritter three companies John Ritter he hated him
He was so fake Edward Teller the father of the hydrogen bomb don't put him on Charles Bronson needs to be on air
And you know who else needs this is one of there'll be there'll be moisture on the page
He'll Josh will shed it here Bobby bonds
Father of Barry bonds a great a truly great ball player who didn't do Royds here's one Bob hope
Thanks for it, huh? All right, see we're getting some really good ones on here now buddy hack it couldn't hack it
He tried the addkins and he couldn't hack it
Catherine Hepburn. Oh, there's some fabulous ones. What about Jimmy Stewart?
Well, what do you say about about that? Why not he won't get five votes
Okay, Catherine Hepburn Jimmy Stewart Leon Uris who wrote Exodus we don't want him on her human cronon
Cocoon we don't want him on there. We don't want to cocoon stuff Gregory Peck he needs to be on get him on there right away
Gregory Peck and June Carter Cash
Didn't I just mentioned Dr. Rankins you did Dr. Robert Atkins died 93
April 17th he was 72 slip and fall Robert stack. I loved Robert stack the untouchables
He was the voice on what that was actually he was on all the time unsolved mystery unsolved mystery. Don't you love Robert stack?
He was just fine. In fact, don't we have I'm sure we have an unsolved
Yes
This is Robert stack. No, that's that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. This is Robert stack one of the most
Bethel unsolved mysteries of our time
Mainly who and what this thing they call the will of fair yeah, that's not a little more like him
This is what I just played how about it was a cold vile stormy day and hully with one of the biggest mysteries of my
Lesterous career and we give Robert stack and I love him. He was great. Great actor. Just a good guy
Oh, see Daniel Patrick Moynihan he won't get any votes Fred Fred Rogers Mr. Rogers better put him on it right away
Wait a minute now I'm so the mystery's empty one of the oldest and most that's the one oh Jackson
Right Fred Rogers you got it we got it nice sweater Fred on your card or do we want to put on it?
She was on the gimme a bridge. She was fat. She was very chubby. Oh and Anne speaking a very fat and very what is the big deal about this Dan Crapman
Oh
Any man who watches the view I don't know what he wanted back in housewives watch trailer tragedy watches the date of mind
I don't even think they did I mean this big deal about what's your name there? It's getting our Jones our Jones Reynolds
And then they got the bag he's married to Jody Reynolds now
Nobody cares and they're making such a simmiss about this you're gonna think it was like the most oh
I got one for you. Let's see what's the name of the bit
Uh, I do I know what it's called and you you'll guess right away when I play this
Oh, yeah, we need to put him on there
Morris Gibbs yes indeed got it. M-A-U-R-I-C-E Morris. I always used to call Maurice and of course it's Morris actor Richard Krenna
He was good but don't put him on because nobody knows who that is. Let's see 2002
Abba even died who? Oh, no even Rosen Abba even he was the former uh, he's a big Jew. It's really ambassador to be when you don't remember
Abba even very distinguished with a big fat face you died. How's Ariel Shurondo? By the way, don't hear a damn thing about it
Let's see him look. Oh, no. How can you watch TV without your aerial?
We got we're gonna get to 500 pretty soon here about all 427 you guys are just crickering and creeping along man
This this ain't gonna cut it say I'm not an idiot
Now if we were to start it with our four five hundred like usual we'd already be pushed push in a thousand
We'd have it look but we started from scratch today. We are gonna be able to do this. We can't get to a thousand
What's our goal 750? Yeah, seven
750 you always said you always set the bar low. I said it high. Why? Just seven. I didn't say seven fifty seven
Oh seven. Seven right. I say 750. We got 429 right now
And that's all some pre people to be doing between now and two o'clock
Instead of sitting out there working up a big skim cancer
That's what they're doing. They're working up a big to to to to to to tumor or something and then move the great Santini
Mm-hmm. Here's another guy that I just absolutely love. He is just so great Robert Duval
I know that he's gotten a lot of accolades and accolites and this stuff
But it just when you when people ordinarily start giving off a list of great actors
He's even a lot of times gets overlooked. You know it does Robert Duval
He's I would say he's one of the five to ten if you were gonna pick ten
He's gonna make the list all time best. No, okay character actors. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely great Robert Duval
He was even great in network especially the part actor Josh fell asleep
Like the opening credits
1113 at 560 w.m. Finally a TV experience like no other
Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and let's you take viewer control to a whole new level
With contrast on demand TV is on your terms because you can pick a show on your schedule
Possibly wind it whenever the hell you feel like it and for a limited time
You can get connected to Comcast digital cable and hb on demand for just 3499 a month for the first three months
Boy Tony Segero sounded old and tired this morning
Why is TV so much better with on demand for starters? You can watch over
Three thousand free movies and shows whenever you want
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies
Kids shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more
You'll always have something good to watch right and when you're in a mood to watch it
You sure can't get all this with satellite
So ditch that dish today and get big savings up to
550 bucks plus on demand so you can build your own TV schedule and best of all on demand is free when you have Comcast
Digital cable so pick your showtime sit back and you wonder however got along without it call today order Comcast digital cable and hb
Or with the power of on demand for just
3499 a month for your first three months
Invade call 305 Comcast and then
954 Comcast call today for full-details certain restrictions apply
This is Neil Roger
Don't go
He's have recently passed away
Among them Brian Keith Jimmy Stewart Robert Mitchum and Jacques Cousteau listen now as they join Charles Corralts for the end of the road
Hey Jimmy how is your funeral service?
That was just a wonderful way now how about you Brian?
Hmm very small we kept it to a family fair
Just plain going from here to
Trinity hey, I'll come your own wet jack. That is not Jacques. He's not Jack, Jack, Jack, jerk, whatever
Are we going from here to
Trinity? Well I love my ass gear question. How is that little tramp sassy? Did you ever Bobby?
Her jody I don't want to know about this. See see I want to know that they miss a French
I understand that he is a man's man
Oh, oh say I wanted before we get to return are we there yet?
Hey, I think we're there all right. 11.19. We got Evan Cohen into the 7th and I do like that
Curtis Stevenson and for it. We got leaf a flea
Elman what's his name leafeldman and Craig mishit 7 7 10 and
Eddie K from showgirls at 10 o'clock tonight. This is just a dry run. Is there like actually anybody out there or what?
I don't think so. Outwear
Well, I'm a video footage of a weekend coming up. It's a holiday people are kids are out of school everybody's long gone man
We're just sitting here talking to ourselves. So not as a good time to talk about those arbitrains
Okay, from March April and May well, we did you know not love like we used to back in the day when the station had an audience
But could you comparatively do everything else?
Cook or Sam doing my Jimmy's? Yeah, you're overall men 18 plus Monday through Sunday six and a midnight you guys across the street shut that transmitter off baby
Through the public of favor and save the juice W hot hot FM number one and men overall six point four share
Radio mum be no speaking English. I keep
5.4 the number two. This is many 18 plus most of their men are like 90 plus CMQ FM is number a time for second with them
Radio Amor no speaking English another it's a three-way time for tooth 5.4 and then big 5.0
mostly that's what's his name old Paul and ancient Ron because of the fact that Howard's on satellite now
EDR life radio rhythm. Oh man, you talk about heavy duty ethnic
I mean if you're not dark complex or a speaker to pony or both
W I O D a 3.4 in overall in a week and
men
I'm still looking on the next page w a m
2.6 number 17. Ooh and
W I N Z Radio America a 1.9 number 21 and on the next page after that. Oh my god
reaching perhaps an all-time low across the street
Waxi the ticket has dropped from a 1.3 in the previous trend away 1.0. Oh
Oh, oh, oh god. I'm a 25th trend. Yes two months out of the spring book mister. I'm telling you that right now trend my ass
I'll get that just
That is
One point you could just you know what seriously. Let's try for the rest of the summer you you try tomorrow
You could just put like this
I'm in the studio. Yeah, and get and they loop it. Yeah
Do you loop the loop? Yeah, I get a 1. Of course that's what he got the last couple of trends
He was honestly you never know that is scary and when we get into the day parts and the day parts
You know what those parts are don't you? I know
60 10 a.m. In men 18 plus this is in our target demo 25 54 of course because that when a whole book comes up and you'll you'll
With that hot 105 look at that weight point. Oh their number one
Ever listen to that hot? Not he talking to Josh you
No big big money
6.6 their number two in a morning. That's Ron and all and like I said when Stern's not on the air
They do really well when they have any competition like a real show
They all of a sudden start swooning over there ancient polynomial Ron
Radio on more 6.3 radio mom b 6.1 you see the ethnic thing here W. X d j that's another
Huchi kuchi 4.8 W. E. D. R that's dark 4.3 radio written more more Huchi kuchi 4.0
Got QBA and no speaking English 3.8 you've got an ethnic battleground there. It sounds like to me
CMQ FM in the morning 3.8 their number time for eighth does anybody speak English here? No
Well, let's see I would see 3.1 in the morning. I don't know what would they got news in the crap
I don't know what they do. Oh, and then they also got that Glenn Beck from nine that's whatever rhymes with Drek
kiss
Okay, everybody QA in the morning not to promising there
We had a 2-2 in the winner then up to a 2-3 in the next round and now hangs back with his 2-2
Number 18 in men. This is a sports show. See a sports show number 18 2-2. What kind of a thing is that? Have a 2-2
So there must be a big one. I'll tell you that
W-I-N-Z
Scare America down to a 1.6 they're vanishing from the scene
They went over like a pregnant pool of water in the middle of July and it's only the late part of June and
Waxi this is their strong suit. Maybe it's when the superhead is on Joe Rosemite's
1.2 a 1.2 share. How do you like that? How do you give you an update of what took place just now off the air? No, okay
Oh
That's the part where he says Howard just called and called me a cool remember that I do meaning more Howard
That's mr. Dave mr. Howard's got you know. He's got relative who's in too bad you know, okay
Okay, so it's not looking too often good. There's four stock radio is done in this market
Now that's what you accomplished across the street
You came in and you diluted it's like taking a fine wine well, wasn't all that fine in the first place
But taking like a medium priced wine and diluting it with like tap water
Take a barrel of ripple and just goes patient away. Maybe that's it mid days in men
A radio mom being or speeding glaze a key seven point you ferry
Oh
Seven point you feel like there's a number one but again all their listeners are over the age of 100
So once we get the demo straightened out that they're no factor WCM QFM a 6.1
So actually when we extrapolate this we got a shot life
Hot or let's see how Ricky Tiki didn't in men in the morning
Our good buddy Ricky Tiki we just celebrated 50 years on the air magic
Three six down to about two nine oh, well 50's a good time to hang it up
Hot 4.8 W.I.O.D. 4.5 WQM at least we're on the first page. We're number eight in men
But that's 10 to three if you take the two to three hour out there
We'd be like right then and somewhere would be all I'm saying somewhere
No, we'd have a five something at least we'd be top four on the Titanic. That's not easy to do now
What about Waxi in the mid-day? What about a radio
Error obscure America they got a two point oh mid-day in men. I still can't find Waxi. Oh, yeah
They're making some inroads isn't that what they were saying Josh a couple weeks ago somebody calls them
They're on the ear saying we're making some inroads. Yeah, they're doing something
Yeah, they went from a one two down to a 1.1 a 1.1
Basically, they fought a nice even level there. It starts with a one all
Day long including in the afternoon where they highly touted younger and hip or dandelabastered
Let's see the coast the coast. Oh, I must be missing a page in the afternoon
You must have screwed that up or I might maybe I did when I put them together. I don't know. I just facts them as they were
I'm sorry my bad
My bad we get my stapler out over here. It's quite a production when you send me these eight million pages
You know I do radio on more as number one in the afternoon and men radio on more anybody speaking in English
Aki no
Not 105 big io d with a four five. That's time to smitmeister four five
Let's see how well the sports guys are doing and on the first page and on the second page
Holy Toledo
Well would Rick weaver roll over in his grave if we could see these numbers the third page wq and we went from a two three
Oh, we have to a two point eight
So that number is probably about a four if you scratch take the three o'clock hour there at three to seven right right
Plus the fact man is he's never on anyway and when he is on he's on to like six 30 because we have that Marlon preguing crap
I mean a great pregame show so two point eight that's up a couple of losses from 20th in the previous trend little improvement there
Two point eight keep that number in mind when you look for waxy how's there America doing in the afternoon?
Or they drop from a three point two two six not too good and waxy the younger and hiprodannel a bastard a toss a good game
And it's got all those buddies in the media writing a good game. He's got a one point two down from a one six in the last trend a
One point two. Oh my god. Amen. Couldn't have said a bit of myself
That is scary
I don't know if I want to go through the whole thing with persons 2554 all I will say is that we got a three point two here on a show
And since we have no women you double that means it's about a six four and that's 10 to three so we got we got a shot
It may be about a seven share in here in many 25 to eight bro. We got a shot
It may be a little bonus money in here if we get it like a little kiss in June
No, it's not nothing wrong with a kiss in June
So I was with tuned and moon and ca ca moon
465 if we can get to 500 votes by the top of the hour going to be really dangerous
You'll see
And I believe we're gonna pull it right out of our record
Good
Bring did you win and you will win good guy that had so much more to give but you marry the psychotic
Do
The drink of finger got in each
But the good news is that cheap blue ourselves low way calls everybody knows that in LA they let burners walk every day
Another last the house died thanks to your psychotic wife who had a stupid thing like
Bring and use radio was a main show except that you were there
And some characters from the
Oh
You put all that in your life would have lasted long
But she left you no choice
Oh
Good
You made a promise
To your head
Now line of us can't get rid of
She's dead anyway
So
In the case and that's the reason you let me
And it sucks that you die close of your psychotic wife with that stupid thing like
And the simpson will never leave us came again
And I
So's like your
Free
Think she says
That bitch you have for a while I do like that we had a dump something out of there at least I did yeah
You catch that I heard it. I don't know you would too. I've banged it
Please add and bishop and the McLean Stevenson somebody says that the pool spell very uh, I don't know
Maybe that's right that how you spell McLean
We won't get any votes anyway. Well, that's right. Why do we want to put him on it?
I am bishop we can put on there. I don't want to round for redneck
You want to put a rough redneck on it? We can we can do it
He won't get any votes either but if Marlon Brando have any votes, how's the rough red then gonna get votes
Which public figures that affected you the most we got five four three two one four
But 87 votes. What is that goofy Japanese Prime Minister there with bush decisions
It's Alfred E. Newman and the the Japanese version of the same
For 87 we'll make to five and what do you think we'll make it go for eight
I don't know. Let's go for eight votes
Which public figures that affected you the most was most the tiered jerkin and working JFK
141 of course
John Lennon 59 Dale Earnhardt 35 what Phil Hartman 33 that should go zooming up there after we played that great pit
Now and had to dump out the A-hole word Bob weaver 25 we were the weatherman
We all grew up with Bob and then they screwed him over badly there at NBC six man
They stuck at them they finished him off just like what Dave Lamont and Pete Bolger did a sunny Hirsch
Right right princess Diana 20 we'll get back to you Diana John Baluchie 17 Kurt Cobain 13
Wait till you see that movie last days if you haven't seen that yet good luck to you good choice
Jerry Garcia 13 well must be the dead has must be take well
I actually the first time we did the pool he only had 11 out of over or no I see wait a minute
Take that back that was a printout
Now let's see how many of you have the first time we did this pool we had two thousand plus votes
Oh, he had 24 so the preys he's got more now they did percentage wise in the first time
That's not good. That's a bad sign that heads are on the attack. They're pretty offensive Bobby Kennedy only 13
What that was wrong with Bobby Kennedy was he Chaplin or something what that was wrong with him always a little overshadowed
What do you say?
John F Kennedy juniors got 11 see that that goes to show you what we're dealing with JFK junior who never did squat
So you know publish some stupid as magazine. He was a dreamboat get out of here. Oh, yeah, Hunker crab
Yeah, that's my question about how he's got any votes JFK junior my ass
11 Martin Luther King 10 Elvis Presley 9 Johnny Carson 8 only 8 here is Johnny Freddie Mercury 8 Jim Morrison 8 at
cafeteria they're gone aren't they Morrison's cafeteria is that a thing in the past? That's what we heard I think
Remember though Jim Henson's got five and Harry Curie's got five I got news for Jim Henson was no Harry Curie
Rodney Dangerfield for rhymes with Lucille ball four Chris Farley three, you know
I'm gonna tell you right now that um, what did I just get through plan? Oh good by Phil Hartman right Phil Hartman
Was a hell of a lot more talented and funnier than the John Stewart will ever be okay?
And I just thought I'd say that what you don't think so I took green with you okay
Ray Charles three how do rest Thompson three nifty Russell three nifty
Charles Schultz three Frex and after three John Wayne three Bob Keaton two Ronnie Reagan two
Christopher Reeve two that would be very tasteless if we played that was that called Superman five I think yes great
Oh, no you know I like Harry and Myers you're in the Supreme Court pyramid winner circle for a spot on the nation's highest court
Starthick lock oh
The Great Wall of China
Michael Moore
Fairy tales
You're a judge
Dippers
Hey
Rest of the read to hope John Paul the tooth has got a pair
We'll finally two for the Slab on the Slab good and make you feel better
Yeah, James got a pair Don not Scott to Mr. Rogers Fred Rogers one Robert stack one settlement
They uno John Ritter one Jackie Gleason one the great one
Carole Conner how could Carol Conner only have one vote that's in that 10 everybody's out of town they are
Where we want to apologize for the results of this pull because obviously the losers who are still in town
And voting on the pool they wouldn't know talent if they bit him on the lip like earth a kit
Tony Randall one Marlon Brando's only got one Don Corleone's only got one
Isabel Sanford one Rick James one super freak surely Chisholm one Johnny's Coquin one and bankrupt one
Pat marita one Richard prior one spelled wrong with an eye
How can you spell Richard prior with a eye instead of a why
Oh, you're a complete
Buffalo Bob one rock Hudson one she won't either Marilyn Monroe one and none no votes for and Bishop Ralfa Redneck
Morris Gibb Dr. Robert Atkins Jimmy Stewart Catherine Hepburn spelled with a C
Bunny Hacker Bob Hope Vera Bobby bonds Chuck Branson Johnny Cash art carny John Kizal Frito jack par
Jan Berry Jackbury Alan King Frank Gorshin Luther Van Ross Bob Denver Don Adams Rosa Parks who did mole
Rosa Parks are Shelley winners Corret Scott King Al Lewis Kirk Gowdy let me get back to the bottom here Dennis Weaver Michael
And Joe to measure when Jackie get old and I says out of five hundred and five votes none for those last
They let put them all together and he's still got oh none kind of like the numbers across the street put them all together
And you still don't have a number and then embarrassing
Yeah kind of maybe they got a number at night in man you think I didn't look at seven of them at night too much
I never do because who cares everybody's watching TV or just shluffin let's see oh
Again at night man there people are there glued to that I 105 they keep it on morning new night overnight wins
Oh my god look at that I risk care America went from a four five down to a two four that's the goddess to isn't it oh she's dropping bad
Man they must have seen that chair
We're got a whiff of it
QIM one two up to a one six nice going any K big increase there we're up to number 24 at night
Waxi oh no the number starts with a oh they went from a 1.9 in the
February March 8 to 8 oh point 8 must be those marlins man must be for they got hot right Josh
Right they were hot man
They want nine in a row then they want eight in a row at home and then they lost last night three to one and they lose three to one
Yes, and front of what I'm sure was a sparse a Paul three crowd
But what do you expect it's the dog days when you know so they got two three hundred people in there
What are they gonna do about it like us with the audience now?
Let's see I don't understand they're off today and then this has to be a mistake
Oh, I see this is still this week's schedule look like maybe the devil raise we're coming back from more punishment
The well the red socks that's that big holiday series this weekend the red they're gonna have a crowd and airman
Both socks. Am I right? Yeah, you're right, but they're all the right way on your seat in a big play and the red socks fans are gonna be out
As opposed to the pale hose. This is the red hose. Never see a red hose. I think on the Indian reservation against the red hose
Yes, he's a 18 before noon at five sixty W. He was the world famous Evan Cohen show it to this afternoon
What we got on tomorrow, too, do we know oh?
Bowl I see and then the mad dog returns to our league at least at the moment. It's all penciled in in St. Crayola
I'll tell you one thing that is back this weekend and every weekend
Lofts your faces back to be Friday through Sunday at the emerald coast by foreign away the best Chinese
Buffet in South Florida with three locations for you
You'll find the emerald coast in sunrise Pemberpines and sunny-hours beach over a hundred different items featured on the emerald coast buffet
Go and trim off your real cow start out with six gourmet soups eat them all man
Just shovel it down your pants and go for that juicy New York steak grilled to order just the way you love it
Handcarp prime rib they have a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes that you love as well as a salad bar and a
Seam bar, too
You won't even know what to eat first at the emerald coast and their dessert bar is spectacular to see right up practice
Let me say it again a salad bar and a
Seam bar and a dessert bar
Is spectacular during the week, but on the weekends even more spectacular
He said moh
That 40-inch chocolate found it will make your mouth water and the rest of you too as you hand dip your strawberries marshmallow cheesecake
Other than that it treats in loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out of the emerald coast
And don't forget you walk out there not only feeling full, but also healthy too
Because they don't use any MSG no crap they use only healthy cholesterol-free canola oil all their cooking too
So bring the whole family all the whole gang pick ups and strangers on the street for a real treat at the emerald coast call 954
5723822 for reservations
5723822 and don't forget to be frited through Sunday
It's back. It's lobster fest at the emerald coast each your hearts content without spending a lot of green the emerald coast is unbeatable
This is neo-rudger
The Linux is 5162A
floating ball
Black light
G-May bird is light
light
That's the back of a great bird is light
When the changing ray bird is light
The whole squad of fillets of light
Now the G-May bird is light
No one else can do the benching
We just know it's not quite the same
TVK shows won't be the same, but the G-May bird is light
Those neilestars are forever gone
Life TVL Joy centers you on
So we could you win, baby, there's no more panic left
Windchip gossips of the background to melt
And threat suffers the worst jacked rubber
You'll never know why God offers up now
The G-May bird is light
There won't be a reunion at fall
Curls us a burning wind to eat the gold
Don't be playing match games at all
Now the G-May bird is light
Windchip gossips of the background to melt
Windchip gossips of the background to melt
We still ask you where God is
Our personality never clank
Until we gave each other great consent
Thank you for match games we had
G-May bird is light
When the weekend was seen as now
Black
G-May bird is light
In the stomach
G-May bird is light
On the tip of your life to light
And on the tip of your life to light
Everyone else could go to light
G-May bird is light
G-May bird is light
Somebody says one of our factors
Dean Raybrum we got a mother I'm sure by now
And Jack Lemon
Yeah right
Now what was it that Jack Lemon said?
Push the button
Oh no, and I got it
You get all you was one second there
And you make me look like this
Stop, stop, stop, stop
You were quite important
Okay
There you go
We got 536 votes on the pool
You have little faith you think we can't get to like 600
You're dreaming
Oh
Do you like to drink?
538 man in the sunshine state
In fact we got 5 we're gonna have 540
Not a good spot on the dial
Let's move down to the ass end of the dial
We're already pretty close to it
Get away from that human interference
And Bishop did we put a runner or what?
I should probably put a handbook
Did you put a runner Josh?
I don't know
He knows you know he's got so many names on there
He's like we're ready to plot
I'm gonna go with yes
Plus nobody is voting for any of these anyway
You know like you didn't put a runner
Get out of here
You see don't belong
Nobody's gonna vote for an Bishop
Are you crazy?
To white might
I mean if Jack Part is now to vote
If Jan Berry has no votes
Last time I looked for Marlon Brando
He didn't have any votes either
That would leave me so distraught
Can you see it?
Can you find where Marlon Brando is?
Yeah Brando is
And Bishop is on there
I know that
She is in here and she got a vote
I told you she was on there
What is it?
You are so argumentative man
I must be working with Georgia
I know it's three days
I trained him on
Marlon Brando finally got three
Well it's about time some of you dead
As good off your ass
My stand major would say
If you get off your ass and call the show
I wouldn't be sitting here talking about Milky Way dark
And about who bought a good watch
I was thinking about stand major
I was at the airport
Maybe that's why I lost my Blackberry
The air is skipful airport in Amsterdam
Waiting for the flight to Berlin
Or yeah
Or the flight back to here I guess
I was thinking about stand major
I was thinking at my two grand
Probably worth about a million
By now when you think with interest
Also speak out of that thing before about the shooting people's heads off
Like Bill Hartman
A man who believed this cat was sick
And shot his head off was acquitted by a jury after a half hour deliberations
I would take it about 10 seconds
That I said nice job pal
I have a great day
Good work
This is from the Harold Nobles by Amy Sherman
I wonder if she's came to Alan Sherman or General
Awww
Some might call it the Kitty Kavorkian defense
Says
In a Broward County courtroom yesterday
Michael Stewart
Stewart
Classed the vacuum cleaner handle as if it were a shotgun
And with a fluffy stuffed animal in his other hand
Demonstrated how he shot Mama Kitty's head off
Mama Kitty being his beloved long hair feline
Which he said was ill
An acting anti social
You know what that means don't you
Oh she was a pain in the air
So like Dr. Jack the Detroit doctor was sitting more than a hundred mercy killings
Stewart decided to put her as pet out of her misery
How would you say that?
STUEVE
Stewart Stewart
I don't know, sounds good to me
How about Stewart Irwin
Well I bet you chicken eggs just fall off the couch
Stewart Irwin
I held her away so she wasn't looking at me in a shotter
Says Stewart you describing his final moments with the candy on for at least 13 years
But I guess 13 was not lucky enough for that kitty
She didn't know what hit her
And apparently in Florida it is not illegal to do this
Oh god now you tell me
The state's animal cruelty law allows pet owners to kill their own pets in a
Humane and proficient manner
When the animal is suffering and his near death or can't be cured
Hey tiny
The jury reached its verdict in just 30 minutes
Fuck 30 minutes
Quitting Steve 38 away felony animal cruelty
Charger convicted he could have faced up to five years in the slimer
When the verdict was read Steve broke down and cried
I'm sure he had nothing to do with the verdict
It was missing his little kitty cat
What do you think?
I meant
Although during the trial he didn't admit that he started drinking before shooting Mama kitty
But we testified to consume most of the tequila and beer after the act to forget what happened
To wipe it off his head you know
That's right
You decided to terminate your beloved pet's life in between shots
The prosecutor asked?
Yes he said
The French attorney Denise Heward presented the stewie as a no-nonsense guy
A heavy equipment operator who worked at a quarry
And was proficient with firearms since he grew up on a Minnesota farm
She maintained that Mama kitty's heart condition was in need fatal
She described how his precious feelings
Health I deteriorated in the weeks leading up to the shooting
She bumped into objects had a running nose and dry skin
Well I got kind of a running nose lately and dry skin so
She just wasn't being herself to leave
She wouldn't come back and meet me after work anymore
She was being anti-social
Oh
Later he chuckled as he reminisced how Mama kitty would relieve herself in front of his bedroom door
And protest if her litter box wasn't tidy
How do you like that?
In other words if the litter box wasn't up to her respect
She'd like to leave a number outside the door
I said a message
Yes
That alone
You know I take care of that
Sticker ass in a microwave
Although that doesn't make a mess
I think he took the right
I think he took the right route
Don't Jew?
Jess
Now what's the story with all these faxes?
Oh, Pete the Bordop faxes and says a pig report
The BSO, Griffith and Southwest 16th Avenue
Hiding behind the nursery sign
Thanks Pete the Bordop and what are we going to do about your fax machines
Not mine
I got a good machine mine
Maybe your toner is on on the last legs
Maybe you got some kind of a problem
I'm just mentioning that
You got a whole week to work on it
Because I don't have another show until next Thursday
For two and a half hours before the Marling game
That's how it came through
Some come through really bright
And some don't
No, but it's got the line down the middle
What do you what do you be talking about?
All right
See these other faxes
Well they've all got the big double black line down the middle
Let's not how they're coming through
You know that's the one from University
Dodge came through the black line
That's coming through that way
Because your machine is not a good machine mine
All right
You've got to screw up my machine mine
With overwhelming support from Berkeley residents in California
The Berkeley City Council unanimously
Past the resolution to the United to be the first jurisdiction in the U.S. to let the public vote
For the impeachment of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney
The measure will appear on the November 7th ballot across about 10 grand
Among those who urged the council to approve the initiative were presactive as Cindy Sheen and Daniel Ellsberg
As well as 500 Berkeley residents who sent supportive emails to City Hall
Only three residents said they were against the idea
How do you like that?
The council agreed to drop a provision that would have set up a task force
of Berkeley residents to monitor the president and vice president
How do you like that, Moe D'Appel?
Sir, they're monitoring them
Speaking of monitoring
We'll be able to have some better relations with China
Yeah, yeah
Britney Spears poses nude for cover of Harper's Bazaar
Is that kind of Bazaar?
We'll get to that story after the break up
A lot of stuff to get to here
Because we've been poaching around with these trends
Which didn't really change all that much
Except for across the street where they really went in the tank
Including one member that started with a
Oh
Again
Oh man
We got the big O
And they got the point something
And we're talking a big game
Or make a real in-rose
I can't wait to see Barry Jackass
When the whole book comes out
I can't wait to end Jim Sarny
Although Sarny ought to like us now
Because we got his buddy Evan Cohen on the second
No one understands a good guy
But you know
Just Evan know that Sarny's got to blow up all of him
Does he better tell him that?
I think he picked for it
Oh man
Hey Evan Sarny wants you baby
553 votes in Jota Masio
Hasn't got a lick
Can you believe that?
To his Murray to Marilyn Monroe
He hasn't got a lick from this audience
Stop from the audience, Evan
He probably don't look too good anymore
He never did look even in life he didn't look too good
The good news is Marlon Brando
Finally is making a little bit of a move
He's got four
Okay
Aren't you excited about that Marlon starting to make a move?
Oh that's something
But when you waste 600 pounds and eight
Easy to make a move
Ask fat boy if you ever see him again
This is Neil Roger
This is 5608
This is Mark Morgan
Is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM
Now from the channel to him
I'm going to set the QAM
Hey where's Ann going?
What's she doing with that machine gun?
Oh my god
Well, where's the wife?
She was fed up with reading one story
After another about drugs and violence
Now she wants to write the rules
And rewrite the news
In
And
Follow
Starring and
Vision
Go kill me please
I'll see you tonight at 5608
Stop
And
Follow
She took the news into her own head
What are you going to do with me?
When I get through with you
There won't be enough of you left to make a good two-take for Don Noll
And
Starring and
Vision
Also starring Karl Weathers
Dwight Flutterdale
And
Don Not
Says
Don No
There's a stationary
Grunt on the bed well
And
Both
She
Three
Roads of
No
And
Both
Coming
Two
Are we sure miss that old guy?
Don't we?
No
Or she hated me like poison
Every time her name comes up I feel compelled to mention it
Heated me like poison
This because I call her a fat old guy
Conny or I mean you know nothing worse than holding your grudge right
Great
Bitch
She's dead and Sandy Patens got the body
561 votes on the pool
Look at all the people who have no votes
Gene Rayburn
See I'll say it again
If you're going to fact something in
Hop on your PC
Hop on this and vote for it
You know they they like
Want us to do this come on do it
Do it
Put it on there and then they won't vote for it
Then that crossed your ass a little bit
No no no no
How about Dr. Bob
How about all you fat slabs who are still alive because of Dr. Bob
And don't tell me the Atkins doesn't work
It works
Slob rhymes with Bob
Right
Dr. Bob Slob
Just because he had a little slip and fall
And of course they used them
Medical list them
The the purveyors of fat
To try to say oh look at that he ballooned up to yeah
He ballooned up because he was like retaining water there
He was like in a coma
You idiots
He wasn't fat
In fact you remember we uh you remember it very well
I'm sure were you a part of that whole deal
Yes I was
What was the name of that book?
Submitting over there in the sawgrass
I think that's it
We sold over 700 copies of his uh
Book Dr. Bob
And don't tell me the Atkins doesn't work
It works it's good for you
It works
In fact you know something
In Germany one thing you don't see very much of fat people
Really very very you could count them on the fingers of one thumb
And you know what they eat?
Rock worst
Meat oh yeah
Meat man
They're big meat eaters schnitzel and brats and
Curry worse than the
Listen at and they're not fat
Because they don't eat a lot of carbs and I didn't do too much uh like you know
Well whatever who cares
566 votes you people won't care
You want to hear about subscribe and I'm not going to waste your time I'm going to bore you
Let's talk about Britney Spears
Which they also don't care about that bitch anymore either
She's her drop she has dropped out of grace
A six month pregnant Britney Spears has posed nude for the cover of the August issue of Harper's bizarre magazine
And a company photos spread inside much in the style of the famous 1991 vanity fair cover of an naked and heavily pregnant
They mean more now. What do they say that she posed nude because she didn't
I don't believe it
Look at that girl
Anyway on the Harper's bizarre cover a dark hair
Spears covers her breasts with her arms and crosses her legs at the knee and she sits smiling in the camera
What is that?
It's not nude as she's wearing a bra
Well that's not nude
I know
Harper said that the pop singer's spears was never more beautiful than when a photographer a week ago
With the first time I printed a nude photo on its cover. It's not nude. Nude means naked
That's right. Not what they were covering up all the important parts and then wearing a bra to top it all off
Jesus God almost they put out goals you know they were the bra would that make him naked?
He could probably use the cash by the way
The magazine edited since word leaked out about the shoot on Monday people have been desperate to get their hands on the
exclusive photos which were posted on various websites without permission from the magazine. Well, that'll go get them
No, let's not go get them, okay
We are already enough hot water when you want to put those naked pictures back on no, I'm not gonna put them up
Oh, or you just want to see him
Well, why do you want to see? I thought you burned out on that bitch. I am but nevertheless. Yeah, take a peek
Can let's do with the load on there can her to look at it to my knocked up and build a former T. Idol who's hit songs include
Oops, I did it again. Spears is frequently complained that she's hunted by paparazzi and earlier this month
Appealed to them to leave her alone. She wants to be left alone
She also recently came out of criticism for driving with a baby in her lap
We don't know and interview with that we know that you know about Kevin Feudeline. I don't care about her
She was real pristine and clean and now she's a mess
So I go is to see your faxes all have this line down the middle. Well, maybe it's your machine
In other words, the one you just said me did not have lines down the middle. No, are you serious? I'm serious
Are you sure you take a look at my machine, man? It might be a cartridge needs to be changed or something
No
Absolutely, no, you should take it out and shake it
There's nothing wrong with a cartridge to say on their toner low because they usually do that like a week before we need to change it
How about you toner cartridges man? I had all my school supplies right here my drawers
Anyway, Ginger says oh Ginger. Uh-huh. He say for this pool, Dr. Edward Teller fatherly hydrogen bomb a moniker he did tested
He did tested moniker bubble-like to them
Dr. Teller was a brilliant scientist and accomplished pianist a lovely man my adopted grandfather a
Supposed parody of Dr. Teller Dr. Strangeloves portrayed by Peter Sellers Dr. Teller received over
3,000 hyperburet oxygen treatments and lived and worked at a genius level until the age of 96
He received over 3000 hyperburet oxygen treatments look what it did for Michael Jackson
Thank you Ginger, isn't that pretty interesting? Mm-hmm. I mean not real real interesting
But moderately interesting and it's from a brow or number so Ginger must be in brow. What do you like that?
They must look for a lot of cash
Ginger new bowler. I wonder she knew Papa bowler
Nishra
Oh, it's big enough
Chicks
Chicks with
Tiana Bush the nation's most famous public school teacher skipping the country and building a bidding a happy adios to the young
Washington social scene she once ruled friend say that the blonde younger by the minutes first
twin has been quietly making plans over recent months to leave DC for a teaching job in Latin America
Most likely around the end of the summer whether it goes on your plans right down the turlid a barber still around
The move reflects the growing seriousness of a 24-year-old who's collegiate parting provided endless fun for gossip calm
This is found this first years in orifice. It also offers an escape from Washington spotlight
She and sister barber have always seemed to resent last week marked her final day at mom pleasant charter school
Where she taught for you in a half?
Wonder she's reading my pet go to the kids you think probably right side up
Wouldn't surprise me. Yeah, and also reading from like left to right as opposed to like Hebrew
Maybe that's it. Maybe Bush. She wants to be Jewish
That's why he was reading upside down and right to left
578 votes on the pool. Boy you people can do it man
We can get 800 by two a cloud by two and I think I'm taking the several days off that summer of plan
I think it is a plan because I'll be there on a fourth of July
Thanks god for george and Josh charcourtus man and all that they are there
I'm thinking I could extend this listen this two-day a week thing and sometimes once a week and sometimes not a week
We can extend this for like until I croak sounds good to me. Okay, long as the checks keep coming
Let's start talking contract extension norma might as well. I mean look at the number we got
Well, whatever we got it's certainly it's gigantic compared to the rest of this place. It's a number
Yeah, at least it's a solid number. It doesn't have like a decimal in front of it with a zero
500 E2 votes
What public figure is death affected you the most made you cry and go shry made you sad
John F. Kennedy 156 for JFK John Lennon 68 Dale Earnhardt 50. Oh
Phil
Phil Earnhardt Phil Harvin 36 Bob Weaver 25 Princess Diana 23 John Bellucci 20 Bobby Kennedy 15 Kurt Cobain 14
Jerry Garcia 14 JFK Jr. 12 won't run me to play that John John's playing thing. Okay, I will MLK 11 Martin Luther King
Means we don't have too many dark socialist thing out there. Why should they be different from anybody else? They're all great
Johnny Carson 10 Elvis personally nine Freddie Mercury 8 Edmick man's not on here, but we're waiting
Jim Morrison 8 Chris Farley 6 Jim Henson 6. Oh come on Jackie Gleason 5 Jim Henson's got 6 and Jackie Gleason's only got 5
Uh-huh a soft-footed a fat guy right? Oh my god Rodney Dangerfield 5. I told you I once saw him at the MGM in Vegas on a little scooter
Jackie Gleason no Rodney Dangerfield. Oh he was going. Oh, I saw Jackie Gleason the pomp and a part
Hunter rest Thompson 5 Harry Carey 5 had him on a show at IOD remember that yes, I did
What was the name of that place Murphy's Bleach is right across the Reddy field
Marlon Brando 4 and if he wrestled for same guy who sealed ball for the Duke Scott 4 John Wayne
He died with a whole bunch of stuff and Bishop 3 Johnny Cash 3 Carol O'Connor only 3 for Carol O'Connor for Archie
Ronnie Reagan 3 Ray Charles 3 Pope John Paul II 3 Charles Schulz 3 Sinatra 3 Mr. Rogers got a pair
I'm not going to read the rest of I will send you the ones that don't have any though. Look at how many don't have any votes at all
Dr. Edward Teller we just put him on and then you lady with Mitzi or whatever name was what was an engender
He can leave us send us a lot of money too. We don't have any votes
Morris Gibb Dr. Bob Atkins Jimmy Stewart Kate Hipper and spelled out with a cane. That's going Eric
You're redeeming yourself a little bit not much buddy hack it Bob Hope very Bobby bonds. Oh, it should have been very
Bobby should still be alive Chuck Bronson our turnie John Kazalfeato Jet Park Jan Berry Alan King Frank
Orson Bob Denver Don Adams rose apart
Shelley winners Al Lewis Kurt Gaudi Dennis Weaver Michael and Joe Demaggio out of 588 they got none
Oh my goodness. If you could see the difference between this right now
And that's because we're talking with skeleton crew man between the fact that the station is basically about five minutes away from being off the year and
The fact that it's this time of the year. I think we're doing pretty damn well. Don't you?
We'll take it looks to me like the whole audience voted twice already
Provinist past that would be the case across the street man
We can't compete with the juice. We can't compete with that Sid Burstein Rosencrantz
Rosenhouse guy that Don I miss fired his ass for opening up a big stupid mouth and it keeps disappearing
Well, once they see these numbers man
Wouldn't surprise me if he pulled a Tom Likus got into his car in a middle of the night and just vanished
You know headed off for GA or somewhere
If you love the fighter things in life then I guarantee you will love Stogies
It's mimics put essential cigar shop and it's in kindle of all places with suffer orders largest selection cigar
Stogies of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites
Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars a thousand free to choose from including archero Fuente
Padrone
Monte Cristo Romeo and Julietta and lots more including a gigantic selection of premium cigars and closeout prices as well as the obscure and hard to find
So come into Stogies today enjoy a smooth smoke let up a big fat one in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world
Throw in Stogies every Friday for their wine tasting from five to eight p.m
Featuring some of them with delicious bordeaux that France has to offer
You'll find Stogies at one sixteen twelve North Kendall Drive they'll open every day seven days a week
When you stop into Stogies they had a marry on the girl Sandra and Yanni and they'll give you a free cigar today
Just for being like sociable or call to reserve a box your favorite cigars
It's Stogies call this number three oh five five nine eight nine eight twenty
Tumbit old Neil to it in call say who three oh five five nine eight
Ninety eight twenty for Stogies in Kendall
This is Neil Roger
This is five sixty two eight
I hate this place
Nothing works here the medications don't work. I've been here for seven years
Nothing works here. I hate this place
Nothing works here the medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place
Nothing works here
You got me but you got three point again. I don't forget to play that
John John Paul and Paul and Paul and Paul
Oh thank you, Yanni
Listen to the sound of John John Paul and play
All going into the sea
You think of all the millionaire like J.F.K.
Good for the better play
This J.F.K. at Fort Dye Fy
Will a soul of five words of the chief and crappy playing that slow
A funnig at my head about the only way
I can feel it
Now that's the only one that's left alive today
From what they call the Kennedy curse
If Dorothy Gill Gowen was alive she'd say
Here up its only daughter get worse
And so do the sound you've got to fall away
You've got to fall away
But it's louder but it's louder
And so do the sound that John John Paul is saying
But it's louder but it's louder
Somebody see that's in very poor taste and that's why I've played it
How is he doing J.F.K. Junior? He's still dead? 12 votes
Now you touched on this before I don't want to get too heavy duty here today because it's the middle of the summertime
You playing out there it's hotter and hell
There I go
Keep it light, Neil keep it light
Get some of those great calls on there too
Yeah, you can go ahead and call but it might take some I doubt it
Now I'll take one or two
The impact of today's Supreme Court decision on military commissions goes well beyond Gitmo
The Supreme Court is ruled that the authorization for the use of military force
The AUMF issued by Congress in the days after 9-11 is not a blank check for the administration
And it's got like a section of the opinion that it quotes
And it says the point here is that the AUMF does not authorize activity that was not specifically contemplated
In the text or legislative history. This is incredibly significant the administration is relying on the AUMF
Suggestifies warrantless vise having program and then it quotes alberto v05 Gonzalez is saying audio audio
And then it goes on to say the Bush administration doesn't argue that warrantless vise having was something specifically
Connoplayed in the text or by Congress rather the administration argues that it's implied as part of a broad
Authorization used all necessary and appropriate force the Supreme Court has rejected
That expansive interpretation which is a huge blow to the administration legal rationale for warrantless vise having
How do you like that huh?
It's a good day for America baby
But your mums are bastards
Now here's another fact with oh a skipper chuck
How can we forget skipper up chuck huh?
We can't fight vote
Skipper comes in and chuck's in
That bum me out
I'm enjoying a few cashews here right now
Planners right?
We're having some pizza
Very really from Tony's
If we are
ah
Don't don't don't don't don't don't be damn
Guys I like my plan is a casual I'm not so full of fat nearly okay. I've heard you know
Mm-hmm. They're good for you
Got all the good oils in them as opposed to all those nasty trans fats
Okay, no trans fat, huh?
Tiny fat. They're fine. They're finally starting to catch out of that man trans fats
That's the killer
Not that any of you care of course is mostly a bunch of fat slugs like me
So many Q.A.M. Hello about Aaron spelling
Aaron spelling just died
Well, that's not like a familiar voice or on the phone Aaron spelling his last words
You want to put him on air? We're doing it now in honor of toy spelling
How you spelling that wrong?
5 6 7 0 5 60
I see the guy even warm yet and already they're sticking into him. Got to put him on the pool
Can't you just leave him alone for a little while and show a little bit of respect for the dead
Not this crowd W.Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, sir. I have a name for your call. Uh-huh. I'll name
Yeah, okay W.Q.A.M. Hello
W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, near how about Jesus Christ
Said I mean life at it later
Yeah, put it put put it on hold in your mind and we'll have a big chuckle about it later after the show
I'll put it in the little trick here
But all these you know, I mean I'm gonna tell you right now when you're dealing even with the ordinary audience
And you hear what we usually get and then you realize that we're like with a teeny tiny sliver of the
Dregs of the universe that's left in and town anywhere in Florida. Uh-huh
What do you expect that we're gonna get? Why do you think I got my plans?
I mean you know I'm not gonna screw up all my plans. There's the bottom of the barrel than what's under that
The barnacles where you're really good
You ever buy a planter's cashews? Sure all the time. I love you. Yeah.
One thing about me man, I've always got a can
I mean a planter's cashews in the house. We did a big one. Mm-hmm big can of it. Yeah, keep all always keep on our canvas that too
That's probably where you hide it
And the Narks come by Georgia's house just looking to planter's a peanut in the ocean. That's right.
I think a lot of time in the kitchen. Remember where Sigourney Weaver founded it was in the right carter or something remember that?
Yeah, but good stuff
I saw her for just a second. She was a clip of promo for something the other day on iFC
I just I just love her. She did that movie just um, yeah
Syllipify my love for Sigourney. We were at of course, amul her if you like her performances
It's a good movie, but made it better by her performance death and the maiden. Oh, yeah
Yeah, death in the maven. Yeah, is that like Mike in the maven? It's just a one of these good movies where you don't really know where it's gonna go or how it's gonna end and
Oh kind of like ginger. It's a stressful. I mean Jerry, right
Please all you folks out there if you want to save yourself a lot of
Angrervation don't watch Jerry no matter how much you like mad Damon
How we gonna say no matter how much you like Casey
Affleck, but who'd Ali the knows who that is much like there's no reason to like him
He don't look good and he can't act other than that. He's great
Oop plus he dies before I mean that Damon kills him before the end of the movie anyhow. So I just voted for you
I saved you a lot of time and money jury
W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I have one for the poll I think uh-huh Frank Zappa Frank Zappa
Can we leave him off of there? Thank you, sir. We just I think we did it the last time. That's right
Although I think we ever did put him on there the first time. Let me take a look
No, we couldn't have because all the names from the first time are on this one now Frank Zappa
Hey there
Let's play the whole thing
Face
My teeth this time.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my high teeth.
But don't give I am, I'm not a famous school.
I'm dressed in sharp and I'm acting new.
I got a cheerleader here once they helped with my face.
But they're better to all the work and they deserve all these.
I don't think so.
But with that, there was nothing wrong with that.
Right up until there.
I'll tell you what, you play it.
Alright.
See ya.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bobie, Bob.
Bobie, Bob.
What was that?
Bobie, Bob.
Oh.
622 votes on the poll about dead people.
How do you like that?
Only a South Florida would they enjoy so much of poll about stiffs and why not?
Well here's Josh's line, line nine.
Hey, you!
Yeah.
How about a poll of who he wants dead?
Yeah, okay.
I know who'd lead and that's why we're not doing it.
56670560, you guys don't need that knock on the door.
I'm sure that.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I sure would love to let Susan Gray rule my route.
Yeah, okay, good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay.
So he's good to hear you.
And I've got, I really didn't hear a full-dissure poll.
There's so many 1111111111.
How about Jesus Christ, though?
Let's see.
I guess he was a public figure, yeah.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
How about money, Christ, though?
Okay.
Yeah, how about Jesus Christ?
How about the moment?
We're still waiting for that.
Love a big party.
With pizza.
We'll let Brad from Tony's catered the party.
Oh, for me!
Yeah, we'll still, in fact, we'll stuff something in a can.
It's just got a task in.
We'll stuff something most casket, basket, right?
Right.
From what Reaper used to say into the beast as well.
He used to say, well, let's get to do with the jingle birds.
We don't want to get too graphic now, especially in the middle of lunchtime while I'm meeting my cashews.
625 votes.
You think we're going to make that 800 by 2 o'clock?
Oh, we can cheat.
No, we don't need to cheat.
I just don't understand.
This is a momentous day, man.
It's the 29th of June.
It's the day that sports talk radio officially died.
A wicked death.
You know who put the final nails in a coffin, by the way?
I give up.
Let me give you a clue.
Not Kelly.
Another squeaky voice.
He was on this morning with Tony Cicarello.
Yeah.
No.
Squeaky, I said.
Not retarded.
Ira?
Windbag.
That's it.
Ira Windbag.
The man who put the nails in the coffin of sports talk radio in South Florida.
We are...
Ira, I read out.
Aren't they two?
I don't even hear you.
I'm sorry.
I read out.
I guarantee Evan Coney going to have Ira Windbag all day.
I know that.
I wonder if a flea-felman and Mishmash are going to have Ira on her.
I sure hope not tonight.
I may be monitoring, so don't put that bastard on again.
Thanks, Ira.
Thanks for nothing.
You loser.
Lost supplies last saved hundreds of dollars off a seemingly parked-repeated striker, ultra-plug
Euro pillow top only from Dallomatris.
That's spelled S-T-R-Y-K-E-R just like Jeff Striker.
As a matter of fact, speaking of Jeff Striker, it sounds like that, Mattris, need to be
replacing, too, didn't it?
What?
What a little squeaky to me.
A little bit.
For a limited time, take 400 bucks off a queen-set, just 699.
Take 550 bucks off a king-set, similar savings in all sizes.
Now, this isn't some cheapo, Mattris, that other stores promote their ads.
This is a luxury, seagull-poster-peating-complete-with-memory-foam-and-premium-core-unit perfect for
the master bedroom.
But this is a special limited-time offer, won't last forever.
So call 1-800-Makres right now and find out more about the striker-matris.
Maybe Jeff actually slept on it from Seagull.
That's Jeff Striker, not Jeff for a high.
Or ask about clearance pricing out of a seedly-poster-peating-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with-complete-with
Because it stands for SCOOP-PENDIS-SAMING This is Neil Rogers, the fourth. This is 516-QK-SW-I-O-D-O-I-HAPE-AT station
I got a reason why I feel so blue. I got a radio and nothing much to do. There ain't nobody who could wear these shoes. I've got the double-shoot-I-O-D-LOOZING
I don't care now. Do I have a wife? Rick Riley told me that I need to get a life. I need a tarman. Tell me what to do. I've got the double-shoot-I-O-D-LOOZING
I don't think I ever played that before in my life. I can't remember that.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I have no way. I don't know. I have no way. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. So I know I have no life. So I know I have no life. So I know I have no life. So I know I have no life. So I know I have nothing to any use. So I have anything to do that to anything that the do that to good. Because because we have got ... because we got 6 and ... we got ... We got ... I got ... we got 6 and ... we got ... we got...
Commencements call at a primary person villager sought out software. Commencements call at a primary person villager sought out software. Commencements call at a primary person villager sought out software too.
Commencements call at a primary person villager sought out software. Commencements call at a primary person villager sought out software. Dream disabilities all the time.
A jury deliberated almost two days before we did you talk about this?
I mentioned it briefly.
Oh, well I'll mention it again.
A jury deliberated almost two days before convicting Curie Lee Kramer, 44 of aggravated
sexual assault of a child, two counts of indecency with the child by contact, and one
count of indecency with the child by exposure.
It was clear to have nine other charges Tuesday.
He faces up to 149 years in prison.
Kramer who now lives in Tucson, Arizona, gave national attention during the 2000 presidential
election when his company created the end of the accusing administration of giving nuclear
technology to China an exchange for campaign contributions.
The spot was modeled after the infamous 1664 Daisy nuclear scare commercial and was pulled
after a barrage of democratic criticism.
Kramer who had been free on bonds since his 2005 arrest was taken into custody on a
$4 million appeal bond after the verdict.
Two girls accused Kramer of sexual assault allegedly had occurred in the past eight years.
The fest attorney Charles Baker argued the allegations were invented by Kramer's ex-wife
to help her case in a custody battle.
And Coco Florida, the pastor of a rock ledge, church has been charged with raping a member
of his congregation as being held up bond.
Solid life ministries, I bet you he's rock solid.
Solid life ministries pastor Jesse French, 43, was arrested on 10 counts of sexual
battery and 15 counts of ludicrous conduct.
I bet you Sally Fitz is curious about that sexual battery.
Yeah, she figures maybe she lost that one.
A 21-year-old Kramer, he told police that the pastor began abusing her about four months ago
after telling her he needed to annoyed her with oil.
Oh, that would they call it now?
Yeah, annoying.
In the joint.
That led to fondling and sex on ten occasions she said.
The woman told investigators that she repeatedly tried to stop French,
but that he would read the Bible tour and quote scripture to suggest that God wanted them to have
sex, a port for maybe four to maybe was saying good God that's good.
French was arrested June 22 and messaged life earliest today for French's attorney
was not immediately returned.
Coco Flora, that's almost as good as the guy that was doing his puppy up there in there.
Where was that?
That was some of the similar for you.
Yeah, some red neck.
Same thing.
neck of the woods.
You know, when you look at all the hosts that Dale Earhart's got in this pool,
I'll tell you one thing though, first time we took this pool a few years ago,
it's got to be at least three, four, five.
We asked the same question and Dale Earhart, and this has to be a put on, didn't it?
I think it was right after he died.
He had 742 votes and the second place JFK had 209.
Are you following that?
Mm-hmm.
He had 36.5% of all the hosts.
They were in hard.
What's that?
Maybe all the red necks have left us.
You think that's possible?
We can only pray?
God.
Maybe they all died.
Maybe they went to redneck heaven with who did Hillbilly heaven?
Huh?
Tex, uh, Texritor.
Oh.
Not sure if you remember that song, Hillbilly heaven.
I dreamed I'd died with Hillbilly heaven.
On Capitol Records, Texritor.
I don't know.
No, John Ritter.
He was a Scott Ritter.
Which public figure's death has affected you the most?
I bet you were going to have over 700 votes
by the top of the hour.
We've got 644 right now.
Well, maybe not.
It's going to be a real battle right down to the wire for that A&R votes.
And the reason we're not at our usual thousand up to stuff
is because Eric Waddle wanted, I don't want to brawl beat Eric.
He does a fine job for us.
It's a labor of love.
Any of you who's called it really is?
I give up.
You're mine.
Because if I would have just called him or even just emailed him last night,
he'd say, hey, Eric, thanks for getting the new pull up.
But it doesn't work sweetheart.
Do something.
Dittle with it.
He would have dittle with it.
And he would have first the pull too.
Once you get your blackberry, you can just text him on his cell phone.
Maybe once I get my replacement blackberry for everyone that I lost.
At least they're sending me the new model now, the 8700 series.
Oh, the new one?
Is that the ankleberry?
The one that fits right up your ass?
It's the dangleberry.
In fact, you know who invented it?
Dory, dory, dory.
No.
That's what he was actually when he was reaching down his pants like that.
He was always just sending a message to our Garcia or somebody.
He was probably Jeff Garcia.
Nobody wants fresh breath?
You know, I was thinking about that before the show today.
Back in the day when we had all the hot naked pictures on our website.
And what was her name?
You would remember.
I will.
Give me a hit.
Carmella, this is her.
And say I knew it.
Carmella, this is her.
She was about as pristine and clean as it can get.
And he allegedly was like, she was his girlfriend, Jeff Garcia.
Yes.
That's what I heard.
So, wow.
So don't believe everything you hear.
Anybody bring any gum?
Nobody wants fresh breath?
See, Joshua, you know that because you've seen that right?
I mean, in time, oh, have a, it's just, it just makes you,
even the way to laugh or cry.
I'll choose cry.
6655 makes me want to cry.
652 is kind of like those pride parades.
Makes me want to cry or just hide in the room, go back in the room closet.
But I don't want to spend any time in every Tommy Cruz or John Robolta.
And serving that with our Kelly.
JFK 174, John Lennon 78, Dale Earnhardt has fallen mightily.
He's only got 53 in this time around.
6.1%, or 8.1%.
Phil Harbin 38, Bob Weaver 26, Rest in Peace, John Balushi 23,
Princess Diana 23, Kirk Cobain 19, Bobby Kennedy 16, Jeff Garcia, I mean,
Jerry Garcia, while you're in T. Jeff Garcia, you could probably sing just as well.
I never saw it together.
Yeah, and probably has fresh or breath.
Jerry Garcia 14, Martin Luther King 14,
JFK Jr. 12, Johnny Carson 10, Elvis Presley 10.
They're taking these polls now with his skeleton audience we got.
He's like starting into a gigantic hurricane.
Jim Morrison 9, Freddie Mercury 8, Jim Hanson 8,
Harry 37, Jackie Gleason 6, Chris Farley 6,
Roddy Dingerfield 6, Conor Rest Thompson 6, Nipsy Russell 5,
so many dead celebrities, so little time.
Johnny Cash 4, Ronnie Reagan 4, Marlon Brando only 4,
Pope John Paul the tooth head 4, Lucie 4, Charles Schultz 4, John Wayne 4,
and Bishop 3, Carol O'Connor 3, Ray Charles 3, Richard Pryor 3, Sinatra 3,
2 for Dr. Edward Teller, Fred Rogers, Robert Stack, John Ritter, Bob Keaton,
Christopher Reeve, and VanCraw Peter Jennings Don Nott's,
Nirleman Roe and one already for none of the above, see I told you.
For example, Aaron Spelling, Jack Lemmon, LeMone, G. Rayburn,
Ralph Redneck, Tony Randall, Isabelle Sanford, Rick James,
they all got one and then I'm not going to go any further.
How about the ones with none?
With zero, nobody cares about Bobby Barnes.
You know, how about word bonds?
Who?
How about Gary U.S. Barnes?
I hate this pool don't have any yet.
Morris Gibb, none, zero for Dr. Bob, Jimmy Stewart,
Katherine Hepburn, Buddy Hackett, Bob Hope, Gary Bond.
How about what's his name?
Spencer Tracy, you know he's always on these pool.
Let's stick his old ugly ass on there.
Spencer Tracy, who'd you like better?
Spencer Tracy or Dick Tracy?
Like Spencer the car wash guy.
Well, I preferred the car too myself.
1242-18-1-A-Q-A-M Evan Cohen at 2 this afternoon
and at 2-4-That Mystery Slod.
Never heard of him in my life and already I'm thinking it's going to be a gigantic improvement.
If you think you might have termites in your home,
why not do this smart thing right now?
Right in the middle, it's about a month and two,
hurricane season.
So you know we're in the middle of termite season.
So call our friends at Rida Peskin's hole today and get it you a free
termite inspection.
There is absolutely no obligation that they can you lost your house yet or what?
No, not yet.
They're doing it.
They're doing it.
Rida Peskin's hole uses that amazing orange hole,
a treatment that kills termites and the right is 100% on contact.
They're going fast and you can say where is Troy Stradford?
By the way, if anybody finds Troy Stradford, call a police.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your house and make a circus in your neighborhood.
No worry about poisonous gas.
No moving out and staying in hotels or motels for days or weeks at a time.
You don't have to worry about the food or your pets in your health
because the folks at Rida Peskin's hole use this amazing orange oil
and they don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're on treating your property,
the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
So if you have a termite problem or think you might have one in the works,
nip it in the bud.
They're calling Rida Peskin's hole right now and asking them about this amazing
orange hole treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
No tending, they just do a fabulous job every time.
Call them right now for a free no obligation inspection.
1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
And when you call, be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck.
Tore the call.
Hey, you're next Todd.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it means?
Is 5.62-8.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
It's the concert of the summer.
William Hone.
And Connie Chong.
Hone and Chong together.
Choke.
Choke.
Choke.
Choke.
Choke.
Choke.
All the memories that you know that they're showing through.
I got bigger things to do.
But worried that William and that baby's how to bow your ears will bleed.
So if not, just you'll have a stroke.
William Hone.
For the memory.
William Hone.
And Connie Chong.
Hone and Chong.
Voluzas.
Perfect.
Too bad.
All the baby's how to bow your ears.
Too bad.
We promise thanks for the first 100 people.
1247 at 560 W.A.K.Y.M.
Telling viewers that Bill O'Reilly misrepresented viewers statistics Keith Overman,
one of our favorites,
anchor of Countdown with Keith Overman at MSNBC,
explained that his audience has grown 37%.
While the O'Reilly factors has dropped 20% in the same period.
Fox's ratings are lower than they were five years ago.
Bill O 267,000 of the United Viewers of Vanishing's last June,
call Fox Security they are missing Overman said, as only he can.
Overman also speaks of dropping viewer numbers for the other Fox shows,
all 11 of Fox's regular shows ratings are down for them are down by 15% or more he notes.
Of course he doesn't mention the facial MSNBC,
don't have any numbers other than his show and maybe maybe a little hard balls
and that they're changing everything over there.
But they have read across me.
How much MSNBC seriously?
How much do I?
Yes.
None.
You know what's Keith?
Well that.
But I just started that.
Uh oh, don't worry, Over, expect to the question about flood stage,
the new home Pennsylvania, that's on MSNBC right now.
You know, everybody came out yesterday and helped.
What's he laughing about?
That's the amount of people that is helping and everybody is trying to stay positive.
It's the perfect place to live.
It's beautiful here and something that's going to happen and it's not supposed to be but.
Yeah, you guys, you're on swimming pool just to walk,
sit right off the porch and you're on swimming pool right there kind of
brown, dirty, muddy water though.
It looks like those canals and I'm still dumb.
You know, look at that on MSNBC, that really brown water.
Oh, that must be the mud, isn't it?
That's right, that's what it is.
I sure hope, maybe the cat again, you know, if your cat starts acting up,
go and set off.
That's a good lesson for all your kids out there and you will not go to the slamer
because the courts have already decided.
As you already ruled,
hey, if your cat's like ill and I can real anti-social,
but I'm being, right?
684 votes, man, we got 11 minutes to get up to 700 by the top of the air
and then the sky's the limit after that.
Jet blue, known for its swank seats and I never flown jet blue, have you?
No, I don't think so.
You know what the problem is, all these new fangirl little airlines
that get all the great red-ups like Southwest,
they don't go anywhere that I want to go.
Like Southwest, I mean, it gets nothing but fantastic reviews.
The only problem is like, for example, if you want to fly from Fort Lauderdale to LA,
this is, it takes like 18 different flights.
Jet blue, known for its swank seats and individual passenger TVs,
range-sized among low-cost carriers,
and customer satisfaction as a survey released today.
Jet blue received stellar numbers across the board,
topping the ratings in all seven customer satisfaction categories.
Findings from the study by JD Power Associates
and Aviation Week Magazine are based on responses
from over 9,000 passengers who flew on a major North American airline
this year between January and May.
You know what the best North American airline is for my money?
I give up.
Air Canada, okay?
Not even close.
Overall customer satisfaction with both low-cost and traditional multi-caven curers
was measured by seven factors in order of importance cost and fees,
while the Air Canada is not rated on that,
they soak in armen five legs.
It's called monopoly.
Quality of flight crewing, including courtesy and appearance,
in flight services such as the availability of food and beverages,
ease of check.
Oh, you know something?
I told you about the horn this flight I had back from Amsterdam to Toronto.
The horn, the flight.
The horn, the flight.
So anyway, what do they call them?
The perser.
Okay.
So she came by and of course, they, you know, and obviously I told her
that I fly a KLM a hell of a lot.
I spent a ton of money on her airline.
And so I didn't order the meal because the food there is like from a hunger
machine on a bar.
And so she made me a toasted ham and cheese sandwich.
She had it made special.
Really?
And it was damn good.
I keep asking myself this question.
Why?
I've asked this for many years.
Instead of trying to be gourmet chefs because the food on most airlines
is absolutely blows.
Why not make things available like that?
That's a great idea.
Why not have it catered by people who make like substands,
which is a right, it doesn't even have to be hot.
Right?
There's just a belly stuff there.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that be fantastic?
Yeah, what?
As opposed to Chef Schmendrick who put together the beef floor
on the whole with the, uh, the microwave.
The little potatoes and, oh, good.
So glorified TV dinners, what is it?
It's horrible.
It is just awful.
The study finds that process factors such as check in, how pastures
boarded plane, how baggage delivered at the destination and people factors,
such as hiring the right people and training and enabling them to be
successful are what differentiate carriers in the eyes of passengers.
Yet, the Lewis court, a one-ponsed appoints above the average for low-cost
carriers with an overall satisfaction index,
who are up to 820 out of a possible 1,000.
Southwest airlines was a distance second and frontier airlines was at the
bottom.
Did we hear Frontier?
Yeah.
I've flown Frontier actually.
And they are, uh, they're a, like, local puddle jumping
airline in the northwest.
That's how you have to get to Montana from Denver.
I'll be damned.
Why don't we go to either one of those places?
Among the multi-cannon airlines, continental airlines was the highest
rated carrier, excelling in check-ins,
in-flight service and cost in fee factors.
Delta was a close second and American airlines was stirred.
Air Canada was last among traditional carriers.
Huh.
How do you like that?
Good.
Could you fly American?
You fly the terrorist airline of choice and I'll stick with their
Canada.
Thank you.
We've got a terrorist.
Yes.
I think it wasn't JetBlue the first one to install those bulletproof doors
right after 9-11.
I have no idea.
I think so.
Well, the big thing about JetBlue is, uh, everybody gets their own TV
in the back of the seat.
That's great.
This fax that you just sent me, and by the way, it is your machine because
I tested, I made a copy of something on my machine.
Okay.
And there's no lines down the middle.
So as usual, it's on your ass end.
Don't feel bad about it.
Just investigate between now and next Thursday.
Okay.
Maybe you need a new toner cartridge or whatever, whatever you've got.
I'm going to get a two-toner cartridge.
Somebody says the bird, Glen Hill.
And just, you know, like he,
published in his death.
You want to put him on their hand can I get any votes?
No, I don't care.
Kind of silly.
Anyway, what were you talking about with Jim Scowler as a crazy person?
There must have been more of that.
You said that like, uh, I don't know if I can do it.
I thought you knew.
I said, I really, no matter what I said.
Well, what does that mean?
How many, um, I mean, in this business,
how much of the right to know you had with him?
How many times have you been in person with him?
Maybe a couple of times in my whole life.
Me too.
That's all it took for me.
Really?
Yeah.
I never knew it was really him.
I mean, I spent some time.
I always confused him with Bill Zimper.
Because I saw the two of them so infrequently.
Okay.
And it would show up.
I think, hey, I didn't see there's nothing worse than when somebody shows up
and you don't know for sure who it is because you don't know who it is.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, I have Bill.
How you know?
I'm not Bill.
I'm, uh, Jim Scowler.
Oh, you know, so I just say,
how you doing?
You know, whoever you are.
Why is he a crazy person?
Or is it just, I don't know why he's a crazy person.
He just is.
He's an armed, laughing spaz.
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
Here's one.
Everyone, I grow up.
I want to be just like Jim Scowler with a $30.
He's a T.
Not a T.
I wouldn't need his body.
And fancy that.
We're a confuse there.
A microphone and a thick will be you.
He's a slipper like Pokefrying
as battery equipment but even sound.
Oh, when I grow up,
I want to be just like Jim Scowler
then I wouldn't have to spend my day.
Here comes my cello.
I wouldn't have to spend my day.
I think that sounds just fine.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
16.
8.
Okay, 12.59.
The obvious question that everybody in South Florida is asking
on the Troy Stradford show up dead or alive?
No.
He's still a wall?
Yes.
Well, I usually bail him out.
Hell, your horse racing fans and poker players,
Pompadopark Racing and Poker,
has got all the plunging action you want
and will also feature a great free
fireworks show this Saturday, July 1st.
In addition to the fireworks show Saturday,
after the last race at 10.30 PM,
you can win one of 10 raffle tickets
for the $60,000 one of a kind Marlon's
Chaffer motorcycle will be on display.
Each raffle ticket comes with two game day tickets
to see those Red Hot Marlon's baseball team.
Plus for the kids, there'll be a free miniature horse ride,
free face painting and a free caricature artist
starting at 7.30 in the PM.
Located just to half mile from both I-95
and the turn pipe Pompadopark is easy to get to
and best of all, Pompadopark gives you free admission
and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing with great smoke free poker room
for the winter Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets underway at noon, goes on to midnight
and live racing gets underway at 7.25 in the PM.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Don't miss out on dollar night on Wednesdays at the track.
That's when draft beer soda hot dogs
and lots more just a bucket piece,
starting at 6.00 in the PM.
Don't forget the big free fireworks show
this Saturday, July 1 at Pompadopark,
a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
for the current racing schedule call 954-972-2000.
Be sure and tell them that Troy Stryford
told you to call around the wicked web,
it's Pompadopark.com.
Oh no, this is on, this is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Pompadopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
This is Dan Rennett for one of the final times
reporting for CBS News.
You may have heard that I will be leaving the network
for which I served as news anchor for 24 years.
CBS has basically told me there is no future for me there.
Well, wipe the dog poo off my shoe and call me red butt.
No future for me, no future for me.
This from a network that hired a party girl
to be their news anchor.
I say belonging to users, belonging.
This Katy Persons ranks cheap champagne
out of her stilettos while tabletop dancing
and belting out karaoke, which I'm told
is a Japanese-impliant singing style.
No future for me, I have been the face of that dump
for more than three decades.
Long before Survivor, CSI, or the Monday Night Comedy Block,
which actually blows, I was the king.
Yet they have the audacity, the unmitigated goal
to tell me there is no future with them, no future for me.
You make up a couple of stories about the president,
suddenly your persona non-grata.
How about that long-haired freak we have
in the radio division for all those years?
They rewarded him by sending him to a company
where the councils have their own radio show.
If you ask me, that's not too much vision
for a company with an eyeball for a logo.
Who could even believe that I, the great-damn rather,
would become a body's uselessest boobs on a bowl?
I guess the only way to ensure your future with this network
is to cover oneself with body glitter
and sleep with less moonbears.
For the record I tried, less, was less than receptive.
I have been forced to consider offers
that quite frankly are beneath me.
For example, a hosting job on the show
so you think you can dance
and a new reality show called
Milking Cows with Celebrities.
This reporter has rubbed shoulders
with the greatest newsmakers of our time.
Gorbachev, Brazilians, Heidi Plyce,
and now I'm going on casting calls
with Screech from Saved by the Bell
whose own hold was in foreclosure road.
Well, fire my skillet and rap me a bacon.
I won't take it laying down
unless of course less moonbears reconsideres.
Humiliated yet, embarrassed, certainly, but not dead,
not just yet.
For now this is Dan Ruther signing off.
I have a meeting with the people at Sialis
to become the new face of a reptile dysfunction.
This reporter is in as much shock
as Willyn Olson reading his text bill.
But I say this here and now,
I will not go quietly into that good night.
I will maintain what's left of my dignity,
even if I am forced to endorse adult diapers.
Dan Ruther reporting for, well, no one.
Seminole, wait, well, what's going to happen?
Now that Star Jones Reynolds is off the view,
how can the world go on?
You know what?
The sun will rise again.
Now that we got that Brangelina story
and at the Tomcat and the Star Jones Reynolds
and all these other very important things going on,
how can we survive?
7008 votes on the pool.
That's not too shabby, you know?
Our goal is 800 during the show.
I just picked that number out of my earlobe.
But it was a good number.
And you didn't think we could do it?
No, I didn't.
And we still might not.
You know, I mean, we got 57 minutes to go.
You'd think we would be able to on this high-priced show,
but it's still stuck there, sitting at 708.
And we got so many names on there now.
Maybe they're having a difficult time
figuring out who they are like the most.
But the real exciting news is,
and I thought you told me that this,
my space thing was going through the roof.
I don't know what you mean by that.
You got all these friends and we have 111 friends.
Well, what is that?
What is 211?
That's like whatever, that's our friends.
That's a lot.
And it's only been on there for a week.
I mean, the object isn't to see how many friends you can call it.
Yeah, something bad.
That's a lot like the money we raised for a band
and per rescuer this year was a lot.
But those are the people that are using my space.
Yeah.
You know, that are where you put it.
Based on the code you took yesterday,
there aren't that many of our people are using my space.
No, no, it's for young hip people, not old folks.
Not our old group.
Like, who falls like we got?
Right.
Right.
Younger and hip are people.
We're like the ones that listen to Daniel Abanister,
both of them with his 1.2 share.
Well, I'm going to tell you, you folks across the street,
Joe Feinberg and all you fakers over there,
we may be like on our last legs this way to your station.
We may be dying over here.
But you people are like, you need to be born again,
because I don't think you got born the first time.
Man, how many times did I tell you in the last couple of years?
You cannot talk yourself into having listeners.
You can't talk yourself into being as successful.
You can make a lot of stories up and you can blow a lot of smoke.
And you can use a lot of your cronies in the media
to blow this smoke for you and create like a cloud.
But when the dust clears and when the actual number is there,
you ain't got it.
You ain't got squat.
And that's why it's so pathetic to kind of swill like it's written
in these two rags called newspapers and soundphones.
It's pathetic, tragic, losers like that old turd,
Jim Sarni and that little piece of pudge, Barry Jackass,
the couch potato.
Oh, I'm Barry Jackson, Neil.
And a lot of what you say about me is true.
Yeah, you're a turd.
OK, you're a fat little turd with a brain
the size of a BB that goes to work at the Harold
with mommy driving every day who makes you a baloney
and peanut butter sandwich.
God, is there any wonder why his brain is turned
or whatever it is?
Crap.
Can we still say that?
Nope.
Call up Joyce and see if we can still say that.
Oh, no.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on, let's get some of the intellectual calls on here.
They get a warm up for George tomorrow.
Now, what were your calls like yesterday?
Oh, they were spectacular.
They were intellectual, funny, lovely.
There were a lot of them.
Ladies all over the place, young,
right, even breathing.
Living and breathing, the hipsters were calling
any asses all day long.
Yeah, good.
Well, I'm glad because that's your category.
Not that I'm going to need you 100.
No, you got to take care of the younger hip
or a part of the audience.
What I meant to say is they were crap.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
What about Aaron Gil?
Aaron Gil?
Aaron Gil or any two Mingus or Dina Castell and Marietta,
what do you think about those guys?
What are you talking about?
Marietta and Nina and Nani and Aaron Gil
were downkill at the SG.
I thought Kelly was dead.
Oh my God.
What language was he speaking?
Speaking English, baby.
Spigging English.
People are laughing at you, silly ass.
OK.
Was that what it was?
Portuguese-y?
I'm thinking of going to Lisboa.
Tell me all about it.
It's really big deal.
When I saw that Lisbon, that Portugal soccer team
on there, I saw that Ronaldo guy that plays them.
And they got injured.
Oh gee, he heard his little pinky or whatever.
And he was squeezing it.
He heard it.
Somebody QYM, hello?
And Neil, how are you?
OK.
And Neil, can you please tell me, because I
missed it.
I've been a listener ever since probably 86.
What happened with the kind of leaves of thing
that you couldn't play it anymore?
I know they can down on you or something.
But I never got it from where for what happened.
We can't play it anymore.
I know.
Yeah, but tell me why.
Tell you why?
Because we can't.
Because why?
That's why.
I think it is good.
OK.
It's not good.
It's bad is what it is.
Real bad.
5670560, 0.566.
That was a griepar doing a voice.
Now, he couldn't do that kind of a voice.
You know, the fact that I'm not going to go into it.
Just going to bite my tongue until it
bleeds real hard, you know, all over the place.
So it tastes it.
It's just amazing, you know?
Clarence and his boyfriend is now running the radio
station and take a look at those numbers.
Man, take a look at those trends and weep.
Why did he weep?
My God, it was great.
Asking radio station.
And it's not because they went across the street.
I mean, even if you put if you take the sports segments and you put the numbers of
the two stations together, you still got an embarrassing number.
You know what I'm saying?
And nobody wants to be doing an embarrassing number.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
You go and in Canada.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
It's Clarence.
Yes.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
You were talking about the Greek one.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Yes.
Did you mention John Ritter yet?
Yeah, we mentioned him.
Do you want to hold for him?
I hope not.
Okay.
Thank you.
What did you like about John Ritter?
I just get from the old days I watched three from off the neighborhood.
Oh my God.
Well, I'm sure glad you got that out of your system, man.
All right.
So all I can say to you is you're fairy.
It wasn't the marathon the other day.
Did we actually I mean we when we went through the list of people of God.
We mentioned him.
But we put him on.
Yeah, no, not there like come time.
You got a boat.
He's got two boats.
He's got a pair.
John Ritter had a pair.
I never would have believed that.
I understand who's a very nice guy.
Who cares?
All the people around him.
I'm sure.
Oh, okay.
That's enough.
We don't need anything more than it was a bad theme and a bad show.
And he was about as funny as that, but the chicks there were organic tumor on your kneecap, man.
He wasn't funny at all or entertaining or a good actor or anything else.
He had no talent.
Now, what's the need to sound of film?
I read it.
I just make that up.
Oh, come on.
I read a film.
The character actress from a hundred years ago.
You better film.
A writer was great.
Google it as what?
As herself.
As something.
Google it.
Filma Ritter.
And you'll say, oh my goodness, I know who that is.
Hello, any QYM?
Hello.
All right, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Did you all mention Grace Kelly yet?
How could we forget Princess Grace?
Every time we do, every time we do one of these, we put around her.
She never gets any votes.
Oh, that's not right.
That is not right.
You're right.
How about that?
And can I ask George a question?
Go right ahead.
Hey, George, what's the F4C for?
The what now?
F4C, you were saying that yesterday you were talking about it
and you had conversations with your wife about the F4C and what it does?
About the ALT-F.
Oh, ALT-F, I'm sorry.
No problem.
I'll write you a letter.
All right.
Boy, sure, Pete, my curiosity.
ALT-F, my ass.
That's the keyboard.
What the hell is that?
The ALT-F key.
It was something I mentioned in passing.
She heard it.
Well, she was very perspicacious and nice lady.
We learned justice.
Yes.
So we got Grace Kelly on air or what?
Yes.
Princess Grace.
Oh, that's Delmariner.
You mentioned her before.
And you know something?
This couldn't happen again in a billion years.
You want to know why?
Why?
Who did she just say for the poll?
Grace Kelly.
Right.
Who was in rear window who played the maid?
Delmariner.
That's why you mentioned it before.
Holy crap.
What are I talking about?
All these years, I've been telling you people
that there are no coincidences that everything in life at all
it all pieces together.
You know, it's like a juice saw puzzle.
I mean, like a...
...saw puzzle.
Can't say that for a syllable no more.
Not anymore.
You see what I'm saying though?
That that couldn't happen again in a billion years.
In a trillion years.
In the history of the human race.
That should be on the front page of every major newspaper.
Forget about wire tabs.
Forget about the bank transactions.
The Neil Rogers show falls into a bucket of crap.
And what will we do just this watch here a couple of weeks ago?
For a rear window.
Delmariner was the maid, right?
That's right.
I want to know who the ballet dancer was.
That was good.
I think it was Raymond Burr.
In his lighter days.
12 minutes after one at 560 W.F.
I still...
I think that would have felt better after doing that.
For years now, I've been telling you about the Melting Pot famous fondue restaurants.
And boy, if you haven't been in the pot for a while now,
it's the time to go back.
Especially during these boring summer days.
You know, if you can't enjoy a bean outdoors when it's 100 degrees in the shade
and the mosquitoes are as big as boring balls,
at least go get yourself a great meal.
In fact, it's more than just a meal.
It's an entire dining experience.
Take the whole gang for a full four-course dining experience,
starting with a renowned cheese fondue.
They serve it up with three different kinds of great bread,
granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next comes your choice of lively salads.
And then your entrees include the combination of lobster filet mignon.
What is it after the filet mignon?
I give up.
Oh, oh.
See, you know, Cajun seasoned chicken.
That's my bag, because I never let you do that in this fondue before.
And that's my bag.
Pork duck, portabello mushrooms, and lots more cooked in oil or broth.
And the reason I didn't let them do that is because we have to pay them for each one he throws in there.
And don't forget the Melting Pot's homemade dipping sauces.
They really make the fondue experience fun and delish.
And now the clincher is those amazing desserts.
The famous chocolate fondue desserts that we've been almost tongue-tied
with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapples, cheesecake, brownies,
and tasty marshmallows rolled in crust Oreos or graham crackers
for dipping only at the Melting Pot.
You've got pots all over time, man.
Tell me that old Neil sent you by for a real dining experience
and enjoy life crazy, the Fort Lauderdale location kindle.
Milk of a tone, crawl springs, Cooper City, and of course, prestigious North Miami beach.
This is New Rogers.
This is the vice-16 key place.
Man, that way.
How are you talking to that way?
I've worked here. I didn't come here to be mistreated.
That's what I came in a work today.
That's why I come in.
That's why I came in here.
I don't want to go to lunch, George.
We just need to get off talk that way to a working man.
That's what I came in here for.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I mean, I mean to stop with that.
I mean to stop with that.
That's not right.
That's not as long as I...
You get out of here?
Will you get out of here?
I'm trying to run an office here.
Now, will you go to lunch?
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Jesus Christ, the Christian talk,
where you're holding for the helping man.
Who is the Jesus Christ?
The Christian talk, the way we do the ancient prayer.
Who runs back, runs the holy book of the God?
Who is the Holy Book of the Holy Spirit?
That never goes down.
Who is riding on the cannon and turning the handle down?
Who is the Jesus Christ who is the crown of the rift of your brother?
Who?
Man, man, man, Jesus Christ is doing.
Who?
Man, man, man, the portion of the Savior is doing.
Who?
Who can make the Jews a doctor for fun to eat?
While they run the Bible, I can recognize your grace.
All the followers of the Holy Spirit
help us enter all the wishes of God.
And I'll let you sign the way we are snakes on the getting.
And come to take us away.
Our hearts are in the gosh of the earth.
Who will walk with the great Ayamacule?
Who needs the great people to want to get their gifts?
We put the blood and blood of the disciples.
How great to the Lord, give forgiveness.
Listen, joy, self-closely appointed to you.
Who is the Jesus Christ?
The Lord never wins.
Who needs this man?
Who needs the Jesus Christ?
Who needs the Christ foraces in Christ's car?
Ourb the grass, coming on to pull,
Good news is this she's on again, glad it was and if you didn't have any it was you.
How many times of history of your life?
Elder curlycy, twice
before twice, you know, a hundred years. And now a lot of a sudden the lady calls in
with Grace Kelly and Josh has just seen thanks to my generosity, we were windowed a couple
weeks ago and it put all the pieces together and what do you got? Let me steer it in a wheelchair
with the nocklers. Pretty boring. Except for the end. It was not boring. Every scene in
one room, maid comes in and his buddy comes in, the FBI guy, but the end was good. It
was a good idea. You know, this could be a regular feature on a show. Josh Court has movie
reviews. Only for the ones he didn't fall asleep in the middle of though. Well, he didn't.
He made it to the end of the. You're doing okay so far. You got some good ones for me.
Yeah. You got two that I did not lament. Network he didn't like you fell asleep in the
middle of it. It was too ponderous for him. I can't give a positive review on rear window
is ponderous and boring, but the ending was good. Okay, but I like Glen Gary Glen Ross.
You turned me on directly and for a dream. Yeah. I remember once and for that.
Clothes as long as. Right. There you go. Crash was excellent. What else did you know
that I see from you? Did we send him happiness or standing in the shadow of a Motown?
Right. I think that's it from you. Happiness? Nope. Very sick. Now what do you think, George?
You think he's ready to watch that? I don't know. I wouldn't have liked that on him.
What do you mean by that? It's got a lot of spodia in it. Oh, I think I need a vacation.
Here's a fact from Bill and for a lot of the other day who says my vote is for an abused
talent typical in the recording industry. Stevie Ray Vaughn rock on says Bill. Well, I got
news for him. My initial inclination was nobody's going to vote for Stevie Ray, but if
Jerry Garcia can be on here and Jeff Garcia, why not? Right. Right. Stevie Ray Vaughn,
who by the way, still dead. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Well, to make you watch happiness. It's
very sick. You don't think it's a good movie? I thought it was very good. Yeah. I thought
it was excellent. It's just very, very sick. There are some unsettling moments in it. No,
no kidding. Yeah. No kidding. Well, it's easy to do that or Jerry, take your pick. No,
I'm good. I still need to see the imaginary heroes, you said. Right. Oh, no, I'm not
going to let's see. We debated that while you were on vacation, George. You think he
wouldn't enjoy that movie? I don't know. Have you had it? Did I send you a copy of it?
Yeah, I have it. I think I'll bring it in. Fine. Let him see it. He can review a one
day on the air just like his son letting review a rear window. If I can draw a theme
or have a theory about Josh's taste, pacing in a movie has a lot to do with whether or
he likes it. I wouldn't say that that movie drags. No, not exactly. It's not exactly
fast-paced. It's not like an action-filled dynamic. Oh, I like that. Josh Kortiscale, maybe
it's a little too slow for him. That's why I like to give it a shot. Let's give it a shot.
I'm sure he can get by. Just skip the scene on New Year's Eve. Okay, that's my warning
to you. It's very short. There's nothing really there at all that unsettling, but just
pretend that it didn't happen. Yeah. I'm trying to. Yeah, and then so we're both of them.
It must have been the X-C747 votes on a poll. 747. We got 30. I think we got a chance
for that 800. It's going to be nip and tuck, man. Oh, man. It's going to be nose to nose.
Is it going to be good or what? No, we didn't get any comment about that movie. You're
hopefully nobody in this audience has suffered having to see that. Maybe the little lines
are lit up for maybe they're just happy to be on my cable last night. And it was I don't
know, Matt Damon, who I usually is movies are pretty good. And I had no idea. I never
seen what's his name before Casey Affleck. I know who he is. Yeah, I don't want to see
him again. Huh? I don't think I've seen him in anything. Good. WQA and hello. Hello.
Hello. Hey, how you doing? Neil. Okay. Have you ever heard of the movie called the
United States of Leland? No. It's not about Leland, the former Marlins manager. I have no
idea. Yeah, right? This is grandson. No, but you know what? It's along the lines of
a imaginary whatever the hell it is. Heroes. Yeah. Which I saw. It's it's along that line.
It's a little weird. Now, what did you think of a manager here? Was it not a pretty interesting
story? It was it was pretty cool. It really was. Yeah, it was, you know, there was some
scenes or just out there you're leaving it on. What the hell's going on? And Sigourney Weaver,
man. She was just fabulous. You know, once you once you once you found the good stuff.
Yeah, that's just getting trouble. But check. Check this. It's a weird movie. You know,
you got to sort of stick through it, but it's called the United States of Leland. Okay.
All right. I'll talk to you. Thanks, Maui. No problem. I okay. Well, it's like a
imaginary. Of course, I don't know. How do you say a movie is like another movie? I
don't know. You do. I've seen a trip around the cable, but I didn't actually watch it.
I've just seen it listed the United States of Leland. Yeah. I don't remember why, but the
description didn't sound. Now, I'm going to have to say that Jim Leland said across from
me a pomp and a park at the table one night was very quiet and I'm assuming that that was
back after his Marl Managing days, I believe you can say that. I already said it a million
times just like Kenny Rogers said at the other cross in the other end of the table one night.
Yeah. Did you have any? And I'll tell us to about Pete Roestead over there with some
Flusi with all those $100 bills piled up to the sky and how they were by the end of
the night they were all gone. Next, you're going to tell me you played Slots next to Burton
Cummings. Oh, did you have to remind me? Yeah, you know, I hate to admit this. You know,
all the great music that you send me that I have in my iPod. Yes. And you know how much
I love the guest who yes, I can't listen to it. Oh, no. Just pretend to be a different
person. I'm trying. Kind of was somebody inspired by that. Oh my God. You see one thing
about all you people that want to meet any of us or meet, you know, big celebrities
don't. Yeah. Don't because rarely will it be, you know, up to your expectations. It'll
almost always be disappointing, bitterly disappointing or just a total disaster. One of those
three. Am I right? Oh, and in my case, it's guaranteed. What do you mean by that? They
knew they met you. They'll meet me. They'll always be like, yeah, but let's face it.
When you go on those appearances, look at the other way around from your perspective. Yeah,
I know. There you go. So you've got you got the thumb up on them. It's probably best
for everyone that we don't meet. Right. That's the way I feel about it. Just like my coming
back to the station, man. Is it going to happen? No. No. You know, it was nifty. New people
including, you know, our management people in the sales manager guy, you know, 400 new
sales people. Well, let me forget the next Thursday morning to tell you about that spot.
I was referring to the day. Okay. 27 past one. Jackson, which one it is. He would lighten
quick speeds. The latest feature in security, Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
DSL man is for like 400 year old people for grandma, a foot call today and get the best offer
of the year at Comcast high speed internet for just 24 or 95 a month for the first six months.
Plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 meg premium speed to your free with an always
on connection speed about the 8 megabits per second. Comcast high speed internet is up to five
times faster than DSL one five and up to 100 times faster than dial up. God. Whether you download
the music, watching streaming video, playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites,
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest
of these. Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free
features like video mail, Comcast radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to
be naming a few. Not only that, but you also get free Mac and free security tools included.
So you can always be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure and annual
savings of over 100 bucks just for the security alone. So what could you possibly be waiting for?
Start doing a lot more faster than ever before. Set up for Comcast high speed internet today for
just 24 or 95 a month for six months. In day call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast calls today for
to tell certain restrictions of five. This is Neil Rogers. We picked up the voice.
It's 5.62 AF.
Suffering from a burning ring of fire.
Don't let those flames get higher. Use preparation aids.
We take you now to New York's Grand Central Station where two of America's worst singers are begging for money.
Ladies and gentlemen, the bad street boys.
In the middle of the night, I go walking in my sleep.
Wow!
Hey, buddy, I'm on a dollar. Give me some dollars.
I might get a gift.
For the appreciation of the music.
We're in an entertain.
That was horrible.
We take requests. We appreciate you. He doesn't like Billy Joel.
That's probably what it is.
How about a little Elton John?
La! La! La! La! La! La!
I'm in the sound of shot and then my feet just go so fast.
Yeah!
I think my ears are bleeding from that one.
What's the matter with you?
You guys are horrible words.
You guys are like Elton John.
How about some for the kids?
How about a little Christina Aguilara and beautiful?
You're beautiful!
Beautiful!
Beautiful!
Beautiful!
Here's $10.
Be quiet. Stop singing. I really gotta go.
Wait a minute.
We've gotta do something a little special.
I'm core! No!
You are the sunshine of my life.
I'm in it.
Keep out you'll not be my food.
Wherever you're around, I'm smiling.
Yeah! Thank you, sir.
That honestly left me speechless.
I knew the bad street boys.
The bad street boys!
134-560.
We got the award winning Evan Colin coming up at 2 o'clock.
You say what award are you talking about?
The Jim Sarni Award.
And then we got the Curtis Stevenson in 4.
Leith Lee, a Feldman and Craig Mischit.
7 o'clock phone by the advocate show from Showgirls.
You show?
Showways can be 760 votes on a poll.
We need 40 in 26 minutes.
Oh, 760-3.
We need 37 in 26 minutes.
It's like 1.5 a minute.
So give at least 1.5 a vote.
How did I hit this poll?
Did I goose it up a little bit?
Let's look. Can you find it?
I can't even find it.
Yeah, it's got a dozen. See, I told you.
None of the above has got 15.
And that's got a dozen. So we make the 800.
We can thanks to my first vacancy of having Josh put those on there.
So originally I said 750.
I probably should have left that alone, shouldn't I?
I always thought I'd better set the bar too high.
It's like being on a sports show and so forth expecting more than a one share.
Maybe a little teeny bit more.
Like Daniel Bastard did with that 1.2 in afternoon drive.
Oh my God.
Oh my goodness. 1.2 in men.
1.2 share in men.
What kind of a pansy has an upper like that?
I tell you who put them over the top.
You know who it is?
Hope.
Stubots. A real wiener.
7.63 on the poll.
What public figures death affected you the most?
John F. Kennedy, 197.
John Lennon, 85.
They learn hard.
57.
It just leaves me, I don't know, I get spilky's looking at it on the screen.
They learn hard.
Phil Harman, 47.
Bob Lieber, 27.
Diana, 24.
John Belushi, 23.
I'm only going to do 20 or more.
Kurt Cobain, 21.
And Bob, Kennedy, 20.
After that kind of small potatoes.
How could Marlon Brando only have, well, first of all,
why would that affect you that much?
He was, he was, he was 600 pounds.
He was in grotesque.
He was trying to kill himself with food anyway, right?
Stop making movies long time hence.
Yeah. Old news.
I mean, what's the point of time?
100 years ago he was great.
He can't live in the past forever.
What are why are we going to make your drink your service to his plate?
Frank Sarabino and the Palm Beach Post writes,
time for Limbaugh and colder to be model citizens.
You know, I reread this during the break
and you know something about that area.
It's crap.
Well, what do you expect by a communist in the Palm Beach Post?
Well, give us a hint of it.
And all of them, they suck.
And they suck and they're like hypocrites and, you know,
they don't know the rest and they're quits wasting all of our time
with your inability to follow the law.
Robert Scheer, you're either here, Frank Sarabino
and the Palm Beach Post are Robert Scheer.
Give us Robert.
He was a graceful attack on the New York Times.
And his usual Robert is.
Absolutely correct sir.
He said the Bush administration's g-hot against newspapers
that report on a secret program to monitor the personal banking records
of unsuspecting citizens is more important than the original story.
For what the President and his spokesman are once again asserting is that the
prosecution of this ill-defined, open-ended war on terror inevitably comes
basic democratic rights in general and the constitutionally enshrined freedom of the press in particular.
The stakes are very high here.
We've already been told that we must put up with official lies about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
The unprecedented torture of prisoners of war and a massive electronic eavesdropping
program in other invasions of privacy.
Now the target is more basic, the freedom of the press report on such nefarious government activities.
The argument and defensiveness have solved on freedom is the familiar refrain of dictators
wannabe and real who grasp her power at the expense of democracy.
We're in a war with an enemy so powerful and devious that we can't afford the safeguard of transparent
accountable governance.
We're at war with a bunch of people who want to hurt the United States of America
and for people to leak that program for a newspaper to publish it,
there's great harm to the United States of America,
but set on Monday.
The bunch of people, butchers, were fighting, was originally believed to be those behind the
9-11 attacks specifically of Somal Bin Laden and is decentralized
al-Qaeda terrorist organization.
He had pushed, propped by the neocon, click, quickly expanded this war beyond what should
have been a worldwide manhunt throughout Kite operatives into an open-ended document
of Saudi Hussein's Iraq, which is we know from the 9-11 commission report had nothing to do with al-Qaeda or 9-11.
In fact, if the media or Congress had aggressively pursued the truth earlier, rather than being overwashed,
and then being overwhelmed by the shock of 9-11, anti-US terrorists of every
strait would not now be swarming over Iraq, no-with the degenerating situation in Afghanistan,
and the enhanced power of religious fanatics throughout the Middle East from Tehran to Gaza,
post such threats to peace if a fully informed public at Elders' President in check.
Even today, the Bush administration continues to place the situation in Iraq in the war on terror framework,
instead of acknowledging the primary role of religious and nationalist passions unleashed by the unborn of the US invasion.
As Bush has continued to stretch it to cover all of his leadership failings, the war on terror has become a meaningless phrase
to be exploited for the political convenience of the moment.
Terrorism, which had been treated clinically as a dangerous pathology, threatening all modern societies,
instead has been seized upon as an all-purpose propaganda opportunity for consolidating this administration's political power.
In such a situation, the press's role as a conduit of both information and debate is more essential than ever.
Freedom of the press enshrined in our constitution of time when our fragile nation was besieged by enemies of the new republic
is not an indulgence to be allowed in safe periods, but rather an indispensable tool for keeping ourselves safe.
That's just the point that Vice President Dick Cheney, the high priest of excessive secrecy,
even in the most of manner, such as refusing to reveal the content of his negotiation with Enron Lobby's
and Premier of the Administration's Energy Policy, is been on obscuring.
Some in the press, in particular, the New York Times have made the job of defending the ends for their terrorist attacks
more difficult to say, Cheney, all but calling the newspaper Traderus.
How convenient to leave out the Wall Street Journal, which editorally supports the administration,
which also covered this latest example of Bush's abuse of power in its news pages on the same day?
The administration's attack on the Times' effect is not really about national security,
but rather follows a domestic political agenda that requires attacking free media to dare to offer criticism.
On Monday following the pattern, Cheney also attacked the Times earlier disclosure that the NSA had simply ignored
the legal requirement of court warrants and monitoring telephone calls.
I think that is a disgrace, he said, at the time, is winning a period of surprise for the story.
What is truly a disgrace, though, is an administration that's consistently deceived the public about its intentions,
in which continues to shamefully exploit post-911 fears to ensure its grip on the body politic.
Couldn't have put it better myself.
Let's go on Bobby's here, a little bit too liberal for the LA Times.
Twenty before two, we're going to make that 800 or what.
If we do, I think, man, no tardy, no holdness back then.
Get out the party favors.
Seven seventy five. I think we're alive, baby.
I think the three horses alive.
And it's thundering, and man, I tell you, it's a little on the murky side out there.
I think it's going to rain like a...
I think this...
Huh?
You're too, I think.
Well, that's because God is pretty p-oed.
You know, that's why we handle those floods in Round Washington, DC area.
God has pissed off at the bush crowded than fascists.
He said, didn't you people learn your lesson from Adolf Hitler, from the Nazis and WWII and Nazi Germany?
Did you learn your lesson?
Dabbling with fascism made the way to go.
Unless, of course, your name is Phil Hensjo Batista.
Then it's okay. Isn't that correct?
C.
141. I think we're going to make this 800, man.
And if we do, then Evan can come on at, you know, two o'clock.
Otherwise, we'll have to stay on here longer.
Seven seventy eight. We need twenty to ninety minutes.
That's just barely over one minute. That's child's play, right?
Right. Right.
How about you even a big O?
Oh!
To do that. Well, if you had that main listeners.
Hey, if you're a cigar smoker, I'd like to hear...
See that? Thinking about that ten major business again.
I'd like to kick back with a good premium brand and be here as cigars by Tony Burrani is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed in ages up to ten years.
In fact, as old as this copy.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small backs hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold of flagship lion gets a ninety one rating by cigar, fission, other cigar, and cider.
And a nine point one rating by Schmolk Magazine.
This rich flavored well balanced full body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark rose coffee.
Chocolate, spice, and pepper flavors.
Also be sure to check out their beehive the sale.
The sale is the hottest release cigar in last ten months. It gets a high rating of ninety one by fission, other cigar, and cider magazine.
It's a powerful cigar.
It'll tear your lungs out, your tongue, your cheeks, your gums, everything.
With complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper.
They're finished as long and full body with additional spice and an order charred wood.
If you want to save big money on your beehive cigars when you call,
just mention my name. You'll save forty percent off the cost of all your beehive cigars.
Just tell me that ancient neorodgers, 20 to call, 1-800-35-Bahir.
That's 1-800-35-BAHI.
A.
This is Neorodgers.
Yes. This is 5-16-2-A-K.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose museur hate on you, the you.
Seizing hate calls me or the you.
Well, we live in a free country.
That always brags about being free.
Imagine how frustrating it can be.
I can't say a word at the game with C.
Coulter ain't a woman, and a man, with an atom's apple and giant hands.
Coulter ain't a woman, and a man's.
But that will hurt you on, come on.
That will hurt you on.
Well, and it's a good Republican.
Two likes to flash her skinny gants.
With no background, all she can do.
Is lie on her back and say, kill the Jews.
Coulter is a right-wing, partisan tank.
Kill a mini-skirt and island wind.
Nothing bad will ever happen to him.
Cause evil always wins you, then.
Evil always wins.
Well, when she's on TV you fools.
Blankly stare with a little drool.
And laugh along with the hateful swell.
A partisan pundit side choke fill.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose muse are made on you, who you see.
The hateful spew.
You, you, you, you.
You bitch.
You, you, you.
Absolutely.
It's 146.
We only need just a few votes.
We got 787.
13 votes for 800.
How do you like that?
It's like when you go in a supermarket.
And you put your items out there in the counter.
And then you reach in your wallet.
And if you've done enough shopping in your lifetime,
you have a pretty good idea of how much it's going to be.
Now that you pull out 220's and it's like 38, 56.
You know what I said?
You can do that after a while.
I've got enough experience.
And the same with doing this crap here.
I mean, this great show.
Weenak, can you imagine how far we'd be over a thousand right now
if Eric wouldn't have screwed us up last night real bad?
Yeah, but what difference would that make?
No, but that made it more of a challenge today just to get to the 800.
Which we haven't got there yet.
And it's thundering out there, man.
And the rain, I'm sure, is going to be coming down.
Oh, man.
I may have to take my umbrella.
Now that all the guys are wearing pink shirts,
is it okay to buy a pink umbrella?
Like a parasol?
Yeah, with thrill around the edges.
Yeah, if you can spray your arms with aerosol,
why can't you clear your little parasol?
Make sure you spin it while you walk.
Oh, yeah.
That would have been good this last Sunday.
789.
Oh, yeah, on the Pride Day.
I'm going to have to change the name of that to shame day.
Because many of us are ashamed when, at any rate.
Most national security experts of all stripes say America is losing the world.
And the war on terror, according to a COS news article,
I'd hit the wires today by Bob Deans.
He says the US is losing its fight against terrorism
and the Iraq war is the biggest reason why more than
eight of 10 American terrorism and national security experts
conclude in a poll release yesterday.
One participant in the survey, a former CIA official
who described himself as a conservative Republican,
said the war on Iraq has provided global terrorist groups
with a recruiting bananza, a valuable training ground,
and a strategic beachhead of the crossroads
of the Oral Ridge Persian Gulf in Turkey.
The traditional land bridge linking the Middle East to Europe.
The war in Iraq broke our back in the war on terror,
so the former official Michael Schoier, the author of Imperial Hubert,
say popular book, highly critical of the Bush administration's anti-terrorism efforts.
It has made everything more difficult and the threat more existential.
Schoier, a former counter-terrorist, my expert with the CIA,
is one of a hundred national security and terrorism enlist
who were surveyed this spring for the poll by foreign policy magazine
and the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank headed by John Podesta,
who was White House chief of staff during the Clinton administration.
Can you hear the thunder out there? Could you hear it?
Uh-huh. Wow. Man, first time we've had this in a long time.
I think God is cleansing those machines that would buy them new Wheeler Forza machines
that are doing it quick.
Of the experts queried, or can we say that,
45 identified themselves as liberals,
40% said they were moderates, and 31% called themselves conservatives.
We're losing a war on terror, baby,
and that's because we're putting all of our eggs in a wrong casket,
and a lot of innocent people in casket too.
And a public sits by and they're worried about the...
Well, they've got so many of these new so-called reality shows,
and I can't even keep track, just from the promos.
Treasure hunt, and then they've got all these spin-offs now in American Idol,
and maybe you're going to get voted the biggest jackass in life.
It's just amazing to me.
It's all a new buzzword anyway.
They're all just game shows dressed up.
Is that what they are? They dress up as they have a pink purse all?
Probably.
Maybe they just have a pink pair.
795 votes on a pull.
We're going to make that 800 easy.
There's another big crash of thunder.
Can you hear it?
Oh, look.
Oh, my God.
What's going on over here?
Maybe I looked on the radar just to make sure that my life ain't in jeopardy
speaking of a bad game show.
Oh, and the re-show in the summer re-runs,
you know, there's nothing worse than watching a game show
that you already saw before.
Right?
Because first of all, I mean, let's see about all the time,
which you know all the answers,
and secondly, it's the same boring people again.
Right.
Now on wheelless torture,
they're showing the re-runs from Poor Waterdale.
798, when we get 800, it's going to be great.
You're going to hear it, get sure you're going to hear this sound.
And that's going to mean we got 800.
Okay?
How about you both of you when I said,
let's make the wheel 800.
Oh, there he goes again, making unrealistic expectations, you know?
Well, I thought...
What you both think of that?
Oh, there he goes again, caring.
I didn't say that I care.
Okay.
But you've got to admit, at least I put on a good act,
and I pretend that I care.
Oh, you got me convinced.
Well, good.
That's your actual idea of thinking.
Oh, yeah.
You think you're like, here, whether?
Huh?
Oh, yeah, you're all wrapped up.
I'm whipped up into a frenzy about it.
I'm almost assented about this,
as you are about watching a restaurant network.
Why don't you give another shot?
You still got it?
Uh, no.
Look, oh, good.
Oh, yeah, actually, I have it.
I won't get a bag of Coke this time.
Yeah, that's it.
Get something that'll keep you up.
I'm not going to say,
get a bag of Coke.
Only a druggy like George will make some kind of a comment like that on the year.
I would tell you that off the year.
798, we need two more votes.
Come on, I want to be...
When I said, oh, I'm looking at we got the 800 now.
See?
You see how it works on there?
There's the phone ring, and I wonder what that all that is.
Don't tell me I got a package.
What day of the week is it?
It's Thursday?
Yeah.
Maybe it's a call for my friends with my Blackberry.
Do you think, when that being fantastic?
That would be spectacular.
Wow.
I wouldn't hold my breath.
Although it is thundering and like, at the end of the year.
I hear it.
Wow.
I better run to lunch real quick.
152 at 560, nobody.
QM, Evan Cohen.
I think this is going to be Evan's first show, like on a weekday, isn't it?
Like in about people are awake?
I don't know.
I do believe so.
And anyway, by the way, the search is still out for Troy Stratford.
Send a search party out for Troy.
And this is obviously not a...
Somebody's just ringing that thing and ringing that damn phone.
Hurricane season is here, as you well know.
Don't wait till it's too late to protect your home.
Hurricane Shut-A-Routlet has got your...
Do it yourself.
Hurricane panels.
This is a smart way to go.
Why bother with those big home and food win warehouses when a hurricane shut-A-Routlet
is your complete source for hurricane protection.
They've got everything you need to get to job.
Don't ensave you some big cash.
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are
cut to your needs and ready for pickup or delivery.
All products are Dave Broward and Palm Beach County approved, too.
Contractors and installers are welcoming the accept all major credit cards.
Dave Broward and Palm Beach County approved.
Step-by-step instructions are recluded.
So why would you want to pay all the extra money for installation when the hurricane shut-A-Routlet
can get you everything you need to do it yourself and save you a ton of cash?
Call them at 9.5.4-237-7083 or log on to their website,
hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
Be sure to tell them that Neil told you to call.
And you'll find them by the way at 600-Anson Boulevard in the Halondale, east side of I-95,
between Halondale Beach Boulevard and Pemberk Road.
Here's that number again.
Call 9.5.4-237-7083.
If you mention my name, you can get yourself a hundred dollars savings off a minimum order 350 square feet.
That's the hurricane shutter outlet 9.5.4-237-7083 or on the web, hurricaneshutteroutlets.com.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.69-A-Routlet.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from a wreck to be used, use you to the torture.
Because they're just laying their game, in the touch, it had to be worse with the dumb who's sane.
All right, all right, all right.
I'm dying out of here
Don't lie
All the heartburn
Don't go down
Every time I see
Don't go down
That retard in dimwits
Don't go down
All my TV
He's president of the fucker
Repel his muscle band
And in our tail is idiot
I don't know why
They were swatges
Y'all have a downy's ear
First heard of it for you
And with president of the fucker
You're almost dead
Oh, what I get to
To vote for small
And get to we all voted for
And if you want this
Don't go down
Lips, drum and stupid teeth
Don't go down
And this drug in rich kid
Don't go down
He's even
Dumber than me
He's president of the fucker
You don't care what it's all
You got a man by her front
And for all of the rich
You and I
We got a great leader
With president of the fucker
President of the fucker
Okay, 159, I'm not talking here
Evan Cohn is coming up
And that 2-4 revolvey slot
Let's do a good job today
Evan, okay, they might be like
It might be like Luke Garrett
You know, hey, Walter, no me or Glove
What do you think?
Okay, no, if he doesn't find him
Although Mad Dog's going to be doing two
So maybe Evan will wind up doing morning drive
Maybe Evan will be on like from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Just do a good job
And then don't talk too much about
You know, he can talk about whatever he wants
I'm not telling anybody how to do their show
Just don't talk about Ira Windbag
In fact, I think that's one of the best things
That Evan's got going for
And probably Curtis as well
And even Gully
Is that they're not Ira
When you think?
I'm glad you're there
Well listen, have a splitted week
And I'm going to see if I can
Like a bulk up for this tough schedule
The next week
