This is better than sex.
This is Iowa's news.
Our secretariat, St. Condolee de Rife, is just back from a diplomatic visit to Canada.
Somehow this trip conjured up talk of a romantic nature.
Relations between Canada and the US are heating up.
The US Secretary of State and Canada's Foreign Ministers seem to hit it off.
Secretary of State?
A day.
I've always been a fan of yours.
Finally did, toucher.
Like lovers, I also last night had a chance to meet
our dear subscribers.
Whoa!
Must be something in the air.
I do really love Peter.
Please come back again.
Not so innocent.
We keep an unlovely trip.
Me talking us.
I love you.
When you heard us start listening to one more dime for us anyway, right?
You think?
I know.
We know.
Ten on one at five sixty WM in the new Bob Woodward Broke you are also saying,
Henry Kissinger is a frequent visitor to your president George W.
Doesn't that start explaining a lot?
Chilling.
Right.
Chillens.
Anyway, the poll, San Bernard Warrantistar,
because we already finished yesterday's poll, that's my bet.
Yeah.
I'm not going to read that again about how much you listen
to the audience.
By the way, let's talk about some ladies golf.
Right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Suspore, chill.
Oh, God.
There you go.
I didn't say bull dikes for it.
It's all the same difference anyway.
That's a good point.
Why don't you do any straight women like golf?
They're probably, why?
It's OK.
But third, man.
It's OK.
What?
That they're, that they're lesbians.
I see.
Anyway, last time we did that poll about,
are you, um, have you ever had a homosexual experience?
It was, I don't know how many years ago,
but like probably three, four years ago anyway, at least.
How long we've been doing these polls?
She is years, about maybe six years.
That's how it's about, right?
Anyways, a long time ago, we took this.
And the thing that's incredibly disturbing
is we've lost 26 gay listeners in the meantime.
And Hispanic listeners gay, 15, we've lost.
So there's 41 or they're lying.
Well, maybe it's not as PC anymore.
It's used to be because you know how we trace the URLs
and we're going to out all these people.
That's right.
Anybody that voted yes on gay,
your name will be in the front page of the hero tomorrow.
And your picture.
Have you ever had a homosexual experience
that's our poll right now?
1193 votes.
Well, that's a lot more than we had the first time.
Although I did cheat in the sturth as yesterday,
right at the ascent of the show, speaking of ascent.
No, also we never had this on the first time.
No, you feel you haven't had to drop it.
No, you feel it in 390.
You feel it.
Absolutely not.
379.
I'll see the first time we did this.
548.
That's absolutely not.
But that included both categorizing.
A few, few experiences, 130.
You know, every now and then, they're like every other Thursday.
A few 130.
In other words, more than once.
First time we did it more than once was 105.
Yes, once.
So, let me tell you in 130, that was enough.
Yes, once had 105, the first time we'd done this.
Of course, on Hispanic 97, that was nearly as popular.
That came in second the first time we did this poll.
112 people said that the first time.
But now only 97.
And the percent was like almost 12%.
The first time that was only 8%.
Yes, I'm gay.
What do you expect 52?
The first time we did the poll, 77 people said, yes.
I'm gay.
Now you like that.
So that's the real mystery.
And I hate this poll only 221.8%.
I had 1200 votes.
We got 1200 votes already.
What do you say?
Oh, right.
Another exciting?
We started the poll about four weeks ago, but that's all right.
It'll make no difference to me.
More good news from Iraq.
Let's get this out of the way right off the bat, so I don't get accused of you know,
peeing on everybody's parade.
The bodies of 40 men who were shot and had their hands and feet found have been found in the capital
over the past 24 hours.
Police said in Iraq today, well, what's 40, you're dead people, you know, among friends.
All the victims showed signs of torture.
Police Lieutenant Thayer Makhmood said, oh, Makhmood.
They were dumped in several neighborhoods in both eastern and western Baghdad.
The top US military spokesman in Iraq made you general William Caldwell.
Yesterday said murders and executions are currently the main cause of the civilian deaths in Baghdad.
It's a blood bath.
Much of the violence has been attributed to death squads.
Many of which are thought to be offshoots of mainly Shiite militias.
Also today, two Iraqi soldiers were killed and ten others were injured in a suicide car bombing
in part of Baghdad where American and Iraqi troops just could have today security.
So we've obviously didn't do a very thorough job.
They like that.
They always got finished with their, they were sweeping it.
And they went to Bomba, Grande.
Remember that story we had yesterday about the little countertops on the flight from Peru to Miami?
Yeah.
This is better.
Even better than we thought.
Well, there's a little more detail now.
By the way, T.O. did not try to commit suicide.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No, he did not try to commit suicide.
Yeah, I told you he didn't.
No, he wouldn't do that.
We just found one or two more queens.
I mean, the gay people out there.
Insults and elbows and an iPod to bring a near brawl on Lima to Miami flight.
Look at this, sweet of dangerous.
What's that?
Plains or iPods?
iPod.
I like my iPod.
I don't give a crap what you say.
The speed between two passengers over personal hygiene and an iPod boiled over to dramatic
confrontation.
Well, by the way, I should mention that I got a good machine yesterday and that it was amazing.
I was kind of skeptical.
Two Wednesdays in a row.
Found a really hot machine there.
I know this sounds silly because I've had plenty of days when I've lost my ass there.
But I started to feel guilty hot machine there.
I know this sounds silly because I've had plenty of days when I've lost my ass there.
But I started to feel guilty because people are looking.
I had this, I don't know.
I had a premonition at machine number two.
I was doing okay and the other one I was on.
I hit a 500 on the wheel and I was always ahead right off the bat.
But that number two, I just had a feeling.
You ever have a strong feeling about a number two?
Yeah, probably a real thing.
Yeah, right now is that a fact.
Yeah.
And I sat down with that machine and it gave me two spins at 500 apiece within like about three or four minutes.
And I'm thinking, well, that's pretty damn good.
Yeah, that's pretty unusual.
Then about five minutes later I get 1500 on the line.
And people are saying, wow, that's a good one.
And of course what they're really thinking is you bastard, why didn't I do it?
Oh yeah, that's what they're thinking.
Then about three or four minutes later I get 400 on the line.
You know, like red seven purple seven five times, 400 more on the line.
I think this is a hot machine mine.
Then maybe ten minutes later I get a spin for a thousand.
And this couple of next to me they're like, I think they're ready to take out a crowbar and start attacking me with it.
Where's the magnet you faggot?
And then like, I start to get a spin for like 60 almost right away and I'm playing a couple more minutes.
I get another spin, another thousand.
I like that, Josh.
That's a good day.
And it was very good day and I had a good day.
That's what I said.
Good day and I paid me and I went home.
I was known by five like last week, took me to six this week.
So I was a good thing I changed the pool.
How do you like that man?
Just a little, I don't know what that is.
Is that called a psychic, a premonition or a blind luck is what it's looking?
But no, I had a feeling about that machine man.
That number two machine.
I'm psychic.
What I should do is when I go in there, I should just stand there like, you know, I directly feel it.
Yeah, just stand there and like look around and close my eyes.
And then if there's somebody on the machine that I get the vibes on, just drag them off the machine.
Maybe you could get a divining rod.
Then not bad.
I've seen a few of those.
I bet.
They were divine.
A dispute between two passengers over personal hygiene and iPod, boiled over into a dramatic
confrontation that resulted in FBI investigation authority said it happened on American Airlines
flight 918, originating in Lima, Peru.
It involved two men.
I've seen the thing about personal hygiene.
I can understand that.
How many times have I told you those stories, especially at Woodbott?
Oh man, somebody playing next to you and you want to swim.
Oh God.
Have you ever seen a bar or so?
It involved two men, a 56 year old Japanese national and a 20 year old jockey from Louisville.
Your names were not released.
I didn't know that part about the jockey.
I didn't even see that.
How do you like that?
Huh.
Witnesses said they noticed the older past directing strangely from the beginning of the flight.
Maybe the jockey had some horse droppings on his boots.
Even before the confrontation he left his ass-sign seat and laid down in the aisle.
They said, hey, the older guy.
And it's a little strange.
He also asked for a glass of water and poured it on his head.
According to FBI, I spoke to him in Jody or a waylon.
That's a little unusual.
He laid down in the aisle and poured a glass of water on his head.
He was scared like he was having a panic attack said, Marisela, a passenger who didn't give her last name.
I wonder if she's kind of Maris Grisi-ass.
Matters escalated when the man said down beside the 20 year old from Kentucky, the jockey.
Roughly two hours into the flight, the older man made a comment about the younger man's personal hygiene and spreading with perfume.
How do you get the perfume on the plane?
That's a good question.
Yeah.
The younger man took out an iPod, presumably to attempt to ignore his neighbor, according to investigators.
But this only adjusted the older man further.
He began elbowing the young man violently.
elbowing.
The older gentleman thought the iPod wasn't good for the plane or a waylon.
He probably thought it was a self-hunt.
Well, he's an old guy from Peru.
Oh, he's Japanese accent.
Old Japanese guy, what does he know from iPod?
Although it probably was made in Japan.
Probably.
Past years became frightened.
He had a lot of his brain nervous said Julio Anaya, adding that at one point the older man reached for an emergency handle on the aircraft door.
The younger man alerted the flight through and the older man and he were separated.
The aircraft arrived to Miami escaped at around six o'clock yesterday morning.
Witnesses were allowed to be plane, but two antagonists were detained for questioning.
Because the old occasions took place over international waters, the FBI handled the investigation, after several brief interviews the man were free to go.
Oh, the younger man continued to smell bad.
He continued on the Kentucky.
The older man's waiting flight to Japan.
Investigators noted the older man was barred from boarding a flight in Lima earlier this week due to unusual behavior in the airport.
In other words, if anybody, any peruvian guy gets under plane, I'd run off before it starts getting pushed back.
I'd run off the plane.
So let me out of here.
I'll wait for the next one.
I went over the hell that is.
Well, let's see, we're up to 53 gay.
And the percentage is dramatically here.
We had like 8.1% gay audience last time and not only 4.2% almost half.
Remember that song by the Kingston trio?
Where have all the faggot's come into?
Flowers gone.
I don't know.
Maybe it's I think it's that drop in.
You fail.
I think that's offensive to a lot of people listening out there and you better stop playing it, okay?
You fail.
Wow.
These are the days, baby.
Folk music.
People dying in Vietnam.
Everybody all.
We're fine.
We're fine.
We're fine.
We're fine.
We're fine.
We're fine.
I don't know.
But I was really something at that time when you didn't find the MTA.
I didn't need to play it again.
Remember?
Yeah.
How do you look for that?
The MTA.
Will be ever returned.
That was good.
If you lived in Boston, you knew what it was about.
If you didn't, you had no idea what the MTA even was.
It was the triumphant souls.
And before I thought it was...
How's this called the team?
People look Boston with rally bravely whenever the rights are...
Oh.
Oh, look at this.
Somebody fags his history and how did I miss this?
I don't have this in my pile.
Pines man cleared and shooting your pet cat.
For the mercy killing, I understand.
The prosecutor said it was a senseless killing of a cat with a treatable skin disease
and an undetectable heart condition.
This isn't the best copy I've ever seen in my life.
It's a little abory.
The defense lawyer said, Michael, what is that?
Do a stave?
Stove?
What is that?
I'll bring you a pointy of start over here.
Maybe the cat was dark too.
Shot Mama Kitty, his beloved cat of 14 years to put her out of her misery.
Oh, poor Mama Kitty.
Hey, Mama.
After hearing two days of testimony,
you took a brow at circuit cord jury about 35 minutes yesterday
to find him not guilty of animal cruelty.
If convicted, this stewie, whatever's name is 38, a pepperpine,
a heavy equipment operator could have gone to prison for up to five years.
When the court clerk read the Virgin Judge Michael Kaplan's courtroom,
he gasped through a firsthand and broke in his tears.
Stewie, neighbors and friends testified that Mama Kitty, a petite black and white long hair,
been in physical decline for several weeks prior to the shooting,
eating poorly, losing hair, misjudging their ways,
and bleeding from her ears and nose.
Other matches?
Nasty.
Nasty.
Bleeding from her ears and nose.
They had all tools to eat.
He needed to do something about Mama Kitty.
He said he wrestled with the decision and all of a sudden,
put her in.
There you go.
What's so amazing about that?
I've always said the best cat is a dead one.
Nothing but what's amazing is that they put this guy in trial for it.
Yeah, they're wasting your taxpayer dollars to have a trial over this.
The kitty cat was bleeding and dying and he put her out of her misery.
Can you plus the damn thing?
It was 14 years old.
Believe me, that's for a cat 14 years too long.
The biggest name, so best talent to the business.
Let's talk about you, Joss.
That's what we live for my city.
I'll teach you a AM.
Alright.
Smoked from dope again.
Hanging on the bus with a couple of friends.
Stay police, stay down in inspection once again.
And busted me with four rooms and lots of pounds.
On the road, my friends.
They had the torment point over on the highway.
Did it search my friends?
And the trooper got a whiff of smoke his way.
Canada's school carry.
Close the dorm, my friends.
Come on in, we'll fill the bowl again.
Pretty colors from the mushrooms never end.
And look at their way just fancy and end.
Yeah, we got busted on the road again.
Alright.
Yeah, my glaucoma's never gonna end.
We just got busted on the road again.
Poor Miss Understood really, man.
Miss Understood old, cute.
1018 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Here's a great editorial in New York Times.
I noticed that they're getting praised for finally getting off their ass.
Finally, better late than never like the one article said.
In the smurfing's chimp.
Editorial rushing off our cliffs is in New York Times.
Here's what happens when this irresponsible Congress railroad's a profoundly important bill
to serve the mindless politics of a midterm election.
The Bush administration uses Republican sphere of losing the majority to push through
ghastly ideas about anti terrorism that will make American troops less safe
and do lasting damage to our 217-year-old nation of laws
while actually doing nothing to protect the nation from terrorists.
Democrats be trade their principles to avoid last minute attack ends
our democracy is the big loser.
The Republicans say Congress must act right now to create procedures for charging and
trying terrorists because the men accused of plotting the 9-11 attacks are available for trial.
That's pure propaganda.
Those men could have been tried and convicted a long ago, but President Bush chose not to.
He held them in illegal detention, had them questioned ways that will make real trials very hard,
and invented a transparently illegal system of kangaroo courts to convict them.
It was only after the Supreme Court issued the inevitable ruling striking down Mr. Bush's shadow penal system,
maybe adopted his tone of urgency, it serves as a cynical goal.
Republican strategists think they can win this fall, not by passing a good law,
but by forcing Democrats to vote against a bad one so they could be made to look soft on terrorism.
Last week, the White House and three Republican senators announced a terrible deal on this legislation
that gave Mr. Bush most of what he wanted, including a blanket waiver for crimes and
Americans may have committed in the service of his anti-terrorism policies.
The Vice President Dick Cheney and his William Lawmakers then rewrote the rest of the measure
that it would give Mr. Bush the power to jail pretty much anyone he wants for as long as he wants without charging them
to unilaterally reinterpret the Geneva Convention to authorize what normal people consider torture
and to deny justice to hundreds of men captured in error.
These are some of the bill's biggest flaws.
On enemy combatants, it dangerously broad definition of illegal enemy combatants in the Billboards of Dick legal residents of the U.S.
as well as foreign citizens living in their own countries to summary your rest and indefinitely
tend to with no hope of appeal.
The President could give the power to apply this label to anybody he wanted.
On the Geneva Convention, the bill would repudiate a half century of international precedent by allowing Bush to decide on his own
what abusive interrogation methods he considered permissible.
At his decision could stay secret, there's no requirement this list would be published.
On habeas corpus detainees in U.S. military prisons will lose the basic right to challenge their imprisonment.
These cases don't clog the courts nor coddle terrorists.
They simply give wrongly imprisoned people a chance to prove their innocence.
On judicial review, the courts would have no power to review any aspect of this new system except vertex by military tribunals.
The Billboard of the Limit Appeals and Var legal actions based on the Geneva Convention directly or indirectly.
All Bush would have to do to lock up anyone for ever as declaring an illegal combatant and not have a trial.
On coerced evidence, it would be permissible if a judge considered it reliable already a contradiction in terms and relevant.
Coercedness defined in a way that exempts anything done before the passage of the 2005 DTME treatment act and anything else Mr. Bush chooses.
On secret evidence, American standards of justice prohibit evidence and testimony that skipped secret from the defendant whether the accused is a corporate executive or a mass murderer,
but the bill is redrafted by Mr. Cheney seems to weaken protections against such evidence.
And on offense is the definition of torture is unacceptably narrow a virtual reprise of the deeply cynical memos the administration produced after 9-11.
Rape and sexual assault are defined in a retrograde way that covers only forced or forced activity and not other forms of non-consensual sex.
The Billboard effectively eliminate the idea of rape as torture.
There's not enough time to fix these bills, especially since the few Republicans who call themselves moderates have been whipped into line,
and the Democratic leadership in the Senate seems to have misplaced its spine.
If there was ever a moment for filibuster, this was it.
We don't plan the Democrats for being frightened, and Republicans have made it clear they'll use any opportunity to break anyone who votes against this bill as a terrorist enabler.
But Americans of the future will remember the pragmatic arguments for caving into the administration.
They'll know that in 2006, Congress passed a tyrannical law that will be ranked with the low points in American democracy, our generations version of the alien and sedition acts.
That's the newer times that it's real. And like I said about time, woke up and sniffed the pan's easter the lilacs, the daffodils, wake up and smell the coffee, especially if it's from Starbucks.
So I got a story later about the color brown. Well, different colors. Remember that brown splotts on the guy's pants? Yeah, what about it?
We can probably just let it Starbucks.
Oh, we got 56. Yeah, maybe we'll get to that 77, but the percentage is very, very low.
Because the votes we got 1275. The first time we did that poll was only 947. So we got like over 300 votes more now.
So that means we got a lot more people voting on the poll, but just fewer than more.
Yeah, okay. I'm sure makes you very happy. You know, all these years that you've been trying to chase those poor bastards away.
What do I care? You just want you to relax, Jesus God. I'm not talking to anyone. I'm trying to josh.
Oh, okay. Yeah, he cares a lot. Hate some faggots.
So I heard Republican Charlie Chris. Oh, speaking of that, what a segue. And I see you leave me down the garden path again.
Republican Charlie Chris holds a commanding lead over Democrat Jim Davis and Florida's race for governor, helped by a barrage of TV ads and strong crossover support from Democrats, crossover support, according to Orlando Central Poll release Tuesday.
Chris leads Davis 51 to 36 percent. It's a glanslide, baby. With 11 percent on the side, another 2 percent backing other candidates like Haini Manouche and Ish Kabibble.
Chris has had the money to stay on TV. People know him and generally like him said Brad Coker, managing director of Mason Dixon Polling and Research,
where connected the survey for the Sentinel and WESH channel to Orlando. Wesh, but Davis still isn't known to one in five orders. He's a blank slate.
And Chris is going to be able to find him anyway he wants. Coker added. I wonder if he's kind of Larry Coker.
Why sure? Hope not for his sake. You know, that old Larry Coker, the U.M. coach that everybody wants to get fired now. Fire is old ass. Come on.
Now, with their all saying, John, yeah, my last two games, you can't do that. Only game that they won was against like a little girl's blind school.
What's a little girl golfers? Chris to one of Republican nomination by a two to one ratio in the September five primaries been airing TV ads across Florida since May.
And is known to a remarkable 98 percent of Florida voters who don't care that he's gay. They don't care about that.
More than half these voters give Chris favorable marks based on what I have no idea. But he's a hell of a guy, man.
And that's they think Chris Christ in our same thing in the pre-match the same Charlie Christ. Sure. Jesus. And of course Jesus for those sandals and a lot of people said he look kind of.
Yeah, Chris, the states attorney general draw support from 24 percent of registered Democrats, a troubling sign for Davis.
He's been focused on both the reason for the labor unions and black voters usually reliable democratic basis that the nominee clearly steals feel still feels compelled to woo after the Democratic primary. He's pitching woo.
That combative contest which Davis won by six points over Rod Smith was still echoing Tuesday with a two formal rivals finally appearing together for the first time since the vote by contrast.
Christians defeated primary opponent Tom Gallagher through the state within 48 hours of that contest and a short Republican solidarity handing into the November set of general election.
Davis's message has been muted by his lack of money. Chris had almost two million dollars in his campaign account by last weekend.
Which did not include proceeds from a random fundraiser last week featuring Bush and ever unexpected a race $3.3 million of the candidate and the state Republican party.
Davis had just 411,000 in the bank or the campaign reports final last weekend. Come on. Let's cut loose with some cash man for Jim Davis George.
Oh, yeah. I got a lot right here. I should have a big fat one. Can I write it out right now? Thousands. He's got 400,000 in the other guys. He got like 3.3 plus what was it?
Two they got like five million. Yeah, 5.3 million. They got 411,000. They've got a China man's chance in Okinawa. Davis is only inches among black voters. The Tampa Congressman leads Chris 79 to 7% among blacks.
And we need to get there all the black people are voting. Sure. All the white people home is not the way to do it. Kind of like turn around it. Do it.
Turn around the square play. That's what what's his name used to say in a Hollywood square is Peter Marshall. Remember that Peter Marshall turn about a square play.
What do you mean? What would come back? We're going to like go over the list of all the great stars from Hollywood squares like Cliffarkette, Charlie Weaver, Paul Lin, Paul Lin, Vincent Price, George Goble.
Buddy Hackett, yes he could. Girl Channing, Rosemary, wow God.
You're having a controversy. You'll show today on dollars from the past. What is it? You're having a controversy. You'll show on colors from the past. No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're a bit. Bits that you're doing. Sure. What are you talking about? You're playing old bits. No, no, I'm not. We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a card on it. I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? The part that gave it, sir. That was one of my. Yes, sir. Yeah, appreciate to not play that. I've got you.
You're getting a letter. You received your letter. Your game. Your game. Did you receive the letters? Your game. Your game. Sir, your game. Did you receive the letters? Your game. They'll be a lawsuit. Your game. Sir, your game. No, your game, sir. Your game.
What was he trying to say? You're fair. I know you missed him a lot. Oh, yeah. So I figured something I didn't do. You know, just to make up for it last time. We kept the best part of it. Yeah, that's right.
Welcome. 1300 and two votes on the pool today. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? We're not tracing the calls. Don't pay any attention to George. All of it will be a little mock on your door and then we'll drag you around. So maybe the rest of you too.
1302 have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, you're very. You're very. 420. Absolutely not. 409. A few 149. Well, if you could be like anywhere from like five or six or maybe 20 or.
30, 30, just a few. In fact, that would be a good poll question for you to take one day. How many homosexual experiences does it take to make you gay? Two of them saying, okay. I'm gonna answer. One. Sure. That would be your answer.
Because you're such a hard ass. So would all the straight guys agree with me. Yeah, you know, wouldn't it agree with me? Who's that? The gay guys? Oh, like me. A few 149. Yes, once 140 once was enough. Of course, I'm Hispanic. I'm ridden too. That's 10 shy of what we had the first time we did the poll 80 million years ago. Yes, I'm gay.
Yeah, 59. That's 18 shy. We're still sure to that 77 and I hate this poll. Only 23 1.7%. What's the hate about this poll? Nothing. Maybe it's not we gave 300. What? Maybe it's because it's gay. Is that what it is? A little gay. Speaking of that, according to Pulitzer winning Washington Post journalists, I think that's supposed to say Pulitzer prize winning Washington Post. What is this on a raw story? Well, what do they know? Bob Woodward says former National Security Advisor and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger makes regular visits to see President
and Bush. Doesn't that tell you a lot about why so many innocent people are dying all over the world? I think you should get when this war criminal is a regular visitor to see your president. Well, I guess Jack Abramack can't go there anymore. So we got to have somebody come in to see him. Woodward is said to appear on Sunday's edition of 60 minutes to talk about his new book. State of denial Bush had wore three, which will hit the bookstores on Monday.
God's have columnist Liz Smith first reported a scoop about Kissinger and their column published earlier today at the New York Post. One thing to plan, of course, I can't click on the New York Post website because anything it's got to do with Rupert Murdoch, my computer automatically filters out. It's got a BS filter. One thing the book will tell us is that former Secretary of State and National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger is a regular visitor to President Bush.
Smith, the president likes to receive visits from Nixon's former and most famous aid. And he urges Dr. Kissinger to call him anytime he's in Washington, the column goes on. This will come as a surprise to the many who think the president doesn't listen to anybody she wrote. Maybe just listen to all the wrong people think like Dick Cheney and the Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and William Crystal, all the Neo-Con's. These are the guys that put the con in the Neo-Con that put the grave in gravy. Remember, David Gravy line? They put the grave in gravy. Kissinger, what we know about this, he did this with Nixon and then
that with Ford and killed a lot of people in line through his teeth. In November 2002, Bush appointed Kissinger to head the 9-11 independent commission. But soon after many 9-11 families complained and the media was like charting and puking and spitting blood and Kissinger stepped down, setting possible conflicts of interest due to his consulting firm. Right. And the fact that nobody wanted the Bushroof of Vietnam and Cambodia. And yeah, it's a compulsive liar. See, I'm starting to get like a tongue tie. It gets me so furious and angry. Pist off and fired up.
It's almost like talking about ladies golf. So what are we doing a show on that, ladies golf? Yeah, I know you're gonna play that. Another dike thing, man. Throw with that. Can't play it no more. Can't play that no more. Yeah. Can't do it. That's clean. LPGA. The hurt is you're getting out of here. What's that got in there that's objectionable? Something a lapper of crap or I don't know. No, it's not. You're crazy. You're right. No, no. What's the matter with lesbian?
We're in golf. We can't you tell we really love him. New balls. Right right right off the bat. You're in trouble. Right off the bat. I know Donna. She'll lately is very upset about them hitting balls. She's really peered about that.
Rolling down. Boy, now they play Houston again this way. Houston must be really bad. Other talk about it. They're all right. We got the dolphins playing the Houston Texans, which is a little girl's expansion NFL team that gets pounded by anybody they play. Even crappy teams like the dolphins. So there's a Miami win for it.
And then the university Miami, which can't be like a real school or playing little girls team in Houston this week. They can't be very good. How good can they be? They're they score a lot. I'm not talking about their sex lives. I'm talking about their football. I'm sure that them football players all score a lot sometimes with each other when nobody's looking or maybe when some guys are looking.
Fan asked governor, Jeb Bush. Oh, brother. Want to be something to get him out of there. Even if we have to put up with Charlie. Chris Christ. Governor, Jeb Bush will join more than 300,000 middle school students throughout Florida today and an attempt to break the Guinness World Record for most people reading aloud simultaneously in multiple locations.
Now they include me and I because I'm reading out loud. Do I get counted or not? Probably not. Jeb but I he probably don't want no part of me getting involved in that.
The correct Guinness World Record for the largest number of people reading the same piece of literature allowed simultaneously in multiple locations was said in 2004 by 155,528 students from a 737 school throughout the UK.
You got those numbers down now. Good. Yeah. Today middle school students will attempt to break that record via live public broadcast and webcast at 11 o'clock this morning, just a few minutes from the Disney MGM studios at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Boinovista.
During the program, fat ass governor Bush will leave a statewide read aloud session. I wonder if he's going to read my pet goat. Oh, no, he's not using a lesser from the book Peter and the star catchers by hero.
He were humor comments Dave very and really Pearson humor comments my ass. Bush will join in fact, you know what Dave very is like a humor reminds me of who's the guy that we can't stand Bill Mark Bill.
That's your reminds me of maybe about two inches shorter. Bush will join the Senate governor Tony Jennings and other dignitaries along with 120 middle school students today in just 20 minutes boys and girls.
You're ready to read our loud in English, by the way. Now you have to read this English or not probably not.
Not in Florida. Well, I ask a James Mexican wife among these South Florida Columbia among these South Florida participants will be students that ramble with middle school and
the games will watch the broadcast and read along the excerpt students will read can be downloaded from just read Florida website just read Florida dot com.
So maybe we can we get counted if we read our loud at 11 o'clock from what is the book again my pet goat. No, it's Peter in the star catchers.
Oh, but it's by Dave very not reading that. I know a lot everybody's convinced that they very very funny and he's the one always awards and his
columns and all these newspapers. He's about as funny as cancer of the kneecap man. He is tragic. God. I mean, you know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about.
What is the story of the state of mind? He is to humor what the Rascal House is to food a state of mind.
Or should I say that I love the Rascal House don't you? Especially when they spill something like on your land.
The biggest name of that talent.
The business. We arrived for radio 560.
George Bush doesn't care about black people. Hi.
The coffee fly is being maybe heard about the gay softwood tournament about to take place down in Nashville.
Well, I happen to be the manager of the softball team at the Putnam way in where we really enjoy Putnam way in.
Okay, we're looking for players really on real and believe you made this plenty of openings to be filled.
Maybe you're the right man for the job. Listen, we'll do everything we can to get you in your favorite position.
He emphasized the squeeze play, the grand slam, singles, doubles, triples, whatever, you know, tickles your feathers there.
Bases on balls. That sounds painful.
Well, it is, but it's a good hurt. I think you know what I mean.
Listen, whether you're a pitcher, a catcher, or just playing the field, come on down and try out.
Everybody makes the team. It makes the team. It makes the team.
And if you can't make the team, you know, it's the abor boy.
Guys, you don't have to be great. All right. I mean, there's no embarrassment if a fly should drop or if you pop up with something like that.
And if you get tagged, that's okay too. I mean, really, let's face it.
What's better than being slapped with some hard leather when you're sliding home.
Another speech you might enjoy about the situation is we play games where we're tied up for hours.
All right. So let's talk to Harvey. Come on down and play in one of the tightest divisions you'll ever find.
But just remember the rules. If you're not safe, you're out.
1047 and 560. During the break, I finally figured that out where I lost touch with the gay community or the so-called, you know what it was?
I give up. Broke ass mounting. You know what? You're right. I forgot about that.
The fact that I'm stuck off to that movie and I said it was a piece of crap and I wouldn't watch the rest of it.
And I just shut it off and miss his dream, so to speak. It's just garbage man. There was a big outcry because of that.
That was a big hoopla. And the gay just turned this thing off.
Because we got 59 and say, yes, I'm gay on this pool. We had 77 out of much fewer votes the first time. We had 8.1%.
Unless maybe they've been saved. We've got those treatments, you know, and they had those right classes therapy.
Now maybe they're like ex-gays. You can take a poll on that. Jesus can heal you of your home of such battle.
You can heal it. I didn't know it was bleeding. Maybe like that cat that was bleeding from the nose in the ears. That was disgusting.
Don't forget if the cat starts bleeding. Call a neighbor over to shoot it.
The leftist presidential frontrunner and Ecuador said yesterday that the devil should be insulted by comparisons to President Bush.
Who we call a dimwitted, he called Bush a dimwitted leader who has done great damage to the world.
Rafael Carrera, Carrera, CORE, career. Speaking to Channel 8 Television in Quito, Ecuador,
referred to a UN speech last weekend by a friend Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez who caused the upper and US for calling Bush the devil, El Diablo.
Calling Bush the devil is a fendin' of the devil said, Carrera, a US trained economist who leads 12 of the candidates in polls ahead of the October 15 election.
He said the devil is evil but intelligent. I believe Bush is a tremendously dimwitted president who's done a great damage to his country and the world.
Carrera said, and we say, amen to that. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Carrera has been highly critical of free market policies advocated by Washington. He merely expressed personal opinions and promise that if elected, between states and at the level of leaders, the most absolute respect will be shown.
You moron. Kind of like what John Critchand called Bush for years ago. You moron. You-
You fairy.
Carrera who served a doctorate from University of Illinois said his opinion of Bush did not extend to the American people for whom he feels great affection.
He said he lived in the US when Bush won a presidency in 2000, for what Carrera called Trickery, apparently referring to the allegations of irregularities in Florida voting.
Alligations of irregularities which we find most amusing. US MSC did not have immediately respond to call seeking comment.
Carrera has got a- oh he's way ahead. Some points out this closest challenger Leon Rolvos.
Carrera 43 served for months as economy minister under outgoing prison Alfredo Palacio has routed the markets with pledges to slash equitours for in debt payments, even through negotiation or a moratorium.
Merrill Lynch on Tuesday cut its recommendation, equitours external debt to underweight from market weight and am in a sell-off by jittery bondholders.
There you go. What do you say it's an insult to the devil? I would agree with that.
The devil's in the details. All that devil stuff man. Just- oh just in there. And there are people who believe that that's the best part of the whole deal.
Yeah, most Americans. Get out of here. Believe in the devil? You can't be a Christian without believing in the devil.
How do you- how do you figure that? It's all part of the same mentality. It's all part of the same philosophy.
Get out of here. All right. I don't believe you. Okay. It's a spark joke.
13, 145 votes. We had 947 the first time we did this, but we had a big head start this time.
So that would mean we have a lot more people listening now than we did like whenever that was years ago. You believe that? No.
60 gay listeners though, who are out of the closet and say, I'm standing up my hand. They're not saying we're the puttin' it, but I think I can feel it already.
This is a real touching story. You want to hear something heartwarming and touching as opposed to all this bloodshed and politics and depressing crap?
Yeah, how can you be Jolly and gay? When is all this depressing news going on? That's probably why those people aren't so gay anymore.
Let's see, of course, I'm Hispanic 105. That's seven shy of 112, who's admitted that the first time. Admitted that.
I mean, I would say of Hispanic people that on the planet now, probably only 90% of them have got these experiences, which doesn't make them just curious.
They're like getting around town. Pat Godenis has finally met her sister. This is such a wonderful story, human interest story.
The kind of stuff they say for the end of the nightly news. Those real feel good stories that don't puke up your dinner.
Pat has finally met her sister 71 years after they were born, culminating eight years of an effort to track her down.
These are twins. I've never had anybody in my family. She told Milwaukee Journal Central columnist in Zuma Stingle, the reunion Tuesday at suburban West Alice Restaurant, not far from where her sister Shirley McGuire lives.
It's hard. All these years I missed with her McGuire. I said after she and Gideonis who lives near Austin, Texas shared their first hug and kiss.
Stingle reported that the twins were born to a woman who had been intimate with a married man. They ended up with in different foster homes. And eventually at St Joseph Orphanage, I'm a walkie-south side.
But we were kept separated. We were never in the same room with one another, Gideonis said. Both girls were told while they were growing up that they were adopted and had a twin.
The efforts by Gideonis to find her sister made significant progress recently when a non-in Chicago who had archival materials from the orphanage provider who were the name of the people who adopted her twin.
Isn't this something? It's something. She hired a genealogy to track her down with help of public records and newspaper obituaries. And the genealogy showed up and requires door recently leading to arrangements for their meeting on Tuesday. And they hugged and kissed after 71 years.
And there's a ride, which means they're probably both going to be dead pretty soon. Then say how old they are.
Mommy, it's 71 years after they were born. So I guess they're 71. Well that's not so old, especially if you're like almost 64. You know what I mean? Yeah. Not to mention any names.
Now you'll see 71 sounds pretty old when you're like a punk. Like Gideonis probably thinks 71 is real old. You know? What a geezer. Yeah, that's right. What a old beezer. A geezer. How's the beezer doing by the way?
Let's talk some hockey. I think about that ladies golf. Panthers primary. I see one of the exhibitionist's game. I think they shut out in Atlanta to nothing last night. Didn't they, Josh? Yes. Oh, yeah. I don't. But they want a game. You know, actually, it's not a lot of what they always do.
But these are only exhibition games. They don't count. They mean nothing. Of course any hockey game itself for pretty much means nothing. But that's beside the point. That's not the problem with hockey. That's the problem of the self-relations man. Very narrow in their scope. Very narrow.
All they know from man is football football. Give me the ball, especially the dolphins. They don't care about the hurricanes, especially they lose a couple of games. Hurricanes screw them, you know? Very, very bad front running town.
1352. I got my eye on it. What can we make today besides a chop liver? 1700. You think bacon? I hope I already made my bacon. Man, it was good. Waiting for our crunchy crispy microwave.
45 seconds. Good stuff. Sniders, by the way, can't get it there too bad. Don't get that limpy. Oh, man, that real wimpy microwave bacon. It comes out like real. No, limp. I got thick stuff anyway.
I beg your pardon? The thick, cut bacon. Yeah, thick cut.
Oh, boy. 1055. We got the mad dog coming up at two o'clock. We got that new lineup now. This is the great part about the schedule. Unlike all those months, you know, like between the end of January and just about a month ago.
Month ago today, I mean, this is today September 28th. August 28th, that was the day we debut the new schedule. And all those months in between, man, it was really, really desperate.
Who's on first? Who's on say is it guilty today? Is it going to be a you know, the revolving door schedule. Now we're like, I would say rock solid. Right. You got the big. Oh, between five and seven, the Kenny and Bo morning show. They got them at this.
7. Then we're here every day. 10 to 2 of you like it. Not mad dog to the four. The power hour with Hank at a mad dog. 4 to 5. Whoever came up with that idea was a genius. Hank Goldberg solo, 5 to 6 30. And then you got the Marlins on deck. Is there playing out the string? I got what four games left? Yeah.
The seasons over the Reds tonight. Pregame is at 6 30. Marlins in the Red 705 from the stadium right up the street. Eddie can't attend the right after the ball game. And then they got the Philadelphia Phillies for the last game in the last season in the series tomorrow Saturday and Sunday. And that's infinito.
Was that a home series I would assume it is. So you got plenty of opportunity out there instead of pretending to be a bunch of front running phonies that only show up under like given some crap away.
To go out there and support your marlins and show those kids what you're appreciation for the tremendous job they did. And Joe Gerardi too even though he's getting his aspired.
When I be great, get some decent crowds out there to they won't see what I talk such crap or I know what I'm I know where I'm talking. So I say hey don't you care about those hockey shows.
Why didn't you stop me from that? Why didn't you like to kill right? That's just why do you like to attack? Remember with like a drill press or something?
As soon as he came in there when I mentioned that the colors were just going nuts and cursing me out and you and him and I keep it because of losing our minds.
Your reaction was oh you just don't like it. You just don't like Ivy. You just don't like that.
I don't know. It's not about five to one or three. Look at that. It's only an exhibition game. It doesn't count.
Another loss 10.56 at five sixty. Wait till we do our hockey show tomorrow man. That's going to get all the gay audience back.
I think since we traded away Ray Whitney the gay audience is staying with us no more. Hey it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud.
You heard that Rick weaver once told me that. He did. He went off to Mississippi and got lots of action over there and then he died.
Oh boy. He ever smelled bad or what? I'll take it one thing. It's also great to take your feet to Brandy's in Palm Ptole Beach because they'll take good care of him for you.
Brandy's here is all the major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mifisto, Rockport, Hushpuppey, New Balance, all the other big name brands in all sizes for men and women even if you have bizarre feet.
They can take care of it because they even carry wide wits in those hard to find sizes. Brandy's is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida and when you shop at Brandy's for the first time you're really going to be impressed.
You'll see why I've raved about them for years and years because when selection is concerned price and of course personal friendly service nobody beats Brandy's.
You'll see everybody Arnie, he'll make sure you get the right of hitting shoes at the right price every single time.
Brandy's you'll find him at 1290, North Federal Highway in Palm Ptole Beach right between Atlantic and Copies on the east side of the road. You can't miss it open every day of the week too.
Open Mondays, you'll Saturday still line and every Sunday till 5. And did you know that Brandy's got the largest selection of SAS shoes in the entire southeast?
Well the answer is they do. Same goes for boat shoes. So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's shoes dot com.
The biggest name of best talent is this Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your boy. Any questions?
What do my slums eat? The bombs upon the geese? He says he made a mistake. The nods on the brakes. They're masking him and not seeing you.
And what were geese or shoes? Some water elves can't they poke feet? But all upon the geese?
It was dumb and now the one in the combo and a king got him and I say, play, play, is he crazy?
Yes.
Love it out to it 560. So keep over and report it last night at the end of the show. Screech from Save By The Bells got his own sex video going on here.
Not somewhere new. Make sure you miss that.
Oh god.
God. And not speaking of disgusting things and undercover investigation by BBC News finds that China's got a flourishing trade of organs from executed prisoners.
China has become the destination of choice for rich foreigners and need of organ transplants. One hospital said it could provide a liver for about 100 grand.
How do you like that? They've been doing that for years. How do you know that?
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
It's been news for years. China's got more executions than any other country in the world.
Maybe that's why there's such good friends of ours. Officials told undercover reporters that executions increase prior to national holidays.
So many organs are available around those times. Wow.
Of course, it might be a dog liver or something like that because it's always the ear of the dog.
Yeah, well, they like dog over there.
A lot.
1374 votes on the pool.
Now let's see. Gay, that we got up to 61. Maybe all those 77 will check in on this thing before it's done.
Because it's going to be up there all the rest of the day. I don't know. I shouldn't be doing that anymore.
Putting the new pool up there before it recorded two. That's banned.
Whatever. Well, no, it's right. It shows off the whole rhythm of the program. The rhythm of the rain.
I don't see. Of course, I've had a 109. So we're only three shy and that they'll all be on there.
It says that the audience has grown exponentially. That's what what's his name is very afraid of.
Joel. What's his name? Joel Fimer. He's peered about it. Is that the cascades in the rhythm of the rain? Sounds like it's a meek.
He did it. Yeah. Here comes that tinkering sound. I would say 1962. Maybe 62.
Sounds like a weener to me if you ask. 63. That's pretty close. Always been in one year.
Always a little bit off. But it's always within one. Camilo, my here. I wonder if he was related to Carmen, my here.
So he's to play for the pirates. Former M.N.C. International Prisoner of Comtion, served nine months in US Army jail for refusing to return to his Florida Guard unit in Iraq.
His Iraq war memoir wrote from our Ramadi, the private re-bending of staff sergeant, my here is being published by the new press in next year's spring.
He writes giving terrorism a reason to exist on common dreams.org. According to a report by 60 US spy agencies leaked in New York Times, the US invasion occupation of Iraq has upcreated more global terrorism and energized geodest ideology throughout the world since the 9-11 attacks.
The intelligence report completed in April of this year, but still classified contradicts more optimistic assessments by both the White House and the House Intelligence Committee, which you've claimed that American and its allies are safer since the 9-11 attacks.
The report, however, also supports what critics of the war, especially descending US veterans have been saying all along that the war in Iraq is actually creating more terrorism.
That's what pervert Meshera said, too, by the way. He also said Osama is still alive. He's in Afghanistan. Boy, those two hate each other like poison.
Can you imagine the, they probably were throwing halivot each other if they'd dinner at the White House last night? I'm not.
Anyway, Camille says on March 15, 2004, just before surrendering to military authorities after refusing to return to the war, I gave a press conference to both national and international media.
A reporter from the University asked me if there was a difference between what was being reported in the US about soldiers in Iraq and my experience there.
I told her that morale among US troops contrary to media reports was really low because we liked a sense of mission and because we were all lied to about weapons of mass destruction and connections between Iraq and terrorism to justify the war.
In reality, we're giving terrorism a reason to exist with this war, I said.
Fast forward to the New York Times article, you have the exact same thing only this time reported by 16 US intelligence agencies two and a half years later.
Part of the problem is that the public tends to believe whatever the government of the corporate media present through its hordes of loyal analists and experts, as fact,
while really dismissing the first-hand experience information brought back by the very same servicemen and women, they allow the government to send the war without real justification.
A more serious problem, however, would be for the people of the US to allow this new report to be misused for a political gain rather than for a more proper action than withdrawal of all troops from Iraq.
If unchallenged, the misuse of the report would simply atop Republicans in bashing their second term president in order to secure their party's next presidential nomination.
Only since weeks away from their national elections, the intelligence report would also weigh Democrats in their quest to regain control of both houses of Congress.
But regardless of which party takes home the trophy, what constituents should not lose from sight during either election is that the Iraq war increased terrorist threats to the US.
There could be no better reason.
You are more appropriate than to demand that the government, the immediate withdrawal of all US troops from Iraq.
At the heart of this message, not simply which parties to blame for sending our troops into a way bound to fail military adventure that actually energizes global terrorism,
and reality, both parties obediently stood behind the prison as the administration led the country to war, but also how to best utilize the information to do right both by the Iraqi people and to our own military all while making the world a safer place.
The choice is clear, and the occupation of Iraq would bring all the troops home.
Absolutely correct.
You're welcome, Ilal.
1381.
I'm going to have 14 of the hosts before you can shake it, and Alamstail too.
Is that something?
This is an old pool that we brought back because let's face it, coming up with five pool ideas every day.
Oh my God, my shoulder is aching, just thinking about it.
Or maybe it's from hitting that machine yesterday all this time.
Like I said, I was going to get a little embarrassed.
I'm more than happy to take the money.
Believe you me, especially after all the contributions I made in that show.
I was just thinking about what would embarrass everybody looking at you.
What's going on over there?
Look at the hands.
They always do that though, you know, sure.
But at least the regular old ladies weren't there coming up saying, oh you're so lucky, you're so lucky.
You just want to smash them right in the mouth when they do that, you know.
I mean, these when you're sitting there losing your ass feeding the machine man and losing them.
They never come up to you and say, oh boy, you're so unlucky.
I feel bad for you.
I'm never.
Oh, it seems that people are jealous.
If you win five bucks they're pissed off.
Maybe they're afraid to touch you when you're losing.
Maybe they're afraid to touch you when you're losing.
I don't want to be touched by or touched them.
What's the nofollow 1386 have you ever had a homosexual experience speaking of that?
I said, no, you fairy, 450.
You fairy.
Absolutely not 429.
I think a lot of those know you fairy vote is it just one just voting for because they like to drop in.
That's all right.
Right.
Well, they could vote for either one.
So that's 879.
And the first time we did that, so we're not was only 548.
So we got many, many more votes.
We got like 400 and some more votes now because you started to record it to yesterday.
Absolutely not 429.
A few, a few experiences 162, like maybe 100, 200, 5000.
Yes, 147.
So let me take you know just once just you know to try it.
Of course, I'm Hispanic under 111.
We're only one shy of that 112.
How do you like that?
Come on, all you Julio's out there.
Let's start, you know, opening up that closet door.
It's getting pretty crowded and smelly in there.
Oh, yes, I'm gay.
61.
We're 16.
Yeah, that's 77 from the first pool.
And I hate this pool only 26, 1.8%.
That's pretty low.
That's about as low as you can go, 1.8%.
Out of 1389, almost 1400.
So we'll find those people.
They're just rattling their skeletons around a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
And especially, can you blame them now with the current environment that exists?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you know what I'm talking about?
I know.
With this current neo-Nazi regime that we got in power, all these people are not very popular to come out and say like, oh, no way.
Look at Tommy Cruz.
He's still in there with Junterold and R Kelly.
And Condom Lee's understandable as he.
Condom, please, he wants in there too, with Anne Coder and Miss Fudge.
Well, it's going to really be crowded in there and talk about smelling bad.
Heather Waukouche.
How about you, pardon?
Well, Heather is, let's see.
She's written the Progressive's Handbook called Get the Facts and Make a Difference Now.
The Progressive's Handbook series.
Anyway, this is on Common Dreams.
The headline is, anthrax, Iran, and bin Laden waiting for the October surprise.
I probably shouldn't keep reading these stories every day about the October surprise because it's not October yet.
But it will be very soon.
Mm-hmm.
Surprise.
Presidential advisor Carl Robe has been touting his October surprise, aimed at keeping Republicans in office.
While Robe will most certainly exploit the fear factor, the question remains if we let ourselves be fooled yet again.
You know what Bush said?
Can't be fooled or an old saying.
Or trying to be right.
You can't get fooled again.
Heather says it's worth remembering that only five years ago the US was really under anthrax attacks which killed five people in ground postal service.
And even though the Bush administration soon realized that the anthrax source was domestic, Vice President Dick Cheney played the war card in claiming
or some of bin Laden's terrorist training manuals teach how to deploy these kinds of substances.
While Congress admirably resisted adopting the Odeous Patriot Act and the Wies Fall, 9-11, both chambers quickly caved in when two Democratic senators' offices were subsequently targeted with anthrax-laced letters.
Coincidentally, Congress also resisted renewing the Patriot Act in February 2006, but after a nerve agent scare on Capitol Hill led the quarantine of 200 people, once again they caved in.
Huh.
The big story behind the 2001 anthrax attacks high ever was never properly covered.
The White House staff had started taking cipro an anthrax treatment drug a full week before the first attack even occurred.
Ha ha ha!
It's just a coincidence.
You've got to wonder and of course Keith Obermann was talking about the threat against him last night.
It was supposed to be kept secret and agreement with the FBI and the New York Post out of it and put information in the paper and he was really pissed off.
And on the way out he out of the hospital he even cipro did take.
Yes.
An anthrax.
You've got to wonder what prior information the Bush administration had and why it wasn't communicated to the U.S. public.
Just like those high level officials that weren't flying in the days before 9-11 remember that?
And we're taking commercial flights?
Right.
Quintets.
So many coincidences and so little time.
While serious questions behind the anthrax since it may never be answered the attacks were phenomenally successful in two ways providing justification for the Bush administration to wrap up spending on bio defense and adding more fuel to the fire for the invasion of Iraq.
So perhaps you're also surprised to involve some former domestic bio weapons attack handily fooled by Bush and superior intelligence capabilities.
How intriguing that project bio shield of $5.6 billion farce aimed at protecting the American public after the anthrax attacks is beginning a lot of flak recently.
A little domestic scare might give the administration's pharmaceutical boom dog a more credibility.
A second possibility that road plans to serve up in lawton dead or alive as Bush had originally requested.
Recent rumors have been lawdens having succumbed to time for its support the possibility and it was also reported to have died before the 2002 congressional elections.
The very thought of eliminating bin Laden might score Republican some easy votes but it's hard to imagine he'll be permanently bumped off until a new equally scary boogie man is made available.
The most terrifying prospect is that the October surprise will involve an attack on Iran and also indicate the growing possibility.
A U.S. armada of warships including a nuclear aircraft carriers due to arrive off Iran's coast in the third week of October and according to retired Air Force Colonel Sam Gardner the U.S. is already conducting preparatory military operations inside the country.
Road may reason that the U.S. attack on Tehran's alleged nuclear weapons facilities will be enough to rally the public around Republicans come November but it's a cataclysmic miscalculation.
The Iranian military's blow of Zolfalkar war games last month excuse me I can't say it again.
Demonstrated that the country is armed and ready to fight and Tehran's other options are just as devastating activating his vile inciting further violence in Iraq and interrupting the world's oil supply.
All of these things.
The patent competition of waiting for a surprise aside we've got to show more sophistication this time in preempting roads inevitable trick or treat.
The stakes are just too high.
Trick or treat.
I like that so was that word again.
You really want me to read that again?
I'm running a judge.
The Iranian military's blow of Zolfalkar war game but where did you say?
I said it's time for a break.
The biggest name of the best.
The best of the best.
The El Roger.
Force Radio 560.
UAM.
She's reading the news now.
Oh my god.
I need you really here.
Hey, hey, kitty, kitty, correct?
The viewers are on the attack.
There's too busy on it.
I'm on standby to fight.
Hey, hey, kitty, kitty, correct?
Go a little too far into me.
See the S trying to just survive now.
Your overgrown salary.
Hey, hey, kitty, correct?
Your just stands down for to me.
All the way with 10 to lose from ratings.
Take the room to ABC.
Now we said the best thing we have seen in about 20 years is that blowback mountain man.
It was really great.
1119 at 560.
Everybody can have mad dogs coming up in two this afternoon.
Now let's see.
We got big games coming up.
We got the Marlins last four games which mean nothing.
You got the Hurricanes are going to wind up one and three I think.
They're playing a little girl's team but they still could lose again.
That's at Houston.
No, that's here.
Oh, it's there.
How many people are going to be there to see Houston?
About 30 men.
Wow.
There'll be lots of empty seats in the bowl, you think?
Yeah, especially knowing that it's on the juice.
Oh, it's on the juice.
Yes.
You match it on free TV or go to the bowl and bring your own Peary, your Peabag.
And then of course the dolphins that game against that, not that's got to be in Houston.
Doesn't it?
It's got to be.
Yes.
Against the Texans.
The Texans couldn't win a fish game.
If you give them like a 40 point handy crap and decide the game, they still couldn't win.
They're prophetic.
If the dolphins lose that game, oh my god, is there going to be gnashing a teeth or what?
I can't even imagine that happening.
Can you?
You were saying yesterday that you think it's possible.
I think it'll be a game.
Get out of here.
I don't know.
You see the Houston play this season?
It's not like you had two minutes?
Look, I didn't say that they're going to win.
I just said that you're not.
They may, they may Tennessee Titans look like world leaders like Super Bowl champs.
That's how bad Houston is.
Let's talk about ladies golf.
Come on.
Well, so anyway, speaking of that Bob Woodward interview on 60 Minutes this weekend and that book,
and well, I guess he must have got religion or something Bob Woodward after all the flaky got for that
Askissing a Bush book he wrote a couple years ago.
Oh, that was unbelievable.
Veteran Washington reporter Bob Woodward tells Mike Wallace that the Bush administration hasn't told the truth
regarding the level of violence, especially against US troops in Iraq.
Huh, he also reveals key intelligence that predicts that the insurgency will grow worse next year.
Oh my God.
And Wallace's interview with Woodward to be broadcast on 60 Minutes this Sunday October 1.
The reporter also claims while kissing to we were just having it.
Mundo's advising Mr. Bush.
Not just visiting here we know him, advising Mr. Bush.
Maybe that's why there's all these innocent dead people.
Henry's very sp- he's experienced in that.
That's one of his specialities.
According to Woodward, insurgent attacks against coalition troops occur on average every 15 minutes,
a shocking fact administration has kept secret.
It's given the point now where there are 800-900 attacks a week.
That's more than 100 a day.
That's four an hour attacking our forces Woodward says.
The situation is getting much worse.
He says despite the fact that the White House and the Pentagon are saying in public the opposite.
The truth is that the assessment by intelligence experts is that next year,
2007 is going to get worse and in public, you have the president and the Pentagon saying,
oh no, things are going to get better, he tells Wallace.
Now there's public and then there's private- what do they say with the private?
They stamp it secret.
No one is supposed to know he says.
The insurgents know what they're doing.
They know the level of violence and how effective they are.
Who doesn't know the American public would would tell Wallace.
Woodward also reports that the president and vice president often meet with Henry Kissinger,
which we had that before.
This is fascinating Woodward says Kissinger is fighting the Vietnam War again
because in his view, the problem Vietnam was we lost our will.
Oh, God.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Peace and outtime.
Kissinger's advice in Iraqi declared very simply victory is the only meaningful exit strategy
until everybody is dead just like Vietnam.
President Bush is absolutely certain that he has the US and Iraq on the right course of Woodward.
Absolutely.
So certain is the president on this matter would would say that when Mr. Bush had the key Republicans
to the White House, the special Iraqi told them, I will not withdraw even if Laura and Brittany are the only ones supporting me.
I almost said Brittany because she says we should do whatever the president says.
Idiot.
Even if Laura and Brittany are the only ones supporting me, he said,
a little bit reported for two years and we'd more than 200 people are including top officials in the Bush administration
to learn these and other revelations that makes this latest book,
State of Nile published by Simon and Schuster, part of the CBS Corp.
Oh, yadi, yadi.
Coming out Monday.
Stay of denial.
I wonder if you can clear a factor for that.
You know, it's not a lot about denial.
1422 votes that's almost 500 more than we had last time we took this poll.
That means our audience is growing by leaps and bounds, Joel.
We've got people, yeah, and you know what it is because we're not taking those great phone calls anymore when I'm on.
That's what it is.
What?
You miss them?
Yeah, a lot.
Like a dragon with a tumor.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, the thought of that, the thought that even anticipating sitting down here wasting my time with that garbage is so ludicrous, man.
Ludicrous.
How's he doing?
How's Lucifer doing?
It's just funny.
Derek.
Derek Z. Jackson in the Boston Globe writes, multiply the enemy.
Is his president Bush first declared a rack to be dissentful front in his war on terror and the National Intelligence Address September of 2003 just before the Second
I diversity of 9-11.
Two years ago, I told Congress in the country that the war on terror would be a lengthy war.
A different kind of war fought on many fronts and many places.
Iraq is now the central front.
He said.
Even then, top intelligence officials were worried about such rhetoric.
The very next month, the National Intelligence System had warned in a story unknown until Nightrider broke it this year that the unrelenting violence
in Iraq after the US invasion was over local conditions and the presence of US forces.
It was not inspired by foreign terrorism as the White House kept on saying.
Frankly, senior officials simply weren't ready to pay attention to analysis that didn't conform to their own optimistic scenarios.
Robert Hutchings, chairman of the National Intelligence Council from 2003 to 5-12 Nightrider.
Despite every rash now for the lengthy war being proven false, the central front declaration remains the centerpiece of propaganda.
Bush repeated the central front line two times a piece and fundraising speeches last week in Orlando and in Tampa.
In the Tampa speech he said, Iraq is a central front in this war on terror and we've got a plan to defeat the enemy.
This rhetoric is a central front of the American people as planned as multiplying the enemy.
The Iraq Wars made the overall terrorism problem worse.
A US intelligence official told the New York Times in a story something on that classified NIE report on the terror threat.
The estimate represents the consensus conclusions of all 16 US spy agencies.
In its story on the estimate the L.A. Times quoted another intelligence insider saying,
things like the Iraq War have given the terrorist recruiting tools and places to fly their trade and training ground.
The Washington Post version said the invasion occupation of Iraq is now the leading inspiration for a new Islamic extremist networks and cells united by a little more than an anti-Western agenda.
As the White House boasted incremental victories as individual al-Qaeda leaders are killed, the NIE estimates says that terror networks are spreading like cancer around the planet.
Even the al-Qaeda leader or some of the emommas himself on the run are much less able to personally direct attacks according to the post-account of the National Intelligence System.
His status is the ideological leader of global movement that appeals to disaffected Muslims has vastly increased.
Touchings now diplomat and residents that the Woodrow Wilson School of Princeton University said nothing about the New West and it surprises him.
He warned publicly at the beginning of 2005 that Iraq could replace Afghanistan as a magnet for international terrorist activity.
It's a maggot. He said Monday over the telephone, us against them is one more enemies than anything else.
In a speech he gave at the University of Virginia 2004, Hutchings counseled that we should not assume that we and they have nothing in common.
Our frame of mind, even as we're waging a resolute campaign against international terrorism, should be that we are not engaged in a fight to the finish with radical Islam.
This is not a class of civilizations for rather a defense of our shared humanity in the search to find common ground.
Yet just this month and is addressed on the fifth anniversary of 9-11, Bush up the Indian that kind of rhetoric as well.
This struggle has been called a clashes of civilizations he told the nation and truth is a struggle for civilization.
Hutchings said the latest news should not disintegrate into a partisan hammering of Bush.
I don't think the Democrats have covered themselves with glory on Iraq, he said.
What concerns him, he said, is that for the U.S. have any chance against terrorism, U.S. leaders have to drop the stark war terminology.
We can't kill enough people to keep us safe, Hutchings said. It's not a matter of being tougher, soft on terrorism, it's a matter of being smart.
He said a smart policy would be one that de-legitimizes G-Heads by delinking them from legitimate regional economic and political grievances.
Right now we throw everything into the war on terror, he said. We're throwing it in there, you understand?
Like a lot of dead people.
1429 votes, man. Front page Washington Post.
The biggest name, so best talents to the system, the Unrotors, for radio 560, UAM.
Smell it, you falsely adhesely of giving aid and comfort to Ben Laden because of what happened to Somali.
No one knew how private existed then.
If you're wrong then you know it's playing pretend.
It will sound like it's still going to end pretend.
You're fair.
If the deficit is growing and economy is slow and no matter where you go it's playing pretend.
Absolutely.
Just your wrong man can know it playing pretend.
It's correct and it's still growing playing pretend.
If the Middle East is going, it's all the hell and it's showing it.
There are reasons growing playing pretend.
All right. Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get Ben Laden and came closer apparently to anybody has since.
All right. And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings.
And you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
Just not true. We didn't end book you jackass.
I just fired up when I hear someone say that.
That's right.
27.0.9560 WQM where we lie a lot.
Okay.
First thing they got to do is give her that crap about sports talk radio.
Why can't they just talk and entertain and remember that happened somewhere?
That's right.
Now seriously sports talk my ass.
Well they're going to drop it.
We don't exist.
You know what I said yesterday.
You know what's Chris Moore comes back with Joseph Acki.
They knew people were going to really miss us bad.
And Clarence is going to say, oh gee how come we got a one share now.
We used to have like eights and nines and tens of them in a day.
Oh I don't get it.
14, 14, 40 votes.
It's almost 500 more than we had last time we took this pool years ago.
Of course we had no audience back then.
Although we had a little bit slightly bigger audience.
That's before broke your back mountain came out.
We've chased all those faggies.
I'm going to tell you right now that movie sucks.
I don't care what you say.
Well whoever was trying to throw me to watch that's the figure of you.
Wasn't Greg running around in those days.
Yeah he showed his face in the room.
He told you that you got to get through it.
Yeah you get through it.
He's not showing his ass in that place anymore.
Is he?
He did a message lately but like what last week or something?
Week before?
He's still out in here.
Greg Reed is still got to nerve to show his ass in that building after what he did to us.
After we sandbagged and he bagged that joint?
Jackass.
Get away Greg.
Don't come back.
1440 vote.
We had 947 last time.
Boy this is really something.
And if you really wanted to believe that like the audience is like just growing by leaps and bounds.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Sex could be the undoing of a family vagus Republican.
How do you like that?
Forcherm representative Don Sherwood.
Recently had one of the safest seats in congress as his conservatism played well in his heavily GOP.
World District in Northeastern Pennsylvania.
Democrats didn't even bother fielding her candidate in the last two elections.
But last year Sherwood admitted to a five year extra marital affair with a woman 35 years in his junior.
He settled the lawsuit claiming he had choked her.
Constituents were stunned.
Many of them turned angry and some may be turning to his Democratic opponent.
Sherwood won the GOP primary with only 56% of the vote.
Even though he faced a political novice's friendless and five grand in her campaign.
I made a mistake that hurt my family and has disappointed some of my constituents who were sitting in the view.
Their disappointment is understandable.
And I apologize and working hard to win them back.
That could be a tall order.
Francis Panache, Pohanche, POHONCHE, Francis Pohanche, 81, a retired bridled dressmaker from center, Muralin, said she always voted for Sherwood.
But she won't do it again.
I just don't like the man she said he cheated on his wife.
Oh boy, if it's one thing.
Oh man, these people would have like Phil Simms.
Not always he talked too much.
He's got that phone he said at the time.
This time.
Oh, if I hear him say time, one more time.
I'm going to like do a catch-up on him.
God.
So he's discussing you even who the hell it is.
Who?
See.
Phil Simms, he's the daddy of Christms, the quarterback that had his screen taken out.
That we had to be spending a lot.
In fact, yesterday when I went to Woodbine, as soon as I got out of the cab, I thought to myself,
I wonder how Christms' screen is doing.
These are the kinds of things that occupy my mind.
Not.
Anyway, see, actually, you already know it.
What's the point of my saying?
You already know it.
There were surrounded by people in that building, or at least you're surrounded by them.
Who think like that?
Then that preoccupies every waking moment.
Sherwood 65 is on a successful Chevy D-Lischift since 1967.
It's been 22 years on the school board before running for Congress in 98.
He won two tough races against Patrick Casey.
He's suddenly a Democratic governor, Robert Casey.
Before his district was reconfigured after the 2000 census to make it safer for Republicans.
Now Republican voters, outnumber Democrats by 55,000, lacking a Democratic challenger in 2004,
we collected 92% of the vote.
The first sounded trouble for Sherwood came in May 2005 when media outlets began reporting that
police investigated and led altercation between Sherwood and his mistress Cynthia Orr in September 2004.
Cynthia Orr Hoot.
Orr.
Although criminal charges, I wonder if she's kind of Bobby Orr.
Although criminal charges were never filed, Orr filed the lawsuit against Sherwood, claiming he had choked her while giving her a back rub at his Capitol Hill apartment.
He was choking it.
Sherwood did not abusing Orr, but he admitted to an affair with her apologizing for the pain and embarrassment he caused his family and supporters.
The married father of three reached a confidential settlement with Orr last November, hoping to put the affair behind him.
His Democratic opponent, former Pentagon intelligence analyst Chris Carney, eludes to Sherwood's personal conduct on TV ad.
Now I'm sure what is not representing the values of this district, Carney, a political science professor at Penn State's Worthington Scranton campus, says in the commercial, Mr. Sherwood went to Washington, didn't remember the values he took with him, sent me to Congress, and I'll make you proud.
In another spot, Carney says, what we have in Washington are people who don't accept responsibility for their actions.
There are ways to make sure what personal problems a campaign issue without hammering voters with it, since Thomas Baldino, a political science professor at Wilson University in Wolfsperer, Pennsylvania.
Have you ever been there?
No.
No.
I've never been there.
I've never been to Hershey P.A. either.
I don't think I've been to Hershey's, is it? It's okay. It's kind of pedestrian.
I mean, if you're a chocolate connoisseur, you're not going to go out and get a Hershey bar.
Except the ones with the almonds and toffee, though.
Mmm, those are great.
People will want to be plugged into that information.
They know he had in the fair of Baldino, said Carney, he said, must also find an issue that will differentiate him from Sherwood in a way that will pull Republicans away.
He wants to pull Republicans.
Carney, a 47-year-old married father of five, said Sherwood is right for defeat, given voters pessimism about the direction of the nation, and President Bush is sagging poll numbers.
It's a perfect storm of issues, he said, not to assure what personal issues the fact that he's a Philanderer.
I think the public likes the Philander, well, not those right-wingers, man.
They would be doing stuff like that. Would they?
No, of course not. They're perfect and clean and esteemed.
Lie, they lie.
1451 votes. Now, what do we do the first time? 947. So, we got like over 500 more votes, but we still have only 63...
Yeah.
...out of the closet people on there in this pool. That's something. They're gone.
If you would have just kissed up to that movie, man, a little bit...
Sorry.
...cissy. Never saw it.
Have you, uh, don't? Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, you ferry for 170. No.
You ferry?
Absolutely not for 150. So, you put those two together, you got 920. A lot.
A few, few experiences, 171, like maybe 6700. Yes, 155. Of course, I'm his fan of 170, 117.
That's five more than the first time we've done this.
We've picked up on some of your Madaconis, Bugarones.
Yes, I'm gay, 63. Still 14 short.
Gay. Still short. I looked. And I hate this pool only 2% in other words...
Stop 30, man!
...say they hate this pool. They like it. In fact, maybe if they like it enough.
See, there he goes again with that homosexual agenda. Try to get people out there to try stuff, you know what I'm saying?
No, no thanks. You know what you are. You know what I'm saying? You know, in between your ears, you know, these people...
Well, I'm confused, no you're not. You know what you are.
It's like when you sit down at a restaurant and you get a beautiful thick rib-eye steak, you know, a juicy delicious rib-eye steak cooked in perfection like a root crisp.
Yeah.
And you take the first bite and it just melts in your mouth and you're like, oh man. You know what you like, right?
Yeah, it's organic. There you go. Or like if they put down like some greasy french fries on the table.
The biggest name, so best talent for the business. You Roger.
For 20560.
You A.M.
You...
God, you're good.
This fall on CBS.
It's your mama.
From the producer of Big Brother. It's Big Mother.
It's your mama. Don't look at me like that. She's a better shadowweight 15th grader.
Crack your head right open.
I don't think so. Big Mother.
I ain't playing with you. Left your face right off.
Ripple good.
14 to noon. Just listen to your mama. I'll tell you that right now.
Which I would never listen to my mama.
Or Clinton versus Bush, a foolish fighter of the GOP to pick. Oh, and it's chopped off on the right.
You can do it. You think I can? Sure.
I don't think I can. Oh, and all these blank pages have come out. I hate that.
Stop. This is from salon.com, by the way.
Oh, good. The paper just ran out.
Oh, it's the next of God.
Deal, God.
Don't you just hate that when you try to print an article out and it's on a website that's got like all...
As long as there's any kind of information on the following pages, you know?
Even if it's just a fart, then the pages keep pouring out of there.
Then hate that.
Anyway, who wrote this crap?
Glenn Greenwald. I think that's his name, but it's chopped off here.
It's on salon. Clinton versus Bush, a foolish fighter of the GOP to pick.
I'm going to get into a lot of trouble trying to read this because the whole right-hand margin is chopped off here.
Well, I'll just do...like that. How's that?
It worked out well. Sure.
There is a disturbingly strong willingness on the part of many Bush supporters to refuse to recognize even indisputable facts if those facts undermine their desire to believe that something is true.
That is how it is such as a few examples.
They continue to believe that things are going well in Iraq that Saddam Hussein really did have WMD
and that they're unpopular views on more anterism or shared by a majority of Americans.
But if it's difficult to recall anything that more vividly illustrated this fact in eye dynamic, then the reaction of Bush supporters to Bill Clinton is not famous interview with Fox News's Chris Wallace.
One right when pointed after the next is claimed that the prominent re-emergence of Bill Clinton and the United Nations political debate is somehow harmful to Democrats generally, and it will be specifically because it reminds Americans of Clinton's deficiencies as president.
But that view is premised on the belief that's the opposite of reality.
In stark contrast to George W. Bush and Republicans generally, Bill Clinton is a highly popular reperson among a wide cross-section of Americans without question what are the most admired living political figures in the country and the USA.
In July 2006, time-fold asked Americans based on what you remember from President Clinton's administration, you approved or disapprove the job Bill Clinton didn't handling his job as president.
70% said they approved, while a mere 27% said they disapprove. Clinton was very popular while in office and has become even more popular since.
It's like Pope had Clinton look what we got, that kind of deal, don't you say?
How could a rational person argue that the re-emergence of such a popular democratic figure could be harmful to Democrats and helpful to Republicans?
Republicans appear to have gravely miscalculated and provoking Bill Clinton in the debate over the Bush administration's terrorism policies.
Ever since the 9-11 attacks, most Democrats have refrained from aggressively blaming the administration for the attacks, blame that could easily be assigned by exploiting two simple facts.
One, the 9-11 attacks happened while Bush, not Clinton, was in office and two, Bush received the August 6 presidential daily briefing, and bircingly titled, been law-determined to strike a new-est and apparently did nothing in response.
With some scattered exceptions, both parties seemed content more or less to maintain a truce with regard to casting blame for the 9-11 attacks by agreeing that few people in either party recognized the magnitude of this threat until the attacks happened.
But ABC's broadcast of the right-wing propaganda film, Pat 9-11, forced into the public discourse a comparison of Bush versus Clinton on the question of terrorism.
And the subsequent attempts by right-wing punishments and journalists to heap the blame for terrorism on the Clinton administration left Clinton with no choice but defending himself aggressively.
Following the Wallace interview, Condom leaves a rice accused Clinton to make statements about the Bush administration's pre-9-11 anti-terrorism efforts or lack thereof, which rice said were flatly false comments that in turn prompted an aggressive response from Hillary Clinton.
As Peter Baker put it in this morning's Washington Post, the election year debate has triggered a full-blown spat between the camps of President Bush and former President Clinton as the two sides straight barbed over who was more responsible, who did more for failing to disrupt Al Qaeda before it could attack the US-9-11.
But it seems foolish on its face for Republicans to pit their highly unpopular President against a highly popular Democratic ex-President, especially when it comes to assigning blame for attacks that occurred on the Republicans' watch and pulling that as beginning to illustrate just how foolish this was for the GOP to pick this fight.
A new Gallup poll released today reveals that a solid majority of the American public, 53-36%, puts the primary blame on Bush rather than Clinton for the fact that Osama hasn't been captured, and while Democrats and Republicans prettifullly split on this question along partisan lines, independence overwhelmingly blame Bush over Clinton 58-31%.
Not only is Clinton the most popular Democratic politician, he's also one of the smartest, shrewdest and most articulate.
The last thing Republicans ought to want to do is force him into the public arena, especially on the question of whether the Bush administration's anti-terrorism credentials are its only perceived strength, really are resturling as the media generally depicts them to be, but it seems likely they'll pay a substantial price on that decision.
I think I'm pretty well considering the fact that if you can see how much of this is pro like credentials, man, there's like three letters of it.
Maybe it really says crap there, I don't know.
Anybody listen to that archeologist, Red?
No, but they hear my voice. They hear the sound of my voice. That's all they care about. Niels on. All right.
Yeah.
Who came to the difference whether I'm sitting here farting or puking or belching or whatever it is.
You feel better. I'd rather hear you farting it.
Well, you can't do that. Can't do that. We can belch.
A little bit.
Oh, that was, I don't know what that was. Ratsbury.
That was a big raspberry.
One of those jumbo raspberries, yeah.
1486. That's all I wanted.
Have you ever had a homosexual experience where I was asking you, ladies and gentlemen,
would you calm down for crying out loud?
Somebody got to take that trombone and stick it where your moonbone shines.
Yeah, that's the one. That trumpet.
Oh, here's John Mark Cargain for a second on the promo.
I'm gonna see you in promo.
That's just what we need to bring him back again.
Well, I do have a stool by Ann and a co-astory by her son again.
We're supposed to care about the other.
And it's also, oh, yeah, that makes Howard Stern was the father.
I told him not to mix those drugs like that.
How do you like the fact that this other guy comes forward now says, oh, no, I was the father.
You think that all that money's gonna do with that?
That was like a Murray show. Yeah.
Huh.
14, oh, yeah, more. It'll be on more in the morning.
I'm sure that I heard of the test. Oh, yeah.
And then of course, we're gonna bring Sally back with some more of those teenage boot camps.
And you know what they got now on MSNBC, which really is depressing because I do love the Overman show countdown.
But you know, and I hate seeing it like poison.
So every now and then if like something I'm watching ends and I'll flip back over to MSNBC.
And I do like those investigative reports things with John Siggand-Thawler.
If you ever watched those, some of those are pretty interesting.
No? No.
Yeah, you have.
I must have, but I just want to go over there.
Or dark hand, big gland or whatever they call that thing about different investigations about like dark hand.
Last night they had what's his name? They had Carla Hamulka and what's the guy the Canadians?
I don't know. What does that movie coming out?
Well, he's that. The one about Carla Hamulka.
Oh, I don't know. Isn't it not? Yeah. She's my favorite.
I know they weren't gonna show it here. They were getting all whipped up and I'll be decided. He won't show it anyway.
No one loves like Carla on my.
What's his name again? I don't know.
The hell you don't. Jesus, I can't believe I don't know that.
Who?
Anyway. But then they got this other series speaking of this boot camp thing I was thinking about that last night.
Night after night after night and it's called lock up.
It's like a documentary inside all these prisons all around the country.
Lock up and I keep thinking lock up my ass.
You know, look at a big cell.
God almighty. Over and over. Nobody wants to see that crap. No.
1489 votes. Man, oh man, let's see. We're gonna have like 1500 by around noonish, right?
We can do 17 today. We would have done 17 yesterday, but you forced me to cut the other one short.
Probably somebody probably clearance came in and said no quit knocking QA and take that fall off there. Nobody said?
No. The idea that clearance would have any idea what kind of pull we're taking or that they would use it as you know little guidance.
You know, because he knows where it's at. It's sports, right?
Right. There's nothing wrong with sports. It's not a long one watching a ballgame every now and then or like you are even going and watching one and paying somebody to see it or getting a freebie whatever or even having a discussion about it.
Apply that series. I think Montreal went on to see this. Got a Bowman.
Let's have a hockey show. But the not so magnificent obsession. The neurosis over it. I mean, you know, get a life already.
Please I have no life. God. That should be a big billboard campaign for us and the cons across the street. I have no life. I listen to sports talk radio.
Non stop. That's all I listen to. I want to hear guys. I don't want to hear about the game. I want to hear guys dissecting the game and arguing with each other.
The Gator is stuck now. The knowle's stock. The games really suck. I like that. That's what makes a real man. See what you don't understand is that real men played golf. Real men watch guys play poker on TV and real men are in the game.
That's right. And real men gambled their guts out on games. Not not pansy or crap like slot machines. Uh oh. Suspicious powder found in the John Cornen's office at the hard office building of Washington suspicious powder.
I wonder if it's a BC powder. Exactly what the building is and we will follow that story for you. Oh my god. Suspicious powder. Then yesterday there was that suspicious package.
And then there was that guy in a plane at the Japanese guy that saw that I probably thought that was suspicious. Not a suspicious girl was when he fell on the floor in the aisle and poured the glass of water on his head.
But almost that almost that suspicious. And then when he had the girls to say the jockey man, you stink like horse manure or whatever.
Maybe that was the deal. Maybe the jockey was sweating. Maybe he rode in a cup of five six races that day. Who the hell knows? Or maybe he just had some old boots on.
You know, these boots are made for stinking. Remember that financier's not the one that she ever she couldn't sing her wet of a paper sack.
She didn't have that. Kind of like her brother and just like her daddy too. Couldn't sing for crap. Why you picking on dead people? Are you dead? Who?
I know you got a kidnap but I think it freaks it out for junior. Yeah, I don't know. And nobody cares. She's still alive. I'm sure right. Nancy Snatcher. Yes, she is.
Boy, could she have held out a tune or what? No, you could have. I would have been bad if I'd have stepped on her boots because I don't know where she's been walking.
1493, if I'll ever shout out and get her that break, we'll have 1500 by noon.
No, please name some best talents to this. We're on force radio 560.
This is at Homeland Security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Every day, the news is morning, we have a yellow light that must be. They have something to hide. That's how they manipulate their eyes.
What's really happening? I know some love news and you won't like a yellow light. The time I, the corporate be alive. And that's why we have a yellow light.
Can't explain the meaning of what it means like to. I told which is at its best with a set of clothes that no one starts to.
Hey, what did you do? You have a yellow light.
We have a yellow light of the. We got to 50, 150, 50, and we want to vote on the pool now. We need to add a couple more choices on there.
Okay, I'm by. Okay, no, of course I'm by and what about I'm a screamer. I'm going to talk about the monkeys. I'm a screamer.
I'm by or I'm a screamer. I have to somewhere for Carlos to vote. Freaky Carlos, your good close personal friend. How come your costume? I'll hit it in my poison. Carlos tried to hit on him one time or what?
Yes, no, he did not get out of here. Get away. No, stop. Stop the BS. All right, I'm making it up. So what is the answer? You're giving me about five. Yes, isn't 16. No, is what's the answer?
Maybe Joe wasn't sure. Yeah, he did. Listen, this business is hanging on people in the workplace. That's on the set for once or great.
Anyway, I'm not speaking of Greg. When you tell me that he's actually been in that building in the last couple of weeks. So if I was Joe Bellman, I'd put a hit on it.
I should get him out of there. Wasn't bad enough. He left the mess like he left my God. It's like he looked 16 Colossomy bags all over all the hallway in that place and just pulled the chew ran out. Good, golly, Miss Molly.
He must be chocolate. You know, looking at the old. Look at that. I don't have any numbers anymore in that station since I left there. Yeah, you did a heck of a job.
Right. By the way, nice job at all those contracts to Daniel Smith died from a combination of methadone and antidepressants. Now we're supposed to care about this.
I should understand if you say so. Let's see. I'm by his on there and I'm a screamer. It's under two. In other words, I mean, nobody's going to see him a screamer. Are they? You watch? You think? Oh, yeah.
I don't think who people people who are screamers of flame. Well, I'm not going to wonder if they're honest about it. Yeah, I don't think they are. I don't think I realize it. You know, like a way of clones that have like the little foodie mustache. You know, I'm talking about.
That kind of San Francisco look. The foodie little stash. That's always a giveaway and the real much too tight jeans. You know, like a girl's jeans. Uh-huh.
And in the cold smiths 20 year old son died from a lethal combination of methadone and two antidepressants drugs, the West based pathologist who conducted a private autopsy. Say the S today.
Cyril Wecht toxicology test showed Daniel Smith had methadone, zooloft and lexaprone system when he died September 10th in a hospital room in the Bahamas where his mother was recuperating from giving birth to a daughter.
Methadone is used to treat heroin addiction. And of course, if your mother was antinacooled, you'd probably be addicted to all kinds of crap too. As I'm sure she's been.
Well, I'm not sure about. I'm sure of my thoughts. The fact that we have these drugs and levels of drugs overwhelmingly and most logically point to this being a tragic accidental drug related death, we've told the AP from his own near Pittsburgh.
Tragedy, accidental and lots of drugs. Drugs killed, maybe don't be doing a lot of drugs. Smoke a little number there with George, but other than that. Or maybe with C. Brownie, we were right. The good stuff, of course. That's right. Get the good stuff. Don't get the bad stuff. Look at that. I'm a screamer and I'm by you.
You put that under. Have none. 504. Well, I bet you've heard. So just one other. Oh, it didn't just go on. It's been under a few minutes and they still have no votes.
507. The votes are trickling in there. We'll get to 1700 if it's the last damn thing we do. There might be. We got 65 people to say. That's 12 shy of the first time, but your people more than make up for it.
Because we got 122 say, oh, I'm a Hispanic, of course. Of course, I don't think I had one of those people as a Hispanic who voted for that, but. Yeah, get out of here. The first time we did it, we had 112. Why do you say that? Listen, the Hispanic. You just don't get out of the house enough. That's your problem. I'm not denying your point. I'm just saying that the Hispanics who qualify aren't voting for that. Sure they are. But how about Hispanics who don't qualify, but just put it on their cousin. I'm talking about that. That's good enough. Okay. It's just like I'm a screamer. Somebody will vote for that. They're probably not going to.
They're probably as butchers. Oh, I don't know Tony Perkins. macho like Salminio. Those guys, 1507. You'll see those are both. And the by thing. How can buy have no votes? Now maybe the buy people voted for. They already voted for. Yeah, I wonder. Whatever for yes. Once or a few or a couple or I'm ready. Ready to rock and roll. The television sports network. ESPN has been accused of covering up. G is directed at former president George Herbert Walker, both by football fans at that knowledge game Monday night. ESPN denied the allegation when contacted by Ross story.
And there's a really a Hagrid picture here of Bush 41 Hagrid looks like he's on death's door. This weekend ESPN broadcast. It says broadcasted. I mean. Yeah, what is there? There's the hope broadcast. It's Monday and football game between the Saints and the Atlanta Falcons from the New Orleans Superdom. Atlanta must have us by the way. The game was the first plate in the Superdom since Katrina, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi TV broadcast from the Superdom. One of New Orleans major evacuation sites first brought the enormity of the crises to the public. In Monday night's game, the Saints dominate. Win in 23 of the three.
And Saints fans made the games atmosphere rock. This employers from the Falcons complain the crowds noise was so loud they couldn't concentrate on playing the game began with music performances by Green Day and you two former president George Herbert Walker, Bush who raised money with former president Clinton for
continuing relief efforts was asked to connect the ceremony of coin toss that determined which side would have possession of the ball first on Monday night. The I have no life blog. I have no life at the website beyond Hollywood reported that the fans in the
New Orleans had booed president George Herbert Walker Bush as he flipped the coin. The I have no I have no life blog. A subsequent Tuesday morning post on a daily cost diary written by Dave from Queens.
Well, see, there's the Queens again. That's where they are. Camed in the TV broadcast. Cheers could be heard as Bush was announced and stepped onto the field.
But that live booing was then heard as the broadcast switched to microphones on the field where Bush was flipping the coin.
Dave from Queens concluded that ESPN shut off the sound of the superdom crowd for a few seconds and played the audio of fake cheers.
Bill Hoffheimer of ESPN communications gave Ross story an emphatic no when asked if he has been and played fake cheers and whether this was part of the network and it shows policy.
He added this did not happen Monday nor does it happen with any ESPN telecast. The claim is unsubstantiated and false ESPN presented the game in the events around the
game as they happened. No major news media led reported on the crowds reaction to former president Bush's appearance and AP reports that as 150 Katrina first responders watched from the sidelines as former president George Herbert Walker Bush walked in the middle of the new field for the coin toss. There was little doubt how important the night was for New Orleans.
A New York Daily News story showed that these saints opened the night almost from the moment you two in green day on the night almost from the moment they finished their pregame concert and former president Bush performed the coin toss.
A report in the street for a times called former president George Herbert Walker Bush who tossed the coin and honored guests as did the New Orleans Times pick you in which called the former president of VIP. He put the P in VIP.
We still have nobody voted for him a scream around by about a 1514. Well the by crowd has been you know they're doing it more than once. Right.
The blog at a well sports the blogger mighty MJD criticized the ESPN saying that if the accusations of changing the cries of reaction were true. It was massively unethical to all the broadcasts in effort to protect certain political figures and or shaped the way the public feels about them. However MJD did not remark about the booze during his live blogging.
I don't know you decide if you hate the Bush family like for too much money was to then they bleach out the booze and they put in a bunch of cheers. Damn them. I mean of course that's ABC ESPN show that a lot of people only movie about 9 11 right.
So what do you expect them to be doing you know they're trying to outfox the Fox my shoes. That's what they're doing 1514 votes. Oh there's a hood all marts. Oh look at that.
This meeting want to meet a few more cluster bombs. They would come on you can do it kill some more than lesbian ease. Maybe they misunderstood you know when there's real super orthodox they said they ought to shoot some of the people at the gay pride parade. Maybe you misunderstood. Maybe they were saying kill some of the lesbian ease. It's all good. I'm by there's one not me the voter. Maybe that was Carlos the voter for that anybody buying. No. So you made up that story about him in Joe Castello. That's bad. Okay. You better correct that now. All right. He'll come in here and like slap you. Just slap you.
I'm a screamer. No nobody's going to vote for that. If you go out there in the front and ask realize. Pretty Carlos you probably get on his puter and you'll give you an honest. A screamer as in.
Spaming like just like that. The biggest name. So best talent. The business. The O'Rodgers. 420560. You. Am. He prefers a company of men who doesn't. Hey guys is your life falling apart because you have a limp noodle. Do the girls laugh at you and sports fans. Do the boys laugh at you too. Well your friendly giant pharmaceutical corporations who care deeply.
For your good health. You have good news sexual enhancement drugs are now available over the counter. Our biggest customers at the FCC now prohibits us from saying exactly what they are. So let's just say it helps your love flow with better blood flow.
But we can no longer describe how you must call us first for us to explain what we can tell you is that we have warehouses full of this stuff and it's cheaper to make than anything important. You know like cancer's age you care about that. Look we have friends of this craft. Why this one little model cost pennies to make and we charge you 10 bucks a pill. We all got to go sometime pal. Might as well get some boy boy.
Use as directed. I can tell you what it is. Prop 17 at 560 W. Here I'm just keep us while we're okay. Got it. In chasing ghosts the soldiers fight for America from bagged at Washington veteran author and activist Paul Reikov describes a small closed door meeting between Iraqi veterans and John Kerry and Minneapolis in the summer 2004 and the disconnect that followed the disconnect with John Kerry.
What a surprise. Ross. The great information we put the following answer was I was it might not very long. Can you handle it. I did. They said at one point Kerry asked us all who we thought he should choose is running me. This is the summer 2004.
A few of the room mentioned John McCain. Rumors that circulated in the press for weeks about secret meetings between Kerry and McCain getting McCain to abandon Bush to run as curious VP would change history together. They could beat Bush.
But Kerry made it clear the McCain option was not on the table one veteran suggested senator Cleveland. Max is a hero and role model to every veteran after losing three limbs in Vietnam from a grenade explosion.
He ran for in one of the Georgia state Senate and then became the youngest head of veterans affairs in history and incredibly effective advocate for veterans Max introduced America's first vet center revolutionizing V.A. by carrying by providing veterans with peer-to-peer counseling led by older combat vets.
Max went on to be elected to the West Senate. He was a guy with the most mojo I had ever been around even more than Austin powers. But Max wouldn't be Kerry's choice either instead Kerry asked us about Dick Ebbhart. Everyone reacted tepidly like like that tepidly lukewarm.
Then I proposed West Clark arguing that in times of war Americans trusted general generals project strength which Democrats seriously needed and Clark would bring in the most independence and Republicans.
I came back from Minneapolis early disillusioned and angry John Kerry was not the passion that I could see have been 30 years ago.
But it seemed like a good man but over the decades in Washington had morphed into a calculating and coached politician.
A few weeks later ignoring our advice Kerry chose senator John Edwards. Policies is usual campaigning that summer for election 2004.
In election that would have an atomic blast impact on the course of history. The Democrats didn't have the foresight or maybe the guts to carve out a real policy on Iraq.
After the initial fury of media coverage following my radio speech the Democratic leadership made a strategic decision not to focus on the war in Iraq.
They didn't view it as a winning issue. There were no Iraq veterans among Kerry's inner circle of advisors briefing him on the state of the war.
We tried to get through to him we thought he'd appreciate what we had to say.
In the summer of 2004 a friend of mine and in passion to Iraq veteran drove four hours to meet with the veterans outreach coordinator for the Kerry campaign.
Two days after he got home from Iraq this guy had been stationed at Abu Gharr with a proper body armor.
When his mother bought in some real bullet through a farmer on eBay and sent into him in Iraq the media outwitted the story and published a slew of articles about the under equipment of the military.
So this soldier thought that the Kerry campaign would be happy to receive him.
But when he arrived at the Kerry headquarters the staffer said she didn't have time to meet with him.
He protested in the summer where staffer found time to meet with him in the lobby. He gave her about a dozen articles from major media outlets talking about the body armor story including one in which John Kerry had been.
He said don't call me we'll call you and thank him for his time. He said can I see the headquarters?
He said no for security reasons no he told her he had a security clearance and had guarded members of al-Qaeda but he said sorry rules are rules.
Later he went to a press conference to defend Kerry from these swivewet veterans.
Kerry's cronies actually forbade him from speaking or is that for bad for bad him from speaking to the media and they hit his famed body armor in a box under a table telling him to stay on message.
Clearly the John Kerry of 1971 never could have gotten into see the John Kerry of 2004.
I realized then that I had no candidate and no party just as in Iraq veterans back home were given limited resources left to pen for themselves and to make their own plans.
A tremendous gap between the public and the truth existed in the national dialogue about Iraq because the first hand perspective which only those who served on the ground could provide was not being told.
How do you like that? Told you they're all in line.
So they're all bought off. Are you being cynical again about the American political system? I'm being realistic.
Good. 1538 votes on the pool. We got a shot again this 60 and we might make 17 but I doubt it though.
I mean this isn't a question. I mean this is just a you know you just check it in here. That's all but I have like 25,000 already.
I think Joel's got a point once upon a time back in the day. You know if we'd ever done this pool on IOD can you imagine we'd have like 40,000 votes on there right?
Right. No. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? 1538. No you're very hard when 91. Absolutely not 476. So there's almost a thousand right there.
A few 180, a few experiences like maybe 600, 108. 9. Yes, once 163. Of course I'm his fan of 123 and George doesn't believe any of it.
He says you're all making that up to make him look bad. Yes, keep changing what I'm saying. Yes, I mean you relaxed. Jesus God.
Is he outside about that or what, Josh? I'm a tight about you changing what I'm saying. So who cares me? Who cared why?
What did somebody says something and you say the opposite? Right. You're right. Who cares? You've been doing that to me for a what?
Oh, I've been doing that to you. Yeah. Or if I would do that to you. Well, whatever. Yes, I'm gay 68. That's nine short.
I'm a 77 in that first pool. Well, we lost nine people. Maybe they moved away. I hit this pool 33 to 21% on by three and I'm a screamer.
Solomon, but we got one. We got a screamer. So you must have gone out there and told freaky Carlos Devona.
First of all, I don't think that most most heterosexual people, even men especially have any idea what a screamer is.
I think they over generalize. In other words, they call people screamers who aren't. Oh such as like people who may be a little bit limperist.
Or something in the old screamers. In other words, I'm aiming. Listen, I know a real screamer when I see one. Oh, yeah. I'm sure you do.
From the distance. Not not that I would see any here. You understand right anyway, Doug Thompson writes liberation.
That wasn't from liberators who aren't. Is this a good one this time? No, short though. All right. It was fair right in before this break.
You see how you when you when you do this, here's a little lesson for you for when I croak for a few days that you have to like put all the pieces like put a big puzzle together.
You know, have you ever done that? I'm sure you have. Oh, yeah, it's terminal. It's boring. It's for people who would like to say I have no right to get a puzzle.
It's got like 5,000 pieces in it. You know, and they put it on the floor and they spread all the crap. But you have to like put the pieces of the puzzle again.
That's why I do here with these bedtime story. Much better by the way than those seven months when I did it because they stuck man at nine o'clock in the morning. Remember that? Yeah, I do.
Not another good move. Greg another brilliant move man. They've done everything they can to sabotage the show and he's eight and a half nine years, whatever the hell it's been in it.
And we're still here. Still going strong. Still going something to the toilet dark Thompson says of the many lies told by the Bush administration about the invasion of Iraq and there are now too many to catalog.
Few stand out as prominently as vice president Dick Cheney's continued claim that the Iraqi people see Americans as liberators.
My belief is we will in fact be greeted as liberators. Cheney said I meet the press March 16 2003. I really do believe will be greeted as liberators said I meet the press September 14 2003.
I said will be greeted as liberators and we were he said again I meet the press September 24 2006. Say what? As Cheney repeated his lie for yet another time this month.
The pull by the University of Maryland's program on international policy attitudes found that 60% of Iraqis approve of attacks by insurgents against American soldiers in their country.
And 75% feel our military provokes more violence than it prevents. A separate state department told found two thirds of Iraqis living in Baghdad want US forces out of their country now so much for being liberators.
Iraqis see America's presence for what it is and occupying force from a country that invaded their country without provocation and clear violation of international law and invasion based on lies perpetuated by lies and driven by an out of control president within a gender that's got nothing to do with truth justice or the American way.
Correct that the criminal actions of George W. Bush define the new American way and America that's become an international bully and America driven by greed and lust for power and America that ignores the Geneva Convention and unleashes goons squad to rest respect the enemies without cause.
Detainment without consideration for their rights and torture them without regard to law or basic human decency.
The old American way would never have allowed such obvious dismantling of the Constitution and the rights of once guaranteed.
The old American way would never have allowed a madman like Bush or the criminal cabal that he runs from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to remain in office.
The old American way crumbled into dust and ashes along with the world trade center on 9-11. It died at the hands of a craven political opportunist who saw the events of that tragic days away to seize absolute power and destroy a great nation that once stood above the brutality of other parts of the world and refused to be sucked into the morass of barbarism.
The old American way died at the hands of an assassin named Bush and his gang of accomplices called the Republican Party aided by a politically castrated Democrats and mesmerized electorate that should have known better.
Liberators, not likely Mr. Cheney, use one of your favorite insults to those who dare disagree with you and your co-conspirators, F-OF.
Bush and the Thugs who control Congress have turned America into pillagers who destroy not only Iraq but also the Constitution of this country.
They have robbed America of its soul, purged it of its decency and stripped it bare of any pretence of standing for freedom, law, or morality.
The Rackies understand all too well that they were not liberated by the soldiers who invaded their country and now we're obviously an occupation where scores as civilians die daily from the anarchy created by the American presence.
Today, a Rackie citizens prey to be liberated from the Americans who destroyed their nation and poisoned their culture.
They aren't the only ones. Here in America, we prey to be liberated from the traitor-so-walk-up-yere government destroyed our nation and poisoned our culture.
If our prayers can be answered, maybe theirs can be too. Then both nations can be liberated.
The biggest name of the best talent ever exists, the O'Rourkeurs, for radio 560 to 8am.
And to hear what mommy says about the meat guys are shouting, keep on chewing.
Hello, I am Sambo Roy and like many of you, I had a problem with missing skull. I woke up one morning, scratched my head, and cut junk.
Off my skull is in my hand.
This is size-firling for the Skull Club for men. Sam who is like thousands of men with missing skull. Not only is it fatal, it can lower your confidence in self-esteem.
I started losing my skull in my early 20s. I was sick and tired of being called num-scull and half-brain, so I called the Skull Club for men.
With our non-searchical skull replacement system, we take pieces of skull. If I don't ask us where we get them, and use a staple gun to replace them as Ukrainians.
Now when I run my fingers through Tom's skull, I don't end up with chunks of brain. And it looks so natural.
Thank you, Skull Club for men. So call Skull Club for men today. And remember, I'm not just the Skull Club President, I'm also a member.
Wait a second, that's my skull on the floor. I got it. Don't forget the head gear, don't leave home without it.
12.33.27.11.11.1559. I'm a pull. I think we're not 16 by the top of the R&N 17 by 2 o'clock, or else? I did what?
And then, well, we got to make plans for the Monday show, the Yom Kibers show.
Okay. I'm kind of curious, though. Now it's interesting it falls on a Sunday night, and then, let's see.
Well, the big O is on a scale. I can't even bow or list it on the morning, so they must be glam.
Now wait a minute, it's got the Humper from New York, five to seven. And it's also got the power hour between four.
So I don't know, wait a minute, that's Friday. I don't have next week's schedule, do you?
It's not going to be working on Monday. We don't have next week's schedule. It's only Thursday. What's the big rush?
What's the Bums rush? I'm sure Clarence has got a lot of other sports issues to deal with between now and tomorrow.
But I have that schedule. I don't want to see anybody going to burn in hell because they get forced to be working on Yom Kibber.
That would be bad. This is bad. The older soldiers called themselves the Greyberg brigade, but Sergeant first class Meredith Howard has never talked about her age soon.
No one asked in training the Corpus Christi native ran as hard as men, much younger.
She became a gunner on a Humvee at a military base in Afghanistan, building a wooden box to stand on so she could see over the turrets.
She was only five foot four. Last night Howard and Staff Sergeant Robert Paul sat on the backstoop with their barracks with the base cook as usual.
We started talking about the times you got shot, said the cook Air Force Sergeant Marlon McDaniel 42. I said I probably duck. I wouldn't know what to do.
But they both basically said at the same time when it's your time to go. It's time to go.
The next day Howard and that's something the way people always say that. Yeah, they say it's your time. Why did God take so and so now? You know, why did God?
The next day Howard and Paul made a supply rendezvous with military base near the Afghan capital. They never made it back dying in a fiery suicide bombing couple on September the 8th.
I guess it was their time to go. At 52, Howard who had gray hair and an infectious smile became the oldest known American woman to die in combat.
A 52 year old nurse died in Vietnam, but she died from a stroke. The fact that she was even there serving as a gunner on a Humvee shows the drain that the two words of put on all volunteer military.
She was the new face of the military civil affairs units, which do reconstruction and relief work constant deployments have tapped out the regular army reservists who most often fill those jobs in Iraq and Afghanistan.
She had never been deployed before, not since during the reserve on a women 88 after a medical unit was disbanded 96. She was assigned to the individual ready reserve for soldiers without a unit.
She still went to monthly. I'm sure there's some of those soldiers without a unit. She still went to monthly drills, but mainly handled paperwork.
But as a stop cap and a first for the West military, provincial reconstruction teams in Afghanistan were being filled by a mix of Navy Air Force Army National Guard and reserve soldiers.
And many in the reserve were like Howard and the individual ready reserve home also to be tearing officers and soldiers who had recently left the army.
Howard was a no frills woman more comfortable pounding a hammer than wearing a dress those who served with her said in Afghanistan. She often visited the base of her unknown as Home Depot and built herself an arm wall on a side table.
She was accustomed to challenges. Howard wanted to be a firefighter but her hometown of Corpus Christi didn't hire women.
So in 78 she joined fire department in Brian as a first female firefighter and 91 she started dating who have have a bowl whatever his name is who made fireworks for a living in 2004.
The couple moved to Walkershire, Wisconsin for his job. They never felt the need to get married not until she got called up in December 2005.
As a boyfriend, I would have no status for the army. He said as a husband I did.
In the meantime, she's dead.
For Afghans in this conservative tribal area where most women were burkers that cover everything it must have been a bizarre sight.
A gray-haired woman in a helmet on top of a hungry.
And as she's dead, 52 old lady and she's dead.
See what the spaces you just sent me. What the hell is this?
Oh no. I'm not going to rip guyco. I love their spots.
I don't like it a rip guyco. It's the dolphin stuff that's on there is the interesting stuff.
What are you talking about? It says regarding guyco. I too find the portal is very entertaining.
However, we should know that guyco, which is owned by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, is a company responsible for all the speed traps you see.
Yeah, no, that's point number two is what I'm talking about.
Oh, let's see. The panthers increased their season tickets from 7,000 to 2,000, 3,000, 4 to 8,500 last season.
Those, yeah, but it'd be put a boop, but it goes out and on. Yeah, right.
They lie. They all lie. Norma Kentson, the article last night by Sarah Talley and Harold about these attendance figures.
You know, try to rationalize about how they do this. They take the number of actual seats sold in multiple,
I times 10 and then some Frank six. And then they say, this is how many people are really there.
Even though you know there was nobody there, whether it's a Panther game, a dolphin game, a Marlon game, whatever it is, a heat game.
The Miami Dolphin said they sold more season tickets this season than any other since Wayne Heising about the team in 94.
The 61,121 season tickets sold for the season is 14% higher than the football teams season ticket sales last year.
Must have been that great change they made. One of the other station. I think that's it. Jimmy Cifal has to be.
Plus the dolphins are still selling season tickets for this year, six remaining games at Dolphin Stadium.
The stadium in Miami Gardens has a 75,000 team capacity for football.
Anyway, why is this interesting? Oh, I don't know. I thought it would be.
It says lastly, there was a local establishment that will have slots up and running in a couple of weeks,
but I can't name them because they'll compete with the sponsor of yours.
Also, please give Colorado ID. I don't want Colorado ID. I want to take calls again, Andy and Miami Beach.
Get lost. That's not what I'm doing with it. Colorado ID is if we don't know. Get out of here. Take a hike.
Long. I thought it was a long pondress. You know, suck me into reading a damn story.
Andy and Miami Beach, my ass. You know, damn well. It's got to be Andy and Hollywood.
There can't be two people with that name equally crazy. Like who cares about all of that?
Okay. I saw you know parts of that game like a few minutes on it.
There was nobody there the other day. There were like maybe 60,000 people, even the newspapers admitted that.
Oh, but it was a sellout. Well, yeah, sell this 1500 and what? I'm trying to refresh this damn thing.
They must all be voting on it now. What are we going to do on your own, Kipper? 1571.
Have you ever had a homosexual experience? Why are we taking this poll? Because we can for the hell of it.
Because we took it a few years ago just to see the comparison. And poor, we are losing that gay audience, man.
You better start talking more about that movie when you're on. That's what it was.
See, when you're on here and of course you were on a lot during the summer, too much of that heterocrat.
Sorry about that. So the gay figure, you didn't say that word about James Franco and how he looked.
I'm trying to make up that word. Which one was that? That fly boys?
Oh, yeah, you actually saw movie with James Franco and you said it was.
But he was in it. Was he naked? No. Damn it. Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, you ferry 503. No, you ferry.
Absolutely not 488. So you put that together. You got 991, almost a thousand. A few, 182.
Yeah, I say 182 is a few experiences. Yes, once 165. Just one time. Just a little, a little dabble, do you?
Of course, I'm Hispanic, 125. Yes, I'm gay, 69. I hate this poll 34. I'm bi, 4 and I'm a screamer.
We've got one screamer out there.
The biggest name of the West.
Six Got a claim!
I'm a radio number eight.
A pollutant and copper Wow.
A pollutant, a pollutant?
A pollutant, a pollutant, a pollutant or water humidity 105.
You went to Houston, didn't you?
You find a belt?
Welcome to Walmart.
I hope they don't want me here tonight.
Welcome to Walmart.
Welcome to Walmart.
You want a card?
No, see here.
I'm offering you this card.
Now take it.
I don't want a card.
You're going to take this card if I ever lose.
1246.
We know Dan well where he is.
He's right over there at 850, WFCL, 850 on the other side.
Anybody listening over there?
No.
No.
Make sure you open the book.
No.
Who now are we to talk?
Between Evandon, who the rights of pressing the vote?
I don't want to read all this depressing stuff.
1580 votes on a pool.
We'll have that 1600 before you can say, oh my god, it's Mo again.
Who did Mo?
She says, with election day around the corner concerns about an under voting debacle of Florida 2000 for portions running high,
especially given problems at primaries this year in Maryland or Illinois and several other states.
Republicans and Congress are on the job and doing everything they can to further disenfranchise voters.
Rather than taking the necessary steps to strengthen expand and improve the democratic process,
the GOP has launched a new effort to create modern age,
Jim Crow exclusionary practices through new voter ID requirements.
The House recently passed a bill along party lines requiring voters to present a photo ID beginning in 2008.
Starting in 2010, voters would need to pay for a government issued proof of citizenship of virtual pool tax.
This shameful legislation was passed just months after the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act,
when President Bush declared the right of ordinary men and women to determine their own political future.
If the House bill passed, the Senate became law, the electorate would likely become more middle-aged, wider and richer,
and its sponsors are anticipating more Republican New York Times wrote in a recent editorial.
Demos, a national public policy organization reports that the legislation would disproportionately impact people of color,
individuals with disabilities, rural voters, people living on reservations, the homeless and low-income people,
all of whom study show our less likely to carry a photo ID, and more often have to change photo ID information.
Senate Democrats have asked that the majority leader bill FISC not bring the bill to the floor,
and let it have FISC senators read Kennedy.noBama wrote,
the burdensome and costly requirements of obtaining citizenship documents not only could prevent many eligible voters from participating,
but worst of all, this bill recalls a dark era in our nation when individuals were required to pay a poll tax to cast their vote,
and has been termed a 21st century poll tax. FISC next move remains to be seen.
States who are getting the voter suppression act, Georgia, Missouri, and Indiana have passed similar ID requirements.
The laws were overturned by the courts in Georgia and Missouri, while Indiana law was upheld by district court and is now under appeal.
The right wing pins hopes on appealing all the way to the Supreme Court were decisions by scully and the Supreme Supreme fall,
and their one-man one vote sort of favor, sort of.
This is the most sinister scheme I've ever seen, said former Georgia Governor Roy Barnes, and it's going on nationwide.
Voters of oppression doesn't happen with intimidation on election day, said Michael Waldman, executive director of the Brennan Center for Justice,
but rather through silent and sometimes secret government actions in the week leading up to an election.
If the Republicans are truly concerned about the integrity of our voting process, as Representative John Banner claims,
they should take a look at flawed voting machines that, according to the Washington Post, scientists have shown they could manipulate to report a vote total that differed from the actual total cast by voters,
or they could address the fact that the Diabold machines tested in Kyhoga County, which includes Cleveland, rendered a paper trail nearly 10% of which was destroyed, blank, ineligible, illegible, or otherwise compromised.
Or they could explain why Princeton professor was able to hack into a voting machine as an experiment, or they could reform the administering of elections so that partisan secretaries in state with law-fapolar climate visions such as Catherine Harrison and Ken Blackwell are no longer running the show.
Or they could try to stop the purchase of valid voters from the voter roles.
The blueprint for what to do is out there. Robert Paster, director of a commission on electoral reform organized by former president Jimmy Carter and former secretary of state James Baker told the Washington Post,
the Carter Baker commission identified 87 steps that need to be undertaken.
Regrettably almost none of them are being done right now. I would start by establishing statewide a nonpartisan election administration, he said.
And Americans can start by voting Democrat, there's no one, we're not pressing a new Congress to give us common sense before we create a truly democratic, transparent, and legitimate electoral system.
Just hope your vote is counted correctly, says Katrina. Banded who have let it. Not Hurricane Katrina.
Well, there's these extra pages that come pouring over the machine, they really frost my ass, you know.
All the poor little maple trees that have to be cut down up in all this paper, but you'll be pleased that I've just got a new case. Yeah.
Top has got a brand new case of facts paper, baby, delivered the other day. Tomorrow morning I'll tell you how to do that without getting all those extra pages.
Now, well, why can't you tell me right now, is it a complicated thing? No, it's just boring. You just select the text and then print that rather than everything. What do you mean by that?
Oh, you don't mean by going over all the, you're shmuring all over the text. Yeah. Oh, I know I've seen you do it. It's so Congress made it. Yeah, it's not complicated. Just take a second. Yeah.
Just that blue shmure overall the text. Mm-hmm. What if it's a real long article that I probably shouldn't be reading it anyway, right? It scrolls right down, it takes one second. Yeah.
Okay, well, let's see. Let me go back to the article when it started the upper left hand corner and just drag.
92 on the pool, by the way, drag it across the text. We're going to do it. Drag it. You know how to do that? Do what? Like your ass. Drag it. Yeah. Oh, it's dragon. Okay. Oh, there it is. I didn't about. Yeah, but now now you know now you can't stop.
Court just let go of it. Once you select the part you want, just let go of the mouse. Yeah, but you can start from the bottom. It's better. Okay. Yeah. You can do that.
If you start from the top, then you go down and you wind up accidentally a shmure and all the stuff down below it that you don't want the first place.
All the all the blog stuff, you know, you got to have better mouse control than that. I thought you well, I don't have. I know you have.
I know you have a mouse control. I've heard those stories. Yeah, well too bad. You control your mouse and I'll worry about mine. Okay. I can't. It's a matter of fact. I should. I really shouldn't get a different mouse.
I should get one of those remote remote. But when there's a cordless mice, I go in at home. Don't do that. Why not?
I always go in debt. You got to shake it. You got to change the battery. Yeah. I've had a problem. I don't know. I was dead. You got to shake it a lot.
Well, so because this the cord, you know, it zips across my keyboard, man. There's nothing worse than have a cord on your keyboard. Oh, just just give it a pull.
Gets on away in the way. 1594. We'll have 1600 by the top. They are then the mad dash to 1700. I don't know if we ever did that even during the 80 on days.
Because being old and, you know, very forgetful. I just I don't remember what the hell was going on. I know we had some pull where we had like 80's in both.
Because this town man was whipped up into a frenzy during those alien days. Like it was something really important. Was it? No. No. It was not.
And we're saying his was on the air there on Channel 7, getting on his cell phone. Oh, turn around. They're not going to be there. Turn around. Go to the sister jeans house. Well, I haven't played that in a long time.
Hands. Uh huh. It's coming up sister. Do you know that I have to I had it like read edit that everything we got yet. I know.
Everything we got. It's got like a minute. I figure what the thing is I had a bleep in there, but we'll find out when I play it. I do. I remember what wasn't. It's a G day. Yeah. Oh boy. I want to say that. God.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
Okay. Okay. Alright. Well, he and Karzai have been hurt in killing Tudor tonight. It's not a hunt. She told theciamoat and told theiversary strings. It's not a hunting deter. It's not a hunting deter. It's not a hunting deter.' how about you, he told the tails. He told the five boys or judges, they're trying to find the outside waiting. They are trying to find the outside waiting. They are trying to find the inside. He told the seven boys and judges. He told the seven boys and judges. Who are they yummy forces. Now, he said insiston. Now, he says she fought so hard for pumpkin, he says he was high, and she's in her Valley. Who are they bound to buy the toys in. You know, he said she was in her Valley. Who are they bound to buy the toys inativet. He
almost at my hands they'd homeless what's the other thing with O'Filloppel
and Phil O'Reilly's favorite what's that Filloppel how do you know that
it's what he said on that phone call with Matt Pristis
I didn't know that he did one of those calls to you
tell him a sheriff has been in a herbal duel with President Carzae or
Pacti Stan's role in the war in terror with the Afghan leader excusing it
of allowing cross-border operations by the Taliban from travel areas
it's who leaders how the contentious meeting over dinner hosted by Bush at
the White House last night they did not shake hands or shake their booty
interviewed his hotel in New York general Michelle said he believed bin Laden was
in Afghanistan of course and suggested a possible link with
Globodyne heck my tar the Afghan warlord see I can make up any of these
names I want because nobody ever heard any of these people in the first place
and who could care anyway that's it brandishing a UN report how I live with
colored markers the president read out it's finding that the insurgency
Afghanistan is being conducted mostly by Afghans operating inside Afghans
Afghanistan's borders they are at each other man tooth and nail hammer and
tongue and it goes on and on and it's all guessworth and who now knows maybe he
said if the Afghan the Hilton for all we know at the Sheraton Kabul
is another fact for this is as good as that last one from Brian and coconut
Creek it says two priest and Delray church accused of misappropriating eight
points six million dollars here we go picking on the damn church again good Delray
beach two priests and local parish were accused on Thursday of stealing more
than eight and a half million dollars from offering baskets and cash gifts to
St. Vincent for Eric Catholic Church and its school over the past 43 years a
Tisca to Tasket let me steal from that basket or as they say to the alder
boys a Tisca to well you know what they say arrest on a grand theft charge was
retired by senior John ski in 79 a priest and later pastor at St. Vincent about
40 years he wasn't in town for a while he was an askin you know where he went I
give up skiing he was arrested in Palm Beach International Airport
Wednesday and after returning from Ireland as bomb was set at 400 grand his
successor is pastor at St. Vincent about three years ago the Reverend Francis
school on is being sought on a similar grand theft charge wow police let's
scale a ski hand misappropriate about eight point six million dollars during
his tenure with the church and the 800 block of George Bush Boulevard both
at Fitzroyden like her glove detective said he used the cash to buy property
and other assets when that was also accused of misappropriating cash from the
offering baskets and shirts gifts and used the money to travel or gamble in
Las Vegas or the Bahamas oh my god he was looking for a good machine mine both
are accused of setting up slush funds to handle the cash millions of dollars
that should have gotten up in the homeless folks or the school itself did not
how do you like that Delray police police detective Thomas Watley called the
two-piece professional money launders didn't that lovely more than good
religion baby more than good old time religion you suckers keep going keep putting
the money in it and then of course they're all gonna be going to shul again
like they did in Russia show them the music gonna be slept in the show for
your paper again my rule got out of my put on a better skull cap
please
get away the life only
please I have the right brain for radio five sixty
you
am
so this is on it this is not a tumor it's the one to two hour
on
this
see
not
I
Inside your black and white looking like a real cool dancing cool
Look at her go swinging high and low with the boy red ball of old shoes
This is the best thing to
And to paint her own things
Do not you off your feet when you hear her well and shake
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turns me on
I know it sounds happy but I'm so not
And you think it is all
This skiing is about to swing
A shaken shelf in cold and heard funny
Night, eight, bad for eighty-five
Then act like a jump really vibe
She is dirtiest of dancing attracting
She's dirtiest of Rice Gurshi
She is dirtiest of dancing
She is dirtiest oflorizing
Auntie Cordokes for heating
She is dirtiest
That's where she's looked, she says
She said beauty with that boy red ball
Oh,noone's gotta tip him
Oh, that's not right, you're doing it, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, that
that's not correct, that's not correct, that's not correct, that's not correct, that's not correct. That's not correct. Both of us that sports their sport and not the benefits of golf textbook
and not the benefits of golf textbook, both of us that sports their sportlines. But that's not a professional pro out of us in terms of at least taken quite a minute, suitable for not getting into the football club.
that's not a professional pro. But that's not a professional pro. But that's not a professional pro. Nice hit through the time.
is performing well they want to get to the final ball and go, it'll give highlight to these couple here, you know, then for me, to see a good Senior Pedal Real, you know, then for me Baro is for truly at least taking now for granted, you know the champion's soccer world, training how to get in the braking so well they got in the training camp, like that one teacher of soccer.
because it says on Thursday September 20th,
it's just in time to kick off their 17th year in Miami.
So must be the anniversary.
So, you know, even though we can't stand their show,
happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Come on Josh.
Happy, happy anniversary.
Well, that was weak.
Sounded very instant serious.
Just just like mine was.
Although a bit of a liar.
Happy anniversary guys.
Nice going.
17 years and without stirring on the air,
you guys are kicking ass.
But to bring in a new producer, man,
he does those phone gigs and,
but if he put it up, put it up,
all this funny stuff, huh?
Maybe they'll get some of their own material.
We'll have to keep stealing everybody else's
including ours.
And even then they steal some stuff from me.
Yeah, Kenny and Bo, they only been on for like two weeks
and already they were stealing their material.
Pretty weak Ron.
16, 114 votes on the poll.
We'll make that 1700 by two o'clock
and then I'll come back again tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Friday, isn't it?
Oh, thank the Lord.
I know.
I never been too much in that TGI of crap.
You know, it sounds so corny at all.
Now that I'm back to this five day week schedule.
Plus, you know, this business of sitting here
and rambling on, brak.
See, I do three hours, man.
Rambling, ranting and reading for four hours.
Sure.
And then what this shows all about the three hours?
Reading and writing and rambling.
Yeah.
Ranting and roggers.
Damn, come on.
Four hours a day of this crap.
Now Gene Shepherd used to do one hour
where he would talk to himself.
He used to play the tapes on KAT 100 years ago.
Gene Shepherd, remember him?
Or is not?
He was pretty boring when he came right down to it all the day.
I don't know.
They loved him back in the day.
At church in ATM for Jesus, Augusta, Jojo.
Oh, man, you just ain't never lived
till you've been in Jojo.
Yeah.
Pastor Marty Baker preaches that the Bible
is the eternal and enviolate word of God.
Another church matters.
He's willing to change for the times.
Gene's are welcome.
It's Stephen's Creek Community Church.
You loved 100-member evangelical congregation
Baker found at 19 years ago.
Sermons are available as podcasts.
And the electric house band has been known
to cover Erosmith's dream on.
A recent men's fellowship breakfast was devoted
to discussing these spiritual wages of launching at Hooters.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
One of the gifts is such a big turn out.
It is a bit for relevance in a nation-charm
by pop culture and consumerism,
and it's not an uncommon one.
But Baker is weighted further into the 21st century
than most fishers of American souls.
As evidence, oh, I love that line,
fishers of American souls.
American cash.
As evidence, one wins the net when church
go where Josh Marshall stepped up
to a curious machine in the church lobby.
It was a strange machine-mind.
It was one of Stephen Creek's three giving kiosks,
a sleek black pedestal top of the computer screen
numeric keypad and magnetic strip reader.
Prompted by the on-screen instructions,
Marshall performed a ritual more common
and quickie marks than a house of God.
Some I tapped in some numbers.
The machines got out of receipt.
Marshall's $400 donation was routed to church coffers
before he found a C-3-ending worship.
$400, my ass.
I paid for gas today with a card got lunch
with one said Marshall, who's 30.
$30, man.
This is really no different.
Baker came up with a kiosk idea a couple of years ago.
He just kicked off a $3 million building drive,
but noticed that few people seem to keep cash
and they're walled anymore for the collections sack,
for the bag, L-SACO.
So he began studying the electronic payment business.
He designed his machine with a help
with computer programmer who's been Stephen Creek
and founded and found ATM companies
willing to assemble it for him.
In early 2005, he introduced the first machine
at his church.
Oh, wait till we have slot machines in the churches.
Isn't that coming?
A lot of.
That is better happen.
They don't work pretty soon.
Since then, kiosk giving his gradually gained acceptance
among his upper middle,
off only those priests from Florida
would have found out about that years ago.
Would have made that 8.6 million probably
put a couple more digits on that, baby.
The three kiosk are expected to take in
between 200 and 240 grand this year,
about 15% of the church's total donations.
It's truly like an ATM for Jesus, Baker said.
All right.
This summer, Baker and his wife, Paddy,
began selling their vices to other churches
through their four profit companies, Secure Give.
They are its only employees,
but a handful of contractors helped them
custom-tailority machines for churches.
Wow.
The kiosk can let donors identify the gift
as a regular tie their offering
or directed to building or missionary funds,
or just give it to Papa for lawsuits, you know.
The machines send information about the donation
to a central church computer system,
which shoots the donors in email confirmation.
Shoot the donors.
The Baker's charge between two grand and five grand
for the kiosk, which come in a variety of configurations.
They also collect a monthly subscription fee
of $49.95 for licensing and support.
And a current processing company gets 1.9%
of each transaction, a small cut of that fee
goes to Secure Give.
So far, seven other congregations have installed
and ordered the machines.
All of them are Protestant and most are in the South.
If the idea takes off and makes the Baker's rich,
Paddy says they will thank the Lord
and give a significant sum to their church.
About five bucks.
The concept is in its infancy,
but it's part of a broader attempt among houses of worship
to boost donations using modern technology.
In other words, to extract more cash from your ass.
Among the most popular are E-tithing systems,
which allow churchgoers to set up automatic contributions
for their banking counts,
much as they would their Netflix dues.
How do you like that?
E-tithing my ass.
Yeah.
How do you like that crap?
But Baker, a 45-year-old preacher grew up
in the Pedacostle Church as a South Carolina.
She's a more dramatic change in foot
than the culture of church giving,
as Americans increasingly turned to plastic
for their everyday expenditures
that has certainly been true outside of the church.
Six years ago,
debit cards were used in 21% of indoor transactions.
Today they account for a third of them,
according to the American Bankers Association.
debit cards.
At church services, Baker said the next few years
could be coupled with another up-heaval centuries ago
when offerings of grain and animals were replaced
with what was then the newfangled medium of money.
How about that car's this year too,
we say, Chuckling?
Baker assumes many churches are not yet ready to change.
They need to generate earthly revenue.
It can be a sensitive topic for the clergy.
Lamb putting their left,
their left subtle solicitation has been a sport
for generations of critics from tracer
to heavy metal bands.
The bakers have heard naysayers
that trade shows motor discipline to the kiosks,
some churches apparently fear that technology
so closely associated with commerce
might come across as crass rams with your ass, crass, right?
Something when religiously are going to start worrying
about being crass like all these televangelists under
these phony baloney,
where there are 800 numbers at the bottom of the screen,
we got two screeners by the way, excellent.
Great, 1621.
I wouldn't imagine that most low screeners would,
you know, envision themselves as,
oh, well, I'm a screaming queen, you know, you think?
No, no.
Because some people assume that there are people
who actually go out of their way to affect
that kind of a mannerism.
I can't even begin to imagine that, right?
You really believe that?
No, I find it hard to believe like who would be.
But there are people who believe that,
who would do that on purpose?
Why do you have to be so flaming?
You know, just push up a little bit.
Oh, I don't know, maybe somebody out in front there.
About six in ten or raki say the approve of attacks
on US-led forces and slightly more than that
want their government to ask US troops to leave within a year.
The Iraqis also have negative use of Osama Yamama coin
to the early September poll of 150 Iraqis.
That's the ones who are still alive.
Well, at least they were as of when they took the polling.
The poll done for the University of Maryland's program
on international policy attitudes found almost four
and five of raki say the US military force in Iraq
provokes more violence than a province.
Then we have this in an earlier story as we did,
if you were listening.
About 61% approved the attacks up from 47% in January,
that's on American soldiers.
A solid majority of Shiite and Sunni Arabs
approved the attacks on the poll.
The increase came mostly among Shiite Iraqis.
And over an overwhelming, well-many negative opinion
of tear cheap been larger and more than half,
57% physical of Iranian president,
Makhmoon Ahmadinejah.
A muddy Nijah.
That's it.
Three force say they think the US
plans to keep military bases in Iraq permanently,
well, they should know that.
Fourteen of them by the way.
Right.
A majority of Iraqi 72% say they think Iraq will be
one state five years from now.
Shiite Iraqis are more selected to feel that way.
Either way, majority of Sunni's encourage
also believe that would be the case.
The poll which included an over sample of 150 Sunnis
had a margin of plus,
muscle maintenance, three percentage points.
Now there you go.
We've been pulling the poor dam Iraqis.
The ones who are still alive.
And then every now and then they poke one on the ground
to say, well, we're taking a poll, a survey.
1625 votes in a poll.
It's going to be, I think tight, don't you?
We got 50 minutes for 75 votes.
You can do it.
And the interesting part of this is,
we got 74% of yes, I'm gay as opposed
to 77% the first time.
So we're missing three queens from a deck.
Two kings and three queens.
And of course, I'm Hispanic 127.
Topping 112 we had before, but Georgia doesn't believe it.
He thinks you're all like a bunch of macho men,
like the little Villelle.
I think I am.
The best, the best talent.
But I heard you say, I think you say,
I think you are.
Like, the biggest names, the best talent
is the Kenny of all morning.
Shoot over to Roger, on a mobile.
What's up, Roger?
I want to talk about the guy with a New York pizza.
Yeah, right.
What's the gravy?
I grew up in Austin, New York.
When you have tag parties all around those dreads
boards up there, saying, that's what feeds New York.
They're water.
So you know what they're threatening.
Oh, I just have to jump there a second ago.
There's Roger going, all right.
You guys think it's so great, man?
Here's a little something for you.
Enjoy this one.
Now we added some dope wins sometimes too.
Oh, I think it's a little different.
Here, quick day seven attacks.
4205-16-QAM.
Any time.
Junior has a juice box.
He puts in the straw before it takes a sip.
It's all over the floor, because it
beholded a good type.
It sprays his hands a kite.
Junior got a juice box.
He puts in the straw, and it's lit up all night.
It keeps dripping out and dripping out and dripping out
and dripping out.
But let's see, hold it just right.
Just keep your phone stay white.
Junior's got a juice box.
He puts in the straw, and it's lit up all night.
Please don't say it.
Come on, don't squeeze it.
Cause if you're scolded like it do,
you'll have to wash your shoes.
Junior's got a juice box.
Mama's cleaning up all night.
You're fair.
We used that one called a pop has got a squeeze box,
but we shouldn't play that one no more.
No.
Then that's how we're far down.
We've come on a rickous scale.
I don't think we have.
We apologize for the fact that we can't say crap anymore.
Okay, because Joyce, you know, it's not just the government
but we got Joyce and the governor is full of crap,
finance, 1634.
Over to that busher, just Afghan and Pakistani
presents to cooperate.
He said, no way Jose, he done it.
No, he done it.
Oh, my God.
Really standing it 1636.
The world is a bunch of, that's what it is.
My head is sitting there, my eyes won't use it, right?
Chancellor Angela Merkel, that's the one at the Bush
was a squeeze in the shoulders on, remember her?
Yes.
Urge Germans yesterday, not to about a fears of Islamic violence,
after that Berlin Opera House, Chancellor Mozart,
worked over concerned summacies could enrage scenes,
could enrage Muslims and poses a security risk.
What did I just say?
I have no idea.
But you remember that story, don't you?
Yes.
I think the cancellation was a mistake.
I think self-sensorship does not help us against people
who want to practice violence in the name of Islam,
she told reporters.
It makes no sense to retreat off-deliver.
Merkel's comments, which echo those of other German senior
politicians, fueled a row over the cancellation
of Mozart's Edo Manio, that overshadowed
the government's positive conference
promote dialogue with the country's 3.2 million Muslims.
Berlin's Deutsche Opera, a Saddamandai opera.
Deutsche Opera said I'm undated, pulled
performances of the opera, which features a scene
depicting the severed heads of the prophet Muhammad,
Buddha and Jesus, after police were to compose
an encapsulated security risk, they weren't too worried
about the Buddhists or the Goyim, but they were
real concerned about those Muslims.
The route comes just two weeks after Pope Benedict
enraged Muslims who enraged easily these days
very sensitive, very touchy, by quoting
from medieval text linking the spread of Islam to violence.
Last year's public case, their cartoons
lamponing the prophet Muhammad and the Danish
newspaper, triggered violent Muslim protest
in a bunch of dead people as well.
So I'm sure you'll recall.
The opera first performed in 1781,
tells the story of Creighton King Edo Manio,
a lot of Creightons around these days.
The controversial scene was headed by the director,
Hans Nuenfelds, and is the departure from the score.
And here, minister Wolfgang Schaubel,
told reporters after the conference that the participants
were united in their call for the opera
to restart performances of Edo Manio, starring Sal Manio.
Why did I keep talking about Sal Manio?
I don't know, because that man must be it.
No, it's because the guy sent faxed it in last week
for two weeks ago.
I mean, that was funny.
The sentence, I wish I could remember what it was,
but it was funny.
To send a signal, we could all go to the performance
together, Schaubel, who has no authority over the opera house,
thought reporters after the conference.
Wouldn't that be great?
All hold hands, just like Bush can go with Karzai and my
and Mesharff and Afadena Jai.
Got all hold hands and go around the maple pole together.
How are we doing on that?
Are we going to get to 17 other?
Because if we don't, it would be a devastating blow
to our egos.
1638, that's kind of great.
Isn't that about where we were yesterday at 130?
And then I switched it.
Right.
We still have only two screeners, only four by.
Although I'm sure the by guys and the gals,
what we don't have the gals.
I wish.
Well, we don't.
We have no female audience at which we're the by gals.
Oh, you're so wrong, Neil.
Huh?
I wish we had some bygals.
Do you really?
Yeah.
Why you want to buy them?
All right.
How much?
Two new statewide polls in California show Republican
governor Arnold Schwarzenegger widening his lead over
Democrat Philanzer Lee's with just six weeks to go before
the election.
They love Arnold.
Dominating the news and reason, we used with splashy
bill signing ceremonies and celebrity news events.
Schwarzenegger's jumped to a 17 point lead over the state
treasure.
And by the way, Julie, we've got a 10 point lead in Connecticut
over Dave Lamont.
I mean, Ed Lamont, Princeton, Lamont's campaign is like faltering.
You know, like who the hell is that anyway?
By the way, Josh, did we carry the press conference yesterday
where T.O. said he did not try to commit suicide?
No, he's not.
We did not?
No.
Why not?
Everyone was piled up in the bullpen to hear it,
but we weren't carrying it.
They were all piled up in a bullpen to hear it?
Yeah.
They were all piled up in the bullpen.
Well, yeah, but they're doing other things.
A bunch of cam was not too happy about that.
Probably screaming.
Get out of my bullpen.
You idiots, you A-holes.
The field pool fund that Arnold has got improved the two points
since July, and now leads 44 to 34 points
among likely voters.
Even more telling is that nearly seven out of 10 voters say
that they think the governor will be reelected.
He's a shoe in because he's Arnold.
He's the terminator.
He's illiterate.
He's a goofball.
He's a, well, both fools also found only
modest support for Angeliz among voters in his own party.
The governor has surprising strength.
The terminator among key groups in areas
of the groupinator of the state considered democratic
stronghold with a coalist in unions beginning
a multi-million dollar campaign against the governor
this week and the much anticipated debate between
the two set for next week.
Angeliz deported still insist they've got time
to turn the moe, mint in the moe.
Do do do do do do do do do do.
So both poll authors said Angeliz faces a tough uphill challenge.
There you go.
They let Arnold man just like they loved Reagan
and George Murphy, all the Hollywood people, man,
just run for office when you're washed up and show
business, just run for politics and get all the
grafted and grabbed with both hands, right?
Right.
They're doing 1644, 56 votes for 700 and 37 minutes.
That should be easy, not even to a minute.
We should be able to do it.
But don't take it for granted, though, please.
Wait, can you hear this?
Guess who's defending Clinton's 911 efforts?
I don't know.
Some have been lied.
Oh, he looks a little like him without the beard though.
Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani,
defended Bill Clinton yesterday over the former president's
Qatar terrorist message, referencing recent criticism
on preventing the 911 terrorist attacks is wrong.
That's what he said.
Political bickering, oh, in fact, look at this look where he was
in four-law today when he said that.
And because he's standing at the podium
and is a big banner, Charlie Christopher Goverter,
right in front of him because Charlie Christie.
Political bickering over which President Clinton
or Bush Miss Moore opportunities to prevent the attacks
has been escalating since that combative Fox News
interview.
The idea trying to cast blame on President Clinton
is just wrong for many, many reasons,
not the least of which is I don't think he deserves it,
Giuliani.
And he said, in response to a question after an appearance
with fellow Republican Charlie Christ
who's running for governor, that's Charlie.
Yeah.
I don't think President Bush deserves it.
The people who deserve blame for 911.
I think we should run ourselves.
Are they terrorists?
The Islamic fanatics who came here and killed us
and want to come here again and do it?
Well, if they killed us, how come we're still talking about it?
Interesting.
Who came here and killed us?
Secretary of State Condom Leza challenged Clinton's
claim they did more than many of us.
Who did Moe?
And accused the Democratic leaving no comprehensive.
Well, we know about that.
Giuliani said he believed Clinton, like a successor,
did everything he could with the information he was provided.
And a partridge in the poetry.
Go away, Rudy.
No, come back.
You and your buddy, Charlie.
Yay.
Chris, it's one thing about Florida, man.
There are two colors that are coming out now.
True red.
They're bleeding red.
All that crap about, you know, well,
Florida and Yadi Yadi.
It says, the Yahoo state, man.
It's a red next state.
1646, we got five buy by the way, but still need two
flamer scrimmers.
If all the scrimmers would come out of the closet,
we'd have like 1,000 more already.
Maybe they already voted.
For what?
What could they're doing it a lot?
Yeah.
For, uh, yes, I'm gay.
Oh, I see.
Well, we only got 74.
We're still three short from the 77 from 100 years ago.
I'm thinking they moved away.
Or maybe they turned on the Ryan and Paul show
and forgot to change his channel.
The biggest name, self-vestile.
Why did you know that on the picking,
it was the first to win the first 16.
And, uh,
the biggest names.
The best talent.
All right, hammer.
Tell me what you saw yesterday.
It was a win that didn't feel like a win.
Yeah, this is a bad football team.
I'm even an average football team right now.
It's a bad team.
And the last two weeks at home,
it ran up one touchdown per game.
And that's not good.
That says you have serious problems.
The power power with Hank Culvergan,
Jim Anders, 420560, QAM.
Look at him.
And speak.
Hey, what the hell was up to when
Prick and Trankin?
Is she lost her mind?
What the hell was she thinking?
I never thought she'd chase girl tail.
Never suspect that she didn't get old.
She's got a stand-up with a child's leg.
Oh.
She felt the need to say that she's not a lad.
They just go shopping together and then.
It's not a girl.
A girl hot-played.
Don't far off each other's jeez-dream.
She got in love with Gail King.
Because of her not a game, she don't go that way.
No see the thing is we're the double-dead-win-be-a.
No, because not a game, she can't have to say.
She's got a fair of the LPTA.
She's got a Gail King not a women.
If that she does Gail King's wrong, I can't swear.
That's why they say that she's not a game.
Oh, look at that trick, I'm not right for a suspect.
Two sheriff's officers involved in shooting in Lakeland.
Do you see that?
No, I'm being.
The American have her way, baby.
They're traips into the woods right now.
Do you see that?
No.
Oh, you're not watching CNN.
I am now.
Oh, too late.
Oh well, as soon as you turn it on, they shut it off.
Figures.
The NFL never has had much luck in dealing with players with psychological or to make it stronger
with psychiatric problems.
Then again, the NFL is not in the medical health business.
It says this is an SI.com.
It's in the image business.
And when say a bird robins or a Dmitrius Underwood or a Lanzo spell, and in this case a
tarot loans comes along, the league is fairly helpless.
That big macho NFL man to become like a limp-rested helpless.
We're still gathering facts about T.O.'s latest, when genuine suicide attempt to call for help, a
completeness understanding question mark, Oens denies trying to kill himself, but who knows what really happened?
How much of a shadow do?
One thing is clear and has been for quite a while.
There are major psychiatric issues with this man, and no one quite knows how to deal with him.
In other words, put a little bit like that.
I wrote this last year when T.O. was stirring things up with the Eagles, concerning his contract.
A team official told me the whole matter could have been worked out quietly, if T.O. had raised such a fuss about it,
if he would have come in quietly without all this commotion, we would have come to an agreement.
We were prepared to. We didn't feel as the man was unreasonable, given the way he came back from his injury last year,
and the great super bowl he had.
Well, when a guy puts a gun to your head, you're only creating more problems if he came in.
But that wasn't it, isn't T.O.'s way.
Staddist quote drives him wild. It's as if he can't stand peace and stability.
He has to be doing something to create a stir or make waves, get people fired up.
I think he's a dronic queen in other words.
There you go, arranging stunts to capture the attention of the press one moment, shutting them down and telling them I'm not talking to the next,
he has driven his mood swings over extreme.
Call the former bipolar disorder, borderline schizophrenia, whatever you like.
I'm not a psychiatrist, so I can't put a name to it.
But I've had a long time relationship with psychiatric problems because of a close relative who's had them,
and I've seen quite a few people like T.O.
It's tough to feel sorry for him, though, because he's got a mean street view with everything else.
He didn't attack dynamic McNabb or offensive coach of Brad Childress until they were their lowest-end, but they're most vulnerable.
Same thing with his quarterback in San Francisco, Jeff Garthea, speaking of Gave.
But that doesn't mean he's not suffering from something that never really gets addressed.
Spellman and Underwood were both first-round draft choices and defensive linemen, both were diagnosed with major psychiatric disorders.
Underwood didn't stand his prescribed medication for any decent period. He never played in a regular season game.
Spellman was more careful about taking his meds, had a decent career but never lasted in football past his 20s.
Robbins, a raider center, was scheduled to start in Super Bowl 38 against the Buccaneers,
but on Friday night before the game he flipped out and never set foot on a football field again.
He was diagnosed as bipolar, compounded with booze problems.
He admitted he had major troubles when he went off of his meds. He'd been in trouble with the law, and he's been in trouble with law of her since.
Mike Tyson, long as been suspected of having serious psychiatric problems, no kidding.
The mood swings, the ferocious behavior at times, contrasted with periods of almost serene reflection.
He admitted that he took medication for depression, and that's tough, but that's as far as he goes.
Other stuff. The problem with high profile athletes like Tyson and NFL Lyman, said at the above,
is that their meds, while controlling for the most part their psychiatric problems, take little off their physical prowess.
For an athlete who's trained all his life to achieve a certain peak, instead of stating he's subject himself to something that will deprive him of that slight as little edge.
Ask very bonds about that, all right? Just put that in. Don't be taken on berry again, okay? Josh gets very upset. He cries.
This is especially true in performers of explosive types of sports such as football or boxing.
It also applies to artists and musicians, creative people who feel that the meds have a slightly dulling effect.
I want to ask a psychiatrist, which would have, what? Which would everyone have preferred a highly medicated, fully stabilized Vincent Van Gogh, or the Van Gogh of Stary Knight?
Like a gyvercracker. He admitted to me that these psychiatric communities got problems even with exceptional people, like Vincent Van Gogh, who was it that did the song Vincent Don McLean?
Right? I mean, little piece of trivia there for you don't have it? You don't have Vincent by going to Stary Knight?
Oh, no, that's enough. That's more than enough. Football players at the highest level developing a sense of invincibility or at least a periodic ordinary citizen.
I remember talking to Lawrence Taylor after he bolted from a drug rehab program, which could be compared in sense to psychiatric rehab.
Definitely not for me, he said. You go into one of those group sessions with all these losers sitting around and then they call on you and say,
Mrs. Smith and ask yourselves about your day. What the hell did I care about her day for?
I'm convinced that he was really in need of treatment right now. It says, doesn't say, and there's no a by-line on this to us for a solicitor. It's got no name on it.
It says, of course, then he might not be the number 81 you see flashing across your scene on Sundays.
At least we wouldn't have to worry about whether we swallowed handfuls of painkillers or not.
Are you worrying about it? I'm not. No. I couldn't give a crap less.
Oh, there's a search underway in the woods out there. Now let's see, is this the search in Florida? Oh, yeah.
Lakeland, ever been to Lakeland? Don't. I think I've been through it. Oh, man. Talk about trailer trash. Good, Golly. That is one.
In fact, Lakeland is like one big trailer park. You know who used to live in Lakeland? The bird.
Yeah, he beat me to it. Yeah, he lived in Lakeland. He never impressed me as being like red-mecky. No. I mean, a lot of other things you would probably like to say about him because you were a heart-aid.
Well, you know, he's dead. Yeah, and that was a great show we had in the morning. I don't know what you fired. It was a good show. I didn't say a lot about that show.
And deservedly so. He was, well, it was my mistake. I, you know, I try to be the godfather for the whole universe. Can't carry the world on my back. You know, I'm getting back pains.
That was a bad mistake. He didn't belong on that show. But I'm Zeta. He fit in like a, like a glove, you know, like a pathologist glove in your...
Right. It was part of the zoo with Captain David. It was fine. It was good. It was good. And of course, we also had John. What's his name for it? Oh boy.
1662. We need 38 and 23 minutes to get to 17 that we're doing the show, which will get us the front page of the London Independent, New York Times, L.A. Times, Palm Beach Post, 1663.
22 till 2. Don't forget Mad Dog. Come over to a clock to tell you again about how Dondi called pepper sucks and then often stink.
She wouldn't say that now because they're on our station and then next saving itself better out of shape and blah blah blah blah. Too bad. Your team sucks.
Isn't it time you took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparation? This is human nature, I guess, but most people wait until the last second when a hurricane is on the way and believe me, there will be some.
And then sometimes it's too late. The hurricane shuttler outlet manufactures easy to use accordion shutters and now they even provide you with expert installation too if you need.
Column 954-237-7083. They feature rolled-on accordions and panels too. Just let the hurricane shuttler outlet custom make even install the shutters for you.
Column right now at 954-237-7083 and get on your way to top notch protection. You really have to have it if you live in Florida.
The hurricane shuttler outlet family owned an operated license insured and Dave Brown and Palm Beach County approved. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels.
Cut to your specs and ready to for you to pick up or deliver right to you. Like I said, now even install them for you too if you like.
The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards are seven and don't forget please if you mentioned my name, tell me that Neil sent you.
You get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order 350 square feet. Their hurricane shuttler outlet column at 954-237-7083 or just log on to their website, hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name of the best talent of this is Neil Rogers for radio 560-7AM.
Fuck it in and hold it.
Fair roll right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Say the only is bonnie to we turn in their own mothers.
How venture gonna say that when it comes at your back if they make your board that train right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Well, just in and up just have right.
Real in the airways with me. The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill Andrea Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel constant clearly out.
Are you sure that right wing Nazi Republican mother.
For all the table talking it is to get any.
That's a good thing.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Well, the Democrats, the crap that paint like a child that is scary.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
If they run jolly, they run.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
They are all right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Who get indicative it isn't them.
It's getting a juicy hunger.
Just remember what I said when it comes at your back if they make your board that train right wing Nazi Republican mother.
They are all right wing Nazi Republican mother.
For all the table talking they pay 16 before 205, 60, 70, 70, 70, 73 as well as says on my.
We need 27 votes in 15 minutes.
That's not quite too many.
Yeah, we could do it maybe.
Not me but the audience can do it.
It's not even a vote if they need me requiring an opinion.
It doesn't even require a mental process although well I don't know let's see am I I don't know.
Although we are tracing the votes.
16, 70, 73 we got eight by a people out there but only two screamers two flamers out there so far.
BAMING!
Let us be the judge of that.
You know this food cake in the Colorado.
Good lesson for your parents.
Tell you don't don't the one that there was a shooting up a kid in the school.
Oh that one.
A gunman who killed a student hostage and then himself during a high school standoff traumatizing the soldiers as hostages during an act that was of a sexual nature police said today.
Did what not say that again?
Traumatized and assaulted as hostages during an act that was of a sexual nature I say.
He had taken six-year-olds hostage in a classroom at Pat Canyon High School in Bailey Colorado.
He had released all the boys.
He sent them all out of the room.
He didn't he wouldn't interested in them.
He was going around making sure the boys left the classroom.
It was apparent to me that one of the kids that he wanted the females in the class.
He turned me around and pointed to the guy in my face told me the good idea if I just left.
As he left the classroom the kids said another female student was coming in the door as he pushed her out of the door when they left the building together.
He said his initial reaction was to stay in the room with the female students.
I wonder the girls to have some support in the room he said but this slime ball, Duane Morrison, he didn't want no guys in there.
Authorities have searched Morrison's car in which he appeared to be living.
They said the suspect didn't have much of a criminal history only minor things run his record.
Bailey Colorado by the way is not far from Columbine.
I just mentioned it and that and passing.
So while you are parents out there if you have your kids don't move to Colorado.
It's probably a good idea.
If you do move to Colorado like home school or something like that.
Anything.
Now what's this going on in Lakeland?
There's a shooting that happened there and police have asked everyone in this area to stay in their homes as they searched for a suspect earlier.
We saw law enforcement on the ground with dogs and with right-wing dogs.
I'm really glad to see you on the area to look for the suspects.
We've got schools on lockdown.
But on the phone with us we've got Polk County emergency management representative Pete McNally.
What do you know?
Well not much more than just told us.
I kind of can make a story a little bit later with regards to be shooting and so forth.
But you're exactly right right now.
We have the schools in lockdown area.
They think they've located the area where the suspect is or these general areas that got that surrounded by people.
Crazy people with guns baby.
And law enforcement on the area to try to get our deputies out of there.
Okay and Mr. McNally we're hearing that this all stemmed from a traffic stop to Polk County Sheriff's Office of Sheriff's deputies were involved in the traffic stop.
Tell us what precipitated after that and if there are any first or there are any injuries.
Well unfortunately I can't really tell you any details.
I just learned about it a little bit later after that the shooting had taken place.
So I'm not sure what precipitated it but I know that what you said that is true.
That the what's like the Kathleen area where the suspect is looking right.
Well and of course that's in Polk County.
Have you ever been in Polk County?
Sure I have.
Man.
You know Polk's out there and yeah but you don't have that.
I don't even know who the hell has done that song.
Polk's out of the any.
Although some Polk shops are good.
That's from the Gibson's name.
Get some Polk shops for your own kipper.
Now who did that?
Oh my god yeah and that's actually it.
Polk's out of the any.
Tony Joe White.
Tony is Tony Joe White?
Nope.
I'm not going to say it here.
I see him.
That's from me on.
I've been down south too much.
No I should open up this.
You all understand I'm telling the best.
And they were planned to go out and move.
That's for you.
And it's all right.
Go mother going on here.
Near back on the Polk's out there.
Polk's out there.
I'm going to say it again.
You forgot to put it on.
Post-Syholydanyman it was a gigantic smash.
Not I'm certainly a one hit wonder.
I'm sure of that.
Yeah.
1681 let's see.
Vepity's injured in the accident.
Two sheriff's deputies have been shooting in Lakeland.
And they're combing the woods and they're like foaming at the mouth.
And crazy people would gun.
That's America baby.
Zined America as they say in Lakeland.
Move it to Oakland, California.
This is kind of a strange story.
A dead llama found in the streets of Lake City officials wondering how the South American
animal ended up abandoned in an urban area.
Well how could anything from South America, white open California?
Yeah.
At first East Oakland residents assumed a part of the animal with black and white spots
with a horse and called the city's animal control department to report the find.
At first it looked like a horse always so was a head sticking out from a tarp
said and recording with the Oakland's animal control field services.
But I looked at it closely and I said look at the ears.
That's a llama.
The llamas legs were tied up and was covered with a tarp but it appears to have died of old age
Gordon's several.
Thank God for that.
Residents of the Oakland Hill sometimes keep llamas who are members of the Campbell family as pets.
I wonder where the Oakland Hills of people come from.
I don't know.
Well they keep llamas?
Or aren't llamas big and Peru?
I guess, yeah.
Children you guess.
What do I know from South America?
You better get with it mister.
You better start studying your roots.
Yeah.
My brother.
I'm not feeling any of those antedans.
She'll give you a little of what for.
I can't think of any reason somebody would just dump it.
He said people have animals that good usually have money.
People that have exotic animals.
But Gordon said he probably wouldn't spend much time solving the mystery of the llama.
The animal doesn't seem to have suffered abuse and since it wasn't branded,
he doesn't know where it started looking for the owner.
Somebody dumped their dead llama out there and they ran the trash out in the road.
Not good.
I hear a head like a brown splot on its pants too.
Not good.
Sixty-need-four.
What is it?
This is a little too close for comfort.
You know what?
They're toying with me today.
They're diddlin'.
Sixty-need-five.
We need 15 votes in nine minutes.
Now that's not even two a minute, right?
Right.
But taken down a little bit too close to the wire.
It's like some of those football games.
Like the Patriot Jets game a couple weeks ago.
Not too close for comfort.
And it shouldn't have been.
We should easily have two thousand on here.
We had a big head start.
You know what?
I think we scared some people away though with that screamer selection that you instantly putting on here.
Screamers.
You know?
It's your attitude.
Flaimers.
Screamers.
Huh?
Right.
Who got on this?
Sixty-need-six.
Fourteen votes we need in nine minutes.
I bet you've fallen old Ronald start taking their own polls starting tomorrow.
And their poll probably will be if you ever had a homosexual experience.
Wouldn't you think?
I imagine.
Didn't somebody tell us that they were already doing that?
Yeah.
Taking polls.
They already ripped off something from Kenny and Boah.
I don't know.
You know?
What can I tell you?
Good luck, guys.
Okay.
You'll need at 17 years on the market.
And for them, that's quite an accomplishment.
With their talent?
Incredible.
Bye-bye-bye!
