So you brought me
You got out
Nobody has got me now
Where the bag is
A wrap
You barely
Do you feel depressed?
Are you sick of the Miami dolphins?
Do you want something a little exciting for a change?
No!
Did you just stop watching the Miami horror chain?
Ha ha!
Yo! It's a football game!
A boxing man
And a guy! Oh, wrap up in one!
Even our noses are down with the cars!
I have nothing to talk about
You come to the warehouse
You should get to behind the kids
You don't come in the old oldies playing that stuff
You come to the ocean over there
You come to see
You can't go over the old house playing
Fucking noise like that
You can't hurt me
I was about to go down the elevator
No! So if you want real entertainment
Check out the Miami horror chain
It's a right baby
Ha ha!
Anyway, Q and his first time is 10-01
I haven't think I ever heard that before
In my life
Are you kidding me?
Do they say it all the time?
Everywhere says it every time
On this station we make fun of them all the time
When I do the show
I never heard that in my life
We don't know what that is
I came up with a four-year-old
Yeah, the sports time
It's different from regular people's time
That's what I was thinking
What a sports time is compared to just plain old
But actually in regular time
You multiply regular time by pi-r-squared
The square root of pi-r-squared
And then you get the sports time
Oh, do you get a pi in the face too?
Remember Ron Hershey?
Those great bits that he did on the
Yeah, I remember
I was just thinking about that a couple of years ago
Why were you?
Here's the poll from yesterday
Let's just move right along
Okay, let's start knocking everybody
Just because they won't listen to your stupid comments
Mr. Anti-Sports
Both campers write it's the anti-sports
Romain, George is in there like he hates sports
I just hate watching it and talking about it
And I agree
I don't mind watching it
In fact, maybe we got a hockey game on here somewhere
Wouldn't surprise me at all
If I could prove it, there's a show
That's fine
So it was a lead game from 100 years ago
But I should relax better than I'll say that
At any rate, who will I'll say it?
No one will see the product
All the orders are changing
Smith and Shotton's a gear just got to be
Staring past Rupel Rob truck
Stay one here the whole game
Is that a trick question?
What do Americans do better than anybody else in the world
Those are pollers
They weigh 1750 votes
1400 plus during the show
Wow, no, 15 wasn't it?
15 hundred was
Wow
Spend money on CRAT 522
Yeah, those Ron Hershey bits and retrospect were really funny weren't they?
No, they stupid 225 98
Deny reality 240 it
What is clearance getting fired?
That's our poll question today
How much longer is it going to be before Joe Bell finally wakes up and realizes that clearance is a mole-ron
An idiot, a silly sports nerd
You're fired clearance
Deny reality 240 it
That's what we're doing at Q-Ambra, Deny reality
Make war 150 kill 130 which I guess goes hand in hand
Although they do a lot of killing each other too
Pollute 110 waste time 69
They do movies better than anybody else 60
They screw their brains out 52
Although like I was saying yesterday
It's you know the human functions bodily functions are pretty much the same
Yeah, a party slice get intoxicated
37 they lie
3rd man anybody else 30 medicine 22 I hate this poll only 12.6% 0.6%
That sounds like one of our morning numbers and drag badly 10
I guess these people have been around or maybe they just have heard the stories about how they
Draft so much worse in like other places which they do
Although South Florida sure puts US in a running
Here's more good news from Iraq before we get into today's poll and important stuff
Q-Ambra sports time by the way is 10-04
I never heard that before you serious that the people on our station actually say that?
Listen I've been making fun of it for years
I never heard that try to get an explanation
What does it mean the explanation?
Are we supposed to say that?
Q-Ambs sports time
According to clearance the Q-Ambs sports time is the time we take the breaks on the log
What are you talking about?
That I asked him that question what is the Q-Ambs sports time?
When did you ask him that?
When we were making fun of it recently when George was doing the show?
Oh well even to George would be making fun of anything to do with sports
That's the time we take the breaks?
No it's not they weren't taking any break when he said that they were coming back from a break
So we were saying Q-Ambpoon time and Q-Amb casual sex time and V-O
Just to be different I don't know what time that is either but you know
Sounds more interesting to me
Here's a good news from Iraq because let's face it we are not going to say the course
For US Marines you know I had a quadruple header on the throne this morning
Wow I mean really necessary that I attended that quadruple and I think Quinn Tuples coming up
Farrantah Banana wow
For US Marines and one Navy saider have been killed and fighting in Iraq's vulnerable A&BAR province
The military said today bringing October's death toll among American forces
To 96 we got a shot at 100 oh yeah just staggering
The new monthly toll equals the previous recent monthly high that of October of last year
Continuing a trend that has October on track to be the deadliest month for US forces in two years
You can hear those voices screaming I'm dying on the hands
And of course they're dying for a good cause that's what your president told his sister
We still haven't figured out what that cause is but freedom's on the march
I don't want to make money that's one right that's because
We're going to have a spread democracy all throughout the Middle East whether they wanted or not
Now today's pool Halloween when is Halloween Tuesday?
Tuesday?
Well are you getting ready to get your sack you are trick or treating?
One of those there's the phone but if there's a package downstairs
I'm sure it's nothing important maybe it'll be a tweet
Halloween is we have 127 votes already which means we're going to have a thousand very soon
By the way QM sports time is 1006
I just you know I realized that the sports all attention is like a sickness
And if you're doing numbers that are so infinitesimal that it's just embarrassing
But you're just not making any progress with Kenny
He's obviously I said a lot bigger than you are
There's a lot more intimidating I've said everything I can say
Yeah well you know nobody listens to me
Well I believe he's decided to listen to clearance because he wants to keep the gig
Halloween is we have 937 votes fun 390
Only for little kids 258
Annoying 94
Stupid 66
The good thing in my building here is that they have a big signed out there
There's no one door to door trick or treating a lot of they have like a special room
In fact they're inviting people to go out and buy candy and donate it at the concierge
And leave the candy so they can give it to everybody's kids
School that because if I go out and buy a bunch of candy you know what's gonna happen don't you?
You're gonna eat it right that pig
Halloween is annoying 94
Or gonna come on most give me a break fat take my ass yeah you're right though I am fat
194 stupid 66 a waste of time 47
Well come on now wasted time do it
I hate this pull only 26 2.7%
It's witchcraft 26 that's the most important after said I bet you don't have that
Capital records thanks to not for it's a witchcraft he was so bad and dangerous 20
What's dangerous if you're like going out there and do it a bunch of nasty things
Dangerous for the kids if they get those poison apples apples with the razor blade and stuff like that
Yeah, and I've come to find out there never was
That's just urban it another urban legend the apple with the razor blade and there was never was any such thing
Although in Buffalo once upon a time many years ago
A bunch of prankster kids you know a bunch of really jackass kids what they did is they took like
I guess screwdriver and they made they went up and down to railing you and they made like indentations in the wooden rail
And the railing okay and then they stuck upside down razor blades in there you know the old Gillette blue blades
Yeah, that's not new man can you even begin to imagine
I'm about to paint by the way don't give apples out on Halloween what do you people thinking?
Why not sure better for a dog candy and you won't write off teeth and cause cavities but you're working for the devil
Associate you'll get the apple for that George and Josh are gonna real treat tomorrow. Yeah, we are Jackson's is bringing ice cream and weenies
That's right. All right, you know you know about that. I just just find it out. Well there you go.
And Jackson's annual anniversary celebration is going to be held on Saturday to February 18 from 7 to 10 PM
It's their major fundraising event for Joe to manage your children's hospital
Last year they raised over 10 grand the recently completed pediatric emergency care facility includes a treatment room sponsored by Jackson's
This is anniversary celebration features a musical and video retrospective look at Jackson's through the decades
They've been around for a city near Jackson's 50 years musical celebrity entertainers will be on hand to help rock the night away
Other activities to the anniversary celebration food a silent auction and raffle sponsored by dozens of local business and businesses
And the sale of food and soft drinks from which all proceeds benefit Joe to manage your children's hospital
Where's a lot of money for them they have so their 50th anniversary party in front of us is November 18
7 to 10 PM Jackson's in the day me of course, but it's a legendary place
There are too many places around it have been around as long as them. Most most of the great places from days of long gone by are long gone
By the way, QM sports time is 1010
I just I don't know it's just caught me off guard I guess I was just sitting here mighty malbousness getting ready to do the show
I heard Kenny say QM sports time is after the other one are you what are you talking about what are you what kind of drugs are you doing man that is scary sports time my ass
So parents try so that's the clearance thing I mean as if I have to wait I think it's been I think the only way we're going to solve this
The situation is to assassinate clearance and I wish when he wants to take that on oh you know me I'm a pacifist I don't get involved in this
Come on Josh there's only room for one Josh at QM we've got two more yeah there's like eight Josh is here
I have to go I have to go postal Josh chrome yeah, they said QM well he's a little crone son little chrome from WNW West
I could take you lots of the crone stories but then Josh chrome we get all of a sudden better not do it
I'm sorry go ahead Josh was a good guy so that this because his father's needed doesn't mean I'm saying he is a good guy probably
I mean look at chicken son anyway and who's the other Josh I think that's it you said there's a couple more well I like we like
We like this kind of well that means that you're stuck with the job now you've got to assassinate the program director
Oh here's a great story now maybe not kill him right off the bat if you want to get the message across listen to this story
middle plant let me a subliminal idea in your brain north fort Myers where else could things like this happen a north
Fort Myers man has been charged with aggravated battery he allegedly bit off the finger of a 76 year old man
Let's go bite him and you aval mar 35 was charged this week after you allegedly bit off an inch of the man's finger
According to news press aval mar was asked to leave the victims home last week but we turned in tempted to choke the man with a jacket
The victim's wife used a utility unit to cut away the jacket police reports said
Reports indicate the victim was trying to get aval mar off his wife when his finger was bitten
Aval mar was arrested on Saturday for trespassing released on Monday he was charged Tuesday with aggravated battery
Closing bodily harm or personal injury he's in the county jail. We'll come and bail you out by the way after you bite off
Clearance this finger we'll come and bail you out. I'll send a check down there all right Josh
Well how serious that's the only way it's obvious to me that Joe Bell just don't get it either either that or maybe Josh has got naked pictures as Joe Bell
Back during his limp days in and we had certain of no private problems. Yeah, the problem with his private but it wasn't there wasn't that
He had trouble peeing or something like that. I guess we can't talk about such things. You know we can't talk about much of anything
That's that's the amazing part. How the hell do we do it? You know what would all have by the way QM sports time is 10 13
The biggest name so best talent right is this real Roger. How many can you know?
Radio 560. You a
George this is Robert
I'm playing in out of town all the time on business whatever I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the Rogers
Being honest with you aesthetic very pathetic and
This guy is I mean if this is all you got in the sports talk radio it is horrible
So I definitely try to find somebody better that's for sure and his whole gd thing and everything else just on one day we'll all face the Lord
All right have a great deal
Jennifer you know there's been some rumors that Vince have been cheating I honestly I've got to tell you I can't see it well
You're gonna see it now because I've got photos here you go. Oh my god. Yeah, his tongue is so far down our throat
He can taste our G's right and here's a picture of him riding her like she was Steve biscuit. We are so over there. That's no big deal.
It's Jennifer. I got it confessed we photoshopped both of those pictures. What's none of it ever happened?
You never be allowed to talk to people.
Ten eighteen if that's our QM sports time. See I'm ready to be saying that now I'm not just not gonna have it
Well, we'll try to get in the habit. We don't want to be out on the limb. Okay. We don't want to be out of the ordinary. We want to be a part of this thing don't we?
No. No right now it's QA of bacon time. I'm ready head mine and I know thanks always thanks to our friends at how is and thanks to our buddies at the Jackson's for bringing all that ice cream and we
Need some offer George and John that by way speaking to Josh clearance if I was you I'd be real Josh told me during the break on the intercom
He said I'd be real careful next time I started my car of our clearance. I have those mirrors on the end of a stick you know the
You got underneath what yeah, I'm sick it. Democrats have taken an 11 point lead 44 to 33% over Republicans less than two weeks before the election
According to the very latest word or Zogby pull it's hot in my hand in the page too. That's what Mark Foley said
Like to have a hot page in this hand. Voter strongly favorite Democratic candidates over Republicans in November 7th. Oh, I
Speaking of that. How's that movie coming? What's the name for the game mean Creek?
Like mean Greek have they killed that kid yet?
I better and I turn it on. There's a lot of a lot of language. I forgot about that. Yeah lots and lots of language in there.
Yeah, like that. Voter strongly favorable. I'm gonna tell him to do another joycer during this next break
In fact, I might have to do it right now in the chair. That's usually me. I'll run into the bathroom. I don't understand what that's all about. Yeah, there's George
No, I don't think so. No, if I didn't superior, I understand what happened because I'm
Sway like you're like somebody we know
Voter strongly favorite Democratic candidates over Republicans in the November 7th congressional election harbor growing doubts
About the Iraq war in the country's future. What are says growing doubts? Well, they're a little bit slow
But they're finally catching on the pool also finds that about 50% of likely voters believe you as truth
And we pulled out of Iraq by the end of next year including 15% of favorite and immediate withdrawal like me and 20% of one out by the middle next year
Eleanor Clifft
Eleanor your swelter
Political analyst for Newsweek examines the political climate that give Democrats a print overall lead
She says the voters are repudiating one party government and she predicts the GOP will suffer major losses
Like stand major losses. Whatever happened to stand has he ever paid me back that money? No, just a joke stand relax
Well, the good news is Danny rolling his dad aren't you excited? I'm not excited. I'm glad you ought to be excited man
You ought to be having a party in your pants right rolling the man who murdered five University of Florida students and tons of Z
A Geensville and the panic in the summer of 1990 was executed last night the governor's office said rolling 52 died around 6.13
PM I guess 13 was an unlucky never for Danny too, huh?
See that Danny marino and by the way, I don't know about you, but I'm getting. Oh, I don't want to say it
Danny just go away. Don't go away. Matt. Just go away already. God. He's just everywhere
Rolling didn't give a last word just before he died instead. He sang a hymn in his hauntings of in draw
Rolling who had a pedicostle advisor minister to
Minister to him before his execution repeatedly saying none greater than the O Lord none greater than the oh, I would love to have heard that not
The song also made right. No, the reason I played that for us male, which is pretty obvious though
Yeah, he's looking for all sports radio
See anybody that's looking for all sports radio drop dead. That's my comment. Good life. Please. I have no life
As such as the back of your own all sports radio, you know
Even during the summer book with George O most of the time I'd say that with no disrespect
Don't take it. I bring your pardon. I said like I said Neil Rogers
George Rodriguez
We sit there with a 7.3 share in midday and around around us is
But God forbid that you know we should have something other about I am about those dolphins
Don't they really suck his nix. They were really an idiot. Yeah, and now what?
Why would anyone want to talk about the games? Aren't they about to gangstage? Yeah, and now what?
Why would anyone want to talk about anything else? That's right
If you have sports time is 1022
I just I still can't believe he said that you have told you know you have to do a better job
Just to get to him I've done my damnedest and I told you they were ding dong them to death tonight
They're ding dong on them
Well, where's your well with that ding dong? Where's Francis Hurrah which won't we need her from ding dong school?
The song also made a reference out of the new tester in book of Corinthians about seeing through a glass now darkly
Danny rolling was singing last night saw through a glass now darkly about 15 members of the victims families watched the execution some a stone faced
Some shaking their heads and some grimacing and rubbing their eyes
Some were rubbing their
The five victims students who had just arrived at uf after the summer break and were preparing for classes were mutilated and some of the women were
Sorry sexually assaulted rolling that after a final appeal of the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful
He played guilty in 1999 to the murders of a step in names. You know, you know
You know, and we really need to go through the names again
No
During the afternoon yesterday about 200 people gathered outside Florida state prison about even they divided between pro and anti death penalty advocates
Supporters of the death penalty among them friends of the victims began cheering and whistling when news that the execution of the quarterly time
reminds me of the John Wayne Gacy execution remember that
Mm-hmm, and he was so cocky that he right up until the end. He thought he was gonna get off the hook
He gave me off the hook for old times say can't do it perfect
Opponents of the death penalty stood in the circles and began singing amazing grace. Oh
God, it's just justice for the victims
It doesn't bring them back but at least they know he's gonna meet his maker
See just like that guy said on that voicemail. He's gonna have to meet his maker someday, you know
Marvin maker. He's still grabbing a Monticello. I bet
Said time you Wilson 34 who was to be the roommate of victims Sonya Larcenic Christie Powell. Oh, I love that
Wilson did not had a chance to move in yet before fellow students were saying who's singing that who is that Judy Collins
Judy Collins good Canadian girl ain't she? I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong about this better Google Judy Collins
See what a one-way talking about look after looked at up sure of course you
I don't know
But
Here we go the very best in Judy Collins profile
Well, here's the official ball man. She's old and ugly now wow
After she ever looked really good, but wow wow wow
She is nasty here's her big head
Both sides now know it baby do it, Judy
Where's the
Where's the beater?
Don't you hate that? Yes
I think if we did we compete you know, which you find out what what am I looking for? Where's your risk more?
Hurry up because we're running out of sports time. Oh
I got news for it man. That's what your problem is it's always sports time. We'll never run out of sports time
When you're in the experience
Zero world. It's always sports time. You never run out even at the end of time
It'll still be sports time and if you look at those numbers, I think we're getting close to the end of time
Oh, man, I think some people are getting close to the end of time
QAM sports time is 1026
It's just
It's just a me you know what it's like. It's like read a cosmic yeah
You know what I'm saying? It's it's in the same category
In fact if I were to think of one word for it's just stupid. That's it. Excellent job, Mo
What is it? Stupid right?
That's only here this thumb in it and boy when he pulled it out man. Whoof people running like crazy
Hey, you ought to run right over to loop back road Chevrolet right now because they got a fabulous thing going on this month
And we just got a few days left in October
We want to help them get to their goal. They want to for the first time their history
Sell a thousand cars in one month so they've got loop back road Chevys race to a thousand going on right now
At loop back road Chevrolet you'll find the largest selection new and use cars including those hot new Corvettes the ultimate
Not just the ultimate sports car the ultimate vehicle in the universe take it for me
I know I've been driving them for a long long time
They got your trucks SUVs the biggest selection of minivans anywhere around
They've also got used cars starting at just 3995 every one of them back by a car fax guarantee
And just like me you love car shopping at loop back road because there's no high pressure
They give you a fabulous service
Their sales people are friendly. They know their crap and their selection of vehicles and prices are unbeatable
Loop back roads out to sell a thousand cars this month and they're staying open till midnight every night to get to their goal
Like us here on the show. We got a thousand seventeen votes already holy cow
Forget the price make them an offer and they'll beat any deal make them off of the camera fusion
They probably won't more money for your trade zero percent financing
We based up to six grand whatever it takes to get to their goal
They're just pumping out them cars only a loop back road Chevy with two locations for either in pump and obi
A quarter mile west of i95 and a coconut creek on four forty one just south of the soil grass
Don't forget loop back roads stand open till midnight air reunite this month to get to that goal
So get your ass over for an unbeatable deal to loop back road chivalry or check them on their web at loop back road
It's vachage r-o-d-t loopback road dot com
The biggest name sub best talent
This is wheel roger sports radio five sixty
You a
Damn
Any colleges born in Seattle although she did record
Songs written by a Canadian well that's close enough see at close to a minute by the way two m sports time is centered
I know that the lord even loves neo-rodgers
You have been to have a meter that is clicking up the numbers one baby is born every seven seconds one person died every
15 seconds and every half minute an immigrant enters the country this counter will turn to 300 million
No people are you people is gonna be crowded
So many people traffic with a b-o-t
Wake up in the morning. We just want to drive into the car goes off and put some place
It's every one I saw a garden. It just won't be friends and made a whole bottle line
Side of the b-coding humans for years
The day
Or you want to peek your guts out but prisons have said that their daughter Chelsea was named after Judy Collins
recording of the song Chelsea Morris
I'm going to
On the couch right in front of us
Make sure to get a little bit of the good throwback. We want the old girls
Thank you
I was just
I can't
It seems that we producing it
Oh, she posed dude for something 1979 Judy Collins. Oh, what a grotesque thought that is
Yeah, I can't what magazine was that?
It's in the circle somewhere. I don't really give a crap about Judy Collins. Okay, or both sides now
Who's the folks? You know that I'm thinking I was Canadian?
I don't know man Marie
She ain't no folks singer. Okay, you pick it on poor man Marie again. Oh Christ Christ down a crutch
I'm sorry get that guy off set again. It's looking for a good state course about a female court station. Who female Canadian
Right? Uh-huh
Well, whatever
New Jersey's highest court opened the door yesterday to making the state the second in the nation without game marriage
ruling that lawmakers must offer homo essentials either marriage or something like it such as civil unions
Don't know it in a rule that fell short of what either side wanted or feared these states have been
The states of pain court declared four to three
That homosexual couples are entitled to the same rights as heterosexual ones
The justice has gave lawmakers 180 days to rewrite the laws
The ruling is similar to the 1999 high court ruling in Vermont that led that state to create civil unions
Which can for all the rights and benefits and tourists available to marry couples under state law
Although we cannot find that a fundamental rights to same sex marriage exist in this state
The unequal dispensation of rights and benefits to committed same sex partners can no longer be tolerated in the state constitution
Judge Verity Alben wrote for the four-member majority
I wonder if he's kin to mark Alben who drives it compound apart very Alben
The courts say the legislature must either amend the marriage statute to include same sex couples or create a parallel
statutory structure that gives ways all the privileges and obligations
Marie couples have and headaches and heartaches and hate the three dissenters are given that the majority didn't go far enough
They demanded full marriage for gays
How do you like that?
So that's what's going on in Jersey. Okay, in fact, maybe you'll go to garden state where the racetrack used to be
Sure, it's still sitting there. Well, I'm not really sure at all
That was a beautiful place. They were gonna make that into a casino one day garden state racetrack
I've been there. I've been in garden city too, which is also no longer there
I've ended a lot of racetracks that no longer exist after I leave. They just tear them right down
I lead just enough money behind so they can you know for all the destruction
expense oh speaking of Dan Marino
Won't we just speaking about him? Let's go by the way QM sports time is 1035
And we have a thousand 53 votes in a pool who being more fun if was a thousand 35
We have the right numbers, but they're none of the right odor. We got 1053
But at any rate
Football Hall of Famer Dan Marino is pictured yet again in the campaign flyer for state representative Susan Goldstein
I didn't even know he was Jewish even though he's asked at least twice that she stopped using his picture
Oh Danny boy. How does that mean no creek doing? It's a good movie. It's uh, you know
It's okay
Until they killed a kid and then they don't want to do about that chubby. He deserved to get killed
That's right. Oh, I know they're gonna say some four-letter word in every see you got to stop me from doing that
Don't do that. Okay
Anyway marinos camp was worked by a previous flyer because they felt an implied endorsement of the western Republican who faces Democrat David Martin
David Chyre for just a second. I started to John Mark Carr who faces Democrat Martin David Chyre and how's it?
District 97
Marinos representatives had Goldstein a formal notice to pull ads with the name or photo of the former dolphins quarterback cut the crap honey
Susan Goldstein is a Republican. Oh my god talk about sellout
Susan Susan. I've been thinking your political choices are really stinking
The two are both parents about to stick children marina work with Goldstein to pass a bill at mandate special
Certification for swim teachers for children with developmental disabilities the kids not the teachers
The bill allocated 535 grand of the Dan Marino Foundation instead of certification criteria and build a special pool
The new ad if I pull out today. There's nothing like those swimmers, you know
All these little kids. I guess I don't ask him. Mark Foley. He'll find out how old they are
The new ad a flyer sponsored by the Republican Party of Florida shows a photo of marina with Goldstein during passage of the bill
By the time the party received order marinos objections. It couldn't stop the mailing a spokesman said a spokesman
There's always a spokesman you ever notice that?
Look at that. It inches snow an hour falling in eastern Colorado. Look at that snow, baby
Our first bounce south into county south. Holy moly. What I tell you stay in hell out of Colorado. It's a horrendous place
The request from Dan Marino went to work campaign
But by the time it had gotten to us the most recent mailer
It already been sent out suggests that I'll see the party's communication director
Sonski stressed that no other materials were used marina's name were averaged added that Goldstein had nothing to do with a second
Mariner Goldstein said he didn't ask marina to endure sir because she knew he doesn't back candidates
But Goldstein said she's probably the work that she marina did and was trying to tell voters about the great job
They did it was new that she said the photo was published in the newspapers an official photo taken the house chamber
Goldstein said she's pulled the ads. I changed everything and moved on. She said
Well, you go as soon as you go far and
We re re examine your priorities. Okay honey. Republicans Susan Goldstein. I once had a girlfriend in elementary school
Her name was Susan Weinstein. Yeah, how that workout. Well, I mean didn't worry. I was a little kid
You know every little kid's got a girlfriend, you know in school. What was it?
Was it Joni Mitchell?
Joni Mitchell. All right. Very good. Now how'd you find that Eric and two factors? Very very good
Thank you very much. Joni Mitchell Judy comes and looking at the J just like you
You doing I don't know
Oh wait, I hate Joni Mitchell. I do too. I also hate Judy come. I don't hate Judy come. They just only bother with it
What size now is okay? Yeah, that's okay. I read both sides now in this school that you're playing right now. That's right. Don't you Mitchell me too?
What is that Joni Mitchell? I mean, what's what song is that help me? Oh?
She needs help growing herself and I okay kill it. Oh after finished with Clarence kill that we're gonna find big yellow taxi now
Yes, today Mark Halper and ABC political director and co-author of the new book The Way to Win
Went on the O'Reilly factor and agreed with Bill O'Reilly that members of the old media are too liberal
And should prove to conservatives that we understand their grievances. Oh my god
Oh my god
When O'Reilly pointed to the estimate he believed major news organizations including ABC had liberal bias Halper and repeated the right wing talking point
That the media is trying to suppress Republican turnout
He told O'Reilly if I were a conservative
I understand why it feels suspicious that I wasn't gonna get a fair break at the end of an election
We've got to make sure we do better so conservatives don't have to be concerned about that. He says oh my god
Mark Halper and another sell out you
Jesus Christ what is wrong with you man? Well, there's an Al Sharpen also
discouraging a lot of voters as I move around the country people are absolutely discouraged
You're saying things like I don't I'm here never has heard of this clergy word. Aren't you here now? No, I heard it never has heard of this
Discored you word more as I had sports sports time 1040
Yeah
Johnny Mitchell there's that song yellow big yellow taxi. I'm big yellow. Was that it? I'm looking for it. That was a
Hit I don't know on what chart that yeah, I'll be man. How about Mellow Yellow by Donovan? Oh don't ever play that
I like to stand you like Mellow Yellow by Donovan get out of here. You're just saying that to give me aggravated
We don't have anything in there. I thought we had a Donovan bit
Oh
Brother those were the days thank God it was then and not now although I'm thinking I'm looking at both sides now
We got a thousand seventy three votes. We might actually get to 1100 by the top of the star pretty dang close to it
Then what are they going to do across the street? They're probably going to light a your side candle. Oh
No
Yeah, you know label
Can't you see the old label was it epic records or something?
Oh
Oh, can he sing or what? I know that Donovan what was his name Donovan leech? Yes
Oh
What's going on every song every record that he made the all sound of the exact same you want to rewind because he was singing and he sucks
Oh get out of here go away Donovan don't come back
I remember digged out of him used to pick about picking the white song
I kind of a herky jirky a delivery
Sunshine Superman yeah, it's all with this sucks
Is only one thing wrong with that song you know what it is?
What's that he said?
Well maybe he was the fourth time is 1042 by by the Donovan. Okay. Nice knowing you don't I mean not it lost
In fact, maybe he'll look with junior Mitchell and Judy Collins
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz in Palm Pond because at Mercedes-Benz of Palm Pond
It doesn't matter what time of month you purchase your vehicle
It's always going to be the best deal anywhere whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans
The 2007 GL class the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Palm Pond you've got over 200 employees working their ass off to provide you with a comparable service
offering express the Louvre courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash too
Make an appointment through our business development center
You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles
Rouse Mercedes-Benz of Palm Pond was in direct spoke with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or you can also check them out in the web at
Pompato.com
B.E.N.Z
Benz Pompato.com
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Palm Pond
We'll call 1-800 new bans in EW B.E.N.Z
You'll find them at i95 and Copen's Road 1-800 new bans for Mercedes-Benz of Palm Pond
Gary Sarners says they're a Mercedes dealer like no other he'd be ever seen in his life
The biggest name so best talent to be this wheel Rogers
Force Radio 560
You A A
For all those dreams
There never happened
Ever get made and say oh
Model low
I have no life
Music stores now
Sure sports
Just a name so people say
No
I need an online
No
Not just anybody
No
No
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
Plane
Number
So
Come over the sack of donkey turrets. That's your president 1047 is QM sports time. We've got a
1585 votes like I said by the top of the R by the time little hand hits big Ben where it's gonna be 1100 votes. It's gonna be 11 at 11.
That is shocking man. People are screaming about it all around town.
Bye, man!
Guess what I just found. What did you just find? I don't even remember what the law was looking for but this David Citron guy who's obviously a
radio groupie and I'm sure he's not listening to us because he's I don't know. He's probably listening to old Randy Rhodes takes.
But anyway, he's got this thing David Citron South Florida radio history or some crack like that on the web.
Yeah, radio history of South Florida 1923 to present and there's a thing I just discovered on there Miami Broadcasting company WQAM Miami.
Do you know what year WQM went on a year?
1940 something. Oh, wait before that really? Guess again.
Oh 32.
Wait before that you got the right numbers but backward while 23. Very good. I know it was the first station in Florida.
It was America's southernmost broadcaster. How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Alice Brannigan writes WQM on the move. This is almost interesting. You know what?
How do I quibble sports time?
In January of 1923 the Department of Commerce issued a broadcasting license.
So I wish we still had it to the electrical equipment company 42 North West 4th Street in Miami.
The auto and radio sales sliced service company was owned by WWLUCE.
His new station WQM was authorized to operate with 250 watts on 833 kilohertz 833 on the dial.
WQM was the southernmost broadcasting station in the USA.
By the way, ask me how I did it wood buying yesterday. How'd you do? You run out.
All right.
For whatever reason within a few brief months WQM had cut its power back to 100 watts.
In those days the government was driving stations crazy by constantly organizing their frequency
assignments. This was the Department of Commerce's attempt in that attempt,
dealing with the rapidly expanding service to regulations governing broadcasting virtually
unexistent. By early 24, I remember that 1924. I wonder what the hell they were playing.
Does it say anything? I don't know. I don't know. We'll get to it.
By early 1924, it made me Rudy Valley records and Enrico Caruso scratchy old 78s.
By 1924 early the government relocated WQM to 1140 kilohertz but by July again ordered
moved to 1000. All I WCFL or two left were not right there in the middle of the dial to 1000.
By the end of 24 the station had been told the shift to 1120 only be sent back to 1140 in July 25.
But I assure you we're moving them around, you know what? By that time WQM was calling itself
the Pioneer Broadcast Station of Florida. All right. Stations were not universally pleased with
the newly mandated frequency reassignments during this period of no radio regulation. It was a
common practice for stations with no federal assignments and simply used their own favorite channels.
Okay, tomorrow we're going to be at the 600 by the way. In November 25, WQM reportedly jumped
to the unauthorized frequency of 1050. Oh, WMGM, WHN, WCHUM. Using 1000 watts,
there was still authorized for 1140 with 100 watts. WQM was still my only year-round broadcaster
because WYOD, WMBF shut down during the summertime. Wow, I've actually never knew that.
They shut down during the summertime. We did that during certain day parts this past summer.
In the spring of 27, the newly formed FCC assigned WQM to 930 killers,
permitting the station to operate with 750 watts. By November of 27, QM was shifted to 780 killers.
In late 28, QM was moved to 1240. By early 1929, the new licensee became the Miami Broadcasting
Company, NBC. They increased power to 1000 watts and moved the studio to Miami's postal building.
We went postal 327 Northeast First Avenue. The Western Electric Transmitter was relocated to
the 15th floor of the WIOD board building, 600 bis-game Boulevard. When each changes were completed,
WQM shifted its opposition to 560. 1929, I'm too excited about that. Thrilled. In January of 30,
by the way, QM sports time. In January of 32, QM's transmitter was moved to the top of the
Miami Daily News Building. In 1938, it was again moved to the waters edge of Bis-Gain Bay in 14th
Street, where a new 224 foot self-supporting, Blond Knox vertical was installed. The station
slogan became the voice of tropical America. I can just see Carmen Miranda now with all the
members of the McQuantabana on her head and all the other fruits. In 1941, WQM received a
permit to increase its daytime power to 5,000 watts. This was completed in November of 43,
with the addition of a continental 315B transmitter. In 1947, the new 380 foot tall,
Lehigh self-supported vertical radiating antenna tower was installed on a pierced inning out
into Bis-Gain Bay at 1425 Northeast Bay Shore, Corcoran South of the Venetian Cosways Miami
Terminus. Where is our tower? Is that worth stillness? Well, I guess if I keep reading, we'll find out.
I don't know where it is. You know where it is? No. Yonder. I think we ought to hang clearance
from our tower. That's your assignment, Jeff. I'll start planning. In fact, maybe we can use,
if there's any blood running through his scrawny veins. We can use it like a
what? Single booster. Oh, okay. A little amplifier. Right. In 1949, QM's students
moved to Sweet 1723, the Alfred I Duke pot building in downtown Miami. In 1956, the station was
sold to Todd Sturers mid-continent broadcasting, later become known as the Sturers Broadcasting
Company STORZ. The studio's offices were moved in 1962 to the Mezzanine floor of Miami's
McAllister hotel. A permit was also issued at either chains of transmitter site. In 1965,
the station's main studio was relocated to 767-41street, Miami Beach. Huh. The studio's remained
there until 85 when they were relocated in 1981 Sheridan Street in Hollywood. You don't want to
know about that. Oh, bro. In early 88th, the transmitter was moved to a new site near Miami and
commenced AM stereo operation. When the studio opened up. The old 5,000-mark condom transmitter
was put up for sale. WQM had been running a country music format, but in 1990, the station added
oldies and sports talk. The country music format was dropped, though was continued on the FM out
led WKAS in Boka, KISSIT, as Bubble would say, just KISSIT. The oldies music lasted till 93 when
the format was changed to all sports and the station became known as sports radio 560. Huh.
In mid-96, the station along with KISS became the property of the Sunshine Wireless Company,
as sports radio 560, QM operates a full-time on 565,000 watts day, a thousand watts night and
on directly from its studios in Hollywood. Right. It's still licensed to nearby Miami. What's the
data on this thing? We've got so many mistakes in it. In fact, at the end of it, it says a former
board opera QAIM advised me of an error in the above article, and if the Sunshine Wireless purchased
the station 85 and sold it to beasley broadcasting, the current owner in 96 lots of errors in this
article, Alice. I don't know if they're with Malice, but a lot of articles, Alice, mistakes.
Thanks to broadcasting profile for printing and writing us to excerpt information from their
lengthy report on QM, she says, BPF is a commercial research service that can provide highly detailed
historic reports on all USAMFM stations passed in prison. Yaudi-audi-audi-audi. A lot of mistakes in
here, including where the studios are located. Of course, who knows when this thing was written,
you know. It's got a data on it. Article from the June 97 issue of, well, yeah. We've been on the station
what? Going on. It's in nine years or ten years. It seems like a hundred. Oh, much too long.
That's for sure. Wait till we show up on it all men's station. I'm going to work for James
Crystal. Wouldn't that be something if you wanted to work in for Crystal? Yeah, that'd be something.
116 folks on the pool. Boy, I'm going to tell you, can't you smell it if there's something going on?
Well, I've been farting a lot. Oh my god. Boy, I can't believe I had a
cheek with banana. Another visit during that break. Two breaks here. That's something. I don't
know why because I was busy plunging my guts all day. Yes, they barely ate anything. Although I
did come to the last night make some of that low carb pasta. That was not a good idea. Probably not.
Don't be no pasta, even a low carb stuff before you go to bed because then they'll send your
blood sugar skyrocketing and then you'll have a massive stroke and bad stuff all I have
continued to crop. I don't want to crop yet. My goal in life is to outlive certain people. I don't
want to mention any names. You can imagine. No. Oh, yeah, you can. Well, ask me tomorrow before
the show outside. Okay. One in particular. I'm just there are no actually two in particular.
And when either or both of them croak, I'll be more than delighted to fly anywhere in the
continental US, even to Alaska. In fact, even to Hawaii, I'd love to go back there,
have been there a long time and dance a kazansky under grave.
So, don't go back to the re-case of champagne. These are the things you can take on a
place. What did she say during? She's with a chair gel and a
bomb and two things are clear for all of those that's on your face. You have back
sunburned but no solid pain. That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
Oh, I think just to show the world just to make a point, you know, because all sports things
started really frostar as, because it's not all sports
radio. 20 hours a day at sports and four hours we have ratings. Okay. So, I'm thinking
that what we ought to do is like prove a point. And that is this fall book, what we're going to,
we'll pay all these during the entire rating period. What do you think?
Oh, I don't understand.
We're wonderful. WQKL in Miami.
Get a 15-share easy.
You failed.
I'm trying to get you just got spend days.
And while I'm not going, that has been a win.
You know, if I have to see Michael Z Fox spasming around on that spot anymore, you know, I mean,
not I don't want to be insensitive, but I don't want to see that. Do you?
Not necessarily. He looks like he's got saved by this dance in his pants. I understand he's got
Parkinson's. He's doing a very good thing and I give him all the credits in a world and props
for pops and all this other crap. But the fact that it matters, I don't want to see it.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, it's unpleasant. It is unpleasant. Not as unpleasant as
it is. You know, actually, you know, I didn't play the airs Oscar. You knew I don't want to
aggravate you. Great. Thank you. I appreciate it. Actually, I played Thin Lizzy, the actual real
Thin Lizzy. Right. Now there's some other great hits on here too. I don't know what they are.
What? Thin Lizzy's greatest hits? Yeah, it is. The very best of Thin Lizzy. It's, let's see,
GL break. Can I hear some of that? Okay. That's enough. Yeah. Don't believe a word.
Waiting for an alibi. Rosalie Calderon song. Oh, it's live performance. Cool sweat.
Thunder-related. Out in the fields with Gary Moore. I wonder if Durber and Kirby knows about that.
Anyway, that's Thin Lizzy. Whatever happened to them. I guess they just
to abandon. What hit wonders, baby? Well, Sweikov is all the way to the hockey crowd.
What do you say? Oh, yeah. When the season starts, they play that in all the hockey. I know.
I know. That's exactly why I started playing. How about those panthers?
They eat the Rangers right there in the year or four to two last night. According to Clarence,
they're playing the Rangers again tonight. They're not. They're playing the Devils in Jersey at the
Metallands. There'll be about 15 people for that game. The Devils don't draw flies. They have a
very good team. They wouldn't stand a couple of. But nobody has any. I mean, if you were in Jersey,
would you have won a win? You know, have you ever been in Jersey? Do it. Oh, it just
agnized the plane. You know, they have been in Trenton. I told that story about WBUD in Trenton.
Did you? The Mad Professor hired me to be the program director. And I went out and I tried to
find a place and apartment, you know, and find one. By accident, I did find one. We're like,
one of those deals and like a room in somebody's house, some old lady, you know, it looks like a
scene from great expectations. By the way, what was wrong with Ethan Hawking, great
expectations? That was a pretty good flick. I like that. The fact Robert Teneiro was in there too.
Wasn't he didn't eat that in a subway? I don't know if I saw it. Get out of here. Now, what about
Mean Creek? I'm really very reluctant to put that on here. Oh, it's over with. Oh, no.
To say I missed that crappy ending. No, after it's kind of a fun movie, it's okay. You know,
when they're going to, they take that chubby, annoying kid who's hustling all the other kids in school
and they take them out there and they're going to do harm to them. They didn't intend to kill them,
to drown them, but they're coming to find out it can't swim. Mm-hmm. They drown it. And then
they bury his body and then we're waiting to find out what the fallout is in the movie ends.
Oh, we ran out of film. Yeah. Don't you think that must be the problem in a lot of these movies?
They just ran out of film. That's the impression you get. And they just can't afford to send
somebody out to buy any mold. You ran out of money. This is it. It makes me have to play
Paul Simon and Coda Crom. You know, I got that here somewhere. I know you do. So, what do you think
of my idea? Are you going to pay the bonus that we're not going to be getting? Not optional for some
of us. What are you talking about? The bonus money that we're not going to be getting. You think
we're not being number one playing oldies? No. You have so little confidence.
Although we would be playing better oldies than the other one did. The job being
probably come out in a summer show on magazine. You can't stop. You can't stop.
You can't laugh at a crap that the PV of the other is Bob Hamlin. He's trying to play a song and
you won't let the jingle end. Oh, okay. In other words, you want an oldies jingle? Yeah,
Oh, that's it. I thought they were going to say my idea or something. You're not playing
Coda Crom by Paul Simon or any more since you mentioned it. No, I do like this song.
What's not to like? Unless you're anti-Semitic. Not me.
So, how's that got fucking weird? Still has a big nose. Oh, wait a minute.
What the hell was that? That's on there. I didn't do that. Let's just on there. Oh, man,
are you sick of that? Yeah, remember that golden jacket? Why would that lot of those young cars?
Joy 107, remember that? Yeah. I remember Joy Martelli used to call Craig Whirling 15 times
the show. Oh, those are the days, man. Six, seven, nine, six, seven, nine, six, seven, nine,
W-I-O-D, my dude, my dude, my dude. Oh, dude, my dude, my dude, my dude. Here's the old jazz
crap for you. Mel for me is Rominus Gray for you. How's Aloe doing? How about it's zero?
I bet you're buying like his rubbing his brain or another sort of thing.
I got them. It's like a walling.
Remember I played this for Rick Shaw when he called our last time. The Wackert Team.
Everybody do with the WCTR clip.
I might as well turn the clock back and change QM sports time.
We got 1140 votes on the poll. There's your idiotic president. We have a responsibility.
Now we sure do to cut the crap. Humans are stripping nature at an unprecedented rate and will
need two planets worth of natural resources every year by 2050. I'm current trends. The WWF
Conservation Group said this week. Populations of many species from fish to mammals. Don't eat those
fish by the way to learn with mercury. It's like a trip through the universe, man, from mercury
to Uranus. From fish to mammals had fallen by about a third from 1970 to 2003, largely because
of human threats such as pollution, clearing a forest and overfishing, overfishing. For more
than 20 years, we've exceeded the Earth's ability to support a consumptive lifestyle that's
unsustainable and we can't afford to continue down this path. WWF Director General James Leap
said launching the WWF 2006 Living Planet report. If everyone around the world lived as those
people in America, we'd need five planets to support us. Leap said he's an American by the way
he said in Beijing. He's pandering with the Chinese. People in the lived as those people in America,
we'd need five planets to support us. Leap said he's an American by the way he said in Beijing. He's
an Arab Emirates replacing most rest for Capiton the planet, handed those in the US Finland and Canada
the report said. How do you like that? In the United Arab Emirates, the Schmachta heads.
Australia was also living way beyond its means, Crikey. The average austride, and he uses 6.6
global hectares to support the developed lifestyle ranking behind the US and Canada, but ahead of the
UK, Russia, China and Japan. Japan is a small country. Yeah, a lot of people. I don't understand
that. How long does a small country with, I don't know, some people? If the rest of the world
lead the kind of lifestyles we do here in Australia, we do queer. Three and a half planets to provide
the resources we use and absorb the waste at Greg Bourne, WWF Aussie Chief Executive Officer.
It's amazing that I guess everybody's got to make a living in over there. All these different
organizations and these think tanks and well, whatever the hell these are, the WWF austride,
a chief executive officer. As countries work to improve the well-being of their people,
they risk bypassing the goal of sustainability said. Leap, speaking in the energy efficient
building, it beading prestigious Ching-Wai university. I'm sorry. It's inevitable that this
disconnect will eventually limit the abilities of poor Coney. That's why I wonder why we haven't
such a big celebration about hitting 300 million the other day. What's the big stimulus with that?
I don't know. Celebrating that? And who the hell is he talking to the Chinese about? They got
a billion Chinese over there. They were for a long time, they're reproducing like rabbits,
like cockroaches, and now all of a sudden, well, if you have more than two children, you're going to
like slice your balls off or whatever they do. What do they do? They throw the kid in the river.
1150 on the dial. What is that? Let me 50. Is that camel wax? I don't know what they're doing.
Once you get past the tens, I get very confused. You know, 1130, I don't know what any of those are.
1040, I think, wasn't that KXC oil and water lily oil? 1030 was WBC in Boston. 1020 was KDK in
Pittsburgh. 1010 was WINS, winds 1010 New York, and also CFRB Toronto. 1050 was also double
was CHOMC HUM. That you didn't know that. Nope. You better start learning your Toronto radio stations,
mister. Ask me how many times I've turned the radio on since I've been here. How many times have you
turned the radio on? You know, I want a radio up there. Yeah, I got a radio in the other room.
I'm actually I did turn on a couple of times. And I think very long time ago, maybe like four
years ago during the Leaf playoffs, I wanted to hear it go bone during the game on the radio while
I was watching on TV. I mean, who the hell wants to watch old Bob Culley? You know, he's
Holly Wiener. Holly Wiener is, that's our poll. They 1150 votes. Fun, 491. Let's change our
crawl under SWFU N. Is it available? Huh? I doubt it. Why you think it's, I didn't mean to talk
about that the other day. Yeah, we did. See, Dominique Woller. Somebody's got him.
This golden gasser. How are we in this fun? 491 only for little kids 318, annoying 118,
stupid 77. Wait a minute. 56 as in Q 56. Didn't you find that like vaguely interesting that whole
history, even though it was like this, joy, it was a lot of mistakes. It was interesting. It was
boring. Wait a minute. 56. I hate this poll 37 3.2%. 37 now contents. They don't like anything we do.
Scrum. Witchcraft 33. That's what it is all about. Witches. It's about the, uh,
Witches on a broomstick. You know where they're going to stick them too, don't you? No.
And dangerous 26. It's a dangerous holiday, especially when you put that razor blade in the
athlete. The biggest name. It's a huge investment. It's a big business.
It's a little thorough at six. Unless you are a general for understand, then you can use this
and everything dry through window and all the rough whatever you need. Come to Africa.
Where the weather is hot and dry, the babies don't hardly cry. Probably because we give them
the camel milk which seems to quiet them. It's easy to get a baby in Africa unless you are an
average simple or move-assar or in your country how you say, decoy Jane. What if you are
a little piece of give-ins? The Baron of all your campus blood zone. It's no problem. Come to Africa.
Where some people question why we only give babies to famous people and that they will
allow us as to wait until the rise fall out. We said this to you. It's a business. Let's say
you are in a content. You would much rather have the business of middle been saved.
Brow from carning New Jersey. See? That's okay. Come to Africa. Play. Come to Africa.
Lance. Lance. Come to Africa. Jimmy. Come to Africa. Drummer of Ben Cutting Crew. We give you the
baby no question about that. But if you are famous, your life with the baby starts in Portugal.
And please no cutting your line or we shoot you. He said, be no message from the
inflam day. leaf superintendent. yellow universe.
Oh
oh
Everybody's doing my frame of dance now.
I'm all baby.
Yeah, we could do QM all these time is 1120.
There you go.
The QM sports time.
Anything would be.
But you know, we are biased.
Yeah.
You're just the anti-sports. That's what Volcanper said.
Uh-huh.
You're the evil-dure man. You're the anti-sports room in there.
You're brainwashing the Josh.
Anybody else who comes anywhere near there?
You can go on through that.
Remember this golden gasser?
There's Michael Dayfights.
I've never even counted my...
Wonderful.
That was you QAM.
Oh!
Here's my story inside the truth.
It's about a girl that I once knew.
Big girl for Christ.
You know, when you come right down to it, I did like their music,
but I haven't anybody think about Frankie Valley and keep his straight face.
You know, when you come right down to it, I don't know.
Kind of a silly guy.
Oh, there's Michael Dayfights on there again.
And he's like...
And I think he's really doing that or his rush right.
Oh, he's an actor, you know.
Maybe he popped a couple of oxies before he went on stage.
1171 votes on the pool, man.
We got, I don't know, the sky's the limit today.
I might even come in up with a number.
Whatever case of Ross or Oz, Doris Day would say.
We're not playing no Doris Day music.
Now you want to know what the best decade was for music?
Okay.
So you want to agree with me, but I'm going to tell you right now.
You're going to say the 70s, and I'm going to say the 60s.
I don't want to choose.
Oh, no.
Not Jimmy Gilmer in the fireball.
The auction should be short.
I'm crazy you wish I had beyond the tracks.
What's the idea yesterday made some cross to comment about Jane and Dean?
They couldn't sing the way out of a paper sack.
Something like that.
It's a little cut.
Two girls for every.
Oh, God.
Oh, I think it's the season when it ain't going to be all the good.
Oh, you can't say Woody.
You can say Woody Grayberg, but you sure as I can't say Woody.
You can say Woody Hayes.
Anyway, can we move along now?
Well, I think it's a great idea.
What do you say?
Let's give it a shot.
What do you say, Josh?
You're going to pay the bonus?
All right.
What do you mean if I'm going to pay the bonus?
I mean, it's not that much anyway, but I can't afford to be without it.
Maybe yours ain't that much.
Mine.
Yeah, we'll cover like several bad days in Woodbine.
Oh, God.
Here comes the bunny, and there goes your money, baby.
This keeps shoving it in that machine.
Just very sad.
Sad deal.
But you know something, it's only money.
And one thing you'll discover when you get to be an old part like me if you make it that long,
is that what difference does it make?
You know when you got a few bucks stashed away.
And of course, by the time you get to be this age, you'll be loaded with cash.
Once you sell those naked pictures of currency with a Billy Goat, or a phone with Lee.
That's gotta be it.
He's got to have naked pictures of somebody.
Oh, I know what I should play.
Go tell me, River Phoenix was Jewish, and he's dead.
Is that what you tell me?
I don't know.
You'll do it.
I'm a big fan.
I didn't know he was Jewish.
Well, his brother is what's his brother's name?
He's Phoenix.
When the night has come.
Don't you remember we looked up those Jews?
That's what I was all obsessed with James Franco, and I apologize again for that.
I just don't know what the hell I was thinking about.
It's your fault.
I'm sorry.
What's that movie, Fly Boys?
Correct.
Don't bother.
Is it out yet?
What do you mean by that?
You've seen it?
Theater.
Yeah, I saw it in the movies.
For some reason.
It was weak.
It was very typical for me, Leigh Egg, no surprises.
Holy moly, look at this.
Tip in Jersey says, I just got back from week in Jersey, New York, and Connecticut.
I lived in Teneflin, Anglewood, New Jersey, and 61 as a kid.
I've been in both places.
I roommate from Michigan State was from Teneflin, New Jersey.
Had never gone back until this trip, the area of this state is great and beautiful.
I was very surprised to see how little Teneflin has changed over 45 years, how little it's changed.
I said to the chorus of the types of people living there.
Many Asians and Indians, but that only makes for a more diverse community like Toronto.
It says, I don't know what the chips being sarcastic or what.
I think it's sarcastic.
No, he's not.
I think it's real.
What's wrong with Asians and Indians?
Oh, get out of here now.
This is sarcasm.
This is sarcasm.
It's dripping off the text.
Maybe that's that curious thing again.
You're picking on the people from Injurgen.
How many people from India do you know?
Three people.
I was at war line yesterday, man, and there was a group of Indian people.
I'm talking about Native Canadians or Americans.
I'm talking about Indian people from India, real Indians.
I don't know about four that were friends.
And it was one guy, like he was early 20s.
I'm going to tell you, I would have dropped that machine right there.
What I had lost yesterday, I would have been more than happy to shovel right into his pocket if he would have come over here for a couple of hours.
For about 20 minutes.
Wow.
I'm serious.
There's a lot of beautiful Indian people.
You just don't think about it.
I mean, there's a billion people there, so they got to be centered pretty hot.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
So anyway, I don't know what you're talking about, Chip.
Now, maybe Chip is being serious.
I don't know.
He's a Chip off the old block.
Or maybe a Chip off the old jock, who runs sports radio where a sports car is 26 past 11.
New Jersey is a horrendous place.
I mean, I'm not saying that 10-a-flyer angle wood are all that better.
They're like little bedroom sounds, you know?
But the only thing good about New Jersey is it's coast in New York if you like New York.
Oh.
That's a revampers, this golden.
Better not do that again, George.
The biggest name, so best talent.
You've only counted the Rochester.
And before a radio 560, you, A-M.
The biggest name, so that was a-
What was that?
The New Rochester sports radio 560.
I'm not saying that.
New York God.
Coming soon to a theater near you, the sequel to...
He took away that game of art.
He is...
In the blender.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
I'm tired of the hair.
The Indian in the blender.
We're hopping in the time machine.
Oh, you are.
What's coming on and going?
No.
Here's the golden, like the rum WQ A-M.
Right now.
Oh, my God.
Jimmy Clancy.
He's doing this in Goosie.
I guess I have to go to the person who's having this trouble.
And you, Goosie, I'm out of here.
Oh, and if that isn't good enough,
I'm mentally at this stage.
I'm Jean Chandler.
I'm not saying who I really liked a lot,
but I couldn't figure out which one of my liked the best.
And this is hardly one of the big hits,
but what I got right now.
I've been there.
I really got it.
John and Charlie have a lot of brothers.
I welcome both, and I can't figure out which one.
And they're old and crusty right now, I'm sure, and well used.
1198 votes, but if I refresh that again,
I bet that we got 1200 here on it.
It's 1132 QA-M sports time, by the way.
If you're wondering what that sports time is all about,
so are we.
We're beginning to wonder.
1199, where we're right on the precipice of greatness.
It's right on the edge.
Speaking of that, wait till you hear this.
British surgeons were yesterday,
given the final go ahead to perform the world's first full face transplant.
Are you going to start again with the face transplant people?
Are you back in that facial crap again?
No, the poor woman that got the face transplant you made.
I have a set of words.
I'm just reading the story.
I'm just hard-passing it along.
I'm passing it along.
I'm passing the face and passing it along the story.
The world's first full trace of a flat plant.
A radical procedure that's raised concerns about its physical and psychological risks.
The UK face transplantation team at the Royal Free Hospital in London received information for four transplants from the hospitals.
Research ethics committee.
We can now begin to evaluate patients and drop a short list of four people who want to go this procedure.
Said Peter Butler, the plastic and reconstruction surgeon, will head the team.
Now, if we can have a face and a body transplant, then I'm all for that.
I don't want to look like Luke Christie.
I don't want to sound like Luke Christie.
I don't want to...
How do I do like Luke Christie?
I don't want my heart to show.
That face.
Two faces have arrived.
We will continue to take the cautious and careful approach.
We will not be rushed.
There may be many more months before we're ready to carry out an operation.
They can start with the Royal Family since this is a great thing.
They can start on the old queen, not this old queen, but that one.
And Charles and Camilla too.
It's a big and a donkey face.
The ethics committee said it reached its decision to have to carefully reviewing a decade research results by Butler and his team.
Ground breaking research is always difficult.
There will always be doubters and detractors that end their way.
It's your executive of the hospital, but they ended up that many people with severe injuries desperately need help.
And the transplantation team at the hospital has got an international reputation.
A face transplant.
They give good face in Britain.
I didn't say good face, you know this.
I'm really...
I'm really...
And it's a trouble, wait.
Oh, that's...
God, it made in the shade.
I just dropped you a tiny note.
I'm really...
I'm really...
It's walking me away.
And the road to the low on the day.
I tell you who I liked a lot during that British invasion was the Nicarbockers.
And probably ought to be the QM theme song, at least when Greg Reed was listening to this.
What words did you say?
What the hell did I just say?
Oh, Nicarbockers.
Yeah.
How come that's not in here?
I thought that Liza was in here.
It's not in here?
We've got Laker Clim, which is grammatically incorrect.
I thought for sure Liza was in here by the name of...
Well, there he is.
I have it.
You got it.
Oh, I know what's in here.
He's been in a Greg.
Lyer, Lyer, pants on, prog.
Jordan was telling me yesterday that Greg is hanging around the building a lot.
Greg Reed and we're not too happy about it.
At least George said he wasn't too happy about it.
I couldn't sleep at all at night.
Maybe I'm burnin' right.
Anyhow, QM Sports time is 24 till noon.
We could just play all these in moldies all day for one or two years now.
I'm hanging there with Manford Man.
I'm making a pernied closure out there, John.
There she was,
That's enough.
Alright.
This is a story about one T-shirt that's caused two rows already.
The shirt has the phrase we will not be silent written both in English and in Arabic.
This may seem innocuous enough, but not in today's America where the very set of Arabic alarms some citizens,
as well as homeland security get all whipped up.
Oh my God.
Right.
On August 12th, Reed Gerard Rehid.
Rehid Gerard, who works for global exchange in Washington DC, was wearing a T-shirt as he was trying to board a jet-blue flight from J.O.C. to California.
While he was suffocating, eating some cheese and grapes and drinking some orange juice,
two men approached him and one flashed his badge to write on his blog,
riotinemiddle.blogspot.com, R-A-E-D.
They asked for his boarding pass and driver's license.
You think it's right in the middle?
People are feeling offended because of your T-shirts and one of the men whom Gerard identifies as Inspector Harris.
He asked me if I had any other T-shirts to put on, I told him I had checked in all of my bags, Gerard relates on the blog.
I asked him, why do you want me to take my T-shirt off?
Isn't it my Constitutional right to express myself in this way?
Do you have an order against Arabic T-shirts? Is there such a law against Arabic script?
Here's what Inspector Harris said according to Gerard.
You can wear a T-shirt with Arabic script and code of an airport.
It's like wearing a T-shirt that reads, I am a robber and going to a bank.
Oh, cracker, please.
How do you like that?
Harris asked Gerard to turn his shirt inside out, which he says he refused to do, then an employee from JetBlue offered to buy Gerard a T-shirt to put over the money he had on.
Not wanting to miss his flight Gerard eventually agreed.
He says he told the Inspector and JetBlue employee, I feel very sad that my personal freedom was taken away like this.
I grew up under authoritarian governments in the Middle East and one of the reasons I chose to move to the US was that I don't want an officer to make me change my freaking T-shirt.
I'll pursue this incident today through a Constitutional rights organization.
You go Gerard.
When he boarded the plane he says he wasn't allowed to sit in C3A, which was on his boarding pass in which he had chosen over the internet and said JetBlue moved him to the very back of the plane.
It sucks to be an Arab Muslim living in the US these days he says on his blog.
You're a suspected terrorist and a plane hijacker.
JetBlue for its part explains its side of the story.
Mr. Gerard was approached both by TSA and JetBlue personnel because they saw that customers near he had noticed his T-shirt and were confused or concerned about it, said supposed person Jenny Durvin.
In that situation our crew members have the responsibility to create a safe environment as well as safe travel.
If there's anything that upsets or confuses our customers our crew members have to address them at the same time they have to respect the rights of the individual and make sure that he's treated fairly and respectively.
I'm sure they mean respectfully but it says respectively.
JetBlue personnel approached Mr. Durvin to explain that customers were concerned or confused and asked if he could ease the confusion.
Paul a confusion baby.
At no time was he ever denied boarding.
See why do I even do that?
Because you're so impossible.
At no time was he ever denied boarding.
He didn't need me to put another T-shirt on which we purchased for him which we really appreciated.
Nevertheless, JetBlue says until Gerard's sorry we apologize to Mr. Gerard for any embarrassment or unnecessary attention.
Mr. May have caused Durvin said Gerard who could be reached by the progress that spoke to Amy Goodman October 23.
It sounds like the tentations to me.
It is balls of confusion.
Anyway he told Amy that he's taking legal steps to the ACA you and the American, the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.
He also reports he's received death threats on his bloggy quote from an actual guard member who served in Iraq.
If I run across you and my daily task I will kill you says the message.
Get the F out of my country if you don't like it here.
How do you like that?
Stephanie Schwartz goes to Hunter College in New York and she was also wearing a We Will Not Be Silent T-shirt October 9 when she was going on the Staten Island Ferry.
Ferry!
She told Amy Goodman that once she got on the ferry for Coast Guard officers positioned themselves in front of her when she was leaving one of them told her.
You better not wear that shirt on this ferry again she said adding that he asked.
You remember what happened on that jet blue flight? Schwartz says she answered that it's smack the racial profiling error.
It's smack like smack. When you are heard that the Coast Guard invoked his experience with jet blue he was taken aback.
He told Amy Goodman I'm very shocked to see how my incident my oppression at JFK is being used as a precedent to justify oppressing more people.
The Coast Guard gives a different account.
Coast Guard officers were approached by an employee of the ferry who had concerns about the shirt but the response to that employee was that they weren't going to take any actions as Commander Jeff Carter.
They had no intention of intervening she had every right to wear the shirt.
Concerned about our civil liberties Schwartz organized a protest that they sat in Island Ferry October 23.
You ferry.
Quite of the newspaper the Staten Island advanced a group of nearly a hundred anti-bore activists mostly wearing black t-shirts with legend we will not be silent boarded two evening ferry boats to exercise their right of free speech.
Your gallboys will be way behind you.
Not right behind you way behind you. Don't forget tomorrow's a good day to show up for work.
Ice cream and weaners from Jackson's in Dane Noa for George and Josh.
See there's another good reason for me not to be there.
That's right.
Because I do love Jackson's and that's a problem. I would eat like a hole and you know they serve those big concoctions you know.
Yes they do.
I was going to say I can eat a whole bucket full of their fantastic stuff and they're like there's wild Sundays that they make.
But I won't be there.
So you eat them extra for me.
I will.
I'm sure you will.
And then after that you can make some of the stones yourself like for real real life.
19 till noon is QM Sports time and the good news is it's down at Chris 30th birthday.
I just can't resist when it's a birthday you know.
Yeah I got the check.
I got a coffee.
This is coming soon.
It's right on the first.
You care right?
Got go.
Real service.
Real saving.
This is coming soon.
Happy birthday to our friends at the out of matches.
30th birthday.
Oh Susan Goldstein.
Proud Goldstein is not Jewish as a fact your husband is.
Oh and the same race who opponent Martin Kier's name.
So who cares about that?
Or somebody has some corrections that says here.
Well correct my ass.
I do like that.
Is that directions?
Mid-pickers.
The only thing worse than a mid-pickers a nose picker.
God go back and knit a sweater.
Susan Wines Dines.
Tina yeah.
Who cares.
Quick use of dammarine.
Oh is a likeness.
Okay Susan.
And she's not Jewish anyway.
So she's not a sellout.
She's just using his own likeness.
Dollar mattress is 30th birthday in the celebrate.
Dollar mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on best selling.
Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
You can choose from yourself for it is biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest with same day delivery.
If you're finally ready for a good night sleep not just tonight but like for years to come.
Do what I've been doing for a long time.
Called Dollar mattress or 1-800 mattress.
Just sit on your fat ass.
That's all you have to do.
Make that easy call to get factory direct prices.
Award winning service with no nonsense.
No BS.
No rip offs.
No off brands.
No games.
Dollar mattress gives you 12 month financing.
And when you call Dollar mattress they deliver when you want them to.
You pick the date and time for delivery any day seven days away from 8 a.m.
They'll 10 p.m.
And they show up even the very same day that you call.
In other words if you call right now you can be sleeping like a baby on a great Dollar mattress.
As soon as tonight.
That's why Dollar mattress continues to be ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
And why all of us at QAM use Dollar mattress.
On the web check them out at DollarMatrus.com or make that one easy call.
Just sit there on their fat ugly pimple ass and call 1-800 mattress.
1-800 MATTRES.
Leave off the last ass because it stands for sensational stupendous savings.
The biggest name of the best talent for the fastest wheel ride.
It goes up to 4.2560.
QAM.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Congress in my toilet gave me a goose on my side.
My son said he wanted to give me kisses to my son.
I told him he would take me out of that bottom.
He had a morally coveted man of honor.
He knew I was the kid but he could have hands and lips on my side.
You fell like he asked my opinion.
What I like is not.
He likes to bet eros.
He's a lot of a child.
And why he takes them little times in the side position.
Here comes junkies whooping wide.
I like to find young men to place it soft and smooth hands on my thigh.
My God.
All the chatroom dudes I once stuck like me with my thigh.
Oh, why was my lesson as a boy?
I'm a heavy drinker.
There's a plausible dry head.
A nighth thinker.
I knew I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my thigh.
Once again I hope to lay or say nay to a page whose hand is placed on my thigh.
I'm a heavy drinker.
I'm a heavy drinker.
I'm a heavy drinker.
I'm a heavy drinker.
Speak to us Gary.
Come on.
You can do it.
Open your mouth.
I'm a young person.
I was talking it up.
I wanted what I wanted to do is and then he answered.
See a club that was.
Like I said who's going to pay my bonus?
Ernie Mariska.
Here goes the data.
She's going to be on the right.
I feel she's going to be on the right.
Another one here wonder any Mariska?
Too much mascara on it.
Look at that.
One, two, three, four.
We got 1234 votes on the pool.
Can you believe that?
It's not even noon yet.
And we've topped the 1200 mark.
Not even noon yet.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
Of course it's a pretty easy pool.
I mean anybody doesn't have a opinion about Halloween.
It's some stuck shirt.
What's wrong with Halloween?
Of course some foreigner, like maybe from a radio.
Where we're not sure.
You don't think there's much of them celebrate Halloween?
I doubt it.
It's wedge craft.
I know she's still haven't played that heavy.
You know I don't have it.
I'm going to have to go find it.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
I've got a lot of stuff in here.
The Christians, the God Squad, the people that Christ is in there, the people that want to be outlawed,
that they've got anyone who dresses up, who is quite the trick of treating or gets paid at the door.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
I've got a lot of people who are going to be a trick and treating and how to weaning it up and all that other stuff.
Not really.
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Have you used to mobile phones made damage for Tillie?
Stick it down your shorts.
People use mobile phones without thinking twice what the consequences might be.
They said it's just like having a toothbrush, but mobile's could be having a devastating effect on fertility.
Thank God!
Stop making all these unwanted babies okay?
I mean, how many kids is Madonna going to adopt after all?
How many?
Yeah.
It still has to be true, but it could be having a huge impact because mobile's are so much part of our lives.
I bet you your Blackberry don't cause no one on these things.
I'm not the way I use it now.
He suggested radiation from mobile phones might harm sperm.
Why you have a Blackberry?
No, it's just a third.
Similar.
What does that mean?
It does other things besides being a phone.
Yeah, I'm also the smart one.
So, you know, with a similar?
Yes.
Does it give you internet access?
Yes.
Oh, email.
Internet access.
Okay, it's a good thing I lost that Blackberry.
This had best.
One of the luckiest things that ever happened in my life was losing the Blackberry.
It's a Skippeler Port name to name.
So that I had to get the brand new one, you know?
Right?
The old one was the original model.
And it was slower than a Model T4.
It was just pathetic.
Going online on that thing would be like trying to get a clear signal on this station.
Impossible.
Although we are in the stereo.
He suggested radiation from mobile phones might harm sperm by damaging DNA, affecting the cells in the testes, which produced testosterone or the tubes where sperm is produced.
Chew!
But a British expert can't stop and they suggested a link between mobile phone use and infertility of the man studied.
Dr. Alan Pacey, senior lecturer in Andrology at the University of Sheffield said, this is a good study, but I don't think it tackles the issue.
If you are using your phone for four hours a day, presumably it's out of your pocket for longer.
That raises a big question, how is it that testicular damage is supposed to occur?
Dr. Pacey was honorary secretary, that's a very good question.
I mean if you got it in your pocket, you know?
Right?
If you're the old pocket rocket.
Dr. Pacey was honorary secretary of the British fertility society, and if you're holding it up to your head to speak a lot, it makes no sense that it's having a direct effect on your testes.
Unless of course your testes are connected to your head.
Well, some cases.
Oh, okay.
The end of the people you use for longer might be more sedentary, more stressed to read, more junk food, which might be more likely explanation for the link found in the study.
More that junk food, more sit in your mouth on your arse.
But do that and quit making somebody unwanted babies for Christ's sake.
George, try and out loud.
Although I will say this when you eat that gallon of ice cream tomorrow from Jackson's, that will probably be helpful.
To do washing, you're up to about 700.
Oh yeah, to make me a...
I'm hopeful that you're getting it not me.
It's a damn good thing I'm out there because I can't resist.
You know me in ice cream.
On your screen, we screen.
How's that go?
We all screen Christ.
154 votes as we reach the top of the arse.
But this is scandalous.
That's more or less than they got midday across the street in six weeks.
You know what?
And don't forget speaking of that, speaking of across the street, QAM Sports Time is 1156.
The biggest name.
So that's...
All four scandalous people can't have a word of...
How about those three games?
QAM
Well, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Oh, right.
Look at who that is.
Everybody look at who that is.
No, they're not looking who that is.
That is the winner, he wins.
He's a racing winner.
Race around the limit start that is.
The race driver that never wins.
That is the winner, he wins.
Now she here all you kids.
They call them Mr. Wins.
Who won't they do not win a race?
In the rocket, he's the idiot.
Oh, where the hell is this?
You showed up by today.
Oh, how Mr. Wins, you win the race.
Oh, where the hell came in? It's a bit late.
Well, you're up yourself, so we're gonna play.
Well, get that on him.
How's that a day?
Oh, hey, it's gonna take that chance.
Not if you keep calling it last.
That why you don't go out with me.
You slow, you can't.
Where'd I be slow on the street?
But I show be fast on my feet.
They call you Mr. Wins.
They call you Mr. Wins.
They call you Mr. Wins.
We win the race.
And now we're out.
We're on the shield.
We're on the road.
Oh, my God.
Oh, right.
I've a traveling man.
Made a lot of stuff.
Was he still dead?
Over the world.
You're ending every thought out of my heart.
At least one lovely girl.
I'm dying on the air.
Oh, by the way, can you see there I see?
We shall die on the road.
Now, there's a very underrated group of hollies.
I don't know by whom, but I just think generally speaking.
If you talk about really good groups from that era,
who the hell would ever bring up the hollies?
I would.
Well, maybe you would, but that's another holly.
Because I love the holly too, but they're underrated.
You don't think they're underrated?
A lot of people don't talk about them yet.
I guess I understand.
I'm hiding the overrated.
Although I don't know by whom.
Why can't I handle it?
Gordon Lifford, I don't want to sue Canadians.
What now is that?
I changed the trolley to play the same damn song.
Oh, here it is.
Think that Robbie Benson.
He still Jewish, by the way.
Was it third and June another sleepy, drasky, stealthy day?
Shouldn't have been doing them things in that circus, then, Robbie.
I love that man.
Oh, no wonder Del Shannon killed himself.
Why?
Run away 67.
This would do it.
Oh my god.
Don't do it.
Oh, it's too.
Del Shannon, I'm talking down her story.
Oh.
I'm so strong.
I'll tell you what I still like, although I think he probably can't sing as well as a paper
sack.
Every now and then they appear somewhere like down there.
Boy, he was good.
He may have had the best voice of anybody, you know, even better than Jim Morrison, eating
better than Bobby Lewis.
You don't think?
No argument.
Asking a musical question was Jay Black.
I bet he was Jewish.
Most of them.
Parks of Mourjouj.
1267 votes on the pool.
Parks of Mour Black, like is here.
Heather Waka, who the hell is she?
What kind of a name is that?
Anyway, I know I'm butchered these names.
You know what?
I don't really care.
She's author of the Progressive's Handbook, Get the Facts and Make a Difference Now.
Okay?
This is from comment dreams.org, and that does not stand for orgasm, by the way.
However, it has scored almost $1.2 billion in revenue from contracts related to Iraq in the
third quarter of 2006, leading one analyst to comment Iraq was better than expected.
Overall, there's nothing really to question or be skeptical about.
I think the results are very good.
Very good, indeed, and estimated 655,000 debtor rackeys, over 3,000 debt coalition troops,
billion stolen from Rax coffers, a country battered by civil war, but Haliburton turned a
profits to the results are very good.
Very good, certainly, for Vice President Dick Taney, who resigned from Haliburton in 2000,
where they $33.7 million retirement package, not bad for roughly four years of work.
In a stunning conflict of interest, Taney still holds more than 400,000 stock options in the company.
Why pursue diplomacy when you can make an appersonal fortune for more?
The attorney isn't the only one who's benefited from the Bush administration's directive policies.
The Bush family is done quite nicely too.
Just a few examples.
Bush Sr., Bush 41, George Herbert Walker, Winnie George.
Bush's dad has strong connections to the Carlisle group, a massive private equity investment firm,
whose chairman emeritus is Frank Carlucci, former college roommate of Down Rumsfeld,
and former defense secretary under Ronald Reagan.
Imagine the poor Carlucci has with today's White House. He's pulling it.
But Carlucci has another secret weapon, Bush Sr.
I made conflict of interest allegations the elder Bush resigned from the Carlisle group in 2003,
but reportedly remains on retainer, opening doors to lucrative profits in the Middle East and elsewhere.
Bush's specialty, this is Bush Sr., is Saudi Arabia.
In fact, he was at a Carlisle investment conference with Osama Bin Laden's estranged brother,
Shafiq Bin Laden, one that I live into a tax took place.
Just a coincidence you understand?
Carlisle specializes in military and security investments,
and with Bush Jr.'s office, the company's profits have soared.
It received $677 million in contracts in 2002, that are whopping $2.1 billion in 2003.
Carlisle's investors currently enjoy an equity capital pool of over $44 billion.
In January 2006, Bush Sr. wrote China's Foreign Affairs Ministry that it will be beneficial
to the conference development of China or US relations if Beijing approved the sale of a Chinese bank
to a consortium which included Carlisle.
Blutely put, Bush Sr. has China to grant Carlisle lucrative business deal or risk his son's wrath for and policy at its finest.
William H. T. Bucky Bush, Georgia's Uncle Bucky joined the Board of Military Contractor,
Engineer and Support Systems, ESSI.
In 2001, and perhaps not surprisingly, the vital of the company's governmental contracts has strong reincrease
with Bush Jr.'s orifice.
Uncle Bucky earns monthly consulting fees as well as options to buy stock at favorable prices
and considering that ESSI stock tripled to weeks after 9.11, then settled into complete territory.
It's safe to say that Georgia's uncle is doing quite well.
In fact, Bucky cashed out an 8,438 stock options in January 2005, earning himself a cool 450 grand in the process.
As of last year, he's still owned options of 45,000 more shares of the company's stock at a cruise more each year.
War is very profitable for ESSI or as an executive explained, the increasing likelihood for a prolonged military involvement in Southwest Asia by US forces
well into 2006 created a fertile environment for the type of support product and services that we offer.
But, unless anyone conclude that Bucky is open doors for the company ESSI's vice president investor relations explained in 2005,
the fact his nephew in the White House has absolutely nothing to do with Mr. Bush being on our board or with our stock having gone up a thousand percent in the past five years.
Absolutely nothing at all.
Absolutely.
Neil Malen Bush.
Neil Rosewin from the 1980s is director of the Colorado based Silverado savings and loan.
After Silverado collapsed due to mismanagement and corruption, US taxpayers were stuck with a billion dollar bailout, yet Neil managed to escape the crisis with a small fine and OGL time.
It helps to have a dad as vice president.
In 1993, Neil joined Bush's senior in Kuwait to drum up business in the Middle East and today makes a profit by helping companies cash in on the occupation of Iraq.
For example, in late 2003 the financial times reported that Neil earned 60 grand a year through the Crest Investment Company, a private firm generating contracts in Iraq.
Crest was headed by Jamal Daniel, a longtime Bush family contact, who was also on the advisory board of new bridge strategies.
A company specifically set up with the aim of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities in the Middle East following the conclusion of the West-Ladworn Iraq.
In 2003, Neil's messy divorce proceedings revealed that he was to get two million dollars in stock options from a Chinese semiconductor firm, despite having limited education and business experience in that area, critics complained that the Chinese company was buying access to his brother, the president.
Neil later testified that on repeated business trips to Asia, he had sex with women who showed up at his hotel rooms, presumably prostitutes, hired by companies trying to career favor with the White House.
Neil's also profited a course from Georgia's disaster with no trial left behind educational policy. His company ignited partially owned by Bush Sr. and flooded by Crest Investment.
It has been awarded with lucrative federal contact to places, educational products and school liches across the country, including, of course, Florida and his good old brother, Fat Ashtag.
Marvin Pierce Bush, Marvin joined the Bush Sr. and Neil on their Middle East and Sales trip in 1993.
Then made a mint in the investment banking business, he's co-founder of Winston Partners, a private investment firm whose investments in military and security firms profit from Bush's so-called war on terror.
Having a sibling as president has helped Marvin in other ways too, he's on the board of ACC Insurance Holdings Incwards and insured parts of the World Trade Center, ACC benefited from 9-11 Insurance Bay Law legislation pushed through by Brother George.
Marvin was also on the board of Securricom, a company which provided electronic security for both Delas International Airport and the World Trade Center on 9-11.
Marvin stepped down in 2000, but how intriguing that Bush's brother was so well connected with the security of two critical locations on that painful day.
In short, the results are very good for the Bush dynasty, perhaps even better than expected thanks to George just into the Oval Office.
Dad's still setting up international deals, Uncle Buckley's cashing in on stock options, brothers Neil and Marvin are laughing all the way to the bank.
It's just the American people who paid the ultimate price.
We watch in that movie, you know, why don't we fight? Yeah, but we won't. At least they won. You think anybody's watched that movie?
Well, it's the one that Icon to cover. Remember, we like Icon? We do.
282 votes, boy, there is no telling. No stopping us now, man. We're rolling them. Even yesterday, today, you do understand it's the free trial of Howard online.
And if you click on that deal, I checked it out earlier. They make it. They can refuse. They let you. They will allow you now.
Seriously, let's just subscribe online. In other words, you don't have to go out and buy a radio. Why are you doing it?
I'm not doing ads for them. I'm being sarcastic. You getting something we don't know about. Yeah, I'm getting it just like for that pasta deal.
I'm getting it out of the table. I wish I was getting it on the table, yeah.
Yeah, I wish I was back in Berlin and getting it on the table, under the table, over the table. And like Johnny and Joe would say, over to Mountain and Cross the sea.
Did we just play that the other day? Yeah, I don't. I don't got it. You got it. You got it all. Or I'm working on it.
I still haven't figured out where to hand you that all that from, but you got it all. I've got you got one thing for a long time.
I should have played a jingle on this. Oh, no, I'd rather hear that than rain drops by decar.
Is that on Motown?
I don't know. Oh, come on. I have to look at my book. Yes.
It's in my book. It doesn't seem I mean it would have more times easier. Just see. I'm trying to.
Every time we play a little bit, I try to envision the leaves. I don't know why. Why do I do that? I don't know.
Old part. Old part. It's like, you know, like a connection to it.
Johnny and Joe. I'm chess. I thought it's on chess records. Give it off your chest. 12.30 is QAM Sports Time.
The biggest name of the best talents in the business. Leo Rogers. Sports Radio 560.
You can't sport radio that.
Florida Panthers hockey. Drop that.
I'm not a bad son of a dog.
I'm a bad son of a dog.
Florida Panthers. Seasaw. Against the New Jersey Devils. As the company that'll air like Serena,
the company starts at seven with Panthers 3.0. Treated by GM Lexus. Sports Radio 560.
QAM. Leo Rogers.
I'm glad I have.
Miami has the dolphins and here we go again.
There's another losing season that's never gone ahead. They never win. They never will.
When I will never know the whiteboard's illustrated victim.
So when the Super Bowl and there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I didn't do. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The same old story. Nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers. They really are quite lame. I knew it from the very start.
I watched a picture game and did you see the wimpy way? It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a fag in there.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I heard him. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. They're problem-sticker than white glue.
The dolphins lost a footballer and then he'd been a scene. It's only five years.
They pulled out a victory and then they played the Texans. It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point passway. That bumbling on-site kick in there. The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I don't know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Oh, and oh, Maureen needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the ball. They're running. Game is flat. That's for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that. They're always gone up low. A lead of that can be sure.
And when they leave the field so has a stench of common. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Give them another shot of blue.
The dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots. Another couple games lost in the field.
I think they're all retarded. It's almost like their first escape.
And Taylor and Zectomis. Which team is the worst? And they'll say Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Number one. What the hell? 32 Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're blue.
From 21 and they still do. Wait a year. This a representative Mark Foley action figure.
When once twice and was finally sold for three hundred fifteen dollars and one cent on ebay.
yesterday after 27 bids rented $350 and one cent an action figure I need some
action yeah sculptor David Johnson created the folder figurine as part of his
horse in the news series following the congressman scandal involving those young
pages in Washington DC he's a real page turner the inaugural figurine was
Paris Holton followed by Pamela Rogers the Tennessee teacher at
Central relations with a 13-year-old student I'm always looking for bad behavior
on the news to ridicule and clay Johnson based in Lafayette Prada Latotolis
the figurines proud owner is Jamie Johnker of Washington DC who built
the 3501 on eBay an action figure Mark Foley and actually it's got it shows
a picture of the figurine and he's got his arm out like kind of like
curled around like like maybe a page would be in that arm maybe there's
something missing in that figurine okay do you know what I mean or or not who
now knows Katrina vandal oh god almighty this is fantastic what I just found
what you're talking you'll have to wait and hear it all right I love to try
because the headline I'm Katrina's column here is he's still the one oh no are
you like it I like the fun what's the matter with you
coming in front?
ana
but all the respect is snack, I know how moreoa I like this line i a live
Anyway, Katrina Van Enfouville says he's still the one music fans know John Hall is leading
guitarist for Orleans and songwriter of hit singles like Still the One dancing in the
moonlight and dance with me. Activist Noam is the musician who organized no new concerts
and released the song Power and ode to alternative energy just three weeks before the three
mile island meltdown. His fellow citizens in upstate New York Noam is a member of the
Ulster County legislature and president of the Sovereignees Board of Education and now
looks like Americans might just soon know this great musician and congressman and good
man as congressman John Hall, the Democratic era.
Well, you started it.
Hall was poised to once he'd and have come at previous days thought to be invincible
represented Sue Kelly of the 19th district. According congressional quarterly Kelly to
60% of the vote two years ago is exceeded 60% every election since 98. That's why risk
averse inside the beltway Democrats initially lined up behind Judy Adelot, a lawyer
and one time Republican they felt would appeal to the electorate as a moderate but long time
active as tall believed he could take his message directly to the people and he did
to the people. He hired Amy Little, a 30 year veteran organizer on social justice issues
as campaign director. Little's career passed includes raising over 30 million dollars
for citizen action groups and labor coalitions across the country and serving as an
national field director for G or GO TV and voter registration in 2004. Since taking
the home of the hall campaign he's built a gusty and effective grassroots organization.
Hall has a simple yet powerful message that resonates with voters. He told the Ostrware
Report, the biggest issue these days are ending the war in Iraq achieving universal healthcare
with an affordable prescription drug plan and finding safe, clean and renewable solutions
to our energy needs and why he's running Hall says the situation in the nation in the
world is at such a crucial juncture and the stakes are so high right now there are no checks
and balances. I want to be a voice for creativity and honesty in solving our problems. I want
to be proud not just of our country but of our government he be saying the emphasis on
grassroots field operations produced terrific results on primary day the campaign had 400
people in the field and voting numbers were up 100% from the previous election. Hall
defeated a lot by nearly two to one margin and got 49% of the vote in a four way race.
The field team has not grown to 1200 people and it seems Hall who flew under the radar
for so long may turn out to be the perfect stealth candidate to one seat Kelly. How do
they like that? Sadly instead of celebrating Hall's ability to connect with the voters
not to mention his downward manner. Good ticket immigrants are still shying away from
off-sabrescent credentials. One side of that 85% of all fundraising comes from individuals
contributing $200 or less. I don't want to step on it. Good. Meanwhile Kelly is nothing
to endure herself to voters. Questions of a resident over her role in the fully scandal
which broke on her 70th birthday since she was the chair of the page board from 90
90 2001. She lost her cool at an editorial board meeting when it was brought up. She literally
ran away from reporters who wanted to talk to her and she defended the support of the
Bush administration odd nauseam while building a voting record voters will love if they
love Tom Delay. On Sunday the New York Times endorsed Hall as a lawmaker of energy steady
conviction and clear principles with an ambitious and coherent platform. He's also collected
endorsement of the Times Herald record which has endorsed Kelly in the past. This week
he announced the Sierra Club is backing and is heavily supported by labor. While Kelly
still has the typical big bucks of a Republican incumbent and no one should underestimate the
work that remains the human power supplied by unique coalition of labor and environmental
activists could prove to be the difference on election day. If so a lot of happy with
rest of the movie dancing in the moonlight come November 7th. See you must have been psychic
when you played that. When that creates on 13. I've read nine votes on the poll man I've
read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine
votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the
poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've
read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes
on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've
read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes
on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've
read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the
poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read
nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man I've read nine votes on the poll man it was a good thing about it folded the voter for the pollmbol
Okay, you know, is that what you don't like them?
Exactly, okay.
Oh, cool fit.
Are you picking on poor Murray's hopkin again?
I would never.
I would be surprised to see you hoppin' on Murray hopkin.
One of these things.
Maybe once upon a time.
Speak ill.
Okay, you want to pick on Murray, I'll get even with you now.
Oh, I give up.
I give up.
You sure?
You're losing an 18th of an ounce of sound.
Don't kill a bonus girl you can't do anything.
Don't make fun of me.
Oh, he put the hole in David's soul.
You know, I have a lot of Barry Madelow in here if you want to play that game.
No thanks.
I got a lot of Barry Manlow bits.
1322 votes on the poll today.
Pretty outstanding outwhelming.
Of course it's about Halloween.
Who don't like Halloween?
I said people don't like candy.
Right.
I voted for fun.
Now we talked about Mallow Cups.
Remember that show we did about the candy bars?
Yeah, I did.
The audience hated that.
I thought that was a lot of fun.
Yeah, I screwed them.
And I did a lot of work on that too.
I did all my research and I printed out any of these things.
I used to paint some paper about every candy bar.
In fact, I gave the information now, talking about giving free commercials.
Was it Brian, Tick-A-Nack, or somebody ordered a bunch of candy from there.
Was Stale and Crap, or what are remember that?
Yeah, I forget who.
One of our people, somebody actually we might like,
which we don't like much of anybody.
But Mallow Cups.
They're around.
Is that they are?
Sure.
You never seen him here, eh?
Well, that was really good.
There's like two and two to a package.
If I can say package.
Right.
And you've been in the center of it and it's got like a well.
Daniel Ellsberg writes about the next war.
A public in the dark about governments plans for war in Iran.
Ah, this is a long article.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
I'll just highlight it for you.
It's too long.
He says a hidden crisis is underway.
Many government insiders are aware of serious plans for war with Iran.
But Congress and the public remain largely in the dark.
The current situation is very like that of 64.
The year preceding our over open and indescalation of the Vietnam War.
And 2002, they were leading up to the US invasion of Iraq.
In both cases, if one or more conscientious insiders had closed the information gap with unauthorized disclosures to the public,
a disastrous war might have been averted entirely.
My own faded away in time.
To that effect in 64 was put it out to me by Wayne Morris 35 years ago, Royce Ellsberg.
More civil one of only two US senators to vote against the Tonkin Gulf Resolution of August 764.
He had believed correctly that President Johnson would treat the resolution as a congressional declaration of war.
His colleagues, however, accepted White House assurances that the President sought no wider war and had no attention to expanding hostilities without further consulting them.
They believed they were simply expressing bipartisan support for US air attacks on North Vietnam three days earlier,
which the President and Secretary of Defense McNamara had told them were in retaliation for the unequivocal, unprovoked attack by North Vietnamese torpedo boats on US destroyers on routine patrol and international waters.
Even though each of the assurances above have been a false, a conscious lie that they were lies that would only have been revealed to the public seven years later with the publication of the Pentagon papers,
several thousand pages of top secret documents on US decision making in Vietnam that I had released to the press.
The very first installment published by the Times on June 1371 had proven the official account of the Tonkin Gulf episode to be a deliberate deception,
when we met in September more suggestively mentioned to an audience that all the evidence of fraud have been in my own Pentagon safe at the time of the Tonkin Gulf vote.
My coincidence, I had started to work as a special assistant to an assistant secretary of defense of the Bay of the alleged attack, which had not in fact occurred at all.
After my talk, Morris would have been seen to remember the Center for Relations Committee in 64 said to me,
if you had given those documents to me at the time the Tonkin Gulf resolution would never have got out of committee,
and if it somehow had been brought up on the floor of the Senate for a vote it never would have passed.
He was telling me it seemed that it had been in my power seven years earlier to a birth of debts so far 50,000 Americans had millions of Vietnamese with many more to come.
It was not something I was eager to hear. After all, I had just been in debt and I'm what eventually were 12 federal felony accounts with a possible sentence of 115 years in prison for releasing the Pentagon papers to the public.
I had consciously accepted that prospect in some small hope of shortening the war, more so as saying that I had missed a real opportunity to prevent the world together.
My first reaction was that Morris had overestimated the significance of the Tonkin Gulf resolution, and therefore the alleged consequences of my not blocking in the roggers.
After all, I felt that Johnson would have found another occasion to get such a resolution passed, we're going to hit with that one even if someone had exposed the fraud in early August.
Years later though it hit me.
Eh! The thought hit me.
I wonder if I had told Congress and the public later in the fall of 64 the whole truth about what was coming, with all the documents that acquired my job by September, October or November.
Not just as more sense and guess the contents of a few files on the events surrounding the Tonkin incident, all that I had in early August,
but the drawer full of critical working papers, memos, estimates, and detailed escalation options revealing the evolving plans of the Johnson Administration for a wider war, expected to commence soon after, right after the election.
And sure, what if I had put out before the end of the year, whether before, after the November election, all the classified papers from that period, as I eventually did disclose in 1971?
And I done so, the public and Congress would have learned that Johnson's campaign theme, we seek no wider war, was a hoax.
They would have learned in fact that the Johnson Administration had been heading in secret toward essentially the same policy of expanded war that his presidential rival, Senator Barry Goldwater openly advocated, a policy that the voters overwhelmingly repudiate at the polls.
The run-up to the 1954 Gulf of Tonkin resolution was almost exactly parallel to the run-up of the 2002 Iraq War resolution in both cases.
The president of this top cabinet office has cautiously deceived Congress and the public about a supposed short run threat in order to justify win support for carrying out pre-existing offensive plans against the country that was not in near term danger to the U.S.
In both cases, the deception was essential for the political feasibility of the program precisely because expert opinions of the government foresaw costs, dangers, and low prospects of success that would have doomed the project politically if there had been truly informed public discussion beforehand.
And in both cases, the necessary deception for that was succeeded without the obedient silence of hundreds of insiders who knew full well both of the deception and the folly of acting upon it.
I think I am going to finish this, I'm just going to pause right there. Good what? Good what? You're going to finish it, any closure?
You need closure? Yes.
I'll play Murray Hopkins again.
Oh, I see.
If you don't have the RAM, there's worse.
What's wrong with Murray Hopkins? Nothing at all.
Can you have a stole of free trade?
One hit, wonder. That was on Apple Records, I believe.
Can you remember now? Can you actually see the label on the record? No.
1241 is QAM Sports Time. Let me tell you right now, speaking of sports cars, there's nothing like a Corvette.
Taking it from me, I've had about 6,000 of them over the last 20 years and I've bought virtually every one of them at Loopback Road, Chirba.
And that's where you ought to be shopping right now. They've got a fantastic selection of Corvettes and trucks and SUVs and many vans and great and used cars too.
Everyone of them backed by Carfax guarantee.
And don't forget, during this month of October, which has just a few days left to go, Loopback Road's running their race to 1,000 for the first time in its history.
They want to sell 1,000 cars in one month and as a result, they're staying open for you every night till midnight to get to that 1,000 number.
How many votes do we got on the poll? 1332. See, we got them beat.
Forget the price, make them an offer, they'll beat any deal, more money for your trade, 0% financing, we rate up to 6 grand, whatever it takes, they'll do it for you.
Only at Loopback Road, Chirba. Lay with two great locations for you. You'll find them in Pompo, Novich, quarter mile west of by 95.
And it co-cannot Creek on 441, just out of the Sawgrass Expressway. Don't forget, Loopback Road, Chirba, you stay open till midnight every night.
So get your ass over Loopback Road for unbeatable service, selection and of course salespeople will even know their stuff.
The best deal on the Chevy, you'll ever get in your life.
Or check them on the wicked web at loopbackroad.com, BACHRODT, loopbackroad.com.
The biggest name, the best talent for the business, Neil Rogers, 440560, you AM.
Now is that the one? That's the one, he'll never be sure.
The most beautiful one, Neil.
Perpura-sort tube?
Motherfreson is pushing George W Bush in a new console tour and now, the president is fighting BACBAMeremos and isn't Toronto.
Why, don't you just shout up and sing?
The commander in chief, Calder Punches, in a once in a lifetime stage,
extravaganza, barber-stressing, that's got a gigantic me hand,
absolutely. Don't know how James Rowland taps that.
From the way she letters her goals.
Dickets are going fast to see George W. Bush on stage,
dising the Democratic Diva Barbra Streisand.
Thank you very much. You're beautiful.
Good night.
Thank you.
So whatever happened, R.D. and Taylor, anyhow.
I don't know.
Why can't anybody else is on this one for your buddy,
your closest best personal friend? You know who he is?
No. Oh. Oh, and God would have fly the eyes.
He's here to some people. He's my best friend.
He'd be your buddy.
He's squeezing that David Cassidy of Blow Up Donor.
Everybody is excited.
I get back to our story here. Get him back to this Daniel Ellsburg column.
Please. The next war.
He says one insider where of the Iraq plans
and knowledgeable about the inevitably disastrous result
of executing these plans was Richard Clark, chief of counter-terrorism
for George W. Bush, and invited the three presidents before him.
He had spent 9-11-2001 in the White House coordinating
the nation's response to the attacks.
He reports in his memoir against all enemies,
discovering the next morning his amazement that most discussions
there were about attacking Iraq.
Clark's old Bush and Browns filled out a rash had nothing to do
with 9-11 with his perpetrator Al Qaeda,
as Clark said the secretary had to state coal and poll that afternoon,
having been attacked by Al Qaeda for us not to go bombing Iraq in response,
which Roomspil was already urging, would be like our
invading Mexico after the Japanese attack this at Pearl Harbor.
That's right, Hopper, with the Japanese not the Germans.
Actually, Clark foresaw that it would be much worse than that
attacking Iraq would not only be a crippling distraction
of the task of pursuing the real enemy,
but it wouldn't in fact aid that in me.
Nothing America could have done would have provided Al Qaeda
and its new generation of cloned groups,
a better recruitment device than our unprovoked invasion
of an oil-rich Arab country.
I single-eyed Clark by all accounts among the best of the public servants
only because of his unique rule and counterterrorism,
and because thanks to his illuminating 2004 memoir,
we know his thoughts at the time
and in particular the intensity of his anguish and frustration.
Such a memoir allows us to read each new revelation
and ask a simple question,
what difference might it have made to advance
if he had told us this at the time?
Clark was not, of course, the only one who could have told us
or told Congress we knew from other accounts
that both of his key judgments,
the absence of linkage between Al Qaeda and Sodom
and his correct prediction that the attacking Iraq
would actually make America less secure
and strengthen the broader racial, radical,
Islamic terrorist movement were shared by many professionals
in the CIA, the State Department, and the military.
Yet neither of these crucial expert conclusions
is made available to Congress or the public,
by Clark or anybody else,
and the 18 months run up to the war.
Even as they heard the president leave the country
to the opposite false impressions,
toward what these official saw as they disastrous,
unjustified war, they felt obliged to keep their silence.
Costly as this silence was to the country and their victims,
I feel I know their mindset.
I had long prized my own identity
as a keeper of the president's secrets.
In 1964, it never even occurred to me
to break the many secrecy agreements I had signed
in the Marines at the Rancorporation and the Pentagon.
Although I already knew the Vietnam War was a mistake
in based on lies, my royalties then
were to the Secretary of Defense and the president.
I'm not proud that it took me years of war
to awaken to the higher royalties owed
by every government official to the rule of law,
to our soldiers in the harm's way,
to our fellow citizens, and explicitly the Constitution,
which every one of us has sworn oath to support enough hold.
It took me that long to recognize
that the secrecy agreements we had signed
frequently conflicted with our oath to uphold the Constitution.
That conflict arose almost daily.
I noticed by me or other officials,
whenever we were secretly aware that the president
or other executive officers were lying
or misleading Congress.
In giving priority to my promise of secrecy,
ignoring my constitutional obligation,
I was no worse or better than any of my Vietnam-era colleagues
or those who later saw the Iraq war approaching
and failed or weren't anyone outside the executive branch.
Ironically, Cardco v. Vandidae 4 in 2004,
that in his own youth, he had ardently protested
the complete fall of the Vietnamese war
and that he wanted to get involved
in National Security in 73 as a career
so that Vietnam didn't happen again.
He is left today with a sense of failure.
It's an arrogant thing to think
that I've ever stopped another Vietnam,
but it's really filled me with frustration
that when I saw Iraq coming,
I wasn't able to do anything.
After having spent 30 years in national security
and having been some senior level of positions,
you think I might be able to have some influence,
some tiny influence, but I couldn't have any Clark said.
But it wasn't too arrogant.
I believe for Clark to aspire to stop this second Vietnam
personally, he actually had a good chance to do so
throughout 2002, the same chance Senator Morse
had pointed out to me.
Instead of writing a memoir to be cleared
from publication in 2004, a year after a racquet been invaded,
Clark could have made his knowledge of the war
to come in and change it to our security
publicly for the war.
He could have supported his testimony
with hundreds of files of documents
from his office, safe, and computer
to which he then still had access.
He could have given these to both the median
that then Democratic-controlled Senate.
If I criticized the president for the press's special
assistant in the summer 2002 Clark Trollary King
in March 2004, I would have been fired within an hour.
That is undoubtedly true, but that should be the last,
but should that be the last word on that course?
To be sure virtually, all bureaucrats would agree
with him as he told King that his only responsible options
at that point read that he resigned quietly
or to spin from the White House to the press as he did.
But that's just the working norm, I mean, to question here.
His perceived alternative I wish to suggest
was precisely the court being fired
for telling the truth of the public
would documentary evidence in the summer of 2002.
For doing that, Clark would not only have lost his job
as clearance and his career as an executive official,
it would almost surely have been prosecuted
might have gone to prison.
But the controversy that ensued
would not have been about hide and sight and blame,
it would have been about whether a war in Iraq
would make the US safer and whether it was otherwise justified.
That debate did not occur in 2002.
Just as a real debate about war and Vietnam didn't occur
in 2004 thanks to the discipline
or a re-resence of Clark and many others.
Whatever his personal fate which might have been severe,
his disclosures would have come before the war,
perhaps instead of it.
We face today a crisis similar to those of 64 in 2002.
A crisis hidden once again from the public
and most of Congress.
Articles by C-more Herschen of Israel
that is in both those earlier cases,
the president is secretly directed
the completion of not yet execution
of military operational plans,
not merely hypothetical contingency plans,
but constantly updated plans
with moving of forces in the high states of written is
for prompt implementation on command,
for a technic country that unless attacked itself
poses no threat to the US, in this case Iran.
According to these reports,
many high-level officers and government officials
are convinced that our president will attempt
to bring about regime change in Iran by air attack,
that he and his vice president have long been no less
committed secretly to doing so than they were about attacking Iraq.
And that a secretary of defense is as madly optimistic
about the prospects for a fast,
cheap military success there as he was in Iraq.
Even more ominously, Philip Girard,
a duality, a former CIA official reported
in the American conservative a year ago,
that vice president Cheney's office
has directed contingency planning
for a large scale aerosol on Iran,
employing both conventional and tactical nuclear weapons,
and that several senior air force officers
involved in the planning were appalled
at the implications of what they were doing,
that Iran is being set up for an unprovoked nuclear attack,
but that no one has prepared to damage his career
by posing any objection.
Several Herschen sources have confirmed
both the detailed operational planning
for use of nuclear weapons against deep underground
Iranian installations and military resistance
to this prospect, which led several senior officials
to consider resigning.
Hersch notes that opposition by the joint chiefs
in April to the White House,
led to the White House withdrawal of a nuclear option
for now, I would say.
The operational plans remain in existence
to be drawn upon for a decisive blow
if the president seems necessary.
Many of these sources regard the planned massive air attack
with or without nuclear weapons,
is almost sure to be catastrophic for the Middle East,
the position of the U.S. and the world,
our troops in Iraq, the world economy,
and U.S. domestic security.
Thus, there is deeply concerned about these prospects
as many other insiders were in the year before the Iraq invasion.
That's why unlike the lead up to be at Namor Iraq,
some insiders are leaking to reporters.
But since these disclosures,
so far without documents and without attribution,
have not evidently had enough credibility
raised public alarm, the question is whether
such officials have yet reached the limit
of the responsibilities to our country.
Assuming Herschen's so far anonymous sources mean
what they say, that this is as one puts it,
a juggernaut that has to be stopped,
I believe it's time for one or more of them
to go beyond fragmentary leaks on a company by documents.
That means doing what no other active official
or consultant has ever done in a timely way
would neither Richard Clark nor I nor anyone else
thought of doing until we were no longer officials,
no longer had access to current documents.
After bombs had fallen, thousands had died,
years into a war.
It means going outside executive channels
as officials with contemporary access
to expose the president's lies
and opposes war policy publicly before the war
with unequivocal evidence from inside.
Simply resigning in silence
doesn't meet moral or political responsibilities
of officials rightly appalled by the thrust
in secret policy.
I hope that one or more such persons
will make the sober decision accepting sacrifice
of clearance and career and risk of prison
to disclose comprehensive files that can be irrefutably
of official secret estimates of cost
and prospects and dangers of the military plans
being considered.
What needs disclosure is the full internal controversy,
the secret critiques as well as the Pentagon papers
of the Middle East.
But unlike in 1971, the ongoing secret debate
should be made available before our war
and the region expands to include Iran
before the 61-year-moratorium on nuclear wars ended violently
to give our democracy a chance to foreclose
either of these catastrophes.
The personal risk of doing this are very great.
If they're not as great as the risk of bodies
and lives of rastening daily,
of over 130,000 young Americans would many have to join
in an unjust war.
Our country has urgent need for comparable courage,
moral and civil courage from its public servants.
They orched the truth before the next war begins.
That's so damn right.
I'm sure glad I finished that.
And it's a good idea.
I had that idea.
1357 votes and I pulled about Halloween
and QAM sports time, by the way, is 1256.
The biggest name of the best talent
for the business wheel, Rochester,
4256, 4AM.
Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenal ride.
Once as I was sitting in a tavern,
having a few drafts, bears with some criss-cross.
When he didn't walk the group of most peculiar people,
I wasn't really sure if they were men.
I have never ever seen a faggot.
You fairy from where I come they are so very rare.
But what I saw, it made me want to kill them.
But I knew that it was in polite to stare.
Those are the gays, my friends.
They all were stacked like men.
They laughed with me together at the bottom.
They hold each others as much while their friends grabbed
their buttons of are the gays.
Oh yes, those are the gays.
Now I know it's really not my business.
No, I'm not really one who will hold a grudge.
But I can't believe they smoke each other's buttons.
And they hit down on all fours and packed the fudge.
Those are the gays, my friends.
They almost stand like men.
They laugh and sing the music together at the bottom.
They hold each others as much while their friends grab
their buttons of are the gays.
Oh yes, those are the gays.
Now I know it's my business.
You fair.
Now I know it's my business.
oh yeah
oh yeah
There's no adults in space
There's no real wonderful WQL in Miami
All right
Oh, now you're mine, come with me
You give me your love
So sweet
Oh, and guess who you mentioned before I can't believe I found this
That's Canadian girl, a guy, whatever she is, whatever
Oh, man, Murray
Man, Murray, he's got a whole bunch of kids, you know
Gotta save, man
Right
Any if it's snow in the middle of the cold and the breeze
The unmoverized light waiting for his cold to turn the breeze
And if that isn't good enough
Oh boy
It's Freddy Bumble and Cannon, man
And once he ever ugly or what?
Yes, he was a lot of poor, that's one of the only...
It's interesting when you see those infomercials which you don't watch
Josh watches them religiously
All the infomercials for the time-life series, you know?
Yeah, it's my favorite
No, it's not
And let me just tell you the bad news about that GT Express
I'm right told I was making my omelets in there and I was a little concerned about the fact that I thought it was the egg beaters that caused the stuff to stick there
So it was to be non-stick
And I went out and I cleaned that baby up and smeared a lot of oil on there and got some more real eggs again
And I made an omelette the other day with some real eggs on Tuesday
And it's still stuck like all over the mirror
So maybe the non-stick hooting wore on
Right, maybe don't last very long
Maybe even more less of them
I think you're pardoned? Oh great
Maybe that's why I hit like 85 visits to the strongest horned
But it's more non-stick? No, that's for sure
Sliders
1370, mostly we got 14 hybrid lick today
And we probably could have made 15 again for the second day of the row
But we don't want to set the bar too high
You know what I mean?
Because then if you set the bar too high
Like little people like George and Vern Troier can't get in drink
Yeah, I got the chair
Got a carpet, it's for the day
It's for the old shirt, you can't write
Got go, real service, real savings
Which part of the show?
1370 votes on the poll about Halloween
Well, put a pumpkin out in the front and light a candle, okay?
Clear channel communication speaking of clowns
The largest US radio broadcast
You were considering a possible sale of the company
Oh my god
And hard goldman Sachsen company is an advisor
The shares jumped yesterday 9.7%
The board is evaluating alternatives to increase the share price
And can assure that a transaction will occur
San Antonio based Clear Channel send a statement
The hiring of goldman Sachs brings the maze family
Which controls cheap channel
Close to the way possible leveraged by out
Oh, let's have the beesleaves by them
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
All right
Cheap executive officer Mark Mazes
Spot off the company's live entertainment unit, live nation ink
And sold shares of its author advertising unit
Clear Channel after holding zinc in an IPO
In their case it ought to be an IPO
The stock has been heard by slow growth in the radio industry
Clear Channel spokeswoman Lisa Dallanger declined to comment
On the release the company said the statement that
It won't comment anymore about the matter
Unless a specific transaction is approved by the board
Share the Clear Channel gained $3.15
To 35.30 extended trading
The shares rose yesterday following the CNBC report
That the maze family is warming to the idea of a leveraged buyout
They're warming to it
The company has had serious talks with Colbert, Cravish Roberts
And company about going private financial time is reported yesterday
Signing people familiar with the situation
The maze family previously rejected
Approaches from private equity investors financial time set
It's there would be nice if some religious sub-bunctions would buy this station and pay us all off
We'll see George with a big contract
And Josh? Oh my god, did you see the deal I made him?
Yeah, what a deal
Or not
1375 votes
I got news for a man if they if this station got sold
And they had it paid me off the next to two and a quarter years
Whatever it is I'd send you guys both
I don't know your best wishes
I'd send you my best wishes and
Eight bucks
That's right
Not each but like to divide between
1375 the votes are pouring in a Halloween
Hang a dead cat from your door on Halloween
Always good to keep the evil spirits up, isn't it?
Sure, and the witches too
Any witches come to your house Burnham? Burn the rags
They might be friends of mine
Well like I said, Ken Becker is a bright educated and progressive guy
Who normally scoffs at conspiracy theories
But the talent, Oregon resident, isn't scoffing at those who believe the truth
I said, wouldn't it be something if you lived in a town called talent?
They're a better talent
Funnier places than that
It's kind of a strange name
The talent, Oregon resident, isn't scoffing at those who believe the truth
I said to be told about the 9-11 attack on the world trade center in New York
And the Pentagon in Washington
Becker 52 is founder of 9-11 Truth Now
An independent grassroots group
Oh, the grassroots squad, I got him somewhere
Demanding an independent criminal investigation in 9-11
I'm open-minded but I'm also skeptical
I'm not a conspiracy theorist
Said the married father of two, I have a family
I have my own business, I'm an eagle scuff
Let's look for today with the grassroots
Right?
Oh yeah, I can aim that song in one note
I think of all of them
And talk it up without even being able to hear it
That's enough, how about this one
Midnight, very good
Yeah
Confessions, what's this one
I tell a thousand, I live a close maybe in a year-old and what is it?
Yeah, you got it, what is it called?
I'd wait a million years
Right? Right
Oh yeah
What is that?
Tentation eye
Okay, I've stood up for this crap
Okay, what are we amused with?
If they could be a sports radio
We can have QA music time
Take your sports time and shove it
And if you're wondering what I'm talking about this morning at 9.58 exactly
I'll never forget it as long as I don't have Kenny Walker
In closing out our morning Kenny and Vole Morning sports show said
QAM sports time is 9.58
And I sit here and nearly dropped another load on the chimney
That's why I had to go again
How could you have gone these 9 plus the years and not noticed that before?
I never, because coming from him see that
And if Matt was seated or hangs out
And I said it already, or Curtis
One of the sportsrooms, but when he said it
It like sealed the deal
Told they got to him
Oh they did
They must talk about Ding Dong school
That's the threat to cut off his ding dong
They done Ding Dongton
Ding Dong the swish is dead
Poor Kenny Walker man
I know he does the P8s at all for games
Am I right about that?
Yes you are
But I'm sure that when he was done with footy a while and 100 nobody ever could start
Oh well he's just another sports nerd Kenny Walker
Right? He's a broadcaster
He was a morning guy
Anyway I don't want to get into that when it's your fault
Vector 52 is founder of 911 Truth Now an independent
Grassroots group to Medigan
Independent criminal investigation in 911
He says 911 raised so many questions
They've never been answered by our government
I don't know what happened but we do need to find out
The group is sponsoring the Oregon premiere of 911
The Myth and the Reality documentary film
That will be shown this Saturday evening in the performing arts center at
Creator high school in central point Oregon
That's all real lot to Oregon
I've never been there
Never been in the great Northwest
Washington, Oregon you've been there right?
Beautiful beautiful area nice people beautiful people
And not far from Vancouver right?
Maybe the area we see where you can light up a big fat one
You can roll the newspaper up
Lush clean
Relative live shaking yeah
On Josh would like to Lush part
Featuring David Ray Griff and author and professor Meredith of philosophy
Religion and theology of Claremont School of theology in California
It raises 9 points this movie does
Which question the government's explanation of the incident
Following the screening Ken Jenkins the film's producer director will respond to questions from the audience
And it goes on about weighing in with what the you know
Pickets are 10 bucks you'll have to spend like 600 to go out there
During the film Griffin explains in detail why he doubts the Bush administration's explanations
That it was surprised by the attack
And why the hijacked airliners were not intercepted
He also questions how the steel frame buildings could have imploded the way they did
And the proof the attacks were carried out by Al Qaeda out of the direction of Osama bin Laden
He also doubts the story of the attack on the Pentagon
And the Bush administration claims that the pilot was an amateur and an al Qaeda hijacker
Moreover he doesn't agree with those who believe the nation's political and military leaders
Would have no motive for orchestrating the attacks
Film director Ken Jenkins, 509 of San Raquel, California has made several 9-11 films all of which question the official story of the attack
This was not a casual issue to take on he said in the telephone interview
At first we were called nuts crazy people said we were hated our country
Now why do you hate America?
It's felt early on that we were putting our lives online
We've been talking about it yet
These questions are now accepted by an increasing number of people
Were a long ways from total accepted but people are having their doubts now about the official explanation
Vector said the local group has got about a dozen people in its quarrel with roughly 150 on its email list
He said those who questioned the official 9-11 explanation can no longer be written off as so many conspiracy couges
Only 16% of Americans think the Bush administration is telling the truth about 9-11
Vector said, setting a recent New York Times CBS poll that's huge
That means that 84% think something else
There's also a growing disinchantment with mainstream media's exploration of the issues
We've always thought we lived in democracy and that news is news
He said noting them no longer feels that way
There's a whole lot of information our press doesn't cover he added so we're becoming our own media
Four-profit journalism has come with the expense of truth
Vector who's got a bachelor's degree in design and industry and operates his own import business
Wonders why there was such a delay in scrambling fighter jets to intercept the airliners
A point that griffin and others make as well
Who was responsible for that and what a hell was Spider-Man by the way?
Big deal
Have you seen those two movies we sure could have used him on 9-11?
Can we?
Damn it
Spider-Man
Who gave the order to stand down?
Something must have taken place for an event of this magnitude to be ignored
He says he wonders why no heads rolled if the military did react unusually slowly to a threat on the Pentagon
Which he notes would be one of the most heavily guarded facilities in the world
Human beings make mistakes he said I'm a father of business man. I'm alive. I make mistakes
It had nothing happened to those who make mistakes if it happened the way the administration explained
This is a big red flag to me he said
Vector who's birthday is September 11th also agrees with griffin there's no proven connection between al-Kaeda and 9-11
The facts don't support the evidence he said the administration explanation
For additional information see 9-11 truth now dot org
Got it right now?
I'll read it
I took a peek at it
There's your buddy Rumsfeld
He's governed their country here in Rumsfeld I rather hear what's your name?
What's a man?
Would you?
You probably got him on her now too
And Marie's and we've already passed over some divisions to the Iraqi military chain of command
But it's not just security it is it is as I've said the reconciliation process is going to have three or four major milestone
You might mention my name to rights master Gary
Yeah, hey man
QAM sports time, QAM music time is 114
The biggest name, the best talent to the best is Pio Ruggers
Forced radio 5-Second Solid AAM
I got your breasts are beautiful
I don't see a lot of people in the world
I don't see a lot of people in the world
I've never seen a lot of people in the world
I don't see a lot of people in the world
I know what I'm talking about
I've been waiting at the chando
I kept the elevator down
And on my way to the car when I pulled my food in the basket
I hear the three kind of things
But the noise of the back and pow
Oh, the noise of the back and pow
The noise of the back and pow
The noise of the back and pow
The noise of the back and pow
I said the boys are back at town. Why you move? Ah, my car along you sport old bulls.
I know everything that's going on with that rules. Why you even know all the new march on rules. I picked to the judge.
Daddy, oh, you guys are going back to the guy. It's a bad idea when I take you place. I know I ain't no way clearly me. But when they draft high boys, look, Jay.
You little smoothies, the birds, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird
the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird, the little bird!
I tell you again right now, it will get higher.
Alright guys, I have Allah back now!
I don't tell me He died to  pretty, because I love durchaus phone.
I think He did.
I think He did.
Get out of here!
Maybe talk about this on show that He made of talent.
You better book a Pet- embraced google your voice right now, we are going to google your
What's not on a pool at the trance sitting yesterday?
Trance they like to shop at the gas
He likes to go in the window and gate
in the zap app
Why do we you know I'll put you there?
I'll bring your partner. I said yeah, he's dead
I have vaguely remember even with my Alzheimer's kick in there
I've vaguely remembered Jean Pity done here and I wasn't that long ago. Wasn't it this year?
What is it?
Hey
Why if you just go with it? How can you not know?
I don't know. I don't know.
I'll have to click on the story.
No, not. I'm looking.
Jesus Christ.
Of course our connection here is so totally.
I know he died in a hotel. That's all I know right now.
He died in a hotel.
4-5-0 to be safe.
I told you it was not that long ago. That's why it's so you know
Like did that really happen? I sure as a hope not because
Only love can break up a heart.
Only joy can break up.
Can you count?
But anyway up until maybe just 5 minutes ago my whole life I never realized
I guess I saw it once before.
But I always thought that maybe that song was pretty woman didn't you?
It's similar.
It's oh pretty woman.
That's right.
Do you know that?
I did. Now that you reminded me. It's pretty woman.
I don't know why because you doesn't say oh pretty woman
And when it starts to stop I guess eventually gets your mind and says oh and once in a while
I don't know what that is.
Although if it's 3 it's fox all day woman.
Sing down the street.
3-1-1.
What's that?
It's pretty woman.
By Van Halen.
Oh by Van Halen.
Oh my god. I was that one called pretty woman?
Yeah. Oh that's called oh pretty woman.
Oh!
14 I've written 3 votes so let's have another oh come on.
Oh!
Halloween is fun.
Yeah it's fun if you want to have fun.
If you're writing if you're just a hard artist.
Get drunk. Get some candy.
That's exactly right. That's exactly right.
You need to watch your free crap. Maybe get like a you know a pin stuck in your throat.
Halloween is fun 5 97 only for little kids 387.
Annoying 143.
How about another excuse to get drunk?
I'm not seeing put that on there but it's not.
I was thinking of you.
It's all part of fun.
Waking up in the morning. That's another excuse to get drunk for a job.
At least sometime during the day.
Hopefully not before one.
Annoying 143.
What's Annoying if you're one of those people that hates those little kids going around.
Pick a tree!
I can eye you door you know.
Just shut down all the lights.
Go into the back room.
Turn the TV sound way way down.
That's right.
Don't put out no jack-o lantern.
Keep the lights shut off.
Go in the bedroom and lock the door.
Hopefully with somebody else.
Stupid 98. A waste of time 63.
I hate this pull 46.
Only 3.2%.
Hate this pull.
And of course it's timely.
And what about circus?
What about our annual circus pull?
You never did find out when circus.
See the reason you wouldn't know.
I'll tell you which crap 41 dangerous 29.
Which crap. I'm surprised they didn't get much higher.
Let's see. S U C C O T.
See it's always with a TH on the end.
Right. Sukoth.
Yeah. Sukoth.
What could be the most interesting little circus.
Sukoth. But when is it?
Oh man it's bad. When the hell is it?
I don't know. I'm going to the interactive Jewish calendar.
Oh that's bad.
The Egyptian plays Sukoth near the start of the Israeli-Israeli Exodus from Egypt.
It's enough to monitor what he's making and play the Israelites by Desmond Decker.
Remember that? No.
You don't remember the Israelites?
We played it for Krenelah. We've got a chicken ex-song on that.
What is wrong with that? I don't have the original love.
I'm telling you Moses must have wisest men.
Ha! Why do you owe my sugarna?
Anyway, have you found circus yet or not?
S U C C O T H. Sukoth.
The Arab... Sukoth?
The Arab Sukoth.
The Arab Sukoth would be the...
Right after. 6.
Oh it's already gone.
Oh my goodness. What are you supposed to do on Sukoth?
Anyway, eat a bunch of crap.
I'm sure I did. I can't remember that.
It's like 20 days ago.
Knowing us, we all eat a bunch of crap on that.
No matter what the whole day it was, right?
Because when you're big and fat and old, you eat a lot of crap.
That's how you got that way. That's how you stay that way.
If he acts me.
26 past 1 QA of music time.
I can't believe you've put these days.
I think you guys made that up.
He died in a hotel.
Probably a broken down hotel too.
Kind of like a flusy place.
A flea bag hotel.
Flea bag hotel. Roaches.
Flop house.
We're here in the Springs Creek and in the bed next door.
And some Yahoo's are in there just screwing their brains out.
Oh God.
27 past 1 at 5.60 WQA.
That's our sports time.
And it's dial am actresses 30th birthday.
I bet you don't have the balls to dare me to play that virtual air thing.
I double dog there.
Got a cut.
Thanks for having thanks.
Thanks for my own birth.
You can, right?
Got go. Real service.
Real saving.
And to celebrate their 30th birthday, dial am actresses and Simmons are offering three lowest price of the year.
On the best selling Simmons beauty rest pills up.
You know, the Vern Troyer spot.
Maybe they're certain TV spots that you can't get out of your mind that they would do forever.
That one may be the most influential in my life.
I just can't just can't stop thinking about it.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Anyway, you can choose a dial am actress from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest right now with same-day delivery.
And if you're finally ready for a good night's sleep like most of us have been doing for years, do the smart thing this time.
Call dial am actress at 1-800-MATRICE for a factory direct unbeatable prices.
And award-winning service with no nonsense, no BS.
Dial am actress has 12 months financing for you.
And when you do business with dial am actress, they let you pick the date and time for delivery.
And they actually show up.
And the day's seven days a week from even the AM, they'll tend to be in.
You pick the two are window and they jump right through it.
Even the very same day that you call if you want.
So if you call right now, you can be sleeping in real comfort as soon as tonight.
That's why dial am actress is right number one in customer satisfaction.
And why all of us here at Q&A with the brain use dial am actress.
Check them out on the web at dial am actress.com or just sit there reach for your instrument and your phone and pick it up and call 1-800-MATRICE.
1-800-MATRICE, leave off the license because it stands for sensational STU-Pindus Savings.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business, Neil Rogers, 4-205-60-18.
You've been a lot of baby.
You're Rogers, our sports hall radio WQA.
This week on ABC.
Once we drag you on the dance floor, you were like a disco machine.
From the creators of Dancing with the Stars.
A micemapechata and a suffielding gentle curve of your partner's glass.
Sarah Evans and her husband, Starin.
I once could have naked dance for her.
Cheating on the Stars.
Do you have any clue that he was cheating on you?
Now he don't, you're out there with women.
High-boggling, there he is. No cheating on the Stars.
My shrink couldn't make our appointment.
He found his third wife and that was his second wife.
And got to the breastfeed down in an entire bottle of school immunosprosac.
The sick dates.
Golden.
You're fairly.
Oh my God.
That could be the best song in history.
Let's do that one again.
Let's take that pull.
What's the greatest song in history?
And it'll always be, you know, spiraled.
What is it?
Starin.
Is it a spiral staircase to heaven?
Oh, yeah.
Wait a minute.
It's a foul man.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
It's a foul man.
Did you actually have to call him to say the other day that you liked the Beatles recording
of Please Miss Impost Man, which got me very upset.
And I started peeing all over the carpet near.
I don't mind it.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
All the Motown stuff that they stole money.
They stole Barrett's strong money.
And they wouldn't even give it back.
Good thing Michael Jackson's scooted up Paul McCartney, you know, on that whole deal.
With the Beatles library.
That's not a good thing.
Come on.
And like I said, it's a bad thing that Paul McCartney is that stupid.
And what I said yesterday was dead.
It's not going to kill.
And I actually have been to the carpet.
It's going to be a song.
I'm getting a new album.
You're pretty.
You don't like the carpeters take on it?
Sure.
I got it somewhere.
I think I'm going to whip it out.
No.
When it got, I'm not going to whip it out.
There you go.
Boy, you are fast today, man.
He's right.
Stop him.
This man is dangerous.
I'm scared of you.
I'm scared of you.
I'm scared of you.
It's a bum-a-b bum.
In fact, this could be a beginning of a whole new format.
I mean, we've done this before.
And diddled around with something.
Bits of songs.
Not another exacto.
Yeah.
It's like the Kibbles and Bits.
Sure.
Presents the Q-Way-M-Bits of Music.
Yeah.
You're going to song a little play-a-bit.
Like that.
And if you can name that tune in the two notes or less,
we'll give you like a sports clock.
You can always know what...
Yeah, always know what sports time is.
You said clock, right?
I don't think they have a sports watch.
I'm sure there's such things as a sports watch.
Like the one you take to the track, or what happens in here all day long.
They're watching it all day.
William Grider writes about the end game in Iraq in the nation.
He's good.
He says the facts are so stark.
Even American military commanders and I was speaking openly about an approaching
climax for our bloody misadventure in Iraq.
The standard fall in Baghdad, the New York Times headline declared this morning.
A showdown is here that generals acknowledge there are no more back-up strategies.
Learned policy experts from all sides in out debating the various alternatives for an exit plan.
Preferably with honor they hope.
But getting out is becoming unavoidable regardless.
They never said stay the course today.
No.
They would like to do some sort of a fig leave that gives cover to our failed warrior president.
Not that it deserves one, but they want a plan that will encourage Bush finally to accept reality.
Who is being left out of this momentous discussion?
The Iraqi people whom we are allegedly were teaching how to become small,
the Democrats.
Bush will endlessly tout in democracies as true goal.
He said that the three Iraqi elections is proof that he was succeeding.
So let's have one more election in Iraq.
You'll refer anywhere the Iraqi people get to decide where their America's armed forces with draw and win.
This ingenious proposal comes from Harold Davis and attorney Douglas Massachusetts,
whose letter of the editor appeared in Saturday's Boston Globe and spelled out the logic.
Let's put our Iraq withdrawal to a vote and a Iraqi vote they was declared.
His proposition is sincere but also cleverly hoist Bush on his own bloated rhetoric.
If the principles hold true Davis said, shouldn't the Iraqi people hold the fate of the country in their hands?
He's got the whole world.
Remember who did that?
I don't know.
In his hands was on Capitol Records.
I don't know.
Get out of here.
Johnny Mathis, my ass.
I bet he would.
Jesus.
Signing.
Davis.
Johnny, don't allow me, Davis.
Johnny, Davis, does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bed post overnight?
He's got the whole, who did that?
Can I interrupt my reading there for a second?
Well, that isn't it.
What was that?
Whole wide world.
No, it's not, it's called, he's got.
I know.
He got it.
He don't got that.
He's, well, I got it.
I got it in my book here somewhere.
I got this.
Better.
Okay.
Here we go.
I got it.
Yeah.
I'm saying like you said, it's a joke.
But I've got an inch.
And I want y'all to say hello.
Say hello.
Glory London.
Never heard of it.
He's got the whole world.
Oh, I mean, ever this song.
He's there.
I just, I don't have it.
I guess I got to go get it.
What do you mean he never heard it?
Never heard of her.
Lori.
It's not her.
I think it is.
Is it a girl?
Lori London?
I don't know.
Sometimes it would be.
But you can't tell.
Can I get back to this again?
Okay.
The proposition from this Harold Davis attorney, Massachusetts, is
an insier but also a cleverly hoist bush on his own voted rhetoric.
If the principles hold true, Davis said shouldn't the Iraqi people hold
a failure their country in their hands is let it provide a sample
awarding for the ballot initiative.
Voters in Iraq would be asked to choose one of the following three
options.
One, I asked that all coalition forces be withdrawn within six months
of the day of this referendum.
Two, I asked that all coalition forces be withdrawn within one year
of the day of this referendum.
And in more three, I asked that the government of Iraq
determine sometime in the future when all coalition forces should
be withdrawn.
That sounds reasonable enough.
A recent poll suggests Iraqis that they could get to the polls without
being killed would hope her immediate U.S. withdrawal, immediate.
Will the dwindling ranks of more enthusiasts than Washington rally around
Harold Davis' call for Iraqi self-determination?
Or does the White House feel that a free election on more in peace
would be pushing this democracy talk a bit too far?
We can't touch out all the money machine over there, man.
The election is a big money machine for Haliburton and
Bechtel and all the Arab friends.
Remember in the Michael Moore movie and they talked about all that money
it's going to be rolling in?
Yeah.
Remember that?
That's right.
That's correct.
Especially bad for those dead and the figured and dismembered people.
We could easily made 1500 again to that.
That could be a regular thing on the show.
Let's play.
Being the worst that he was and getting all with him about that ice cream
that's coming from Jackson's tomorrow.
Josh just forgot about it.
Plus he had to spend a lot of time there googling stuff.
Like Jackson's Thiefa.
Exactly.
Like poor Jean Pitney.
Oh, Jean Pitney.
And even him.
Like poor Martha from Martha in the Van Dellis.
He's a homely looking guy.
Who's the homely looking fellow?
Jean Pitney.
Oh, he was not.
He's probably going to look good right now.
He looks like a Mark Foley to me.
Looks like a Mark Foley.
What kind of a comment is that?
What do that mean?
Oh, and guess what I found.
I've been looking for this and looking for it.
And almost wasted like 12 or 13 or 15 bucks
when I'm buttering up a coffee because I'm so enchanted and enamored with it.
Oh, brother.
In fact, this one deserves its own jingle.
Okay?
We have time for this. Probably not.
I don't care.
I like that the gastro one that I found.
That was outrageous.
That was George's doing, by the way.
Thank you.
Thank you for making it.
Here it is.
CK of Dye One, I have a cute up here.
I have the song cute up there.
I want to play them.
Jean Pitt, he's something.
No, it's not Jean Pitt me.
CK of W, Muck and Sound.
Oh, that.
I found my diss standing in a shadows of motown.
Thanks God.
Well, you knew something like that, man.
You have lost it.
If I've losing very impressive, you know what I'm saying?
If I've losing touch with you all.
Wonder if that was a Harper world.
I don't know how I'm going to want to have one.
Do you know that?
That's what I'm saying.
I'm going to have one.
Anybody out there hasn't seen the movie standing in the shadows of motown.
I even jy saw that and he liked it.
Yes, I did.
Pretty damn good.
Even if you're not a big motown enthusiast, if you're even a mediocre to a middleton media motown enthusiast who love it.
And if you are a motown lover, or secretary of Rumsfeld talks about the time table for when Iraq can said better, beat the bootball bout.
They're down in terms of security.
He ain't saying nothing.
1438 votes out of poll, man.
If we'd have leaned on these people I'd go with or said, lean on me.
Remember that I'd like to go with or depressing more.
You didn't like lovely day.
Lovely day.
I never heard of that in my life.
Lovely one.
Yeah.
I've never heard of it.
I've said you I have heard of and that's the little back road cheerfully up there in Pompano Beach because I bought a Zidian cars from them.
I got two Corvettes from them right now.
I want to get down to star photo.
I just can't even begin to tell you how much I enjoy driving them.
Like up and down in the Maya garage.
You're not going to go out on the road down there.
Anyway, the service to salespeople select cars are top-notch at loopback road.
They preach a fantastic light world.
They like to king and or queen.
And the prices can't be beat anywhere in town.
And right now, loopback road is having their race to a thousand.
For the first time in their history they want to sell a thousand cars in one month.
And they got a shot.
Just like Jimmy used to say, we got a shot.
They've got the biggest selection of new and used cars including those hot new Corvettes, trucks, SUVs and minibans anywhere going.
They've also got used cars starting at just 39.95 every single one of them backed by a Carfax Guadante.
Loop, what was that?
Oh, lean on me, Bill Whitters.
Loopback roads out to sell a thousand cars this month.
And they're staying open till midnight every night to get the job done.
Forget the price.
Make them any kind of an offer and they will guarantee you to beat any deal.
They give you more money for your trade.
Zero percent financing.
Rebates up to $6,000, whatever it takes to get the job done.
And put your ass in the tower your choice.
Only a loopback road Chevy with two locations.
Palmito Bay's in quarter mile west of I-95 and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the soil grass.
They'll forget loopback roads stay open till midnight every night.
So whenever you're in the mood, like even after work, go see Loopback Road and get the best deal you ever got in your life on a great new Chevy.
Or check them on the web at loopbackroads.com.
The biggest name of the best talent to get this is Neil Rogers for 3DO560AM.
I said yes.
You like Raji cartoons and get ready for the filthiest one ever on cable.
It's Malt Park.
That's a Gilgames!
Malt Park's got bad language.
In fact, Malt Park contains 100% of your child's recommended daily allowance of dirty words.
Oh yes, Malt Park's got farted too.
62% more farting than any other cable cartoon.
You want violence?
Palm Park's got it.
This week, the fat kid kills his mom.
Bad language.
Farting, silent.
Say it all on Malt Park.
What do you be news?
It's your choice.
Wherever you go, go go with 77WAVC.
Go go!
Oh right!
147 on all hit music radio, 560QAM.
Take that sports and shove it.
Anyway, here's a fast Frank in Melbourne.
I was wondering if you ever heard of the Boston area band, Miles Conner and the Wild ones.
Miles Conner and the Wild ones never heard of him.
He used to be big on the South Shore in the 70s.
Arnie Ginsburg claims to have discovered Miles.
Arnie Wooo, Ginsburg.
But I didn't go to this docking in Boston.
Arnie's adventure car hop many times in the August Mass.
I'm the way to walking him park to plunge my guts out.
You ever go to adventure car hop?
No, but Boca Brown played me those old audio portions.
Arnie Wooo, Ginsburg.
Actually, you stand on the floor.
You always go to adventure car hop and all of these things.
Little Hunter.
He was, he was, uh, okay.
WMEX.
Melvin X Melvin was on F-Satian 2 and Mel Miller.
Did that stand for Mexicans?
Yeah.
Mexican Miller.
Here's a fact that says just finished reading the ballot of Saeed and Nancy.
Thank you, Prince.
Here for posting this on your site.
That is one great read for the FedEx state of politics written with a massive dose of tummy and cheek disease.
Brilliant.
Thank you very much for actually weeding something that we've done on our website.
It doesn't have four letter words in it.
Off a lot of farting today on this show.
I'll tell you that.
1450 votes.
No, I didn't hear any of them.
I heard a lot of raspberries though.
Raspberries are good for you and blackberries and poison berries, man.
Hey, that's what you ought to put in Josh's breakfast tomorrow morning.
Some poison berries.
You put in berries.
I don't mean Josh Gordon some talking about clearance.
Better stuff called them that.
Clarence.
Make it clear, okay?
In fact, maybe if you want to share a little bit of ice cream with Clarence tomorrow when Jackson shows up,
give him a little what some poison berry sauce on it.
I hope it cooks some up.
Mmm, can't wait.
And don't hear any of these two can't hurt.
1454.
You know something seriously.
If we'd have really put the pedal to the metal, we'd have gotten the 15 again.
Does it really make any difference?
No, it's not.
Does anybody care except it's just, you know, it's just something, right?
Mmm.
And it's just a little something.
So the muffmeister is going to be an actor of the show, huh?
You're fairy.
Is he going to announce that he's taken over his PD again?
These have got Clarence fire?
No.
How depressing.
Now there was one bloody coup, man, or bloodless.
I don't know how you look at it.
Am I right?
It was bloodless.
A bloodless coup where Clarence came in and he just stabbed the muffmeister in her back.
To which I would say to both of them.
You're fairy.
During an interview on NPR radio, one house deputy chief of staff, Karl Rove, duked it out with host
over a polling data roster.
He says, well, let's be at a roster.
I've got to check something on there right now.
One moment.
Well, no, sometimes they'll say we have something big news for it.
Raw uppains EPA memory will edgy more than 9.11 fraud soon.
And it's got like dot, dot, dot, dot.
And then it's not on area.
So I'm just checking to see if it was on area.
Was it on area?
No.
No.
The exchange between the host and Karl Rove took place yesterday during the White House
and the scheduled radio day.
After midterm election interview, Robert Siegel, stated that many might consider you on the optimistic end of realism
regarding Republican hopes to retain both houses in November.
Rove suggested that the NPR host was biased.
Not that you would be exhibiting a bias or anything like that, Rove said.
You're just making a comment.
I'm looking at all the same polls that you're looking at every day, Steve, are responded.
No, you're not, Rove said.
Rove said that he was reviewing 68 polls a week.
And then unlike the, I bet you even mark fully in every so 68 polls a week.
One of that.
And then unlike the general public, I'm allowed to see the polls on the individual races as opposed to public polls reported the media said,
Roping maniac.
You may be looking at four or five public polls a week to talk about attitudes nationally,
but that do not impact the outcome, Rove said.
Rove claimed that the polls had up to a Republican Senate and a Republican House.
You should love so long, Schmendrick.
You may end up with a different math for your entire year math, Rove said.
I'm entitled to the math, the in quotes.
He's got the numbers, you know?
Aren't you impressed?
Yes, the fix.
Now he's got the surprise, baby.
He's got the machines.
He's got those good machines.
I only wish it would, but I could find machines as good as the one that those are that old people are given to the Republicans.
Peter King is worried that his fellow Republicans are turning into whims.
I find it frustrating sometimes with Republicans.
You want to shake them and say, let's do this, Mr. King.
The pugnacious Long Island Republican who shares the House Homeland Security Committee.
A lot of Republicans, when they get thrown off their game,
they're scrambling to fight a new message.
He says to me, if you believe in what you're saying, you continue to say the same thing.
Does that sound like state of course?
No, no one ever said state of course of stuff.
I just made it up.
Mr. King is perhaps the last unapologetic you're about to talk in the internear state delegation in Washington.
More than any of his beleaguered local Republican colleagues, he is sticking with the original GOP game plan
and talking in unrelentingly tough terms about the war.
Never mind that the T-Dwing War effort is other Republican counties all across the country,
changing the subject and even force President Bush to abandon his so-called state of course rhetoric,
or is that one caller would say his rhetoric.
If you know what you're talking about and believe in what you're saying,
go forward, otherwise what the hell King said Friday afternoon at the New York Athletic Club on Central Park South,
we addressed a legend for security professional minutes earlier.
Not just from the sanctimonious side, I mean it works.
It does resonate, he said.
Mr. King and his family down to earth,
and the caricature of a gruff 62-year-old blue collar long Islander,
has earned himself a reputation during his 14 years in Congress as a philosophical conservative,
but a political naivrite continuing accounting among his allies, John McCain,
as well as Bill and Hillary Clinton.
How do you like that?
Now, some polls suggest that he too is susceptible to the noxious political climate
that's having such a worrying effect on the country's Republicans.
He's facing a serious challenge from Dave Mahias.
I wonder if he's kind of Roman Mahias used to put the outfield for the pirates.
Dave Mahias and Ashton County State Legislator,
who's doing everything possible to pay Mr. King, is a right-wing war,
and they were unlucky of the profoundly unpopular present.
A RT strategy and constituent dynamics poll conducted between October 8 and 10th showed Mr. Kingsley
down to only 2.47 to 45 percent.
He has become himself a living test case for the GOP's worst case scenario,
to which all we can say is, all right, 154 is QAM, whatever we are times.
The biggest names of best talents for the business,
Leo Rajkhar.
Fourth news, more time.
Radio 560, QAM.
The God.
King, that straight part, Polis, are low.
You fairy.
Another type of Republican, more or less queer, boy.
Naive, Neil Pan has a resume.
Naive, that's a part of the world.
Fourth news, more or less queer, boy.
Big deal, that's a part of the jail.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the biggest news.
The whole world is going to be a fool.
Yeah, we're country comments.
Yeah, we're country comment culture,
we're nationals, and we are community leaders all around us.
, totally.
Breakthrough, I'm doing alright, but I'll quit it,
at least.
We're we're bringing you a message once again.
you're working well,
Here's a Sunday cry of 20 for behind now.
Yes.
He just looked at us all the more
No proud to find us
I was bound to fly
I was bound to fly
I was bound to fly
I was bound to fly
He just looked at us all the more
He was bound to fly
To the world
To the world
To the world
With hope
But also that
C'mon
Bye!
