all the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time!
You've got a lot of time to talk about me and I'm right here.
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
You see what that horse thinks and I said, what?
I have you know, I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the chando I take the elevator down and on my way to the car when I throw my folding mask out, I give a brief condo paper.
The chando is a back and towel.
The chando is a back and towel.
The chando is a back and towel.
The chando is a back and towel.
The chando is a back and towel.
Why you laugh?
I've got a lot of you spoiled old bulls.
I know everything that's going on in the produce.
Why you haven't a lot of money on you?
I've been to the drive, carry on with you.
You've had this all the time.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way clearly me.
But when they drive my voice will change.
I'm going to be a little smoothing.
10 out of 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Thursday August 24, man.
This month is just fly and buy.
It's almost over.
Good.
And, you know, that rumor that you were talking about on Tuesday?
Yes, Josh is a rumor.
About that place across the street, Tyre Kingdom.
It's just dawned on me that...
I mean, it's just dawn on me, but it just keeps bugging me.
The fact that that rumor was started by people inside that place.
That establishment over there.
So, the fact that they're...
You know, they got to clean up their own house before they start giving us a son of a dance.
You're people who got loose lips, baby.
Lose lips.
And there's nothing worse than a little lie for that.
I know, I'm a total idiot.
That's what I was thinking about.
That's what I was chuckling about.
And you just keep it to yourself.
This is nothing.
Baggett.
Groundbaggett.
Here's probably the most important story.
Forget about the warers.
Forget about John Carr.
Here's the most important story that I've come across in ages.
Jeanette Pennsylvania.
And the first word is just one word.
It says, meow.
But this red judge has been asked to decide whether meow is a harmless toddler grounds for Mr. Meanor harassment.
Jeanette Police.
That's Jeanette Pennsylvania.
He's been calling to charge the 14-year-old boy for a meow and whenever he sees his neighbor.
78-year-old Alexandra Carrasia.
Where's that Carrasia?
The boy's family in Carrasia did not get along.
The boy's mother said the family got rid of their cat.
After Carrasia complained to police that it used her flower garden as a litter box.
The boy testified this week that he only meowed at the woman twice.
Carrasia testified every time he sees me.
Meow's.
The boy's defensive turn.
He dated Martin Jr.
argued that the charge should be dismissed.
I wonder if he's kind to ray Fisher, Jr.
Hope this should never have been filed, Martin said.
This is not something that police should be wasting their time with or wasting the court's time.
Jeanette, the district judge, Josephine Marches decided to wait 90 days before ruling.
What is going to give a lot of thought to this?
He said his decision will be based on the boy and his neighbor how they get along in the meantime.
Well, they can patch up their meow.
Yeah, exactly.
There you go.
Don't do it.
You're going to wind up in court.
On the people's court.
Oh, there's a top of a storm Debbie.
Let's call Debbie and see how that storm's coming.
What does this Debbie?
I love it.
I didn't know you had her number.
A lot of time I say, well, that thing is going way away.
It's a top of a storm Debbie.
I didn't know Fang, okay?
Here's a story that should be a thing, but of course the public are used to being butchered up.
Because that's just the way the world is.
You know, it's a violent, horrible, unjust place.
Two US soldiers, in fact, before I even do this, let me give the one quote.
Because I don't want to talk too much about those two videos that I watched with Noam Chomsky.
Okay.
I'm serious because most of the people in the audience would know Noam Chomsky from Noa in the Ark.
Noa's Ark Hardware Store.
But anyway, he had a great line and it's true.
There's a lot of great lines.
In fact, George is doing a few of them right now.
But the one of the best ways to stop terrorism is to stop participating in it, which I thought he was...
Absolutely correct.
And then a Christian book on and documents all of the grotesque horrendous things.
But you saw that movie while we fight.
Sure.
And then you'll see the trouser Henry Kissinger, which arrived yesterday, I guess.
Right.
And when you see that and you put two and four together, then you'll all pay the ugly.
Speaking of two, two US soldiers were killed south of Baghdad today.
While a series of attacks across the country left at least 11 Rockies dead in the civil war wounded.
One more US soldier was killed yesterday during a raid to capture foreign terrorists.
It's the war on terror.
Like the war on honesty, the war on integrity, the war on anything.
How can you have a war on an idea?
Just watch.
Or on a plan.
By dropping lots of bombs all over the war on evil.
Yeah.
The war on a concept.
Man, you got a hand in the Ticarl robe and he's lunatics, man.
It sure pedals some real heavy duty craft.
And the public just loves it, man.
And he'll lap it up.
Got some bad news celebrity death.
Rock drummer Bruce Gary.
Or is he?
I wonder if that's Boy Gary.
Wouldn't that be a shame if he croaked.
I bet you're Hank Lodewick-Pizzowski right there for you right in the parking lot.
He's invited everybody in town.
He'd go there to P.P. Park right up the street.
It might be his building right here.
Is that Boy Gary?
Yeah.
That's a memory of their smash all the way.
If he let me do the article, come to find out.
Rock drummer Bruce Gary who worked with George Harrison, Bob Dillon, and Steven Stills,
but as best known as the next original drummer on my, Sherona, has died.
He was 54.
54.
Gary Dytusdi at Tarzan Medical Center said Guy McKean, publicist for the next lead singer, Doug Feiger.
Cause the death wasn't as close.
He was an integral part of our sound, not to mention a great drummer, Feiger, said in the statement.
In addition to the Nat Gary, three decade career as a drummer and producer included work with a Who's Who of Performers.
Besides Harrison Dillon and Stills, he recorded with Cream's Jack Bruce, Rod Stewart, Cheryl Crow,
that middleer, Yoko Ono, Harry Nielsen, and the doors guitarist, Robbie Krieger, recorded the website.
Gary also worked with Blues Master at Albert Collins, Albert King and John Lee Hooker,
and toured with former Eagles member, Randy Meisner, and Spencer Davis.
He also produced a series of post-miss releases from Timmy Hendrix, including the Blues Confolation.
He also produced a CD of Drum Samples, Bruce Gray Gary's Drumbo Cadillary.
The drum loops are popular in professional home recording studios where they can be added to any song.
They're even more popular than Fruit Loops.
On August 3rd, oh, that's the story we were talking about.
Feiger underwent successful brain surgery.
He had two brain tumors removed during operations at Cedar Sinai Medical Center.
He's now recovering at home. He's just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
The neck was formed in 1978 and a year later it hit it big with my, Sherona.
The group's debut album Get the Necks sold six million copies.
That is scary.
Followed by a second album, but the little girls understand, I think John Carr like that, when little girls understand, which sold two million.
That is amazing.
All these people with too much discretionary cash, if you ask me.
And that's the problem with that. Why else would they be buying the neck?
Hey, get the neck.
Maybe they were good.
Well, they're good.
They had two good songs.
What was the other one?
Good girls don't.
We have a bid based on that.
Do we have that?
It's called Girls Don't Far. It is our bid.
Oh, yeah, I know.
Oh, well, we can't play that.
I don't think there are any far-sounds with it.
There are.
There are no far-sounds, Joyce.
Joyce, that's what we're talking about.
That's what we're out on our first date.
Yeah, I think there might be.
I'm not really sure.
And I'll read the notes here.
Anyway, here's George's poll for me yesterday.
What makes the least sense?
867 votes on his poll.
What makes the least sense?
Can you just see Noam Chomsky speaking at FIU?
No, I'm not speaking.
No, I'm not speaking.
The University of Miami.
Professor Noam Chomsky will be speaking this evening at the University of Miami at the Athletica Department.
Yeah, yeah.
What makes the least sense?
Braille on the drive-through of the ATM, 213?
Well, let me ask you something.
Suppose you were driving a blind person through, right?
Yeah.
And they had to withdraw something.
Yeah, what are they going to do to reach over your lap?
You're going to pull through their backwards?
Now, actually, what you do is you ask them for the pin.
Oh, yeah, I do have a good idea.
I do have a good idea.
I ask you the pin and you haul ass.
Hey, blind Mike.
213 people said the Braille on the drive-through of the ATM.
Now, do they actually have Braille on the ATM that drives through?
Yes, they do.
Get out of here.
For what?
I'd Joyce you not.
Well, that's the point now, isn't it?
Yeah, that's true.
Stupid things.
Stupid people do stupid things.
They're all made in a factory.
Bombing for peace, 185.
You're wrong about that, Mr. I'm going to say it right now.
We're going to bomb their ass in a democracy whether they like it or not, whether they want it or not.
We're going to bomb and bomb until we can't bomb no more.
Either way, Israeli helicopters, it's like an oxymoron because Israel doesn't make any helicopters.
They all make an America.
Bush administrations for impolice and ready to invite shouldn't have said that because on our survey today, our survey says, which is not really a pulse of survey.
Middle East, we already got somebody listening in the Middle East.
I sure hope I didn't know what crazy is really.
Oh, let's see.
Where are we?
Maybe if someone with some schmata heads in Saudi Arabia, do you think?
Could be.
Well, I think we're going to get you next next and tell you that right now, okay, use Saudis.
Don't get smug and fat, okay, because we're going to come and get your ass next.
Remember last time Prince Abdullah came here and Bush must have told him to get lost.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Taks al-Huiz.
Which one?
Chris Angel.
Chris Angel, yeah.
He's down for like 75 hours on Wednesday night.
He was on last night.
Not that I watched it, but I saw it on the guide.
I had noticed it.
This is the same network that gives you like investigative reports and biography shows.
And they give you like a dog the bounty hunter.
Ain't this with a bunch of grotesque tattoos.
And now Chris, whatever his name is, Angle.
Jo Angel.
Non-alcoholic beer is 60.
Yeah, what's the point?
What is the point?
Or the taste?
Yeah.
That's why people drink beer for the taste, right?
The Electoral College 54.
Oh, that's for damn sure.
That should have been right up there on the top.
It was a late addition.
The Golden Glades fly over 33.
Softcore porn has got...
BOT-30, man.
Marriage 29.
And a one topic radio station 14.
And that's what I voted for.
Thanks to this show, we don't have that.
Right.
Although across the street they got that.
It's all sports over there at the...
I think...
Giffy Louvre.
Yes.
Is that what it is?
The Tire Kingdom.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
The Star Wars.
In the video with
adow.
Sheddy Bart.
James Williams.
Charles Johnson.
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow?
Rentester number one. What is your name, please?
My name is John Markhart and I killed John M.A. Ramsey.
Rentester number two. My name is John Markhart and I killed John M.A. Ramsey.
Rentester number three. My name is John Markhart and I killed John M.A. Ramsey.
One of these men killed John M.A. Ramsey. The other two are investors.
By not who the real John Markhart is, which we all play to play the truth.
Now here's your host, Hello, Rose.
About the modern spinward panel, Larry King, Friedrich Crawlton, and Mr. Dick Clark.
And now as head of your Ministry of Truth, let's begin to play with the truth.
Miss Crawl's me.
Mr. Pink.
Confessant number two.
That was a ten years ago. Was it not?
Yes.
Did you then do you now have change for a 20?
Yes, I do.
Yes.
It's two five hundred and ten is good.
Thank you.
Mr. Dick Clark.
Now, will the real killer of John M.A. Ramsey please, damn.
Oh, we're sorry ladies and gentlemen. We have another turn.
People of your shittin' past.
Stay tuned for North Eden as we play the truth.
Long me, Trustee Douglas.
10, 19 and 5, 60 WQAM. Let's see that lineup for today.
Of course today and tomorrow, this is just the a wind down.
A grid reads nightmare of his living nightmare.
They left the legacy that he left in our behind, man.
Because starting next Monday, August 28th, it's going to be a brand new deal, baby.
Oh, aren't you excited?
I am thrilled like you don't even know.
And now that I officially gave up plunging my gut side of wood by now as of yesterday,
I finally got the last, oh brother, no more for this kid ever again.
Don't get started, Josh. Don't get the left of the beast talking to them, slot machines, man.
They want our bandits.
I know you'll be back there in like a waste of time.
I will not be back. I will not be participating.
I've heard of the folks such fine-arrived at any rate.
Next Monday, October 28th, what is it August, December, whatever it is?
And we got Kenny and Boa in the morning, the Kenny and Bo show, no more Crow and no more Moe,
but we got Kenny and Boa. What do you know?
And of course, that's what we're told by Joe, Joe Mama.
And what's that going to be all about? What are they going to be doing in the morning?
I asked George this before, he said it's going to be an amusing sports show.
And I said, oh yeah.
What's it going to be? Do we know?
You thought it was Kenny?
Oh, don't tell me it's going to be another sports show.
Of course. I thought Kenny Walker was from Y100.
And Kenny and Foody didn't, I never heard Kenny on the year, I don't think.
But they did do a sports show.
I'm going to be doing it here today.
They did do it on the sports show. Nobody wants to do another stupid ass sports show for...
Oh, that's why you're wrong, Mr.
800 votes even. I know, but they're not votes. They're like tallies.
Right. On today's survey.
Not a poll today, it's a survey.
I was kind of curious about this. I think it's mildly interesting.
It may not be like Earthshaking, Earthshattering.
Certainly, it is interesting as Lionel, they're an MSNBC.
What I'm saying simply is that...
Who's that other guy on Earth? That dark, conflicted guy.
Okay, here's the deal. Where are you usually when you listen to video-wide your show either on the year or of course on the internet?
It's the most interesting part.
Leading the way is...
Wow!
246 say they're in Broward when they listen. 178 in day. That's almost even Steven.
We're always being brainwashed and believing that the overwhelming majority of our audiences in...
Wow!
...go guess what?
Now, of course, some of those people in day, they may be working day, but they live in Broward.
Like you for a ramble, both of you.
Or by the verse I would imagine. Meaning what?
That there appear a lot of limitate in Broward. I mean, it's got to happen.
Oh, no.
You think they like to have a visa to get across the border?
And to daylight hours? It's called the Sun Path.
Broward 246, data 178.
Tom Veach, 113. How do you like that? That is shocking.
Florida outside of those three counties, 102, outside of the Tri-County Area, 102.
USA outside of Florida, 78. In other words, like Wisconsin, Washington,
like in Shaboygan, wherever Massachusetts, Vermont, New York, Pennsylvania, et cetera. Virginia.
I don't listen to 28. Now, you're kind of like a chocolate when you saw that this morning.
No, you're raising the reason I put that on. There is that there are people who go to our website
who either they don't listen because they can't or they're at work or whatever,
but they still peruse our website. They vote on the poll. They read the stories. Maybe what all these things?
That is correct. So they don't get to listen or they don't want to listen.
Maybe they just hate the show or their computer doesn't have speakers up to it.
A whole variety of things. So we always like to give people a place to go,
and especially with our callers. In fact, I gave the callers a place to go down.
That is back wherever they've got because I already shut the thing off.
I'll give them direction. I don't have any time for that cock-a-ride today.
I don't know. Yeah, no way. I don't listen 28.
In outer space, 22, and speaking of you just said it, that's one of it.
Out of this world. In outer space.
Oh, yeah, 22 said that. I hate this poll only 13.
Well, how can he hate it? It's not even a poll. It's a survey.
How can... But, you know, not for me to ask.
Remember what I said? What...
A poem, a normtramsky said. What he said.
The best way to stop terrorism is not participating in it.
Well, he just... He's so good at scary.
And they'll... They'll... It's really scary though.
Is that... Is he in Corvidow?
Well, our both about 100 years old and they're going to both be dead pretty soon.
And then what? Then we... Well, we got left.
We still have... Nobody listening to either one of them any other than that.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you're watching the lectures, but I mean does anybody eat it?
Well, certainly not at the University of Miami.
Oh, let's see. I hate this poll 13.
Canada 8, which means me and seven other Canadian 8.
8 people listening in Canada.
Mexico 4. How do you like that?
See, you're always picking on those four beaters down there.
We got four people listening in Mexico, man.
Right, that. Yeah, why you're picking on the beaters?
You're just... You're just... You're just... You know what?
You wish that you had a country where people could go and get kidnapped and never be seen again.
I wish I had square feet in a moon face.
Europe... Europe 3.
See, you're obsessed with feet. I don't know what else with you.
You got a foot fetish. I always talk about feet.
Europe 3, Asia 2, the Middle East 1, the Middle East 1.
Oi!
How do you like that? I bet you're in Saudi Arabia.
I've been Prince Abdullah is listening right now.
Or maybe Bandar Bush is listening right now.
Or maybe Ahud Olmert, one of our appointed terrorists in charge over there in Israel.
Maybe he's listening.
Middle East 1, Africa 1.
Now you see, I'm not really sure...
You better... You better Google it.
Google it. Africa being so ignorant.
Listen, I don't feel bad because you're ignorant too about it.
I asked you if Saudi Arabia is considered an Asia or Africa.
I think it's part of Asia.
I think you might be right.
But I'm not sure if it's a real kind of map.
I certainly Egypt. Hello.
Now, wait a minute. What about the Middle East?
I don't think it's a real kind of a place.
I don't think it's a real kind of place.
It's a region, not a continent.
But you've got other areas on there.
Middle East 1, Africa 1. South America 1.
How do you like that? We've got some of the South America probably in Brazil.
No doubt. Australia and Central America, we don't have anybody in the course of the US.
It's such a good job of bombing the Karagua and Panama and destroy the most of Central America.
Those poor shluppers can't... They've got no internet.
832 have checked in.
We'll have that 1000 easy by 1130.
Wouldn't you say? Or buy whatever?
I knew it. Whatever.
Just when you thought things were making a little bit of progress,
of course progress is a dirty word in George Bush's America.
Don't forget, SBTC stands for Stupid Bush Terrorizes the Constitution.
Or a simple-than-Bush Terrorizes the country.
Or all of these things.
All of these things.
Kushada, Tennessee.
This is in the Shreve Port Times.
Oh, I'm sorry, not Tennessee. It's the Louisiana.
Where I get Tennessee from. I'm off the same crab.
It just flows downstream.
This isn't a Shreve Port Louisiana Times.
Kushada, Kushada.
9 black children attending Red River Elementary School were directorized
to wait to the back of the bus.
The back of the school bus by a white driver who designated the front seats for white children.
The situation is outrage-relatives of the black children who have filed a complaint with school officials.
Super-intended Kate easily will meet with the family members in her orifice this morning.
She's probably meeting right now.
The National Association, the NAACP, is also considering filing a formal charge
with the US Department of Justice.
NAACP district vice president James Panell, a Shreve Port, said he would apprise justice attorneys
on the situation this week.
He's considering asking for an investigation into the bus incident.
And other aspects of the school system's operations, including pupil teacher ratio as it relates to the numbers of white and black children,
along with a breakdown of the numbers of black and white teachers employed to bid.
If the smoke is there, then there's probably far somewhere else Panell said to the phone and it'll be from a New Orleans.
We fought that battle 50 years ago when we won. Why is this happening again?
And you know who's rotting in her grave? She just died as a matter of fact, didn't she?
Brother?
Throws the parks.
I wonder if she was akin to birth parks. I always asked that. Nobody ever answered the question.
MacArthur Parks.
Oh, is that it? Well, I sure like that.
That was always a good way to start your morning show, man, with MacArthur Park.
When you had to go and finish with all your bodily functions.
You know, it was like seven and a half minutes long, something like that.
Yes, it was.
Either that or Derek and the Dominoes and Leila.
How long is that, baby?
Did you have a little Saudi Arabia?
It's not Asia nor is it Europe, so I'm finding where it is.
I didn't say Europe. I said Africa. It's certainly not Europe.
Saudi Arabia and Europe.
You might have started learning your Middle Eastern, Shmata, Hexia, or from Mr. Kuzusha, as you sure as hell don't know it.
Europe, my ass.
Well, there's those two Fox guys.
They're still, they still got tourists.
A lot of the teachers have to work at Fox. Those propaganda spasters.
27 past and you know that the clip that we got on our website from Keith Albumen?
Well, the sub-minor has it on Asian.
That's what I told you.
Remember what we played in a couple of days in their last week?
Yes.
I had you play it?
Yes.
And we put it on our website, the link to it called, uh, where is it?
The Nexus of Politics and Terror.
That went over so big that he, they replayed it on the show two nights ago.
Good.
They replayed that whole clip about all the lies, the phony terror alerts.
So just keep everybody in a total state of panic.
The fear factor, it's not a TV show, it's a political philosophy, baby.
It's a strategy, like the War on Terror.
28 after 10, lobster festers back here, we frited to send it to the animal coast.
You know, if the world really is coming to an end, if Armageddon's coming soon, you might as well take out, right?
We got to lose.
I mean, all right.
Absolutely.
So ahead for the animal coast, they're in sunrise in Pemberpines and also in beautiful sunny Al's beach.
You'll find over a hundred different items on the menu.
So try them all, start out with some of their six gourmet soup, their sample, all of them.
Then go for the juicy, delicious New York state grilled just to your order, the way you love it.
There's Sam Carr, primary of a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes, as well as a salad bar and a seafood bar.
So much food there, you won't even know what a dig into next.
And their dessert bar is really great during the week, during the week nights, but on the weekends, the 40-inch chocolate fondant that the animal coast will make your mouth water.
You'll just be hand-dip and stick it all kinds of amazing, decadent things in their like strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake, and other great treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a fantastic feast at the animal coast and don't forget, no MSG headaches when you walk out of this joint because they don't use any MSG or cornstarch or any crap.
They use only the best ingredients, including cholesterol, fecinole oil and all the cooking.
So if you want a fabulous feast, just go in there, just go in there when they open the door and just stay there until they kick your whole ass out and the whole family.
Bring the family to the animal coast for a real fantastic treat.
9-5-4-572-3822 is the number for reservations and don't forget to be prided through Sunday lobster fest is back at the animal coast.
9-5-4-572-3822
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-Q-A-L.
Think of him, Maya.
A Mexican national holiday.
Long stations are giving away trips to ten schools. I'm giving away trips to Mexico City.
But who are we bringing Mexico to you?
That's right. We're giving away Mexico.
Real life Mexican.
Go around.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back.
Then we hope you want to imagine your own personal Mexican.
They'll wash your car and your house and your car.
And think you want it because if they don't you'll have them deported.
Audio sum.
Be the 10th color when you hear this sound and win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Fading in the logic of Mexicans is winners responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
That would be great. Take over your Maya with your own home.
Every day with your very own Mexican.
We've got a single baby.
I'll single whatever they are.
They are Wastol.
Five of the Mexicans are listening right now.
Or at least they listen most of the time when they're like wherever they are.
In Ichoawa.
Maya you have such hatred for the Mexican.
I don't know.
You don't.
Make all these go test every day.
You Julio's man.
Can't you get your right together?
You might be the Jews. It's the same thing.
And the Arabs.
Same Julio's.
We have the Shiites and we got the Sunnis and we got the Kurds and everybody hates the Kurds.
And we got the Orthodox and the super Orthodox.
I was the Haredi.
Remember that straight ahead about the Haredi one?
Right.
Offering the 20,000 Chequels to kill some Faggot at a gate-prime parade.
Really nice. Very nice.
Look, I got nothing against the Native Americans at all.
Including the Indians.
There you go, pick it on the Indians again too.
That's what the Mexicans are.
If you ask me, I think you're a...
I don't play that anymore.
If this audience had any idea of all the don'ts, you know, there's that old thing about who?
They don't get any do's.
We just get don'ts.
Don't play this and don't say that.
No! No! No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Don't worry, you guys, okay?
Screw you.
We're sitting here with an H-H-H-R on a radio station and it's got like decimal points in front of most of their numbers.
And I try to put the, you know, and change the whole lineup.
I'm going to try to re-sucutate what Greg read, destroyed.
We're sitting here with like gigantic numbers in the middle of a radio cesspool.
And you're...
I'm going to take instructions from a bitch named Joyce who wouldn't know a radio if you stuck 40 of Muppard's.
That's correct.
So ask.
Screw you, Joyce.
Yamama.
Not only that, but I heard that there's people going out of business march first.
Anyway, let's see.
Survivor plays the race car.
This is the debate they had on there this morning.
And we see we always get the MS, not.
From the Oh No, they didn't file.
So it said, let's see, this story is in the Toronto Star.
Oh, what do they know?
The latest twist in reality television is segregation.
Oh, right.
See, it's just like that story we had before about the black hits going to the back of the
bus.
Let's turn it clock back.
Maybe that's what the Bush crowd wants to do.
Turn it back a few years.
Right?
Maybe about 50, but at least 30, man.
CBS announced details for the upcoming season of Survivor Cook Islands yesterday.
But on a premiere September 14, viewers, they wonder if they've tumbled through a crack
in the space time continuum.
Ooh.
It's not what Howard Beal was talking about.
The space time continuum.
And he was before he passed out for the harder time.
Continually.
He had this great, the contact with nature and birds and all this other crap.
It was so good.
What a shame Peter Finch died, you know?
That may have been told to take somebody.
What a shame that so blank died.
Yeah, so they'll blank in.
Yeah, Mel blank died.
He did die.
Yes, he did.
He did do that.
Just about anybody you mentioned, they're dead.
Just like that drummer from the neck.
We have a neck of talking about dead people on the show.
We don't want to hear about anymore old dead celebrity while too bad and go someplace
else, okay?
Go turn over to do a scare America and listen to their crap.
Listen to Al Franken and cancer and all these things.
She's not under anymore.
Oh, isn't she?
I can't understand why.
She's almost as entertaining as Rita Crosby.
Hmm.
Yeah, I can't hear that.
I'm in the cover of an Ashland choir.
Oh, no.
I better go out and get that today.
You know, the choir.
Then for Tuesday, I'll have that.
Speaking of Jackie Mason.
Can we get over it that this top man from the old Mafia is following me around.
I knew he wasn't trying to kill me, so I figured he must be enjoying my act.
After she knows, Mason would join Lansky and his friends at their table.
He loved the power.
I could see he loved the power because when people sat around him with that wait-short
for a look on their faces, you could tell that he knew he was the boss and the accident.
I used to say to him, how much money do you really have?
I'm sweaty by my life.
I keep my match up.
And he would laugh and change the subject and give me a card.
Go give me a give it.
And I couldn't have a find out anything.
What a shame.
That's my vote for the new president of Israel is Jackie Mason.
What do you say?
I think it's a hell out of take.
Capital idea.
The 20 contestants on Survivor Cook Islands will be divided into four tribes.
There you go right there.
We were talking about this before the show today about the tribal rivalries and hatreds
and killing and all of these things.
That's what the world's all about tribes, along ethnic lines.
That's right, after watching a survivor plunge to all time,
loathes and the ratings and buzz last season,
Wynie Mark Brunette hopes to reunite passions with a little fashion race war.
Black tribe, white tribe, Latino tribe, Asian tribe,
survivors ready to let the social Darwinism begin.
Wonder what I'm mancolder would think about that.
The eyebrows and a raising plan was discussed by two Caucasians yesterday on the early show
as Survivor host Jeff Probst dodged surprisingly pointed questions.
Well, that's probably one of the reasons it'll be interesting.
Controversial said Probst.
I know from where I sit, I found it and find it to be one of the precious ideas we've
had.
It says, fresh.
What's next?
Marathon tribe versus NPT tribe?
Supermobile tribe versus Moverly Obes tribe?
Myopic tribe versus 2020 tribe?
I like that one.
You want one?
Myopic, Europe.
Oh, biopic.
Smith said some of his colleagues groaned after hearing Survivor was playing the race
card.
Then he realized that he was supposed to be a squishy, CBS cross promotion encouraged
Probst to defend the idea.
I think at first glance when you just hear it, it could sound like a stunt probe said
that that's not what we're doing here.
The idea for this actually came from the criticism that Survivor was not ethnically diverse
or perversive.
It says if Survivor reading was to refute quota, I've said critics probe should just say
the simple fact 80% of all applicants are white.
So if you want more diversity on Survivor, get more of these marginal people.
I mean, these minorities too.
Sure.
And the bottom line is all they need to do is show more flesh.
That's what they need and that's what people want.
That's right.
Well, the only good reality show that was everyone was the RMI hotter.
Are you hotter?
Is it hot?
You know, something like that.
Yeah, that was on ABC and then they yanked it.
Well, sure, they went the only one.
They took it off the air before I had a chance to really do anything.
I don't know why because it was a good show.
They didn't pretend to be anything else but a flesh.
But I told you why.
That's what I meant.
Why?
Why did they take the lens along us use the laser pointer would trip off Howard Stern and
he threatened to sue and therefore they yanked.
Oh, I know.
I'm so glad you mentioned that.
Guess who got Howard Stern yesterday?
I give up.
Gilbert?
Yeah, let me give you a clue.
He's got a white beard and he's an A-packed shill and he's on CNN before Ludo.
Santa Claus.
That's the one.
Wolf, let's say baby got, he got the Stern yesterday.
I got home just in time.
I turned on the TV and he's doing a thing of breakfast thing but he got some brought
on the phone who has inside information about John Mark Carr and John Bane and she's
got the info that nobody else has gotten.
She's got, and she comes on.
She's got some made up name and his chicken son of the phone Wolf is asking.
Well, it's so wonderful having you here in my pedantic way and let me ask you what do
you know?
What can you add to our understanding of John Mark Carr and she starts going on and she's
as well and she starts really breathless, you know, like it's a legitimate call.
And she says, well, the real story is that John told me that he was told by Howard Stern
to kill John Bane.
Yeah.
And at that point of course they cut her off and Wolf went on to tell the audience that
we just got as they say in the business Howard Stern and we apologize very much to the
audience for getting sucked into that phony but we thank you very much for your call anyway.
He actually said that.
We're right.
We have Mike Siegel talking about pedantic and Jewish just ridiculous.
He actually said that.
But thank you very much for your crank call on CNN worldwide.
Wolf, let's go.
He gets Stern.
Nice go.
See, this is one of those situations where I appreciate that Stern had somebody call
in and at least break up the monotony a little bit of the Stern Mark Carr crap.
That's the time you Stern somebody.
Not what is like buildings falling down and people thousands of people dying.
That's probably not the most opportune or intelligent time to be calling in doing a Stern routine.
Maybe it's you just fools you don't have a sense of humor.
Now that must be it.
I'm just an old funny donny.
That's right.
That's right.
Wolf, I like it.
Wolf, or some other phlelic pansy.
1042 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you right now man.
There's a lot of schmutz in your carpeting even if you know even the Arabs know that
that they're schmutz in the carpet.
That's why they make sure that they're clean all the time before they get down on their
hands and knees.
You know what I'm saying?
What you saying?
If you want to get down and pray you want to make sure your carpets are clean anyway no matter
what kind of carpets you got whether it's your area rugs or your vault of all or whatever
carpeting you got.
It gets a lot of stuff in there because people are walking on it and your pets are doing
that only knows what on it.
Call our friends at dry concepts for over 21 years they've been doing my homes and
over 28 years all told and all of soft food.
Your carpets stay cleaner longer when they dry clean them for you because there's no
sticky residue left behind and they got over 50,000 satisfied customers so you know
they've been doing a lot of things right for a long long time.
When you call dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
And don't forget hurricane season is here and keep in mind the dry concepts are also
the experts in water damage restoration.
There should be five technicians to get you out of the mold zone in just minutes not
days and dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's what I'm seeing.
And don't forget dry concepts also is got that state of the art or any other rug cleaning
plant.
It's the only one in town right on site.
They're keeping it to keeping your expensive and expensive area rug looking just like
you had brand new laid so do yourself a Yomanga flavor keep everything looking beautiful
and brand new and keep it sanitary to by calling dry concepts and they brought it upon
beaches column toll free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 or on the wicked web just
log on to dry concepts dot com.
This is me.
Roger this is 516.
16.
Get the honey.
Yeah.
Can you run this big.
I'm the end of the.
The.
It's.
I.
It's not in Paris as you fly your skinny pony ass and skirt that I.
You're.
Welcome.
See.
Oh.
Your daddy moves in.
Now.
See.
Our.
Oh.
There it takes a camel.
To know what's well and smells.
All the time.
They're all the news.
They can't get enough of you.
You.
We poison that.
See.
They.
Point the camera.
Well.
When you're on a fun.
It's.
To see a panties and a.
A.
Practically.
But they're in.
Firm.
And I think it's a red.
A poster child.
Republican.
Wow.
The media.
Garsh is over and.
With a.
Normus manly hands.
And the biggest.
Adam.
Zappel.
In.
Town.
Oh.
Oh.
You know what they trying to cure?
I'll wait.
Henry Harrison with when he got pneumonia.
Which turned into.
And he was you know he was still.
Typically new.
Right.
Well, the reason I looked up what him Henry Harrison is.
Because he was 68.
It was the oldest president elected until.
Reagan was 69.
And the reason I'm talking about that is.
Because there's a thing about John McCain later this.
Monthly.
I can about five days.
John McCain turns 70, which means in 2008 he would be.
72 to all.
Man.
2 old.
Oldie and moldy.
What is that?
What?
Oh, fire.
Arab attack?
Oh, and I have another one of these stupid asses.
Wait, wait, don't care what they're doing, what they're doing here about it.
Can I close the door here? Can I close the door on my floor?
I'll play my shoulder.
And the drummer for the neck is dead.
Anyway, getting back to the treatment, the doctors tried everything to cure William Henry Harrison,
including opium, castor oil, Virginia snake weed, and even actual snakes.
They got some of that snake weed left.
What if I had snakes on a plane back then?
What, no, we just two baseball teams are sued for women only freebies.
So no.
Is it discrimination, though, or is it just marketing?
If you have a...
It's discrimination, bitch.
Women only freebies my ass.
Anyway, here's the a poll so far, the survey.
Where are you usually when you listen to the erudger show either on the air,
if you can hear us with this horrible signal or online?
You do realize that we have a people listening online and dating Broward.
Yeah.
Because they hear it crystal-queer that way as opposed to...
That great HD audio sound that we got that we're putting out.
Broward 274, day 206, Palm Beach 125,
Florida outside of the day, Broward and Palm Beach 118, like in Okalusa.
I wonder if we have anybody listening to Kutami.
To what USA outside of Florida 91?
You want to start with those Canadian towns, man?
We got them really...
I like medicine hat myself.
Moose job.
That's where Robbie Nidomar is from and the Scott Nidomar Moose from medicine hat.
USA outside of Florida 91.
I don't listen 29.
In outer space 23, we know which 23 they are too.
I hate this poll, I 13.
They hate whatever it is.
Whatever we do, they hate it.
Canada, look how many people are listening in Canada.
Yeah.
Eight plus me.
Mexico 5, Europe 4, Africa 2.
Oh my God.
I wonder if they're in the Congo, you think?
Maybe they're in Zaire.
Africa.
Not...
Shock you?
Maybe they're in South Africa when you think?
It's a big place.
I mean, there are some civilized people living in South Africa.
That would be an Egypt.
Egypt, my ass.
Yeah, maybe Hasn't knew Mumbarak is listening.
Asia 2, Austria, you want?
The Middle East one.
South America 1, and Central America out of 904 people checking in on the survey.
None.
It's kind of like the Jerry Wichon show.
It's Chubby Checking in.
Oh hi, Jerry.
It's Chubby Checking in.
Boy, that was some really great radio, wasn't it?
No.
Wow.
Oh, those are the days, man.
WNWS, WS News.
Wow.
Here's some exciting news just in only a short while ago.
Women may buy the morning after pill.
We don't want to get too newsy on you.
Or have me sit here and read a bunch of stuff, but I will.
I already shut the monitor off.
I'm not taking any calls today.
So all you children out there that want to like play games.
George's going to be taking extra calls tomorrow.
He's going to come on a half hour early and stay till midnight.
Just so he can get all the good calls in.
Oh, boys.
Women may buy the morning after pill without a prescription,
but only with proof they're 18-year-older.
Federal Health Officials ruled today, capping a contentious tree
or effort to ease access to the emergency contraceptive.
Girl 17 and younger still need a doctor's note to buy the pills,
called Plan B, the FDA-told manufacturer,
Bar Pharmaceuticals Inc.
The compromised decision is a partial victory for women's advocacy
and medical groups that say eliminating sales restrictions could cut in half
the nation's 3 million annual unplanned pregnancies.
Folks probably not too happy about that.
Bar has said it hopes to begin non-prescription sales of Plan B by the end of the year.
The pills will be sold only.
I wonder if B stands for Bush.
Ooh, gee, that was better.
Take that back.
The pills will be sold only from behind the counter at pharmacy,
so the pharmacists can check photo ID,
but not at convenience stores or gas stations.
Speaking of gas stations, thank you again Mr. President
for those bargaining-based gas prices.
Now, do I have time now before the outbreak?
No, it's too long.
No, I'll take the break early.
No, because I got a column here on the U.S. Israeli invasion of Lesbanova by Noem Chomsky.
Well, see, I'm all Noem Chomsky up now.
I haven't watched those 2 DVDs the last two nights of his lectures at MIT
and you see Berkeley and other places, you know,
factions of intellectual activism like the University of Miami and Miami-Dade.
And FAU, all of these places on the U.S. and of course,
all the professional Zionists and Israel apologists out there
will want to turn the radio off when I read that.
Also, they'll want to turn it off when I read David Fickling's column from the Guardian
and the Stevie Port accuses Israel of war crimes.
Wouldn't be the first time, and it certainly won't be the last time.
You know, that's the first time they went into Lesbanova wasn't the first time,
but the first time they went in big time in 82, they killed 20,000 of Lesbeneas's civilians.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked them.
That's correct.
And then of course, we got to Tom Cruise business, ordered,
oh, I guess I just got time for this quick,
even before we do the break.
Oh, there it is.
He's somebody who loves me!
I think that's why I came to the workshop right away.
And I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving.
Nasbateus, Gravis, and Camberin, south.
Woohoo!
Like I said, I have no idea about her insurance.
We've made her spot to the back.
If it isn't the Aflac duck, it's the little Richard.
And then there's the one with the who's the other one, and Charles.
You know, Bissarro?
I'll say them all, yeah.
And the guy that got the movie.
He's got a little bit of a guy who's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then he's got a little Richard.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
And then that probably is the whole audience.
like maybe there are a lot of Malak or teaspoons or Penema orcm.
But by the way, Bush wanted to help a job by Nikir Agua.
They're almost nothing.
Almost nothing.
You never recognize it.
entend】 doses-really invasion of Lebanon he says
that there are many interesting interacting factors
immediate issues that lies behind the latest群
Jewish invasion of Lebanon remains I believe.
What was in the four preceding invasions the Israel-Palest이트 conflict.
And the most important case the this練
university vice president Nicola
as a war for the West Bank.
Under taking to put an end to an annoying PLO calls for a
diplomatic settlement with a secondary goal of imposing a
client regime in Lebanon.
There are numerous other illustrations, despite the many
differences in circumstances, the July 2006 invasion falls
generally to the same pattern.
Among mainstream American critics of Bush administration policies,
the favorite version is that we always had a approach conflict
between Israel and its neighbors in a balanced way, assuming
that we could be a catalyst for an agreement.
But Bush, who regrettably abandoned that neutral stance,
causing great problems for the U.S.,
Middle East Specialist and former diplomat Edward Walker,
are leading moderate to that.
The actual record is quite different.
For over 30 years, watching this unilaterally barred
a peaceful political settlement with only slight and brief
deviations, the consistent rejectionism can be traced back
to the February 71 Egyptian offer of full peace treaty with Israel
in the terms of official U.S. policy offering nothing for
the Palestinians.
Israel understood that this peace offer would from an end to
any security threat, but the government decided to reject
security in favor of expansion, then mostly in the northeastern
Sinai.
Washington supported Israel's stand adhering to Kissinger's
principle of stalemate, force, not diplomacy.
It was only eight years later after a terrible war in great
suffering that Washington agreed to Egypt's demand for withdrawal
from its territory.
Meanwhile, the Palestinian issue had entered the international
agenda and abroad international consensus had crystallized in
favor of a two-state settlement on the free June 67 border
perhaps with minor and mutual adjustments.
In December 75, the U.S. Security Council agreed to consider
a resolution proposed by the Arab confrontation states with
these provisions, also incorporating the basic wording of
UN242.
The U.S. veto of the resolution.
Israel's reaction was to bomb Lebanon, killing over 50 people
in Natavia, calling the attack preventative, presumably to
prevent the UN session, which Israel boycotted.
The only significant exception to consistent U.S.
Israeli rejectionism was in January 2001 when Israeli and
Palestinian negotiators came close to agreement in Taba.
But the negotiations were called off by Israeli Prime Minister
Barack for days early and being that promising effort.
Unaffircial but high-level negotiations continued leading
to the Geneva Accord of December 2002 with similar proposals.
It was welcomed by most of the world but rejected by Israel
and dismissed by Washington and reflexively the U.S.
media and intellectual classes.
Meanwhile, U.S.
backed Israeli settlement and infrastructure programs have
been creating facts on the ground in order to undermine
potential realization of Palestinian national rights.
Throughout the Oslo years, these programs continued steadily
with a sharp peak in 2000 Clintons final year and Iraq's.
The current euphemism for these programs is disengagement
from Gaza and convergence of the West Bank in Western rhetoric,
A. Hood Olmert's courageous program overdraw from the occupied
territories, the reality as usual is quite different.
The Gaza disengagement was openly announced as a West Bank
expansion plan.
Having turned Gaza into a disaster area,
St. Israel's radio hawks realized that there was no point
leaving a few thousand settlers taking the best land and
scare resources protected by a large part of the IDF.
It made more sense to send them to the West Bank and go on
heights where new settlement programs were announced while
turning Gaza into the world's largest prison as Israeli human
rights groups accurately call it.
West Bank convergence formalizes these programs of annexation,
Cantonization, and imprisonment.
With decisive U.S. support, Israel is annexing valuable lands
and the most important resources of the West Bank,
primarily water, while carrying out settlement and
infrastructure products that divide the shrinking Palestinian
territories into unviable Cantons virtually separated from one
another and from whatever pitiful corner of Jerusalem will be
left to the Palestinians.
All are to be imprisoned as Israel takes over the Jordan Valley
and of course any other access to the outside world.
All of these programs are recognized to be illegal in violation
of numerous Security Council resolutions and the unanimous
decision of the World Court any part of the separation wall
that is built to defend the settlements is if so
fax away legal.
Hence about 80 to 85 percent of the wall is illegal as is
the entire convergence program.
But for a self-designated outlaw state and its clients,
such factors are minor irrelevances.
Currently the U.S. and Israel demand that Hamas accept the
2002 Arab League Beirut proposal for full normalization of relations
with Israel after withdrawal and accorded with the international
consensus.
The proposal is long been accepted by the PLO.
It has also been formally accepted by the supreme leader of Iran,
Ayatollah, Khamenei, Sahih Hassan, Ezraala also made a
claim that Hezbollah would not disrupt such an agreement if
it is accepted by the Palestinians.
Hamas is repeatedly indicated its rolling through
negotiating these terms.
The facts are doctrinally unacceptable, hence mostly suppressed.
What we see instead is the stern warning to Hamas by the
editors of New York Times that their formal agreement to the Beirut
peace plan is an admission ticket to the real world, a necessary
right of passage in the progression from a lawless opposition to a
lawful government.
Like others, the New York Times editors fail to mention that the
U.S. and Israel forcefully reject this proposal and are alone in doing so among
relevant factors.
Actors.
Furthermore, they rejected not merely rhetoric but far more importantly
indeed.
We see it once who constitutes the lawless opposition and who speaks
for them, but that conclusion cannot be expressed even
entertained in respectable circles.
The only meaningful support for Palestinians facing national
destructives from Hezbollah.
For this reason alone it follows that Hezbollah must be severely
weakened or destroyed, this is the PLO had to be evicted from Levin
on 82.
But Hezbollah is too deeply embedded within Levinese society to be
eradicated, so Levinon 2 must be largely destroyed.
And it's quite the benefit for the U.S. and Israel was to enhance
the credibility of threats against Iran by eliminating a Levinese
based deterrent to a possible attack.
But none of this turned out as planned.
Much is in Iraq and elsewhere, Bush administration planners have
created catastrophes even for the interest they represent.
That's the primary reason for the unprecedented criticism of the
administration among foreign policy elite even before the invasion
of Iraq.
In the background, life far more reaching and lasting concerns to
ensure what is called stability in the reigning ideology,
stability in simple words means obedience.
Stabilities undermined by states that not strictly follow orders,
secular nationalist Islamist or non-under control, in contrast
of course with Saudi monarchy, the oldest and most valuable U.S.
ally is fine, etc.
Such destabilizing forces are especially dangerous when their programs
are attracted to others in which case they're called viruses that
must be destroyed.
Stability is enhanced by loyal client states.
Since 1967, it's been assumed that Israel can play this role along
with other peripheral states.
Israel has virtually become an offshore U.S. military base in high
tech center, the natural consequence of its rejection of security
and favorer expansion in 71 and repeatedly since.
These policies are subject to little internal debate whoever holds
state power.
The policies extend worldwide and in the Middle East are
significance is enhanced by one of the leading principles of foreign
policy in since World War II and for Britain before that to ensure
control over Middle East energy resources, recognize for 60 years
to be a stupendous source of strategic power and one of the greatest
material prizes in world history.
The standard Western version is that the July 2006 invasion was
justified by legitimate outrage over the capture of two Israeli
soldiers at the border, the Pacti-Racinical Fraud.
The U.S. and Israel and the West generally have little objection
to capture of soldiers, reaching to the far more severe crime of kidnapping
civilians and of course killing civilians.
That had been Israeli practice in Lebanon for many years and no one ever
suggested that Israel should therefore be invaded and largely destroyed.
Western citizen was revealed with even more dramatic clarity as the
current upsurge of violence erupted after Palestinian militants captured
in Israeli soldier Gila al-Shalit on June 25.
That two are listed at huge outrage and support for Israel sharp escalation
of its murderous assault on Gaza.
The scale is reflected in casualties.
In June 36 Palestinian civilians were killed in Gaza.
In July the number is more than quadrupled to over 170 of the dozens of
them children.
The Pacti-Racinical Fraud was again demonstrated dramatically and
conclusively by the reaction to Israel's kidnapping of two Gaza
civilians, the Muammar brothers, one day before on June 24.
They disappeared into Israel's prison system, joining hundreds of
others imprisoned without charge, hence kidnapped as are many of
those sentenced on dubious charges.
There was some brief and dismissive mention of the kidnapping of the
Muammar brothers, but no reaction, except because such crimes are considered
legitimate would carried out by our side.
The idea that this crime would justify a murderous assault on Israel would have
been regarded as a reversion to Nazism.
The distinction is clear and familiar throughout history.
The paraphrase to this Thucydides, the powerful are in tell of the do as they wish
while the weak suffer as they must.
We should not overlook the progress that's been made in undermining the
imperial mentality that so deeply rooted in Western moral and intellectual
culture is to be beyond awareness.
Nor should we forget the scale of what remains to be achieved.
Past, it must be undertaken in solidarity and cooperation by people in
North and South who work to see a more decent and civilized world.
So wrote, Noam Chomsky, April 9, August 19.
On the US's really invasion of Lisbon, Lisbon.
Is that chifstal on the air in Channel 4?
I bet you is.
But we're still looking at all that Lisbon on stuff.
I don't know.
Only in South Florida, baby.
A major market.
Bush league, baby.
Bush league, minor league, little league, even a little league kids, man.
Lamp their ass off when you're messing South Florida.
They're just chuckling in the pupil of the storm.
Speaking of chuckling in pupil of the story, I discovered yesterday.
I don't think I ever played this before if I can find the damn thing.
I don't think I ever played this before if I can find the damn thing.
I got that.
That's Jackie Abale.
Hello.
I know it's not Jackie Abale.
Jackie Abale.
Who's that?
Jackie Quinn.
Is that it?
I can talk.
That's her, yeah.
That sounds like Scotty Mack.
Listen.
I can talk.
It doesn't, either that or Barbara Star or Hank.
I'm hyperfinal.
Oh, that's right.
And now Scotty Mack was much higher in higher registers.
I just want to die.
Oh no.
Jackie Quinn.
I think.
I don't know, Jackie Quinn.
I didn't know, God.
I forget.
I'm sorry to say sorry.
Sorry, Jackie.
I forgot your last name.
We had so many of these people.
How about Arlene Wolf?
I wonder what she's doing.
The big bad wolf.
How about Mike Wolf?
Didn't the runner think Wolf get the candidate?
I just had that as a dream.
As a wishful guy.
I don't know.
I didn't keep track of it.
Yeah, she got candid, cheap channel.
But the assassin people, he's there still there school in the places.
Maybe he and Greg Reid could get together from a consulting group.
Or just like a group group.
Where are you usually when you listen to the award your show in the radio on the radio on the pot or online?
We got 973 people have checked in.
And every place we got on here has got at least one.
Aren't you excited about that?
The real thing about this pressure knowing that there are people all over the globe.
And of course you got a credit for the tremendous QA and publicity staff for making this show so popular all around the world.
Growered in even 300.
They'd to to to.
Look at those numbers, man.
300 and to to to.
Palm Beach 132.
Florida outside of Dave Rodden Palm Beach 127.
The US outside of Florida 94 all over the place.
I don't listen 33.
But you better start.
In outer space 25.
I hit this totally 13.
Canada still 9.
Me and eight other canucks.
Mexico 5.
I think we got to start putting a Mexico line.
Oh yeah.
Europe 4.
Africa 2.
Asia 2.
Central America dose.
And one in Australia.
The Middle East and South America.
I think there's some slop over there in Middle East and Asia.
Oh man.
They'll say that.
What?
Slop?
Some slop over.
Oh.
Oh, don't say slop when you're talking about joy.
This is Neil Rodden.
What's slop?
This is 5.
Mexico 12.
H conocer.
I think bring it home.
Yam-jung Sema is going to the seaside in LA.
IRON will last up the Click Edit.
And park the Lag hug- chemin with our friend.
For me, the girls have probably never got slammed.
Melissa O'MAX
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
I know it's okay.
There's a lot of other stereotypes on there to reinforce people's preconceived notion in the basket.
We've got 1,000 people checked in.
Now let's look at the bottom.
One from Australia, in the Middle East, and one from South America, two from Central America, two from Asia, two from Africa, four from Europe, five Mexico, and nine Canada still.
Those are the ones we care about.
Right? Right.
We'll all respect to our Florida people who cares about them.
David Fickling and the Guardian writes, and the Steve report accuses Israel of war crimes.
Has that got to be more anti-Semitic propaganda, wouldn't you think?
I'm sure it is.
Israel deliberately targeted civilian infrastructure and committed war crimes during the month-long conflict in Lebanon, according to an Amnesty International report.
The report said strikes on civilian buildings and structures went beyond collateral damage and amounted to indiscriminate and disproportionate attacks under the Jumid conventions on the laws of war.
Kate Gilmore, the Amnesty Executive Deputy Secretary General, said the bombardment of power and water plants and transport links, was deliberate and an integral part of a military strategy.
Israel's assertion that the attacks on infrastructure were lawful is manifestly wrong, she said.
Many of the violations identified in the report are war crimes.
The pattern, scope, and scalability of tax-make, because Israel's plan that this was collateral damage, simply not credible is what she said.
Thank you, buddy.
Yeah, that's it.
Amnesty called for an official UN inquiry into human rights violations on both sides of the conflict.
The report's authors described the destructive up to 90% of some towns and villages in southern Lasbian, releasing aerial photographs that showed the roof southern dahi advantage.
The district had been transformed from a bustling suburb into a gray wasteland, a gray wasteland.
Well, they should have attacked them.
In village after village, the pattern was similar.
The streets, especially the main streets, were scarred with artillery craters along their length reports.
In some cases, cluster bombing, tax were identified.
Houses were singled out for precision-guided missile attack were destroyed.
Totally or partially as a result.
Business premises, such as supermarkets or food stores and auto service stations and petrol stations were targeted.
Often with precision-guided munitions and artillery that started fires and destroyed their contents.
Israel launched more than 7,000 arrests against Lebanon during the 34-day war, and naval vessels launched 2500 shells.
About a third of the 1183 people killed and lovied on were children, while 4,054 people were injured, and 970,000 just under a million displaced, repuees.
Lebanese estimates suggest that 30,000 houses along with up to 120 bridges, 94 roads, 25 fuel stations, 900 businesses, and a partridge in a pair of tree were destroyed.
Two hospitals were destroyed, three other severely damaged, while 31 vital points such as airports, ports, water and sewage, treatment plants, electrical facilities were also completely or partially destroyed.
Tia, I can't understand why they hate us, you know?
And so say, us and the Israel and the US, they're letting you can't separate the heaters for our freedom.
The overall cost of the damage amounted to $3.5 billion.
Around 4,000 hisvala rockets were fired at northern Israel during the conflict, killing around 40 civilians.
Up to 300,000 people in northern Israel were driven into bomb-shoulders by the fighting, and 117 soldiers died.
The MSD reports that, and by the way, that 117 soldiers would be the equivalent of like 5,000 American soldiers based on a population.
Okay.
The MSD reports that Israeli military policy seemed directly to destroying Lebanese property support for hisvala, attacked it prohibited by the Geneva conventions.
The widespread destruction in addition to several statements by Israeli officials suggest a policy of punishing both Lebanese government and the civilian population in an effort to get them to turn against hisvala.
But it actually worked really well, didn't it? Just like a charm, they don't exist anymore.
Red Cross officials recorded saying that people left behind in inaccessible villages in southern Lebanon have been unable to get a hold of fresh water.
Refugees from the border village have remised to have told Red Cross delegates that locals had to drink foul water from an irrigation ditch to stay alive.
The reports allegation of disproportionate action echoes comments made during the conflict by international observers, including French, Russian and EU officials and UN humanitarian chief, John Eglund.
However, the British government avoided the term which could be considered an accusation of war crimes, although the former Foreign Secretary Jack Straugh and the conservative Foreign Affairs spokesman William Hague both used that term.
Okay. What's this facts? From Elaine Balasco, she says, I worked in the University of Pennsylvania with Noam Chomsky, even back then he was a voice for justice. I'm old too, but I love your program.
Thank you, Elaine. We're all old, honey. We are really old, man. Old farts. There's nothing like...
You know, back in the day I used to make fun of all the old people now, I'm not one of them. I'll never be one of them.
I won't. No, you have to take surly lessons. You have to be of a certain character and you have to...
Like I've always said, those people were nasty and mean and rotten and when they were young. They didn't change.
You just chronologically, that's all. They were probably opening their neighbor's mail when they were 20.
Get out of here, sonny. It's our time. Get out of here. What do you want? That's it done. I got blue lips stocked done.
What am I going to do? Mind call for me to today.
My grandmother used to say that when she had a headache. Who knows what she was talking about.
My grandmother used to call my aunt the Mushugany. My mother used to tell me that every time I go to one, she was sister the Mushugany.
But two of them were like oil and water. Oh, sorry, Rita.
A thousand and eighteen votes on the... Well, they're not votes. They're like...
We've got to have like 50,000 on here, wouldn't you think? I imagine.
One of these days you're going to explain to me how that works. In other words, if you have AOL and there's anybody within a 75 block radius who tries to get under, you can't vote on the polls and how it is.
Right. Something like that. So let's just multiply it by 75. We've got 75,000 people checking so far.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
You better be still and better be still.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
You better be still and better be still.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
I'll never leave you. I'll never leave you.
Anyway, for George's a year-ish vocabulary cup baitic, I can't believe I let all these years go by without teaching that one.
I'm going to write it down.
Hey, hey.
And how do we spell it phonetically?
Oh, COP like cup.
Cup. I don't know. How do I have, I don't know.
Baked?
Vedic.
Vedic.
V-A-I-T-I-C.
How do I have it when you spell it when you spell it when you finish?
I'm telling you, phonetically, like, I'll shmank you again.
If you spelled it phonetically, that's what I want.
So I can be heard.
Cup baitic.
Cup baitic.
And even Josh could say it.
All right.
Come on, Josh.
Cup baitic.
That was in Russian.
Rhymes with prosthetic.
Hey, Neil, couldn't you give a little kissy kissy-bitty Israel and stuff with these stories?
No.
No. I'm getting a cup baitic from people like that.
The professional Israel defenders all the time.
In fact, I wasn't even going to read this story.
I've got such a pile here.
Too bad I had to reach over a long time ago and shut up at home, my monitor.
Robert Fisk in the independent UK, right?
See, this is the thing.
American media is a bunch of crap.
If you want to get it, find anything that's going on in the world.
Go online.
Do a little research.
Otherwise, just watch the American media and get a little bit of a joke on.
They take that over too.
I'm going to take a listen.
See, there you go.
Can you see what's going on?
Okay.
There we go.
There's a note left.
Markov is going.
And note what's left in your daughter.
Yeah.
Hold her.
Hold her.
Hold her.
Hold her.
Hold her.
Hold her.
She is a Pazzi.
Anyway, untold stir of the massacre of Marjaun leaves blame on both sides of the border rights
rubber.
Who has that photo before lives in Lesbonne?
Okay.
He says there are, this is written yesterday.
There are a few marks on the road where the missile sent the innocence of Marjaun.
But there are the memories of what happened immediately after the Israeliirstrike.
On the convoy of 3,000 people after dark on August 11th.
A 16-year-old Christian girl screaming, I want my daddy is her father's mutilated body
lay a few meters away from her.
The town looked at our discovery that his wife, Colored, had been decapitated by one
of the Israeli missiles.
The Lebanese Red Cross volunteer who went into the darkness of wartime, levied on to give
water and sandwiches to the refugees, it was cut down by another missile, and whose
friends couldn't reach him to save his life.
There were those who break down when they recall the massacre at a Jewb Janine, and then there
are the Israelis who gave permission to the refugees to leave Marjaun, who specified
what roads they should use, and who then attacked them with parteless missile firing drone
aircraft.
Five days after being asked to account for the tragedy, as the last night still had
above the resplendent how they killed at least seven refugees and one of 36 others, just
three days before the UN ceasefire came into effect.
It is one of the untold stories of the Israeli-Histband War.
There are others, infinitely more bloody, but the ultimate tragedy of these largely Christian
refugees involved a raft of Lebanese officers and ministers, the Prime Minister of Lebanon,
the U.S. ambassador in the Israeli Defense Ministry.
It all began in August 10 when the Israeli states a small ground offensive into Lebanon
after a month of massive bombing of Lebanese villages in the South.
Brigadier General Adnan Daoud, commanding a Miss Force of 350 Lebanese paramilitary police
and soldiers at the barracks in the pretty Christian town of Marjaun, found a man at the
gate at 9 a.m.
And his radio officer, calling himself Colonel Ayasha.
Brigadier General Daoud, whose men were not fighting the Israelis, called the Lebanese
Interior Minister Ahmed Fatbad, FAT, FAT.
Okay.
I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it, but I can't resist.
Ahmed Fatbad, who endorsed Fatbads word Daoud's decision to let him in.
Ayasha has been four hours looking around the barracks to assure himself that there were
no Hezbollah members there, then he left.
Daoud put a white flag on the guard house.
But a four-pian that afternoon, an Israeli tanky, that approached the barracks and started
to shoot their way in.
Daoud, again, was told by Fatbad.
Fatbad, the Israelis who, according to Daoud, informed him where the occupiers and were
in charge.
And his really officer then locked Daoud into a room.
Thousands of Christians in Marjouin now feared for their lives.
According to several aid workers, Hezbollah were firing rockets from behind the town's
hospital, which was immediately abandoned by the lesbianies Red Cross.
The inhabitants believed with good reason that Hezbollah's missile would be redirected
from Israel on the Marjouin itself, now that the town had been taken over by Israeli troops
and tanks.
Locked in his room, Daoud now calls Fatbad again.
And Fatbad called the Lebanese Prime Minister Fowitz and Eure, who by chance was talking
US ambassador to Beirut Jeffrey Feltman.
Feltman, he divided the State Department directly to the US Embassy in Tel Aviv, told
his diplomats to call the Israeli defense ministry, and they swiftly reply that there
should be no Israeli troops and droughts of barracks, but the Israelis in Marjouin refused
to believe what Daoud told them.
Marjouin's inhabitants, however, were now in a state of panic, and they would call Fatbad
at 7 p.m.
to start arranging for refugee convoy north from Marjouin to Beirut.
The lesbianies government, according to Fatbad, called you in command and said 11 on
it at 5 a.m.
and then they're stay August 11 to seek clearance from the Israelis to allow the thousands
of refugees to be convoyed north.
The UN, according to the government of Beirut, subsequently notified general Al-Burman
Shiaidi, assistant to the head of Lebanese military intelligence, that the convoy had
permission from the Israelis to travel.
Two UN armored vehicles, screwed by Indian troops, subsequently turned up in Marjouin to
find at least 3,000 people, including she and Muslim refugees from the surrounding
devastated villages waiting to leave.
We had a total agreement they would go on to the Bekhov Valley, and from Elaine Pellegrini
you went command or Fatbad said the road was also agreed.
But there were delays, part of the road ahead had been heavily bombed, had to be repaired.
It was 4 p.m. before the convoy crept slowly out of Marjouin, about 350 soldiers in the
lead.
The UN vehicles then abandoned the convoyed, housed by other northern limit of UN operations,
leaving the refugee dangerously exposed.
You went at already warned the Lebanese authorities that it was too late for the convoy
to leave.
They went so slowly I was enraged to relieve worker recalls, people at friendly villages
would come out and give the refugees food and water, and want to talk to them and people
would stop to read old friends as if this was tourism.
The convoy was only going at 5 miles an hour, was getting dark.
The 3000 refugees now trailed up to the Bekhov after nightfall, were approaching the ancient
Kif Fria of vineyards at Joub Janine when disaster struck them at 8 p.m.
The first bomb hit the second car reported for Reuters said, I was halfway back down the
road my friend, Ely Salami was standing there, or Salami in Fatbad asking me if I had any
spare gasoline.
That's when the second missile struck and Ely's head and shoulders were blown away.
His daughter Salia 16 and she jumped from the car and cried out, I want my daddy but
he was gone.
Speaking of the killings yesterday, this Reuters reporter breaks down in cries.
He tried to carry his arthritic mother from his own car but she complained that he was
hurting her so he put her back on the passenger seat and sat beside her waiting for a violent
death which mercifully never came.
But it did arrive for Carlot Al-Rachad, wife of the Mooktar who was beheaded in her
Cherokee Jeep and for a member of the Tata family from Deir Mimoss and two other refugees
and for a lemonade soldier in 35-year-old Michael Javaili, the Red Cross volunteer from
Mazali who was blasted in the Irwin-A-Rocket exploded behind him.
There was panickedly, Marjoon Mayor said many people drove away, they had clearance, everything
should have been okay.
If Hensville was supposed to be carrying weapons at night, they would have been traveling
in the opposite direction.
Who threw the drones and his really soldier of the invasion force, a nameless officer in
the Israeli Defense Ministry in Tel Aviv, the Israeli's newest civilian combo was on the
road, yet they sent their pilotless machines to attack it.
Why?
As of last night, the Israeli Defense Ministry had not responded to inquiries from reporters
who asked for the insular strike.
I like that.
Those people fit in the attack, Israel.
Yeah, those damn lesbianies, man.
Here's a fact from Professor Alex.
Hey, I got news for you, man.
Who needs known, Tronsky, when we got Professor Alex P.A.
Weenie, weenie, weenie.
Mr. Rogers, are the days full, please, say, oh yeah, right, date my am, Miami day.
Now, we don't do Miami day, no, we can break the news today.
We don't recognize Miami.
No, we do not recognize Miami day.
We know it's a foreign country and we recognize Dave County.
It's been that way for like over a hundred years.
That's right.
When Hensville, it wasn't Henry Flagler had something to do with that?
Henry Flagler?
He might have.
Yeah, they explained it.
He said I've been working on the railroad, something like that.
The professor had a good explanation.
Oh, it says here, Dave was created in 1836.
It was named for Mayor Francis L. Day, the soldier killed in 1835, and the second seminal
war, what has since been named the Dave battlefield.
The county seat was originally at Indian key in the Florida Keys.
But on July 22nd, 1997, the change from day to Miami day, thank you for your assistance
with this matter.
And as a picture of Professor Alex Weenie, a painting, former Dave Mayor, now St. Thomas
University Professor of Teachers undergraduates, and a senior fellow and professor of Public
Policy.
I'll screw you, Alex, okay?
And get that stuff carried off your shoulders.
Oh, it's not a parent, it's Juan Manieta, who was here the other day.
He was?
Yeah, killer, right?
I'm here.
What was he doing there?
He was doing one.
That's seriously, that's it.
And then he was cutting a PSA or something for someone.
Wow.
He was cutting the cheese.
Stopped him to say hi.
Wow, good thing he didn't do that when he was on Alex Point of Eden.
He was using shoulders.
Wanted me to give you his love.
Well, I got it right here in the basket.
I don't remember what he looked like.
I'll send it to you.
No, probably old and ugly now anyway.
Yes.
160 hosts on the pool on the survey.
Why do I keep saying that on the pool?
Oh, there's that cell out, the dark, complex it got.
What else is his name?
That one in the middle around MSNBC?
No, I'm just still alive.
Oh, my God.
Well, what's worse, cell out, Jews are cell out of blacks.
I think cell out of blacks are the absolute...
Don't make me choose.
So, period.
Two Jews.
Well, you will.
Oh, it's Armstrong Williams, another right wing self-hating black guy.
Oh, my God.
And who's that ex-Jock from Oklahoma?
What's his name, my gosh, that the black ex-Jock?
Oh, that black ex-Jock from Oklahoma.
Get out of here, you're a sinner.
Well, now what did he say again?
Cump, feet, feet, feet.
I'm going to hear you say it again.
Well, say it one more time and I'll try to pronounce it.
Cump, Vatik.
Cump, Vatik.
That's a little bit of a joke.
That's a little bit of a joke right there.
What are you usually...
Where are you usually idiot?
Where are you usually when you listen to the Eurogist show either on the year over the
horrible old fashioned radio or online?
1060 people have checked in.
George says that means we got two million people listening.
Broward 324, date 251, Palm Beach 145.
Well, I've figured.
Outside of those three counties in Florida, 134.
Like, you know, Tallahatchee.
What's the name of the bridge in the Old Debiligio, the Tallahatchee Bridge?
Tallahatchee.
How do you like that?
What a memory.
Is there such a place where there's enough stream from Anttri?
I don't know.
Do you remember his last name?
USA outside of Florida, 108.
I don't listen to 34.
They both check our website.
They don't listen.
In outer space, 27, we believe you.
I hate this poll only 14.
10 of the 10.
How do you like that?
There's a Bobby Dentry on Capitol Records.
Old Debiligio.
Okay, that's enough of that thing.
You see that movie Robbie Benson was in it and he doesn't see what.
It was some guy.
He pitched the tent.
I don't know.
Yeah, and he's definitely, now who played the, his girlfriend?
Who else was in it?
Oh, I'm gonna have to Google that.
Oh, that's bad.
You're supposed to know these things.
I know.
Oh, you know what movie was on last night?
I give up.
Oh, what the hell's it called?
The neighbor with Rod Steiger.
Did you ever see that?
It's only got two stars on the thing there.
Oh, that's so familiar.
I've never seen that.
We played the crazy doctor, you know, and he was the next to a neighbor.
That's something very familiar.
Maybe.
Uh-huh.
It was the neighbor that's good.
Canada 10, Mexico, Cinco, Cinque, Europe 4, Central America 3.
Oh, my God, we're moving up into Guiseg Elpa.
The Middle East to Africa, to Asia, to Australia, one in South America,
so I meant to know.
This is New Raj, coming to Alaska.
This is five.
It's a little bit more.
It's a little bit more.
It's a little bit more.
It's a little bit more.
For our brand new line of stars, the next Monday, August 28th.
Mark that down on your wrist.
Okay, like in Momento.
Am I right?
The next Monday, August 28th.
That's right.
Coming up.
The day that it'll live in for me.
Where George go?
I probably take it to Duke's.
Oh, no.
And an ace in a trace is what I'm hearing.
Hey, listen, if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy or your kids are going back to school,
you've got to make sure you're sleeping on a really great quality mattress.
And if you want to get one of the price that you can afford and get delivery that a second
to none in the world, I'd call our good friends at Dollar Mattress 1-800-Mattress.
They can recommend a mattress for kids of any age and of course for you adults as well.
Have a new bed delivered date and time you choose any day, seven days away from 8am to 10pm.
It's so easy even a child can do.
It just makes that call right now and pick the time it's convenient for you when you're
going to be home.
Noon to two, three to five, four, twenty seven to six, twenty seven, etc.
And they'll show up on time.
They can even deliver your mattress the same day that you call, especially like if you call right now.
You can be sleeping like a baby tonight.
You can't beat this anyway around any time I've needed new mattress for years and years.
I just sit there and make one easy call off my fat old ass.
Call 1-800-Mattress right now.
Get the best prices and the best selection of the top names like Ceely and Cervin's King Quoil.
It's never been a Sterns and Foster.
He would all be the top names too.
Check for low prices on their website at mattress.com or better yet.
Call dial a mattress right now.
And like I said, they'll be not going on your door no time at all.
1-800-Mattress, 1-800-MAT-TRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stoop and the Savior.
Want a lollipop little boy?
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you're here.
Our prize, I'll be jacked up by the seven servants.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing out my clothes and the offer is acquired now.
She'll be singing away.
Sing to your show.
Let's find my prize for making the house safe.
Sing to your show.
Let's find my prize for making the house safe.
Sing to your show.
Let's find my prize for making the house safe.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be ready to pray.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, right.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
This is Dick Keney.
I'd like to relax my heavy bearing, Magnol, and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
Beep, beep, beep.
Celebrity justice.
Dick, what happened?
The group of us had hunted all day on Saturday.
Uh-huh.
So, Harris got in there.
He was dressed in orange.
I turned and shot a parry.
He was struck in the right side of his face.
And he was, I'm sure stunned, how does that?
You think?
It's the first time I ever hunted a parry.
What?
There's no, uh, it's not Harris fault.
I guess not.
The other hunter and I then, um, we were hunting in quail.
We walked about a hundred yards in another direction.
He just got a bird.
You guys continued to hunt?
Exactly. That's what we did.
What was Harry doing?
Waiting, uh, basically.
What were you thinking?
I had no idea. Celebrity justice.
All right, yeah.
The things you mean the present were mine
There kept me in a culture in the wars
You put them off, O our everyday there
We should be in all our might out the door
Who's the man who I ever know and who I know
Who I have shall who I be my foresaw
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war
I'm tired of the air, that's just me, where is it from my hands?
I'm tired of the air, that's just me, where is it from my hands?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war
Who do all men have to take a better way?
I'm tired of the air, that's just me, where is it from my hands?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Why we have to send our men to war?
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
We're in the back, we can't withstand in the storm
Anyway, it's a trouble, I haven't even given the line up for it
Let's move on to Monday
No, seriously, we've got to move on to Bigger, we've got Bigger Fish to Fry come Monday
Let's see tomorrow morning, get all these back on me and we'll...
All of these things
That's not good
Curtis Stevens and 2-4 this afternoon, mad dog from Cornice Clubhouse Grill
That ought to be a thrill between 4 and 7
Why is there an asterisk on that? That's a revision
So you've got to put an asterisk next to it?
What an idiot, that's a telemetry
You know the difference, the real idiots
This has been changed
Hurricane Highline at GameWorks 7-9, the Beast at GameWorks 9-10
The Beast is on here, what does that tell you?
80k10, no ball game today
What did I tell you Josh about the marlins would sweep the nats?
Yeah, and they did
Although that final score there, man, I'd looked at it with 9-2
And all of a sudden I see the final is 9-7
I've got a little scary there, Kevin
Yeah, not good
But they swept the nats, and like I also told you, if you took all the wins out of the win column against the nats in the pirates
They'd be like 700 games under 500
Yes
And speaking of marginal team, what a brewers coming to town in the tomorrow night
Wow
There should be one hell of a sit down audience for that, you know?
I'm guessing like 600 people
6-6-7 people
Who got lost somewhere on the turnpike, made a bad right turn there
Oh, we're at the stadium, I was going to see a ball again
What section you won?
So the marlins play
And the only I believe, 6 games under 500 now, am I right about that?
Yes, you are 5 and a half back
Woo!
5 and a half out of a vial car, that is pathetic
Although they do have 422 teams ahead of them between them and the reds
Washburn, Missouri, the minister of a rural Ozark's church, his wife and her two brothers, have been accused of molesting young girls from their congregation for years, sometimes as part of religious ritual official said
Oh, yeah, given a good old time religion
It makes me dance in my pants
The county prosecutor says that Reverend Raymond Lambert 51
I wonder if he's related to Bill Landbird as the old harness driver
Raymond Lambert, I wonder if he's kind of curly Lambert, he was a horse at Suffolk Downs in Rockingham Park
Curly Lambert, I believe driven by Tug Boid or Bucky Day
What do we, well how did you get me off of that again?
Tug Boid, sorry, Tug Boatman
The county prosecutor said that Reverend Raymond Lambert 51
A grand valley independent Baptist church, we repeatedly had sex with two underage girls
Oh my God
With the help of his 49 year old wife, Patty, a coin of court records
She helped?
She helped, she got help, gave a helping hand
He gave a helping lamb and she gave a helping hand
For 10 years the pastor told the girls were preparing your body for the serviced a god
The prosecutor's a god
Oh no, how do you like that?
How come they can't prepare some choice people for service to
Oh God
Well I guess they have recently, but probably not enough, never enough
Patent when you're a pervert, Patty Lambert's brothers Paul Epling 53 and Tom Epling 51
are each accused of repeatedly having sex with girls as young as the age of four
in the late 70s and early 80s
Okay, the minister of a rural Ozark church in Washburn, Missouri, this is his family
All four defendants face molested and saturday charges
What did I say?
molesting
The attorney said they didn't have the allegations
All four turned themselves in Monday were released on bond
They preliminary hearing scheduled October the 2 to see where the formal charges will be filed
Or maybe just informal
Lambert's church is on a property owned by the Epling brothers
And houses up to 100 people on 100 acre farm in western MacDonald County
They refer to it as a compound
Sheriff Deputy Michael LaSour said
The compound is behind a gate marked Grand Valley farm on a gravel road about 13 miles west of the small town of Washburn
This kind of sounds like what's going on in a entry
Or maybe just what was going on up there in the woods with Ned Beatty
The gate was barred with no trespassing signs on Wednesday in attorney Robert W. Evans and said
The four would not speak to reporters
This is a matter of facts for the court not people opinion he said
They just want to keep it in the family I guess and as students are random with that
I mean Susan yeah Susan what's your name?
Not students are right as the corny we would say
Oh nice trailer
Where do I get students are random from?
I don't know
Too much of that left wing propaganda I always share it with him Robert
That's what happened when I read that article by Noam Chomsky
See they can't accuse him of being anti-Semitic
There's no more Jewish than Noam Chomsky I'll tell you that
Especially with a name like that
You know what it could be any more Jewish if they called him Chomsky you know what I'm saying?
I say as a Chazarai
It's like a Ruski to me
As a special Chazarai
There you take no gifts
There you see Mel Gibson all I could say
I don't think I have more rights
1213 at 560 WQM all the tribes all the bubble mice these all the Getskis all the time
Like I've always told you it's a war of headgear man
Who's got the best headgear?
Is it the Orthodox Jews? Is it the Muslims?
Is it the who else is the Catholic bishops in the Pope?
Is it the priests?
Huh?
It's the poor young kids being slept in Hebrew school to study their bar mitzvah masters
So they can go and say today I am a fountain pen or whatever they say
But you're a crap man
All new kids out there when your parents try to indoctrinate you with this garbage
Just to um cut the crap that's it
1213 at QAM Stokey's continued to be soft-flotus top cigar shop
It was one of the broadest inventories containing an outstanding selective
Over a thousand open boxes of cigars
All the top names that all cigar kind of swears know and love like
Perdomal, Ashton V.S.G. or Tiro Fuente, Padrone, Monaco Cristo, Romeo and Juliet and lots more waiting for you at Stoys
Also on top of that not just your everyday names
But special hard to find an obscure cigar as you won't find any place else
Are waiting for you right there in the shop
Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds and stick around a while
And enjoy your smooth smoke at Stoys line lounge featuring Pierre Andre, a hundred percent peanut noir
Even John Mark whatever his card didn't get to drink that on the Thai airline plane
Pierre Andre, and many other fine wines from around the world
How is the duck John? Don't choke on the duck, that's awfully fanny man
Stokey's is located at one 1612 North Kendall drives just to have my Easter egg
Can you imagine his cholesterol when zooming up after that flight?
Stokey's is at one 1612 North Kendall drives just to have my Easter eggs at 20 out of the turn
By open every day, seven days a week for your smoking and dining and dancing pleasure
Call the day to reserve a box of your favorite cigars at Stokey's they got on them if you want them
305-598-98020 and when you stop into the shop, be sure and say hi to Mary on the Girlstand or in Heather
And I'll give you a free one on a cigar too
That Stokey's at one 1612 North Kendall drive, 305-598-980
This is Neil Roger, this is 516 QA-8
What would you want to have?
We're at the bus reporter's dog
K, they keep that down, we're at the bus reporter's dog
So where it lets me and not
After rest of the meal come help yourself to hold them warm
I hope they don't break their turn
Trainers like them to don't ever
Maybe they'll get never done
Or study not teachers, not them all until they're gone
The stack their asses down
These have ducks for boxes of space
And why does that stuff fit in their face?
And cultures got to go and no more kids were all alone
Big shots went there here at home
You ain't probably can't stop
How they know when the ground troops know
You see real war and clothes
The war would be a safer place
If you take them all away
Thank you and by the way
Kill the right me
Stop them again to kidnap his ass
And we'll flip free while they're at it
Guess what? I got some bad news for all you astronomers out there
They had a wild time about this
I guess they had a big concertoops about this
The meeting of the International Astronomical Union in Prague
Probably a lot of droves
Leaving astronomers declared finally today that Pudo is no longer a planet
Oh my god
Under historic news
So if you're a teacher or your kids out there if you're taking photos
Teach you that in science class that Pudo is the ninth planet
Just rolled our crap away man
Now we've got to go change that mobile in the ceiling
Under historic new guidelines that downsize the solar system from nine planets to eight
Oh I don't accept that
I do not recognize that
Once upon a time there were...
Yeah
And now there are eight
Boy like that
Got to bring the textbooks
I'm not buying that
Oh no, come on I've got a great brother
I've got a great brother
After a tumultuous week of classing over the essence of the cosmos
The International Astronomical Union script Pudo
The planetary status itself since his discovery in nineteen
About thirty man
Thirty
The new definition of what is in his not a planet
Feels a centuries old black hole
For scientists who have labored since Copernicus without one
Copernicus for Christ's sake
What's wrong with you idiot?
Although astronomers applauded after the vote
Jocelyn Bell-Bernel, a specialist in neutral
Here there's only one Jocelyn that I ever heard of in my life before that
Jocelyn, Jocelyn, you know who that was?
Mm-hmm, helpers
Hi, this is Jocelyn, Elders
Yeah, that hurt
Remember her?
Yes I do, let's play that bit of chord
Do you want to play it?
Pickle
Anyway, although it's not an act you off I couldn't hear you
I'll play it tomorrow
Oh
Jocelyn, Jocelyn, Jocelyn, what her name is
Especially her neutron stars from Northern Ireland
Where we saw the proceedings
Urged those who might be quite disappointed to look on the bright side
Always look on the bright side she's saying
It could be argued that we're creating an umbrella called planet under which
Dwarf planet's disease
She said drawing laughter by waving a stuck puro of Walt Disney family to real umbrella
Ah, ah, ah, ah, oh my god
Obviously this was a much real intellectuals
The only one missing was
Oh, I snorke!
Yeah
The decision by the prestigious international group spells out the basic tests
That celestial objects will have to meet before they can be considered for a mission to the elite cosmic club
For now membership are restricted to the A-V-A
It's got them here
Like I need to read them to you
Much more line two does not make the grade out of the new rules for a planet
Which is defined as a celestial body that is an orbit around the sun
Has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a nearly round shape
And has cleared the neighborhood around its orbit
Pluto is automatically disqualified because its orbit is oblong orbit overlapped with Neptune
How do you like that?
Instead it will be reclassified in new category of dwarf plans, a little dwarf
Similar to what long have been termed minor plans
Oh yeah, maybe we can get the Pluto people on the survivor
The plutonians after we get the...
What are they going to do?
And we're going to have some malato people on their tuna
Who's sad that they're going to be taken?
The Malato people on their tuna
Oh, I'll defend them with language they speak directly
I see
And we certainly got to get some veners on there so you can get all worked up
They got them
150 people have checked in, choked it and checked in on our website
I think it will run you to dot com
And still I guess we've exhausted all the people from like all those exotic places
Like David and Broward
Okay, it's almost 1230 already and you have it even have only got how many stories here?
About 30 minutes
And John, Car Mark, yeah, we don't wait a while
But I got more important stuff for us, I'll save that for a minute
I got some really heavy interesting stuff here, you might be amazed
In fact, the Lloyd Wisconsin, ever hear of the Lloyd College?
Nope
But you did now
And the Lloyd Wisconsin
Did they survey and they've got a thing where is it?
Born in 87, the freshman obtained the first college lectures around the country grew up with pay for a TV
It's got like all these different things that anybody born in 87
Where today's college students, 19
Never saw or experienced or knew or liked that
Like that, like freedom, things like that, free speech
Here's what I'm sure Josh has been all over like Stink on Greg, like Stink on Joyce
Hemsstead, New York, Long Island
Jets running back Kevin Barlow, while Polly drives to 49ers coach Mike Nolan for comparing him to Adolf Hitler and newspaper
And you see that story?
Because you sent it, yeah
Oh, well that's right
You see how educated you're becoming pretty soon, you'll be talking about getting a cup plate from getting too many stories
Hey, are you seeing the St. Commercial I am for Geico right now?
Yeah, that's what I've announced again
Oh, the movie yet
To late
Ah, we missed it
Why you just put your shit into it after the theater?
I never saw that one before
That's the thing
Well, Geico, I'm telling you
I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I
for a period better than maybe he who comes to me on the магазess and he begins to demand charter.
how kids are telling you is smoking with barlo and a Ferris, sorry.
Everybody's always of apologize and you don't know, they blurred on a bunch of evil crap like poster broochuckah.
have those words back but he can't. Kevin is already called Coach Nolan to talk
about that which I think is important. Barlow was upset with the trade mainly
because Nolan assured him he wouldn't be dealt. He told the known for this
paper Nolan was a first time head coach with too much power. He walks around
with a chip on his shoulder like he's a dictator like he's Hitler Barlow said
people are scared of him if it ain't Nolan's way it's the highway. How do you
like that? Forget a little bit over the top and you know what Nolan said?
It's a lie I am not a Nazi. So he said okay get to that John Mark Carg at
400 stories about him including did you know that he ran a story? What the hell is
it? He ran a thing in his house. I don't tell me I don't have that one I better
put it out again. He ran a daycare center in Alabama. Do you know that? I did not.
When you think he'd be the kind of guy that'd be perfect for that? Like a
guy that's about a girl. He's got 6,000 stories because let's face it who can
how cares about Israel or lesbian on all right about Iraq or about Afghanistan or
Iran as fans as I can or stuff like that you know nobody wants to be so
Newsy we got John. Walk up early County. Step Peterson sister tells but it's
really like Joachim in the family. Oh there you are. All right you think that's
good. Wait till you hear this from Cal pull out Cal pull out of Mexico. Cal
pull out pull it. Cal pull out of Mexico. Skeletons found on an on our side in
Mexico show Aztec's captured, ritually sacrificed and partially eight
several hundred people traveling with invaded Spanish forces in 1520.
Scott and Boen from the Takake Archaeological site in New Mexico city show
about 550 victims had their hearts ripped out by Aztec priest and ritual offerings
and we're dismembered or had their bones boilers scraped clean. Oh there's nothing
like scraping your bones clean before you start macking on those guys. The
finding support accounts of Aztec's capturing and killing a caravan of
Spanish conquistadors and local men I love that song by Prokola Herm conquistador
women and children traveling with them in revenge for the murder of Kakamats
Kakamu. Kakaka. Kakaka on the show today. Kakamats in King of the Aztec Empire
is number two city of Texcoco. Texaco. Oh yeah you can be the man with a
Texaco star in the Milton Verol show. Experts say the scurried proof some
Aztecs did resist the conquistadors led by Spor herman Cortez, her non-cortez
Herman. Even though history books say most welcome the white skin horsemen
the belief they were returning Aztec gods. Oh of course. So there you go they
skinned them and they ate them and they boned them and they deloved them
stuff like that. This is 5.62.
This is Rush Wimbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talk Show host,
Hemroyd sufferer. Folks over 300 pounds I know the agony of this kind of
dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new
Preparation Rush and my Rush through excellent suppositories. Now you can end the
pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue just for my picture on the box of
suppositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIV the
obesity and broadcasting network. Tonight on Fox lock up the bagels in
Cream Seat and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents Wimju the tack sponsored
by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC where you can get the
new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white meat right winged in only 29.95
Wimju the tack tonight on Fox. Well this is a lot of stories Rush Limbaugh
during the U.F. X. Me the first page. Yes I did. I didn't like the second page.
Oh we only thought that. I got further if you wished. No no I just printed it
out the original. It's a much bigger print much easier to read and a whole
thing. I mean who just wants a little piece of Rush? Oh boy. On August
23rd broadcast as yesterday of his nationally syndicated radio program Rush
Limbaugh suggested that the competition on the new CBS reality TV program
survivor in which contestants are reportedly going to be divided into competing
tribes by ethnicity is not going to be fair if there's a lot of water events.
In support of this, a search needs said at a March 2nd healthy article reporting
that young blacks especially males are much more elected to drown in pools
than whites. During the program Limbaugh suggested that people with CBS are
scratching their heads and asking whether the swimming port of new survivor
competition is going to be fair. When pressed by an African American color to
identify which team would be the worst swimmers and why Limbaugh stated that the
white tribe would be the best swimmers based on the performance of white
athletes at the Olympics. After apparently disconnecting your cut in
dividing level of the color Limbaugh said you're saying I'm being racist because
I'm saying blacks can't swim. He further protested. I mentioned the swimming
contest only because it's not going to be fair if there's a lot of water
competition in this. It just isn't it's not a racist comment at all. In support
of his assertion of his comments were now racist Limbaugh said at a March
2nd healthy article reporting that young blacks especially males are much
more elected to drown in pools than whites. But the study on which the healthy
article was based did not address the swimming abilities of African Americans
in general. Health they reported that researchers don't know why black kids
are on high risk of drowning. Most of the black drowning victims drown in
public pools and the study didn't examine whether the victims had taken swimming
lessons or whether the pools were supervised by life guards. Additionally the
article noted that according to the study people from poorer families were
more likely to drown regardless of race and that one author of the study
suggested future research will be done to examine swimming instruction whether
it reduces the risk of drowning. Yeah let's let's spend a few million dollars to
do a study on that. Regarding the new survivor series Limbaugh also stated that
there are many characteristics that you think would give the African-American
tribe the lead and the heads up in terms of skill and athleticism and so
forth. He's not a racist you understand just asked out of him and
now he'll tell you just ask the people at ABC he also stated oh by the way how
did your boy do on Monday night? I'm sorry on Monday night football. Who we
talking about here? The new analyst which one there's three of them. No no the
new the new analyst on whatever's name is Tony Cornheiser. Tony Cornhoher. He
seems a little lost so far. No. He also stated that our early money is on
his spandex drive which he said could include a Cuban or Nicaragua or
Mexican or two provided they don't start fighting for his supremacy amongst
themselves. Well he must add George in mind when he mentioned that. He knows his
Julios. Limbaugh added that his spandex have probably shown the most
survival tactics that they've shown a remarkable ability to get cross borders
and they can do it without water for a long time. They don't get apprehended
they'll do things other people won't. He also asserted that the Asian-American
tribe whom he called the Brainiac of the bunch probably without smart
everybody. While intelligence is one thing raw native understanding of the land
this is probably why the native Americans were excluded because they were at
one with the land and they probably have it on for advantage. He added that the
white tribe if it behaves at his historically as it has will bring along vials
of diseases and will wind up oppressing the other tribes by denying them
benefits and property but will later try to put the other tribes in some kind of
benefit program. Why did you even send that to me and why did I look it up and
get the whole story? Much more to it. Much more to it. But why would we want to
talk about that all? Beaten every single week. What's the conversation in this
country going to be like? That is my concern. I can see the headlines now. Oh we
knew that this is a white flag of the New Year. I mean I'm very concerned about
the assumptions that are going to be made from what we see in this competition
and I'm also concerned about what will come out. What are you trying to say
honey? I have no right. Yeah. Let me say this should be your biggest problem
right? Yes. Now let's get to the important stuff to the mean to the matter
this is what the whole audience is sitting on the edge of their seats couldn't
beat around a bush okay put it all a B. S. and all the protests on and all
this other crap. Let's get to John Carr Carr whatever his name is. Debra Carr
Carr. John Mark Carr belonged a brag to his landlords family that sexually I'm
like a wolf and said he preferred girls to women when he worked in Costa
Rica as an English teacher as former housemates told the E&P. Oh I still didn't
pronounce that story about he had a daycare center in Alabama I'll do it
because they got 6,000 John Carr stories. You know what we're supposed to be
talking about? Survivor in John Carr? Oh yeah. Cartholome. Traveled around the
world in recent years including brief stays in Honduras and Costa Rica. Oh no
there's no little girls having sex and Costa Rica are there where he rented a
room in 2004 from Canadian John Hall who teaches at a private university in
the capital of San Jose. Do you know the way to San Jose? That way.
Over the whole 40 tools told AP and exclusive interview that he rented a room to
Carr through an internet posting but asked him to leave after about five weeks
because Carr was saying rude and inappropriate things to his Costa Rica wife and
stepdaughters then 16 and 20. I threw him off because he was causing problems for
them Hall said. One stepdaughter not 22 told AP that Carr said several times he
liked girls not like you know girls like young girls like little. I'm
otherwise to whether he was looking for a girlfriend in Costa Rica. He answered
he didn't like adult women only small ones she said speaking on condition
name not to be used. I thought he meant young women ever man she meant girls as
in like little girls. During his day with the family Carr would often either talk
incessantly or sit in his room and listen to dark rock music like that of
Marilyn Manson something that also bother the halls who are pedocostal
Christians. Well Marilyn Manson there he goes again you see it. Go yeah.
Go to the place devilish. Oh my god he's responsible for everything. All the
Michael Morton's and with that he was in the movie Marilyn. Oh they're just
forming at the mouth. They look like they've succeeded because here we are talking
about. Yeah here we are talking about even though some of the most stupid things
everybody here about John and Mark Carr. They're about stinking survive. You know I've
never walked that show yet miss him. Oh 185 people have checked in that's pretty
weak if you ask me we should have 1300 by two o'clock. I'm gonna be pretty
peyote. I'm gonna be pretty cheesed off. Where are you usually when you listen to
Neil Rogers show either on ear or on the internet. Broward 352. Vade 281.
Palm Beach 1861. You see that overwhelming Dave Broward and Palm Beach. You're
listening on the radio. A lot of those people could be listening online too though
like I said. If they're like in a building it's got like anywhere in a building
got like a fluorescent light in it. They can't hear this station. It's like that.
So you're listening online. That's why when we lose the thing we go down the thing
goes down but they get wild man they go nuts. Florida outside of Dave Broward and Palm Beach
149. That's not bad. U.S. outside of Florida 120. I don't listen to 40 in outer space 35.
Please I hate this pool 15. Canada 10. Mexico 5. Africa 4. Where do you think that is?
In Zaire. Okay. Central America 4. Well they probably have a 10.
In Louisiana in Bobway. Central America 4. Australia 2. We got 2 down under.
Should we put New Zealand on there too? Why not? It's not a it's huh? Sure why not?
It's a separate place. Yes it is. We got a pair in the Middle East as you
want to lesbian ease or maybe just an Arab in a Jew. Asia 2 and South America
still only one probably in a perigway. This is Neil Rogers.
Attention. Ladies 5 6.
They would sword
The boys are close to the boys, the boys are all the way.
The boys are close to the boys, the boys are all the way.
The boys are close to the boys, the boys are all the way.
The boys are close to the boys, the boys are all the way.
Hey, stop, no, stop!
I'm an other boy, you are.
I'm the boy, you are the stupidest.
In a car!
HAA A WoO大的 haste
A sa!!
Let's go boys.
Just go, go, go !
Ah!
Hey, I'm just looking up on an IMDB that moved the neighbor to the Rod Stugger and with the Kaisalowski.
Oh, how about that?
You know who that is?
Yes, I do, Mrs. Holkogan for a while anyway.
Well, how do you like that?
I like that.
Oh, you were married to Paul Hogan.
Oh, dog to boundary corner?
No, Paul Hogan, the other one to be awesome.
Oh, so you're on Hogan the driver?
Yeah.
Of sorts.
Linda Kaisalowski is in it with Rod Stugger and Ron Lee and Benjamin Shrenion or somebody
like that.
And a bunch of other people don't believe her.
It's pretty good for her.
Now it only gets an IMDB 5.4 out of 10.
And that's better than that.
And then of course the first review here, it gives it 10 out of 10.
Great acting by Rod Stugger.
And Rod Stugger and Bobby, which he's mostly bald at this point, which I guess he was the
last 40 years of his life.
And he looks, if he don't look like old chicken neck, Volka Brian, it's just amazing.
Just watch the movie and you'll see, hey, that's chicken neck.
You never seen it though, huh?
No.
I'm going to recall it.
It really sounds familiar.
I'm going to have to send that to you, too, boy.
You may have stashed away some time there or just slightly more.
I'm married.
I don't have much to do.
No comment.
That you want to do.
Right.
The man suspected of killing 60-year-old John Badeh kept children at a home daycare center.
He operated in Northwest Alabama, the state welfare agency said today.
Hammer for the Alabama.
Oh, that sounds like you're kind of place.
You love North Carolina.
You've got to love hammering Alabama.
Never driven through Alabama?
No, I can't say that I have.
I have.
Real fast.
Never been there.
I don't think I've ever been through Alabama.
I don't think I've ever been through Alabama.
I don't think I've ever been through Alabama.
I don't think I've ever been through Alabama.
I don't think I've ever been through Alabama.
I've never been through Alabama.
I've never been through Alabama.
I've never been through Alabama.
Mark Carter being operating a daycare out of his rural home in June 97 said John Bradford
ace spoke some of the Alabama Department of Human Resources.
He said the Sheriff Department conducted a background check before license was issued.
No problems were founded.
Carter didn't receive any complaints before the two license expired 99.
We do know he kept children, but it's really hard to get a handle on the number he said.
It's kind of hard to get a handle on the children.
Car 41 by the beat, but he was living with his ex-wife and Hamilton to Tom and the Murder.
Car who was working as a teacher was the rest of we know that.
These agreed that we put a boob and anything.
Oh no.
So he had a daycare center in Hamilton, Alabama.
Just a little piece of the puzzle.
All you Sherlock Holmes is out there.
All you detectives trying to put this together.
Is that what they're doing?
Yes, they are.
I rather my much mother spent my time watching her as lectures by Noem Chomsky now that
I become a real intellectual old fag.
But I'll send those to you those videos.
I'm going to get those.
And also the neighborhood broad stagger.
How you like that?
I think they wish would like the neighbor.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Anybody get naked in it?
Like Linda Kodlowski?
Uh, I don't remember.
I know he has a like spread eagle out there.
He's trying to kill her baby.
I'm not going to.
I'm not going to.
Well, he's trying to kill her baby.
OK.
He's got this anti baby thing, man.
Got a problem with that because he was in love with his mama and mama died.
I say mama said it.
Be gays like days like that.
A well-known national handwriting expert said Monday he is 99.9% certain that John Mark
Carr wrote the ransom note founder of the scene of John Boney, uh, Ramsey's, uh, body.
Oh my God.
Most guys are writing the fence that occurred baguette.
Hey, Kurt, baguette, the Texas-based co-founder released school forensic document examination.
I wonder if he's related to Jack Baguette, Jr.
But they're released.
It doesn't trace that match up perfectly when comparing a high school yearbook son by
Carr and the ransom note.
And Lisa doesn't trace that match up perfectly.
Did you hear that?
I heard some of those traits are fairly common.
Others are rare, he said.
There are so many similarities that it pushes the odds up into seven digits to put another
way.
Baguette said the chances are a million to one that somebody other than Carr wrote the
ransom note.
Did you give that?
I got it.
SBTC.
L.S.M.O.
What is it?
Lucky Strike.
MFT.
Means find a backhoe.
Let's start paying some cigarette spots.
That'll press everybody off.
For a new person's Salem.
It's like a spring forest man.
Anyway, the issue of hand writing could be critical if DNA evidence in the 10-year-old
case crews inconclusive on what might most connect the killer of the scene is the
ransom note.
Other experts are less certain than Baguette about the notes origin and they expect competing
testimony should the case ever go to trial.
Hand writing expert Peggy Walla.
Also from Texas.
I've actually used some Walla Walla.
Said the issue is burning up the internet as an expert's right back in Ford.
I wonder if she knows David Seville because remember what the witch doctor said.
Ting Tang Walla Walla Bing Bang.
Remember that?
Coming right up.
You got the witch doctor by David Seville on Liberty Records.
And you know who else was on Liberty Records speaking of John Mark Karn as attorneys, patients
and prudence.
Prudence.
I don't have the witch doctor.
What's the story with those two like I mean those two law lady lawyers.
I know that one of them was his attorney in 2001.
You see that?
Yes.
I don't know whether it was patients or prudence.
There are groups that are working on this internationally.
She said meaning handwriting.
It's pretty.
We have little arguments like no, I don't see this.
I didn't see that.
Walla said she studied under baguette.
Then he's regarded as one of the nation's top handwriting authorities.
He said he's provided an expert testimony of court cases in all 50 states.
Boulder police almost immediately suspected John and Patsy Ramsey.
He had the other experts ruled out Ramsey as the writer of the note.
But some questions remain concerning Patsy because of the handwriting.
Remember that?
They thought it was her handwriting.
But she was just a Patsy.
Lining up behind baguette in his assessment is his son Bart.
Bart Baguette was president of hand handwriting university.
An organization that trains and certifies handwriting experts.
Isn't that a great name?
Bart Baguette.
There are a lot of similarities Bart Baguette said from his office.
And quite a few actually significant similarities.
When I saw the yearbook he says it was shocking.
It was wow.
The similarities are more than just a chance in your pants.
I would definitely lean to her carving the author of this note.
Still, he said he'd like to see original.
There's a lot more samples from Carby for sticking his head out too far, like a turtle,
like an uncircumcised Latin American.
We do most of our business by fax.
He said usually you can tell.
But in this case, there's so much weighing on it.
It would be great to get more samples.
So what does that tell us?
It tells us that the most well-believed guy with a guy's name, Jack Baguette Jr.
Heard Baguette.
He says the chances are many.
So of course they share what kind of a science it is, huh?
If the one guy says the chances are many to one that could be somebody else, and then
the other people are saying, well, but I beat, but I will, you know, like that, right?
Just like that.
God.
How are we doing on our survey, by the way?
12001234.
Have you ever seen that number on there before?
Take a look at it now.
Read it and weep.
Look at now.
1234, 1230.
You don't have that?
I have 1229.
Get out of here, we've got to be fresh.
What are you at?
Slow connection.
Obviously.
1235.
Ah, you missed it, did.
God has punished you for hitting Mexicans, man.
Prince Green, for all those disgusting things you said about Mexicans, I can't believe
it.
I hope that the Mexican American Foundation comes there and peas on your tortillas.
Yes, something that taco thing sounds really good again.
I'm not having more and more than pasta, man.
Where are you usually when you listen to the Roger Show, either at home or online or
on the air or in the year?
Broward 3ga 65, date 289.
There's not that much of a disparity there as we used to think, right?
We used to think all the whole audience is in Broward, right?
Everybody listen, this show isn't.
Broward!
We've got a few people in date, a few date heads.
Palm Beach 20 or 169.
Why would we say the Sun Centils proud of that?
Because they're obsessed with Palm Beach.
It's supposed to be a Broward County newspaper, but all they know from his Palm Beach,
this in Palm Beach, said, and by the way, Sun Centil, they hate you in Palm Beach.
They like to post.
Florida, outside of the S3, a tri-county, 152.
Maybe we've got some people in Monroe County, you think?
It's possible.
They can hear it, they can hear it on the year.
On our bounce.
I miss the date when we were on that Key West station, the one that we're the towering
fallen down.
Those were the dates.
That was Iowa D-Man.
That was cost broadcasting for it.
We're going to really give you some real shot in the Armin, some real promotion, where
we're simulcasting your show on a Key West station.
Now, there is a little problem.
There was a big storm there and the tower is laying in the prone position flat on the
ground, so nobody can hear it.
But boy, it's going to be great when you're out.
You'll be the best in Key West.
USA, outside of Florida 128, I don't listen 43.
They're just to shrews on our website, vote on a poll, and generally our nuisance.
In outer space 37, I hate this poll 15, Canada 10, which means me and you're up six
a ride.
Maybe they're listening in the internet cafe and the dam rack.
Only there's no speakers there.
How do you like that?
On the dam rack.
You ever been in that dam square?
No, lately.
Well, why don't you go to Amsterdam?
Get off your ass before you're cruel.
Yeah.
Mexico 5.
Listen, if Josh's going to afford that HD big screen TV, he can afford to take you guys
to Amsterdam.
Or you'll be safe about it, Josh.
Maybe you'll take it to Louise in the Bronx.
Mexico 5, Africa 4.
Oh, that is amazing.
Central America 4.
I bet you were big in Honduras, man.
You think?
It's coast.
I don't think it's in Costa Rica.
Maybe some of them are perverts.
So, in their coast of Rica are listening.
Australia 2.
Two in the Middle East.
But you in a Gentile, obviously.
Asia 2.
South America 1 in New Zealand on so far.
Everything in the Middle East has got to have at least one Jew and at least one Gentile.
This is Neil Rodriguez.
He's semi.
This is 560 Louise.
It's the Von2Duala.
Hi, V.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
I'm a little bit of a guy.
How about those cancer sticks, camels? I'd walk a mile for a camel.
Would you? No. Cars mother tried to kill him, family friends says.
Oh, and speaking of John Mark Car.
Hanson of the Boulder DA, and that was Professor.
Oh, and you wonder why the public is never been sought as,
never been a boxer, rocks? Oh, Jesus.
The mother of the suspect in John Bane Ramsey's murder trial tried to kill him
when he was only a baby, a family friend, told ABC News.
And I see that I didn't, by the way, thanks very much to whoever sent me that information about,
because I'm not 100% computer-liberal like I should be,
about how to print out the stories without losing the right margin there on the landscape instead of portrait thing.
Because I've done many of the stories that way, including the Robert Fist one today,
so I could read the story. This one I forgot to do that.
Oh, really frostmine. Well, Internet Explorer is the anti-Christ.
Yes, it is. And I go on Firefox, and I have the option of portrait or landscape.
And if you go on the landscape thing, I'm the landscape one.
Well, what? The mile here we go.
I'll start with my own landscape, again, just because I saw that thing on my paper crying out loud.
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
landscape became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most pious Jews in the world, the Miami Beach,
who had the holiest people to enguard his everything,
even God wasn't close to my own landscape.
So are they so my own landscape? Forget about God.
Deach with God. Use the worship to follow and look to the walk down the street.
They would talk about how slow he will tell Fist that he have a dog, a cow, a hoist,
that he said, don't get up, but time, one time we're in this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with Yamaha,
because I never kind of looked at my graph, and I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up with some Mr. Lansky. We'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looks down on me seriously, and I know my graph,
because what I do when I can't afford, and if you want,
we're going to be worth some money some day, Mr. Lansky.
And he said, no, son, I don't sign autograph.
I don't sign autograph. No, it wasn't. It wasn't. It was one of his kids or grandkids or somebody got shot in the forage 20 years ago.
In the forage hard forage in the forage restaurant on a beach, you know,
to place where they have those potatoes that they heat up in a microwave at 600 degrees.
Anyway, John Carr's mother Patricia Aileen Adcock.
I wonder if she's kind of Joe Adcock who used to play for the bravest first place,
and was later a manager, made a big round donut of kindling and put him in the middle of it.
So George McCurry, 76, who said he's known Carr's father,
widespread Carr for 40 years. She made a big round donut of kindling and stuck him in the middle.
Oh, we could play burning what's that Elvis on, burning love.
Sure. You got it? I got it here somewhere.
Oh, right up. She just boxed a little baby in and tried the light.
She boxed him in like a harness race, you man.
She boxed him on the inside and wouldn't let him out.
I bet you're Dick and Rick Cumber remember those days.
Here you go. He's a burning love man. He had a burning love for John Martha Carr.
Oh, and I did such a good talk up there.
What is Jackass man? Shoot him, John.
Shoot him. Still counts.
Jackass.
No, but they didn't hear it. They don't know. They're not the experts like we are.
Forget about it. Elvis is still dead by the way.
He had two dolls and what was the other thing in his system?
The lot of three dolls.
Four dolls. That's what earlier when you were out of the room and I said,
and Josh said that you were taking a quadro.
See, Adcock was later committed to a man. I don't want to see it.
To a mental institution. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
His mother was committed to a mental institution.
Be very wary of people whose mothers were committed to a mental institution.
You know what I'm saying? What if their mother should have that?
She died in 2000. No, but you were in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette.
Attempts by ABC News to reach immediate members of the car family were unsuccessful.
Let me say it again. On successful.
McCrory told ABC News he was speaking independently.
While he's been a close friend and confident on a work for a car for four decades,
McCrory said he hasn't spoken to him since Newsbroke last week of John's Appearance Confession.
He audioed it. I'm doing this because I love John and I love the family I want people to know
that while he certainly has some serious problems, John is a good human being.
Remember the human beings and nobody but me coming right up.
And I love him and I'll stand by him. McCrory said.
In fact, they've used that record on more TV spots, probably than any other song.
Nobody but me. There it is.
Capital records baby. I remember they were smart.
Nobody missed it again. Nobody but me.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no.
In a series of exclusivity, let's see, from the time he's about to try to kill him,
he's been out and out paranoid that somebody's gonna try to kill him or take advantage of him,
in a series of exclusive interviews with tonight McCrory painted an enigmatic portrait of a
brilliant and amiable, what trouble a young man, whose romantic relationships and fixations were explosive.
Well, the first wife was about five days old, a hemerator.
Yeah, yeah.
She was there.
But who's going to feed us?
She was in the board of people.
That's bad.
Two explosions, Rock, and Bomb Recycling, and I was the end of, in
Doyline, Louisiana.
Yeah.
Bomb Recycling, point.
Half-and-a-half is counted for.
So as far as we know.
Well, you know what bomb is doing?
I was just going to explode.
You know what these did?
They exploded?
Yeah.
The way is near Camp Menden, that's Interstate 20, US 80.
Doyline.
The Louisiana one.
One point right up through you.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
We're over from Doyline.
That's a good scam.
And of course we know about the Indian women if they, if their family is poor, can't afford a big dowry.
But I'm being, that's it.
I thought you said fire to the bitch instead.
You put her, you surround them with kindling and you create a burning love.
Now let's see the Indians.
They're sick.
That's why some of them smell like that, like that curry powder.
Sick and Hindu and the some Muslim of course.
Of course they got a billion people there now, right?
I guess.
I mean, not lately.
Oh, you better start doing your India homework, man.
There's some really hot Indian people.
I'm telling you right now.
Are there, there are.
Well, that's that curry powder, man.
It makes your skin just boil.
It's you get a burning love.
You see, you don't, you don't know how many Indians you got.
So I'm talking about not American Indians.
I'm talking about India, Indian.
Not German.
Indian.
Here we got all of them.
Oh, we got all kinds of Indians here.
Indians, packies, all kinds of turban heads, towel heads, ragheads, schmatte heads.
King Tanare was just 12 years old when she met John Marker.
And I've seen that blonde chick you've seen her on all over the two.
Yeah.
Cute.
She's the same much.
The 41-year-old, within a year against her parents wishes, she and Carr, then 19 were murdered.
He was 19, she was 12.
Well, actually when they got married, she was 13 already.
So what are you getting all upset about?
Right?
Right.
Today she talked about her ex-husband and an exclusive interview on Good Morning America.
This is yesterday.
Race since she met Carr to party in Hamilton, Alabama.
See, that's where he was with his daycare center.
And he proceeded to seduce her.
His parents, Melissa and Larry Schatz, said they were posed to the marriage.
I wonder if he's related to Dr. Fred Schatz or maybe just the whiskey shot.
The couple had a lengthy battle with raised parents over the relationship.
And the point of raised parents, Carr became more defensive and threatening if they continued to oppose the couple's plans.
And Ray said, Carr became a different person after they were murdered.
I believe he loved me, she said.
He loved me.
But her marriage took her last year less than a year.
Oh, that's kind of like the, what's your call?
The, the brought out there at the 7-11.
The one way, Brian.
Oh, I love you.
I love you.
Yeah, that's it.
But her marriage took her last at less than a year.
That year, her court of rate was a two-months-us-one.
I was drugged and things were done to me without me having any ideas to rate,
who's now married with a four-year-old child.
Oh, fixed, fixed to sterilization, man.
I'm trying to, that's the only hope for the human race.
Starting in trailer parks, in 1985, after nine months of marriage,
Ray filed for an annulment, complaining in court that court records she was fearful for her life and safety.
She's got a cue, actually.
You see her?
Yeah, that, that.
She's all right.
I'll rate her.
In response, Father, what wouldn't be the first time for either one of you?
In response, Father, the court, car-contested, raised aid, saying she was, in fact, 14,
a ejaculated grant of the annulment.
Carly to marry, the second time, Delara Carr, who was 16 when their twin daughters died,
the day they were born September 1st, 2009.
And let me say it again.
None of these stories, I heard it in one place only, that they talked about the fact that he delivered them at home, the twin daughters.
Okay.
And their last words were,
I'm dying on the hand.
Probably in a slightly higher register.
Maybe that was Barbara Starrer, a handcouge, said that.
You know, that's really something.
I'm dying on the hand.
How many years ago that guy did die?
One of our callers from IOD, and then somebody called in the report that he died.
Don't be sands of like that, because then you might have dying.
Ray also told Good Morning America that Carr frequently talked about young girls.
He had fantasies about little girls he would talk to me about.
Carr awaits that tradition from California to Colorado to face first-degree murder,
charging kid, and having charges for the Ramsey slang.
In addition to the first-degree murder of the Council against Carr and a sealed probable cause of the rest of Warren to include felony murder, first-degree kidnapping, second-degree kidnapping, sexual assault on a child and having a pear-shaped ass.
I do like that.
I know the last part's true.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 516 QA.
Fans.
It's the 2006 QA. Mursady's Ben's Grand Flameting Contest.
In the Marlins player, it's a grand slam of the fifth inning.
You could win a two-year lease of a Mercedes Ben's C230.
For more information and to enter, log on to wqam.com today, the 2006 Mercedes Ben's Grand Flameting Contest.
4205-50.
QA. M. If there's a button, I smell it.
Should I do that?
Followed by a test track.
The next test, your present asks.
The never-had tickets for business class.
My Thunder 1 or Grandler & 2.
I'd like to complain, but they've been in the thrills.
It's the worst light I ever had.
An arc kinda for hugging like that.
Sound jacks on.
What can you do?
I'd like to complain, but they've been in the thrills.
I'd like to complain.
Should I take it the train?
Should I take it the train?
Should I take it the train?
I think I've had the same thing.
It's 1240 WGVA Genieveneer.
I think I said 1270 because we got 12 out of here.
So it's over again.
WGVA Genieveneer 1240 on AMDA.
I wonder if it's still on the air.
Must be. I just googled it.
119 EQA.
Let's see the show about how Apple is recalling 820 in the computers here
because the batteries are effective and they're gonna blow up in your face.
It does not use these batteries and does not anticipate any recall of its own.
But as far as Sony's own laptops are concerned,
the company has not announced a recall of that product.
At least not yet.
Well, thank God for that.
Apple says Sony Elythium ion batteries could catch fire.
Oh my God.
They could become...
BAMING!
I like this thing here.
You know what else I like?
I like this thing.
I didn't take any.
I never even came close to thinking about taking a call today.
I shut the monitor off before we started.
And you know what else I'm thinking?
Because I've been doing this all summer long.
Once I come back, I'm full time.
I'm Monday 9-11.
Mm-hmm.
Coincidence?
Monday 9-11.
Right.
I don't know if I'm gonna take any more calls.
Oh no.
That would be tragic.
That means...
Yeah, when I take it to the offer on vacation,
that would be the opportunity for all of those people who are just...
BAMING!
Yeah.
To...
I have no life.
I have no life, share with you.
And then we're probably gonna have more fangs in that way, too.
In fact I just heard you hear that beep.
It's just...
That's my machine, my good fangs machine.
At least one of them.
That one's gonna have a spare.
And that's whatever the hell you just sent me there.
Or else maybe it's a adfax, which have damn well-beared or not be.
We go over and see what it is.
Oh, it says.
Something you sent me.
I told you.
I thought this was a good time to check in due to these poor topics.
Just moved to Greensboro, North Carolina.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
And it had been an 18-year-old listening to your show.
Thanks God who's this from does it have a name on it doesn't have a name on it oh Christiana
First thing I did last two there was to invite the internet sounds great. Oh, thanks God for that
I'll try to convert some of the hillbillies into Nileys if I if they had the internet
PS Sarag got George in trouble a few years ago when I faxed the bold picture of Moe
Oh, no, thank you for the ball picture of Moe and by the way no Moe Moe no more
Crow and no more Joe Rose Joe and who else?
But instead we got Bowen and Kenny Kenny and Bo see Kenny he's got to change his name
Who could put Joe Bell on here with the bow Joe and Bo you like that in fact didn't we once have a show called the Joe and Bo show?
Yeah, we did five sixty W. You a
Presents of Joe and Bo Joe, but they didn't get along so I guess that's not a good idea
So thanks a lot Kristina Kristina or Kristiana I'm on poor and see an end by the way isn't the a hysteria business
The Firmongroom business they had a two-hour special last night and study your buddy
Something about Osama Osama Yamama and and then they have to that they finished another hour of terror and fear and
They're gonna come in the boogie man's gonna get you look under the bed before you go to sleep tonight stuff like that
so
I was certainly disagree with noam Chomsky is bringing disease about that one point because the kids asked him about you know
How does the government control the median he said that they don't oh surprise of course that was in March of 2002
I guess we've all learned a lot since then, you know
He's intimidating, you know what I mean, but but he's not he's not like who was the jackass that was on at
PBS series outer space what that was his name Carl Sagan. Oh who spoke like he had a good
Yeah, he spoke like he had that a good BM like 50 years, you know that like Richard question. Oh, he's dead now
So who was your quest over can only pray? Oh please please call me in the middle of the night if you find out
Any whatever it happens. I want to be the first to know when old donkey puts the croaks Richard quest
Anyway, like I started to say do like this story
For this year's crop of college freshman Starbucks has always been around the corner America's funniest home videos has always been on TV
And men named George Bush have been present for more than half their lives
Born in 1987 the freshman attending their first college lectures around the country this term grew up with pay-per-view TV and voicemail on their phones
30 dancing at school primes and the US is the only superpower. Oh, no, we got some other butchers out there
Of course, they're all like satellites of the US, you know like Israel and Turkey and like
Saddam used to be puppets of the US butchers
Slotters those are some of the cultural landmarks on the Bologna college mindset list not what I just said
What I read before and any of a compilation that offers a glimpse of the world view of each incoming class rhymes with ass
You know, we can say ass. I think you ought to remind me in fact that one bit we just played about asked on a plane
Ask okay get your ass on a plane and have a good flight the list was released yesterday by the private school
Boyd college and boy Wisconsin school of 1200 in the Southern
Wisconsin city the class of 2009 is never known Andy Warhol
Seen Jimmy Swagrid preach on TV or watch their sineo hall. Oh, that's how lucky they are Jimmy Carter
That's just another name people sure around said Abby Angabo is 18 who was going through orientation Tuesday on the school's 48th campus
Technologically savvy the students who are with home computers digital cameras. I'm gonna have to get mine
I'm gonna have to start using mine sending some pictures. Please and souped up car stereos cable TV has always been powerful
And there's blood lines between is entertainment
You see that share that the GM is bringing a Camaro back. Did you see that no the new muscle cars man the new Camaro is
Commero really good, huh? Let's hope it looks good because you know they don't always it does look good
It looks like I've seen it. Okay, not not like a real one, but I seen them TV like most of the managers class Joe
Aaron Brack 18 of Bella, Iowa admitted he didn't know how to tie a tie. He doesn't even own one. Oh, and you know who they took
Guy Kurt got my claim in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving
Not for tennis
Little Richard man, he'd be the best. How old is he 100 oh he's 200 easy now
What that was I just saying something very important before I interrupted with that spot the list reminds older generation
Oh, I was gonna say about Tucker Carlson now who is just Tucker no more Carlson just Tucker on MSNBC and no more bow tie either and he still
Jack as he still sucks and he shows still a bomb and not the bomb but a bomb and it's gonna be off soon
What are you thinking Dan Abrams you idiot you lunatic? I think Dan Abrams must be on the payroll at CNN
The list reminds about the generations what's happened the last 18 years and aims educate professors about the lives of their young
Students at Tom McBride a humanities professor at Boloid who is compiled the list for seven years
It reminds them that if they're gonna teach watergate they have to explain what it is first you said that's right
How many people are afraid you think know who Chuck Carlson is or John Dean or a John Erlichman Erlichman Mitchell Hallerman and Dean huh?
I wish I still had that record somewhere. There's a song called Hallerman Erlichman Mitchell and Dean it was great
Anyway Ron Neath the school's director of public affairs who else and it listed it has practical uses
Branches of the armed forces and churches have used it in training young officers and ministers
It is a window into their lives. Neath said emphasizing that the list is not meant to be a chronology of events
Lizzy star of Wellesley Mass said one listing really hit home for her that bus has been working on the big big road construction project
Her entire life the 18 year old said she used to take the bus to the airport to avoid driving through the city
I've ever been to Logan Airport. It's a dump. Okay as for Starbucks
Dave and there is long as I can
Remember she had word hell's the next page as long as I can remember said Lee an old 17 the same palm of the soda who drank her first
Frappuccino in the seventh grade
You think I'm gonna croak before I get my first Frappuccino
I don't think they got him would like diet. You know I can't they do they do they do yes
That's what I have they have a low-carb
Get out of here and Starbucks telling you they
Sugar-free that doesn't mean that there might be something else in there's a check like ask
Check your ass before you know there's lots of ingredients in there like I don't know like whipped cream
Does that have sugar in it? Of course well that has whipped cream. Yeah, so that was a fun
I would like locale don't order with whipped cream
You know what that's like no sugar added ice cream you've ever seen that in the Supermer
Huh no sugar added and then you look on the list carbohydrates?
744,000 grams, you know, right? What's the point? Who are you kidding man instead of worrying about stuff like that go to Stokeys and
Put a big fat one in your purse
Stokeys continues to be South Lotus Topsegaard
Shafford one of the broadest the biggest and most unimaginable inventories containing an outstanding
Unmatchable selection of the top there or they got over a thousand
Open boxes of great cigars like Perdomo
Ashton VsG our Turoff Wente Pudro and Maddie Krister Romeo and Julietta and lots more like it used to say in the old copy
Julietta all new Yentza they get a Romeo and Julietta and not only they got the top names
But they've also got special hard-defined Stokeys and obscure cigars that you just won't find in every 711
Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds and stay while enjoy a smooth smoke as Stokeys wine lounge featuring Pierre Andre
A hundred percent peanut and war and lots of other fine wines from around the world try to wine
Stokeys will fight at one sixteen twelve north candle derives just a half mile easter exit 20 off the turn bike open every day
Seven days a week for your smoking and dining pleasure called today to reserve your favorite cigars
It's Stokeys 305 598 9820. I think that that the thing about restaurants with cigar bar
I think that that thing is a pass-a-right. I don't know
It was very popular for a short time like that restaurant
I think that's a little around.
They went out of business because people couldn't stand to get these voice that one
Stokeys call 305 598 9820 when you step into the shop insurance they hide a marry one the girls
Sandra and Heather they'll give you a free one and a free cigar too. That's Stokeys at one sixteen twelve north candle drive in Kendall
Floridians done asters
Back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their crap
In Pearl Harbor or when the jabs dropped their bones
We found them bad
And now the Saudis made it aside and on our cars are little flags weight
Front honey
Many
H thriving
I don't want to be a hacksameric
U.S.A.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe, and anyone who says that obviously.
And afford to be.
The truth has a thousand barriers to be in America, where we pay three object leads.
We have a flag in one hand with our head in the sand, and we follow the powers that
we have at that table.
I'm not talking safe from you, who's on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your boon, fire, everything's okay.
In the U.S.A.
Come on, I'm gonna take people to check in on today's pool.
We're gonna make that 13, 100 difference.
It's the last damn thing we do if Curtis has to wait till 245 or if he gets done.
But he won't.
Where are you usually when you listen to the Roger Show on a radio or on the internet?
Of course, on a radio, we don't really care that much, right?
Howard 386, 386, day 299.
So not that much of a difference, right?
And it goes to show you, there's at least 299 people in Dave County who speak English or
Yiddish.
Is Josh the God of Comfort?
No, two.
Tom Beach 178.
That's pretty heavy duty.
There must be all in Boka, when you think.
How about that?
Tom, Point and Beach?
Sure.
Delray Beach, Lake Worth.
Oh, God.
Florida outside of Dave Rowerton, Palm Beach 155.
U.S.A. outside of Florida, 138, aren't they lucky?
I don't listen to 44.
I'm in outer space 40.
40, we got 40 space cadets.
I wonder if they're on Pto Pto.
Or maybe they're on your anus.
I hate this pool 15.
Canada 10.
Europe.
Who was saying that to me today, but they don't.
I was going to, oh, I know that.
Somebody that were good friend of yours.
I was up here recently.
He said, I don't see them saying that anything.
Yeah, of course.
No, no.
How's it going?
They all say that.
Europe 6, Africa 5, Mexico 5, Central America 4, Australia 2, down under Middle East 2,
Asia 2, New Zealand and South America, each have one.
How do you like that, New Zealand?
We got somebody in New Zealand, man.
All right.
How's it going?
It's exciting or what?
1298, that's really great.
Next time, I refresh it, I bet it's 1300.
I refresh it and it's 1302.
Not good?
That's excellent.
Josh is pretty proud of that.
And if he wouldn't have been trying to say coffee, I think for four hours, we'd probably
have 1400.
Not bad.
Now, getting back to Bologna College in a survey that they did about these punks.
I mean, these kids, these college students.
See, that's what happens when you get old.
You know a lot of stuff.
Most of it's useless and worthless.
And you wish you were 20 again, but nevertheless, you can't have everything, right?
So at least you know a lot of crap.
According to the Bologna College mindset list for college freshman born in 1987.
See, I can't even believe that there is anybody born in 1987.
Of course, for John Mark Carr, that's like, you know, too old.
Liberace, Jackie Gleason, Lee Marvin, have always been dead.
And away they go.
Heart lung transplants have always been possible.
Wayne Gretzky, old needle nose, never played for Edmonton.
Iran and Iraq have never been at war with each other.
They're more familiar with Greg Gumball and with Brian Gumball.
Well, big deal.
Voice mail has always been available.
Whatever is not part of a question, they're not cute.
Whatever.
They've always had the right to burn the flag.
You see that strip about the teacher?
Yeah, I saw it.
I didn't even want to talk about it.
I know.
What's the big stimulus?
He's trying to make a point about free speech to his students and he burned a flag
in a waist-basket in the classroom and right away, but I mean, I'd ask,
grow all you crazy people, OK?
Idiots.
Piece of cloth.
How about a doily?
See a doily you can't burn because it makes for good head gear.
If you don't want to wear a Yamaha or any kind of another skull cap, put a doily on
your head.
Sure.
Nicely.
Yeah.
All you parents out there that want to make you ridicule your subjective kids to ridicule
and make them look like idiots, put a doily on their head and set them out to school.
See a lot of grandma's couch.
Yeah.
They've always had the right to burn the flag.
Bill Gates has always been worth at least a billion dollars.
Oh, I got a grant.
I never get too a thought about Bill Gates.
Another one of those stories.
Remember the other one I had before?
About Bill Gates and Warren Buffett.
Right.
I never get sent on our website by Sheldon Drobney, common dreams that are I never get to
it today.
Remind me on Tuesday.
Maybe I'll keep it in my pile.
It's worth talking about again.
Not what it seems to be.
Nothing like good tax breaks, you know?
The starship enterprise has always looked dated.
Lean as a rob has always been on stage.
Or is that less miserable?
Well, I was a kid I used to call it that less miserable.
Victor, you go, boy.
Snowboarding has always been popular with her pastime.
They don't remember a kinder and gentler nation.
Or less for damn sure.
They never, and there was that the same George Bush that Bob Nickarod were like to pieces
and kill all those people.
That's the word.
Oh, Bush won.
Thousand points.
They never saw the, yeah, a thousand points of light.
Of course, he's good buddies with the Saudis, man like that article by Noam Chomsky said,
the Saudis had the exception because there are buddies, man.
They're okay.
They're the good ragheads.
They never saw the shuttle challenger fly.
Black Americans have always been known as African Americans.
Tom, not in my lifetime.
They were known as other things.
Tom Land, we never coached the cowboys.
That's, and probably Roger Stovak and Danny White never quit him back for cowboys either.
I'm sure.
I mentioned Josh, don't remember Roger Stovak.
That like some kind of a joke or good navy guy.
Well, wait, what do you mean is some kind of a joke?
You weren't born when he was playing for the cowboys.
You've heard of him.
No, but you know, what about Danny White?
No, I don't know Danny White.
Get out of here.
He followed Roger Stovak.
No, no, no, Danny White was fine, man.
He could play too.
The field of dreams has always been drawing people to Iowa.
They never saw Howard Johnson's with 28 ice cream flavors and Lyme disease has always
been a concern in the woods.
Huh?
Yeah, that last one kind of leaves me speechless.
For college freshman born 87 Lyme disease, I see.
So in other words, no, that's true, man.
I mean, you will give him when he was eating all the trees, all that bark when he was
barking up the wrong tree.
He wasn't worried about Lyme disease.
I mean, Bud Foster was worried about Lyme time.
It's certainly not about Lyme disease.
When the hell are they going to get those slots going?
How come we, I had the Fred Grimm history.
How long ago was that?
That was days ago, right?
Mm-hmm.
See, if we started the crossover with the Humper, we could discuss that with him.
Of course, he's not on the morning anymore, like that set of call we had on Tuesday.
What happened to the crossover?
We're like, Hank, don't do mornings anymore.
Okay, starting next Monday, he's going to be back to 4-7 in the afternoon, including
the most expensive hour and stuff for the talk video.
4-5 cross-address with Mad Dog.
How do you like that?
All right.
Yeah.
Now, we got big billboards up all around town.
Where's the QM promotion, baby?
Let's put the promotion in the basket and then before they put us in the basket.
Joyce, if this place was more if they put our best feet forward in Lyme, you know what
I'm saying?
Instead of always, oh, you can't do that.
Remember the dovels and you can't sit down?
Come right up.
How about the head of the dovels?
Fill up church store.
I like that one better than the dovel.
That was the original fill up church combo.
In fact, when you go into Wendy's, ask for the fill up church combo.
You'll throw your ass out.
13-18 on the assurvey.
Including three.
Are you really going to do that?
I don't see a heaven drum at the top.
That's it, those don't do.
All right.
Well, who's this?
Do Wendy eat a one of them?
No, it ain't.
It's oldest ready.
No.
Chuck Berry.
Sound like Chuck Berry's guitar to me.
Then that's how much Chuck Berry's guitar?
It does, but they all do.
Oh, here I'll give you another hint by the same group.
The Elyah.
The Elyah.
The Elyah.
The Elyah.
All right.
I'm supposed to know that?
Yeah, you're supposed to know that.
Get out of here.
Are you a crazy person or what?
This is Neil Rogers.
Whatever.
This is five-sixty quack solid.
CD Chopper.
The OCD crew is up against another tight deadline.
Things were going really slowly on the National Institute of Mental Health Bike.
Seems like everything was going wrong.
Oh, hey, Polly, you got a little oil on the Oslochris cover there.
Oh, Vinnie, no.
No, no, no.
It's okay.
I'll just wipe it up.
Hey, where are you going?
I've got to go wash my hands.
One, two, three.
And POP wasn't helping things either.
I got to make sure the gas tank fits on the frame.
You already checked it.
Well, I'm going to check it again.
But you already checked it.
But I got to check it again.
But you already checked it.
Hey, Polly.
Now, why don't you go wash your hands and leave me alone.
And that dirty?
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
One.
When it comes to building custom bikes.
And every single other thing you can imagine,
the tunnels are obsessed.
American OCD Shabbard.
147, speaking of Erzatz, you know, this Katrina survivor
from Louisiana that they've been pouring around
is Rocky Vacarella, praising Bush in a wonderful job.
He didn't, and went and had dinner with Bush and met him
at the White House.
And then he was in Sympathin, if he would have asked for
I just sent it for our website for tomorrow.
Total Erzatz, total phony.
He's a Republican candidate, a Bush supporter,
and a whole thing is all BS.
I see.
Just another photo op, just another lie.
Great.
But then what's one more?
Speaking of liars and BS artists,
Jew Lieberman, who's seeking to return to the US
and as an independent after losing his bid for renomination
by the Democratic Party in Connecticut,
is campaigning today with two Republicans in Connecticut.
Do you hear what I just said?
campaigning with two Republicans in Connecticut?
A message was posted last night as the blog
of Democratic challenger, Ned Lamont, indicating
that Lieberman is campaigning today with the Republican
governor, Jody Rill, and Republican Congressman Rob Simmons,
both of whom were up for reelection,
covered by the Associated Press,
referring to the event as a strategy session
to keep the military base in the grotton off the list
of military facilities facing closure.
Well, at least that's a little more honest anyway.
What a piece of turd that is, man.
And the new poll, by the way, showed Lamont
and two points behind Lieberman,
and the latest poll just came out in the three-way race.
You go, Dad, and the Republican candidate, this guy,
who's the card counter?
Yeah, the card counter, that guy, the gambler.
Oh, guess what movie was on last night?
Does that have nothing to do with my decision?
Nothing good would buy it anymore.
But it had to do with just enjoying the movie
because it was a Toronto-well movie.
Oh, that gambling movie.
The gambling movie was with it.
Well, it would, the Philipsy More Hopland.
Right. Good movie.
What is that called?
Ah.
Yeah, exactly.
It was on again last night.
It's still good.
Anyway, I got some anti-Wallmark crap here that you'll love.
The Dave's rifle in the Madison Capitol Times
in Wisconsin says, I figured something was up with Andrew Young,
the former UN ambassador in May of Atlanta.
But it came to Chicago a few weeks ago to fight
the City Council's plan to require big box doors like Walmart
to pay workers a minimum of 10 bucks an hour by the year 2010.
Council members didn't think the city should subsidize them
so often happen somewhere because of inadequate health insurance
and other benefits.
Mayor Richard Daily, however, is expected to veto the ordinance
any day now anyway.
So how come a guy with young screenenciles is on the other side?
I have to admit, I missed the announcement,
but sometime last year, Andrew Young became the chairman
of an organization called Working Families for Walmart,
from which he resigned the other day.
The group was created and financed by the Arkansas-based
gentleman to decide to take a more proactive role
in promoting its own story, taking on its long-listed detractors,
and what better figurehead than a man with angry young screenenciles?
Well, the one-time civil rights icon is now stepped down from his new role.
He just went to tent overboard for the world's largest retailer
when an interview with the LA newspaper declared that
ethnic moms and pops have been ripping off poor folks for generations.
You see, those are the people who have been overcharging us
you said of the small or the small store owners,
and they sold out and moved to Florida.
I think they ripped us off.
Andy Young is a genuine civil rights hero going all the way back to the founding of the movement
in the late 50s, early 60s. He was the favorite of the Reverend Martin Luther King,
Jr. I was with him today. He was assassinated in Memphis.
He became a champion of working people to bring his two terms in Congress from Georgia
and this may have had lantern. So it was strange, it seemed to me,
that Young now 74 would turn out proclaiming it would be unfair for a city
to require Walmart to pay $10 in our wages,
and at least $3,000 in our benefits, like health care,
with the source of plants to build in some of Chicago's low income neighborhoods.
Young declared that such a city ordinance would change Walmart out of town,
hence jobs would be lost for some of those low income folks in those neighborhoods.
A large majority of the council wanted this agreeing,
thinking that a 10-hour and hour salary for some four years from now
was at the least respect from a corporate giant beside
while the city wants the companies, what is it?
I can't, there's a word missing here.
First it was Jews, then it was Koreans and now it's Arabs, what he said.
Ripping off the dark folks, that's what Andy Young said.
First it's Jews, then the Koreans, now the Arabs.
A Walmart store in the hood apparently would solve the problem with these
really little guys. The interview naturally caused the huge outcry
and embarrassed Young quickly quit the Walmart gig, and it is quite addition to apology.
That's against everything I ever thought in my life he said,
never should have been said, and then it says,
that's what happens when good people sell their souls.
If you want to be happy for the rest of your life, make an ugly woman your wife.
That's what Jimmy Sol said. Now what he said, Jimmy Sol?
And who that was? Jimmy Sol.
You know what I mean?
Now who did that if you want to be happy?
Now Herman McKayne member of the Walmart,
I have a single advocacy group working families for Walmart is under fire
for a column that compares prominent Democrats to the heads of the logarithmic.
In fact, the John Kerry Rippen and Anne.
Is that Jimmy Sol?
Jimmy Sol.
Can an African American businessman and radio show host yesterday
posted the comment to the opinion website townhall.com in which he tagged
potential 2008 Democratic presidential candidates including Hillary Clinton
and Joe Biden as Hezbo Kratz determined to take down Walmart.
Kane used the expression Hezbo Kratz a dozen times throughout the column.
And like I said, John Kerry ripped him in,
a union support activist group wake up Walmart called on Walmart
to press release the denouncing and then it's association with the cadre
of right wing operators that currently employees under the made up name
of working families for Walmart, working families for Walmart, my ass.
153 at 560 WQM going back to school can be a little rough on the kids
and a good night's stay this critical for the development of a healthy mind.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting to school night bedtime,
maybe it's their mattress, get them a really good mattress,
taking a sleep into all kinds of fun stuff on.
Paul Dylem actress toll free at 1-800-Maphras.
They can recommend a mattress for kids of any age.
Have a new bed delivered to the eight in time to choose any day of the week,
seven days a week from 8-10pm.
You put it to our window and they'll be there on time, 99.99% of the time.
They can even deliver your mattress to the same day that you call.
That's why they're rated number one in the world and customers satisfaction
have been using them for years.
Call 1-800-Maphras right now.
Get the absolute best selection of CLE, Certos Simmons, King Quill,
Temporary Pnexperons and Foster, all that unbeatable prices.
In fact, check for low prices online at mattress.com or call Dylem actress toll free right now.
1-800-Maphras.
They'll be knocking on your door before you can say, oh, oh, girl, these on again.
1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Squeaky.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.60 QA.
It's day-oh, in Miami Town.
At 5.60 WQL.
I say for the more unsterilized, yeah.
It makes them be in sweaty.
I know I speak on the half of all the spoils by saying the sweatier is better, the above.
Yes, sure, it is said in the college in the Middle East.
And I'm a Jew, but who cares?
It's not as sports-related as that.
Right, clearance, and dissad me in a 15-a-bikes, 3-9-11.
I'm proud to say that I was right here.
I'm the best keeping all of you subtated under Hermit's team.
And the cycle of that was happening with Barry Bonds as a shame.
Even Western would have been to ward bonds, or get me in the US bonds.
Neal and James Bonds, wow.
And in fact, he knew some Faddo.
As come the women called his show.
I'm married, you know.
Despite my love-hate relationship with Mo.
Poor Mo.
At least he ain't got no hungry now to defeat.
Putting his family inside nothing to do with him.
With you?
Yeah.
I don't blame him, spiteful even.
Yeah.
I believe him too.
And you know him and I don't think.
All right, knock it off, Buster.
I'm not a Jew.
And I'm not.
I don't like nobody making fun of my family, see?
Oh, yeah.
How do you think all those people out in a zoo?
Why are you?
And I'm not a thing.
Oh, no.
You're trapped in it, Dad.
What?
Every time I get excited.
It's like the hope, you know.
It's like the hope, you know.
It's an honor.
What is it?
It's Mr. Pillow Pants.
Oh, I hate you, Mr. Pillow Pants.
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Nobody get out of here.
I know.
Now he's stopped now.
It's time for me to walk away slowly.
And very sadly.
Very sad.
Did it do it?
Bye, bye, bye!
