At 505, the temperature in South Florida's 82 degrees, I'm Bill McQuig.
For news, frequent weather and exclusive jet-cofter traffic, it's 610 WIOD depend on it.
And now, live to WIOD's new talk studio for a major news conference.
Here's Vice President and General Manager of WIOD and WGTR, Mike Disney.
I am extremely excited and proud to announce the signing of a major personality in South Florida to news talk radio 610 WIOD.
Neil Rogers has agreed to join the greatest lineup in talk radio in the country starting next Monday morning.
Neil will follow 13 year morning veteran Mike Rennery at 10 a.m. each weekday morning.
He will be the lead in to the market's top afternoon drive, Taukho Steve Kane.
We believe this to be the strongest talk lineup, not only in South Florida, but in the entire country.
The signing of Neil Rogers gives WIOD the market's number one morning, midday and afternoon drive Taukho's.
And with the Miami dolphins and the Miami Hurricanes play by play, it certainly makes WIOD the leading AM station in South Florida.
Neil, congratulations. Welcome aboard and now let's Steve Kane, Mike Rennery, Glen Hill and you take over on 610 WIOD.
That was impressive, wasn't it? Wasn't that fabulous? Let's hear it from Mike. Now what do you think he's going to be on, Mike?
I think this man has a big future in broadcast. He's really done.
Mike, sit down here. Sit down. So your shift is safe, Mike.
I want to congratulate you.
I think there's been an oversight here when they said we're signing a single major personality.
I think Dr. Glen Hill is joining the staff here. Doctor? Doctor? Well, I made you a doctor here.
You look like a doctor with those glasses. You've always said very kind things about me over the years, Steve.
I certainly have noticed that. Just when? And I met every single one of the people.
I mean everything that I say over the radio. Wow. More or less.
It's good to have you aboard.
Well, thank you, Steve. And that exciting, it seems like only just moments ago we were on the air and it's depressing.
More of a studio and just couldn't wait. The last half hour was like the last 20 years of my career.
It just went on and on and on. And I said, what kind of a douchebag places is it?
See, we got that in there right away. Right. Just douchebag.
I think it's douchebag. It's a douchebag.
How do you like that for changing his image? I would never say douchebag.
We only been here two minutes and already rubbing off on Renier here.
It's a new era. That's the revolution.
Wait, did you see the kind of crowd that's going to come hanging out in your restaurant?
No, wait, the only thing I can say is I have heard from time to time that maybe you have said some unkind things.
Not true about moi. Not true. The only thing we said and I am proud of you.
You know that he stood outside. Seriously, he stood outside at Studio Window for 20 minutes getting that finger.
That's the finger right out of his left nostril. And I'm proud of that.
I heard myself. Okay, my pick your nose. Okay, well, it's now my turn.
I'm going to get excited. I want to say this moment.
Let me just wait a minute. Can I say this? Yeah.
Because you know, I'm sure you think this I am the member of the Giron shot.
I am Mr. Ego. Oh, Mr. Ego.
Do you know now when I introduce myself at the Miami arena at the wrestling matches?
I introduce myself as Mr. Ego Steve Kane. And they boot like crazy.
That's only because I say from WIOD, the Miami Dolphin's Day.
They really boot like crazy. Yeah, I kind of cover myself.
But what I was going to say is as you know, Neil, I am the therapeutic one.
I think it's important that we're not going to be therapy now.
No, you see that from Monday.
Do you remember the last thing we did therapy? I ended up with no clothes on in the studio.
Oh, God. Anyway, frightening moment. We won't really.
We won't really bring back the little things.
I think it's important that we take this opportunity.
Given the opportunity, Steve gets like a douchebag, doesn't he?
You really get into it. Can I just say this?
I think it's important that we get it all out on the table in this hour and all these hostilities.
Like for example, the hostility mic that you just expressed towards Neil.
Now I am the time to get it out there.
And we can invite Patty Murray to come in too from the app.
Oh, I'm about to say she should say that I suggested that.
Let her get it out of resistance.
I did suggest that I won't tell you what she said.
Because it ever gets out of resistance.
I'm actually where two sizes smaller. Okay.
I got to take this an isolate. Let me take a good sense of you.
I got to take something. This is a Christmas party we can charge admission for.
I can promise you.
Anyway, is there anything you, Mike, will you put out that?
It's against the rules. Will you get the cigarette police in here please for this man?
I'm allergic. This is a really hostile act, Mike.
Do you know that? Why are you hostile?
No, I'm not being hostile.
You are being hostile. Trust me. You're being paranoid.
Trust basically a douchebag.
You hung up on that word.
You need this? Is it you uncomfortable here?
Yes. Okay. Well, I'm not a smoker.
I thought I was an honest answer.
That was an honest answer. He's uncomfortable.
You would rather smoke than be in your presence.
That's what he said.
Quite frankly, Mike.
If I have to do both, I'll split the difference in smoke.
I mean, uh...
Hey, put that cigarette out.
Get out of here.
Now, so there's nothing you want to get off your trip.
Glenn, did you say something about therapy a moment ago?
You're into it. You believe in that, don't you?
Uh, now, does this have something to do with Michael Desisto?
Tell me the truth.
Oh, gee. Don't you know?
I want you to know Michael speaks very well of you now.
Does he really? He's a big fan of you.
Now, this means we get the neat Michael Desisto, right?
Absolutely.
It's a great way to make exchange.
We brought for you Monday.
He's going to be here in person in the studio.
Dr. Vott, and he will be here with the Monday.
And it'll be the end of this joint, I'm telling you.
But Michael, you actually would like to be a guest on the Neil Rogers show.
What are you really?
Good luck to do. Good luck to him.
Good luck to him.
Monday, Monday. What can we look for Monday?
Well, we haven't even told anybody anything.
Now, did Mr. Hodgeout over here? Did he tell anybody what time I'm going to be on?
Or did he tell me?
Yes, he did.
Oh, man. You did say that.
He said you were going to be the lead.
He said you were going to lead.
And I said, the number one afternoon, I take that back.
It's nobody's perfect.
Anyway, tentative, right?
You don't have to show it to me.
Don't start getting defensive already.
I worked for plenty of defensive management in this market.
Trust me. Look, what this is.
This is going to be.
Can I say Dennis Collins on here?
Can I just say that?
What is it you would like to say about Mr. Collins?
I just want to say the name.
You just want to say the name?
You're coming from an environment.
We can't say anything, OK?
Get it all out of your system.
Dennis Collins.
Do they come good?
Yes, they do.
One time.
Dennis Collins.
Anything else you want?
How about Alice?
Alice Rantell.
Oh, you can't tell me.
And we don't want to pick on Sandy, because he worked with Sandy for a long time.
And they don't have the same.
Right.
Sustoos, nice and cheerful.
You guys were together.
Yeah, right?
That's the right.
And I have a feeling that every now and then he thinks about Jack from the beach.
Hello, lovely lady.
No, I'm sure.
Once in a great while and is a deepest sleep, Jack from the beach's voice comes back.
I think his recesses of his whatever.
I think he's struck a nerve.
I think we struck a rock out of that one.
How can you tell?
Because he's smoking sugar at the same time and passively.
He really does puff on those cancers.
I mean, I've got to take my whole nose.
I think we'll be doing more in the next episode.
Is this really irritating you?
I swear I wouldn't kid you.
I swear I wouldn't joke you.
I wouldn't joke you.
It really is horrible for me.
You love it, don't you?
Yes, I do.
He's happy.
This is going to be interesting.
This is by the way.
You were the only one that was possible.
I want to sound like a butt liquor and ingratiating all of today for a couple of minutes we will be.
What the hell?
But then Monday will tell the truth.
But the bottom line is this is the most incredible building.
This is a real reason we came over here is because Mitch Wien is the chief engineer.
The best engineer in America, Barnano.
Okay, trust me when I tell you.
And I have worked with some of the most in-epped and incompetent engineers.
Recently as a matter of fact.
Yes.
And I just want to tell you that it's paradise.
And that's why you came over.
Yeah, I thought it was for the money.
Well, I was a part of it.
I had to work with me.
That was a very big part of it because what the audience doesn't know is that Steve and I for the past six months have secretly been lovers.
We might as well now is the time to put it on the table.
Exactly.
So does Steve.
We are going to tell stories Monday.
If you want to know what we're going to do Monday, we're going to tell stories that have been too hot for us to tell on Zeta 4.
But we can tell them too hot.
Well, yeah, too hot.
Like about the two theory and stuff like that.
I mean, anything was too hot for us to tell.
Yeah.
Now we're going to tell stories that were just too sensitive to tell that they would freak out and have heart attacks.
So we can tell them on this air.
And we are going to tell stories Monday.
Steve, they will curl your hair.
I'm going to absolutely kind of wait.
In fact, I've got to tell you one thing.
Guys, now that you work here at WID, Mike Disney, our very fine boss and Bill Wise.
Total freedom.
I mean, anything and everything.
Bill Wise called me in the opposite of Steve.
He says, it's crazy as you want to get.
You can name the names, say whatever you want to say.
Total freedom.
Matter of fact, I know Steve has got the George Carlin album queued up in the other room.
The seven B.A.I. in case you got a cute, pretty good problem.
But we are.
We're going to tell stories.
It is going to be an issue.
No, for those that are worried about what?
About tales of the Vienna.
Our war days at Zeta 4.
Things that went on behind the scenes.
You're telling them, Rene Rene, he doesn't even know what Zeta 4 is.
Oh, I've heard you know.
Zeta 4.
I have not yet.
I have not yet.
If he had the gun to his head.
Obviously, not as many other people did either.
But that's not in the morning, though.
On the morning.
Of course, you're on Zeta 4.
And we're listening to our station while you were on your line.
Do you know we now have this is an interesting thing.
It's just struck me.
We now, for the first time, have a radio station that can really do a genuine battle of the talk shows.
We got the total.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
I thought that was the real thing.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Hello Steve.
Is it Mr. Mike?
Yes.
It's Henry there.
No sir.
Oh okay.
Thank God.
Steve.
Yes.
What do you think about the Harold Indoor thing George Bush?
Well it sure has a lot to do with what we've talked about here.
This is gonna help a lot of people.
Sir, how long did you wait on the phone?
About like 45 minutes.
I see.
Well we're gonna let you go into about 45 minutes.
We're gonna take a short break.
We are back with you, Steve Cain, on News Talk Radio 610WIODD Depo.
Neil, have you ever dined at the depo?
No but I've heard of this.
Great you are I'm being honest with you. I haven't been there but I heard that it's great. Yes. You said hey man
I said Neil I said Neil great joint. I said
Well you have an air to Neil part. I have you ever smoked it to the deep old I
Smoke my ears
If you come on the deep old tonight. Are you really you're kidding me? Are you really you're right? No?
I was gonna
Guys to be my guest. You're not gonna eat there. You're just gonna smoke I would like to
You know smoke yeah, that's his new campaign. I'd like to invite you Neil and Glenn to come on down to the deep
One of these nice what they have fabulous seafood. Shoot incredible. They have a a prime rib that is so
Incredible, it's especially that has they roasted in a rock salt cast to preserve all those natural juices and they float it in about a half
Inch of that arzu natural gravy
believable
Now can the audience come down and watch us eat. Yeah, only if they watch us eat okay
You're really now how to hurt a guy if you live in the South end of town
You are really gonna enjoy the depot incredible gourmet dining and they're located at 5830 South Dixie highway
Which is about two blocks south of the bakery center when you're in there you be sure
Fabulous fabulous fabulous I've seen it many times yeah Dixie highway right yeah
What were we talking about what we talked about the middle fear no no before the depot what's the air we were talking?
Do you want to repeat that what we were talking about you're hey there were no
Well, wait a minute was that the spot there what that was the spot that was that was yeah gourmet dining at its best at the depot
delicious delicious
Primer is fierce excellent serve as you as we say in don't start with that next up
All right now what was the question all about Alice yeah now what was this a challenge?
An ultimate what do you mean an ultimate and what the hell does that mean what you want to know what it means?
It means evidently just in case in case this particular reporter that's because I was just gonna say that he has issued an
Ultimatum that he's not gonna let you attack his self-esteem anymore or something
What does that mean attack his self-esteem? How can you attack what a person doesn't have right no?
But what the hell is that mean Alice it means he is desperate and he wants us to talk about I mean you know something
I think we should do it. I think we'll excuse me. No, I think we ought to talk about Alice. You're right
I think I think it's the least we can do because quite frankly
He's the only vestige of anything which isn't much that's hanging on over there by a thread and basically when they start playing Chinese melodies on Monday
I don't know if you'll fit the form to do two seconds of your Jerry witchner do your Jerry
Oh, no, I'm not doing Jerry. Oh come on while Mike is here
I don't know Craig were they know but that's later on
Anyway, so you know everybody want that you want everybody in this business. Yes, seriously
You already owe me upfront because everybody in this business and maybe a lot of them have diaries, you know
Our listening right now everybody in this market. Yeah, there's no question of them
At them I guarantee you that even while he's on the air your buddy Lee is list is monitoring the show as we speak
I spoke to Lee this morning and he is
Dissterically happy about this for us and he is absolutely Lee Valor and we count on some of those famous calls
We can well he can't because he's on the end disposed
End of two he's in the show you mean from you. Oh, yeah, who you'll call you absolutely
Well, that'll be great won't I am sure that everybody there's something we got it
We have to get straight because everybody comes to me and says you would neo working together you two guys hate each other
I think it's I think it's appropriate at this moment that you tell the audience exactly how you feel about me and
I love Steve passionately and I always have had the secret thing
Well since he shaved his beard I must say he's not as cute as he used to be no
You know what do you know why I shaved my beard? It has to do with you as a matter of fact
That's really you know why you got on there
Remember we ran into each other that night up at that Chinese restaurant
And I heard a terrible thing that you said about me at the Chinese restaurant about how they said I was some kind of a slime ball and
No, how dare I go up here and eat there one ton soup with
Don't you believe that wasn't true at all
Okay, Mr. Neal and I ran into it. This was a sponsor that I had that was a great place by the way
In fact, absolutely KT and I were up there at the depot and you were up there trying to steal a sponsor with stand as I remember
And and you got on the air the next day and you said a cane looks so old like you
Daged
You know because my beard had granite no you didn't look good and I got up the next way I look at the mirror and I said my god
Neil is right and I took my razor is always right. I took well let's not put your time
I took my razor and I was in choice between cutting my wrist or shaving my beard and I decided to shave my beard
And I've been clean shaving ever so others I'm responsible for absolutely and I do look 10 years younger. Did you have a beard?
Where we had a beard when I got here I never noticed I was now
Now
Man, it's out of it. He is out of it
We got him in the battle of the talk show. We had a letter of me now the talk show host all we have is where we all take off
I get invited is there any soaching gonna be on that what?
Absolutely
We have to set a time limit on the concentration camp is
Seriously, I mean after the first six hours it's gonna be me turn you are a lot more near these nice guys
Yeah, you only heard people you love right? I mean you did a couple of too many issues on socks
But other than that he was all right. What were you gonna say? Well that passing gas show
We had a letter many many months ago. Steve a famous famous letter over at Zeta and at the a PS on the letter said PS
Neil is right all about everything. I think my mother wrote that one. Yeah, no she did not and we remember that stuck with his for some reason
We have found out over the years years. I've worked with Neil that basically he is right
We're never able to do now and it's this is proven this is great. This is proven. I think by your beard story
Yeah, well he was right on the good. I'm telling you what I really looked
You never have a beard no kidding
Do shevelled and gray and like aging and now you look like a bench look at this man
You know some of you lost weight you look fabulous
Like a rip man you never heard so much but looking
Neither one of us means award of it you know, but it's just a radio show
He lost weight if we can sit yeah, oh you're here. You had a beard and he lost
I've missed the hell of a lot here
This man you all have that anorexic look like you've got okay Mike. So just put it on
But anyway the people and the radio wars people never understood about the radio wars that it was it's fun
You love it don't you I love go that's so now wait a minute that was when your buddy like is was here, okay?
Well, he got the real and he was a little carried away. You know Tom don't be on Tom don't like it's okay
And
I don't have any idea now. I haven't got any idea I did see him on on with wartownie
And he was under with the Alan as a matter of fact and with who else who was under Jerry Williams
I'm sure we got another show Jerry was on with me when you sent him up with that information to sabotage me
Never pulled the trigger. Oh, I saw that you know about that. I saw that show. No, I don't know you don't know about that now
I saw him on the show. He know he was talking about Duke caucus and he had all that meal in the
Seriously about his recall campaign. I never saw no, I'm talking about when he we were on I was on
Who's it? Which one was it heraldos on heraldos? I never saw that you're on heraldos
He's a heavyweight any
Oh
No, no, but you will be I will be this is when we play group therapy Mike
I can't wait to get you in a good game of group therapy
And and what was the TV show where Don web was the Casanova? Oh, yeah, that was any opera. Yeah, I missed that yeah
Well lucky you yeah forging you're lucky guy Don with go we used to think old. This is gonna be like the old days
That's what I'm afraid of no no, it's great in the old
I'm impressed whoever does hope for his research that they seek doubt in
Yeah, I thought I was gonna find one Casanova the Casanova is Don web
Yeah, well done has a way with the ladies. They tell me second only to one of your favorite people who's that you know
The biggest Casanova in Miami is Rick's item and that is a fact a fact
Do we have to get started on him now? You're not gonna attack my good friend Rick. I wouldn't do that
Rick is a nice man and he speaks very well of you. I've heard yeah
Did you hear I took did you hear I took Rick and
Who sat to dinner and they made friends they made for to the depot yeah, we have a pretty tight right now
They are good friend
It shows our appetite. I can make peace with
Exactly that is the fact but don't count on the three of us going to dinner okay
So on Monday now listen to greater news of it is we can actually say no you taking a cider man
Oh a cider man. Oh, oh, I don't think that'll be happening soon
I think I think there's about as much chance of that happening is do caucus winning a massive victory next to me
I think it would be great. Are you looking forward to the Christmas party? I really am
The Chris backfiring these eight of four Christmas party and we've got some really surprises for them
It'll be great hermenemic being my good friends
Patty
I will be there Rick and Joseph and your own personal. Yeah as a matter of fact
I understand that the
When word got out that you were coming over here and no word got out well the word rumors rumors
Have been running rampant that the sports department
Mr. Weaver Mr. Goberg Mr. Zagai they put together remember they said anything you can do to get Neil any pay him anything bring
Yeah, because they love you because they know you were a sports oriented person
Yeah, I think that the dolphins are weak in the hurricanes are
You know something else right you don't like the hurricane not at all now
I'm that in fact there was an article in the
St. P. Times that led into the editor about the hurricanes it from a Notre Dame
Fan uh-huh, and they went on and on about the stuff that happened before the game in the fist fights
Really?
a whole song and a dance and it was just like every every season we have the same kind of thing would you be Johnson?
Okay, I don't want to attack him this first day. I'm not even on the air. I'm just a guest right okay, but that wig for crying out loud
Already but you get along well with sir you get along well with Rick
I mean he looks like how do you do the and drag for crying out loud. What's that you get along with Rick?
Along with Rick is one of the great play by play. I've always said though
Yeah, one of the great play by playing out using the country's getting a little surly
But I don't blame him if you said that team to you know work with you'd be surly too
Hank is a good friend of mine. He's a fellow degenerate. He loves the track matter can be not you know
He's fat and he loves the track. What more does anybody need?
Yeah, and he keeps running out there to California allegedly to go to Prittikin and only wants to do is go to Santa
Need a Hollywood ever con you on that okay?
Joseph Jackie another one of your personal favorite to be in many comas
Is a nice guy
We need to work on it voice over it is gonna be wild on Monday. We're coming out. We're pulling out all the stops
Yeah, and trust me. We're gonna say nice back
We're gonna say douchebag several times in fact Collins. We better find a new word because Reneerie has already stolen you like that
From us. Did you see how that appealed that he just gone nuts with that?
Like a child with a candle up three cigarettes in a row douchebag douchebag
He just never said douchebag on a radio
Until they're never a douchebag on a radio
Look because douchebag the thing you don't say on a radio
But don't you enjoy the freedom now that you said it
You feel like you've been emancipated not a parade in the 18th century not really
Whatever you say Mike
And Bill called he says
Man, it's been so quiet yet another cigarette you're lining up. I'm really suffering you love that right well
Mike is quiet. Anyway, what I was gonna say and I've started several times
But Mike keeps interrupting with douchebag is that now what does this mean Greg Buu del question mark who put that one?
Codone put that there. What does that mean? I guess he wants to know what you think that's appropriate
Don't you Greg Buu del question mark? I guess he bro
One time is it that pretty well. Yeah, let's say there are people in this market who are celebrating tonight
Oh absolutely all these morning guys great they're gonna get these gigantic numbers now and what Greg's sunny
Yeah, my good friend Sonny am I say? Oh?
Greg I'm friendly with all the people I like sunny. I don't have any problem
Sonny is super gentle the dentist about 10 months ago, okay?
And I ran into sonny who was there at the same dentist and he was having a two-gram-a-boon bottle caps removed from his dentures and
No, seriously he admitted to me that he tapes my show every day and he listened to it when he got off the air
That is a groupie. Okay. I mean when you do five hours in a morning and you're taping the competitor
Shoes you go and listen to I mean that's an incredible groupie. I have no that's a douchebag
Okay, like I said that's a well I hate to tell you Greg be the other not have any ratings before Neil went on in the morning
Yeah, we just helped him along a little bit and we just heard him a little bit
He may come back in his last book just like do caucus in the polls
You know they peeking and all of a sudden I'm out speaking at the right time exactly
But then of course there are those who are tonight as we speak flashing their wrists. Yeah like
Well everybody at WNWS
You know you gotta feel better and the amazing part of it is they got that fluke book. Yeah, okay
They really did the summer book there was one month where they had like everybody in
Who listens to them got a book evidently and they had a fluke summer book and they've been living on that
You think that they were the greatest things since sliced bread and yet anybody knows a station that you can't hear on your radio
Can't get a five. Okay. Just didn't possible the worst audio in the market
Now we'll look up a little again if you go into the book the book is everything is
Everybody's over the eight plus yeah, there's where we nearies grandparents
Gentlemen, yes, it's break time. All right. We are gonna take a short break out the suggestion of mr. Rinary for news update
We'll be back you're listening to the Steve can show on 610 W I O D
Good afternoon. I'm Bill McCoy in the 610 W I O D new center
These are some of the stories we're following for you at 535. Yes, it's true. Neil Rogers is returning to a
M. R. Talk radio he'll join the W I O D lineup on Monday from 10 until 2
We're all looking forward to the new lineup of Rinary Rogers and Kane
credible news incredible sports whether with Bob Soap or an exclusive jet copter traffic
It's South Florida's morning show with Mike Rinary now back to Steve Kane a news talk radio 610
W I O D we are back with you Steve Kane on news talk radio 610 W I O D
Culver and Don the conservative investors investment firm 10% that's it
Culver and Don recommended to local Sam wants you to earn more you do listen to my show
Now I have the same commercial
Don't make it great straight
Culver and Don wants you to know that you can earn 10% by investing in Ginny Macer certificates
That's right based on accelerated principal payments telemic from a Ginny May purchase that available distance
I will write very well raise 10% 10% 100% safety back by uncle
San like better to welcome now one word of warning, you know that
Effective yields and
Remaining remaining principal value. I'm sure he may vary so if they want to get that 10%
They got a check they got a call right now 444 4 6601 man has a mind like a
Whole T1800 444 46601
Does this mean we've split the telep
Culver and Don investments you can bank on look for their added business Monday
They are members n a s d n s i p. C. You got it all right, well, what is it?
Where it says when he does a sipping key says when he doesn't I don't know cuz I don't listen I always you know now
You're not missing a lot. I haven't listened in ages. Okay
Really you really have you listen to me. Yeah, sure whatever you say Steve
I can't pick up that station W's barely many I really like right there in Miramar
I can't hear and you can't hear it at all and let's take let's take a couple of course a line eight in West Palm
You're on w i o d. Hello. Good evening. Good evening. Congratulations, gentlemen
Thank you all four of you. I think it's I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing for radio
Certainly a great thing for w i o d. I know you don't like to take the same color twice in a day
I was earlier caller, but I just had to call up and say congratulations to all of you. Oh, thank you
We appreciate your good way to make it a step through. Hey, I can't have one more thing to say
I can't wait till the honeymoons over and y'all get each other's throat because then it'll really get him
You love that right? I don't be like to love it. Yeah, I like it when you are on different
States. You like when Neil gets nasty with me and it insults me and tears me apart and calls me Mr
You like that right now you like to see me in pain sir, right?
No, no, no, no, no, you Steve or Mike or or Glenn or Neil or any of you. I just think you guys
You'll all you'll all interact pretty good together
I hope you're thanks again, but you're the chemistry we'll see let's move it in
Incredible. My amy you're on w i o d. Hello
Hello, well, the secret admirer
Hello, go ahead
Yes, will you play my boyfriend back Monday? Yes, yes, we will. Let's see island it's me island
Let's hear it for the island
In the 10 o'clock hour Monday. Trust me. I'll be there. They can island
They gave it back to Neil when he left the building this morning and give me back all that
Band stuff boy. You're gonna hear every bit of it on Monday. Trust me. All right. We got it back to see if you wait long enough
Exactly aren't you excited? Oh, it's very nice. Are you gonna be okay? I'll be much better now
Hi
Hi, how are you doing? We thank you for calling
Bye-bye. Thanks so much for your call. Is this what you would call typical Neil Rogers?
We like definitive hits the profile right on the bus. Now, let's go to Hollywood. You're on w i o g
Hey guys, let's go on good
Congratulations and Neil do you think you'll leave it on the oven now that you're in
The oven
Yeah, all of our favorite
Oh, do we bring every side? Who is the yovon? No, this is just a guy who made up a word and every once in a while
It called and go along for about 30 seconds and sound very rational and you'll slip in yovon
Which doesn't mean anything, but it's like it's like an attack. It's his way of
emancipating
Yeah, where you got douchebag now you got yovon man
We're in Mary after only years of hiding gun to heaven and he can't believe it y'all my name bronca
Okay
This is you have people that are like institutionalized exactly
These people will literally literally basically save a least now just think Mike they'll all be calling us
Mean stream
Miami you're on w i o d hi
All right, just want to say this is fantastic. You like it already right very exciting just a couple of things
It doesn't mean it's the end of the other tech now and again, isn't it the end of what the other tech on each other now
Oh, no, we're gonna be doing we'll do some contrived attacks every time we will see so nasty
Just to keep us going and Steve and one d'arshi what's gonna happen to the new system program with a bird and Neil ran now?
Well the bird is not a candidate and we'll work on you
Ha ha good question sir by the way all right. That's gonna be great. Yeah. Thanks for your call good luck all right
Let's go to where we're going hold up some finger. This is not funny. It's all your audience brutal. Let's go to
That's why I said brutal just the way we like them. Yeah
All right, I'm getting this oh
Surprise
The less celebrity caller hotline you're on w i o d hello
Just a minor celebrity, but it's gonna be great to have all of you guys leading up to the weekend show at w i o d
This is fabulous for me. Hey, first of all, will you please earning?
Hey, Neil wouldn't be great if we could get Taffy McCallum back dig up John Broward. It'll be just like the old age. Oh, hey
Come on
You are that guy is still warm man. Hey, that's incredible early. I have you no sense of decency
Not what well. Oh, it is a macarasing prospine
Don't watch the left right learn from the masters. How could I really listen? It's interesting. Ernie should be caught
Because I heard that he was taping that quichio that he does and right about this hour concentration
Not once not once at w i o d have I done a concentration
To show I don't think I don't get tongue-tied now. I don't know it's emotional
But please try to continue citing emotional time for me
Ernie, I must tell you that we had a special appearance this past week and this past week
Was Halloween yeah, and at Zeta they had a special thing at booby a park in Fort Lauderdale, you know a Halloween carnival
And Taffy was there. I don't know if you heard about it or not. How could you tell well they had electric chair. You didn't have an electric chair. Yeah
What how was she dressed and was she wearing her black mask she was dressed as fryer tux
Hey Neil, I'm thrilled to have you on board no kidding. Okay, Ernie. It's great to be back with you pal and clean up your act
We'll see you later. Okay, all right. Let's go to Miami you're on w i o d. Hello. Hello, Neil
Neil I'm so glad you're back with the bird
The boys the bird and the boys
We're going to be morning via the radio
What's that and I listened to Steve in the afternoon
My radio life was incomplete is Craig Anderson was back Craig Anderson
Yeah, I thought he was with the Bengals wasn't he yes, okay? He's now playing with him. He's a center for the Bengals. Okay, but I'm this
But I love you
Thanks for your good
Bye-bye. Let's go to this is now our crowd. Yeah, they're okay
A little reluctant to first know how they're really doing. Let's go to
Volka you're on w i o d. Hello. Hi, this is veggie from boka. Oh, yeah veggie. How you doing veg? Hi, how are you doing?
Do you remember me? How can I forget?
I listen guys. I'm it's appropriate
We had the island queen called a little while ago
So first you get the fruits and then the veg
Yeah, it's a balance we call this balance. What's going on? Hey listen? I just turned in are you actually really coming to
No, it's just a big place. It's just a way to get the people over and say to ticked off
That's why I'll be back on Zayda tomorrow morning. Yeah, you should live so long
You're not really going to
Of course Monday you dummy come on veg. What are you trying to live up to your brain? What is the intelligence level of your average career?
It takes me a while to catch on it buddy up slow borderline sir. Are you listening to me veg?
Okay, now do you have a radio live you have an AM radio sir?
Can you find six ten on the dial w i o d?
Okay, when we're not getting married sir. Just discuss
Monday morning from tentative. Do you remember when I was on a.m.? Do you go back that far?
From ten to two on w i and z
I went in the sand back then
Where the guys see when we were on winds sir. Will you listen to me and shut up?
When we were on winds midday we had a great show
We had a lot of fun. We used to eat. We used to just play all kinds of wild stuff
And then of course they sent us off of that little operation and things went away for a little while
So we're going to go back to that and it's going to be more fun than you ever heard in your life
What does they think of this?
What are they? They're thrilled. They aren't equal to death man
They think we'll pack your sandwiches and good luck to you and we're going to get that classic broccoli man
And if we don't do at least a one two with a boy then we don't know what the hell we're doing
Trust me. They don't
With him Williams knows about this business we could stick in Rene Rizastri and have room for the Chinese army leftover
I want to be okay
Just strike around now. Oh is that true?
Yes, just strike around. Absolutely. Well wait a minute. I want to visit on it. We'll work it. We'll work some
We will work it out. What day is that?
We don't have it said it'll be before the end of the year. We're going to have him in with Amberlyn Jeff for you and Amber for me
Okay, a boy for you and a girl sounds good to me. Yeah. All right. Anyway, I thank you very much. See we're now. We're gonna now can I say on Amberlyn?
I'm you can I sit on Amber's lap
That day is that okay? And the old man said I'm just laughing. There you go
And it's something else. Well, who's laughing? Why gonna sit on you have a dumb button here don't you? Yeah
But
Now did you ever dream you would have this laugh on your show Steve? I mean ever honest now
You don't laugh as much as you used to use to that used to be by the way
He was an intensive negotiations with Mike Disney and he is getting paid by the cacola
See that there he goes. Yeah, yeah, I
You did I thought it was on tape. He didn't listen to you
Some of it was all right. We are going to have to the fun is just beginning folks
This is fun. I'm honest. This is like seriously for us. This is so much fun
It's weird fact Dennis Collins wants is so twice. Do you know and Alice you know
That you're attacking yourself. Okay now do that that should it. Let me ask you okay, because obviously you're the genius
No seriously go ahead. What do you think? Al should we give him a break then he won't have it? What see that takes away
His crybaby thing then he got nothing to cry about we just call him out. I would say that if we don't call him mr
Mr. Rantel mr. Rantel has a pretty much. So who is this guy you keep talking about right now? I don't
We got I don't know you don't know anybody in this morning. No, I have no
Just come and do your show go back go to sleep and that's it
We're gonna be by the way if you think that he doesn't bed rip off of me
Al if you can hear a laceter and Tampa man you would hear your hair out. He was one of the major
Jerks of the world. That is just incredible. Yeah nice voice, but no mom
Neil and I done totally different things were both in central Florida this past weekend and both of us heard laceter
You know and they got the he's on the FLA press with Tampa now
This is a news talk station with NBC news at the top of the hour and they have this incredible ID that comes on it goes
WFLA Tampa St. Petersburg lock it in rip off the knob
But he sounds like weird and then NBC News sounder comes on it so yeah, so we're a some truly incompetent talk to your host
Why we'll talk about that? Oh
Everybody we know we're gonna take a break
We want to send you and a guest to Hawaii for the pro bowl with Bob Kuchin burglarie Zonka for details on winning
Listen to micronary mornings or call Bob Kuchin burglarie an associate's a 3817890 now back to Steve Gaines on
Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD we are back
All right, now wait a minute. Let's get out of the enclosure
I got this stuff and a recent opportunity
I've got this new little gimmick here so I can limit my spots to 60 seconds
So I know we'll absolutely throw my pocket to death alarms by HRD
Now you always you know I heard you ask on here once why do I always start by giving them that
You always announces the name of the spot of the beginning always know that like a billboard which I guess is good
What do I think Mike has flipped a circuit here? What is going on Mike? What is the alarm? Is that was that what that was?
It sounded more like would see the old
Yeah, Tweety bird I gotta tell you that that wouldn't really do very much if I was a burglar breaking in I wouldn't
Wouldn't scare me a bit
Anyway, Sans have said a little talk much for a living
Did you know that 95% of the people that call alarms by HRD call and castle? Okay, forget the spot
It wouldn't surprise me after this can you can you please behave yourself?
Now I'm gonna hit this button again stop
Give me a 60 second and I want something like that you did for the depot it was like 15
13 I tie off the seat. It's a great place and the food is outrageous and you're always good in 15 seconds
They got an alarm by this John that he's talking about right now too. I know what it's like
We do like the other 40 seconds of getting their money
Go ahead you got to do this work back it up on time here and the sun is getting pretty upset. Okay
As I started to say before you realize by the way that when I came to this time I will get this in before the end of the show
Don't worry. Yes, listen in 1976 March 1st. I'll never forget that horrible day
I came to the cat KAT and sunny was the sports director at KAT now here
We are 12 and a half years later and I walk in here at WIOD these palatial studios and there's sunny
Standing in a hallway looking the same the standing around doing nothing just like he did at the KAT
Was in crime hasn't changed a bit. He's a good guy. I'm really is. All right. And he speaks very well of you. I know
Allarms by HRD people you can trust
Now this is getting ponderous. Yeah, it's getting pretty stinking
He whizzed. Bip will you just be?
I'm not doing anything man. I'm not smoking. I'm not doing anything
Why risk losing the possessions of a lifetime every single thing of value you own your baseball cards your collectibles jewelry
Cash silver appliances
I don't have any baseball cards. I don't have any jewelry. I don't have any collectibles
Maybe even the life of your family. Why don't we do in the baseball car? You're white. What?
Do we have to look at baseball cards? Now I'll let you do that show again, but only if I'm here okay
Will you do a baseball card? You're putting me on you made fun of them on the air you because it's a dreadful topic
But you put your into it
Yeah, and so are seven other people in the audience okay and four kids or under the age of three you're wrong
I've finished this bomb. A bomb's high HRD. Oh, this is one that got the alarms people you can trust
Now we had the first thing we did we moved into our new home
We had the great field safer alarm system put into that house and if anybody so much is trying to stick a
There knows in our premises and alarm goes on a siren that will awaken the dead now Mike put their nose where now Mike
Yeah, he said awaken the dead that should be your cue good mark
Excellent and not only that the little light goes on at your closest police station cops will be there in a matter of moments to arrest the perpetrator
That's enough Mike
Okay, call alarms by HRD for a no charge consultation in day two five two ten fourteen
That's two five two ten fourteen and it brought five two five zero one zero four five two five zero one zero four along by HRD
And this is the first six-minute commercial that I have every day a minute
Let's take a call going to where are we going to what is what's happening here? I see no numbers up here
Line one. I'm just gonna hit a number. You're so picky hello. You're on the air
See if I you don't yes
You want to ask your question now I tune in a little late. What's going on? Neil's gonna be starting next week
Neil is going to be doing mid-days here. Yes tend to two
Any other questions? Yeah, my question is this I I enjoy your show
And enjoy the substance most times I disagree with you a lot by enjoy a lot of the time mainly on my baseball card suggestions
No, what what I want to ask is
Are you worried about any of the morns?
They're gonna tune in from ten to two for that garbage and the outputs on the air going into your show and calling into your show
You have quite a bit of morns calling them now. Yes. I've noticed. Yeah, sure. We want to get him some new morons like you okay, sir
And thank you so much for getting him a real good moron have niels mother call the show. Oh, hey
These mean thank you for sharing time like you says brother. Let's go on to the hotline high your on w io
I just didn't want to miss a party. This is mag. Hey mag mag green are financial lady. How you doing mag?
How do we best all those great bucks you're making?
I'm just a token woman on a station right? Oh, no, don't be modest man. Well, I'm not being modest
This is a gorgeous sexy wonderful f- you would just love this lady great. I love her already
Just bringing bags of money mag. That's all we care about. I'll try. Okay. Welcome to you. Thank you very much. Okay. All right
Thanks for calling me. Let's go to line
Five you're on w io d and brown. Hello. Hi guys. Hi psych. You're what? I'm psych. Oh, I think you're a psycho. He did
No, not a psych. Okay. You're happy. Well, you made my way. I gotta say this is gonna be fast gonna be the old age
You know you're right that a m talk radio wasn't what it used to be back in your early days
statement of that and coming back. Yeah, it's coming back. Yeah, FM is dead right FM is dead. It's finished
Other than GTR which is still throbbing in the other part of the building
FM is dead as a doornail sir. You guys are doing great. And of course life we have to mention life. Yeah life is pumping it out. Yeah, by the way
Yeah, you're you're gonna be able to talk like you used to on wind trust me sir
It's gonna be just like our old mid-day show. I think you're gonna wear it in the air. You just bagged it and mung brain. Okay. There you go
All right, keep it up guys. Okay. All right. Thank you for calling. Let's go to line
Yikes nice good question. How long is this show on? I don't know. It's after six. It's after one six oh, hey
Goodbye everybody. We will see you have a listening to the steep kicker 610 W I O G
