Yeah, I have the number for the sun sent.
I need to order so I can cancel it.
925 55 11.
Okay, I don't have it now.
Oh, wait a minute.
No, that's not the right number.
That's the wrong number.
Oh, geez.
That was the sun Tatler number.
Oh, I think different.
I don't have it.
Oh, anyway, I do have to call information, you know.
Okay.
I have a number for aerospacemith.
I've never wrought my e-mail.
You call that yet?
No.
Okay, you want it?
Yeah.
Okay, it's 1-900-660-1-200.
Okay.
Great.
And Bird.
Yes, sir.
You're not a whim, just a whiff.
You're so kind.
You're so kind.
I'm glad you clarified that for yourself.
Oh, two things before I go.
It was terrible.
Okay, it's a 890.
They probably enjoyed it.
Not that was good.
890 and J4.
We have an open line of dates.
6209.
What?
6209.
6600.
Boy, I'm getting really tongue-tied after that, huh?
Well, that was just for everyone on hold.
62009.
66009.
It's amazing how much of my material just sales by your brain and never even makes an impact.
Let me make sure that we were on delay.
Oh, wait a minute.
Now, what do you mean make sure that we were on delay?
Yeah, we were.
What the hell is that all about?
Wouldn't that be quite an awakening?
What he said, we could let it go.
Now, what did you say?
He wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if I wouldn't have dumped it.
Now, what did you say that I missed?
What did you say?
No, no, we're not going to.
We only go forward on a show, not backwards.
We never go back.
Oh, the consultants.
Yeah, the freakout.
Exactly.
Our consultants would have a nervous breakdown.
It's like, but I did that on that record.
Didn't I with a guest who did I say that was I always do that.
Because I think it's nice for the audience to have some idea of who it was and what the name
of the record was just in case they don't know.
Pretty revolutionary.
It's like there are a lot of real young people listen to this show and they don't know from
sure the land of the guests who.
I know.
They like it, but they don't know what it is.
In my lifetime, there have been many of those experiences.
I liked it, but I wasn't sure what it was.
It's a 820 on Zeta 4 and we'll come right back.
23 after 8 on Zeta 4.
I want to thank our friends at the Tastreet Rotisserie for the 8,000 gallons of honey mustard
today.
I don't know what I'm pulling.
We're going to have some real wild weenie roasts, I guess, in the future.
Now, the exact stuff is too good to waste.
You got enough?
Wow, for this week anyway.
Now, in a couple of minutes, we're going to have, if Patty Murray is listening, then sure
she is.
We got something that's going to knock her socks off in just a second.
First, we got to take this long distance call on three.
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Where you calling from?
I'm calling from Pompo-no-Beats.
Alright, calling long distance from Pompo-no-Beats on the day line.
Yeah, well, I can never get through on the Broward line.
Yeah, well, when you're in Pompo-no-Beats, you got to start calling when you're young because
you age very quickly up there.
No joke, man.
You know all those blue hair.
Yeah, I love the way they drive up there.
Well, I'm telling you, they just put it in reverse and just let it coast.
Especially in Winnmore Village in Coconut Creek.
Yeah.
You could see them.
I have seen them, believe me.
Have you seen the Century Villageers out in West Bokka?
No, in West Bokka, why bec't you that's dangerous?
Yeah, about two months ago, a guy drove through a pool, through a pool area, and took two people
with him and killed him both.
Terrific.
Well, he was taking a little shortcut.
You know?
No joke.
You want to take a couple with him, right?
Right.
Alright, I called because you said they're going to pass this code book in Broward County.
That's what it says, yeah.
Yeah, well, they passed this code book in Palm Beach County schools three years ago.
Yeah.
Alright, if you have a water gun, they suspend you for three days.
Wow.
Alright, if you have a packet cigarette, you get O.R., which is the opportunity room, which is in-house suspension.
Opportunity room, but that's a, isn't that a cute way of putting it, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And plus, all the schools are fenced in.
All the high schools are fenced in.
Oh, yeah.
Alright, and you cannot even think about getting near the fence.
Yeah, I think.
That's somebody getting near.
We had a call from one of the principals up in Palm Beach County.
What was in the Heinrich Himmler call this?
Oh, really?
I mean, you could hear Nancy said after singing in the background, these boots are made for
water.
I'm telling you, it was dangerous.
But I went to Boko High.
Yeah.
Alright, and Dr. Johnson came in in my first year, okay, and the school was in fence
then there.
Yeah.
And within like a month, the school was fence then.
Oh, Dr. Johnson.
I remember his brother, Dr. Mengele, yeah.
Yeah.
Dr. Johnson was a guy, and he just put the word, a privilege in there.
Terrific.
You know, he got the school under the fence, this fence again.
Yeah, discipline.
I know what that's all about, yeah.
Yeah.
He wanted everybody under his phone, I guess, you know.
So to speak.
So to speak.
Well, Neil, I hope you all win a lot of money today.
I hope so, man.
I'll tell you if we do, we'll just share it with the audience tomorrow.
And birds, why don't you go live them?
Yeah, you ought to come out there.
Really?
Your public would be awaiting you out there.
They'd be just delirious.
Yeah, right.
No big deal.
I'm telling you.
Well, I don't have a good time.
Okay.
Hey, take care, Neil.
You too.
All right, hey, if you all need anything delivered, call Olympic delivery service in Boka.
Okay, and say hi to Dr. Mengele for us.
All right, feel it.
Am I?
826 on Zeta Ford.
In fact, yeah, part of the new discipline code in Broward County.
That says no heavy leather, no whips and chains, only the faculty.
Can't bring the whips and chains.
Now, this is a little recording we did yesterday at Teravella High up in the Pearl Springs.
Okay, now it was a little lecture from lunch break.
It's 27 after 8.
And what a town this is, huh?
Isn't it great to live in almost America?
I mean, we're closer.
We're like a stones throw from the states here.
We're almost close enough to get there by bus.
What is he doing?
What is he doing?
Under your own reading the paper.
I'll tell you one thing.
If he starts getting to learn how to read the racing form, you don't, you think it's bad now.
You'll never get him involved in this show, man.
He'll have that form in there every morning scouring, getting the scratches and just going out of his mind.
What's the scratch?
Don't tell him, okay?
Oh, God.
Don't even tell him.
Yeah, next you'll want to know about first time in Lasix horses, okay?
I don't encourage him.
I was just talking to Ron Harrison from last year.
And he just had some guy on his show that is a DJ in Baltimore who refuses to get off the air until the Orioles win a game.
And he's been on the radio for like 50 something hours.
And I was just...
He was on for a long time.
Now they're playing Milwaukee again tonight and then they have a day off and then they're playing Kansas City starting Friday through Sunday.
What a weekend.
Where are they playing Kansas City?
At Kansas City.
Oh, on the road.
So they probably won't win them.
So this guy's going to be on maybe for like the whole season.
Great.
Another month.
It's 828 on Zeta 4-year marathon station.
Why don't we do something like that?
Yeah, for our Major League Baseball team, okay?
Well, now I think this is great.
I got an idea.
Why don't we just stay on here till we get our Major League game?
I don't know.
I'll be on the air forever.
We'll have to send our bets over to Calder.
Now, come on, you guys.
Those birds made history.
And you guys are making fun of them, you know?
I mean, come on.
So anyway, it's 829 on Zeta 4.
If you're wondering about that, we did have the ball scores here someplace.
Let's see.
Is this them?
This is them.
Wow.
What's terrible about that?
And then Milwaukee beat them.
Them, their birds, eight to six of Baltimore's lost 14th in a row.
The worst start in the history of Major League Baseball.
And there's no end in sight.
No immediate end in sight.
Cleveland beat Texas 2-1 and 10 innings.
The Yankees beat the twin 7-6.
Seattle beat the White Sox 5-4.
Oakland 9-8.
That was a good day.
Toronto shut out Kansas City 3-2.
Zip Boston, a detroit was rained out.
Maybe.
And the National League was Montreal 5-1.
Pittsburgh beat St. Louis A to 1.
The buckos are just sizzling.
They sure are.
They are down in that iron city by the Gallon in Pittsburgh.
Metz beat Philadelphia 6-2.
Giants beat the Reds 5-3.
Houston shut out the wonderful braves.
One to nothing.
San Diego Los Angeles was rained out.
Stanley Cup hockey Boston 4-0.
Montreal 3.
And New Jersey Devils beat Washington 5-2.
Both those series taught up in a game of peace.
Okay?
Okay.
830 on Zeta 4.
And a call from Beautiful Miami B.
Chelo.
Hello, Neil. How are you?
Okay?
I like the way you put that Mr.
Crior on the spot there.
Yeah, that's the town Crior.
That was great.
I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
Oh, now this isn't a request.
Oh, no request.
Okay.
I'd like you to call my attorney Barry at douchebag.
Hey, Barry, you're a subhuman piece of mong and a douchebag.
One more thing, Neil.
Yes.
Is he one of those lawyers in love?
Why am I going to change what?
A brick-to-b and pizza commercial.
No, they love that one, Bill.
I don't know.
Let's get anymore.
Yeah, but that's a classic.
Kyle is still with us in spirit.
He's in the building.
His surreliness still kind of like a hangover
to show like a cloud.
He's still around.
I love you.
You're the best.
I know it.
The best.
I know.
The best today called a break a right.
Thanks a lot.
No, don't worry about the cashier and the box up there.
Okay.
Okay.
See you later.
Hey, you're not supposed to break a leg when you talk about horse racing.
You're not?
When you're doing a play.
If you go into a play or you start a new business, break a leg is good.
But when you're talking about horse racing, it's, gee.
It's just not the kind of thing you say because then your horse kind of isn't too anxious to get in the starting gate.
Really?
Hey, 31 on Zeta 4, your horse and around station.
Yeah, I'm psyched.
I want that racing form right now to hell with all of this.
Okay.
We got an hour and 40 minutes to go.
Yeah, you could probably.
I bet you somebody in this audience has got access to a racing form for today called it.
Seriously, they probably would have guys have we talked about the fact that there are so few new stands in a town.
That's right down the street.
Seriously, haven't we talked about that fact many times that there are so few new stands in this area because this is not a place where we're going to be.
Where people even read.
What are you trying to say?
What are you trying to say?
You have to find a good news stand where they carry the racing form.
That this community doesn't need newspapers because of the literacy.
Probably not.
Look at me.
I don't even get any newspaper anymore since I came on FM and became totally illiterate.
I know you were one of the only, why you heard you talk about on the air one time.
You were the only other person I knew in South Florida that got the Washington Post delivered to their house.
And the New York Times.
And the hair old once upon a time in a slum sentinel and the news.
And I just used to get on time in Newsweek and US News and the summer Easter.
The New York Times, the Nation and all of that crap man.
What a newspaper.
I know.
So anyway, although I will say this, the Times has got the world's worst sports section.
So if there's anybody, oh god.
But that's, you know, that's not their metgea.
I mean, there's still pretty redsmiths column.
I mean, he died like two years ago.
Most incredible newspaper in the country.
Yeah, it's the most awesome news.
The most terrible sports section.
Well, forget it then.
Now I've got speaking and newspapers.
I got that article I was telling you about from two days ago.
So no wonder we don't get it anymore.
Oh, wait a minute.
You know what I almost forgot?
Before you do that, I got that something special for Patty Murray coming up right here.
Yeah.
Great.
Here we have Mr. Roy Robinson.
I remember this.
Three of sure.
I remember when you were a friend.
And I got the impression you love that.
To go better and find the better.
You go better with hope.
You're in my wrongful state.
So I'm sending you.
And everything you do is like this.
No matter where it's going to come out.
You're better with hope.
Oh, my best partner when you're real.
And comfort fresh.
You're better with hope.
Yeah.
It is up in the room.
I got cold to call everybody.
And it's right to get close to the table.
Nobody can do it.
You know, it's just great.
Don't accept anything but a coke now.
Coke, a coke is so great.
Right.
That is frightening.
Now, you notice the record.
Okay.
Pretty woman.
Now, do you think that David Lee Roth would record a coke
a cola spot if they paid him enough?
Oh, she.
But they're not asking.
You notice the difference.
Oh, they're not asking.
Uh-huh.
Because even soft drink companies don't want to be connected
with some limparasted, strange, bizarre creatures.
Wait a second.
Like David Lee Roth.
What about Pepsi?
Why do you think I just said that?
Jesus, he's slow, huh?
Well, I thought you were, you know, a little.
He just doesn't understand the show at all.
I can't tell you.
You're so good at being.
Look at the laminate of my Pepsi machine.
Straight forward.
26 till 9 on 24.
You are just.
You guys don't even pay any.
You don't even understand what this show is about.
And you're part of it.
That's the frightening thing.
Well, what is it about?
I don't know.
It's like the Reagan administration.
So anyway, what were you about to say there before we got?
Oh, Roy Orbison Intention again for Patty Murray,
that fat bitch.
That what I was saying a couple of days ago in this article.
Where's it?
No way.
Is it fanfits or dumbass?
I think both.
Come on.
Come on.
Go ahead.
They're talking about writing humor.
And he says when a funny piece comes off,
it flies as close to heaven as a writer is likely to get.
At the moment, my candidate for the funniest writer in America
is Dave Barry of the Miami H.
Oh, Jesus.
When he is good and he is good almost all the time,
he is hilarious.
Who wrote this?
Mike Spindell?
No, this is a national lyrics.
This is a national article.
Yeah, right.
James J. Curl Patrick.
This is his universal press syndicate article that he has in the paper every day.
Yeah.
He relies on wild exaggerations of the familiar circumstance
and he pulls them off superbly.
Yeah.
And he compares them to art in bookwad.
Oh, he compares them to art bookwad.
And, um,
Get serious.
Mark Twain.
Yeah, Mark Twain.
And the Wheel Rogers.
Oh, God.
Maybe Wheel Rogers, okay?
Yeah.
Do you think maybe Wheel Rogers is in your ancestry?
Yeah, he's in my family tree.
In fact, we tried to shoot him out of the tree the last night in the backyard.
24 till 9 on Zeta 4 and we'll come back after this.
839 on Zeta 4, the New Yorker's Thursday show.
And how much you want to bet about this mobile caller still be online?
Okay, the odds are 4 to 1.
He's gone.
Is he gone?
Yeah.
Okay, so we have an open line in date now where that douchebag in the mobile disappeared.
620, 3600.
That's 620, 3600.
Hey kids, what a embarrassed major world powers and dredge of 40 years of horrible memories?
Yeah.
Then you want the new Clouse Barbie doll.
Every Clouse Barbie doll comes wrapped in its own miniature bulletproof witness day.
Imagine the hours of fun you'll have cross examining your very own Clouse Barbie.
Come on, fake up strutal brain.
The new Clouse Barbie doll comes complete with brown shirt, stormtrooper boots, fake ID and passport.
Kurt Wolthandall sold separately.
All right.
Clouse Barbie, you can tell he's much snow, he's hell.
Okay, a little something special here for the members of the Brown County School Board.
And...
Okay.
Here's the highlight of the morning ladies and gentlemen, something that Captain Dave I know has been waiting for with Bated Gret.
I'm serious.
The only thing we did in there was like, what?
Why not?
Let's try it.
That attitude that re-gold over this album.
Well, we were locked into it.
We were in that room that was it.
It was like four five and a bit long.
No, it was doing the track for the percussion track for chrominification.
There was like three or four of five of us and we went right in there with Bruce and we all played different stuff.
So all the time we just set up some mics in there.
Oh, it was from the internet.
Yeah.
Anyway, the thousandth great thing about it was that we had the song type before we went in that we could...
We couldn't know where at the point.
We couldn't go...
Wait a minute, what did he say?
Oh boy, you were able to answer that.
Bullseye.
Yeah, okay.
Well, listen, that's great.
That's deep time, man.
That was Erosmith.
That was that 900.
That's the 900-erosmith line, you know?
Unfortunately, we had to delete some of the expletives from their conversation.
Now, it's a rock band.
Yeah, exactly.
They have a different lingo precisely.
So anyway, it's 18-dilana and Zeta 4.
We're sorry that we can't play Erosmith on the show anymore, but Captain Dave is absolutely sanded in his...
The big minute is verboten, he will not permit it.
Perboten.
And he's going to start giving us bogus tips on these horses if we play it one more time, okay?
He doesn't want to threaten us already, but...
Yeah, boy.
Yeah.
You have got things to do today and I know what's going to happen.
Just like yesterday, I was supposed to go to the gym.
Oh, you're not going out there today?
Okay.
Well, I might just give you like a bundle of money.
Oh, no, no, no, don't put any responsibility on me.
Okay, I'm not going to get involved in this.
Don't lay that trip on you.
See, it's not the same people, they'll say here, here's 10 bucks, put them on the one that the guy said.
Yeah.
But it's not the same.
Because when you're there, you're looking at the odds down the last one.
Of course, absolutely.
It's just like these guys that want to go out there and bet, you know, you can go and bet all the races and leave.
Okay, you can bet ahead.
Sure.
But you have no idea what the odds are going to be or what, you know, perfect is or...
Yeah, the perfect is to what's going on, okay?
And that jerk, if he's listening, that it said zero minutes, the horses are entering the gate.
And there's this guy, he's got one of those geeky pencil holders in his pocket with about 40 pencils and pens.
He's got his binoculars and he's up in front of me and even the lady.
He's betting everything that's been betting every race.
It was like the third race.
He was betting all the way to the tenth race and there was no time left in all these people.
And it's real considerate going up to the window with about a minute to post time,
which at Calder means about four minutes to post.
And going up there with a minute to post and betting, you know, ahead.
Yeah.
Why not do it between the races one, you know, like when the race ends and there's 22 minutes to post,
for the next race, when nobody is betting, there's nobody online, you can take your time.
But not somebody's never on to think of the only...
It's like these other guys that go to the window and they're betting 8,000 different combinations.
And the horses are getting into the gate and you're still starting to breathe heavy.
And everybody's having an nervous breakdown and I always get in that line.
It never failed.
Even the lady was getting niffed.
Yeah.
I got his one douchebag yesterday.
He's like numbers and numbers and numbers and the guys give him his chain.
And then he's got more numbers and you know, like get it over with already.
Get up there and know what you're doing and get the hell out of there, okay?
And make room for the real plungers.
It's 844, it's 844.
He started talking about it.
I'm so glad you got that off your chest.
I really am.
I really worked up about it.
Okay.
Mike, how are you doing?
How are you?
Well, actually, I'm not good at all.
Wow, what's wrong, Mike?
I just did my taxes today.
You just did them today?
Well, I don't like to wait till last minute or anything.
I say.
Yeah.
That's a good day to do.
We're tracing Mike's number and now I owe him $1,400.
Oh, that's really tough, Mike.
Oh, well, what can I say?
That's what I get.
Well, you go on to the track today.
You can make that in a double.
I really should.
I really should.
I mean, I'm already what?
$1,400 in the hole.
What's another?
Exactly.
What's another?
What's another two, three grand, right?
Yeah, I can't believe you're getting shine like you are now Captain Dave's talking.
Yeah, Bob's not going.
Captain Dave is going.
I know the burden spite of all his rum.
He's not going back on the hell.
What?
I said, we should, all your listeners should go.
Yeah, good luck to you.
Yeah.
And if you think I'm giving you any tips, good luck.
I don't doubt.
I don't doubt.
I have a question for a bird.
Yes, sir.
How come at seven o'clock the temperature was 664 and at eight o'clock it was 63?
I don't know.
You know, you're going to have to deal with the National Weather Service in Coral Gables about that.
That was the official Miami temperature.
I went and got it and that happened sometimes.
You know, we've switched times.
You know, we're on daylight savings time.
Right.
So seven o'clock is really six o'clock.
I'm fine with it.
See, that's why it goes down sometimes.
It gets a little bit cooler.
Huh.
Even even when the sun is shining and it's like it looks like it's about 90, right?
Now it was seven o'clock.
Uh-huh.
And the sun was shining.
Just.
Yeah, maybe in the like in case you hit the bed somewhere the sun is shining.
But anyway, no, I checked that, sir.
And I appreciate you checking, you know, following up on me.
But that was the official temperature.
So if you have a complaint, uh, call the National Weather Service.
I just wanted to let you know that people are listening to you when you do the weather.
Okay.
That's good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You put the four-large on news.
What's that?
Uh, I get the paper every day just to do the crossword puzzle because I don't bother reading that crap they put in there.
Yeah.
And they sent the same paper two days in a row.
And I already did that crossword puzzle.
And I was pretty upset.
I don't blame you.
I don't either.
The thing that I love is that if you get the sun sentinel and the four-large on news, there are several pages that are the same.
Several?
Yeah.
How about most?
Yeah. Most of the paper is the same paper.
Oh, yeah.
So I'm going to call them and cancel my transcript.
Well, I think you should.
I'll get a crossword puzzle book.
Exactly. There you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or just stay on an airplane all day long.
You know, you can fill out those, uh, those eastern things.
All right. You have a good day today.
You too.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Well, it looks like I'm going out there all by myself.
It does look that way, then.
But I just find a nice little corner on it.
Well, now you got your mustard, though.
You got your line going out there alone.
I'll be honest with you.
You get your find a nice little corner and hide.
You got your big tub with you.
Yeah, my mustard.
You're all set.
847 on Zagathur.
See, I would call Bill Calder and invite him to come out there, too, but no.
But the thing that irritates me about him is when we get a tip, he won't bet it.
Because anything that I bet on, he won't bet on it.
That's, that's a true story.
Like all these winners that we've been given last few days, it would be pointless for me to say,
Hey, let's go out and give him those horses because he just won't bet on him.
I mean, somebody could, like I remember last year, Mike Gonzalez, one day said to us,
he really liked the horse.
The horse was called Alias Burman.
And it was the first time starter and it came in one easy and paid like $8.
And I had it.
I didn't bet a lot.
I think I had 30, 40 bucks on it, something like that.
And a horse one paid $8, which is not bad, okay?
And he didn't bet it.
And a jockey tells him that he likes the horse and he thinks he got a good shot.
And he won't bet it.
Let's see, bullheaded.
He just one of those stubborn mules, okay?
What is his one is Delray Beach and Orioles fan.
Well, we'll take it a little out of order because they deserve some help.
Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Good luck to you, sir.
Well, come on, I'm a pirate fan and an Orioles.
Oh, okay.
So half a loaf is better than unright and not only that, but there's something to be said for perfection.
Well, that's true.
I began in the season.
I thought I was going to have two losers instead of Pirates of Dune.
Pirates are hot as a pistol, aren't they?
That's right.
But the O's have set a major league record.
That's right.
And listen, all in 162 would be a Mark Dough in last for a long time.
They're going to make the playoffs yet.
Yeah, right.
We're going to have the worst start, make the playoffs and everybody will be gone.
Mm-hmm.
Good luck to him.
I like to see the braves and the O's in the series, man.
That would electrify me.
I don't know.
All right, Neil.
I just want to say good morning.
It's the first time I've ever called.
Okay.
How long is it going to be before Earl Weaver is back?
Hopefully before the end of the year.
Okay.
Or maybe Rick Weaver.
Earl.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
I'm out.
Good bye.
Yeah.
That would be interesting.
And we can bring back some of those great players of the past, you know, like Johnny Meyers and...
Johnny?
Yeah.
Babe Ruth, Roger Maris.
I got a little...
Lou Gehrig.
A little trivia.
Over Cleveland, Alexander.
Walter Johnson.
I bet you don't know this.
Hey, listen, why not?
I mean, the Orioles are playing like they're dead.
So I want to bring back some dead players.
Yeah.
The Dodgers and the Phillies are the only two teams that haven't been called for a buck this season.
Isn't that amazing?
That is pretty exciting.
I knew that.
Did you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I think that was coming up on the news.
I think you just...
Yeah, it's good.
You still has thunder.
Damn it.
Damn it.
I guess you have to put some other stories in there this hour.
Well, we'll see if we can...
Oh, my God.
And we get some dizzy DNA item or something.
Or Jeffy.
A TV reporter who set out to prove how easy it is for New York voters to cheat finds
yourself the target of a possible inquiry.
Barbara Nevens from WCBS TV in New York says she was able to register to vote in all five
New York City burrows Tuesday, though she voted in only one.
Election officials' vast authorities to prosecute her for lying on her registration
forms.
But the big story of the day is that Larry King's book is out.
Talked to Larry King.
What's it going on?
It's called...
It's called...
It's called Tell It To The King.
And they had a party yesterday in Washington in his honor.
Joe Grasiela was there.
Joe Don Giola.
Ralph Nader.
And his best friend Frank Zanajan.
Robert Strauss, Kitty Kelly were all there to celebrate.
It was that car line.
It was the Watergate apartment overlooking the Potomac and hosted by New York Governor Mario
Como.
Como.
Perry's brother, you know, Como.
Now some of the stories in the book Larry tells about Lawrence Olivier who King never
did interview and he was originally to play the lead in the Godfather.
But he became...
Who's that Larry King?
Larry Olivier.
And he ended so up to like checkpoints.
And he became actually what happened was Olivier became ill and the part went to Brando.
And by the way, King says that Brando's best friend was Wally Cox.
I don't know if you knew that.
That's what it means to be roommates in the 50s.
Yeah, what?
Marl and Brando Wally Cox shared an apartment in the mid 50s.
No, now wait a minute.
That really raises a lot of...
That net serious question is about Wally Cox.
Also the stories in the book about Cuomo turning down King's offer to arrange a meeting
with Angie Dickinson.
And it says that's King's one time companion.
What do you mean they used to be roommates in this?
Marl and Brando.
Marl and Mr. Peeper.
And Mr. Peeper.
I wonder what he was peepin' at.
And...
Marl and made him an offer we couldn't refuse.
One other story in the book of interest about Cuomo's star.
Marl and Mr. Wally Cox.
Cuomo's star, Marl and Chambers.
Oh yeah.
Who once offered to have sex with King during a commercial, then talked about it on the air.
She stripped to nothing but a gold chain but they didn't do it.
Just...much in that passing.
Also what does it say?
I wasn't at the show when he had the heart attack on him.
What does he say?
Hi to Chris Everett who has announced last night that she will marry former Olympic ski team member,
Andy Mill.
That'll be July 30th at Boko Polo Club and it will be her second marriage.
Wally Cox and Marl and Brando.
Partly sunny today.
I will be 85 and tonight's low 68 and despite what that guy said, it's 64 now.
What do you want to do tonight, Marley?
Edwin Ho, let's go see Mr. Papers.
I think we need a break after that newscast.
He's devastating isn't it?
Here it is, Zeta 4.
We're in shock.
It's 852.
I heard him say it my headphones.
I am in a steady shock.
Yeah, like I have not seen you in in a long time.
This is in mono.
Well, you know, maybe appropriate today.
Well, the element of surprise is gone.
Oh, no, no.
That's good.
You all right?
Before we get back to that, the story about the Arabs running their horses on the beach or whatever it is,
it says, if approved, the races would be run on a stretch of beach between 5th and 15th streets on Ocean Drive.
An estimated 2600 Arabian horses would participate.
The races have met with some opposition from area residents who don't want to smell the horses.
I always say in my good friend, Wally Cox.
You always used to be like in a setter square right in the middle, you know what I mean?
He was like the middle man on that show.
He used to sit on the same seat with Atmaniac Paul Wind.
I do think there was a coincidence there.
What about what? He was on the bottom left.
Oh, he was on Charlie Weaver used to be.
Yeah, wasn't he?
Oh, wasn't.
Charlie Bear.
Yeah, that's a bad square to sit in.
Now Paul Wind was in the setter.
And Tony Field used to sit in there too.
Jim Morrison sat there.
Jimmy Hendrix.
John Kennedy used to sit on that one.
Yeah, that's true.
Rutherford Behays sat there once.
And President William Henry Harrison once sat in that square too.
And he started it all, I think, by sneezing and...
Yeah.
And I'm trying to think about, you know, where Wally was in the square.
It wasn't at the bottom left or am I wrong?
It's my favorite song, Jeepers Creepers, honey-like-them-peppers.
Room mates.
What the hell does that mean?
What does that mean?
Paul Wind was in the setter square.
Dummy, come on, get with it.
Paul Wind was in the center.
Oh, he was.
No, he was not always in the center.
What in the long?
After Wally Cox died Paul Wind switched into the center square.
Oh, I see.
What did he do?
He switched it.
He said, I'd rather switch than fight.
858 on Zeta 4, you are Marlon Brando intensive dish.
Hey, you are in shock.
I am just apoplectic.
I can't handle it.
I am going to go alone to the track and find my little corner there
and go and sit there and contemplate my navel for many hours.
I just, Wally Cox and Marlon Brando, some other just...
But I mean, can you...
You know what that's like?
That's kind of like James Dean and Orson Welles, you know?
It just doesn't...
You can't envision it, you know?
Now, can you have...
It's like Tony Dow and Oprah Winfrey.
You know what they're called?
You can't conjure that up in your mind.
John Wayne and Truman Capoei.
Yeah, John Wayne and Luke Helping.
You know, it just...
I don't know.
Now, can you imagine what a different film that would have been with Lawrence Olivier in the Marlon Brando role?
How different that would have been?
That would have been Wally Cox in the Marlon Brando role.
You can make you know for your key refuse.
Now, there's a thought.
Yeah, that would have been pretty exciting, wasn't it?
Now, there was another one I heard that...
Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf was originally for James Mason.
And oh, God, I forget who the woman was and they gave it to each other.
And somebody like that.
And they gave it to Richard and Liz.
These things always seemed to sort of take care of themselves.
Oh, I am just absolutely apoplectic.
WG2A, Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach's.
Good morning. It's the Neil Rogers show on say to four.
Wow, you can say that again, Lé.
On a clock on say to four.
Another good roommate, rumor, was Rick James'.
Sure. Rick James?
The disco rock singer.
Oh, yeah.
And he and Neil Young used to be roommates together in the 60s.
Wow. That's exciting.
So anyway.
And we'll have more roommate rumors tomorrow.
Oh, yeah. That's going to be our subject tomorrow.
It's going to be roommates.
So get your roommate all propped up and ready to go.
All right.
And tomorrow we'll want a full report.
OK, let's go back to the calls here.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yeah.
I've got your form here.
You're my what?
I've got your form here in my hand.
What do you want to know?
You got the racing form?
Well, no, I can't if I discuss it on the air.
Then I'm going to give away the horses that we got.
Well, you could dump it.
No, I can't do that.
No, I see this guy wants to know who we got today.
That's for real.
I can't do it. I don't doubt.
No, OK.
No doubt about it.
Because we got there.
One of the horses we had yesterday is still running.
So I don't want to do that to you.
I saw you when you got out there for the second yesterday
with your three bodyguards.
Yeah.
Now we had a good day.
We were doing a lot of caching.
I haven't cached that much.
All last season I didn't cached that much.
Yeah.
We need to do a big day of the lighter.
Yeah, he's.
But when I keep bumping the matches off people.
I know he was driving everybody nuts and bumping lights
from everybody.
Well, at least he gave me something to do.
In the final stretch.
I probably see you out there today.
OK, good luck.
OK.
Oh, he's he's ready.
And I like you guys got nine in the morning.
He's got the racing form.
And he's he's studying and he is ready to go.
You know, there were some fans of the morning.
So there that we ran into.
Yeah.
Oh, they're always are.
By the way, I wonder how well now what's that guy that sits inside
Ernie?
I wonder if Ernie is still out there.
Oh, it's a searchin.
Not Ernie so.
You know, what about that call we never did yet?
You remember that guy?
He said he doesn't believe.
And he just hung up and that was the end of the call.
What a disappointment.
We get a lot of those, you know, when they think that that's funnier.
It's not.
It's like a anti anti-climactic.
Yeah.
And so anyway, it's two minutes after nine and we're just counting the moments.
No, so don't bother us.
Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
When are you going to the races today?
When am I going?
Oh, here's another one of these callers.
I'm going to the itinerary.
Well, let's see.
I don't know.
I probably invite you to my office at the race track.
Your office?
Yeah, we have on the editor of the racing report.
I don't know if he's heard of it.
No.
Okay, we do a daily racing result show from Calder.
Wow.
It's on the Funtanet Lake and save it.
That one.
Is it really?
Yeah.
What time is it on?
It's on every nine six thirty eleven thirty.
Great.
So in other words, if I went out there and bet early, which I'd really do, but if I went out there and bet early and left, then I could get the results.
Yeah, that's what the show is designed to do.
Exactly.
That's great.
Well, what I want to do is I want to invite you up to our studio and just show you our other things suite in the studio.
Now, where are you?
I don't know if I'll make it today, but if not, I'll make it some other day soon.
Where are you located?
Well, you know when you go in the Valle parking?
I sure do.
Okay, and then if you were to turn left or the elevator.
Right.
Exactly.
Okay, you would make a right, actually, in the stairs.
You just go up a half a spread of stairs.
And we're right there in between the first and second floor.
Wait a minute.
You take the elevator somewhere?
No, no.
And then I'm going left to the elevator.
Oh, I see you make a right.
Right.
You go to stairs.
And you know how it's like split level.
Yeah.
There's two offices there before you make it to the second floor.
I got you.
I saw a realtor.
Great.
And what's your first name?
Lilian.
Lilian.
And then the post-production supervisor.
Okay.
Well, if I can't get out there today, I'll will soon, Lilian.
Are you going to be at the Roof Garden?
Oh, I'll be there, yeah.
What are you going to be wearing?
I'll spot you in the out and I'll come in.
Well, let's see.
It's Thursday, so I have my green shirt on and black pants and my glasses and my shoes.
I've seen the host of our show used to work with you at Wynn.
Who's that?
Jeff DeForest.
Oh, Jeff DeForest.
Yeah.
Sure.
He's down on the Roof Garden too, all right.
Well, I saw him try to jump.
Yes, dude.
I can't believe it.
Tom, not to get so emotional, okay?
I've got a lot of money here.
Did he?
Didn't say that was vice versa.
No, that's good.
Did he really win a lot of money?
I want to see him.
Wow.
All right.
I do with all my own with actually their tickets since I don't bet.
Yeah.
Because we have a cabinet and inside the cabinet, I post all the losing tickets and I want you
to know that that keynote does not cover.
Nah, we wouldn't imagine, yeah.
I have a vote my wall has.
Maybe today it will win $100.
Now, why do you just want to see, say hi?
You might have even a bigger day today.
You might win $100.
Yeah.
That's what.
Okay.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
How about that?
We got a whole bunch of degenerates out there, right?
We should just have a big degenerate party up there today.
I thought, what do you mean we didn't need to say a while ago that he's got all this stuff
today?
I said, I did my work.
I said, you're not going to be there.
I did not.
Yes, I did.
I said, I've got so many things to do today, but I know what's going to happen just like yesterday.
I canceled out on some important things I was supposed to do and I was up there gambling
now.
This is the first sign, isn't it?
Yeah.
Got obligations.
He's got things he's got to do.
And he just decided to be coming irresponsible.
I think what's the number for GA?
Okay.
Yeah.
What's that gamblers anonymous?
Don't take it that seriously.
Don't take it that seriously.
You should see this maniac screaming.
Come on, Lister, you son of a come on.
And that was even before they rang the bell.
And they weren't even in the starting.
He's getting like, Ernie, I was speaking about Ernie before before I was so rudely interrupted.
Ernie is one of the great all-time characters.
Don't you remember me talking about Ernie who wears those Argyle socks and the.
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
And the sits up their heat.
Now he's like in the stands in the grandstand.
Mm-hmm.
And I used to stop by and sit in front of Ernie and we just have some wild times over there together.
And Ernie is pretty good handicap.
And he's got all the, oh man, he's got the red pen.
He's got all the numbers written down.
Every time the odds change, he writes it in his program.
And he's just a wild man.
Now see, that's a little good.
And he'll sit there and the horse is before they go to the gate.
Now this goes times when.
