Hello, this is Michael Jackson.
Urging you to help stop the spread of social disease.
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen.
I urge you to do like I do.
Go it alone.
But make sure you wear protection.
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove.
Worn on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove adds the security in case of mine that
I need to do it myself.
So remember, before you put it out, put it on and...
Well, Michael Jackson glove, proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one
in the bush, a Vateland Sequent Model for Extra Stimulation.
Alan Box was a normal man, with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaca, and a chain
of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey, how was your day?
Un...
Believable.
Terminal!
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from...
Neil Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L. Herald, sir.
People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal
human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Fembroke Pines.
You know the Yen fence, who say, all Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bag boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In...
Credible.
Neil Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got a nine?
A nine!
What's Lefowler got?
Three points, I think?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carav hot 105.
Terminal.
Un...
Believable.
So Vester Stallone stars in his most challenging role since Rhyne Stone.
Yo, Mandy, and you came, and you came without taking it, and now you're friggin' dead.
Stallone is Manolo.
In Barry, first went part one.
It's a miracle.
Jaja Copa.
Absolutely, yo.
Copa Cabana with my own thing.
Rex Reed says, I love the costumes.
Jean Siskel exclaims, four stars, yo, absolutely.
Roger Ebert says, pass the popcorn.
Sylvester Stallone has the limp arm of the lawn.
Barry, first went part one.
You're the disease.
It I'm the cure.
This death, yo.
And coming this summer.
I know you are, but what a bond.
Rutger Hauer in.
I know you are, but what a bond.
Peewee's.
Last adventure.
I know you are, but what a-
B-
Hey, young man.
Oh.
Listen, I've seen you hanging around my house, and I-
I saw what I want to talk to you about.
What did you do to me?
I wasn't here now.
I'm going to put it this way.
Wasn't you who did the pushin'?
Put the stains upon the cushion.
Footprints on the dashboard upside down.
Hey, what?
Wasn't you, you broccoli-
Bill, been messing with my daughter, Jill?
If it was, you'd better leave this town.
Well, you got to say.
Yes, to a guy who did the pushin'
Put the stains upon the cushion.
Footprints on the dashboard upside down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But since a messin' with your daughter,
I've had trouble passing water,
So I guess we're even all around.
Why you?
Come over here.
Come over here.
Come over here.
Come over here.
Come over here.
Stay right.
735 on Zeta 4.
Lots more to come, don't panic,
but you know we have to do these important breaks, right?
Right, Captain Meng?
And let's see, I guess we'll do this last.
We'll be right back.
Look no further.
The best place to get your kicks is that
Kicks lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott.
Kicks lounge definitely a South Florida landmark.
Come on by for the Kicks Daily Hungry Hour buffet weekdays from 5 till 8.
Feast undelicious or dirt salads,
Cheeses and pasta dishes,
and it's no secret that Kicks doesn't charge you any cover at the door.
Wednesdays it's time to round up the office
and join Zeta's Captain Dave Caprito for the work release program
in your chance to win plenty of prizes.
Tuesday through Sunday nights from 9 till 1,
check out the sounds of sequel
performing their best in three sets each night.
Sequel a 7-piece high-energy show band
appearing through March 6 at Kicks Lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott.
Just one block west of the Cypress Creek Exit off Interstate 95
than North on Andrews Avenue.
Tonight's your night at Kicks Lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott,
but please don't drink and drive.
What's back to back and never been funnier?
You'll hear it out, Nancy Ray.
No, it's a solid hour of give me a break, followed by Benson at 6.
This is big, this is really big.
Then at 6.30, it's all your favorites in an all-new time.
We're here to establish Mash 4, O Devil 7.
Catch the Masters of Mayhem in television's all-time classic,
Mash and at 7.
Before I go to my room I'd just say one thing.
Family ties in a fun-filled family hour
so catch the new lineup for Week Night Fun.
Give me a break, Benson, Mash and Family ties.
Week Night starting at 5 on Channel 6.
Then on tonight's 8 o'clock movie.
One, two, three.
They were young and alone together.
In a forbidden garden of Eden.
TV case and Willie Ames star in Paradise.
It's tonight's Good Love and Movie.
Tonight at 8 on WCIX TV.
Channel 6.
737 on Zeta 4.
And Pembroke Pines, Miramar and Hollywood,
Atencio on its party time.
With Zeta 4 and Polar Beer at DT Riots.
Concert tickets, albums, CDs, any giveaways in the best and rock and roll videos in sports.
Polar Beer specials and captain Dave Caprita as your host for the evening.
Manic Eyes everywhere, he's like a disease.
And it's coming up Friday from 8 to 11 p.m. at DT Riots,
corner of Palm Avenue in Johnson Street.
In Pembroke Pines, close to Cooper City and Davey, Captain Mung.
Can I make a comment about DT Riots last night?
Dave McLeod, the owner of DT Riots, invited a number of us from Zeta 4
and wins to come over, sample the place, serve us up some adult beverages and some great food.
And yours truly had a number of adult beverages.
They keep no problems.
No problem.
I can sleep late and of course what happens at 2.30 this morning.
Of course.
But anyway, we had a good time there last night.
We look forward to seeing everybody there Friday.
That's a good, no wonder he looks like who did the owl this morning?
I was trying to figure that out ever since I saw him.
It's a 738 on Zeta 4 now.
Are you saying that, well there's only one of these people still hanging on?
Are they still there? Hello?
Yeah, I'm still here.
Okay, we've been hanging on a long time.
We want to get you on before we start playing all this other junk.
Oh, well I wanted to call and thank you for playing all those things.
It's hard to catch those things when you're jumping in and out of the shower.
Well, you can catch a lot of things on this show.
Yeah, I know.
I've noticed that.
But that lady who called, a couple of calls back, could you believe the questions?
I especially haven't worked into places that she's worked for.
She must hang out all by herself.
Oh, I think she has delusions of Oprah.
I think so.
Yeah, what I usually tell girls like that who ask me those questions,
I say not only are you barking up the wrong tree but you're in the wrong forest.
Yeah, like sure would forest.
Well, all right, just wanted a first time caller.
Good.
I wanted to call and say hi.
Okay, see you later.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay, I'm glad we got him on.
It was a good caller.
21 to late on ZetaFora.
Keep those tapes rolling, man, because we got some of the greatest stuff in a history of mankind like...
Tired of the same old restaurants?
Try the cafeteria centuria of Hylia.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail.
That's right, no matter what the weather's like outside,
it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria centuria of Hylia.
We'll make your stomach stop.
Stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing.
Talk about delicious.
Mmm, mmm, your meal is always fresh.
We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price,
it's the cafeteria centuria.
Try it once.
You'll eat there religiously.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one that is fried in deep fat.
Please bring me that doggy on the menu.
And bring a side order of cat.
Walk, run, or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria centuria of Hylia,
where we give new meaning to the word, het food.
Do we run or do we run or swing, Joey, swing?
Burn, baby.
Do we run or show?
What a show.
Do we run or show?
Joey, do we run or show?
What a show.
I'll eat there.
And bring me your cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo.
Stevie Nicks, the distinctive voice of Fleetwood Mac.
Her style is unforgettable.
Her lyrics are unintelligible.
Stevie's back with all your favorite hits on one big album.
It's Stevie Nicks.
What the hell is she saying?
Yes, all her classics are here.
You'll get me, me, and the incomparable.
Yes.
Gigitally remumbled for stereo inaudibility.
This is Stevie Nicks, at her most nebulous.
Stevie Nicks, what the hell is she saying?
Available now, I didn't call here her records and takes.
I'm in trouble if I'm riding down the highway.
On that throne again, it's the only thing I get to come out my way.
I can't stay.
I gotta go on the throne again.
Yes, I'm sitting on that throne again.
Well, it hurts me to the living end.
When I'm sitting on that throne again, I gotta go on the throne again.
It's a moving experience.
Yes, I'm sitting on that throne again.
It's day when I wake up.
I still have a home I make up and say a lot of praise for you.
Finally, the 10 record set you've been waiting for.
Tammy Faze, unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock I crawled out from under.
I put 16 tons of makeup on.
Then my husband does it with Jessica Hound.
Oh, baby, for cold and go wild.
I'm all strong now down booze and pee.
It's all here, the headache, the heartache, the pancake.
Rock of age just is my face.
My mascara only rays.
Tammy Faze, here's the rock that I crawled out from under.
Don't you buy my new album?
If you don't, you're burning hair, you're really way ill.
Thank you, God bless you.
When some Swami, He'll try to put me down and says He has a larger congregation.
I tell Him right away, now listen here.
The pancake, your heart, I shall discover what in the nation.
All of faith, Himalayan, for so many truths.
I'll show you my life.
Like you would tell your mule.
Be true to your show.
I did hear His call.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
It sure is bold.
I wear it everywhere when I go round to other A'sy A's.
They don't know what to say.
So be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
Our prize, I'll be jacked up on the Sabbath service.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be steady now.
My girlfriends at the altar in the choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
I've got a new cloth, yamokia, broider than gold.
Be true to your show.
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Got to get on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win, spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Bankrock, what do you mean?
Bankrock, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at that say Jack again.
Won't throw in the towels.
Still like by your vowels.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Hey man, what do you mean there's no F and F?
Bena, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Hey, Bena, is that an all over tan or what?
Bena, I don't understand.
Why you make a hundred grand, not for me to say?
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Gonna be on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win, spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Go, Ovena, go baby, go, alright.
Hey, get out of my face, Pat.
Is that a two-way?
Is there an L in that word?
Is it a low rider?
Alright, no rider.
Forget the letter, man.
I'll take Bena, why are you beautiful baby?
You're an eco-plate of home games.
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Alright, I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Bena, pick me a letter.
Loser turn.
Hey, Pat, lose this.
Bena, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Alright, that is an all over tan.
Bena, I don't mean to stare,
but are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at Pat's age.
Jack again won't throw in the towel.
Till I buy your vowels.
Oh, Bena, pick me a letter.
Please Bena, pick me a letter.
Alright, I'm ready to pick, baby.
ABCDFGHHKLMOPQITWXYZ.
That's your cover, man.
Alright, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave,
the refrigerator.
Hey, man, Pat, what do you mean $500 for a black and white five
in portable TV set?
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and I'll forget it for your whole sale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
Alright?
750 out of Zeta 4.
You know, it's amazing.
Captain Dave is out of the weather.
We wish him a speedy recovery.
However, he is not so sick
that he doesn't want to muscle in on the act,
because there's a message down the screen.
Captain Dave called again to suggest that we play
some of his IDs as bits.
Isn't that cute?
Yeah.
In fact, maybe we can even play that thing he did for you know who
on an AM.
Oh, he's just loved the fact that he's doing stuff for the AM now.
Oh, you're not.
Well, when you listen back to this tape, you will know that
the big story in the news February 24, 1988 is Jimmy Swaggerd.
And a motel resident said she regularly saw him
visit the CD section of town in Baton Rouge.
It's an area of town known for the...
90 hours.
Don't loosen, I know.
Shocking, but it's a section of town known for the by the hour motels.
You know, in prostitutes.
Peggy Carrier, 39, a resident of Tony's Motel.
So the New Orleans Times that detectives hired by rival evangelist Marvin Gorman
questioned her about Swaggerd's activities.
Now I know what that show is that he had that syndication of the hour of power.
She told the detectives she had seen him on several occasions
visiting the nearby Texas Motel and the travel in where he would park his luxury car
in the rear.
I bet he did.
Not that many American athletes have struck goal in Calgary, but ABC,
ABC, yes, did it like Dick Capenday there.
But ABC is a reason for that Swaggerd story.
Our chase is just shocking.
Anyway, it's coverage of the Winter Olympics have done real well in the weekend in February
21st.
Cap your four places in the top 10 and ABC is the number one network overall.
NBC is number two.
Number one show for the week ABC's Thursday Olympics, followed by the Cosby Show.
ABC's Saturday Olympics was third, followed by a different world with Lisa Bonay and 60 minutes.
Mostly cloudy today with a 40% hands-or-ain, oh we have an accident or roll over.
I 95 Southbound near 60 second Avenue.
Is it like a turnover?
Yeah, and Alibar is back, so we welcome him back.
We're glad about that.
Now we can get Captain Dave back.
That's not good.
Yeah, you're right.
Mostly cloudy, 40% chance of showers with a high of 77 today,
low to night 64.
The fog is burning off and it's 70 degrees now at Zeta 4, at 752.
The Neil Roger Schill on Zeta 4.
755 on Zeta 4 here on A.
Wednesday more if you're in, if you're dumb and you're wondering what's going on here,
I mean, they have to be a genius to figure it out.
We're playing all these bits, not all of them, but just enormous numbers of them between 9 o'clock
for all he painted and he asked people out there that keep sending in cassette.
When you please tape this and when you please dub that, we don't have time to screw around with that, okay?
Right.
So we're giving you a chance of a lifetime and if you got your cassette rolling, in fact you can start it now.
Even if you're that stupid or maybe you just got up, that's a good excuse.
You can stick your cassette on now, just put it on record and let it roll for the next hour and a couple of minutes
and you'll have all kinds of great stuff, right?
Great idea.
Right.
I've got sunshine on W-I-N-Z.
When there's a hurricane blowing baby, it's still the month of May.
From 2 to 6, I guess you say what can make me feel that way, stand there, you hear.
Talking about stand-rager, stand-merger.
I've got so much on it, there's a bee in the evening.
He checks the mobile colors while he's smoking on a stokey.
I guess you say 2 to 6 W-I-N-Z stand-merger.
Talking about stand-merger, stand-merger.
You're ready to hit.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Woo, yeah.
I don't need no station on my radio.
I've got non-fotty locked in baby, with stand-major on my radio.
All together now, everybody.
I guess you say 2 to 6 W-I-N-Z stand-merger.
Talking about stand-merger, stand-merger.
What's the major in baby?
Oh, stand-merger, smokey as a god baby.
Check that phone of color stands.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I hope you beat me in the ratings.
You better than I am.
Even the competition agrees, the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach
Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida.
I think I would get to 9th here on an A-M station as a hero in my book.
You're like, say time is the quietest.
You got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on SATA 4.
I hope you beat me in the ratings.
You better than I am.
Well, I know you must feel the same way after all these years has been entertaining.
Well, sometimes, when you have a problem, it helps to talk with others who have the same problem.
Okay, elbows, you guys are under the chair with a group now.
Yes, I do.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you very much, sir.
You should hold on, elbows.
You should be ordering some double cheese pizzas first.
You should get some peanut butter and anise.
That's a good idea, elbows.
Well, thank you, elbows.
You're listening to an encounter session at your local Eleonnance.
Eleonnance, where chronic elbows impersonators go for elbows.
Now, once again, what was that you saying, Elvena?
Well, sir, I think it's time that people step, discriminate against us, female impersonators,
and if they don't, you know, I got so I've earned two.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Learn to recognize the early warning sign.
Twitching lips.
I can't control my flames.
Swinging hips.
I'm an awful shukka.
Incredible weight gain.
More Twinkies, please.
At Elvis Enonymous, we understand that in person,
fascinating Elvis is not a career.
It's a disease.
Love it tender.
Love it sweet.
Give us something to eat.
So please, send what you can to L&R.
Members Tennessee.
And thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
It's up on me.
Oh shukka, boy.
I caught my career.
It was true.
But then right out of the blue,
my new album's no better to
I guess my career is true.
I'm making more money.
Much more than ring of honey.
Even more than John Lennon's sunny.
But not more than Paul.
No, I'm singing this song.
It goes on much too long.
It's such a repetitive song.
You see what, you see what, you see what, you see what, you see what I mean.
I thought my career was true.
I checked it with my career.
He said to sing this, so do.
So now my career is true.
I had some career role.
But I don't have ringos' nose.
I guess I can't complain.
My song will drive you insane.
You wish my career was true.
Your wish in this song was true.
It's nothing but don't poop, poop, poop.
I have a real low IQ.
Low IQ.
Don't be dead.
Career is true.
More proof.
My girl.
Hey, hey, what do you say?
There's something new at McDougals today.
Hi, I'm Bob from McDougals.
And if we got a surprise for you,
a brand new item you're gonna like.
Whenever you come here on a bike,
for every bike rider with every purchase of a triple cheese sandwich,
a free pair of McHancoffs.
They're pink and green and yellow too.
In every size, a pair for you.
So come in here on two wheels, you'll be leaving on four.
Why you're at McDougals register for free bail and remember our motto?
Our burgers are fresh, we never bread them.
Now hands on your head, turn around and spread them.
At McDougals.
Yeah.
You feel the pressure start to grow in.
You feel the pressure getting worse.
You feel your bladder overflowing.
You feel a damn about the bust.
I don't go in here so well.
Just take off down the hall.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Don't go on the floor.
Just move on down to doors.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You train a fifth of chiefs to Keela.
You change the town with shops to gin.
You feel your head begin to reeling.
You see the room begin to spin.
I don't buy from my shoes.
If lunch you're gonna lose.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Don't go up on us.
Don't go down the floor.
There's a bathroom on the right.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Language tape number six.
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello.
May I be to help you please?
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
Disappearment light.
Repeat.
Disappearment light.
This one.
Customer.
No.
Neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Right.
No.
Is this one?
No.
No.
It's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes.
I want the Parliament lights please.
Is it that one?
No.
Can't you see it's a...
This one.
Over there by the dirty magazine.
Can't you see it?
Listen, laundry head.
It's a Parliament light.
Now.
Turn this tape over for language tape number six.
Seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
Sounds good to me.
It's 805 on Zeta4 as we continue with the greatest hits of your life, right?
Is that what this is?
Funny.
It seems like there's an echo in here.
Crosynchronicity there.
On the Glen Hill show.
Anyway, there we are.
It's a wonderful Wednesday.
The fog is just slowly but surely lifting out there.
Let's do a little weather.
Okay.
And then we'll just continue with all of this stuff.
This is great.
I could do this every day.
Isn't this fun?
This brings back memories.
And even more fun is finding out which of these are so loose on the cards.
That's my favorite.
No matter what you do, there's dead air.
I like that.
Well, you know I enjoy that dead air.
Mostly cloudy with a 40% chance of showers.
Like a bathroom on the right, that was loose.
Yeah.
Nice to play that though.
That's one of my own time favorites.
High to day 77, low to night 64.
I was just over at the AM and I checked it out and it's still 70 degrees this morning in the town of Florida.
In New Orleans they have Mardi Gras.
In Brazil they have Carnival.
But Miami, parties, faster.
The grand prix of Miami.
Thousands of people will party in the sleeves as 28 world champion drivers.
Confundering down the Stain Boulevard at 200 miles an hour.
It's everything news week magazine called America's Casa Blanca.
Exciting, exotic, sensuous, a little on the wild side.
February 28th, the grand prix of Miami.
This just in, grand prix ticket sales are 30% ahead of last year's sellout.
We've added grandstands, hurry, tickets at Bass Outlets, Barons, Rosaro,
or Call 665.
Race!
Cheers brings you fun TV on 33, weeknights at 730.
Say what am I moving for?
I'm at a good meeting.
Tonight Sam returns to his Playboy ways.
Uh oh.
The genetic date on Florida's Super Station WBFS TV, 33's Prime Movie, is My Tutor.
Karen Kay is going to teach Matt Latanzi more than the French language.
Now I'm going to teach you a skills that all young men should know.
She's the kind of teacher that'll make guys want to stay after school.
But you're born at a date on TV 33.
Phoebe Kates is off to private school.
Do you think I'm doing the right thing with Jim?
I mean, I guess I'm kind of scared.
She's going to learn all about the three bees.
Boys, boys, and boys.
We did it at 730.
Cheers!
To make a date, My Tutor.
Tomorrow to date, private school, all on TV 33.
Florida Super Station!
WBFS TV, 33.
He's the first kid on the block, first kid,
and he gets up right and early.
Right and early.
Well, you know he's a little nutty.
Got him the nutty.
And you know he's a little squirrely.
Got him squirrely.
Well, he peaks at you through the hole in the record.
Just to say hello.
Hi, I can see what you're all doing out there.
Yeah, in the morning, I'm Zeta 4 radio.
It's the Neil Rogers show.
Good morning, Neil.
The Bob Spokes Dove.
Guy taking the grass.
The Bob Spokes Dove.
He likes to smoke in my seat.
At Puebloot Hacker, we make computers.
But we're always asking, what if?
What if bananas had the peel on the inside?
What if Mother Teresa married as a Osborne?
Would she bite the heads off Doves?
What if Don Johnson could act?
What if the President was a hamster?
What if toilet paper were never invented?
Would people still shake hands?
Puebloot Hacker.
Asking irrational questions,
but have nothing to do with computers.
Got myself in a pinch,
going back to the bench.
My boy, Ginsburg.
Got caught up by some pot.
Not a lot.
Chances shot.
Oh, Ginsburg.
No one at my age could help avoid it.
Sad we can't admit that we enjoyed it.
On the card I'd reign supreme,
Up in smoke goes my dream.
Ginsburg.
My boy.
Here's my story.
It's strange but true.
I'm about to mature that I once knew.
He took Kistushka and ran around.
Do every single, stable in town.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Or you can get it. Yeah. I mean, with a skirt inaiso
I wonder how we get to the ground, yeah
This is a piece they never touched the ground
Now people listen what I say
Forgive him to talk every day
Here's the moment of the story from a guy who knows
Try to give him something before he goes
He might be Alia who wanna be from a foe
Or maybe that's my show of his up-minded foe
Yeah give him something now
No matter what you do, he's a holy Jew
I wonder how we get to the ground, yeah
This is a piece they never touched the ground
Now people listen what I say
Forgive him to talk every day
Here's the moment of the story from a guy who knows
Try to give him something before he goes
He might be Alia who wanna be from a foe
Or maybe that's my show of his up-minded foe
Yeah give him something now
No matter what you do, he's a holy Jew
Come on everybody
It's gifts, a piece they never touched the ground
You know that's the right thing to do
Come on everybody
It's a life I am not a Nazi
Just when you thought crap-cold records
Couldn't possibly be more tasteless
An aval apel-aven, an atreane bound for Brooklyn
I met this year accountant
He ever bought you a tadee-smooth
That's right, so...
It's the cat-skilled cowboy himself
Dr. Erbing Paycheck
Signing the all-time greatest hits of Noschwil
You'll hear the accountant
You gotta know how to feed him
Know how to cheat him
If you wanna live your good life
Deeper seconds said I've booked
And who could forget this flavorful cut?
Looking for locks in all their own places
Looking for locks I'd buy by the cases
Quality stuff
Be sure there's no cases of bones
Or to my soul
And no collection of old country music would be complete
Without Dr. Erbing Paycheck's dietary classic
I've his co-shed
B'em co-shed
Bosn'couilless
Crap-cold records proudly presents
The all-time greatest hits of Noschwil
No, it's not my amymul
To order Noschwil hits, dial 1-800-6-Bah
Dr. Erbing Paycheck, cos he's...
God does not my amymul
Yeah, wait
It's a good time for the great taste
Sound good, that?
My name is Igorov
And I'd like you to know
Everywhere I go
I hear Neil Roger show
Young men are nice to me
They bear their chest to me
There's just one problem
They don't show the rest to me
I am very happy
Living in this factory
And it'll be cause
Of the Neil Roger show
It's the Neil Roger show
Oh, the Neil Roger show
Way down the dumb my amymul
Down where the dope comes in
That's where we own our shipments
We believe we're aliens
And we don't have to worry
We won't get reaped off
The police will help us start it
As long as they're paid off
The police will be dark, she's slippery
My name is Barry
Sing like a fairy
I write bad songs about romance
While I'm wearing spandex pants
I'm trying to shrimp it
My soul is like a fairy
I had a series of big hits
That was back in 76
Now no one wants to hear
They only laugh and steer
They won't admit that they own my albums
Because my songs are queer
Got a nose shake
Like a banana
My two fans both live in Montana
Got a nose shake
Like a banana
Up my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I write the songs
Like a banana
I've got a hugger
The size of the youngest
When I get a stuffed up nose
I be twisted in a hose
But now I'm on the case
My life is back in place
And so I'm singing again and sticking
My snaz in your face
Got a nose shake
Like a banana
My two fans both live in Montana
Got a nose shake
Like a banana
Up my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta
I write the songs
Like a banana
Like a banana
Like a banana
I sell for virgin albums
I'm pushing me close
My music's up for sale too
And he won around the globe
It's on TV, it's on radio
My songs are in the movies
Yes, I'm sold out baby
I'm raking in the door
I look like grandpa monster
I'm barely three feet tall
And another two weeks
I have no hair at all
Still I've been on Miami vise
Too bad I'm not an actor
They're dumb enough to pay me
I'm raking in the door
I'm selling out night today
I'm selling out nights today
I'm selling out night today
I'm selling out nights today
I'm selling out nights today
I'm selling out nights today
836 on Zeta 4
This could be kind of a regular feature
Maybe once every day or something like that
For a couple of hours
Okay, now listen, you want to
Remember when nobody knew my name
But now I can no big star
Times of fame
I can make a hearth song in a building
Taking no chances
All I do is scream like I'm in shock
Don't my songs all sound the same
I can't believe that keep on selling
My agent told me not to change
Nothing
So I guess I'll keep on yelling
Don't my songs all sound the same
The feelings I just left the past once
I say so high and make the doors
God knows
God, my sons are the same
Yes, my sons are the same
He's big
He's bad and he wants you
Say I am some botan
He's a street wise cop by night
Say you are under arrest
And a presidential candidate by day
Don't be no two
Get it at home with food
Car on weather is action Jesse Jackson
Either I'm ramen on the stump or I'm buffed in up some tomb
Also starring Don Nots' George Bush
And Oprah Winfrey as the state of New Hampshire
It's the presidency that I seek
But I also want to put out Jim of the green
Action Jesse Jackson coming soon to a primary near you
Bye
Will we took our debt?
He's pulled out and we headed for the Hollywood freeway
But we hit a lot of traffic and got stuck in a two-hour delay
So we pulled out our pistols and we dealt with the traffic in a new way
We used our guns guns guns when we're driving down the streets of LA
We're driving down the streets of LA
When I drive around I go out to people dead
I come back late at night with my friends all splattered red
We'll hand this like in the most
And when I'm out driving around the coast
I want to shoot a Honda blast to bat off of the road
With my hand gun shoot shoot a Honda
Shoot a Honda shoot shoot a Honda
Shoot a Honda yet blast it off of the road
If everybody had a man, all across LA
It all be pulling their guns up on the old freeway
It'd be firing at the U.S.
For some chance the Lays
Everybody's going crazy driving in LA
The Lays are going crazy driving in LA
It's going crazy driving in LA
It's going crazy driving in LA
Coming up in cheesecake
It's making the music
All of the old folks are with them all
The check in the CDs
No they never say please
Just waiting for the early birds special to come
And wasting waiting and good old Honda
Searching for the false teeth they left in a glass
And how near they claim that there's a talk host to play
But they know it's their own damn fault
They're shooting in LA
To get the early bird on time
They're pushing just as hard as they can
And once they are seated
They get overheated
And stock stuff in rows and sweeten low in their bags
Wasting away again and good old Honda
Looking for that long lost power of you
And how near they say that it's all of the truth
A day but for some
And then I'm mind the blues
The old folks don't know the reason
Why nothing is pleasing
But muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit
But what doesn't matter
When they call up kneeling chatter
I hate you kneeling never listen to your show
But wasting away again and good old Honda
Just the box of metal musul and a radio
And how near they claim that it's a talk host to play
But kneel nose
They can't wait for his show
And how they'll claim that it's a talk host to play
But kneel nose
They just can't wait for his show
Don't you love a little chirp on there on the phone
Okay 9 o'clock right on the nose
Here on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach
And that concludes
So bad you have been such a naughty boy
Sell some land hide 100 grand where they want to know
Drop by the dew flex for the new suit and sport hot show
From helic copter men on ground look like cockroach
Smoke big cigar drive fancy cars on Kaye Jojo
Adios sirs you in your terror
A couple of things you forget to declare
Now me and my amigos didn't care
But those reporters didn't for the other wearer
Two houses sold the news is old but town is buzzing
Folks are canceling subscriptions by the dozen
Miami's Cuban revolution stall though
Thanks to Miami heraldon
Adios to have to go in your terror
Now someone else is assuming in your terror
No severance pay but that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that but you'll have lots of time to spare
Blackbeats with rice, Miami vice or Roscombe boy
And that's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
That's all you need that's okay you got the nerve
Unbelievable, that's going to be the, and already is I just just checked
You're right it's number five
Number five with a bullet and by the time the the hour ends it's going to be in the top three I'm positive
What about South Dave? I'm in the Kenyra area
In South Dave, how about Pumparniks?
I'm Forenix okay, we'll give it a shot
You know what I'm talking on South Dixie highway there?
Yeah, I know exactly where it is
Okay, all right thanks a lot
Happy Poorham, Adios
Now did you do the ID?
Yes, I did
That's right. That's right. I did it live. Okay, but if it'll make you happy
I need it. Yeah, I hope you beat me in the ratings. You better than I am even the competition agrees the Neil Roger show on
WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Roger show on say to four
Thank you and me and I can't see my friend.
Here's the first of 40 Bee Gees cuts at a row on say to four as we go Bee Gees intensive
Okay, let's go flying high over Thar Island
I bet you they loved it when Christo came into the pink. I bet you they really loved that
I'm surprised they didn't cut a record on that. It's a 903 on say to four and our next call is from Brown County. Hello
Hi, how are you good? I like the picture plate great
The unit who this is who is this do you recognize the boy no, I sure know this is the chocolate syrup lady
Isn't it?
Now I'm being nice this morning. It is
How you doing? We haven't heard from you in a long time. Oh
Are you gonna talk to this young lady? I'm not doing anything. I'm just sitting here in shock. What's on your mind?
What do you mean you don't have it hurt it lately? He needs he needs all the help he can get honey
He's just a helpless person
Are you knocking Stan major on my show? Is that what you're doing good because don't try it
Even if it's true, okay, okay? Okay? Well, it's sure interesting to hear from you
Have a nice day. Bye. Bye. Oh my god. Wow happen to her on her best behavior incredible. Wow
I know five let's say to four you want to do a little weather here, then I'm gonna do shells
Sure all by itself. I think should I do it by itself? And you want to do something with it here? Let me take a look
You can do something with it. Okay mostly cloudy today 40% chance of showers high
77 low 64 tonight and
And at last check as we last spoke to Dave writer on his magic weather bus, but we'll get an update here. Yeah
Seven nine
Where's the money Dave?
You are pretty close 72 now. I hadn't given a temperature. Yeah, 70 I didn't give one you
That's what you were gonna say, I bet you know it is as a man kind of felt that
Anyway, if you're looking for the very best and I do mean the best mouthwatering seafood and shellfish anywhere in Miami and Fort Lauderdale
Lauderdale
Then you really got ahead for shells because shells isn't a class by itself
And not always the food delicious, but the price is so reasonable
You can come back time and time again to give it these humongous bowls overflowing
I mean like falling on the floor in your lap with delicious shrimp and all kinds of great other seafood and
The shrimp's camping by the way so good that it's triple X rated in Fort Lauderdale
Mm-hmm and the prices are so reasonable that you can't even cook yourself at home for that kind of price
That's how great it is and don't forget tomorrow night now what's gonna happen captain Dave was supposed to be there with us
With a date. Yeah, that's right big Dave and I are gonna be there and also Bob and Harlan from Cooper City
Hi, I'll be this maybe they'll have to sit in for captain Dave and his date boy
Now this is an interesting now I wonder which one will be well anyway
But from six to eight tomorrow night at the new shells, which is just open recently
And that's on Oakland Park Boulevard just over near federal highway near US one a quarter mile west to be exact of US
One and again will be there filling our faces from six to eight tomorrow night and the big Dave will be a more than happy to
You know show you a picture of his Ferrari
Mm-hmm, and well, I'll be just having a marvelous time
But you're gonna want to be there for sure and to taste some of that delicious seafood because shells is a seafood experience at prices
That you cannot afford to miss as they say all right, so we'll look for it tomorrow night from six to eight at the new
Shows and of course don't forget there are two other shells locations in
Soundflord as well and you know you can go out in the street and look around for them right? It's a 907 on Zeta 4
Drinking my coffee
A bunch of my donut with Zeta 4 on the dark
Trying to work in my rules with a daily meal with Zeta 4 on my dial
Meal me a little bit sweet
I wonder where that six sound was coming from isn't that cute
From your little bird I knew it that passed on on Zeta 4 and don't forget God's will be long from attendle 3
Tendil midnight whenever he's on and on God's his grill at noon today's got blocks from the blues brothers
Jackson Brown and Jethro Dull don't say ten to midnight. I don't say that could happen
Here
Moving right along
Let's take this call from the eighth county next hello
Dave County speak to us. Please. Hello. Yes, sir
This guy's in a bear. I get off that speaker phone. Come on
Don't try to impress us with your speaker phone. Yes, I can't
That's because you're on a speaker phone. Why don't you get on a regular phone?
You're on a cordless what?
Okay, get the other one would you please?
Guys that try to you know impress us. Oh, that's so much better. All right, Neil's for the city. Yeah, that's pretty excited
That's not by Detroit
Yeah, what we got to record it that means I'll send you a day when you record me one
It's 11.5 9 9 11 on Zeta 4. I'm not even dignifying that with a response right
Let's go to what four or
One did you erase one because you don't want me to go to one or is one night? See he's getting so far ahead of himself now
It was one. Okay. Don't get carried away in there. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, pal? How you doing?
I've been talking a long time you missed me. Yeah, well, that sounds really emotional to me
I want to hug and squeeze you. Oh great. How so how do you place me later the how soon can you be here driving dead?
You know what I said. I said how soon can you be here?
The driving dead
Yeah, I've been heard that one a long time. You mean that horrible thing that everybody says is so bad
But they can't hear it often enough. Yeah, I need to hear it. It's so bad. Where is it that it's wonderful?
I bet it's back here. Yeah, that's when you probably put in the secondary stat
Right here. I have my hand on it right now sir. Got it right now. I got my hand on it right now
But I'm not gonna play it right this second, but sometime sometime this hour. Don't panic. We got an hour
Okay, I promised to kiss you for it. Okay. Okay. What do you look like?
Well like not six foot. Yeah
Hundred and I don't know somewhat a hundred and ten pounds 60 something pound because I look late now. Oh really? Yeah, you doing steroids too?
No, me no acids and that's good
Both hormones
Stay out those steroids, but I'll tell you they'll kill you
So Neil do you know that one of the side effects of steroids? I'm not making this up either is um
How do I say this? Yeah, no, you don't know what it is well. I have an idea. It's continual erections that won't go away
Yeah, I've seen the effects. Have you really yeah, wow that's why I haven't taken yet
If I'm in the mood I figure once in a while. Take it. Yeah, once in a while, but not like const not like 24 hours a day
Could be a little embarrassing like in a restaurant
Sixty hours a day, maybe yeah, okay
So listen, what did you want? Oh, you wanted the driving dead? Okay, it's coming up. Okay, thanks
I had a theater near you. See you boy boy. Wow, so that was an amount of proposition that was huh 913 on Zeta 4
Maybe that the brother used to be at hot 105. What is her name for all right? Maybe she'll call back and explain that last call
See, I thought you would remember her name no Ferrari well a car rings a bell, but not her
I don't she does I never heard of her. I hate to break the news to it. Yeah, she used to be on a hot one
I mean, I have heard of that bitch patty me on G2R
Tasted a G Michaels news in the morning on hot 105 on the gay. Uh-huh. Wow. Yeah, uh, Broward County. Hello
Yeah, sir. How you doing great?
You know I can get some steroids come on
Get serious. We're your plays. You're not that desperate. Are you?
I'm gonna healthy young man like you shouldn't have any problems at all
Yeah, uh five or ten times a day, right? Right, right. That's a minimum. Okay. That sounds good to me
Hey, forgot one bit. You know, I listened to the major show. I called you the other day. You forgot the screen didn't you?
To put the screen on and oh the screen is in the other room
I don't have that cap on day. Captain Dave has that hidden away in a very desperate place
You know, let's see days in stand show. I got a hand there. That's my fix
Uh, the business show. I have to do you really? Yeah. Okay
Stand and play that does it. Is he? He's not playing that is he? Oh, no, he's not playing it. I do it. Thank God for that you do it when you do that show
I heard that show most most of South Florida does too. Yeah, right
Today it's gonna be a real picnic because we're gonna be fun doing up there and it's gonna be great. You just
I heard today ought to be a good day for change. Yeah
Yeah, just a wild ash for me show. Oh, yeah, and uh, I'm gonna if you don't get that show going boy
It's going back to life again. I told him a die stream story never do it, but uh
Well, you can get to the point now where
Where I can't take it anymore. By the way, here's an interesting tidbit for you. It says on a screen
This is a credit. You're not gonna believe this
River Phoenix is on the cover of the January issue of vegetarian times
I wonder what they're trying to say that's funny. That's incredible somehow it's appropriate
No wonder he looks so pasty and pale, you know, I got this picture that somebody said he really looks tragic
No, no, the bird was, you know, getting everybody all excited about River Phoenix. Now we see he's growtessk
He has gruesome
Brian now he does not look like Brian. Oh, no, unfortunately, right
Yeah, one other thing I went out with the girl from Dave Ryder show
Did and what I would have last night, I thought maybe you could call and let me find out how to shoot what she thought of the date
Okay, okay, we'll call her right now. Okay, thanks right boy boy forgot about 915 on Zeta 4. Well, it's so easy to forget
Well
Got playing those bits and I mean
Why does the phone sound so funny day? You know, so that sounds like it's got a hiss in it
Hi
I have to tell you about this first it was with his guy named George
He was into horseback riding and when I told him that I was too he invited me to go to his grandfather stable to go riding with him
Well, first let me tell you George was the best looking guy I have ever gone out with. I mean, I'm talking
Bill, he's really built
He had thick blonde hair and the prettiest eyes. I mean like baby
He could be through eyes and he was about five foot eight and well as soon as we got on the horses we went riding into the forest
It was so romantic and it was like out of a movie
And we were surrounded by all these trees
And told me how much he liked me and couldn't wait till we got back to the stable
Because well we went on a hay ride that night and I'll never forget it
George and I are going riding next weekend too
Come back tomorrow and I'll tell you all about another date I had
Now we didn't even get to a kiss today. I don't believe she's going back out with them
I don't buy it. She may be going for a tumble in the hay, but it'll be by herself
I think he was interested in getting back to the stables and a hurry for a different reason
The animal lovers to get up said if I said what it was
917 on zeta 4 and let's take a cool cool from brownered hello. Hey, how you doing great at a spy report for you
Okay, let's hear it. Lay it out. You'll play in the bits. I tuned over to the glove. Yes, and they had this elderly psychic on
I mean this guy made Mickey day and look like I don't know what like a terrible real snappy
Anyways at the end of the hour they were ready to bid him goodbye and they also goodbye and started plotting and he goes
All right, you all have a nice life now. Oh my god
I'm amazing. He was for real. I'm amazed he didn't say boy
I thought it was great. I might want to know
Well, that's got a glad that they're getting some interesting guests on that show child
They need something over there. I don't know what they need you know they're playing more music now
Hey, listen, that's Joey is playing more music and Greg and Donald are playing more music
Let's hear it for all these music intensive people and herman herman and McQueen can't be found anywhere. They're playing so much music
That's it. They can't compete. I got a good idea. Neil. Yes, you know the 976 numbers. Why don't you get one 976? Neil? Yeah
You can call him a subhuman mong brain and a lot of money can get made okay
Well, listen to my friend Dave Ryder wants to do it. I'm ready
I love it. Take care you too. I'll tell you my share it's some of that money that that maniac is making just he's making bags full
No, okay, I know what do they say they had four and a half million calls in January or something like that? That's right to his services. Yeah, just to his service
Anyway, moving right along. Let's take one from a bokeh next. Hello. Hi. How are you this morning? Great
I thought I'd say so you know a little bit on a Howard Stern bit. Oh, yeah good old. How is he still on the air?
Yeah, he's still on the air in fact. I was up to my sister in law's wedding in the Edison, New Jersey
Right Alan Dines Day and
Some of the relatives came in from New York and for some odd reason one of the mass me a la ever heard of Howard Stern
Mm-hmm. I said sure they said we ought to listen to him and Monday they play the best of Howard Stern
All right
And he's about as amusing and entertaining as a kidney stone
Okay, all he did was read an article out of a magazine about some movie star that was divorcing his wife and living with his babysitter
While his cohort female
Made snide remarks about it
Probably a little bit
Not Rob Williams no
Or Robin Williams is who was my thought you were talking about robbing the sidekick. No, that's the that's Robin Quiver
He's talking about Robin Williams. Yeah, he uh, well you'd know about those robins. He's on the uh
Don't not all losing that I don't know the cover of people. Oh, that's probably what he's reading out of okay
Mm-hmm, okay, and you probably don't know the name Leonard
But I'm the guy that brought you the bagels that morning. Oh great. We appreciate it
And I said I'd never call a radio show, but I had to call you for this while they were great listen
Howard does only make a million years to don't worry about him. Okay. Yeah, okay. He's not missing any meals
Yeah, right either you that's okay. Okay. Okay
See you later. Okay, but at least I don't look like twisted sister
All right, how do you want to work this Robin you decide? Okay, that's enough of him
Okay, don't you think that's enough for today? The nice
Howard's been in small doses that was you think that does for small enough in addition to which that machine is so screwed up now
It's like this now. I you know, it's just my imagination
But you heard it with your own three years didn't you in machine number two?
We don't want to get you know down on the engineers again because they did a sensational job on almost everything
Okay, now the car machines are all messed up, but one thing at a time right we got the clocks the right time right CD player cues up
The phone thing is like eight million times improved the first call got on and it sounded great and equality on the phone
And the RF is out of there. Mm-hmm. So one step at a time man
Yeah, your phones are great. Yeah, and even the music is improved
Okay, see I beat him to the putt said time. I'm beat you to the punch
I stopped it before you started screwing around with it
Okay, we're gonna do a break now. We just dimension that in passing. Gunsers grill today
And we already mentioned this, but we'll listen to again because it's on the log. Mm-hmm. Uh Jackson Brown
lose brothers
and
Do I have to say it go ahead jethro doll
And what happened what happened you see what this is this is like for you
Yeah, I see that one too. I know we're number one
Okay, 923 on Zeta and of course the last time you gave me a cart it was some mung thing
So here's guns are again trying desperately you can play that you're sure. Yeah, it's not x-rated right and now a native new york impression a new york echo
Hello
That was great. Thanks a lot guns. That's really good. I was a Jeff Gonser who brought that in in case anybody in the audience is wondering
Okay, that's geo and z-e-r as in ganaf
Neil Rogers the rock and roll monster
924 on zeta 4 this is for our illustrious program director who's done such human working here this morning for the ailing captain day
One of his all-time favorites soon to make the playlist here's Terry Stafford every time you kiss me
I'm still not
Every time you hold me. I'm still not certain that you can
Though you keep on saying you really really really love me
Do you say the same words to someone else when I'm not there
You
It's my heart
He's
Every time you call me and tell me we should be tomorrow
I can't help but think that you're meeting someone else to
You
Why should I go man's just keep on causing me some sorrow
Why am I so dapful when I never
It's this vision towards my heart
Cis vision keeps us apart
Cis vision why taught you me
thought if you love me I beg you to wait a little longer
Waiting till I drive over this foolish fears out of my mind
Why can't our romance just keep on going stronger
Maybe I'm suspicious cause she love this so hard to find
Cis vision for me to my heart
Cis vision keeps us apart
Cis vision why taught you me
