We can't find steam. Hello Sunrise. Hello, this is Hill. Yes.
But you call by husband and the other day. How about a mug brain?
You said there's a couple of buckets of sweet mo. We're running out.
It's strawberry. I know. Okay. Bye. Bye. Well, that was a great call. That's bomb. Hi.
Hi. This is Jeff. I'm a long time. We're scenario. The first time calling. How do we sound up there, Jeff?
Pretty good. Sometimes you're going to fall around with the antenna. But it comes through.
Yeah. What part of Palm Beach do you live in?
West Palm. I'm going to Palm Beach. I'm going to Palm Beach.
You were talking about the sun. I'm tired of shooting therapy and then whatever.
That's correct. This is number one yesterday. It was funneled out. It was ready on an assistant to WJ. You know what works?
Somebody called us and said he was going to do that show. Yeah. He did. Yeah.
He drank earlier and he said, welcome. He doesn't like to see anyone drink along with you drink here. Oh my God.
And they had all kinds of calls. And in Thursday, they're doing a show on the news.
On what? On nudity. On nudity.
With nudity, I forget naturalists. So he's doing the show on the news.
He's only got two other people to do the show. They're both men. So they've been unyielding, re-barking, re-barking, asking for a woman.
You know, if they want to come in, you know, do the show because you really don't want to do the show.
Just two men and two men in the nude. Oh my God.
Yeah. I know. You know, when you tell me stuff like this, it just makes me so glad I'm away from that kind of radio.
And we don't do any of that stuff anymore.
Let's go to a call for my Emmy next. Hello. Hey, good morning.
You're struggling. Can you hear it in my voice, sir?
Yeah, you're struggling.
So when you go into delay, yeah, what is this four seconds ago?
Isn't it incredible? I'm in like, you know, you figure that five times a week, that's twenty seconds.
And after all these weeks, I'm in like, that's like hours.
No, it doesn't work that way.
I like how it's like the Christmas party.
You know when they change at the time?
No, it doesn't work that way, but it's an inch.
Did you hear where you weren't listing earlier this week when I, we were playing a record.
I can't even hear you were playing that Brian Adams.
That's Brian Adams. So I can turn it off and we lost four seconds.
And then it's like, I thought someone was missing.
I know. And then it's built back up and you could actually hear it.
It was bizarre.
It was, wasn't it?
Yeah.
You were real lucky to hear something like that because you could actually hear how it works.
And what's weird is I'm in here now with the delay where usually we're in the other studio.
And I can see it and it tells you as it builds up and it's really strange.
It's a strange thing. I don't know how it works, but it's great.
Yeah, good question.
Yeah, because strange and questions, you know, radio people like that really only extreme personality stuff.
Right.
Like when you tap and dive in his room, you make a two extreme personality living together.
Like, any conflict, you know?
Any conflicts?
It's not even a wish they can eat in a bunch of words for you.
Yeah, yeah.
In the cuisine department, they're kind of his.
Really?
We both like spicy food, but like for breakfast, I'll have like grape nuts with skim milk.
And he likes to eat things like pig slabs and veggies.
And my sandwich, you have veggies and stuff boiled and, you know, just all this oily stuff.
But ready, Shadow the most bizarre thing.
And then you'll dip his tail like boil eggs and all this bacon fat and dip his toast in the fat morn.
That's even disgusting.
Everybody says that, you know, that goes to England that they just hate the food and they can't stand it.
But he cooks some great food though.
As you just a lot of times, he likes rich stuff, you know.
Real rich.
Now he doesn't eat veggies, might does he?
That's awesome.
Oh, okay.
You ask very first-pricotious questions.
Those are very good questions.
Just one.
Yeah, thanks for calling in.
All right, bye-bye.
Coral cable.
Hello?
Hello.
Hi.
Hey, what's up?
What are you calling for?
The accounting stock age.
Hi.
How you doing, dude?
Well, you were very negative.
No, I asked you if you were having problems with dogs.
Yeah.
And don't hang up on me.
Get him a pay you want.
That's why I'm jailed.
Because of the dogs?
Yeah, four years ago.
Yeah, I'm shot a guy because he killed my dog.
I'm going to, you know, make the suggested, what he's doing with the guy makes a dog so bad.
No, he's not.
You know, we got over there and everything's fine.
Did you?
You know, he's the dog.
Now they're great.
You know, we're teaching him how to attack rook Edwards and that's going to be great.
I get out of three days.
Three days.
Oh, that's nothing.
You can do that with one hand.
Hi, Bond, you're bad.
Did you make it out?
Yeah, three days, man.
You'll make it.
Oh, listen.
I'm going to make a suggestion, not a request.
Yes.
And I'm going to do it last week, but like, I got to hold up on it.
I know.
Oh, wow.
And he's coming out.
Are you ever going to get over there?
Three days.
Ha, ha, ha.
Three days.
No way, man.
If you're going over here, I'll miss it.
Ha, ha, ha.
But Albus is everywhere.
Oh, we've been playing that all week.
Oh, man, I ain't heard because I did, you know, I only get a radio every other day.
We can't play it today, but maybe tomorrow.
I think I have it on CD.
Three days.
I think it's the next time I get a CD.
Yeah, I'll play it not today, but I'll play for you later this week, like tomorrow.
I don't know if I'm going to play for you later.
Somebody pulled the boyfriend back?
Yeah.
That's correct.
Ah, management.
Yeah, man, you guys are really nice to people.
Ha, ha, ha.
No, no.
Maybe I don't know if you guys could say this, but you guys got to really scared people over there.
I think those people that prove stuff like that are trying to stuff, you know what I mean?
Why?
I never thought of it that way.
Maybe they'd do it straight back.
Hey, Mr. Guy.
You redeemed yourself.
All right, see you later.
930 on Zeta 4.
That wasn't, I just robbed letting that go over the airwaves.
Ah, boy, you know?
You're right.
We can't say it.
No, she just pushed one, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Just to see what happens.
Hi.
Hi, Glenn.
Hey.
It could get to help you why they pulled my boyfriend back.
Um, why do you think they pulled it?
I don't know.
Maybe they said something about K-Wine.
Mm-hmm.
We were, what it was?
Yeah, we were amazed that it stayed in as long as it did.
Thank you, boy.
You know, we were talking about earlier.
Well, I'll have to point to you out there.
Um, we were talking about earlier.
How, you know, they'll pull certain things.
And the other things, they just, you know, are fine.
And yet we know that there are things in there, you know?
And they just, they don't hear it, or they don't get it.
Well, finally, they got it.
Took a long time.
And you can't play.
Could you call Bob and Debbie Douspec?
You'll have to do it.
Bob and Debbie, you're both Douspec.
Bye.
Thank you so much.
I'm the same.
I didn't turn it on.
My hostile hysterical lunatic friend, and you old douchebag,
you old douchebag, you old douchebag.
I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother.
I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother.
I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother.
My, I, I have...
Because they're not all as brilliant as you are.
You are bitch, you are bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch.
You leave it to be there.
Starring you, Bob, I'm the rebel, you're the toned douchebag.
And you're the one who's the absolute leader.
Beaver, what do you want?
I love being.
Whatever you did, don't drag me into it.
Sure, okay.
Whatever you say, pal.
I love being.
What do you want?
I know what you're doing in this can field.
We're getting our hands on her, man.
She's going to be so black and blue she won't be able to walk
for a week just between us, man.
I keep it clean, will you please?
Well, beaver, you broke your brother's trophy, didn't you?
Well, that's what I go.
Well, beaver, you've been told time and time again,
not to touch Wallace things, haven't you?
Over it, over it, over again.
Well, I think the first thing you should do
is to tell your brother outside you are that little thing.
For what?
You don't know if you're sorry.
Sorry about excuse me, okay?
Yeah, that's okay.
Actually, it's a troll face.
You've got a name, it's not real gold.
You talk about it, it's straight, man.
Go ahead, I heard that in a long time.
Hello?
I'm scared.
Hold on a second.
Hello?
Hello, where are you?
Now here it's Ed.
I'm looking for a little product there, Ed.
There's a little product there, Ed.
Are you the one?
Yes, and Ed?
Yeah.
I've been touching, man.
They've done it to this man.
I love you, talk to him.
He's the girl who's been listening to this.
Listen to Ed.
Ed?
Oh.
Oh.
I have to call yesterday.
Yeah, yeah, I had to put John Holt for Ed.
You understand.
Oh, sure, what are you doing?
That's fine.
Come back to follow.
It is, and then how are you possibly going to follow, then?
I have three unrelated things to break up.
I think they're unrelated.
I hear in the middle of my sleep this morning that Jeff Charles was heard on another radio station north of here with his clothes off.
Yes, sir.
Discussing things like that.
Yes, sir.
You did try to be outrageous and say, Ed.
I'll try to follow the Northeagose, the better I like it.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, it's kind of like the Gulf Stream.
He kind of dripped slowly north.
Kind of like Joey Reynolds.
You know, there's a big difference between being outrageous and trying to be outrageous.
He is, I mean, he's such an irresponsible idiot that I just, I mean, I got so sick of his program that I was glad to see believe me too.
I wouldn't dare tell you what they were paying them over there.
You'd probably cry.
Just outright.
No, you guys don't want to get politically intense, but have any of you checked in with this Republican convention?
I've been watching, you know, some of the early, like on CNN.
Yeah.
Now, I've got some of it yesterday.
Have you ever seen unoblier a bunch of people in your life?
I didn't want to say that because it sounds like I'm shilling for the Democrat, but every, every, every political needs ahead.
I would trust that.
It's true.
And you want to go on to a group that had a Howard Phillips in it?
And you know what?
I was, I was, God, I think it was channel two or something.
Late Saturday night, I just accidentally tuned into a, they were showing the Republican convention from 64 when Goldwater was given his acceptance speech.
And they'd show the audience and all these Republicans are so damn ugly.
I'm very convinced.
I don't know what it is.
It's got to be a connection there.
You can't say if you can't belong to any other group, you become Republican.
It's funny that you said it because I was just thinking of that right before you said it.
They would concerns me of this quail.
This means that voices has made a concession to these right-wing fundamentalist radical corner.
Oh, you know, they invite Jerry Fowell and Pat Roberts into the convention.
You know something's going to happen.
Did you get that Robert's last night with us to talk about family values and a family God back in school and prayer?
Yeah, but you know, Quail is one of the few decent looking people they have.
So that's what I sure was.
I sure was.
He looks cute.
So that ought to be a problem.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm sure that's why they picked him.
You can listen to him.
You can have a good night's job this week.
Thanks a lot.
And, uh, why does the Republican want to have a good assistant part because I use the word for letters.
Well, uh, she got a little, uh, what did Neil think?
Over the deep end of the house.
He's really, uh, the Thor play misty for me type letters.
And, uh, finally he realized it might not be a good idea to mention her anymore.
And then, uh, we're just trying to have a little fun with her.
Yeah.
I felt like the lady.
Yeah, it was like the lady who was going to give us a shot.
We never heard from her again, either.
And I wonder what happened.
I'll be able to count this out there waiting to crawl into the, you know, her place.
Oh, you bet.
Oh, yeah.
I wait until you've been missed her.
What was he, guys, to the great job this week?
Thanks.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
I'm gonna be the first to see you.
Don't bust commercials, you're misled.
America, don't be a sucker.
Get on the help, people, use your head.
Have more milk and you dropped it.
All right, if you just followed me now, we'll continue our tour of WCTA, my and it beat better known as 804.
Uh, if you're looking here now, this first door.
This is what's known as the control room, where the disc jockey works on the air.
Now over here, behind this door, is the engineering room.
We'll continue our tour.
This is the general manager office, we'll just open here.
Come out, we're gonna put us in jail.
No, that's a good thing, you are totally safe to be out.
The conversation going on between the carrier manager and our morning man, Neil Rogers.
Now if you'll just follow me this way, over here's the cafeteria.
Where all the leftover food goes.
It's like a hodgepodge.
It looks pretty good, it's like you set the little of everything.
Yeah, we're sort of like cleaning up, you know.
Yeah, you're up very good, Neil's very good.
He's a lucky guy to have such talented people around him.
Well, very nice words, thank you.
You know what I'm saying?
Originally from New York and Iowa, you know, cutting up New York isn't so fun.
I thought I might want to lend a little insight.
As to why this show up now, you know.
Oh good, guy will under the same thing.
Exactly, one of the problems is he most of them burned out.
That's what I've moved.
And what happens is when you have a more society, a burned out people, you get what you say.
You really think that's true, huh?
Yeah, they burned out the child, their parents, in a fast lane and very obnoxious.
And the kids see with that kind of system.
And before you know it, the more society acts like a bunch of burned out people.
Well, what I find interesting is that if your obnoxious back to them, that's like fine.
And they look happy.
Yeah, but, right, but if you're not, then they look at that as like a weakness, you know.
And look at this, and they look at it as you're not as good as that.
That's right.
And it brought up to liberal.
Most of the people I mean, you don't live in the streets, you have to have money.
But the society is so fast, taste that you expect to get everything immediately.
You know, you wait online.
Everything has to happen immediately.
So when they come down to Florida or any other area in the country, it's easy to spot them because their brain is still, you know, is if they're on spot for you.
If body is on, how will they be able to pull them right?
Yeah, they don't, it's much just, it is slower down here.
It's a slower pace.
All right, I get them down here a year and a half.
And if I didn't get out into New York when I did, I probably would have backed up.
Yeah, I understand that.
And the weather's sure better.
You know how hot it is up there this summer?
It's miserable in here.
I know this one year, talking about New York, he has a kind of love hate because most people do.
I mean, there's a lot of beautiful things going on.
Oh, of course.
And New York City is unique.
And there's only one New York City in the world.
And of course, New York is from Rochester, you know.
So he really knows.
Okay, one last thing I want to say, I'll let you go.
Okay.
I only heard this once.
If you can, my wife's in the car driving.
If you can't get it, I know being there.
But if it happened around, I heard that liquid that he played about a holiday or beach.
It was supposed to be something in New York said that they were about to play it.
Now, is that clear to something?
It was about us.
Oh, the holiday.
We for Burma has to be one of the hottest things I've ever heard come out of here.
It's really good, yeah.
So if you have that or where I am, it's more suggestive and you might want to play it.
If not, I love you guys anyway.
You're beautiful. I'm going to breath fresh here.
I'll see if I can find it.
Have a nice day.
Bye-bye.
Carl Springs.
Hi.
Hi.
Good morning, guys.
Our own's wondering, Captain Dave, could you tell my friend, Mike,
do you need a headset, McDonald's, and Carl Springs to go to hell?
Burn, baby, bro.
And here's him, burgers.
And also, New York is dragging on the motivation station.
I've been listening to your past couple months now.
Make it to me so motivated, I just, my brain.
I like that station every now and again for a few minutes.
I like it.
Yeah, I do do it in small doses because it's so positive.
Yeah, sure.
And I like positives.
I'm a positive type of person.
Yeah, positive, sometimes.
Sure.
And I enjoy it, but only like in little small doses.
You know, there's a good one that's sweet to me.
Yeah, there you go.
Perfect.
I'm in my mind.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I guess that's better than what somebody else can do in here.
All right.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for calling.
They should have a station that there's nothing but negatives.
Well, what would we call it?
We just call it when you scream and you're in the heat.
W-B-L.
You know, down here it could be the biggest thing in the history.
It's out of the world.
W-B-M-R, bummer, ready.
Yeah, bummer.
Now, what do you think of the motivation station, John?
What do you think of that?
Oh, come on.
I like it.
Once in a while they'll play a tape that's really corny.
It's like, why did they play that?
Then there's some of the people that they play are like really together people that have some good things.
Everything's wonderful.
I'd say that though.
They don't say that.
It's great.
You have a power within yourself.
But they're rating their dismal, I mean, let's be real.
They really are.
Well, we do have a Neil story for you now.
Now, you want a prefaceiz captain there?
This was when you were on vacation and Brad was in here.
So I've never heard it.
And I wish I had the whole thing, but this is like about 70 seconds up.
It was this lady called up and she was talking about how much she hated New Yorkers and the New York Mets.
And she said on the New York Mets team, nothing but a bunch of greasy Puerto Ricans.
I see.
Now, this is, this is going to give the lady a story that we promised her and also to fit in with our phone call.
We had a few minutes.
So when she said greasy Puerto Ricans, he hung up on her and he had this to say.
Now to send you back to New York, honey, and make you into a new subway.
Wow.
Wow.
What a disgusting piece of crap you are, honey.
All those greasy Puerto Ricans, man.
I hope they trace that call lady and avoid you in oil.
We're going to have the people at the Santa Ria House put a voodoo spell on you, honey.
You know, big ugly spot on your face.
Exactly.
A horsey moja.
And you'll wake up on Sunday morning and you'll be a mulatto.
How's that?
If the best of both worlds for you, honey.
Just disgusting sub-human, sweet and douchebag.
You know, all these people from New York that think they're so suave and so sophisticated and so much better.
And all their culture, their culture is all done in there in the subway with the burning geats, okay?
That's your culture.
Right there.
Thank God we live in a civilized town when people shoot each other.
They say, I'm sorry.
Kind of a place to shoot.
I'm from anywhere.
The garbage in the streets.
I think they ought to make a used plantation bags in New York.
I would serve them right, okay?
Then you'd see some garbage.
Now there's more of that.
There was more, but that was what we edited down.
That was pretty much the meaning of it.
This is for all you in New Yorkers to make you feel at home?
Sorry about that one.
Yeah.
Just sort of make you feel at home this morning.
Can you maybe take a call or two because I'm not ready for that?
Well, mate.
Yeah, here's the one.
We're gonna make you feel at home.
All I tell you, nobody can move your family in the morning like me.
New Rogers all morning.
But the crack of the new.
Is that right to read a couple of them to you if I can?
Now let's see what we've got.
Okay.
Okay, Bon University professor Reinhold Bergler's recent study revealed that 55% of German men and 30% of German women fail to change their underwear on a daily basis.
What?
Compared to 44% and 6% respectively of French men and women.
I've never dreamed of such a thing.
Maybe we can get one of those people to call in.
You know how you get the news coming to you rather than you go into the news.
I guess it's the way you're brought up.
Don't you think Paul?
Well, good day.
Here's another one from Fort Pierce.
Okay.
According to Fort Pierce Police, a gang of 30 male transvestites from West Palm Beach area have recently shoplifted expensive women's fashions in dozens of swissies.
Wait, what are these stories out of Paul?
This is out of my Bible the new times.
Is it real?
Is it real for the weird?
I didn't know that was your Bible, I had no idea.
No, not really.
Well mine's a national inquiry.
Well it's along the same lines.
But the new times there's some interesting stories in it.
There's one more here in the U.
Now I think you guys did this in the news so I think I can say this.
And if I can't you can dump it out.
Okay.
It has one of the sexual organs in it.
All right.
It's in a scientific way.
Well let's see what it says.
Okay.
Doctors from a New York hospital reported recently that a 34-year-old man will occasionally squirt a cocaine into his urethra.
Oh I know this story.
Let's not do it.
Okay we will.
No, I know what I read that.
Yeah, yeah.
And it fell off in the bathtub.
Okay.
You think we should read?
What would be the first words out of your mouth?
Haha.
I, you know, it's terrible not to...
I know what the first words out of Niels mouth would be.
What's that?
Yeah.
I don't know if we can...
You know Paul, I honestly don't know if we can do this story or not.
Okay well we'll drop it.
Yeah.
But we better not.
Okay.
Okay how about the frozen toilet paper story?
Can I read that one?
Yeah you can read that one.
Okay the federal aviation administration gets about a dozen reports a year of two foot cubes of frozen toilet huge falling from airliners and damaging properties.
What is this story?
Just let him finish.
This is good.
Let him finish.
Yeah I just finished it.
Don't pay attention to him.
Earlier this year Charles Reed 1979 Ford was bashed in by a cube that has implores parking lot near Newark airport.
How I could get this okay.
This is a different cube.
Well they're kind of like letting the release in the airline toilet in the air and I guess this stuff's freezing on the way down.
Yeah it does.
Well do you remember that thing that splashed through the kitchen?
Yeah.
That's the story.
Who we did that time.
Yeah that was a while back.
Don't look up.
That's correct.
Thanks Paul.
All right we're listening y'all have a good day and Benke will be calling first thing tomorrow morning.
Excellent.
Great to hear from you.
He does a Yatson Bluck forward to now Captain.
That's a record he's called every day for the past 27 days.
See Glenn is one of those bisexual names.
Oh.
You know like.
I like that.
This is one of the minds.
We were having this conversation with this lady and they were having this.
Oh two minutes.
You know better than bring that tentative version.
What was nicer when it bring it in?
No that's for the pseudo-yuppie crowd the short version.
So I've got a 4 minute long window.
They'll be done in a second ma'am just second.
Hence we still live from the AOR station.
We still live from a disco station.
That's where the AOR station is.
You have somebody said they had the 12 inch.
Who was that?
Well look here's the 5 minute version of sex dwarf.
We could play that instead.
Gunsure couldn't find his 12 inch version.
I'm sorry.
So this is all we got.
You got to assemble for my 4 minute.
All right.
That's fine.
Let's go to Bokin X.
Hello.
Good morning, William.
Now we didn't get in the middle of a conversation did we?
No I was enjoying John talking to John.
He was arranging.
Yeah.
He's an interesting guy.
I've been listening to you guys ever since you started on FM.
Uh huh.
And this is my third time at all.
And I just had a few questions.
I was curious how Dave got to meet Captain Dave.
I remember really.
That was the very first day I went on the air with these two guys.
Just Neil out of the top of his head.
First time we met.
Oh really?
I guess because the name last name is...
Oh I think.
Yeah.
It just seemed to fit.
You know, methods of the man.
It's just seemed to work.
And he sort of runs the board and sort of, you know, pilots.
I don't know.
But it just sort of worked.
Remember I asked, I asked you the same thing.
I know what you thought Dave.
It should be.
I want you to know that.
I get it from John Sender.
Yes?
He's a pregnant girl.
Sure.
If you could bring him to a theater.
Oh, I already am.
That's my favorite.
And we love to play at Captain Nois Captain Dave.
That doesn't annoy me.
I don't understand.
I understand.
Wait, this show comes on right after a copy.
Maybe you could just like, want to start as a subject in that.
See when you want to cause me to leave.
Just stay tuned and just want to the show to start.
We'll think in one extra minute.
If you just joined the show, we have a promise from Captain Dave.
I'm going to watch Cosby for the first time.
Yeah, Cosby today is on the other side.
That's right.
But after Cosby, if you stay tuned, I'll laugh.
Yeah, maybe.
Well, is there like, canned laughter to film me where I could be left?
In your show?
Yeah.
I'm serious.
I don't have to worry.
Because I get lost now when I just keep moving.
But if you keep your TV on at 8.30, and the next show starts,
you'll hear the pain will sound exactly like this.
Thursday nights, right after Cosby.
I'll play a copy of the H.O.R.
Send the music in to the table.
I'll sing on the scales.
I can see my phone when you wait.
It's a bad experience.
That's the whole thing.
Yeah, you see my daughter Denise talks to me.
She was got a cigarette.
She would never get burned in the wild.
She was in college.
I was clear with murder.
You write that black hole.
What you're saying?
You got the wrong cigarette.
Oh, God, excuse me.
I got a little test of my cadet.
I got a little test of my cadet.
I got a little test of my cadet.
I got a little test of my cadet.
I got a little test of my cadet.
I got a little test of my cadet.
You won't be out.
You won't be in the air.
You just feel what you're talking about.
You're back in the air.
I like your phone, baby.
You want to hit the hole.
Hit the face.
What do you think of that?
It's hilarious.
This is from what I've read in the past.
I can't believe you've never seen that.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
You've never watched it.
I'm a bird.
I'm a bird.
I'm a bird.
I'm a bird.
I'm a bird.
I call this because I don't usually call you know.
This is a punisher by the way I call it.
It's the Punisher Captain Day.
I got my oozy and my skull on my head right now.
Yeah, more voices that we never ever hear.
It's been the whole week.
It's been like this.
The reason I called was I'm sitting here doing inventory on some of my stuff.
I heard this commercial for Lenny's or Denny's or whatever.
Hi.
And it has those old parts.
And I just have to say this.
But every time I hear that I just want to take my oozy and just you know.
Or go over with my neolation kit and just blow those old parts away.
Like that?
Exactly.
Right, this is form right?
I like this kind of a release of tension for me.
I'm just spending when these are Denny's.
Oh there's another call.
Oh my god.
Anyways, good ones.
Lenny's or Denny's do something else and then having those old parts complaining and bitching on me.
I'm the young kid.
I have a lot of my life ahead of me.
So I don't need this you know.
Yeah well you know this is not ripping your eyes out of our hands of course.
I think they're pretty good spots actually.
If you're like me you know you can get really upset.
Yeah.
Well I would say that you buy one of these.
And it's hard to release your frustration.
Working well on me this morning.
Uh huh.
Well really?
Yeah.
You called the doctor uncle.
This is getting more fascinating.
Now what I want to ask you about Patty was when we talked to you a couple days ago you were
telling us about when you were kidnapped?
Oh yeah.
Can you tell us a little bit about what happened?
Good 1985.
Uh huh.
Now you were kidnapped by who?
By the black people.
Really?
My mom.
And what happened?
I escaped.
You did escape.
Yes.
Now where did they take you?
You were here in town right?
Oh I was a bastard.
I see.
You were doing a bastard now studying it.
You doing that?
When they grade that I kept naplomatic depression by Hendrix the other day when you called?
Tident.
Yeah you didn't hear that?
I know because mother was right there.
You know it's just going really, really, really.
I tell you you have one of the most interesting lives of anyone I have ever seen in my life.
You really you have a life.
You know it is lively isn't it?
Yeah well it's okay.
Yeah.
I can deal with it.
What would like to meet you sometime Patty?
Well maybe.
I got a crystal form here because my father's family wants to be over there.
Yeah.
But you'll be back.
I'll be back.
When you come back come in and meet Captain David and I don't think Neil will be interested.
Maybe like some words on the stage.
I don't know.
I mean not anything I can't see but it looks like some sort of way.
I wait with 90 feet.
Where is that?
Don't pay any attention to Neil.
It's not like in the glades.
No no no we're up to North Miami.
North Miami.
Yeah.
That's at that far.
You know it.
Broward light?
Yeah we're right by the date power line.
That's exactly where we are.
Oh.
We're just a little south of Merimar Parkway.
You know I think they've ever heard of WKAT.
Yeah you told us about that.
I tell you about that.
Did my husband have a cold?
There we go again.
Yeah you call him Uncle.
I like that.
Isn't that fascinating?
What?
Uncle Doc.
Oh okay I'm called Doc.
He was looking for the guy I thought he said something else.
Ha ha ha.
Ugh.
Ha ha.
Well, Patty have a wonderful time in California.
I'll try.
Now when you come back you know work on that okay?
Yeah well we'll be taking care of this.
Okay great.
Hey, can I wish one thing?
Sure.
No but it's Alex and Hi.
Okay.
See you later.
Not the Gallers?
Alright.
Okay.
Hi.
That was Patty.
You know what your friend Patty.
Okay.
Now that was a phone call.
You want to hear phone calls like that on other news.
And if we're not in our studio tonight.
You won't hear any phone calls.
Now don't get on these guys' cake.
They're working on their phones.
Not on their cake.
Not on their cake.
Not on their bed about three last night.
Not talking about them.
They're fine.
I don't want to hurt any feelings on this.
I'm just going to get a experience for you to be in here for a while.
Now maybe.
Now what am I doing here?
Now this.
I thought you appreciated this.
You've been playing out there with yours.
It's the Andy Griffith Show.
starring Andy Griffith as Sheriff Andy Taylor.
Francis Bavaria's Andy.
John Notz as Barney and Clint Eastwood as OV.
OV did you tell your father what happened in school today?
Hell no.
I had a call from the principal this afternoon.
The principal?
Hey B, you're not only old and wrinkled.
You got a big mouth too.
What is that?
Oh it's not at all surprise.
What is it?
During lunch period your son handcuffed Ralph Baker to the flagpole.
You did what?
But Paul, he was being an ass.
Oh.
No man, what kind of language is that?
It's English.
I wouldn't be in this trouble now if Barney hadn't given me those handcuffs.
Dog on it, I told you not to use them on real people.
Barney I'm surprised with you.
You too, OV.
Wait a minute.
I play like a good law man and you say you're surprised.
I say you should be proud.
Right Paul.
Proud, proud, proud, proud, proud, proud.
You spend your days turning a hot mold mine into cold blue steam.
Now you don't work the line, you own the plant.
And when day is done you want the only beer brewed for conservative bath cats my teeth.
Borscht.
It's George Bush.
It's George Bush.
Locked away and aged in a White House cellar for eight long years.
George Bush is the bitter brew.
Fighters of American prairie, just as born.
Drink it straight, there's no nuts with this one there.
It's George Bush beer.
Then it'll make you GO PINK Borscht.
It's George Bush beer.
Handsy Heiser-Borscht-Brilyn company, Big Wussy Missouri.
Now to show you push this one.
This one.
Hi, you're on air.
Hey, could you play the first banana, Chris?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah man, we'll get to it, okay?
No, cheers.
I hate you for the touch of your eye, let's see.
One more time, touch of your awareness here.
You can raise it.
I got all over the house, as a guy.
It's too much suckers to take it all.
Uh-huh, be a flame, not a member.
Say it for me, I get what you're dissing at.
Oh my god, my life is just mine, to my time.
And I'm still blessed as a title.
And to your arms and hands, people will hear on sand.
My heart is in my hands.
Oh.
Good, cheers.
I'm on speed.
My heart is in dreams.
Just your legs and feet.
That will put all your attention in my body.
Your heart is in a storm of a log, and it's time to touch.
Where's it at?
The place where it's at fire.
It's a flame that you decide, which is the right.
It's a fair idea to take all of you to a song.
My nose.
In your head to cast an end.
I can feel the pain you've got, every time I get in dreams.
And I hate people over us.
I'd use your head in your heart to give you love.
With the followers underneath you.
Stick it into your gums.
Your arms, crystal-spout of the beer which is the last time I get it.
20 stitches to roll the gash, and let you feel it in your lash.
I'm just a little bit stupid, but I still feel as if I'm too low.
And if you're like crazy, I'm making sleep with you.
I'm just a little bit stupid, but I still feel as if I'm too low.
I know too well, I'm underneath you.
I saw it's all about to get used now.
It's all about to get used to my heart.
Excuse me.
So you can go to the circus, run and pull the bird.
And you'll burn your initials in my eyes.
Fract your voice.
Fract your voice.
This is the most beautiful music.
All right.
On, so glad we played some Tom Lear this week.
I'm going to thank the call to who we'd like to ask.
The man's a kiss from Tango from Tom Lear on Zeta 4.
Now we were talking about this the other day.
That's very well.
So with the telephone man from 1977, and it's a little bit of a fall, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I talked over it, but sold one million copies.
And went to number 18 on the charts in summer of 1977.
I used to hear that on 96x.
I bet you'll be tickled some memory cards.
Oh man.
At least 10 years.
All right.
Last time.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
Any questions?
Oh, yeah.
You can say last time.
But I see the same commercial over and over and over again.
Any other questions?
Yeah, you believe that egg.
I really got the most of his man.
You know what I mean?
Angie Drug commercials.
Just say, make some new ones.
I got one minutes before 8 o'clock.
I think the RF is...
Oh, boring game.
WZTA, my maybe...
Let's play an ID.
Yeah, that's funny.
So I was just going to suggest that...
Now, what's one you want to use the Nazi torture?
I think so.
Unless there's something better.
But we never hear this.
Ever.
Federal building.
In downtown Miami.
Behind a door with only three letters printed on the front of it.
FCC.
Something very bad was going on.
So, you will give the legal ID at the top of each end of every hour.
What's your...
Now, you're like a bureaucratic Nazi pig.
So perhaps if we turn up those headphones and play a little bit of this...
Oh, stop.
Stop.
I'm a new Roger Sparger wood bloat.
It's going to take a little more than that you brought.
Shoot a toast bag.
If I say we have just this series, turn it up in town.
It's a good time for the great past.
Okay, okay.
It got me.
This is WZTA.
Miami Beach for a lot of the other pop beaches.
Now are you satisfied?
Everybody has their break in the way.
I think that's Cam David's finest performer.
And see that...
That lead to stride into this.
Everybody's been waiting for a night.
No, no, no.
It's the F.C. Saison.
And it's only on Singapore.
Toccus.
What are we gonna do?
I say Toccus.
We are all being screwed.
I say, listen.
Why is this happening to us?
We want the F.C.C. to get our F.C.S.
There's no place for us now.
Even DJs are all down in the mouth.
You can't listen.
But now you will find any words that will corrupt your mind.
No fun to be, send your body F.C.C.
No fun to be, send your body F.C.C.
There'll be nothing left for us to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children.
No, no fun to be, send your body F.C.C.
No, no fun to be, send your body F.C.C.
They want us to be clean.
They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old, please listen to us.
I say, young and old, please don't put up a bus or a petition.
The F.C.C.C.
But you must help us with one thing you'll Roger.
You can't do it all by yourself.
Let's all help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf that the F.C.C.
No, just how you feel and maybe we'll get this unjustful reveal.
F.C.C.C. what are you doing to us?
F.C.C. what are you doing to us?
Our ratings won't fly.
In fact, they might die because of the F.C.C.
You want to fan what we can do.
F.C.C. you've been what we can say.
You've even tried to fan the records that the teachers make.
People, I can talk to you.
I said, you are.
Let's stand and fight for what's true, send your letter.
Into so far so we can tell the F.C.C. what they end up all say.
Are Neil Rogers and so far are on your side.
We have nothing to hide, young and old.
Get your opinions out and maybe the F.C.C. will stay out.
F.C.C. in the fall and now F.C.C.
In the evening now no one knows what words drive them insane.
We are the F.C.C. to play F.C.C.
Now away F.C.C.
Get off our backs F.C.C.
Let us live our lives three nights.
Don't step on it now into the very end.
F.C.C.C.
Now we're coming down now.
Here we go.
Go away.
The dogs are hellling out there in the fall.
I love it.
Understandable.
Some people hellling in this building here.
For phrasing it's like Shakespearean.
It is isn't it?
804 I'm so glad we finally got to go.
