Kids for ya but taste real good!
Sugar!
What gives you the excess energy to drive Mom crazy?
Sugar!
So what breakfast cereal will you tell Mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping!
Sugar shoppers!
Sugar!
Sugar!
You super sugar coldest sugar shoppers are little bits of raw cane, drenched in honey,
and coldened with powdered sugar, glucose fructose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners.
And taste this like sugar coldest sugar!
Right!
Cause there's no yeti vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun!
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating!
Mom, let's watch Crachew!
Mom, we're gonna still get ice cream!
Let's watch Smirfs!
And Mom's a love sugar shoppers too!
Cause inside every box there's a free bottle of new Flintstones truble valium!
So try your super sugar coldest sugar shoppers!
From your friends at Irresponsible Foods!
Strikes back out in John's CD?
Good cun, huh?
I think that's gonna be a single.
That's just my own personal opinion, probably wrong.
Let's tell the wine now anyway, right?
All I know is from Arbison, according to Penny Murray.
It's a minute to late.
WZTA, Miami Beach, here's the scoreboard.
National League, Phillies beat the Mets 3 to 2.
Cardinals beat the Pirates 5.
One to Mets are still by default two games ahead.
Giants beat the Dodgers 3 to 1.
American League, it was Yankees 3 Milwaukee 2, twins 5 to 1 to 4.
Chicago 6, Seattle 5, Boston 1 to 12 for the world.
Red Sox 2, Tachas nothing.
And California 2, Oakland 1.
So he trouts a half game behind New York Boston's only a game and a half back.
That's it.
That's the snorboard from your friends at Zeta 4.
Here are those numbers now.
And Dave County 6 to 0, 3600.
That's 6 to 0, 3600.
And then Broward 7, 7, 9, 3600.
And now Major Delays on the traffic.
7, 7, 9, 3600.
No Major Delays, as Stan would say, on the traffic.
And where the house are food already, huh?
Oh, you're full.
You see, five bags of popcorn.
Well, let's see, he doesn't care about us now.
Well, it'd be nice to be just not like that huge bowl of fruits.
See, that's really too much.
You know, I mean, fat rich is a great guy.
But those enormous bowls of fruit that he brings in here.
The ones that you have to get on a high chair just to reach the top of the bowl, too much.
Hmm.
Too much.
Putting instead, that'd be neat.
Putting.
A big bowl of pudding.
Wouldn't that be good?
Boy, he is into sugar today.
He's really sugar intense.
Sugar shocker intense.
Now, but like a nice ripe cantaloupe would be so good right now, wouldn't it?
Or some watermelon.
Watermelon.
Or a pizza.
Pizza.
It's a minute after eight.
I'm sorry to say the way you're mind, right?
CTA, Miami Beach, Carroll City, OGIS and Goukakis.
What a name, you know.
That's the only thing he's really other than the short and he's got no personality.
Other than that, that name is just not going to help.
See, I'm telling you, this is the big thing.
Bring on the Baklava.
That's the big thing with Takaqas, Baklava.
You don't remember me.
You don't believe me.
He gives free Baklava to everybody.
Bush is going to have a hell of a time beating him, you know.
Greek cuisine is on the ballot for a healthy run.
Here comes who?
Rose is here.
Oh, Rose, and maybe Rose has got that book that we need to be reading.
While we're sitting here, twiddling our thumbs.
Two minutes past eight.
Ah, there it is.
He's got it.
Well, that's good.
Good job, Rose.
Just drop it off and go home.
Okay, we have a call from a P-Rine next.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
How are you?
My name is Wendy.
Yeah, Wendy.
Wendy Rich.
I've wanted to call you guys and remind you that it's the Olympic Year once again.
Right.
Yeah, South Korea.
And instead of it was 802, I got 759.
Well, I hate to break the news here, but you're three minutes slow, Wendy.
Yes, you are.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you that.
I hope the timers at the Olympics have a better walks than you.
I'm Miami.
A little local stuff.
We have the National Champion turning here and diving.
Yeah, I think.
Yeah.
So, as you just a couple days ago this weekend, she won the National Trap and Chip.
That's set her up for the Olympic Games.
Well, a lot of people in Miami who are experts are taking a dive, but that's another story.
No, no, no, we're not talking.
I know, I know.
Just a joke.
It's just a little joke.
Oh, yeah.
Don't get up tight.
Anyway, her name's Wendy Williams and she's favorite to make the Olympic team.
Now, we got Edward Morris.
He's also from Miami.
He's going to make the Olympic team too.
Great.
And that's something to be proud of.
Yeah, you got it.
Yeah, well, you know, let's say something for amateur sport.
Right.
And for amateur radio, we have a lot of that in this market too.
Well, we're talking, we're talking.
These guys worked out really hard.
Right.
I just wanted to have my pride cast.
They did really well this weekend.
Well, they deserve it.
We got nothing in the damn handle by the way.
Well, let's expect.
They're too busy with the volleyball and polo.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, I'm just seeing how many of the cars have named Scott Rich and he's...
And they have a Scott Rich.
No relation to you, of course.
I know.
No relation to me.
Of course, right.
Okay, Wendy.
Well, words well spoken and have a wonderful day.
Yeah, we need to.
Okay, and don't ever call this show, though.
That was nice.
That was nice, but she's chilling for her husband or somebody.
And we don't want her to do that.
Okay, cut it out, Wendy.
You're a great American and we love you, but cut that crap out.
So where's the book?
How come he's dilly-dallying out there in the hallway?
I think he's watering the plant.
Well, because we've only got about 26 minutes
and then all these other bureaucrats will be in and they'll want their copy of the book
and we won't be able to look at it.
I want to see it now.
Soon.
I want to see those hours, okay?
We want to discuss it intensively on the air.
Okay, nurse, ranch it.
Right.
I want my book now.
I want my cigarettes now.
I want my cigarettes.
That's one of the great scenes in the history of life to be honest with you.
I'm still trying to get that music from somebody.
And I love when Jack Nicholson just smashes his hand through the glass
and grabs the carton of cigarettes.
And the guy is still screaming.
You know, at that point he's beyond being pacified.
He wants it now.
I know a lot of people like that.
Anyway, it's 805 and we can kind of like take a very leisurely hour.
I guess he's not going to bring the book in here now.
He's busy acting aloof or something.
I don't know what the hell he's doing.
He's just acting really bizarre.
Like, well, you better wait till you get off the air before I'm going to see out of his mind.
Like I'm going to sit around and smooth in there for an hour.
I want to see that 10 o'clock hour too.
Although in all fairness, we didn't start that classic gold mine till June.
Really?
Am I right?
No, I think it was in May.
No, you're nuts.
I can't remember.
I can't remember.
I don't know.
Or was it in May?
I don't know.
Or was it in March?
No, it was in March.
No, it was in March.
In all fairness, we didn't...
Sorry.
Wow.
That's spooky, is that?
What was that?
That was you.
I understand it was me, but why is he doing that to me?
Spooky.
Well, here we are.
Smack dab in the middle of another hot, humid, oppressive, disgusting, unbearable summer, right?
No kidding.
Summer time will really put your home air conditioner into the test.
If your present air conditioner is more than five years old, you need to look at the state of the art
Lennox 2 speed from brown or heating an air.
A Lennox 2 speed can save you up to 50% off on your current electric bill.
If you saw my electric bill last month, you would pass out...
I bet.
On the floor.
I bet I would.
You would.
I bet.
During the break, I'll tell you how much it was.
Oh, my God.
We'll have somebody give you mouth water.
I would be curious.
Now, most people can make the payments on the Lennox 2 speed, simply on the money that they
save off their electric bills.
So, let brown or heating an air show you everything about the incredible Lennox 2 speed air conditioner
when you call them toll free at 1-800-525-5045.
That's 1-800-525-5045.
Broward, heating an air has been serving the fine folks and even some who are pretty nasty too.
In Broward, Palm Beach, and Dade with the same ownership quality and excellent service since the way back in 1956.
Don't forget, you can't reduce your electric rates, but you can reduce your electric bill dramatically by 50% in fact with a Lennox 2 speed from brown or heating an air.
You call them today toll free 1-800-525-5045.
Oh, okay.
Well, it's going to be cloudy today this summer day here and this is a summer day.
Afternoon showers and thunderstorms are likely rain chance 60%.
See, it's obvious.
It would be 90 degrees.
You're standing idiot.
Man, near 90 today, 75 tonight and 75 now.
It's 804-807.
And G.L. just drove up at 807.
Yeah, she happened.
Yeah, she happened.
There are no...
He's not playing anything now.
Oh, okay.
He could.
Always playing that.
You know what, we forgot to tell everybody about dead dead dead.
Dead Tuesday.
Why do you route eating your fourth bag of popcorn?
We did mention it.
We don't have the promo card in here so you might want to do that.
You see, there's been some corrections.
I remember that bizarre copy that you had to read.
Well, that group that is going to be performing grateful dead music at Woody's tonight.
It's four piece of jam, not four piece of jam.
As we had been the second last week.
Four piece of jam.
I wonder who the illiterate people are.
Who type up those three by five cards for us?
It couldn't be any of the same people who type up some of the copy.
I don't know.
You think?
There'll be a free rose to the first 94 women tonight.
Yeah, we have...
We're going to be giving rose away to the first 9-4 women to show up and buy them our money.
He's going to be dragging a little bit.
So you want to write that number just write it down here?
Write down what number you're in.
Oh, yeah.
And then I'll tell you what mine was.
And this is June we're talking about.
No, and I can write mine down.
Actually, it's me.
I bet you I can estimate how much it is.
I'm going to write down what mine was.
Yeah, you're probably without the first number, right?
Yeah.
808.
You're close.
I don't want to see it.
Oh, yeah. Well, good luck to you.
Well, this guy doesn't first of all, he has no electricity in his house.
Oh, God.
It's like a monastery.
It's like a tropical hut.
He's got these ceiling fans being manually drawn by...
But there is a wild fan cheese.
They see in there.
Yeah, a little bit.
Just a little trickle somewhere.
That's right.
Somewhere in the middle of that hut.
That's right.
So anyway, that's the way it goes.
809.
See, if I was making a million dollars a year,
I'd still wouldn't have two nickels to rub together.
So don't get too carried away.
Well, you don't know that budget.
And you see that book yet, by the way,
there's so many wear near here at this morning.
Hansi.
What is that?
You don't know how to budget.
You need to like put...
Every day, put like a dollar away.
It sound like my mother now.
I had the end of the movie.
You got to save like crazy, like mad.
For what?
Today's Tuesday.
Yeah, yeah. I'll be there.
Are you going over?
Yeah.
Later on, like about 4.35 o'clock, I'll be there.
You have any idea what you're going to have?
Probably some grubbinus today.
I'm going to take her that chicken soup.
Oh, good.
Great.
Because we won't eat in my house.
But you can eat it over there.
Great.
Yeah, she can make it over there on Tuesday.
Oh, great.
And we can invite Bruce Williams.
Ten minutes after right, we have a call from Cooper City,
which is a real rarity on this show.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, Kirk, how is it?
Oh, I'm pretty good.
I went over to Cooper City Band yesterday,
and there's a bunch of freshmen that are coming
into our school next year, listening to your show.
You're kidding, Kirk.
I was wondering if you can call them all douchebags.
Well, I think that we don't have to just pick on the freshmen.
I think we can say about 95% safely of Cooper City High
is douchebags, okay?
Okay.
Our douchebags is a case maybe.
Okay, at least you save us that 5%.
Yeah.
Well, it used to be about 10%, but you know how things change, right?
Oh, yeah, very drastic.
Those fickle kids.
Oh, gosh.
So, choking on popcorn, huh?
Yeah, choking on popcorn, right?
Something.
All right, guys, so what kind of food are you guys expecting today?
Well, we're expecting anything that's edible that doesn't choke us today.
Like a pizza would be real nice, you know?
I don't expect red from the pizza hut to do that again
like you did the other day, but if he just happened to be in a generous mood
or somebody out there, oh boy, that would just hit the spot.
So great.
Oh, gosh.
You know?
Oh, I think my sister wants to say hi to you.
Really?
Come on, come here, come here, come here.
Okay, here she is.
Okay.
Wow.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing?
Hi.
What do you have to?
Well, we're just sitting here faking our way through life, you know?
Oh.
Making a living without working too hard.
Why are you up so early this morning?
Why good work?
Oh, do you?
Yeah, I work at a big house.
Are you cereal?
Yeah.
And what do you do there?
You're like an instructor?
Yeah, I'm a counselor.
Fantastic.
Well, you sound awfully young to be a counselor.
How old are you?
12.
12?
And you're a counselor?
Yeah.
Boy, that's what I like.
You know, in fact, when college professors are like 10 and 11,
then we know that society's been perfected, right?
Okay.
Well, listen, you guys have a great day.
Okay, you too.
And we'll talk to you later.
Okay, bye-bye.
Oh, boy.
620-3600 in day, 779-3600 in brown.
We just got a call and guys are going to send us a copy of that cuckoo's in this music,
that Montevani, that they play when they're given a number.
I thought you said that guy was going to send us a pizza from Johnny G's or something.
No, this is better.
Wouldn't that be great?
Johnny G's right now with the dried, whatever that is?
Sundried.
Sundried tomatoes.
Pickled eggs on it.
Mmm.
Wow, that would be so good right now.
Or the other one is really even better, you know what?
The asparagus.
The asparagus and the sausage, whatever it is.
I don't know what's wrong with me, but I didn't come in here to eat.
I don't know.
And we got a job to do.
I came in here to...
I don't know.
I said, I don't know what's wrong with me.
Are you out of your mind?
I came in here, I wasn't thinking about eating.
I mean, we had a sheet in here yesterday with the menu for the next 25 years on this show,
and you're talking, you're trying to change our images at it, trying to protest.
I just want the audience to know that in his own quiet way, when that food comes in here,
there's a certain bird that wolves up more than you can imagine, okay?
Just pours it away.
Love.
James, no, nobody said you were fat, but that's not the point.
There are a lot of people who are skinny who just pig out like it's going out of style.
Now, you know, I weigh once a month.
I tell you that I weigh once a month, I check my weight.
And we were not familiar with that.
You didn't know that?
You're probably astonishing now.
And it like stays the same forever.
And I hate to be the one to tell you that you're going to get very upset.
The thing is though, you have to get on the scale.
Oh, well, you didn't tell me that.
That's why it stays the same.
He just stands over it and looks at it, but he doesn't step on it.
And he just doesn't understand it.
It just always isn't the same position.
I weighed the early this month a couple of weeks ago, and I'd lost two and a half pounds.
Isn't that great?
And you're right.
I do wolf that food up when it comes in.
It's weird, isn't it?
Yeah, I'm not sure.
You know, like my English roommate, they measure things in stone, stone, like your seven stone.
Oh, it's Mick Jagger's birthday today, by the way, speaking of stones, we haven't...
Oh, I haven't done that yet.
I was going to cue this up and I'm going to be telling you.
While we talk to Jimmy on the mobile phone, we'll do that.
Jimmy.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
Good.
Do we have an update on Stan's potential?
Whereabouts?
The reason I asked is I was flipping through the values today.
I caught Mr. Ego.
Yep.
And for probably the first time in history, he wasn't slicing Stan into a million pieces, which
led me to believe that we might find Stan coming on in the morning there, possibly.
In the morning?
In the morning before six feet.
Oh, you mean the midday, man?
The midday, right.
I'm a midday.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I'm saying a big complimentary.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Well, wouldn't that be something?
Now, what's Mr. Ego going to say if that should happen?
How's he going to swallow all those words and all those illegal tapes that he played on the
ear and behaving like a baby, you know?
He was actually complimenting Stan and saying how he had great potential.
Well, I do know this.
The only thing I could tell you is I don't know that Paul Lyle, even with his ego and everything,
is going to be history pretty soon over there.
So somebody's going to be doing that a lot.
Oh, it sounds like he was sort of petting him a little before he comes to visit.
Petting him a little bit.
I don't think Stan would like that.
I like that.
Well, we'll keep you posted.
Well, it sounds like an interesting potential.
Okay.
I'll see what I can dig up.
You're not listening to a word that I'm saying.
It's 815 on Zeta 4.
Now, that's how a lot of people from New York are.
You know, they just talk and they don't listen.
620 3600 and date 779 3600 and Broward.
So when you learn to step on people.
I just found out it never take a breath.
A stone is 14 pounds.
Oh, well, let me figure that out.
So you probably weigh about 10 stone.
11 stone.
That's right.
Like 146.
I think Mick Jagger weighs more than that.
I think just his lips alone weigh more than that.
Okay.
He's 45 today.
45.
Is this his birthday today?
Yes, it is.
Mick Jagger.
Happy birthday, Mick.
And two eggs.
WZTA, Miami Beach.
Fort Pierce, Fort Myers, Fort Drum.
Fort Drum.
Oh, yeah.
One of my favorite Fort Drum.
One of my favorite places on the turn-by.
It is.
Yeah.
I always stop it for drum.
You know, even if I don't have to.
What's in Fort Drum, by the way?
Is anybody know?
Is there anything there?
No.
It's like a little tiny circle off the edge of the turn-by.
You know?
So anyway, $8.59 here's the Major League Snorboard for the last time this morning in the America.
It's sick and tired of him.
Like that big wall rust over in Tampa.
And what's the mayor of Sunrise?
The ex-mayor of Sunrise.
Oh, he said he wanted to be as new-budges.
He's the Rogers of Sunrise, okay?
Well, I'll tell you if you'll pick my garbage up for me, John.
No problem.
I'll give you some pointers.
You can use my lines.
Okay, you can say douchebag.
When you're in Sunrise, boy, it fits in.
Believe me, a lot of douchebags in Sunrise.
Then we need organ headline music here, if you don't mind.
Oh, jeez.
You, after yesterday, after last night, you think I'm going to find it?
I was sitting right here.
No, never mind.
I'll get it.
I'll find it.
All I have is this.
Just stall a little bit.
I'm in the hulks of the fallow.
Wow.
Well.
Well.
No, you can't do it until we find the organ music.
Well, you had it.
You played it.
Did you look in the machines?
You could see you've been playing it this morning.
I have not played it this morning.
Wow.
Yes, the organs?
I did play it today.
Yeah, sure you did.
I think you've been fantasizing about it.
Well, it's possible.
Yesterday, we played it a lot yesterday.
And we played it so much that it's like...
I know I heard it this morning.
You heard it this morning?
I swear I heard it this morning.
You're organ music?
No, we didn't play it this morning.
No, I think you do.
You did, you did, you did, you did, you did.
This is like the time tunnelâte
Okay.
The time tunnel kind of.
That was nice. You know I remember the day when boy you could put your hand on a cart just
Well they came in here and turned the whole place upside down. You know we got no place
I wasn't blaming you I was just saying I remember those days somebody stole our organ card.
Yeah where's our organ? Somebody stole our organ ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, this is crazy. Guys this is ridiculous. We don't have time to fart around with this all day.
You're right. God almighty we got to find that organ before it's too late.
Oh now what is this to introduce Camden? What are we getting this organ out for?
Food announcement. Oh okay. Did you find it? This is worth it. Wow worth it.
Jan Garcia came back here and said that the boys from pizza hut were on their way.
Oh my gosh. I can't believe it. I was even embarrassed to suggest it because they were so nice to come by and do that the other day.
This early in the morning. That was worth an organ introduction.
You're right. See I thought it might have been a good wise decision. Yeah it was.
Oh okay watch out for that one 905 on Zeta 4 and we'll continue with these calls because the calls have been really staggering.
That's seriously they've run the game and we've had everything from Ted Bundy to what?
Yeah Ted Bundy did call earlier. To garbage bags. To garbage bags. And I think they kind of fit together don't they?
Yeah we do. I think I ought to take Ted Bundy and put his parts in garbage bags okay.
Well listen if you didn't know it before I'm sure you know by now what a real pain in the brain it is and how expensive it can be to get car insurance.
Especially if you have a few tickets or drive a high performance car or drive like Ted Bundy.
Unless you get your insurance from AOK Auto Insurance with Orifice is all over Broward County and our brand new Orifice in Miami.
Well don't forget about that great plan they've got it AOK under which you may not even be charged additional premiums for the first five tickets on your license.
But you have to call them or stop by one of their Orifices to see if you qualify.
So pick up that phone right now and dial 411 for Broward information and ask for the AOK Auto Insurance Office near you and for Lauderdale Pompego Margate, David Hollywood, Deerfield, B.J. and the city of choice.
Hallelujah.
And now with their new Miami location just call 411 for day county information for that Orifice.
And as we've been telling you the guys that AOK are going to save you a ton of money too because they can ensure you would state required PIP for a Paltry puny Pusillomones 35.
So callers stop by the nearest AOK Auto Insurance today and get the insurance you need. Walk out with some cash still in your pocket and head over to call her and sit around waiting for tomorrow's first race.
Does it say that on there?
AOK Auto Insurance throughout Broward and now in Miami too so you get over there with your 35 bucks today.
Okay. 907 on Zeta 4 and here's a quick puke at the weather right now.
It's going to get cloudy later after the shower as the thunderstorms are likely again this afternoon.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Did I do the right spot?
Yeah. Yeah.
But you know it's amazing because I'm in a wrong hour and you still did the right spot.
That's incredible. I'm in the 8 o'clock hour.
That was proud of.
Raintchance 60% today with a high near 90 partly cloudy tonight with a little about 75.
76 at Zeta 4, 908.
Keep going. Keep going.
That was good to get in time.
How did I do that? I don't understand how I did that.
You're psychic.
I see what happens is at the beginning of the day I look ahead and I you know what do you call that thing?
A piece of paper.
No, I'm not a piece of paper. The pink marker.
Oh you marked them with your high like. High like. High like. High like.
High like. And so when I look ahead I kind of like program it in my brain.
You do. That amazing.
Eight minutes after nine on your luck out station.
What does this say? Steward is doing an article for David magazine.
And then he wanted enough he could answer some questions.
Steward.
I think the morning.
What is this about?
I just thought with all these super numbers that you're getting on the own and they're going straight up.
I got noticed that we went and we'll end.
That it's about time someone did a positive article on Neil Rogers and your fantastic morning show team.
Well let me just point of view.
A loyal loving listener is opposed to that jealous.
Right.
The end of the fall.
A paranoia.
Yeah.
I was just going to try to tell you that the numbers I've got are the only things that are going straight up.
Just a little joke there Stuart.
Very profound.
Very little.
Is that the would you like to do that actually I did talk to Rose and I got about 90 out my 20 questions where I have nothing to say or no comment.
Really?
Now what kind of questions were these?
Well I can give you one which you might set the tone of the interview.
Neil why are you so peepily honest about your life apart from the radio show?
I'm not.
You always tell them that it's one of your damn business or I have nothing to say.
Well it's not your damn business and I have nothing to say.
Neil Rogers life and that's one of the questions.
Why do you do it?
Why not?
Why do you sort of set yourself up in the glass house?
Why not?
Okay.
There's a lot of glass I have.
That's not what it is.
He has one of the answers to these questions.
He doesn't want all these people they don't want any answers.
What is the problem you like?
Have I always come here and you know what?
How about now?
Is that better?
That is part of it.
I was going to say the closets too crowded already.
Okay there's not room for me in there anymore.
That's nice.
Okay.
Stuart this is on a scale of zero.
Well maybe we should do it off the air.
But I didn't go to give you a real war shock.
I would throw actually get your instant reaction to very quickly.
It's like chronic bill loss, rain ferry, fort rain, fort Lauderdale,
Suncindle, old fort.
F-E-H, F-E-H.
Can you do this off the air?
I mean do the interview.
Anything you want Stuart.
Anything you want because you're putting my audience into a coma Stuart.
Okay.
How do I set this thing up so that I can interview you guys?
Just call Rose after the show.
Call Rose now or something.
I don't know.
Okay.
Oh great morning and again congratulations to enjoy your pick thought.
Okay Stuart have a nice day and do whatever call us on a year again.
It's 11 after 9.
Oh they're good folks over there David Magazine, little on the limperistit side.
Anyway.
What are you laughing about?
Okay they have a good sense of humor that you need.
They're not all clones.
The headline that you...
What's that?
Is that a bulletin that they're little on the limperistit side?
Well most people don't know what David Magazine is.
Correct.
That's correct.
Unless they hang out at the copa or places like that.
And by the way it's not the copa down there on bird road.
Every time I say the copa that poor guy down there listens to get that level closer.
It gets so upset and hysterical because that's as straight as an arrow okay.
The copa on bird road down there by tropical park and everybody in there is as straight as
well not everybody.
But it always has been that way.
What hasn't it?
That one?
No.
I don't know anything about that one.
I don't know what I know about that place.
It's in the copa up in Fort Lauderdale.
God only knows what's going on.
But it is still open.
It last report I think and all those backstreet is closed forever.
I just want to mention that.
Yeah.
It was on the way to the musicians exchange in downtown Fort Lauderdale and it was like Saturday night.
Empty, empty.
Yeah.
Well that's part of the new death and desertion plan in Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
And it fits right in of course with the new project.
That's going to be a geriatric nursing home in the parlor.
So they call it the D&D plan?
And Bingo parlor probably.
A death and desertion.
Desertion.
Desertion?
This D&D plan?
And today of course is Dead Tuesday.
And it's right there.
So on the clock and dead this is a special day for you.
Ron Wood and Woody's presents Dead Tuesday tonight at 9 o'clock.
Free rose to the first 94 women.
Free Ben and Jerry's ice cream and anchor steam beer specials.
And it says here in parentheses that's the beer out of San Francisco.
Hmm.
And if you get it.
If you have a dead t-shirt on you get a dollar admission $4 without.
So I got to put some of this stuff in the rack.
Okay.
I'm going to have to come in early tomorrow morning and do that.
Once in a great while I get inspired and I do that.
Yeah.
I'm like this is a mess.
I know that.
This is a mess.
Well they've jammed a whole bunch of extra stuff over here now.
And it's just still there.
Yes, he cleaned it up just about three weeks ago.
It's a mess.
Yeah, no.
What do you say to three of us like me to Woody's tonight and down a few anchor steam?
Talk about old times.
This man out of his mind.
Yeah, we'll see you there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait for us.
Yeah, wait.
We might be a little bit late, but you hang out there and wait no matter how long it takes.
13 patch 9 on Zeta 4 6 to 0 3600 and date 777 9 3600 and brown.
And the Tom jicke said something about an island.
What did he say?
Oh, the shows an island.
Shows an island.
Yeah.
Yeah, people seek it out.
And I guess if you're looking here, that would certainly be the indication.
And I'll be honest with you.
I'm going to lay it right out on the line like the like Stuart said, painfully honest.
I don't know why there are more people listening the rest of the day.
The music is pretty damn good.
I mean, yeah, so there are some cuts that I don't like or you don't like, but that's subjective.
I mean, you know, we don't program the station to one person, but there's a lot of great music.
And especially when you compare it to the crap that's being played on most of the stations in town.
I don't understand these numbers.
I really don't.
Um, I wonder if people didn't sample the station back when we first came over here.
And they were playing a lot of obscure music.
It's not that way anymore.
You know, like maybe it was an amp only.
You just don't listen to the music the rest of the day.
Yeah, they heard it then.
They heard records they didn't know.
So they never came back.
And I think they're trying more now to play familiar music.
At least it sounds like.
See what I'm saying?
You should sample it again.
People should try it again.
I did.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Well, they better, you know, they better do that.
We're going to go find out where they live and beat them over the head with a wet noodle or something.
Oh.
Oh, what?
There was someone on this.
A noodle.
You said noodle.
And that's something in his brain.
Oh, did it?
Yeah, you know, whatever I say, noodle.
It'll be so nice not to have to reach way up here anymore when they redo this room again, you know?
It's a good time.
Noodle.
For the great taste.
Who could this be?
Neil, this is noodles.
It might be you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
I was like a year ago.
I was like that breathless sound.
That noodle.
That kind of phony of the, oh, I've got an incredible story about him, by the way.
Noodles?
About a TV ad that they did.
Oh, you're refused to do that.
Oh, yeah, I've heard that story.
Can we tell that on the air?
Oh, yeah.
It's not even worth it.
It's too long of a story.
But the bottom line is he refused to do this routine with you now because he was going to get his hair wet.
That's correct.
All the sharp feels to do it.
Yeah.
And just got into a big snit and screaming match and they had the general manager on the phone with him.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
That sounds to me like he just being the second banana and not making as much money.
It does would kind of like turn you apoplectic, I guess.
Why is that?
The guy used to be, what did he used to do?
He used to program the cards for Ricky Tiki.
That's correct.
Of course you did too.
But that's another story.
No, I didn't program you.
I'm just joking.
Okay.
It's just a little joke.
Coming to town on the 30th of this month.
Hey, the roof is leaking and the rain's falling on my head.
The on.
Don't play the whole thing.
Why not?
The roof is leaking and the rain's falling.
What a record, huh?
What a group.
Crying shames.
It could be word love.
Tell you how sharp guns are this morning.
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I was like, what's going on?
I had the other stuff over here.
And when you tasted the one with the sun-wrapping tomatoes, your eyeballs were rolling around like
a pinball machine.
Oh.
And they haven't stopped since.
Am I right?
Mm-hmm.
You loved it.
Mm-hmm.
You kind of try new things.
She.
Really?
That's what we've been telling our program director.
Mm.
There's bacon or something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, listen, what was it?
Stop.
You must have the pineapple.
I'm telling you.
Okay.
I'm going to do it.
I'm not really fighting you on this.
Okay.
All right.
Believe me.
You'll thank me.
You'll write me in your will for recommending that to you.
Trust me.
Okay.
All right.
There he goes.
Oh, that's the old one now.
You're still messing around with that point.
I can't finish this.
All right.
I allowed to finish.
Well, you can finish.
I guess finish that and have a little sherbet or something and cleanse your palate.
Okay.
That's a problem.
I'm just seeing that.
Mm-hmm.
You've just seen the face of God.
The progress of American dialogue the past 20 years is Jerry Rubin is chanting from 18
years ago about revolution and all.
And in the other room, you guys are arguing about what slice of peasy.
And I think it's like a perfect.
At least we haven't sold out like Jerry Rubin.
Okay.
We haven't become an establishment lucky like he is.
Oh, I know.
What a douchebag he is.
I think that says something about the time.
I have something I've been saving all morning that's going to shock you beyond your wildest
dreams.
Socky.
It is a clipping from the star July 19, 1988.
And it says, look alike, Johnny Depp and Debbie Osmond.
Is it darling Debbie or Depp in drag?
Wow.
Now, this is shocking.
And the letter, this is the letter of the editor.
It says, when I saw Johnny Depp dressed as a woman, I was shocked.
He looks like Donnie Osmond's wife, Debbie.
B.J. in Baltimore writes.
Okay.
The editor writes back, we thought he looked like Victoria Principal.
And this is Johnny Depp in drag on the left.
You're going to just, you're going to go nuts.
Wow.
Wow.
With a wig on.
Oh my god.
On the left.
Yeah.
Wow.
So anyway, that Johnny continues to just dazzle us.
You know, we've got a letter of the other day that he had been married for a while and nobody
knew about it.
And just all kinds of stuff going on.
930 on Zeta 4.
Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing?
Oh, good.
I wanted to ask you something about the snorbord.
About the one?
The snorbord.
The snorbord?
The snorbord.
Oh, the snorbord.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
If I only hear my favorite team scores, the safest thing that they did not play.
I would think so.
Which team were we talking about?
Cincinnati.
Didn't play.
Oh, okay.
And also, I wanted to do that.
Wait a minute, sir.
Let me just tell you.
Yesterday was Monday.
Yes.
And a lot of teams have the day off on Monday.
I know that comes as a great shock, but very often there's like a limited schedule on Monday.
Oh.
Okay.
Okay.
I was turning my radio dial the other day.
To what?
Well, it.
Well, so happened to land on the leaf.
Fowler show.
Ah.
And you were talking about originality earlier.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh.
What was he saying?
Mungrain?
No, he was explaining about how if you looked up a word in a dictionary, you probably see a certain person face.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
So I thought you'd be interested in hearing that.
Well, you're an official Zeta Spina.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
Drug it, paid.
We'll be sending you your thing in the mail, okay?
Oh, okay.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Have a good day.
I'm 31 and Zeta.
What's that?
Yeah.
That's a dictionary joke.
That's something you originated.
Yeah, that's the one.
I'd say originated, but in terms of punctualness in this area, I'm the only one that says that, okay?
Mm-hmm.
So don't let Lee off the hook, because we've been getting spy reports on him ripping off material for weeks now, okay?
Mm-hmm.
That's true.
And isn't it interesting now?
He totally shines us now.
We don't hear from him anymore.
Now that he's a big superstar in West Palm Beach.
Hmm?
I bet he still listens.
Now listen, if you think that one is good, are you enjoying the pineapple?
It's very good.
Yes, it is.
Very tasty.
If you think that one is good, wait till your next piece with a sun ripen tomatoes.
Oh, I didn't know I had that.
Oh.
Looked forward to.
Oh.
Pineapple is delicious on this, though.
It's very...
It really is.
It's surprising.
I don't think I've ever had it on pizza.
So when I go back to Waikiki here in a couple of weeks, two and a half weeks.
You realize it's only two and a half weeks?
Now you're going to be on vacation next week.
That's correct.
And where are you going?
Away.
Yeah, I'd rather not say.
Oh, that's okay.
A few places.
I think a few places.
But you're going away.
Yes, I am.
That's good because we all need a change of scenery, you know?
Yeah.
Friday.
You can't live in a tropical jungle forever.
You have to break your way on through the...
I do.
Through all the heavy undergrowth and underbrush.
No.
And underarms.
I'll do that.
So you're going away for...
And what are we doing here?
Does anybody know?
I think you guys are going to be broadcasting out of the other studio.
We're going to be in there.
I think so.
And then the week after that, you'll be back.
Mm-hmm.
And then the week after that, I'll be gone.
There you go.
Yeah, I'll be back August 8th.
I think it is.
Yeah, and then the 11th is my last show.
I'm going away for another 10 days.
So you'll be here just...
And they do have on Kalakua Avenue, the main dragon Waikiki.
They do have a great pizza place where they have all kinds of toppings,
including the pineapple pizza.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
It sounds... well, it sounded grotesque to me before, but now that I've tasted it for the first time, it is... it's tremendous.
It is beyond description.
And again, my thanks to Red, who's a super guy at the pizza hut over on 186th is in 183rd,
wherever they are up here in Northein.
Mm-hmm.
All we got to do is even whisper it, and they come rushing over here.
And they cook these special because you realize to be cooking pizzas at 8.30am, at 9.00am.
Obviously, they're not even thinking about being open yet.
They open at 11am.
And they do this just for us, and we're very grateful, and we can't say enough great things about them.
Okay? In fact, some things get better the more you do them.
You know what I'm saying?
And I've been working at that for years, but it just doesn't work out.
So why stop when you've got a great thing going?
I'm talking about the phenomenal sale of Florida's leading mobile phone company, ABC Cellular.
Well, unbelievable.
Hitachi portable phone.
And you get the top of the line.
And AC car phone absolutely free along with it.
And the response has been so great that ABC is going to do it for you again this week,
and there's more.
They will give you four hours.
That's right.
A total of 240 minutes of free air time on cellular one with this deal.
And when you finance with ABCs, low-easy monthly payments, you don't have to pay a penny until next year.
So that's got to be the best deal ever on the best pair of mobile phones anywhere.
You pick up your phone and call ABC Cellular right now.
And they call 621-6000.
That's 621-6000 in Broward call 772-4222.
That's 772-42...
You don't need a course to teach them that.
And that's really simple.
That's what kids need to know.
Guns are dangerous.
Don't touch them.
Because with a kid, you know, you start teaching them how they work in this and all of a sudden you get...
It's said very well and this automatically peaks their curiosity.
But they are the ones whose business is stimulated the more people are interested in guns.
That's how I feel about it.
How do you feel about it?
Boyn Beach, you're on WIOG.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Steve.
I just want to say that I mean, you ever thought of this law.
I mean, it's absolutely horrendous.
You're absolutely right.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Yeah, it's disgusting.
But again, something not out of character with the NRA.
Definitely not.
You know?
I mean, anybody who wants to teach, you know, six and seven-year-old kids, you know, I mean, I know when I was little, I used to go over my friends house and thought it was a deputy and the first thing I do was just stare at that gun case, you know.
And I know when I was young, I own a gun now.
And I'm 22 because I know, you know, what can happen when you have a gun.
Well, they're very dangerous and anybody that has kids in the house should either not have a gun in the house or have it hidden so far away that a kid could never get to it and she'd keep it unloaded.
Kids don't need to know that guns.
They really don't.
Why might keep shorting on and off?
Is that you don't know why?
It did it twice.
All right.
Anyway, it's probably the NRA fiddling with our lines here or something like that.
But anyway, it's good to have you support.
And I'm hoping that a lot of people who are opposed to this will speak out and not permit this to become part of our school curriculum.
I mean, our kids have a tough enough time learning, reading, writing, and arithmetic, which are the things they're there in school for.
What is this man doing? You have any idea?
I'm doing 16 things at one time.
Sorry.
16 at least.
Well, why don't you try just 14?
Why don't you try one?
I'm trying.
Boy, this man is just out of his mind.
I think it's that you know what happens when you eat a lot of sugar in a very short period of time?
You feel like you're vibrating.
Exactly.
Don't terrible today.
It's an enormous piece of chocolate mousse cake that he ate.
There was so much sugar concentrated in there that it like affected his brain.
Do you feel like a hypoglycemic whatever?
Do you feel like you're vibrating?
Speaking of vibrating, here he comes ladies and gentlemen, what are the Americas?
He's in suspended animation today.
Rose Folder just came wheeling in very slowly.
I mean, never so slowly.
He's watching for those dogs.
Just barely moving.
But anyway, he wants to fit in with the town.
And I think he's finally took him a little while, but he finally figured out what it's all about.
Nine minutes past nine on Zeta 4, and we have Jay America standing by in line 5.
Jay.
How you doing?
All right, how you doing?
Great.
Boy, I tell you, your stuff is getting so good that it's frightening.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for playing on that mall.
I mean, it's like, I don't believe you play something like that.
We don't either.
Appreciate it very much.
I just don't know.
I'm not going to bother doing it.
Great.
Well, it's tremendous.
I don't know why you're wasting your time with this.
You guys are doing good.
Give me a good time every morning.
And if I can return at least a minute of it, that's enough for me.
Well, that's enough for us.
Appreciate it.
Yes, Jay.
I just feel like I'd give you a buzzer.
I'm going to have to call because I'm on a road all day.
I know.
We very rarely hear from you.
But we have to.
We have to talk about that most of the time just driving around.
And we do want to thank you for the bagels too, even the ones who give me a headache.
I get them right down the road from you, too.
It's a bagel time restaurant.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the rest of us like him, Jay.
No, I like him, too, just that I can't eat him, but I love him.
Well, I'll see if I can get a riotetic bagel for you.
Yeah.
Or some chocolate mousse cake would be good.
Would be a hunk of chocolate.
Yeah, something like that would be great.
You know, not too big, just for four or five folks.
Well, listen, thanks a million, Jay, and keep up the great work.
Thank you, buddy.
See you later.
It's 10 past nine on Zeta 4.
Now, is he okay in there now?
He's just wandering around like a lost child today, isn't he?
I'm all thrilled because this might even require organ music.
But then, you know, maybe not.
Well, I know I didn't put that away.
So the number of carts is diminished dramatically tremendously.
Look at that.
Oh, my God.
What an improvement over yesterday.
See, it helps when you don't have 85 stacks of carts all over the place.
We just reached take number two of all the morning show promos and beans.
What does that mean?
What do we have yesterday's promo?
Is that in a rack somewhere?
I wonder we were playing yesterday, which is an old one, but was really worth playing again.
Three months ago, yeah.
There he is.
He didn't wear his suspenders today.
I thought I must be losing my eyesight.
I thought I saw his suspended rows in the rows mobile.
Have you got it?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, but he's not going to play it.
He's got it.
You know, I'll kind of faddle it for a little while.
I just went big, boy.
What's that?
I wanted to tell you what happened to me over the weekend.
Why I had a picnic?
I'll be here with all my friends.
You know what happened?
I'm afraid to ask.
I was so cool.
Mm-hmm.
And my friends all looked at me and they started yelling.
You're framing, you're framing.
I said, I'm not too big, 60.
I was so thrilled.
You wouldn't believe I was in the cold.
So I started yelling, I'm framing, I'm framing.
Oh, God.
That's a news bulletin, right?
That was good.
Providence after 9.
See, he's like hard to predict.
Some days we have to dump him and he disappears immediately.
And other days he's great.
And he's not chronic though.
He calls about once every two, three weeks, unlike some of those other people.
Okay, like dockin.
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale because that's always where our best calls come from.
What's up, Neil?
Not too much, pal.
What's going on?
Not much.
A bunch of guys is working on T-shirt shopping for Lauderdale Vision.
We try to reach you for a few morning, man.
Yes.
Yeah, because we just have to see you each morning and you got a good show, man.
Okay, thanks a lot.
When you see Arnold, thank him for that pony accent.
Yes, okay.
What a maniac.
9.
13 on Zeta 4.
6.
2.
0.
3600 and dead.
You notice when he first called, he didn't have the accent.
That's the amazing part.
In other words, he acquired it during the call.
Okay, so it's a very dangerous thing that you better watch out for.
This has been a group of some of the most incredible calls.
In the history of broadcasting, yeah.
One right after another.
But even the worst of these calls compared to that thing that I heard yesterday, he couldn't hear it because he was on the ear here.
You're lucky.
You're like me, you're lucky.
Oh, I mean, there is no way in your wildest nightmares that you can imagine how bad and how embarrassing that was.
Oh, just giving new meaning to the word desperate.
What are you guys talking about?
Mr. Ego, show you yesterday.
You know, your buddy that used to work with?
I love those stories.
He tells, by the way, when he used to work with the street, you know, those are great.
Well, I don't really have a whole lot of stories about Steve.
But they're great.
And see each other too much.
Well, I want you lucky.
He speaks very highly of you, Captain Dan.
Yeah, he was, he was alright.
You know, we got along well, you know.
We did.
I never listened to a show because I was too busy in the other room.
Yeah.
Like most of the audience.
Kind of like this one.
I never listened to a show because I'm too busy in this room.
914 on say to four and we have another mobile car in Dave County.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You don't have a red corvee?
Oh, no.
Oh, not.
I'm here to guy Yenta in a car.
I've been doing this new pizza store up in Cooper City.
Yeah.
And for the last two months and I've seen this red corvee go around 1030 down Palm Avenue.
And I thought it was you.
It is.
It is you.
And I was going to be opening this new chain about next two weeks.
And I don't even know where you guys radio station is.
It's any any pizza.
Well, that's good.
I'll pick it up on a way home.
I said, no one is raising center is the what?
No one that raises the Dreson Center.
Yeah, it's sterling and 100th Avenue.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
The new pizza chain in there called Hall Star.
Hall Star pizza.
Right.
Pizza subs in beer.
Uh huh.
We're going to get a chance to stop by and have some.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm going to get the free plug when he opening in two weeks.
Okay, I'll stop by.
Okay.
I'll open up the truck.
Okay.
No problem.
See you later.
That was an all about other than he was looking for an ice cream.
That was it.
That was the extent of it.
Well, they're just an awful lot of people out there.
Uh huh.
You know, wouldn't you think people would be busy?
Let's do the show from the gate and we'll just describe all the cars that we see go by.
Oh, that'd be neat.
When the weather gets nice.
Or up on the corner.
How would that be?
Up on the corner.
Up on the corner.
Yeah.
People with little beer bottles.
That would be great.
That would be great.
I'm going to get to describe some of the garbage that they're throwing in the canal.
Oh, yeah.
Some of the fish that they're pouring out of there that look like something from the prehistoric age.
Oh, you know that road.
We call it dead dog alley.
Dead man dog road.
People always toss their trash there.
Right.
Some idiot.
I was on my way home.
He just like pulled over on the side of the road and dumped this whole thing a lumber in the middle of the road.
Yeah.
And split.
Well, exactly.
In fact, we're going to be giving these exact locations that for people who are frustrated about where to dump their garbage.
In line with our show yesterday.
So tune in the bar.
We'll be giving you.
It's just a joke.
Okay.
It's just a joke.
He was like so far out of it today.
So I had too much show.
Yeah.
Look at what he did with that plate.
It looks like he licked the plate.
Boy, we should have had Johnny dark here.
At least he would have eaten half of it anyway.
We would have had a probably a fist fight, but I would have gone side of it away.
It would have been exciting.
Well, he's bigger than he is, especially in the public.
916, we have a quintessence call here.
I mentioned that earlier and somebody's going to tell us whether they're still around.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know, because of all this weather, you know, got cut off of the work work and construction.
So I was heading up U of Swan and cheering off.
There's a quintessence right down there.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yeah, you'll be damned.
It's been there a long time, you know?
Yeah, apparently.
And supposedly really good, but I've never ever eaten there, which is astonishing, but they've just never gotten around to it.
Of course, the fact that it's...
I was your hold here.
You know, it's like listening on the bar.
I beg your pardon, sir.
You live my hold.
Yeah, you know, that's what...
Well...
You have to turn down the radio or else we'll start getting dizzy.
You know, I got a sound coming from one ear and then two seconds later coming from the other.
Good, now you can feel just like Captain Dave.
How's that?
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Okay, 917, I'm 0 to 4.
These calls today, man.
This is what life is all about.
This is what life in Florida is all about.
And that's why there's so many of us try to get the hell out.
Is this guy bringing pizza?
No.
Not for us.
It's huge.
No, it's probably for Jay Michaels, okay?
One of those leather cases?
No, he doesn't.
Not today.
No, he does not.
No, wait a second.
Does he?
Or are you just making this up?
You know, it might be a nice little snack after that.
Oh, God.
This man, after that 42-pound piece of chocolate mousse cake that he ate with that enormous...
Oh, my God.
That piece of chocolate on top that round, there was his biggest mouth rush mail, okay?
And he just inhaled it.
Well, as long as you burn it off, it's okay.
I hear the door opening now, okay?
Did the guy come into building?
That's a gym life room.
Oh.
What a big disappointment then, is he?
These engineers are so sensitive, you know?
No, they used to.
Just because their brain did.
Anyway, it's 918, I was in a poor...
I'll never forget when he first started working here.
And we had a few problems back then, yeah.
You were chewing him out on the air and he was in here and his face was beat red and he looked at me.
No, he likes it.
Is this serious?
Don't worry about it.
Now he's used to it.
Now he understands our sense of humor.
Yeah, you're right.
No, you're right.
And he gives like the high sign and says, your number one is new.
Yeah, now he is used to it.
He likes it.
Anyway, it's 18 after 9 and you'll notice by the way, I just mentioned in passing what a great job we did a clearing this thing.
So we didn't go throwing all our stuff away later.
And filling up the racks and I think we did a...
I did a Yovin job.
Yes, a Yovin job.
Perfect description.
Do you think that Yovin and Yovin are kind of related?
Mm-hmm.
No, you sure of that?
No.
Are you sure that I'm not right?
Ha ha ha ha.
I get it when they could beat, now that you mention it.
Okay, that's your intro.
It's 919, I'm sorry.
Oh, close to the...
Close to windows, okay, let me leave it.
Ha ha ha.
Put them in, kind of like, feel like padded cell.
You know, give them the feeling of one before we have them committed to it.
Ha ha ha.
So then you'll feel right at home.
Ha ha ha.
So anyway, it's 920 on Zeta 4.
I was...
And Jai and Tiresdoor, Pompato and Margate.
924 WZT and my VV.
Anyway, tomorrow morning, Fat Rich brings in the fruit or narrowly brings in those big bowls of fruit.
And I was thinking, you know, they're great, it's delicious and we're very grateful.
But last night at my mother's house, after listening to that excruciating grotesque two hours,
she had cantaloupe for dessert, okay, which she has often, you know.
And it was so good.
And I was thinking maybe instead of having that bowl with all that different, I don't know,
I'm not really sure what some of that stuff is in there, but like,
cantaloupe and watermelon sounds good to me.
Okay.
Because watermelon has, is all water, there's virtually no calories.
And if it's good watermelon, it's delicious, you know, sweet and juicy.
And of course they take out the pits first.
I just...
When it'll be great to have seedless watermelon, do they...
I think there's a new, a new kind.
I think there is.
I'm sure they're working on it because we have seedless oranges and seedless grapes.
I think I saw it on CNN and seedless general managers.
What's the deal though? I eat them, you know.
It's like it's good fiber.
You just chew them up.
I don't eat those seeds.
You know they have sunflower seeds in a bag and watermelon seeds in a bag.
Why can't you just chew them up and not have to worry about it?
You don't have to worry about spitting them.
That's what I do.
You know?
Call me crazy.
Yeah. Please.
Now that watermelon flavored gum that they have, now do you eat the seeds in that?
Cap day?
Remember when you see a pregnant lady, they always used to say,
what'd you do, swallow watermelon?
I can appreciate people that like to eat good things, quality food for better health.
But when he was mixing herbal juice earlier, I thought it was one of the most
disgusting.
26 past night on Zeta 4 we have a long distance call from West Palm Beach.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I just have to tell you last year I was living in Brooklyn.
Oh my God.
And I listened to 92 K-Rock Howard Stern.
Howard Stern.
And he is the absolute biggest dish that I ever met because he's just not as funny as you.
He makes notes with it all.
All he got is about three or four words that he says every day about a hundred times.
Did you know that he was in New York now?
Last time I heard you talk about him was quite a while ago.
Yeah.
All right.
So yes, this is long distance and I know you hate West Palm and Jude.
No, I don't.
We love Palm Beach County.
We love the people we just hate the town.
Why though?
No, I just didn't.
I was just going to raise in Miami.
I lived on Kendall Drive till I was 18 years old.
Yeah.
And I moved up here in a more relaxed, you know.
More great.
Yeah, but the people up there are so relaxed that most of them are like in a mortuary.
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Lay down.
You know, I'm like, I don't have to drive down 95.
Yeah.
Oh, no, there's something to be said for living in a ghost town.
I agree with you.
Yeah.
Well, it's not a ghost town.
I mean, I work in a ghost town.
I work in Jupiter.
Oh, yeah.
I work in this great restaurant in Jupiter.
But I live in West Palm and it's pretty, you know, there's light here.
What restaurant is it?
Do you want to tell us?
Charlie's crab.
Charlie's crab.
Yeah.
Very popular.
We have restaurants in Detroit.
Is that like singular?
Like there's just one?
No, there's a lot of them.
Oh, okay.
As a matter of fact, we just open a new one in Fort Lauderdale right next to Shooters.
Wow.
Wow.
Well, see this turn.
Oh, look at his hand.
I'm not sure when I'm driving.
And I'm not sure if it's rough.
I don't like that question.
Yeah.
Great restaurant.
What did she say?
Well, you could.
I wonder what happened to her.
But she did say the word.
Oh, did she?
Well, I didn't hear what you said.
She said stuff.
That's okay.
You said, like that stuff in close.
I wasn't really sure.
But I think I talked over.
You did.
You spoke over.
But you're right.
Okay, listen, have a great day.
It's nice hearing for you.
Okay.
I want to know what happened to your mama that used to play before.
Your mama.
It's coming up behind the news in 20 minutes.
I'm sorry.
It's coming up again in the next newscast.
All right.
And Glenn, you have a great laugh.
I just have to tell you that.
Thanks a lot.
And how come you don't move down to Fort Lauderdale and work at the new restaurant?
Well, because I'm working in Jupiter and I don't know.
Because there's no room for transfer there.
I'm managing this new place.
We actually just opened four months ago.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
We'll transfer down.
Think about it.
We'll talk to you about it.
Have a great day.
All right, you guys are great.
Okay, so she's been listening to Howard too long.
That's what happened.
I know.
Oh, this is a mono card.
Here we go.
Now, if you listen to this guy's voice and you listen to that tape of when he calls it.
Oh, yeah.
It's exactly the same thing.
Are these jingles mono, by the way?
Who's that?
I know.
We got it.
Who's got the spirit?
We got the spirit.
W-A-B-C-E-A.
Even though it was an AM station, that risked Lara, boy.
The jingles are in stereo.
Hold me the tickets are down in Florida.
Yeah.
A couple of months ago.
And uh, they have this guy, Neil Rogers.
Hello, radio.
Yeah.
It's really bad melting you.
It's on your, uh, the bike, uh, twisted system and all that.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, they're not, I said, what, you know, we're, this is guy in Florida, who's like, is it's entirely ripped off my whole show?
Yeah.
And has got out of the air and he placed tapes of the show and talks about it.
Yeah, my cousin tells me about it.
This is in Florida.
Where in Florida?
He doesn't, at least he blatantly does a rip me off.
He at least goes on the air and says, I'm ripping the guy off.
Uh-huh.
And in Miami.
And, we're over there.
It seems to spend a bunch of time talking about my hair and this, and it's like, how do people in Miami know about me?
Yeah.
Well, they do know.
It's a nice name.
Neil Rogers, right?
Yeah, Neil Rogers.
And you call him, Defendant Howard?
I said, let's not say that.
Yeah, Rudy used to be a pretty interesting looking guy, but now he's like, um, kind of a shadow of his, and he always kind of looks to one side.
Uh-huh.
No, seriously, he always, cause the, uh, let's see, the right side of his face is not, is okay.
Uh-huh.
When they catch him from the other side, boy, it's like, uh, David Johnson and drag.
Well, I'm glad to hear you out of the, uh, another gig.
What is, what is all of that?
Oh, okay.
He is just full of it today, isn't he?
And he called me, uh, yesterday to let me know that I left my chicken soup in his office, and that was very nice of him.
Is it still there?
Oh, no, I, what was the reason that he called?
What?
Oh, yeah, it's a shame that I'm not going to have time to hang around and talk to him today, but, um, what?
Oh, tomorrow, yeah, let's see, tomorrow's what, Thursday?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah, we get all that food on Thursday.
I'll probably be taking out the shelves after the show.
So, now, we'll get to him.
That's all right.
He's just a little over-enthusiastic, emotional, you know?
So anyway, it's 936.
What, that's a guy called yesterday from David Magazine who wants to do this.
Which is fine.
Although David just did a thing a couple of months ago, but that's all right, cause since they, what?
Yeah, I bet.
Mm-hmm.
Not the right ones.
Anyway, if, uh, you don't know it by now, I'm sure that, uh, wow, you all know, I don't have to tell you,
unless you're an absolute douchebag, what a pain it is and how expensive it can be to get car insurance.
We'll be alone.
Yeah.
No, it is.
It's some, uh, soup from that favorite place of his and he puts them in there and it was great.
How did you know?
Yeah.
It is pretty tasty.
Now that you mentioned it, I had some last Monday.
Anyway, uh, we want to thank Michael very much and he came by and he mentioned the dogs for collars and J. Michael's vet.
Uh, is going to come by and give him all the shots.
Oh, I thought you were going to say, you gave Michael's a shot too.
I thought you were going to say, you measured J. Michael's for collars.
For collars and you, while he was here.
Now he's a little late for that, but now we're going to be nice, right?
Because we all love each other here and this is one big happy family.
And we all embrace and do a little horror in the parking lot before the day begins each morning and that's the way to ought to be, right?
You'll see the dogs.
I was thinking this one I left here yesterday.
The dogs are exactly what this place needs.
You know what I'm saying?
You know, they had a little morale and happiness as opposed to the usual desperation and depression and morbidity that goes on in a hallway and everybody,
I wonder what he meant by that.
You know, that kind of stuff.
The dogs, you know, had a little frivolity and they had the kind of feeling, you know, that we need around this place.
They're perfect.
Well, you mean to balance out the morbidity?
Exactly.
Now who's that that just came out?
Was that the decoymobile or is that doesn't look like it?
That's another one.
The point, point man.
Point man, Jr.
We wanted to mention that there may be a second.
There may be a second Elton Jean show added.
Oh, really?
So detail.
Well, actually, we're getting all these wild stories.
Yesterday, the guy called and said that only half the tickets were sold and then later on, I heard that that was a lot of baloney and they've all been sold out within like 14 seconds.
Yeah.
And it's pretty hard to believe that they weren't also real, real fast, you know, at any price.
I know.
Because I'd pay thousands, you know, and hopefully we'll have some freebies.
It's 18 to 10, 942.
We will have some, aren't we?
He hopes so.
We got a Mr. enthusiast, we hope so.
We got a call from Luxembourg here on the one hand.
No, no, we don't.
Are you cereal?
You still there?
Look at this.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
let's go.
will start?
You can say that.
Yes.
I can say that.
Well it uses 24 hours you said
you like birdies.
Great.
We turned around.
we turned around.
We turned around.
Where is this ?
Is this , what happens to that?
Well it is called an early-
It is called an early-
Covid actually.
out of here wait a minute we're having a little fist fight with our program
director who's taking our dessert away what a lunatic he can't pick and
choose what I'm going to eat bring it back in here okay there's something
that look great okay excuse me for interrupting Nick but I'm famous for that
yeah sure do yeah it's kind of like the hunchback of no tradum yeah and you
listen we just had stories about dog food with eyeballs and some very
appetizing stuff so at this point there's not much you can do to us now Nick oh
yeah yeah I can relate to that yes I do the wax museum yeah they just put
in a model of Michael Jackson because it takes so long to make the model if
eight is two years out of date it's a vintage 86 space it doesn't like it
doesn't that's all right they can like take the pieces off and paste it back
together again that's what he does with his yeah that's it yeah that's it we love
that stuff and that see that's what we're always following you folks and that's
what America's become now Nick that's so what all the newscaster about is a
green monsters and slaves and wild queens and stuff like that that's where it's
in one yeah you ought to send us that isn't anything but they just saying you know
if we just put Charlie stories and then nobody will really worry about the war
the Middle East and everything is okay really folks that's correct and nobody
cares about those serious things anyway so that's why there's so a lot of
papers maybe you could send us one of those we would love to have it we like this
I'll send you the words to the punch yeah that would be great I see those
sometimes you know I'm the guy who does the dyslexic news here I don't
remember that you're never gonna forgive me for that right it's not forgive it's
just I'm never gonna forgive well he was just shocked at your perspicance exactly
yeah no you don't have to be sorry well we liked it if you want to know the truth
we thought it was a funny line okay well listen Nick it's great hearing from
me we don't want you to rob some gigantic bill over there because you're
probably doing it on somebody else's okay well listen say hi to the queen
for us tell her what I'm finished okay see you later he's there's no
option burg yeah he really is not listen he just brought that box in here and he
better bring it back okay I'm not joking about his stuff it's not his stuff to
play around with somebody brings you know he's like directing our lives okay
all of a sudden he's so intensive he's writing around like protecting me it's
okay when the sponsor's come in here and fill my gut with 50 pounds of food but
you know somebody else from outside bring stuff in a right away he's like
protecting you see get the food back in here bulger now you know tomorrow we're
signing off at nine forty okay you know if you eat any of that you're gonna be
vibrating that's you it's about time
like I'm leading the top up and kind of tan lives in these shows and so then he
runs out of the room what a mickhead what a mickhead what did you think I said
like Mick Jacker yeah oh there's there goes the bad phone in there I'm gonna go
get it myself I'm serious I'm gonna have a fist fight with him in that office
how was that this is like being at the Ronald E Reagan house John would you go in
and get that box of a sweet forest please the one that he had it probably sitting
in his office there we'll even let you have one John because you're fading away
into oblivion he's like a string being you know oh oh god he's laid these
put us well I got news for if it isn't in here in the next minute I'm gonna be
out sick tomorrow out Friday let's say 55 50 for I'm not joking either I don't
take kindly to people messing with my goods you know what I mean no I'm not
at 10 o'clock right now he's gonna do the news I can eat very quietly I can have
you know just a little of this and a little of that I'll get it at 10 o'clock I'm
telling you he's like he has all of a sudden become the food maven tuna you
notice he didn't do too well with the music so now he's moving on to other you
know endeavors like food oh god what a mania go eat some of that max out there
with a crowd will you please find something important to do keep your eye on the
food yeah keep your eye on the dog food will you please no they're eating it up
out there actually Sammy Davis was taking a tour of the Alpo factory and
somebody said keep your eye on the dog food yeah well the dog treating very well
disgusting you know let's grow test they're eating as well as we did are they
really oh yeah well at least they get to eat their food what about Sandy Duncan
no no no no no no no no no I didn't know Sandy Duncan had a glass eye I think she does
and am Peter fuck well we know that yeah sometimes Peter leaves it in that
pocket of that coat that's why always wears the same code because he doesn't
want to leave his anyway it's 10 till 10 now it's true that's a true story
they always wears that one either that or he's a flasher one or the other well
you bring that box in here please let me exercise this little bit of no
no he's gonna have a memo tomorrow the likes of which he's never seen okay like
keep your hands off our grub okay the food director ladies and gentlemen
well he saw the memo yeah we only have a memo here that's got 400 restaurants
that are coming in in the next two weeks but he's breaking so concerned that
boy look at this he's got food coming in from restaurants that haven't even
opened yet this is gonna stroll down the aisle playboy publisher Hugh
Hefner has proposed to his new girlfriend Kimberly Conrad that's Miss
January 1988 and the spokesman said Hefner popped the question Saturday night
over the wishing well at the playboy mansion near Beverly Hills he took up
Conrad shortly after he split up with longtime companion and eventual
Palomone opponent Kerry Lee Miami Civil Service Board reacting yesterday to the
controversy okay so police sergeant Andy Clute they have asked police chief
Perry Anderson to put in writing a policy outlining the department's disciplinary
guys look at this he's eating one of our things right in front of us in the
middle of your news let's ship him right here we're talking about this critical
story that's just incredible story you know they even did a TV show on it yeah
Clute this is Andy Clute is the police sergeant who was caught who was found
used you know they had the drug test and okay spit it out don't let him intimidate
you with that food now okay well anyway the department says they're gonna be
firm now if you test positive for drug use you are gonna be terminated they're
saying no concession will be made that's all it is and also Dave County is
it started installing new signs to reflect a cut-ins and they all say this is
to reflect a cut-ins school speed zone hours now the five and a half hour a day
speed zones are being reduced to reflect state law to what well it's gonna
depend on each school it's not gonna be the uniform on that used to be seven
and nine thirty a.m. one thirty to four thirty all ridiculous in a
nomination this is gonna be replaced with schedules tailored to the individual
schools and last week workers began to put up the new science hope far forty
schools have been given the shorter time spans all right we do have scattered
mainly afternoon thunderstorms predicted again today rain chance got only
knows what will accomplish in this town if we live long enough you know what we
might even synchronize a couple of the traffic signal well it's not good not
all right look at this slab over here just eating our food you know not only is
he hanging on to our food but he's doling it out too since when do we give our
food to this little me over here right German yeah exactly some stuff that we
can't even stand then maybe just maybe like the one with the hollivalized week
that was great chance of rain today fifty percent higher around 90 tonight
about seventy six it's about eighty three on say to four and we're getting
close to nine fifty three okay
that's to be continued tomorrow wow who would have ever dreamed I know we'll
have to find ed's old take two and see if we can I would love that I would
you that would go for big we can 80 share with that damn thing oh boy the
stuff just keeps on coming man hours program director Neil right now let's go
ahead and open it here on here it's a big box and I have a feeling I know
it's inside of it too I think something more exciting than that okay so what
have you got over there before the show ends it's three minutes till 10 well
there's that knife we had yesterday that disappear yeah it disappeared I get
oh you got it he's so butch that he can handle anything okay well you want to
like a little something maybe like a piece you why don't you just let me look at
it and I'll pick out what I want okay instead of having all these the nervous
nellies now oh that looks you know I know what I want right now I can see it
don't worry that one right there yeah okay what is that what are they oh I
don't like those anyway but thanks very much they're for you they're not from us
they're for you or whatever yeah this looks good I think now what's that one
right in front of you with a pineapple I'll taste this first and see how it is
I'll do like Captain Dave hmm little of everything oh is it I thought this is
for me is this cheesecake I don't know what do you think this looks like what is
that I don't know it's like a giant mushroom maybe I should give this to
Captain Dave it looks like an angel food mushroom okay this is a little this is
too heavy yeah it's what a well let me just take a look at why don't you give me
the box okay he gave it to me well screw him okay yes well I'm trying to you have
all the rest let me just pick out one thing I don't want it let me just find
one thing that I like like this what is this stuff with a cherry on top that's
that you have all the rest I don't want it eat them all up right now come on and
tell me what that is with the cherry on top because that does look intriguing it
does it looks very interesting let me dig into it what is it cheesecake no no what
is it it's got mung in it hmm sugar mung no I got stuff for you
Captain Dave anytime what do you got well I got a thing looks like a giant mushroom
I think it's angel food cake for you it's an angel food mushroom
breastly for you I don't know what this is but it's got like I don't know how to
describe it yeah exactly what that is yeah get into it oh why don't you try that
see if he was in a way great German great this what is that what is it
it's like you hold it up a second let me take a look at no I don't I don't want to
either that just want to see my grandma used to make these oh yeah that's too that's
heavy too heavy no way to about 14 pounds just that little slice didn't it
mm-hmm Captain Dave will have two of those now what is that you're eating what is
that I don't know it's like no but it's got it's moist like it's got cake but
with moist something inside I don't know remember those things just squeezes
it came in a paper cylinder when you were a kid oh we can get into that place
mm-hmm well crazy well look at this look at this it's almost 10 o'clock yeah
WZTA by me beach it's like a Charlotte Rousse that's the name what the hell is it
mm-hmm I'm telling you it's good okay I'll eat this one then I'm serious it's I
have no idea yeah why don't you before we go why don't you just take a little
taste of it dig into it I gotta get a fork you know have any oh wait a minute
you got a fork I don't know where to whoops mm-hmm this probably be a good time
to get out of the way it's just gonna say the exact same thing thank you thank you
back first oh well up to you that's not necessary mm-hmm I know I might be a good idea
yeah I think so mm-hmm 10 o'clock WZTA Miami Beach now what would you say
that let me get a taste here you know what it looks like let's see what do you
call this mm-hmm I'm knowing besides delicious I have had it before but look at
that there's a little tiny eyeball in there mm-hmm boy this mic is noisy and it says
something about Sammy Davis junior junior it is great I don't know what it is
in this range you re-thra we play you want blues brothers yeah
that I'm a who's gonna stay on WF a n by the way I'm gonna be the morning man
on the on the big fan good the big I'll tell you one thing he's a lot better
than Howard mm-hmm yeah I agree I agree oh this is great I've heard of both of
them no he is he's a much better he's more much more creative Howard's got all
these writers I miss his tremendously creative funny guy mm-hmm
god this is good yeah we know what it is no clue it looks like banana pudding
let me ask you something ladies and gentlemen this is the thought for the day
so a question we want you to ponder between not tomorrow you ever eaten
something and thought it was just tremendous and not known what it was you
were eating I have many times is right I have sometimes been some of the best
that's right sometimes it well especially after a station promotion right
what did he say never mind what a mean I just have no clue not only well I guess
he figures he doesn't have much to lose oh this is so good no idea what it is
not a clue clueless I know let's got some kind of like moist arsonic or something
in it now I'm chef Jeff let me see if I oh it looks like it melted it does but it
didn't look at it look at it right he just puts the bowl up to his lips and just
drinks down exactly you're right we're delicious people are starving I'm not
gonna waste it mmm so good we're two minutes over already okay we're
real late and gongers here with with the old mine whatever
gonger old mine papah I feel like I'm vibrating boy that was delicious okay and of
course on gongers grilled today at noon he's got the beetle request today okay I
have a request but I'm sure you won't listen to it's not played yeah now it's
just a joke it should be interesting they've got such a plethora of music should
be interesting I want to hear while my guitar weeps yeah glass onion would be
nice why are you laughing at this is something it's a good one isn't it
I'm waiting to say no it's a good record I have been alike that we don't play it
very often play a lot of the white album well that's on the white album that's
what I mean but he says play a lot of the white album okay he'll play whatever
the hell he wants to play okay yeah he thinks stuff out of here okay delicious
but now did that come from Michael Fanny was that from Michael I believe so well
thank you Michael you're a great guy we appreciate that in the dog food isn't
it it's always interesting though when a guy who brings in our stuff also brought
dog food you've got to stop and think about that just a little while okay let's
get into this and get the hell out of here who it's your e-dra had a
wonderful day we'll see you tomorrow
um Sally fits I think I think the interview is almost over don't you
Sally fits Peter Ford yeah we know we just got that one okay Bishop Kennedy and the
Bishop Sheen okay head Kennedy all right now here's the here's the here's the
is this here's the magnificent question David magazine man I'm telling you too many
rough nights at Uncle Charlie so okay I think that's the problem are you and the
Garden of Squirmy Delights are you a queer are you a homo are you just gay all
of the what are you anyway all of the above okay and proud of it they want to
take this queen test and you're not my type Stuart so quick pump it for
information okay well here's I don't want to take the queen test okay well we get
some limparasted queen in here just to the a butch in the entire program we
spent months try to butcher up our image and this is a simple limparasted bag
comes in here and all the gravels I know geez all right a question is okay can
you cop an attitude at Sunday T after you will what is this Sunday T with a
T dance in these these these these David questions man are you then you
shine a load of T dances and you will flee shine one party I've been an occasional
T-Romor too but that's another yes we know we've heard talk have you really
well you'll find the number right then you will flee shine one party appear
fashionably late at another where is this man talking about geez I don't
you know queen he thinks he's interviewing Michelle fail that's right safe
sex you can you want to comment on safe sex is safe sex bringing a stranger home
and putting all your valuable jewelry in your wallet in the bedside strong box
equipped with electronically regulated company I think you safe I think you've
been hanging out with Jack Campbell you know I really do okay that well see that
got even with you how about how about oh heterosexual safe sex or is it
lieutenant or Colonel I don't know get them all confused you know what he does
you realize this is not a don't start slandering people on the show Stewart this
is this is the number one show in town okay we don't want to be all unemployed
like you and Johnny dark okay so just well here's a viable heterosexual it's about
fantasy Neil Rogers I don't have any of those story Neil Rogers being beaten to
within an inch of his public by and bishop in her beneath the news deck desk
leather drag these are just like non-sequitrified or viable fantasy or what I
imagine if I would have stayed after ten o'clock for this is better to get it
out in the open oh my god is that the answer let me write that down he's gonna
have an interesting interview Neil would you ever madeline oh here I've taken up
religion will you please within the last five minutes would you ever ban
swishful thinkers and callers from your radio show yes if you were one of them
story oh he fought one final one closing yes what's the difference between
Neil Rogers and a Volvo dealer he's glad his wife drives a Volvo you know
that commercial didn't we already do this this the difference between Neil
Rogers and a Volvo we're gonna have to dump this both like to feel a little
car yeah okay 26 till 10 yeah I know from a horrible ban joke well it certainly was
wonderful seeing Stuart in here and don't ever come back into the station again
okay anyway a 6 to 0 3600 and date and 7779 3600 inbroward and you notice what
good timing that was man I clipped him like yeah they were really good so
anyway in closing the show out today if there's no reporters around you aren't
gonna tell us your name is that it that's the way it is it's kind of funny isn't it
maybe that's the way it looks to you what do you live can't tell you're right here
you've got things all wrong son it is what you want to tell us that's got nothing to
do with it you're gonna tell us what we want to know soon or later where we
going the registry that's where the jail is why do you ask that because I want to
know there's a jail there reporters what they're gonna be reporters what is this
thing with reporters in you what's this all about before this picture name is
don't you well you get the reporters all lined up you get them from
papers you have them there and I'll tell you all about it okay that was a
Bob Lasseter Jr. there which I can't believe it anyway it's 935 on say to
4 and this last hour certainly has really shocked people from coast to coast in
this industry hasn't it now when he gave the punchline of that just did you cut
its mic off is that right at the last word yes the timing was just phenomenal okay
we have a we have a great sponsor to I didn't I tell you we were gonna do this
on the phone store did I say that on the air I said we'll do it on the phone
and I would have been so much less painful and so much less embarrassing and
degrading and humiliating and right away this maven see this douchebag behind me
with the suspenders or wherever he just disappear he's still back there I
can see him with my peripheral vision from now I what I did was I bought a
can of Alpo and I have an extra eye in my back now just to watch out behind me
at all times and you know he keeps arranging my life he keeps setting up all
these little cute things and things that have no no idea what the hell's going on
that's gonna stop real soon when I start calling in sick four days out of every
five you know it's like the Johnny Carson show and shows up one day a week then
he might get the clue nine thirty six on Zeta four and we'll come right back
we all go home exactly we go home I take a nap and wait for the phone to ring
and wake me up and stuff like that exactly we go if that douchebag calls me again
today before one o'clock he's gonna live to regret it I think the three of us have
gone out to lunch one time and nine and a half months that was the sponsor
couple weeks ago yeah that's the only time we've all gone to lunch correct
no you but you're forgetting that breakfast oh yeah that was that that's
different that was a memorable occasion wasn't it fun watching the yeah watching
all the horses at cronor rain fall on the track that was till you're right but it
was different yeah horses and then it was a horse's ass in all the net
to 21 till 10 on Zeta 4 and our next call is from unincorporated date
county hello just great sir hey you got ready your bug yet the California
or when you're out in California oh yeah the bug is gone sir huh oh man I
think I got it do you really I've been tried to pass it around I'm glad you
caught I'm well I glad that you caught it somebody's got to grab it oh I was hurt
you're you're talking about Johnny depth and out him cross dressing or something
like we have a picture I don't know do we keep that I don't know something
fruity about him and Steven Tyler dude like looks like a lady yeah yeah in fact
I've never seen the two of them together yeah there's something weird about
that yeah okay well listen we'll think about it when we come up with the answer
we'll let you know but I'm not attempting fate anymore today trust me we only
got 20 minutes to go and after that last exciting episode an escapade I'm just
not pushing my luck okay I'll stew yeah make copies of that cassette and be able to
sell and that was funny I made a tape for yeah I really like those piercing
questions you know it was funny and Bishop and Bill Ross and the cutely
journalism he got into there for a minute what the hell was he talking about
hey that what he started with that cramp about t-dances then I know that was my
favorite part then I knew it was all over I liked that part better than any of
the others I mean when you come right down to it what the hell is a t-dance okay
do we really want to talk about that oh seriously what does that mean well I
don't we 20 minutes before 10 we don't want to talk about that and see
you in all kinds of names on there people that haven't been born yet and I know
who the hell they are plantation hello
