The prize Chevrolet by mistake.
Southern Auto Parts junkyard owner, Sam Parasy says it was an honest mistake.
Police say no laws were broken.
Sam who?
Parasy.
Parasy?
How are we spelling that?
P-A-R-I-S-I?
Yeah.
Parasy?
Well, Sam said...
Just a guess on my part.
I don't think it's Parasy.
Parasy, I said.
Yeah, I try to slip these by and I...
Yeah, you slip.
Be on the lookout for dissolving checks.
Checks treated with a chemical that causes him to disintegrate shortly after being deposited
of shown up in Memphis and Chicago.
And you never guess who wrote them.
Ha ha ha.
Now here's the question.
What's the question?
Yeah, not Larry Kay.
Here's the scam.
Somebody opens an account with a small amount of money and later makes a larger deposit
with the dissolving check.
Before the check dissolves, the person withdraws the money and disappears.
By the way, what station can Larry Kay be heard on in Dayton Broward?
W-P-B-R?
I said like, what...
Oh, Dayton Broward, none.
Hurd on in Dayton Broward.
No, none.
Hmm.
Isn't that string?
Isn't it?
Partly cloudy today and tomorrow, our highs will be near 80 and our lows are not near 70.
And it's 74 now.
On Zeta 4, it's 852.
My briefs.
Not my briefs, my briefcase.
Look at this.
This is a blast from the past.
This is from the September 16th, 1987, Weekly News page 39.
Labor Day 1987 was certainly busy for the Weekly News's Jack Sturdy as he stopped at
some of Broward County's most popular watering holes to shoot the pictures on this page
is 39 and 55.
To shoot the pics on this page is 30.
What kind of grammar is that?
At Backthreat, a hurricane party topped the weekends during line and Evelyn Thomas
had clumped 21 to annual black and white ball was the event to attend as dozens of entertainers
volunteered the efforts for this PWA fund riser at the Copa.
Mikkel Brown saying her manpower hit as the crowd hot crowd danced to the music.
Attackies, their packed tea dance brought out men.
What?
A tea dance?
As in tea room.
Oh, I didn't know they did that there.
Their tea dance brought out men who like to pose for Jack's camera and all told Jack and
friends top left seem to have labored happily all weekend long.
And all these kind of well, all these clones, you know, even the broaden here's got a mustache.
Almost everybody in the seriously look at these guys.
They've all got that little clone mustache.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like they pasted them on.
They went to the bar and tied one on so to speak.
Look at air.
Almost every but there's somebody now nobody in this picture on top here as a mustache.
And in the upper right hand corner of what these other two very interesting looking people
is no other than Alice Randell at that place.
I'll be darn it says Copa underneath it at the Copa.
So he must have been doing research for one of those many, many shows that he does on homosexuals or something like that.
Alice must have been doing research must have been.
So we still have that picture there.
Love it dear.
You know, I think you're adorable.
I really do.
I'll bet you hear that a lot.
You don't?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I think you're quite a handsome doll myself.
Okay, now back to pool.
That was a pretty nice break.
Pretty good shot.
You know how I can tell right now you're a pool shark?
How?
Well, there's something about the way you stand with that post-ick in your hand.
I'm going to turn on the truth box.
I want to play while shooting.
Yeah.
Wait, next time I play, I'll think of you.
You are good.
You want.
But the least I can do is buy you another beer.
Uh, Joe, make that two beers please.
Well, well, I think you became a bit distracting to me if I made these no honest.
I have other things on my mind right now.
I've kind of been picturing you with your arms around me holding me close to you.
I pictured you kissing my neck softly and telling me that you think that you could fall in love with me.
See, ever since we started our game of pool, I knew something special was happening between us.
You felt that too, didn't you?
I know you did.
Nothing like a big man like you.
Every woman likes to be held.
It feels so good to be in your arms.
I can't wait for us to play another game of pool real soon.
I'm looking forward to it.
Aren't you coming back tomorrow for a new romantic fantasy?
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, that's not.
Is that another Dave Ryder rip off?
You've grown up, Amy.
Yeah.
That's like X rated Amy.
We have T-N-A-Me.
R rated Amy, X rated Amy, and then we have Psychotic Amy, which is other story.
We won't get into it today.
That's a 976X.
Yeah.
Let me ask you a question about it.
858.
I'll say to four.
All right, Arita.
Here's your re-thra.
Happy birthday, Arita.
Notice Rose Folder is conspicuous by her abs in so far.
Oh.
Am I right?
This is the latest that we've gone in a dog's age and that he hasn't shown up in a dolphin's age.
Yeah, that is longer, dolphin's age.
By the way, if you were listening earlier, we really hope you enjoyed the call to Luke
Halpin, who was a little bit, um, surly at the beginning of the call, but we buttered
him up.
I didn't call.
He was eating out of the palm of our hand, just like flipper with the palm of our flipper.
Just like flipper.
Yeah.
Two minutes past night on Zeta 4 and we'll go back to these calls now because this morning
has been quite an epic.
Dave County.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Who's this?
This is Neil.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Who's this?
This is Jane Goldberg.
How's everything?
Okay, Jane.
You know, you come from Rochester, correct?
That is correct.
And you never talk about ice hockey.
Why is that?
Well, I don't know why because I used to go see all those Americans games, Rochester Amherst.
I like the Pacific State.
That is correct.
A lot of it.
I've been up there.
My brother and all my friends went to Brockport, you know Brockport.
I sure do.
And let me tell you something.
I'm a first time caller.
Listen to your show every morning and I think you're great.
But you're right, Jane.
I'm right.
I was from New York City and I used to listen to that guy stand.
But you're 100 times better than him.
But yeah, all Howard, Howard's got about three words that he knows how to say and that's about it.
I saw him with that Morton show.
He's an ugly sucker.
Yeah, he looks like twisted sister on a bad day.
You said that once.
I don't know if you say that.
Yeah.
I just want to tell you your show is great.
I like the bread.
I like Kat and Dave.
He's cool.
You should be upfront with you guys though.
Donna.
No.
Now we'd like to leave him in the other room because he eats so damn much.
He creates a lot of, a lot of problems.
You know, I never met you.
Where can I meet you?
I hear all these things.
I had an e-Mac, and bullioes and stuff.
When you're going to make another public appearance.
Well, let you know, Jane.
Maybe it Don and Bob's.
Don and Bob's.
Hey, listen, are you really into hockey or are you just, you know, so soft?
I used to announce hockey.
Jane, I'm a big hockey fan.
Really?
I want to tell you, now we have a street hockey league down on the ice, daily road.
Well, North Miami.
Good luck to you, Jane.
Okay, well, Neil, it's a place talking to you.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
See you later.
See, he was about to do a plug for the street hockey thing.
And I just, I can't do that, Jane, because that's going to put everybody into a coma.
But no, I love hockey.
Just too bad we don't get to see more of it down here.
Of course, if I guess I, if I had a satellite dish.
Then I'd be able to see everything, right?
I don't know why you like hockey.
All they do is just beat the hell out of each other.
I mean, compared to like baseball, I can see even football.
Oh, yeah, even football, which, of course, there's no violence in football.
Well, physical content.
Well, it's like, you know, they aggressively block and everything.
Oh, yeah, they aggressively block and everything.
Every play they just about, they're 22 guys falling on top of each other.
You don't even understand what hockey's all about.
Well, they have no, they have no, they have no, they don't even understand what it's all about.
And about the, the speed and the grace and the great passing in the,
great, but, oh, my God, in great ways, an incredible goal tending and penalty shots.
Then they have to prove their coach.
You don't understand.
To keep their jobs, they have to prove to their coaches, what a jerk they are by beating up on.
And of course, we know there's no violence or physical contact in like basketball,
even college basketball is like wrestling.
They're trying to get wrestling and are beating the crap out of each other
and they're rolling around on the floor and stepping on each other's contact lenses.
Well, you know, they're trying to get rid of shame on them.
That's what I say, but in hockey, it's like part of the excuse us.
Okay, excuse us.
Yeah, there's too much violence in hockey, but that's because the public loves it.
They, they eat it up.
Yeah, it's like going to a car.
Like you said, going to see you guys, they want to see somebody, you know, blow up or going to see boxing.
They want to see the blood and the guts and they want to see somebody's eye pop out.
That's what the public want.
They're all the lawyers.
They're all in this rubber necking.
Well, I must have missed that one when the eye popped up.
Well, we're waiting.
In fact, matter of fact, that happened in a hockey game years ago.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Yes, it did.
I don't want to tell you about the guy who skated over it.
That's 905.
I'd say to four. That's a true story, but we'll save that for another day.
Okay, move it right along.
That's, I knew that would make you like the game a lot better.
Yeah, now I got like, yeah, Broward County.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Fine. How are you?
Okay.
Sneal.
Yeah.
Oh, I just wanted to say that I love you show it's the first time I've ever called.
I've been listening to you since October.
And you didn't call up until then.
Now, something must have happened today to motivate you to make you say to yourself.
Today, I'm going to do it.
Exactly right.
I just wanted to tell you that you shouldn't replace the bird with Alan.
It's just not used.
You just don't reason why you should do that.
No, we know who said we were going to place the bird with Alan.
We never saw it.
Oh, I didn't mean it like that.
I just mean it happens to be true, but yeah, that's true.
Now wait a minute.
What's in the bag there?
My bag.
He's got a bag here with bagels in it.
I'll be guy-starred.
Do we have any cream cheese?
It's in back there.
Oh, it's in the bag.
Okay.
Yeah, the bird's eating again.
Sir, everybody's eating around me here like a feeding frenzy.
I just got a lot of salt on it.
I don't think so.
I don't like these real salty ones.
Well, I said it's great hearing from you.
Okay.
I'm not going to cut you sure, but I mean I thought maybe that was like...
No, you made a great point, sir.
No, you really did.
It's right now.
You made it here.
Never mind.
Go ahead.
You said you made a great point.
I said you made a great point.
I made a great point.
Well, the bird is great and I don't think you know Alan is okay.
He's kind of cute and everything and I'm like, look at him.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Do you know Alan?
No, I don't know Alan.
Then how do you know he's cute?
Well, I just assumed that he's cute because you've only been telling me that for two months.
I'm going to tell you, he's not just cute.
I just can't find the words, okay?
Seriously.
I'm sorry.
I'm never really at a loss for words, but there are no words.
I understand.
I just wanted to ask you for a date.
Maybe when you get off, I could buy your breakfast.
That's three this morning.
Boy, this must be going to be a great weekend for me.
You're having a good day.
Well, listen, I'll take a rain check, okay?
Okay, I understand.
I know you do.
You've got a great show and I'll first say you answer the phone and I thank you and everything and this is great.
Okay, we'll see you all later.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Boy, I've had three propositions this morning, huh?
Thank you, Claire.
She's bringing me some coffee.
Wasn't that nice?
That's really very nice.
I appreciate it very much.
I don't see any cream cheese, though.
That's okay.
Don't get hysterical now.
Isn't that nice?
Brought me coffee.
That's real nice.
Guy called and has your furniture on his truck from Levitts and says he can't wait until you get home.
So he's dropping it off at the warehouse.
No.
You mean to say that that mung-brain in my house won't get up to let the furniture in?
Now, wait, you let this guy go?
He was on hold.
What do you mean he was on hold?
He was on hold and I said that you were busy and I said,
Oh, no.
I just cannot believe this.
Okay.
I can't believe this.
Where are they going to drop it?
At the warehouse.
He said that he was on his way to your house right now.
And he says that he found out that you weren't there.
But there's somebody there.
Well, see, I didn't know what to tell him.
He was on hold and I said, I didn't use that name.
I used my real name.
How do you know it's my house?
Didn't that amazing?
I don't know.
He said, he knew Joey.
What are you talking about?
Anyway, I said, it's going to be a while before he takes a break to talk to you.
I said, let me get your number.
Do I have to be there?
It's paid for.
All he's got to do is go there and ring the bell and devil and a minute of deliver the furniture.
Yeah, that's kind of surly, man.
He was like saying, he says, well, if I had to know he wasn't going to be there till about 10, 15 or 10, 30.
Why do I have to be there?
Somebody is there.
Well, here's the number.
You people that levets you're out of your minds.
Well, here's the number.
He says ask for the warehouse man.
I want to, yeah, give me the number right.
I'm going to call these people on a year.
Okay.
What's the goddamn number?
That you see, that's the problem with being on a year.
Like these people know my whole life.
I know.
There's somebody there to take the damn thing.
I know.
Do you believe this?
Ask for what?
You better hurry up.
Where are these cities unloading it?
Yeah, unload this.
Let me tell you, you can take that furniture and stick it up your ear at levets, okay?
Hello.
Yeah, is this the warehouse?
Uh, what can I do for you?
This is a nea Rogers, I'm say to four radio.
I'll be on the radio.
Yeah.
What's going on with you guys?
You know, I bought some furniture there the other day.
It's supposed to be delivered this morning.
There's somebody in the house.
And the guy assumes that because I'm on ear, there's nobody there.
Wouldn't it be, wouldn't it be a good idea if he went there and rang the bell first?
And we had somebody let him in to deliver the furniture?
What's that a brother Boeward do you live on?
No, I'm not going to do this on a year.
What do you mean, which side?
They got the address.
I just want to try and figure out who the truck driver was.
Oh, it's on its west of Pine Island.
There's west of Pine Island for that.
Unbelievable.
He's listening to the show.
Yeah, that's great.
I can't believe this.
What's the who the driver is?
I mean, do I have to be there?
Let me let you talk to the store manager.
Oh my god.
Yeah, they're going to start with that.
Okay.
Love it after 9 on Zeta 4.
I apologize to the audience for doing this, but it's an emergency.
Now, they don't get that furniture in his house today.
I'm going to go to Levitts and give them an offer they can't refuse.
Do you believe this?
Everything is fine.
Everything is fine.
Maybe he just unloaded like the big stuff.
What do you do?
Put me on hold with some of this music now?
Probably got life on the music on hold.
They said they were listening.
Can't believe this.
The guy, the truck driver knew that I wasn't there.
How does he know who it is?
They just know.
I don't do business under Neil Rogers.
They just know.
I don't know how, but they know.
They do.
Do they really?
Well, let him stick it in your ear.
Okay.
He knows that I'm not there.
So does that mean that there's nobody home?
You may want to hang for a second, Roger.
I've never heard of this.
Spide-away Levitts is buying any spots on his show, Tom, to stick it in your ear.
Okay.
It's not all mighty.
You know, that's not cool for advertising.
What's that?
Well, I got news for you, boy.
I'd love to do the spots.
I'll do them live.
Okay.
Tell them, hey, they got some great stuff, but you'll never see it.
You're right.
Hang on a minute.
Okay.
And they're listening over there to top it all off.
That's kind of make sense.
All they got to do is go there and ring the bell about 20 or 30 times, and Mungbrae will get out of bed.
He'll get out of bed.
Bang on the door.
Exactly.
And scream, hey, you idiot.
Get out of bed.
Where's he off?
Go in there and hold a 357 back.
And do his studies used to that.
How about works?
Tommy with a plantation pigs.
That works great.
Boy.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
So what's going on?
Where is my furniture?
Hello?
Hello.
I can't believe you believe this truck.
It's still in the truck.
Well, why is it still on the truck?
Because they get out with it.
Why is it still on the truck?
Why aren't they delivering my furniture?
Why isn't it going to the warehouse instead of my house?
I mean, I'm sure that you'd like to furnish the warehouse and have it looked real nice, but I can't afford to buy furniture for the warehouse.
Is it a merchant or your name?
Yeah, it's under my name.
Not under Neo Rodgers, it's under my real name.
I don't have any idea how this got involved with this show.
Put your hand on the dumb button.
What's the real name?
The real name is Be Health for you, idiots.
Everybody knows my real name.
And not only that, but what the hell does Neo Rodgers have to do with this?
Oh, that one.
Okay, I got it.
Oh, that one.
So what's the problem?
Why are we getting messages here that the truck driver isn't taking the furniture there?
He's taking it to the warehouse because he knows I'm not home.
What is that all about?
Are you people brained that over there or what?
How do you expect the driver to take your furniture to your house if you're not home?
Because there's somebody else there, okay?
And he hasn't been there.
Now, maybe if he went there and rang the bell, somebody might let him in and he can deliver the furniture, okay?
Oh, I'm, do you believe this?
Do you believe this?
I want to, I'm going to tell you a little story about Levit.
It's okay.
I went there the other day and I bought this stuff and I had some good deals here, okay?
And I bought a few things at Dynet set and some rent tables.
And the guy says to me, I give him my credit card.
He says, oh, we don't take those credit cards.
We have our own charge and give us your credit card and your driver's license and your phone number.
A two minutes man will fill it out.
You'll be all set.
40 minutes later, I'm still filling out forms.
Even if the White House, they don't have so much red tape to fill out.
Oh, I remember this place.
Oh my God, I'm telling you by the time you get through filling the forms out, you could have, you could have gone and, you know, you could have died already.
You could have built a table.
Exactly. You could have gotten and built your own furniture and painted it and lacquered it.
Well, why do you think they're so confused?
And now they can't, they can't, and why is there nobody on this line, by the way?
Why is there nobody speaking to us?
They hung up, I think.
They did?
I don't hear anything.
Hello?
No, they're not there.
No, they're somebody on there.
They're just like, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, what's going on?
Nothing, we were talking and nobody was there.
What do you mean you were talking?
I've been sitting here trying to get an answer.
Now, what's going on with my furniture, please?
It's calming.
Yeah, so is Christmas.
I don't remember, do I?
I don't know what's at the house.
Well, so what's, there is someone at the house.
Why do you have doubts that there's someone at the house?
Am I making it up?
I don't know.
I mean, don't, I know if there's somebody else living in my house.
I hope so.
I mean, how is it that you people are all such experts on who's in my house?
I'm the second here at the house.
Okay, here's somebody else.
Okay, great.
Here's the eighth manager.
Here's the eighth manager now.
They want to talk to Uncle Neil.
Yeah, great.
They're very confused.
915 on Zeta 4 as we continue talking to our friends.
Leave it at 11.
Leave it to Levitts.
Leave it at Levitts.
Oh, God.
How many hours?
Can I help you?
Yes.
Okay, what can I help you with?
What you can help me with is to tell me, and we're on the air by the way, on the radio.
So let's try to conduct ourselves in a civilized manner.
I think that's real good.
Yeah, now what seems to be the problem?
Why is it that your driver doesn't want to deliver my furniture to my house?
Why wouldn't he want to deliver it to your house?
Because he called here earlier and said that he knows that I'm on the air and that I'm not home.
So therefore he's taking the furniture to the warehouse.
Oh, he's already been informed that there is someone at your home and he found his way.
Yeah, but why would he assume that?
In other words, if I told them to deliver it today and that there would be somebody there, why would he assume otherwise?
I can't answer for him, sir.
I have no idea.
I mean, is your driver brain dead?
No, I don't think so.
He happens to be a very experienced driver.
Really?
Well, I think perhaps if he listened to the radio less and paid more attention to him,
it's a 24-till-night on Zeta 4 and we'll come right back.
I was kind of confused at first.
So then how the hell does he know who I am and where I am?
I don't think he knew who he worked because he kept saying this guy, they say this guy works there under some capacity.
I was going to wait a second, you know.
He didn't really know.
Oh, yeah, likely story, right?
He works there under some capacity.
If he's delivering the furniture, what is he calling here for?
Maybe one of the mega requests.
Yeah, right. I got a request for him, okay?
Do you remember that movie duel with Dennis Weaver?
Yeah.
Spielberg film.
This first big film.
With the truck driver?
I think that's the truck driver that's got my furniture, okay?
He's going to follow you.
Now listen, when the people at Bones showed up here several weeks ago and it really was much too long ago
with that little burger.
What just happened there?
Have you got your coffee and your handbag?
I saved it from falling, didn't he?
Wow, that was an incredible move.
What a look.
If you would have had your Bones cup, that wouldn't happen.
I, because it's more like waiting.
It's easier to handbag.
I see it better.
I can't believe I saved it.
That's easier to get a grip on.
Anyway, I'm telling you, they brought us the most incredible barbecue ribs, beef and pork
and beans and coalslaw.
And just, I mean, it was a feast fit for a king or a queen.
And I want to tell you, it just doesn't get any better than bones in every Wednesday night.
They have fish fry night, all white fish fillets, batter dipped and served with fries, coalslaw,
and homemade tartar sauce.
All you can eat fish only, $6.95 every Wednesday night.
No matter what you're in a mood for, whether it's ribs or sandwiches, seafood, chicken,
country dinners, they got it all with all the fixings, all the down home cornpone fixings
at bones in Boka.
And we invite you to stop by for lunch or dinner any day of the week at 3,500 North Federal
Highway in Boka, mile and a half north of Glades Road.
Got a party coming up.
They do great catering.
And if you tell them that Neil Rogers sent you by, they will give you something special
at bones.
Something special for your Michael Jackson archaeologist collection at bones in Boka.
Are you there?
Okay, hold on.
Oh, good.
Is it on a line?
Can we put it in here?
Oh, that's good.
If it's on 187, I can't wait.
Hello.
Hello.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What kind of crap was that?
Yeah, what was that?
Why is he mad?
I can't put that on here.
He used words we can't say.
I sound like any Murphy.
Did, didn't it?
What's his problem?
You didn't call him it.
Well, he was pretty, uh, certainly funny in here.
Yeah, once we got him on the air, he wasn't so funny.
Yeah, too bad.
There was some potential there.
And he went a little crazy.
A little crazy.
And you're right.
It sounded like the soundtrack from Waw, Eddie Murphy.
I think I'm going to get my furniture in pieces.
I thought it was okay.
Maybe, right.
Maybe on the wall.
I'm coming to warehouse back again, because if that was really the truck driver,
I'm going to be churned all of this furniture, okay?
I'm serious.
If that was really the truck driver.
Yeah, this is Zeta again, okay?
Neo-Rodgers?
Yeah.
Now, did you hear, are you people listening over there?
Hold on a minute.
Let me make sure I'm listening to Hopper.
Yeah, now we just had a guy called here who said he was the truck driver.
I got it.
Neo-Rodgers again.
Yeah, who said he was the truck driver.
He's using all kind of four letter words on the air.
Then I had a dump out.
That wasn't that couldn't do.
That wasn't.
That was either ready Murphy or the truck driver or any other.
That was the driver.
That was the driver?
Yeah, he's a...
I had a little hyper this morning.
I had some coffee.
Yeah, that was...
He had some coffee.
That was the driver that just called here and used all those four letter words
that I had a dump off the air.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think he knows your number.
Oh, he doesn't know.
No, he couldn't.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is the driver black?
No, he's white.
He's white.
No, that wasn't him in that one.
What was Eddie Murphy that called?
Eddie Murphy?
Yeah.
I have Eddie Murphy called here.
Okay, we'll see if we can arrange it for him.
We'll have him repeat what he said to us, okay?
Okay.
All right.
Have a good day now.
Bye-bye.
He was saying he was either going to put things he had boring from now.
We'll just call Levin's warehouse.
All right, keep that number.
He was saying he was going to put things on.
He couldn't believe anything, you know?
If the guy called and said it was...
Oh, no, I figured that it wasn't him.
Was that the same guy you talked to before?
No, but the guy was funny.
In other words, he had the truck driver call before.
It was the real truck driver.
And he assumes that between then and now the truck driver
not only did it as a different person, but he changed color.
But he was funny, man.
He changed race between the last time he called.
He was funny, so I said, well, hold on.
I'll give you a chance.
You had to start him.
And then he went crazy, man.
Yeah, I noticed.
Mm-hmm.
Boy.
Maniac.
Boy, these bagels are good, aren't they?
They sure are.
We got one thing going here.
All right, let's take some more calls now
because it's been a traumatic Friday.
Broward County, hello.
Calls now because it's been a...
Come on.
Hey, buddy.
Oh, get out of here.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
It was it!
Broward, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
This is the truck driver.
Are we gonna have to connect all of your cable system
to get the furniture, or do you know mine, do you?
Go right ahead, believe me.
There's nothing on the cable anyway.
This is one of the original flaming weerie licker's calling.
I got a question for you.
Yes, sir.
By the way, we never got another letter from Susan Martin
as we could get this point.
She's out of material.
Maybe she died.
Oh, poor Susan.
Listen to flowers.
I'm a torque radio addict.
I gotta ask you this.
If you were an addict like me, and you were forced to listen
to torque radio in this market between 10 and 2 in the daytime.
I'd kill myself.
I'd kill myself, I really would.
I'd blow my brains out.
I mean, I have to tune into Sandy Payton.
Oh, come on.
You're not okay.
I mean, anybody that's that desperate.
Well, a while?
No.
I'm just saying, can't you give it a rest for four hours?
Can't you put some stuff on cassette and entertain your
and amuse yourself until Stan comes on?
Maybe record the Neil Rogers show and listen to it later.
Very good thinking.
Great idea.
I got a good idea for your show.
Okay.
I think that everybody that calls up in the month,
at first of all, do you record your shows?
Yeah.
I think they should, everybody that calls up should make a great attempt
at giving good phone and that you should take maybe the 10 best calls
and at the end of the month, play them back and have the audience go on.
Which one was the best and give a prize for it?
Mm-hmm.
Might be fun.
Mm-hmm.
Just a suggestion.
I think you ought to suggest it to Jay Michaels.
He wouldn't get any though.
That'd be the problem there.
Because he's got all those entertainers on it, showman.
He's got every group and every band and every club
and every Schmageghi that comes down to Pike Man.
It's incredible.
It puts me to sleep.
That show he did yesterday.
I want to tell you on a scale of minus infinity.
It was, it was, there no words to describe it.
We can't get you broke, you blood pressure going.
Okay.
Take care.
Have a good day.
Now, Dennis ever tell us is today the day the trends are coming out.
He was in here like a flash and then he disappeared.
Something else was on his mind.
Yeah.
I don't know what it is.
He didn't say.
I mean, don't, don't we get to know anything anymore?
Are we totally in the dark?
I thought that Mark Cune was a douchebag, but this rose, man.
We're just like, tow.
I like the screen.
And I voted yes.
I don't think he liked that.
I don't think he wants to hear that.
I don't think he wants to hear that.
Now, why is he voting on a Cooper City kids?
What happened?
What the hell have they got to do with Haysha?
All they do is show them to bring me a message and he's taking a poll on the Cooper City kids.
Oh, well, the poll was, should he let him in or not?
Yeah.
I don't even know if they really wanted in there.
You know, one thing about Stan, man, his originality on a scale of zero is, I don't know what it is.
I think his brains are fried or something.
I don't know, I'm no comment.
Just get in trouble.
Who had Stan.
But they're okay in my book.
I like him.
I bet you do.
Come on.
I think they're good for you.
They would be good for me, yeah.
No, I don't think they're the least that's right because I kind of see you like as a father figure.
Yeah, that's exactly you got it exactly right.
No, you're kind, you're generous.
And I hope they don't know what you got it made.
He does have it made.
No.
And I think you should have some control over him.
Over who?
Over big days.
Living there with you.
I should have some control over him.
Now, what does that mean?
You know, some amount of control over him as far as keeping him in line.
I keep him in line.
I know.
Martin O'Zee needs it, right?
Kids today.
He needs it?
Yeah, those guys had a lot of energy.
Why, what is it that he did that indicates?
He was great.
He was good.
He gave himself rather well.
I thought he did, yeah.
I thought he did too.
You weren't there all day.
No, we had to leave at one o'clock.
We weren't invited to the concert.
Did you want to go?
No.
I think so.
But they won't, they kept your way from there, huh?
I was a bit unorganized.
Yeah.
That's too bad.
I felt bad.
You know, I brought my friend with me.
And I was always telling about the large crowds.
You know, great it is and a lot of energy.
It's just great.
Not there.
Where is everybody?
I don't know.
Something's wrong here.
But I know they're over there.
I just followed me in time.
Now, the rumor bet is that this friend of yours that you were with, he's the person responsible
for turning you on to talk radio.
I know.
He doesn't like to admit it too often.
That's right, Glenn.
He does.
That's what I thought.
He made me sit down and listen to you, Neil.
I mean, I never listened to radio of any kind.
You know, I have used to listen to my cassette player.
But he made me sit down and now look at me.
And the rest is history.
And the rest is history.
Yeah, sure is.
History in my house, Sam.
Tell big day, I said happy birthday and enjoy your new house.
I sure will.
All right.
You guys have a great weekend.
You too.
Bye-bye.
See, you just knew that line was something important.
God was trying to tell me something.
That's right.
And it was something important.
And I wouldn't listen.
I wouldn't listen.
Something vital.
And you wouldn't listen.
Just when you thought crap-cold records couldn't possibly be more tasteless.
An avar, April evening, an attainable clean.
I met this year accountant.
He the boat to Tadeesh moves.
That's right.
It's the cat-skilled cowboy himself.
Dr. Erving Paycheck singing the all-time greatest hits of Noshville.
You'll hear the accountant.
You gotta know how to feed him.
Know how to cheat him.
If you wanna live your good life.
Deeper seconds, say that book.
And who could forget this flavorful cut?
Looking for locks in all their own places.
Looking for locks.
I'd buy by the cases.
Quality stuff.
Be sure there's no cases of bones or too much salt.
And no collection of old country music would be complete without Dr. Erving Paycheck's dietary classic.
I've a scotian.
Then kosher, bosn, cool.
Yes, crap-cold records proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Noshville.
Those not Miami moves.
To order Noshville hits, dial 1-800-cups.
Let's buy Dr. Erving Paycheck.
Kosies.
Got those not Miami moves.
Yeah, please.
And the same to you, Irving.
It's 936 on Zad-E-4.
Uh-huh.
Boy, this...
We were going to log in.
We were singing a song and doing our thing for two, about a half an hour ago.
And all of a sudden, man, we got that one message on the screen, about nine o'clock.
Yeah.
And all hell broke loose here, you know?
Now, did we miss something?
Did Rose come by here and tell us about the numbers?
Are they coming out today?
I think I blinked out for a minute.
We must have missed out on that.
I'm positive that he responded to my question.
I need some aspirin.
Yeah.
I need some exedron extra strength at this point.
And if the truck driver's listening great, I hope you get a diary, okay?
Make sure you spell the name right.
And don't put down, you listen to Behealfer on the radio, okay?
Now, won't get the job done.
Now, can you picture going home and there's furniture all over the front lawn?
Yeah.
Like, dumb there.
I can imagine that.
Oh, sure.
Because you've got to understand the other part of the dilemma hasn't been solved yet.
And that is the person inside the house has got to respond when the bell ring.
Why don't you call right now?
You know that cart you have that you play when we reminisce about Lakeland?
You know that one?
Oh, okay.
I bleep that out because there are more than enough people got that number already, okay?
Oh, wait a minute.
I can't put that message on here.
Geez.
Oh, my God.
Uh oh.
I put, I put an ex rated message on his phone.
I can't put, oh, geez.
Thank God.
I remembered.
So how do I do this now?
Yeah.
We dumped the thing already and we're all God.
I can't, uh, you're in the dilemma.
Uh, isn't this something I can't call a house?
Now, surely if he rings a bell, knocks in the door, it will.
Someone will hear, right?
Don't call him.
Don't be so sure of that.
Okay.
It's a very big house.
It would be a real good excuse to say, well, I was sleeping and I didn't hear the bell.
Even though people, uh, some people do know that their stuff being delivered there today.
I've got a very traumatic day today.
All kinds of people coming today.
Well, what does they have the machine for if we sleep?
I got the bug spray man.
Did it what?
What does he have the machine on for if he's in there?
It seems like he'd have a distance.
Well, he gets a lot of important calls early in the day when I'm not there.
For example, okay.
It gets these twinkie calls in the morning, okay?
From people who ought to be in school, but aren't stuff like that.
See, there you go.
Rip and stand off again.
Twinkies, you know, I know.
This is a dilemma.
Yeah.
Now, what the hell do I do now?
Maybe you love it.
Because I don't have an answering machine on my line.
Yeah.
I don't have to leave early today.
Yeah.
Maybe I got to get home early.
We could leave about a quarter of, okay?
Or ten.
Because obviously they're not speaking to us.
These management people.
So put put along some.
We're in the dark.
Yeah.
Let's play in a God of divida.
We're in the dark.
Oh, he in the dark.
Or we could call him and have him run over in the dark.
Boy, my glad I didn't let that message go on it.
That would have been so you just can't imagine.
Yeah, because you had just dumped because I say, hi, you've reached Dave's phone and he's
busy doing and I mentioned a couple of things.
That was an inner just a little joke, but that would have been in other words.
Right now before six o'clock in the morning, we're going to probably put it in.
So anyway, hopefully he's wide awake and listening and having a great time and a furniture is
coming.
Oh, do we have another call from Levitts from the driver?
Oh, hey, hold on a second.
We got to take a break before you take this call.
Who is it?
It's SNM.
Oh, now what the hell does he want?
I don't know, but maybe we can find out.
Maybe he can go over to my house and make sure the furniture is done.
But I'm maybe going to do something useful for once in a while.
20 before 10 on Zeta 4 and we'll come right back.
Palsister, please do space.
Mr. Po, it was way back in.
A.T.
Oh, yeah.
When we left something behind your drive.
There must be a better way.
Then always asking us to pay.
Don't raise the rates cause if you do.
I've got a pitfall.
You're lucky, will you?
You always keep me waiting Mr. Po's man.
