W-I-O-D.
This is being real by good rapid minutes.
Okay, now I wanted to give Barbara a chance to clean, get it in without any problems.
Okay, 1038 at W-I-O-D. Our next caller is in Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Daniel.
Yeah.
It's about time you come out of your shell and talk about your ratings.
For crying out loud, I've been listening to you for years and you never talk about your ratings.
Well, that's right for everything, sir.
I mean, it's about time you. You've got to get over that shine.
I know.
I know.
I've been listening to you for 10 years, Neil, and this was the first time you ever
break the box you're rating.
That's right.
But I want to be with you more about it.
One of the ones you want.
You will produce her to that show. I've got a secret.
No matter if I just to calm you down, sir, we're going to do an entire four hours on it tomorrow.
Okay.
Boy, what a maniac, huh?
Yeah.
I'll leave if you just talk a little more to talk to me.
I'll carry a big number.
That's a problem.
We never learned that lesson.
Speak softly and carry a big number.
I see.
All right.
We do have an open line in Broward where that maniac just hung up.
At least five, two, four, a WIOD.
At least senior senior, yeah.
Well, that's nice getting those calls from Winmore once in a while.
Oh, you know what?
Four-letter mail.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'd like to know what rock in Hollandale he called out from under.
Probably sunny Rosenberg's uncle.
God, I couldn't believe that guy was wild.
How was that?
I believe that.
All right.
Don't get carried away now, sir.
Why won't you?
I won't, sir.
This is my only day off, so it's like the only time I get to have her speak with you.
And I started getting calls.
And I'm not trying to be a chronic.
That's okay.
Don't want to be a chronic.
Okay.
But I want you to know I'm a supporter.
Great.
And I am a converted am.
Are you an athletic supporter, also, sir?
Yeah.
That's good.
Great.
Because we need all the doll fans we can get.
We had like, over 11,000 empty seats last night.
And obviously with good cause.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I mean, one day I'm going to go down to Robby Stadium, but I don't know if
it's going to be for a dolphin game.
So I'm going to be here.
Yeah.
Moving right along.
Moving right along.
Okay.
One thing is, the trends actually say anything about days or is it just as it goes by?
Yeah.
It says like Monday between 10.07 and 10.08.
Of course it doesn't say by day.
I don't know, sir.
I'm sorry.
Okay, sir.
Because I'd like to know, you know, how Gonzer's cross-talk does.
Oh, we have that.
No, they don't, it doesn't go that low.
I don't know.
Nothing under a point one makes it in this.
I'm glad.
Yeah.
If you could possibly persuade Neil to play like Jeb Boy, Jeb Girl, I'd like you to do your
don't want to play in part of it.
I just got you playing part of it a minute ago, sir.
I just got you playing about a minute of it a little while ago.
I mean, this is the only day I can tape it.
Or you want the whole thing?
And I'd like to do it with WRMS intro.
Because I love how he does that.
I tease that patient because they play it at my work.
I have to like listen to it.
And you guys are so right.
Yeah.
They step all over it.
I am.
So I'd like to like, you know, keep it and then take it to work.
You were a lot, don't you?
A lot.
If I were you, I wouldn't take it to work.
I would leave it home if I were you.
You know what I mean?
Well, my boss, you're on.
I'm trying to say this, sir.
What?
My boss is a douchebag.
Yeah.
So, you know, I mean, it's kind of funny.
No, you're promising us this is your only day off of the week, right?
So it's only two days we need to.
I want to talk to you for the last week.
And one of the questions.
Thank God.
Yeah.
And then I'll leave you a month.
Okay.
Please.
If Butch beer was pulled from GTR, how can they're letting you play it?
And, you know, the same dole thing.
Because I'm a hell of a lot more Butch than those guys.
Okay, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay, is that answer your question?
Yes, sir.
And we'll try a later for JetBoy Jet Girl.
I can't promise anything.
It depends on how long these break fair.
Well, if there's anything like songwires or anything you got to play, Glenn, please.
CDR and that venture.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Oh, God.
Now we got another whole seven days before we have to hear from him again.
Now, he means well.
He's just, he needs to put you up a little bit.
1042 at WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Great.
Um, you know, I just wanted to ask you a question about that.
About what?
One station that no one has any competition, which is, uh, that, uh, a kiss up out?
Yeah.
What are they doing in the morning?
Well, in the morning?
Kiss in the morning.
Kiss in the morning.
Sounds like something we couldn't say up till a short time ago.
Sure does.
Let's see.
WKIS, they went from a two eight down to a two six.
They tied for a 15th.
Wow.
Which is, you know, not so great.
Not so good.
Not so great.
All right.
And then you add QAM, which they also, they own the same, uh, the OSEM owners own both stations.
Right.
And QAM in the morning had a, um, had a, uh, something, but I don't see it anywhere.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
It's not even even make it in.
Is that possible?
That's, uh, incredible.
I don't see it.
I really don't.
They didn't even make it.
So in other words, they had less than a point seven.
But I don't even put it in.
No.
God.
Yeah.
I only thought this, uh, you know, I'm the, uh, football games and then brought them out.
Yeah.
So I'm like, just doing my own race radius.
Did they lock it out?
I drove all the way and pulled my Irish last night.
Oh, what a smart move that was, boy.
It must have been a real fun trip back.
They dragged it out all the way over there too.
Did they really?
Yeah.
So why didn't you drive to Orlando?
Or Fort Pierce.
You know, you got a great bar up there in Fort Pierce.
You could have had a hell of a time.
The, uh, the, all drive in.
Boy, there's some big oversteers up there too.
Yeah.
That's right next to the Roach Motel, by the way.
Very big.
Well, then, right?
You have.
Yeah, you haven't had a great night.
I enjoy that performance.
I'm in.
I ended up having a, well, you know, I'm going to listen to, I put the TV on the hood.
And don't you know you're supposed to stay here because it was blacked out and Rick and Hank had it here on WIOD?
I know that.
We mentioned at at least a hundred times yesterday on this stage and you're supposed to stay here and listen to it.
Yeah, well, I listened to him on the radio and for the play by play from the radio for the TV because I couldn't hear the TV.
Great.
But then, you know, then they said that we're going to be on fire.
Oh, wait a minute.
Now, you said you put the TV on the hood of your car?
Yeah.
What a night this guy went.
And the generator kicking out.
And he got a room stop.
We run a different strobe.
So what did you do while you were there?
Just listen to it on the radio.
I informed my.
I just had driving home with me to it.
Excellent. But that was good.
It was fun.
You know, it was interesting.
Yeah, this could be probably the dumbest off-man of all time.
It's great. You realize that you're in a special class.
Yeah, I know.
Well, that was good.
I'm proud of you and I hope that you didn't take it personally, right?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, when they get beat bad, you don't have to feel bad.
I thought it's great.
That's it.
I had to wheel note that.
Yeah.
Okay, well listen, have a great day.
We'll tell Rick and Hank you said so.
All right.
Can you imagine weaver today boy?
He must be foaming it up.
Uh, um, must be apple plucked.
Mm hmm.
I mean, they just, they just, some of these games aren't even in them.
You know what I'm saying?
Like last night, it was just desperate.
Horrendous.
It wasn't one of those that we'd like touch and go and they made some stupid mistake in blue.
They just got blown out.
Oh.
But we don't want to dwell on that at all.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't even want to mention it.
Indeed, Kathy, there's an open line 751WIOD.
Anything you want.
You don't have to be talking about the ratings if you want to call in and bitch about Paul Harvey not being on.
I mean, especially welcome.
No, seriously, what I'd like to hear from and I know this is asking a lot are the WIOD listeners who didn't listen to our show before.
Okay.
And we've had a few of those.
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
During the first six days of the show.
And today is number seven and we are counting.
Yes.
And wait, it's incredible.
We keep running into people that have never heard you ever in their whole life.
It's astounding.
And thank God for that.
Wow.
Okay, 1045.
I have a little indigestion because we're not having any lunch today.
We want to be on our best behavior.
I had breakfast at Burger King.
Okay.
Wow.
I had two bacon and cheese croissants.
Boy, you really know how to live.
And my iced tea, which I'm still sipping on the iced tea here.
And I think the iced tea is what's giving me this terminal heartburn.
So we have no food in here today.
We want to pacify everybody because Mike Disney came back yesterday and we want to at least one day give the appearance that we're trying desperately to keep the food out.
We're not.
But we want to make it look good.
Okay.
Because our lunch on this show is probably the most important part of the show.
And if he doesn't know that yet, that's his problem.
He'll learn it.
He'll learn it the tough way.
And where he made the big mistake, he said, well, let's keep that food out of there.
All along, I'll tell you what, I'll leave it up to Mitch.
Mm-hmm.
Well, let Mitch Ween have the final word.
He's our chief engineer.
And after all the nice things I've said about Mitch since we've been here.
Yeah.
He couldn't possibly come in here and say, keep the food out.
He just isn't that kind of guy.
Well, it's interesting to me it's bill didn't seem the least bit concerned about it all.
I still might come back yesterday.
And just like jumping through.
Why is it became a madman?
He was in your grab of the box.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He went nuts yesterday.
He did.
Coral Gables.
Hello.
Yeah.
Mr. Rages.
Yes, sir.
A few years ago you played a record called Decreputating Contest on another station.
Yes.
Do you remember that?
Well, as a matter of fact, this may be a psychic of some kind.
Yeah.
Because just yesterday a friend of mine who I gave a tape of that to a virgin clean cassette.
You're kidding.
Mentioned to me that he still got it and he's going to give it to me.
So what we're going to do is we're going to run it by Bill Y.
So to speak.
Yeah.
Let him listen to it.
And if he says it's okay, we'll play it in a few days.
I wonder where I could buy that record.
Well, you can buy it from Betty's rare records in Louisville, Kentucky.
We know I don't have the number handy right here.
But when we play it.
Yeah.
We'll dig up the number for Betty or the address and we'll give it on the air.
Because what happened is when we've played it before we had a run on people.
Again, you pardon the expression.
We had a run on people who wanted a copy of it.
And so we got the address and she had tons of orders for it.
Yeah, but I believe if you call Louisville information, Betty's rare record.
They can give you the number.
I think that's how we got the bill.
Louisville, Kentucky.
Yeah.
And she's a great lady.
Yeah.
I heard that record many, many years ago.
As a matter of fact, I think I thought to show when I was in the Battle Creek go a thousand years ago, you know.
And I enjoyed it very much and I still enjoy it.
You mean when I was in Kalamazoo?
Yeah.
Are you serial?
I'm serial, yeah.
Boy, you must be my oldest listener.
I don't mean oldest in terms of height.
I understand, yeah.
You know, I was a station over there in that battle hospital.
Yeah.
Well, thank you very much.
I enjoy your show very much.
Okay, don't eat too much of that serial now.
I don't know.
Okay, it's good.
I'll be cabbage for you.
Yeah, bead.
Wow.
Yeah, there's a big story behind that Kellogg's breakfast serial.
Is there?
Yeah.
There really is, which I'm not going to go into today.
I don't need to.
But the original invention by Kellogg.
Oh.
Yeah.
Was to stop people from doing certain that we won't discuss today.
Yeah, right.
No, seriously, I'm not making that up.
So if you've been eating an awful lot of serial lately and you feel sexless, there's probably a pretty good reason for it.
Okay, let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
It's going.
I'm just curious what it gloves do.
Gloves 94.
Let's see, 12 plus.
They went from a 2-9 to a 3.
So they were kind of flat in the morning.
Greg and Donald in 12 plus.
Let's see if we can find the page.
They went from a 3-2 to a 3-1.
In any 25 to 54, they went from a 5-1, I think, to a 4-4, did I say?
Yeah.
4-4.
Sounds like the floundering, doesn't it?
Oh, come on now.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
Well, they haven't called, but they will.
They've extended the fig leaf of friendship or something.
Right.
Now that you're not on there.
Yeah.
When did the next trans come out?
I'm curious to see what's going to happen to Veda from 10 to 2.
From 10 to 2?
Yeah.
Or you mean 6 to 10?
Well, even 4 to 6 to 10, too.
I tell you.
I think, you know, he's really got Dave's got a hard job over there right now.
Yeah, he's got a chance for it.
I found my Kim and John really good long, that great.
Maybe they don't really do, but.
I think they're just having a little fun.
Oh, yeah.
While it lasts.
You do that.
Yeah, really.
That's what they keep talking.
It sounds like the breakfast club we visited.
It's temporary.
Yeah.
Like, you know, today was like what, ground zero or whatever.
I think, you know, they're waiting any moment to be canned.
Are you sure?
Oh.
Well, it sounds like it's the way they're talking and they were so depressed today.
I felt like I said, hey, you know, come on, guys.
Yeah, cheer up a little bit.
It's only a job.
Really?
Okay, well listen, we'll check it out for you.
Okay.
It'll be about a show and I'll be a loyal WIOD listener.
That's not what the big rating you and I want to see will be in about a month.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, you know, there won't be any other station on, even on FM.
Okay.
Okay.
By bye.
By bye.
1050, 10-11 at WIOD.
1055.
No wonder Herman and McVean have been so cooperative with us.
You know, we've beaten their butts.
Seriously.
12 Plus.
we had a five five they had a two six wow more than does so they're just delighted
that we're over here man this is probably in fact I'm gonna go in today we
ought to like ask for double what getting 50% from the AM and 50% from the FM they
were out of their way you know how that worked okay homeless did hello
hey now hi I am our first time WIOD listener great I'd never even heard of my
cronely before I didn't know well your life is gonna change now let me see
uh... let me know how patty my dad patty Murray who just a delightful young lady
who's got a stopping so sensitive about me let's see patty is on when uh...
afternoons time to kill well what do you mean uh... to this who does to this
it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just relax okay don't get
I'm not I don't mean you man I mean the bird over here's getting hysterical I'm not either
I just could literally said tend to just relax give me a chance to find it here well
yes she did uh... well uh... four five to a two seven I guess the whole station had
one of those statistical things good sounds good doesn't it anyway how does that compare
to what uh... to the other uh... market well it's sit down you know what can I say let's see
three to seven eighteen to thirty four I'll find a good demo for patty if it kills me not
now look at this she had an eight in uh... twenty five and eighteen to thirty four
Chris that's down from a twelve four but you know nothing is perfect and it's good it is a
gigantic number yeah and still being the you know daylight set of just about everybody
yeah twenty five to fifty four from three to seven GTR head head a uh... who
finds them to a two nine hmm like I said it just wasn't a good month you know what I'm saying for
them over there next door but remember these are only trends yeah it's just one month these aren't
the book uh... let me get you this kind of stuff like and uh... send you a text of the commercial
oh great it's uh... just w i o d my m e
three three one four one and be sure for my name on it okay i appreciate it thank you thank you
and by the way the rest of you free loaders out there haven't got your checks in the mail and I was
wrong we actually had them three checks which is still embarrassing yesterday uh... thirty bucks
in twenty five the Janet Cowan left us fifty five dollars that's that's pathetic uh...
you do that in the first two envelopes it's data and that was a station with a you know marginal
audience okay so uh... get those checks in the mail for committal sousa do something worth a
while and something positive at this time of the year uh... whether you know if you can only
afford five or ten bucks we understand that if you're one of the big shooters can afford fifty
or hundred it's all tax deductible and make it out to committal sousa and send it to neo-rodgers
w i o d my m e three three one four one and let's start to get in the show on the road with that okay
another mobile in my m e hello hey uncle nilly you built the in my m e hey you don't buy
i gotta tell you something that happened to me on friday night it was great i was having dinner at
this little eatery in like west kendall yeah i won't mention the name uh... there was a bunch of
eight days sitting at a table near us we're having a little birthday party for my little twenty
after-old daughter and one of them said something to uh... my wife about coming over to the party
that we're having at our house after we're having a little bird oh great i think i said you guys
you guys wouldn't want to come and they say well why not i said well uncle nilly was going to be there
all right i said neo-rodgers you go oh no
uh...
uh...
and uh...
and then the waitress comes up to me and says you know uncle nilly i said yeah i'm
stand major i'm very good friends you go you're not stand major i says yes i am
she says no you're not i said how do you know i'm not you go them uh... uh... with the tom jica
yeah tom jica's wife yeah she was our waitress i'll be damned i'll lovely yell yeah that'll
teach you to try to go on being a uh... impersonator you know what i'd say i'd smoke the guys like uncle uh...
stand i used to bring them to them every now and then well i'm not coming to your house either then okay
well i won't light them up all right we can look at them they're real big well it goes to show you that
i perform another cubic service in this town all you got to do is scare away the old prunes as
made for my name and a scatter like fruit fly it was incredible by the way how was your dinner at the
depot the other night dinner was great well i'm glad you enjoyed it it was excellent in the
steve and tom and the bird now we all had a great time did the bird like the bird see say sir
sensationally give him a little cuddle bone i like the little trains that ran underneath your
plates that great that was the only guy ever saw reaching in trying to pick people out of him yeah
listen have a great day and say hi to miss his tom for me uh... we'll do bye bye okay well this
has been a great first hour man so i'm song and i'm harry here to tell you about a special place
just to show you the time from New York is the poke nose let's go that's where i want to go
i can't have a from it all that was that in the poke nose he can feel that big
i love that stuff way shuffled boy did you wish i got a nine go for Saturday punch
all for the food on top of your tits i hope it's kosher in the poke nose like that and
but till camel back in worship manly and shoney they've even nicked on it no let's rock and press
out oh relax the poking in the poke nose we'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show
really totally all that love in the poke nose get a heart shape time
you're for the champagne shit by the pool and act like a shop let's get the trick to get me a nice girl
over by the exercise club excuse your pain the poke nose guy top and buck hills camel back in
worship manly and shoney don't forget making rain no my blood and let's go
oh relax the poke in the poke nose we'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show
with Tony all and oh in the poke nose let's go if i get this i don't i get my tits
in the bag with the water never dead okay and by the way they're having a two for one
special i'm pulident at the same use of fate of day so check that out it's 1107 at wiod
then you run your show hour number two on a two-day and man i'm telling you the show is flying
by so you better catch it better grab it all right while you can i'm fine are you okay yeah
you trust and would you all arrange yes and we certainly want to thank the entaged staff at wiod
and gtr for leaving two sodas wow in the refrigerator can you believe that you're for radios
as member florist came yesterday with food and a bag of sodas and they left two sodas in the
machine and i'm proud of them and proud of them i'm really excited okay it's 1107 and let's go
back to the calls and boy here strange here today we have one open line in brown or did
nobody are cuz they hang up before the news and then they come back by themselves which is a
miracle in brown or five two four wiod will go to bulk hello oh nale hi Glenn hi hi i've got a
a question about the rating but i have a suggestion i'm sorry for you i think surely before you
left the data you had a call not the struggling lady but you had a call from a lady that
the whole way through it's just hilarious she was quiet on top of what she wanted to say which
was totally irrelevant to anything but day was giggling in the background everybody was having a
good time you have that it you remember it was a recorded call can you give us it was i don't have it
okay um i have a my only dissenting both rio d you're being on io d uh i like to tell
when you i and zeta i like your material i like the way you're able to handle yourself now on
io d better but on zeta it allowed me to listen to lrn at eleven o'clock oh yeah now i have
a bunch of buttons the question i have yeah did the list lrn's ratings on there sure where would they
stand it well i don't think they would stand i think they might fall down yeah they probably would
um do they show up in here i don't they don't show up no they don't show up they're public
radio yeah they don't they don't show them i don't want to get a tm i i'm thinking of
another sued station okay tm i know wl already isn't with them because it's not a commercial station
and obviously they don't sell advertising because they always talk when they had their pledge weeks
and stuff they talk about their high ratings and stuff high ratings in one i have no idea well it's
just like channels too they don't rate channel two do they know public public radio public tv well
anyway welcome to io d's been a pleasure the last couple years i've listened to you now continue
thank you sir you're wonderful american we appreciate it okay bye good day
i love it oh nine at w i o d i got it i got to find time don't let me forget to read the letter from
harby from kendall yes and then there were a couple of other interesting things the mail is starting
to pick up i will confess and look at this here's a car the postcard johnny depth and it was sent to
us from an advertising agency in pemberk pines and uh johnny says hey i just wanted to make sure you
had our new fording address mm-hmm we settled in and we really like our new digs so drop by sunday nights at
seven johnny depth i'll be there for those who are uninitiated johnny was on our show on zeta for
three and a half hours on a what was it Tuesday morning whatever the hell it was Monday morning
Tuesday morning i don't know he was that uh i think the inquire that he and he's a great guy he
and Jennifer gray have moved into yet have they really yeah Jennifer uh great i won't hold it again
after okay and then here's the thing to nieland glenn welcome back to a m boys love and lust bianca
look at that i like to say we're starting now to get some of the material that we used to get when
we're on a m at wins by the way did we do a sufficient number on wins did we really go over them
uh 25 to 54 for example huh you love this don't yeah i sure do because they deserve very bit of it
okay in the morning two one to a two three they actually went up see one thing we don't do is we
don't make them up we don't lie about them and i know some of the people of gt are going to be
foaming at the mouth about us because they had a little down trend but uh the trend we just give
them you know we just give them as they are and uh we can't lie about them i'm sorry okay or we
can't say oh well gee we don't have that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
just doesn't sell uh uh who am i looking for wins oh man midday 25 to 54 a one whoo as in this one okay
this one in midday three to seven wait a minute let's see if we can find it when it be something
is they to beat them they did uh uh from a one seven to a one eight wow and from seven to midnight
again this is 25 to 54 wion z the all-snew station oh man did these are so this is twerk net
octane two one to a two three seventeen in the market so they're not exactly doing it you know
they got geriatric demographics on the a m and invisible demographics on the f m but at least
they're consistent right well isn't the rule of thumb now is when zeta beach you you're in
trouble you're in big trouble when zeta beach it's time to turn us the choney gone music okay
plummet its past 11 at w i o d we're going to get to the call in just a second uh for just a
second i thought even pom beach was lit up but they weren't were there so did they ever been lit up
now they have but they don't hang on at least got you ready for a show six five five w
see harvey you're so confused baby you're under so much pressure you don't even know your name
anymore it was always harvey from candle oh now it's harvey of candle another we're back on a m
wouldn't you know we get a letter from harvey of candle who writes to kneel nelson befelder
he can't get my last name right rogers you know if these people out there think that's a dig when
they use my real name you know like uh milton burl changes name the jack bennie and most almost
everybody in show business who had a very difficult real name changes their name but somehow they
find that by writing to nelson that it's just like a wound you know to the heart like i really could
hear and it here he writes kneel in parentheses nelson uh by way of your chronic groupy hangers on
who have nothing to do when you switch stations but harass me at my business i heard you move
he heard we moved he heard it through the great yeah okay harvey of candle i guess i missed the
local blurbs as i was out of town and business when the news came out i guess i'll have to continue
to hear from you in this syrup to his manner as i haven't heard your show for almost a year
frozen dial yeah do you still do the sweet and low stick how is working with mr. sincerity
while i'm looking forward to your next career move as the x-rated messages your groupies leave
our real grin perhaps king could take them all and send them to george collin or the fcc
break a leg literally love you harvey and then he writes as a close script here we go if the
bird is still hanging on to your co-tails give him my best cackle cackle glenda that harvey
oh what a scythe humor harvey i knew you wouldn't let us down okay baby and i know you're listening
right now in spite of all your protestations mr. frozen dial yeah never listened on fm yeah
well it's because he's too stupid to find it that's right and of course the one fan that he was
able to find in town the big fan was uh uh Howard Kleinberg over there at the mime news right
and look what it did for them April wore the misunderstanding by now with a w i rubbed in their nose
oh no we should i mean to be able to go up like that under those conditions in the last month
i hope that the upper level management over there at zeta just um just takes all these numbers and
sticks them in their ear okay or wherever they fit 22-tail new to w i o d and we have a thing here a
cassette from jamerica it's called i won't miss a day oh um which this ought to be good sounds
probably i'll give it to you during the news and we'll play it next hour okay in a million
hell plan yeah welcome to w i o d thank you so much sir uh listen wouldn't that program wouldn't
that station really round out pretty good if they had somebody like Debbie Ellis in there maybe
oh yeah it would round out the whole building would round out if they had Debbie Ellis could play
I've worried that yeah uh maybe if they cut out a little bit of man's it's in the gaki at night
and kind of slip there in there for a couple hours slip there in there yeah i think it worked out
well i'll tell leaf hour you said so okay yeah okay it's probably the world's number one Debbie Ellis
figure yeah oh well well i see only time i'll have a listen to Alice over there in any way is
when she gets on there with him what is it you you get off on her voice or something i don't know she
have you ever seen have you seen those tons of fun don't have any big steve commercials of her
no i haven't seen her well they can seal it very well well she comes across pretty good on a radio
that's true good good sense at you over and uh she does some pretty good topical stuff yeah well
everything is relative you know what i mean yeah yeah when especially when steve has got uh
what's his name on there uh oh yeah you know oh what did i do with that i got Steve schedule for
the rest of the month you're just gonna go nuts oh i'm gonna freak out i'm gonna read it yeah
as soon as we say goodbye i'm gonna read it too you're gonna pass out all right i just want to
wish you guys best of luck thanks a lot appreciate it and say hi to Debbie yeah okay bye bye
thanks bye and speaking of topics now we do have an open line in vocal where we just hung up
278 wiod i'm not gonna give the Palm Beach line that's a waste of time yeah no steve has got some
pretty uh amazing shows on i didn't i did not hear i wonder why i didn't hear yesterday
he had the july well oh she had not shown up that's right i wonder why that is yeah it came late
because i was in the building to think anyway steve has open phones today
oh which is uh good i wish he had more open phones i don't want i don't i'm not gonna
interfere in steve's show and i don't want people calling and i is trying to run your show
i have nothing to do with that but i think that these guests see remember when i came to that
conclusion about two years ago year and a half and i decided that when you have a guest on
no matter who it is you immediately turn off a certain percentage of your potential audience
for example when you do baseball cards and i'm not saying that to pick on steve but
no seriously stop and think about it for a minute how many people are interested in that
not maybe five percent three percent of the whole audience and if that's three percent how many of
them are going to be listening on that particular day so you really do with these topics and
these guests blow out a lot of people but be that as it may steve has open phones today tomorrow he's
got the official english post-mortem on the uh english language referendum mark la porta and bob
bluer no not again are you serious mark la porta yeah for the eight million time at mark la porta
and like i said the other day i believe english is the language of this country and we shouldn't
have to keep wasting time arguing about it but people that want to carry it to a
just to a fanatical degree man these people i think are really you know off the off the wall
that's the nicest thing i can say speaking of off the wall Thursday on a cane show
upcoming movies with uh oh uh oh
i'm trying to get to it yourself with Roger Hurlberg of the Sun Sentinel
Joe Adler film producer and jack 30 of the weekly news now you're going to break that mic okay
he's very expensive electrified my past out just try to control yourself
and the next monday the 21st anti-game minister Roy masters another contrived debate with
bob quinst gay activist bob will be making his 90 second appearance this month on a cane show
next monday and then Tuesday now this is the show that we've all been waiting for spike and mic
talk about how they run this ship that's still wise and mic Disney says two to three maybe longer yeah
oh mr. Disney why did you think of ball harby so much for that foul mouth douche bag we love Alan
birds yeah not to see now don't pick on the dean will you cut that out
god almighty just because the whole rest of the station went up and he went down is no reason to
pick on the dean the dean is a friend of wild just to remember those words okay words to live by
okay we have a dinner invitation on seven which will dispense with now hello
yes Neil yeah i represent what are the restaurants that you have on the pasta cookoff on that
other station oh yeah which one uh wouldn't want to mention the name i don't want the plug i just
invite you to dinner well how do i come to dinner if i don't know what right
well i do it off the earth for you do i just guess i'll do it off the earth so you don't have to have
all the people coming in to town an oil you'll do it off the air yeah i don't want the plug i just
want you to come in and have a meal really really now did i say good things about your pasta
you said good things about all the past is not just like you have come in try meal sitting down
and i have to yeah well i usually do try meal sitting down yeah well i don't want to have
the expensive equipment there you know especially a pasta yeah it's kind of like moldy and
mong and yeah the oil and the garlic bread yeah okay listen i'll put you on hold and i'll let the
Nick take the information and we'll see what happens okay okay thanks Mark okay hold on okay he's
on seven well that's exciting isn't it is it and your sandwich is coming because i'm not eating
i'm serious i'm not what i'm going to do for a few days he's i'm going to lay low on that on the
air okay you better cover yourself according all right and i'm going to be having a little breakfast
at burger thing see this is the routine that i was in at wins when we were doing tend to two i remember
remember almost every morning i'd stop at that burger king on the pines the one in pepper pines
i got about and i'd get a the same thing all the time two croissant sandwiches with bacon and cheese
one is not enough okay right two of those and a big iced tea with sweet and low of course and
that would be it and that's all i would eat till dinner time and then of course they started
bringing the food in a turn of havoc and i stopped getting breakfast yeah and the yaw used to
all i remember in those days yaw used to be so rested when you came in in the morning you know
and i think you're going to return to that be realized hours are so civilized okay anyway so
let me read you this little item out of the inquire i really okay decide this is brief this is
out of the new national choir it says marlin brando i thought you were going to say marlin
vali marlin brando excepted a lady friend's invitation to use her private sonna not realizing
the thing was the size of a small closet the door jammed as he tried to exit and three hundred and
fifteen pound marlin was stuck three hundred and fifteen what it says the star struggled for more
than twenty minutes before he finally popped out like a cork i like that i just in vision i
was wally cons with him it didn't didn't say okay now i got this really cute birthday card from
Craig Worthing over w snooze and it's i don't want to minimize it because it's really cute but it is
mammiograph i seriously look at it it's the first mammiograph birthday card i've ever had my life
and it's not dirty it it makes i'm gonna read it on the air it starts out like it's gonna be something
you're gonna have to dump a don't panic okay on the front it shows the dog leaning on the birthday
cake and it's even got a little tweety bird on its foot there and it says a birthday riddle
what six inches long it has two nuts and you open it up and he's eating away and it says an almond
joy of course candy bar of course isn't that cute well Craig said it's a thought that counts not
that card not to the fact that it's mammiograph i don't times your tough Craig but that's that's
it's eleven fifty ten till noon at wiod
you'll restore your thing out so we remodel it how you doing now great
congratulations on the move to the wonderful aisle of donkeys to call it thank you we're so
delighted to be here man we're just rolling around in it we're so happy
you're talking about Sally Fitz and i was watching the news class again that a couple of
friends and i we started watching the news so the heroes screw up yeah but last week she reported
on uh... the death of john Mitchell if he uh... made a comment that john Mitchell was a
far more time it turned general for the regular administration and uh... just
fully going into the commercial for the regular administration exactly i don't
see the affordions
but before you're going into commercial but he came back and corrected itself but
i mean he you know how she gets all shook up by that tricky
uh...
is there any uh...
i don't know how
is her an it's so i don't think so the word is no now i don't think so i think i saw him the other
day here it's incredible i can't wait till i see Sally face the wall well she's not an
item i think she's still on that station i don't think i don't think there's no reason
that that's only conclusion i could draw well maybe she's got some inside info you know what i'm
saying i think in congratulations i've always been i um...
eightful listen of yours from the way back when and we'll continue to do so well we
appreciate it and don't let anybody put you down for it okay in spite of what they say you've
got good taste thank you very much thank you for Sally man she gets more abuse we all
invite out to come on the show one day we ought to just abuse her right here in the studio
i interviewed her one time did you hear that uh... uh...
i'll tell you who's pretty good over there's your beach killer you know i don't know if she's
still there she may have worked she may have left mariana marciana's over there
mariana mariana marciana marciana oh you might be preparing to do the news again
and i forget whoever's got your mom out there a virgin copy we've got to have that
back so we can do a little a bird can you got me into the mindset the
the the thinking along those lines look at that notice how they're starting to
drop off because it's close to the news this is a i'm telling you this is not a
dumb audience over here slow but not dumb and they understand when it gets close to
the top of the are they they scatter like flies like fruit flies they come back
and then as soon as we come back after the news they start coming back again
boy you close our really sharp is a month's ability to do that on that
them in my news was like two minutes well no in the beginning they didn't do it on
fm it took them months to figure out you know when the news was coming up
i went on one of those long breaks was coming yeah and we did have a lot of
business on the year over there too which i guess to stir them because they
didn't know how to handle it they didn't like it we were sold out for months
and we don't want to do so our great we don't want to spend weeks and weeks
ripping the crap out of the management of uh w's et a w i n z
over at guy gannett broad chasing but uh what can i say some people basically upper level
management there a bunch of douchebags and especially at the corporate level up in portland
main they give new meaning to the word douchebag okay i think everyone knows that he and
therefore pure panical uh mindless pretens you know some people have trouble dealing with success
i'm not the fact well no i said way back on a m that their whole thing there was mess with success
the more successful you were the more they would try to interfere with your show and give you a rough
time the people who like always failed who had minuscule numbers they loved them because they could
relate to them they loved them they love them alone they would just uh and they would never get
canned shall we say the statement that i said one day on the earth i got them apaparkh they gravitate
toward mediocrity they freaked when i said that i think i got too close to the truth
you hit a one nerve they grab it all forward mediocrity like i have never seen they love mediocre
they like those ones man and i'm yeah uh that mike uh what's his name in the afternoon
mike um why lines um could be in trouble because in 25 to 54 he left over a two he had a two three
and they make it real nervous about that because they like those ones yeah he may be gone okay let's
get this pember pines calling here hello yeah hey i was going great um egg line hi i just want uh i
listen to waxing on the way to school this morning wow boy you are desperate well the only reason
i was switching channels because there was nothing else on and i heard that john bozer was on
and they were talking to him about the game and don shul and everything and he is the most
rudeest most sarcastic person i've ever heard really yes i mean people were asking him good questions
like what does don shul is saying is he cool done you know half time everything you know he was
talking is if we were supposed to know you know because we are looking at nothing else during the
game but don shul is yeah i should know if he's cool well what does that tell you listen i got to run
but uh have a great day and don't make that mistake again okay all right okay all right
better days are coming yeah bye bye that's what shul says better days are coming and boy we hope so
okay listen have a great lunch we'll be back at 12.05 after the news are there abouts in this
stick around i forget steve with open phones this afternoon at two on wio d
or d they're eating they're eating 12.07 at wio d and what can we do it can't stop the food you
know i would have no intention of eating the day and the bird even sent out for a sandwich in
herby's chicken ranch in north minibiche has sent by incredible chicken and fries
and all kinds of good stuff and hot sauce and soda and we want to thank them profusely they're at
170 15 that's 17015 west xe highway north minibiche herby thanks a pile okay they got all kinds
of overstuffed deli sandwiches and rotisserie chicken which we got here in chicken wings and chicken
soup and chicken puppets and i mean it's if it's chicken man they got it okay herby's chicken
ranch we thank you profusely and we're having a good time with it okay and somebody hasn't come back
which evidently means he's having one hell of a good time do we have that thank you to up Nick do we
have that jane jamerica thing we better not do it though this half hour let's do it after 12.35
because this half hour goes by real quick you know what i'm saying like real fast okay let's go
back to the calls Miami hello hi hi how are you i'm doing good i i'm i'm calling to wish you
lots lots of luck thank you we appreciate them and i'll be calling you every day every day yes
why is that because i want to okay i know it won't improve dawn's sugar but what can i say about
that you want to pick on dawn no okay no i don't he's filling he's filling pretty bad now
yeah he's already depressed enough i don't see the connection well i i want the dolphin yeah
what's that got to do with calling this show every day well just because i don't have anything
better to do me and i've been trying to call and call i didn't you know i i'll just wait patient
what is that mean you couldn't get through yeah that's what i mean well that's great and you're still
okay yeah my ears a little sore that you know it's been a pretty rainy day over here yeah okay well
listen your calls are obviously going to be an important part of the show every day i might
out boring no well pretty close well non-sequitors come to mind i don't know why boring non-sequitors
but you're good you're okay you're okay in our book okay let's let's not overdo it today
i won't say the good stuff for tomorrow okay okay i'll store up some okay okay it sounds like
you're already letting some of it out okay have a good day now bye bye now that great
it's a 10 10 past 12 at wlod that great that's the word i don't understand what does that mean do we
have a new format for this hour nick there's nobody in there they did it went to get the chicken okay
they did it and ran out i'll be damn man we see we do this to ourselves what does that mean
live at 20 don't we do a thing in 24 did we clean up the log here what what's going on do you know
you're not talking to me do we do a break at 12 i haven't got any of the federal looking there
and there's no that would be great yeah it's good we'd be on automatic pilot okay all right let's
get a lot of calls in while he's out of the room a pember time hello Neil yeah how you doing great
i'm just think of the dog today why what's wrong with him oh flew everything yeah that flu bug is
going around man it's been just i've had like the edges of it for about four or five days you know
what i mean like a little scratch and throat and i've been just hoping like crazy i don't get it
because everybody i know is gone and i was playing here feeling nauseous and i started thinking
of the deep cane show yesterday that that'll do it to you oh who is that little piano
bitch that on there man what's that you know means you do you do you yeah duty yeah she's one of
my favorites i thought i'd get out of bed and driving down there and slapping around that would have
been a good idea yeah i bet you didn't have the strength to do it yeah you okay now yeah i'm
feeling better good i'm all i got a lot of coding and stuff yeah that'll do it for you i'm just
really what's really good in some parts of town they take these coding animals man it's fantastic
all right thank you about it all right can i say hi to denay yeah all right i denay okay i think
right okay see i bye and that was good one and where the hell did he go
took off man he heard chicken and he took off like a bad out of hell he went to get chicken see that
i told you finally found something that's right i'm telling you one thing these white people
and chicken man they go crazy don't they what the hell am i throwing that out for i'm not
sure eating it it's like i got a guilty conscience or something yeah now could i ask you a stupid question
Nick did they change this hour around because are we not we are not oh i see thank god for that
so we're not doing a break in 12 is that what you're saying this is the kind of no rick weaver 24
there is you what what are we going to do a four-minute spot at 20 i don't understand what that means
he's writing it on here okay rick at 21 19 well he saw that chicken it just freaked out
I was writing hieroglyphics and um look at that he can't even get it straight none i rick at 19
that sounds like that show that the james at 15 yeah are you making a mess on the table there again
you're going to get us in uh in in tight quarters yet but i cleaned it up
but you keep i'm telling you you're right on the edge you didn't clean it up that's a mess
feel like this is like the odd couple or something here that's pathetic well i should be on
newspaper and let me do that yeah you should be on newspaper okay like on the inquiry
uh that perfect this is the only show in america where we have to do bird training before we
continue with the program just do it on your papers okay and quit making a mess on our beautiful
beautiful table that mitch is going to bop you over the head okay let's see we do pember pines
let's go to my emmy hello hi hello yeah great i'm really glad i found you guys what do you mean by that
i went away about two weeks ago i was going for ten days yeah and i knew you guys were leaving
data but i come back and we're not there anymore yeah thank god it's pretty loud but anyway i'm glad
i found you guys and uh that's about it just lots of luck here how did you find this was it different
how about that how about that what a surprise what a surprise and a fight for being like in the dark but
with danger where is he oh he's still there oh he is yeah we left him on the ship we left him on
the Titanic as it was sinking thank you guys have really good friends well we didn't have any
choice you know you can't take the whole family all the time you know that's like well bad did he
well i don't know if you can talk about it if he okay about staying there well they're a little
bitter or something what do you mean bitter he seemed to be okay now i think he i think he's fine
because at least for the time being he and john afford are like the top bananas there at least for
right now in the morning so i don't think he's bitter he's got a shot at it and whether it's
permanent or not remains to be seen you know what i mean yeah but i you know i i never understood
like they got way to you guys because no no wait they didn't get rid of us we left let's make it
very clear we told them goodbye and they said okay i thought they gave you a hard time because
they were into this rock format and we don't want to be music and you don't fit in yeah and we
couldn't coerce our listeners to listen to the crap that they're playing the rest of the day okay
see what i don't understand is they were pulling like one five or two's all day yeah if you were
the only bright spot so now what they're saying is it's going to improve our overall day to get
rid of you guys yeah it doesn't make any sense of course not it's the dumbest thing that anybody
ever heard of but then at least they're consistent okay don't i never saw anything like it my
whole life no and they did the same thing on am when they blew stand major out he was the biggest
thing they had going on am and they blew it up yeah yeah so they had to be consistently that the
only thing i really have against you guys oh and i'm sure there are a lot of people out there
yeah yeah that there's nothing to listen to in the morning oh you know somebody said that to
me the other day what do they want they want us on all day well just yeah i mean i guess if they
keep bringing food all day we could do it but enough is enough you know no it's okay i have to
listen to you guys at work and it's a good thing that people work for me so i can choose the
radius these exactly so they sort of clear out for it well but i get to listen to you guys but
there are a lot of people that did listen to you for drive time and now it's sort of like in the
middle of the day so they got to find you and all of that but well spread the word get that
sandwich board on and watch up in down the street there and let's spread the word and see
unlike you everyone else read it on the front page of the Miami Herald so i think they can find it
that's what i said i know i would be here but i would scare like my security blanket i mean you
aren't there in the morning and but the thing i do like is that you guys are playing all like the
great songs again there's this little biting edge and which is a lot of fun which is why i listen to you
like exactly this is why people you know the great miracle there were many miracles and i want to
sound like we're petting ourselves on the back even if we are but we work that's right we worked
under the most incredible technical duress for over a year with the worst crap equipment that
was ever ever invented even marconey was embarrassed by how primitive the stuff was in that room
in like in a little broom closet that was mostly uncomfortable and unwieldy and unworkable
secondly we were on a station and basically had no audience whatsoever you know and thirdly they
took away about 90% of our material and we still were going up in every book we still have
the friend come out today and we were at our highest number ever on there a five five that's
pretty fast under impossible condition do you imagine what we could have done if they would let us
alone no that would have been too easy for them yeah that would have made too much sense yeah but hey
you know at least you found the spot and there's no lookings out there for yourself well i'm glad you found
this so am i okay you have a half baby you too bye bye it wasn't that nice it was gonna be okay
she was like our perfect female caller you know what i'm saying i mean nobody is perfect but she
was as close to a demographics sound of her voice she was like pleasant happy a lot of human yeah
and living and breathing as opposed to how wow Neil where's Paul Harvey yeah by the way Paul
Harvey is gone okay he's gone and he ain't coming back ever so if you're one of those
geriatric fools who can't get through the day without Paul Harvey there's only one thing to say to you
go a day okay i love that okay my day all right i guess my new favorite okay let's take a
out of that top of the inquirer on the inquirer and i also noticed that they're starting to bang the
gong in a room next door starting to get really you worked up to a frenzy that's e-t-r well what can
i tell you they saw the book okay isn't it something and the great part of it is it's like that
was our final thing yeah at zeta in other words we can't go down because we're gone yeah so we left
there kind of like on a high note that's great mysteriously i have no idea why because the last
couple of months we did the worst shows in history and we still did well listen talking about
to doing well the melting pot is doing incredibly well all three of their low kick prop 23 at w io
d again one last thanks to her b's chicken ranch it was incredible great great it really was so we
allucked out again got another nice lunch here today somebody dropped out in brown it so if you move
quickly where somebody just hung up in brown or five two four w i o d this is a pleasure this
hour today isn't it things have opened up a little bit we don't have like all of that clutter and
hysteria and we can digest our lunch in peace boy this is great okay we have a Terry merrimon call
on three hello hi you're on a meal great you and bird i'm glad you're back on an a m your signals
first class and i'm glad you left the other stations so we can just proc all day long and make our
observations about what's going on in contemporary america without being cluttered by my wrong
role yeah i'm on my all i classic clock yeah hey i i i um i sent you a zero ox of uh bianca is a
client of mine i sent you zero i got it i'm going to zero ox because i wasn't sure whether
somebody else opens your mail if you open your mail if you open your mail personally now we open
it ourselves trust me okay then i'll send you i'll send you a color picture ever then unless it
looks like it's got a check in it then they open it of course i got a little bit you want if you
want the inside scoop one Terry merrimon i've got some for you really now what do you mean by the
inside scoop uh she's thirty two years of age yeah you want to get so many times she's
in married three four wow the last time she was married i just came down six months ago from
Philadelphia i escaped before the city uh imploded um and Terry did four years at the NBC affiliate
in Philadelphia and via to that she was from i think she came from Tennessee where she's a
graduate university of Tennessee with a banjo underneath uh-huh but something else underneath
her first marriage when she was seventeen she married a professor at university of Tennessee
one of his fifties um if you don't want to but i'll tell you why i'll tell you how um i'll tell you how
i'm a this i'm i'll give you my sources you want if you want backup sources no write this down
gale shister shifte who does the media column for the Philadelphia inquiry yeah we'll back it up and
so will Kevin Mulligan of the Philadelphia Daily news if you want to be one further but Terry's
last marriage she married an anchor a street reporter from the ABC affiliate wasn't that nice
merger and he's the ABC merging and uh she married him in January this past January in
tape main New Jersey and uh-telling moved to Florida in May so i guess that one didn't work out either
and she hasn't gotten married since she's been here i know well she's probably working on it for her
two strike cruise and all that's right find her in club new or something but so i want to tell
you guys Neil uh i was uh up in Philadelphia the only thing we've got is a bunch of uh-wmr a bunch
of like we just got these what we have is we have the competition of the six count them six simultaneous
morning zoos yeah and then there's of course Howard Howard of course then there's Howard who is
in a class all but or i should say a day cross all by himself yeah that's doing twillage of
and he gets tired real fast when i when i came down here um there's only one request i have if
you ever play ever you should i think that the one the the howl and Dale vice where where the the
classic character bust the old fart for carrying sweet and love i got i got to go to the bathroom
every time you play howl and Dale vice yeah by the way i think uh Howard came in number two in the
morning race and philly oh yeah he's getting deep by wm r john you know he's been there like
20 years or something yeah john developed in their cessation open yeah Howard's always ripping
john developed two and talking about how he's gonna eat him for breakfast in no way deep on yeah
no way de bella's got it because uh mr is an interesting little i mean a wattage wise it's an
interesting it's smaller than the big guys but uh they've been doing an underground that you must have
done a years ago Neil they were doing underground format michael kyrsons up there they sponsor a
they sponsor this if you heard about their lewee lewe parade they hold every year birth
yeah they have this thing worked yeah ten thousand people they hand out ten thousand kazoo's
yeah and everybody goes down the street kazooing lewe lewe and somebody swiped my kazoo by the way
used to be in this briefcase and they swiped my kazoo i used to have a good one yeah but uh i'm so
glad when i moved to my army i thought well god i'm moving from the fourth market in the country
to god knows what i'm gonna move to down here and i found he found this kazoo all right all right
well he's got a kazoo lewey lewe down it made me feel better you know but uh if i can help
him with any more inside scoop so i'll get him a line to you Neil well they were good and you
gotta admit that terry merriment is cute she's honk boy he's got the girl i want to get into that
street maybe show me on shally show today okay have a great day now yeah bye bye now what did he say
that he had to do every time he hears this
there two Miami cops with a hot new beast there on the street fighting grime
they fought and they had a gap space there
in hallowed male vise we have problem with the gray gang is it's dangerous
we sent it in at the group a senior citizen to win around trying to get the early bird special
after seven yeah the back of town let's go get him
yeah
stop it now
clean up the tree
hey ladies you can't cross there you'll have to cross in the light
yeah they're determined they're clean up this much
this is this
all right the terry you're under arrest
oh so now you're not asking my wife what's the charge
there's a powder i'm gonna first tell you that white stuff
yeah just a thought got over under bags in here
move what
wait a minute
when that restaurant you can't out of
let me go man
okay now you notice the male today
my kids male
yeah today and it's coming along and this is only the first wave
but the most exciting part oh my god from specks
gym and david unbelievable they have sent me a virgin copy
and it says if you ever need help locating those hard to find CDs give us a
call
gym and david at specks i thank you from the bottom of my
parts oh look at this it is a i'm even afraid to touch it it's
huh that's by human hands
a virgin copy oh it's got two cuts out of Kansas and
stand beside me and a word in Spanish with
elton john you're a mess look at you you've just fallen apart here
boy if we only had a vcr i'm happy that's not you right now
i'd be speechless for the rest of the show yeah thank you so much david and
gym at specks you guys are the greatest
in the history of mankind i'm gonna treasure this trust me nobody gets his
paws near that thing
see things are starting to happen already this is only our seven show
and it's just like old times and speaking of old time look at this looks like
there's a bunch of checks here for the Camila are look at the new couple
yeah a bunch one or two okay twelve thirty one at w i o d
and here's a call from the ws vn parking lot
hello now yes sir i'm gonna hide and i'm a splice man's buddy uh they
calls me the u.s. marshal yeah how you doing guy
great yeah over here i'll try to find you man how do i go about seeing you say hello
what do you mean how do you go about seeing me you don't
now come on guy what do you think this is is everybody walks in here
no i don't want to walk in and out i just figured say how do you and say hello
to my buddy's splice man and you know and the sd guys for a little while
great you know i'd like to you pal uh good
like to you come on you anyways i could have put a plugin for my company sure
anything you want if that will make you go away anything you want
nah come on i'm gonna go i'm gonna sit yo okay thank you
uh everybody out there listening and good auto security
uh we do uh top job alarms number six six two two five two
what else could you possibly want now oh this is great and i love it uh and uh
my buddy out there is splice man uh you're a real douchebag
so uh you're gonna let me in it's not up to us or fight up you guys we're kind of
sequestia now we don't have anything to say about it they don't they don't
just like people wanting to run off this right uh oh that's a very uh
desperate part of town you know what i'm saying well i don't think they'd let you
guys you know like let people in with food and i suppose if i walked in with
food yeah you walked in with food you'd be in here in a uh
band of an island but we already had lunch
uh cred but listen it's great here and from you and have a wonderful day
hey thanks a lot Neil okay bye bye boy isn't that something now they're in the parking lot
trying to muscle their way in okay twelve thirty three at wio d we have to be the
dolphin game last night the dolphin really made me sick to my stomach yeah they really
look good last night didn't i hold on i'm recovering well on
feel better now okay anyway how about your system now yeah okay anyway i want to
uh judge the gacking gym man is there that the most boom box there yeah i dropped my beer bottle
and Joe woke up anyway so i asked him um just kid it around i said um Joe i heard that
Neil was going to be a new broadcasting partner we placed him sunny you know i think
and he get a kick out of it he turned red he said which i'm sure no pun intended no
fact chance and then he said um wow watch the one or watch out the way he said it to me
and the guy turned red i couldn't believe it yeah Joe's getting a little emotional but he'll
get over it you know what i mean i'm up for him and look at this we've got a few checks for
criminals talk today and say over a hundred bucks uh huh which for this team crowd that's a
pretty good start he's uh he seems to be sensitive yeah Joe is a little bit sensitive but
you got to understand he's in an io d sports department and there's a lot of sensitivity there
man they're very emotional and especially with the kind of your the dolphins are having their
like on on the edge of their seats at all times now they're on pins and needles i guess there
anyway um yeah just on pins i think needles would not be the appropriate time i've been listening
to you guys for a while you know when uh listen to Steve Austin he ought to say i'll take
Neil on any time in the debate if i ever got together saying this and that and the first time
can i answer sir slow down a second i ask you a question sure see every time he would say that
and it would get back to me i'd always ask the person who relayed the message a debate about what
what is there for me to debate him about following how he said i'm here so used to doing these
contrived debates he thinks that life is a debate i know the day i have nothing to debate him about
when he got together he that Friday was like a little puffy cat he melt him can't bring all
over you exactly he loves this he loves this everybody's happy and i know that at that
disappoints a lot of the audience are a lot of people out there who are looking for another
hurrah-dote type fist fight but we're getting along great and he's been very kind and very gracious
and everybody here has been that way and it's been great yeah we're not we're not looking to have
a brawl on this station okay we like you know we like to have this little fun thing with the sports
department because basically some of those guys deserve it but generally speaking everybody here
gets along famously this is a real pleasant place to work and i'm not just saying that to be a
buttkisser because you know i don't do that but it really is everybody's great you're speaking
of brawl there's some great fights in the stands last night what that that was probably the most
exciting part of the game there wasn't on you yeah anyway who do you like in the ls u my m game
oh no come on you really have to ask me that you know one thing about the hurricanes and i don't
want to pick on them too much but what they do is in a big notice in the beginning of the season
they got like maybe two or three rough opponents and i say rough uh you know marginally and then
after that then we got Cincinnati and all these other vassar and uh you know a wrensilier
polytechnic girl school i mean it's really getting a little bit old yeah yeah i think i would
feel a give it to them anyway i'd like to say any and answer your dish bag okay and also for all
your people and braw it if you move real quick i'm hanging up right now okay oh boy that was good he
was one of our best calls wasn't he well he was he was like right into everything that's going on
i'm sorry he wasn't one of your little twinkies but um you can't have them all okay yeah he wasn't
one of those feeding Kate sound alike yeah he had his he had his good moments i like the josega
key story and you like the way hung up and if you go quickly and look at that they filled that line up
now now i think about you're right he was he was good now that's about it and i'm a yes man anyway
and i have to do that yeah i have to do that i have to do that i have to do that i have to do that
bird it would look on for this rare speedy uh oh yeah he was great new yeah he was he was a good guy
sounded like the kind of guy i'd like to get know it a lot better you know what i mean
1243 oh sure it's bound to be incredible but keep your finger on the button
i want to miss out there miss out there miss out there oh when channel crack come i got to listen to you
when all of the other silver driving me bananas
10 of crack come i got to listen to you he's got the greatest show for four things to her banner
when channel crack come i got to listen to you i want
miss out there miss out there oh when channel crack come i got to listen to you i want
miss out there miss out there oh when channel crack come i got to listen to you
near lots of people bringing in the food here oh tell you
i haven't
When you're not coming right now to listen to me.
Well, that's one of the all-time grades, isn't it?
Thank you, Jay. Could we cart that up?
Great.
Well, that would be great.
That would be great.
We'll play that every day.
Jay, America, who has done so much great stuff for us,
and I still say, I don't know why he's wasting his time.
This guy should be putting out commercial stuff, shouldn't he?
He's creative, great musician, and a wonderful all-around guy.
And I just don't know why he's not making millions of dollars out there.
But we appreciate it. We're going to milk him dry while we can.
And it's just great.
Okay, listen, April, Wortham and Stint, because overall, now let me get these,
we do have these numbers, and I want to, not like I'm standing up for Steve,
because we work here, but that is the reason.
But anyway, 12 plus, Alice had a 4-9 in his latest trend, and Steve had a 4-6.
So it sounds like he beat him.
But if you look at the demographics in 18 to 34, we already told you that Alice was deadlash,
and Steve had a 2-something, a 2-1, which is not a big number,
but again, it's an AM station.
And Alice had a 0.4, so there's no contest there.
In 25 to 54, Steve had a 4-9.
Alice had a 2-0.
In 35 to 64, Steve had a 6-6, and Alice had a 4-something.
So the only place where he beat him, he had this gigantic 65-plus demographic.
And I'm sure that Steve has tickled a death that, you know,
if he's going to get beaten somewhere, it's 65-plus, because I hate to say this,
but nobody wants that audience.
Nobody wants that audience, okay?
Even radio death doesn't want that audience.
So Alice, if you're going to try to play little games with the numbers,
it's not going to work, baby, because your audience is so old,
it's the ancient audience that doesn't have enough strength left to reach over and turn the dial, okay?
Those are the ones left at WS News.
And Sandy's got this, I didn't realize it, man.
She's been kicking some ass over there.
No, no, no, no, no.
12 plus, you've got a 5-1.
Yeah.
You will leave that.
Wait, you see, and this station had a 3-1 in midday, but of course the dean is gone.
But, and I bet her demographic's a ancient tomb.
Should we check it out?
Sure.
18 to 34.
Maybe she's right in there with Alice.
Wait, you see the next one?
18 to 34, WS News, while I haven't found them yet.
I'm still looking, Sandy.
Sandy.
0.8.
0.8, but I realize that's a young demographic.
I know, right?
Let's start at the bottom when you start.
I'm just going to be relaxed now.
I start to try to control yourself.
25 to 54.
These are the ages, by the way, for those of you two dumb to figure that out.
A WS News, let's see, just behind Zeta, Gonser Beatem, they had a 1-8, Sandy.
So what does that leave, basically?
I mean, she has a gigantic, geriatric audience, okay?
Here's somebody in Hollywood who wants to say hi to his dad.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
What do you think this is?
Is there some kind of a personal message, you know?
Sure.
I know why dad is listening, trying to try to understand what comes on top of everything he said.
Great. Well, like I said, your dad's a great guy.
Dad, can you call my dad, please?
What is his name?
His name is Ron.
Hey, Ron, you're a douchebag in our book.
Okay, baby.
All right, thank you.
Okay, you have a good day now.
We'll be doing it all by far.
I like these voices, man.
And here we are, the seventh day on the air.
We've already got these living and breeding people.
If I can borrow that from Captain Dave.
And it's incredible.
It's frightening, isn't it?
That's the word.
Seriously.
When they say that we can move an audience, man.
This show is a moving experience.
And believe me, Sunny Rosenberg and Helen Dale has got his finger on the radio right somewhere right now.
Well, I can't believe the book we had over there.
It's our going away book at Zeta, our highest number ever.
Highest position in 18 to 34s.
We kicked ass, beat everybody.
Beat everybody again in 25 to 54s with that 71.
And I know I'm repeating it over and over again.
But it makes you feel good, okay?
Because it makes you realize that you were like doing impossible things on a make-believe radio station that had virtually no measurable audience rest of the day.
And then when you tell them, hey, stick it in your ear.
We're not going to take your crap anymore.
They say, hey, okay.
Bye-bye.
Boy, boy.
They're glad to see us.
Yeah, they were delighted, man, because they like to be consistent.
They like, they were like their number to be like a straight line, okay?
Well, like about a one, two.
It's getting real.
Morning, noon and night.
And I got news for it.
They may get their wish.
Be careful what you wish for.
Okay, let's go to the...
Hembrick Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
What's happening?
Not too much, pal. We're just having a great time.
Yeah, here.
You had a good lunch. We're feeling great to show us, zipping along like lightning.
Yeah, I was wondering if you were ever going to have another student day.
Yeah, what day is the next holiday?
I think that we have not just coming Wednesday, which would be tomorrow, but the next Wednesday.
Yeah, for Thanksgiving, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But before Thanksgiving.
But don't do it then, because I'm going to be out of town.
Oh, well, when do you want us to do it?
Well, mark it on the calendar just for you, pal.
Okay, I'll probably get it back to you after, and you know, I'll tell you when I'm going to be back.
Oh, you know, where do you go to school?
I got a BCC.
Oh, the BCC?
Well, that explains it.
When you go to BCC, the world kind of revolves, you know, the way you want it to, right?
That's what everybody tells me.
Uh-huh.
Well, you know, I figured, you know, since, you know, I was the faithful student day call, are you?
You know, I might as well do it the way I want it.
We'll do it the way you wanted if you know what I mean.
Uh-uh.
And I have a question for Gwen.
Yeah.
Gwen, how many ends do you have in your name?
One.
Really?
I get asked that.
I think that's some of the frequent question I may ask.
Yeah.
Why would you ask a dumb question like that?
You sound like a really bright guy.
Well, I figured, you know, you know, not that many people really ask Gwen a lot of things.
Well, that's correct.
And that probably is one of the most perspicacious questions that's been asked in a long time.
Well, I figured I'd give Gwen as much action as possible.
Well, I hear that.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to send a little action this way, okay, pal?
Oh, yeah.
One more thing.
Yeah.
Could you call my friend Rick a douchebag?
Rick is a douchebag.
I know him personally and trust me.
If you look up douchebag in the dictionary, his picture is there, okay?
And as long as Gwen is on here, why don't you have him say it?
Rick is a douchebag.
Boy.
Thank you, Gwen.
You really want a lot.
Don't you think?
Okay.
Take care of yourself now, okay?
Bye-bye.
He was good.
He wants a lot.
But that's where it goes.
Boy, oh boy.
What is it?
Pressure showed today, wasn't it?
Hasn't it been?
Oh boy.
Speaking like it's in the past tense or something.
115 at WIOD.
What is their name?
His pizza in Jupiter will send a pie Thursday around noon time.
Now, you know how long it takes to drive the Jupiter?
From Jupiter, I'd say about an hour and a half.
About an hour and a half.
If the traffic's moving well.
And we'll reheat it in the WIOD microwave, right?
Yeah.
And it'll be fine.
Oh, it's going to be fine.
It's going to be fine.
Okay, it's 118 and we'll come back in a second.
Steve with open phones just afternoon.
Right now, I want to talk to you people.
137 at WIOD.
We got a mobile on Palm Beach.
Hello.
Dale, what's happening?
Wow, what happened in town?
Yeah, I love it.
Hey, Neil.
Am I doing the sawgrass?
Yeah.
Just got done, you know, right in a few letters.
And why, why you're on the sawgrass?
Yeah, cleaning out the car and I'm putting it to you.
And the activities are ideas for me, you know?
Yeah, so.
Well, you might want to sweep up some of those dead frogs in the sawgrass too while you're
out there, okay?
There's nothing out here, Neil.
I want them by myself.
Yeah.
Well, that's a great expressway, isn't it?
The R-Wide Expressway?
It's wonderful.
Okay, Neil.
So I'm giving you calls to the eye.
Okay.
Well, listen, next time you call it, give like the mile marker when you get your company out
there and see which you can drop up a little party, okay?
Hey, let me have some birds up.
Yeah.
Hey, bird, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, how's that April wording?
You know, no, not worth it.
I sure.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
Hold now.
Oh what is?
I'm not.
It's 150.
10 still 2 at WIOD.
In this world, nothing says I love you.
Quite like a diamond vital scent from America's leaving jewelers.
Service merchandise.
And right now,
I want to character total weight bibles at in 14 karat gold is on say and just a second relax him trying to close this briefcase
And it is in possible. I know you really got a mess there
Why are you doing that? Let me tell everybody about what Scott Shannon at Z100 in New York is done
This is out of the most of our audience is really fun. What is this out of the new inquire?
Don Johnson went nuts when the top New York DJ delivered the nastiest insult ever
Electronically erasing the stars voice off his newly released till I loved you record duet with Barbara Streisand and broadcasting it as her solo
Don phoned the DJ in a fury really got Shannon to Z100 to fuse to take the calls saying he hates Don and likes it always likes got
Shannon
Oh my god, so he hates Don and likes his thing even less
Shannon also claimed that listeners kept phoning in to say that the dud duet sounds like a dynamite disc now that Don's gone
For Miami vice-hunk warns even hundred to stop playing Barbara solo or his lawyers will make the joint a parking lot
According to the national inquire and before you go could you do one short thing for me?
What's that thing? Just say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest
Absolutely, I'm not going to do that. What a guy that died. I didn't even hell of a guy 154 W.I.O.D. Will go to Kendall. Hello
Yeah, I know. Hi. How you doing great?
Why do you're on you read listen what the hell is theta?
What is it a parking lot? Oh?
Yeah must be
What do you mean what is it? Where are you from no? I know I know it's just a joke don't start getting all possible
The ship at the end of the show
I'm joking. I'm joking. Just a joke thought that that would be coming in right now becoming in very handy
Yeah, I'm talking to you in the show. Let me ask you a question
In fact, you remember when the Democratic Convention when it kept saying where was George? Right
Well, that's gonna be the next question when the trends come out. It's my where is Zeta?
Yeah, well, they're gonna find out shortly
Now that I think about your statement. I like it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think about it for a second
Yeah, listen, I never I heard you one time. I know about you and everything and I
But I always listen to W. I. W. and I used to listen to Steve when he was at
Yeah, when he was at Alice. Well, we were all together once upon a time. I want to go. Yeah
Oh, yeah, wasn't that romantic?
Well, it must have been yeah, you but I always
When Steve left I decided to go with Steve and I think that you are the
Nail that hit the you know, just a right shot. I think that you guys are gonna be great and
You know now W. I need a no reason to change any other station, but W. I. B. That is correct
Is the only station you'll ever need if I can steal a phrase from must-play cell? Yeah
Now it's the office. You know, need to go. I went there. I don't think carry the way now pal
I mean it's great word delighted to be here, but let's not expect miracles
I went there last night and I wasted this money and time. I got oh my god flat on the way
Yeah, but you had a great time and it was like it was like an adventure
You had a flat you had all this stuff there went on and it was like and let me tell you something pal
And this dead god forsaken town even going out and getting your brains beat out in the ball game and having a miserable time getting and getting a flat
Tire even that's exciting compared to the rest of what goes on here, right?
Okay, okay, my name is art. Yeah, I just want to leave you one thing. You know what
One if one is love right and two is sex what's three and four?
Wow
Go ahead, are you am I gonna have to dump this right am I gonna have to dump this? Yeah?
What a guy have a great day art
Bye, and listen when you get your own show you can use it like that. Okay. Here's another candle call. Hello
Oh, how are you? How you doing babe? Yeah, I gotta tell you yesterday
Or maybe day before I don't remember I was the mother was waiting for that
EBS. Oh, yeah, come on there. Listen to this tape. I want I
I've been hanging on for a while. I have that luck with the directional
Well, it sounds like we're gonna be getting a lot of those in the mail if you know what I mean
Once we get that we still have to run that by a spike, you know, and make sure that that's kosher
We don't play anything here until we get the green light. I believe it and so far the light has been so green man that it's frightening
I have a bunch of other things to say but to be honest with you hanging on for 35 minutes
I know you forget your material, but it was good that you got on though, wasn't it? Yeah, it was great
Especially since I've only disconnected myself and got right back on again after I you know gave the
Thought story and stuff. Yeah, yeah, Nick goes big for those soft stories
That's because he used to work at WS news and that was a soft story
I always worked yeah, but unfortunately my material could not come back to me
Okay, well, listen you have a great day and don't feel bad about it because it happens to most of our callers
Okay, most of them didn't have any to start with
You got it have a good one now. Thank you. Bye-bye. Well, he was good, wasn't he? Great. No, he was honest
He admitted he had nothing to say and I like that kind of refreshing honesty
Anyway, Steve is in the building and Steve has four open hours today
And he had that real menacing BDI look in his eyes when he came in here just briefly and I have a feeling that he's gonna
Really let it all out. He's been holding a lot of stuff back
But he's gonna let it out today, you know what I'm saying? They're waiting for that open day
I don't have any idea what I mean, but it sounds good and anyway, we want to thank no seriously
We kind of closed the chapter on Zeta there. We got did you get your check? No
I have not I checked the mail very carefully yesterday very carefully you still have it because I got mine
Yeah, I know what does that say you didn't get your last check?
I have not gotten well
I would call there when I leave here today or before you leave and say hey, you know
Maybe there's a little oversight on your part
Do you think I should check the mail one more day? Okay, go home and check the mail one more time because you know
You live down there in unincorporated
Whatever I do I live all you live like in a cow pasture come on you live in a tropical jungle
He over saw where he lives man in a rain forest
It's just the way I like with these strange creatures on three legs and really good darn stuff going on
But anyway, we want to thank everybody for you know really supporting us at Zeta during those closing
Traumatic weeks and for helping us to leave there we can look at all these numbers and say hey
We did our thing and if it wasn't to write people stick them where the moon don't shine
You know basically a nice friendly thing like that
Well, it's gonna have a wonderful day
We'll be back again tomorrow from 10 to 2 and run around with sandwich boards and up and down Lincoln Road Mall and tell all your friends because
We need that word to get out you know, especially up in Palm Beach call up Lee and talk about us on the air
Yeah, and stay tuned for Steve. He's next here on 610 W I O D
