Drop in the bucket. It was kind of fun because we just did two seafood places back to back. It said 10 minutes after seven
Yeah, there was a spot in between them. Oh
Okay, like I said see if you had to say anything nobody would know the difference of course because our listeners are all a bunch of morons right?
They're all a bunch of dodo birds. You see what's going on out here just like before there's a dog shell out there
Oh, yeah, and he's leading him straight. Don't you follow him now come on guys
Just leave him to the Santoria house. Oh, all those little puppies are getting led to slaughter
I can't believe it anybody from the SPCA is listening get over here right away and save a pup for Christ. Okay?
My god, I can't believe what's going on here today
Who the hell needs these damn callers this stinkin town man these people have gone through this for 12 God for second years
You don't want to try one all these okay? Let's try one okay? Just with Allen see if they can redeem themselves
You know like a quality these games with you know like they play hard to get you can have a four I'm serious during times
What I've had my highest numbers like you and I used to be on a night?
There were periods of time when you think that nobody was listening because the people here are unfriendly
Surely nasty and hostile okay, but I think you're wrong because I've run into people on the street
And they say they hear you say that and they say most of us are in our cars. I don't give it
I don't give it then but they're excuses. Okay, and they're gonna laugh a hell of a lot more
What I have to say then these subhuman douchebags on his phone. Okay, now that's a good all right
Let me prove a point is this a subhuman douchebag or what hello?
Hello
What is my beef with Dave County who said anything about Dave County?
Other than the fact that it's dead and that it's crime written and infested that it's like a festering sewer
I have no beef with Dave County
Where do you live?
My my Emmy Beach
The Miami bitch. Oh my god. You've got to be pulling my leg aren't you are you yanking my chain? No, come on get cereal will you?
Get cereal with me honey you live on Miami Beach and you try to pedal us a song at a dance that it's livable and it's a
It's a civilized place. It's a barbaric wasteland. I am pissed off at you good
I want to know what your beef is about people over 30. That was just a joke. Okay, that they have no sense of humor
Do you have any sense of humor when's the last time you laugh probably the same time you had a good BM okay get on you?
Now see people on the beach okay if they just get a case of X-lacks over there the beach would solve a lot of their problems
I watched a little bit of this movie last night on cable project X
Yeah, and I said to big Dave they have a special version of that for Helen Dale in the beach is called project X-lacks
I mean what the hell is her story I'm pissed off it you
I mean anybody lives out of beach deserves what they get
See like a festering sewer over there who the hell is she kidding? Well call me mr. Exception as Glenn would say oh
I know you love that art. I have a good time every time I go there the the women are Foxy and
See what a wise idea it was stick that one call
Yeah, I'm gonna be doing a remote from the Seagull tomorrow. Okay. It's a 713 speaking of Foxy lady
Here's Jimmy Hendrix on Zeta 4
The man who did not die from drugs, but yeah, we don't play Foxy lady doing yeah, we do
Well, I don't want to play any Jimmy Hendrix. He's another one of those screamers like Springsteen and
Joe Cocker the same thing scream
That's some music man now maybe a road and yesterday Rose played we're wolf and London by Warren Zeevon
We're who was the London?
Like a novelty record. Okay. It's like something you'd expect here on tragic one oh 2.7 on Halloween
On Halloween exactly. Hey, I'm so glad you said that that was perfect. It's about time you did something we should play vehicle today
By the eyes of March. Oh, isn't that cute? That's a great record. Let's not and say we did okay
All right, good idea. We do have an open line in Broward at 777 9-3600. I just mentioned that yesterday. Yeah, I know it's hard to believe 777 9-3600
Now maybe Dennis and Gary would you would like you to take number six next because it's collect. Oh, okay
Are you calling collect? Yeah, where are you calling from?
Okay, okay, let's run up a good bill here
Good I hope so now I'm alive and so I can't even talk because I'm listening to you you're seven seconds
What is it? I know around a no we're on a four and a half second delay
I'm cracking up I can't even listen yeah, and then you get here the second time. I'm not exciting
Now I forgot what I was gonna say really yes
Well, I'm not gonna cut you short because you're calling collect. I want to run up a nice good bill on this okay
What's new now because these are the cheapest bastards you'd ever want to find in your life?
Not both see their sensitive about the management people in this building
I ask you a question. Are you listening to anything that I'm saying this morning?
I said these management people here are the cheapest people going
I wasn't talking about you and right away you're defensive and surly and paranoid. Oh
Yes, you are
I collect and they said yes, they accept the charges. You are cheap. I don't want to talk
May as well was hopeless. It was a hopeless case
I'm hopeless. It won't have a conversation. She wants just giggle on the radio. Yeah, you can relate to that. Yes, I can seven sixteen
Hanza for
I can't I just can't believe these people this morning like out of the clear blue like out of nowhere
And that's what this town is all about yesterday was borderline yesterday was okay
It wasn't we have started to slow, but then it was then it picked up it was all right
But this morning you just from the from the get-go as they say I don't know who it is that says that but from look at that
There's another look at that. It's the dog the dogs are coming this way. That's good. That's good
Come right in here, man. You wouldn't be the only dogs in this building. I'll tell you that
716 on Zeta 4 and we'll take a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah, yeah
What's called? Can you do me a favor now? What is this a request?
This is his mother. He better get off the phone and go to school
Oh, okay. This is his mother. You better get off the phone and go to school. She said
I'm on the front and wake him up for me. No, we can't do that
You're off the phone to go to school kid. Yeah, that was funny wasn't it? I like that
Get off this phone to go to school. You silly whipper snapper. I'll beat the living be Jesus out of you
Go learn something
Well, he darted and died this morning in the electric chair at the state prison near Stark
He protested to the end that he was innocent of the 1973 killing of a Lakeland furniture store owner
Like Lakeland. Did he say yeah? Yeah, yeah, that's why you know when you see you see what happens when you kill someone in Lakeland
So you're right. Listen if you if you like spit at somebody in Lakeland, they fry it
Yeah, let this be a lesson to you you kids out there and if you go like more than five miles an hour over the speed limit
Right to Stark immediately
So that story just fit right in with this show. Yeah, I bet you're daffy McAllem is having sexual excitement this morning
A two for two for one sale. That's right better than a white sheet sale day at pennies
717 on Zeta 4 and our next call I guess we'll take one from Broward even it out. Hello
Yeah, how about that you want to wait for a while? Yeah, okay hold on
Dave County hello, hello Neil. Yeah
Uh, I just wanted to say something serious about capital punishment after what I just heard this morning about that man up at the start
Yeah, what is that sir regular extra crispy. Okay good for you
But wasn't finger-looking good that's the question. Oh, see that was that was cute quite a call that wasn't cute. Yeah, yeah
We don't give it damn anymore. Okay, just fry them all everybody's angry everybody's PO let's just fry a bunch of people. Okay
Just get it out of our systems already
718 on Zeta 4
And let's go to I really needed this today too, you know, I have no voice to be in what but that's good
Then I can be sick for this weekend
So I can't be at the metro zoo
Yeah, Ministeron Richard ministeron I heard his music is as good as his humor
He said that I know he's put something good show. He's great
Yeah
Music doesn't belong on his station, but he's great. No, that's that that shouldn't know better is a good it is a great record
I agree with you but didn't you say yesterday that uh
Doesn't belong on his station. I never said that yesterday. I said that about two days ago. Yeah, okay
No, I just want to get the day straight. No, the one the other one was a little more top 40s to me, but I should know better as a great song
And the more I listen to the other one the more things the fit in
Oh
Oh, boy, who the hell is she cutting it?
Dave County hello. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Okay. I have been waiting for a long time. Mm-hmm
Yeah
Now that you're on okay, let's go tell you um
Never go down to date County to eat to date County to eat. Yeah, I've been known to do that. Yes, sure
Yeah, why why
You can't visit New Restaurant. I think it's come visit. What's then? It's called the field diner
Mm-hmm, and it's a 50 style diner. Oh, sure. Yeah, and jay michael's was there
So I think that now just making no, I don't eat with jay michael's okay. You don't know
No, no Johnson goes there or Joe Johnson
20 past seven on Zeta 4 I thought we're gonna take a break. Oh, yeah, good idea
Let's so give those numbers out just in case in date County 620 3600 and in brownered 777 9 3600
We're zipping right through the calls today
You notice how many people have responded to the fact that we're like borderline music intensive today
Right on the edge
Just the way I like right on the verge, okay? So it's up to the audience. You know, let them decide
But you as army can train you to do things in six months that you could never do by yourself in six years
Matter hooking up a sophisticated telecommunication satellite system
The US army can train you to do the same thing in 20 weeks or less
Call your local recruiter for all the detain satellite systems all hooked up and ready to go general
That's good boys. Now. I know I'm gonna get HBO showtime and cinemax ride. Yes, sir. This right. Well. I'll be able to get those
Real dirty moves. Oh, yes, sir general. We hooked it up right to your TV. See it. Oh, that's fine work troops
Thank you. Oh, thank you general
Not paid for by the US Army 724 on Zeta 4. Now this photographer that's coming today captain Dave
He's this is gonna be short and sweet, right?
Yeah, except for you have to
Got an application. Yeah, believe that with your shoe size and
Can you get more off Mike captain Dave your please?
Just too hot in that Mike there, you know
Yeah, that's a lot better like what it sounds okay 24 after 7 on Zeta 4
It's a beautiful Tuesday the Sunday shining the birds are
And the audience absolutely is devastating this morning, aren't they?
Are they incredible or what that's the word brutal and devastating?
Too many old farts on the phone pump it'll be chill out
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry here. Okay
I'm going hold again. Okay
Broward hello
Dave County hello
It's what I mean. Dave hello. Hello. Yeah, I'm on the air you're too old sir
Grow up when you get a life for yourself get that away from this show, okay
Probably about 85 years old. Dave County. Hello. Hello. Hi
Hi, I'm everything you eat nearly
Over 30 I live in Dave County and I come from New York. Oh boy. Isn't that great?
But what I want to see is the music's nice but I listen to you because I enjoy listening to you, Patrick. Hmm
Oh, you want to cut out the music and get back to what you do?
Well, what we usually do is we talk to the pubic. Okay, that's what we usually do, but last uh, I know
Last couple of days
I'm sorry
Well, that was the idea
We want to get to talk to a lot of people
Oh, okay, so you want me to rewind so you can talk to somebody else? Yeah
Have a nice day. Bye-bye. See she got the adifter thing and we did it in a very nice way and she left
Feeling good about herself. I have no idea why
726 on zeta 4 now see now this way at least the lines go nuts when you do this because the people out there are massacres
They like it and much too nice on this show to the people. Okay, much much much much too nice
It's about time to get back to the old business and just to let them have what they deserve in this town
Well, they love it because they know that they deserve the punishment. They know they're basically this town is like a sewer
It's like the end of the world
Like I've said before if you took away the good weather what the hell would you have left here even the rednecks would get out
Wow, that yeah exactly that's is all they all move like a Taylor Michigan or somewhere where?
26 after six
Broward hello
Yeah
Not too much pal what's going on dude? Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh you said
Yeah, it came in
Yeah, I wasn't there. I got that I got out of there man
I've never seen such nonsense at all my life was was going on there man
It is they're gonna take all those Canadian horsemen man and send them back to Canada. I'm serious
I agree boy. Oh boy. So it's a nightmare up there
Well
From next Sunday. I got something next on there. Do you really?
I might have something for you before Sunday
Just a little joke. Okay. All right. All right. I'll listen. I'll look for you. All right
Okay, bye-bye. Now what is he the valley he's the valley parking king or queen or whatever
The he's a good guy. He's a good guy
No, you're not thinking about him. You're thinking about Michael from
Pompato Park
Probably
What do what Michael's doing? Probably Michael's at highlight this morning waiting for him to open
Either that or buying lottery tickets at seven level, but that kid I'm telling he is
Incorrigible really 27 after seven on Zeta 4 by the way captain David the next break there that live spot
You can scratch there's absolutely no copy for that. So forget it
What can't you kind of add live it? No
We have nothing
When you have no address and you have no copy and you have no information. I really kind of doubt it
Well, I could like after you're done talking about it. I could come in and at the end and say
Look for such and such in the yellow pages
Look for this in the yellow pages. Okay
728 on Zeta 4 and the date counting good morning
Okay
So
I just want to know um
Nobody can really figure you out right? I know whatever you say okay if that's what you say
I don't know why you say it but
I am from day county. I'm over 30. I'm all the things that girls said you know that you don't mind
Why'd she just hallucinating? Okay, it was just it was just a joke. It was just a joke
Oh, it's odd anyway anyway
What I want to hear from you how about how about goodbye? That was good this time
729 on Zeta 4 and let's move right along. We do have an open line at date where we just to hung up literally at 620
6600 I think did she walk you to that one or one? I think hung up is too soft. Yeah, where we just smashed down
Okay, I love this. Broward. Hello
Broward hello. Hi, are you calling collect? Yes, I am great. That's what we like. Let's run up a real good building
Sounds good to me. Even if you're a lousy caller. Let's run up a good bill for this stinko company here. Go ahead
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about what you said about the beach. Yeah, it sucks
Who live on the beach? I didn't say people live on a beach. I said the beaches did. There's some nice people who live on the beach
It's not the way it came across. And for their sake, I wish they could get out. Why are you sensitive and paranoid too?
I'm not sensitive and paranoid but yeah, I can't really call it how can you be calling collect if you live on the beach? Wait a minute
Where are you calling from?
Right now I'm calling from Boka, but I live in Pompano. Oh Pompano beats. That's even that's even worse
Word. Oh my god. Talk about blue here
Yeah, it's that way, but that's only during the season. I mean
See when I was a little kid growing up, I thought that only Superman and Captain Marvel had blue hair and that's until I moved to South Florida
It's true
Well, I don't know you make it sound like everyone on the beach is all old and it's not that I didn't I didn't say that and I said
I have the greatest sympathy for anybody under the age of a hundred who lives on the beach. Oh you did say that. Yes, I did
I missed that part that's because we were trying to call I missed that okay
Well, you see you have to get all the pieces of the puzzle to put it together before you start rushing to judgment
Oh, I'm sorry. No, this is listen is the first time I ever listen to your show. Are you serious?
And we motivated you to call on the very first time. Yeah, isn't that exciting
Really now. I got your wild-up. I got you whipped up to a frenzy right? I got your P.O. and B.O.
You hung up on that girl who calls from
But um, I don't know some girl you're talking to and you just hung up on her and you said something about her like
She wasn't making any sense and she wasn't making any sense. She was a douchebag
Ah
Exactly
I'm allowed to say whatever the hell I want honey. This is a miracle. Okay
What about the FCC that's a good question. What about those subhuman old farts up there in Washington right?
You got it screw him. That's what I say screw them
Can you imagine this is the first show she has ever heard exactly?
Are you here for a big surprise honey? Wow
Where have you been? Where have you been ma'am?
I don't know. We're in El-I-ben. Yeah, where have you been?
No, it's the new. This has been going on here for a long time. Yeah
Where have you been? I don't know. I don't listen to the radio. Oh, well what happened? Um
I just don't know. Was that my friend's house? She's like you got to listen to Neil Rogers. You's great
Was that your name? I don't even know your name. She was even better than me. That's my name. Just a minute
She got her right. Give her some credit. Okay. She's not a total moron
We hold on there so we want to talk to you. Okay. Hope it's really good to
Yeah, I tried to educate her. Well, she's she's getting her slowly but surely. Huh? She's getting there. Huh?
I haven't listened to you from am you know and I told her you know we're sitting around talking. I know you know
Neil yeah
You know I said he's great. He's funny and I said he's just screaming. I said you know you're not educated
Consumer to your look. Exactly
So listen have a great day and say hi to grandma Boone for us. Okay
Oh, are you gonna knock me off because I'm getting him aggravated? You're not getting me at all aggravated
It's just that it's only a four-hour show. It life marches on you know sooner or later. We got to move on
About about about what? Very quest something. No, we don't do requests
We hang up on people who make requests. I know you do. You hang up on me all the time. I call time
Okay, well, we don't want to disappoint you this morning. Okay, it's uh
733 on zeta 4 now. What was that woman talking about before?
About the FCC
Okay, here we go now
Talkers
Listen
There's no place for us now even DJs
Are all down in the mouth you can listen
But now you will find any words that will
be great idea
belted out honey come on
You know
Please listen to us. I say
young
The
Boss with one thing you'll Rogers can't do it all by himself. Let's all help him
Don't put it up on the shelf let the FCC
No, just how you feel and maybe we'll get this such a
We feel
It's true
Can do
You've even tried
The
I said
Let's stand and fight for what's true. Send your letter
Into so far so we can tell the FCC what the end of all
And so far on your side
We have nothing too hard young and
Oh, get your opinions out and maybe the
We'll stay out in the morning now
What
Is she in pain or what
The first time I heard that I didn't know Marlon now that I know Marlon kind of like you guys know
Everything's falling into place
He's a hell of a guy. I mean by the way we're those T-shirts
736 on Zeta 4 and we'll come right back
Hey, dude, that's some nice tunes. What do you listen to that? My man is tower of power. Oh, yeah
I saw them all David Letterman the other night and this Wednesday you'll be seeing him at this came baby
Oh you mean we'll be going
Exactly the car
I'm hit dude really well
Don't give me that giant man. I'm gonna call bass right now for our tickets. Oh, yeah, and what are you gonna use for money?
Well, dude
This game baby grows horde's tower of power the wild rmv funks out behind Huey Louis
Elton John and many others eats up the room at this cave baby this Wednesday night for one show only at 10 p.m
Tower of power this Wednesday at this game baby the rock and roll dance diner in coconut grove
I hit a little mom. I got problems. Oh, it's just thing with dad mom
I know he's proud that I managed best insurance coverage and I know he means well
But he showed up at this studio where we were cutting a new jingle and insisted on singing
Yes, mom. It was a disaster. Listen to this you know you need insurance
Well, we can make the difference
Best insurance coverage yes we can
Call 981 best now for get about the rest now best insurance coverage last night
I
The best insurance coverage you can find
The lowest rates around and the lowest payments down
The best insurance coverage
I see what I mean. Mark. Can you believe that mom?
No, mom best insurance coverage will take you even if you've had accidents
Even if you've had tickets are redroped by your president's insurance company
Even if you can't sing call 981 best
Neal Rogers the rock and roll monster
739 on zeta 4
That
The
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
if you want me back go do do do
but don't youme we'll grab you
if you want me back go do do
if you want me back goes do do do do do
what does that don't think
i want to mooooo mooooo mooooo
I love you
Yes, a little more wind, you went on your head, it makes me feel just bad.
I'm waiting my time, in my midnight confession, when I'm telling the world that I love you.
You want me to look at you, I just don't think I want you.
741 on Zeta 4, as we go music intensive, I really feel like it.
I'm right on the verge, you're just playing about 40 in a row.
But that'd be great.
It's different, I like it.
Yeah, I like it too, especially because the music is so good.
I realize that's just by accident, must be lucky, huh?
You know, really when you stop and think of it, how hard is it to program good music?
I hate to keep getting into that over and over again, but is it really all that hard?
Some people seem to have...
I have you noticed?
Oh, God, I can't believe you said that.
Well...
But I'm sure glad you did.
Anyway, listen, what the hell can I say?
I know from nothing, all I know is a bunch of old-eroy orbs and records, and I'm a daughtering old man.
And I don't know all these good, like ACDC and Queen.
Well, I do know a few creams, but that's...
Okay, 742 on Zeta 4, and just barely alive here this morning, but you never know it, would you?
Put not a good act.
Yeah, sure, right.
Miami, good morning.
Hello?
Hello.
This is OGIS.
Okay, well, that's close enough for us.
Yeah, this is Dr. Heckle and Mr. Sply.
Yeah, well, good luck to you.
Carl J. Michaels.
Okay, I bet he'll love to talk to you.
Yeah, we don't deal with those people.
Okay, with these amateur comedians, speaking of J.
Where are we going next to...
You never know when the next Robin Williams is going to be on that line.
Yeah, good luck to him.
Okay.
Or Joey Reynolds is the case maybe.
Yeah, it's the same character, isn't it?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, interchangeable.
What is that?
North Miami?
Hello.
Oh, no.
Yeah, yeah.
Broward County, hello.
It sounds like a lot of indigestion out there this morning.
Okay, hold on, no, go away.
Broward, hello.
Yep.
Broward, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Our first time caller.
Amazing part of it is those people are on hold.
That's the thing that I can't believe they're on hold.
Your show is really informative, man.
Yeah, sure is.
What are you learning from it, sir?
You said that.
You said that.
I can say that.
Yeah, but the caller can't say that word.
Now, that's a different S word, you know.
17 till 8 on Zeta 4.
Boy, have we got him this morning or what, huh?
Now, you know, they said that word on saying elsewhere in private time.
Well, good luck to him.
We're all going to sit on this show.
Okay.
Over my dead thing.
What was that?
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Listen, I got two questions for you.
One, who is the person that got you on FM?
What do you mean who is the person that got you on FM?
What does that mean?
I want to understand your other radio station on AM.
Was that your sister radio station or how did you get on the FM band?
That's in the same building, sir.
It's the same company.
It's right in the other end of the building.
Oh, isn't it?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
No, the reason I say is because they did a real, real innovative thing with bringing you over to FM.
They did?
I'll tell you, coming home from work in the morning, it's a real joy listening to you because you just, you brighten me up.
Great.
I really enjoy your show, too.
A friend of mine, Larry, was telling me about a place called the Rascal House.
Yeah.
Don't ever go there, sir.
No.
Don't ever go there.
Why is that?
Because you'll just be overwhelmed by the barbarians online, Larry, sir.
And is it really that bad?
It's among place.
What was he, what was he telling you about it?
He just said they had really good corn beef there and it was, the waitresses were like 70 and older.
Yeah.
If you're willing to eat in a barbaric atmosphere with a bunch of hundred-year-old people standing online for an hour and a half, falling down from heat prostration, and I would suggest that's definitely the place for you.
Yes, there he is.
I'm serious, dead serious.
Oh, what would be a good place?
A good place for what?
Just some place to go.
That's not real crowded.
Just something good.
Well, you know, something that has good food and a decent atmosphere.
Yeah.
How about McDonald's, sir?
What is that about?
All over the good place to go.
There's hundreds.
Well.
745-004, I can't believe that call.
Can you?
That's speaking of good food.
The guy who loads up the machine is in the building.
And I was wondering if you want me to get you some of those skeletons.
Now, one of those great Ville Parmesan sandwiches.
Or the scalloped potatoes and the can.
I like the bottom of the can.
It says in their own juice.
I like those mouse-meat Parmesan myself. Those are my favorite.
745-004, the near-roachers Tuesday morning show.
And these calls today on a scale of infinity have been minus.
Oral Gables, hello.
Good morning, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Good morning to your boys there.
I used to word loosely concerning the bird.
But hopefully I'm one of your...
No way, way, way, way.
The most good morning.
But listen, did you get a poster, a Jim Palmer poster, or the mail?
I hope not.
I sent it to you like last Wednesday.
No, I didn't get it.
And I'm hoping to put it off as long as I can.
What would I do with the Jim Palmer poster?
For a guy who's six four, he carries a water gun, believe me.
Believe me, Jim Palmer is exciting as a dead frog in heat.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
Listen, one thing I heard, Lee Fowler yesterday, he was pretty good.
Yeah, he was okay.
When he does a funny show, he's decent now.
When he does those polls.
Yeah, I'll take you to getting a poll, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Well, maybe he's found a new niche for himself, sir.
Great.
And I'm a first time caller on the FM.
Great.
It was your number nine pledge on AM.
Mm-hmm.
On that famous one, that you made the announcement.
And I'm a lawyer listening to me.
Great.
That's a real job.
Okay.
Thank you.
Carlisogio next year, okay?
They denied 747 on Zeta 4.
There's an open line.
And Dade, 620, 3600.
That's flashing even as we speak.
Isn't that exciting?
Doesn't that motivate you to want to continue to at least about a quarter to 10?
This is like motivation.
I mean, we haven't heard of a show that ends at 10 past 10.
Now, how did that happen?
It happened because I was given the strong arm by Rose Folder, you know, like,
well, we're like dying in that hour.
We got to get you, we got to get some of your audience into that hour.
We're checking that AQH.
Make it true.
Yeah, AQH.
Q this.
Did you talk to him about that we started at 10 of six?
No, he doesn't want that.
He just assumed give that 10 minutes up in exchange for the other 10 minutes.
But that's not what happened.
Did you know that it didn't?
Well, no, I figured as long as we were here, why did he give us give ourselves a break?
I heard he wants us to do like 10 minutes starting at two in the afternoon and then we believe again.
And then you're going to do four to six.
Four to six.
Did you get the memo?
Yeah, yeah.
I think that's tomorrow.
And then eight to midnight, I guess, we're going to run reruns.
Poppolo, hello.
A Neil.
Yeah.
My on.
No.
Dave County, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Real good.
Hey, well, we started rally against the FCC.
Neil.
Yeah, that's an innovative.
What an original idea that is, sir.
Hey, I mean, it worked for Howard.
Oh, yeah, Howard really did wonders with the FCC.
Yeah.
Howard's a douchebag, okay?
Why don't you get on the phone with him and tell him that in person?
I'd be glad to tell him that.
Because they won't put us on with Howard.
He's afraid to talk to me.
That's why because his friend Mitch up there keeps screening out the calls.
Oh, don't tell him that it's you.
Yeah, who are we going to tell him it is, sir?
Divine?
Yeah, I, I, for you know, I could have been anybody.
And you got me on.
What does that mean?
That means that just call them up and let's see you say that it is safe.
That's what it means.
Why don't you, this guy doesn't seem to understand.
Why don't you call him, sir?
Yeah.
You want the number?
Not at least a column.
Well, now you got to.
I'll get the rest of it against Howard.
I like Howard.
Good.
I'm glad for you.
Howard's funny.
He's funny on the air, but he's a douchebag, okay?
What about you?
What about me?
What about you?
What does that mean, sir?
You consider yourself special.
No, a special.
What does that mean?
Special.
Yeah, like a special douchebag, okay?
Well, this guy, I'm telling you, to consider yourself special.
Is the growth.
Yeah, that, that figures.
Yeah, that answers a lot of questions.
Yeah.
But you always ragging on us, Neil.
On who?
On the growth.
I can't say on the air.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
Take care of yourself.
But it get the hell out of here.
I can't find Howard's number.
Maybe I threw it out and discussed it after our last attempt to get a hold of Bahawi.
Waste the time.
Was a waste of time because that douchebag Mitch wouldn't put us through, remember?
But you have any other interesting numbers there?
No, I'm not going to call any of these people.
None of those people are.
I don't know what this is.
Oh, God, I don't have a tape in here.
Really?
You won't need to take for this.
Just keep your finger on the button.
Look, the gate's opening by itself.
Wow.
By itself.
Boy, the technology that we have, it's just as nothing else.
We could only use some of it in here.
It would be, you know.
Hi, this is Steve Perrin, program director of the new Y100.
Thanks for calling our ListenLight.
Together, we're making Y100 better than it's ever been.
Leave your comments at the comments.
You have to read it.
Thanks for calling and keep listening to the new Y100.
Hey, Steve, listen, two messages we want to leave for.
Number one, now seriously, number one, call us back when you grow up.
And secondly, we've listened to your station and it sucks, okay?
So.
Oh, you're amazing.
It's okay if you want to hear that bubble gum crap over and over and over again.
It's okay for like 12 year old kids.
Convicted murderer, William Jasperd-Darden has been executed in Florida's electric chair this morning.
He had maintained his innocence throughout his 14 years on death row,
during which he became the focus of an international debate on capital punishment.
He was 54 and he was convicted of fatally shooting a Lakeland businessman
while robbing his wife of $15 in September 1973.
Michael Jackson canceled his sold out evening performance at the arena in St. Louis on Monday
because of Laren Gytis, the pop singers,
publics announced about three hours before the concert.
Michael Mitchell said that Jackson was suffering from a sore throat
and that ticket holders will get refunds.
Monday night show originally had been scheduled for Saturday,
then postponed because Jackson had a cold.
Oh, poor Mikey, huh?
He did perform on Sunday night at the arena.
I wonder if any of that ties in with the untimely passing of John Holmes.
A wine country high school has halted a 10 year tradition of giving commemorative wine glasses at the senior ball
because of a campaign against drug and alcohol abuse.
Students at Livermore, California will get Bud Vases instead.
A Bud, but the plan may backfire.
Kids are just going to take their Bud Vases after the dance and drink alcohol out of them
and laugh at the administration.
That's what senior April DeBose, a leader of the school's anti-drug campaign,
had to say about the Buds Bud Vases.
Sunny, Breezy, and Cool today will be in the upper 60s today.
Clear and cold tonight down to the 40s tonight.
And believe it or not, it's 53 degrees this morning at Zeta 4, 753.
755 on Zeta 4.
Got a question for you.
Got several questions for you.
Have you ever been turned down for a loan?
Yes.
Have you ever been denied a credit card?
I sure have.
Are you unable to get financing for a new car or home or both?
Well, once.
Have you ever been told that the bad credit rating will stay with you for seven years?
Well, I was told I had bad breath.
Well, that happens to be true, but it's not necessarily true about that bad credit rating.
In fact, if you've had bad credit, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Got some good news.
Good.
I found our real estate and now now we can start being funny.
Okay, now the show starts.
We've got to see the reason we didn't really do much of a show this morning.
We didn't have any real estate to do the promo for tomorrow.
Okay.
And now that we have a real estate man from now here on until 10 past 10,
it ought to be phenomenal.
It ought to be sensational.
So now the good callers can start calling in and kept the name can stop feeding back at a mic in there.
Okay.
We got to do a show now.
Yeah, now we got to do a real show and not a pain in the butt.
Oh, God.
Okay, let's start with Pembroke Pines.
That should be a good starter.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
That's what I mean.
That's what management always says to me.
They say you're the last smart ass wherever we're going to hire.
And I pull out my message that I got that they got really you.
Yeah, I pull out that message I got from John Donovan at WAVC in New York yesterday.
And they say, oh, we're just kidding.
We're just kidding.
Here.
Have another have another hot dog.
Neil, you know, come on.
You're really fun to listen to.
Well, that's good.
You have a nice day now.
Get some.
Get some rest.
Come on.
Yeah, I will.
Soon.
Really enjoy it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I'm going to turn on my recorder and try to catch a rest of the show when I get.
I want to wake up later on this.
Good.
Good thinking.
Okay.
We'll talk about you while.
Okay.
And I call you the next time I'm down here.
You betcha.
Let's talk until you have a good one now.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good guy.
28 past eight on Zeta 4.
We have an open line in the Broward.
7779-3600.
See the thing that I don't understand.
We got all these people who want me to call them mung brain and douchebag and moron.
What is that all about?
They love it.
And in other words, they believe that honesty is the best policy.
I don't know.
Now, I don't see any food in this man's hands.
Do you?
I'm not even going to dignify him by turning around.
He was supposed to come in here this morning with a terrible feast.
He was supposed to have this place just hopping with the.
What about all those hot dogs I had here?
What about what what did that have to do with anything?
That was a celebration that was before the book came out.
Oh, that isn't that interesting.
Like he had the hot dog vendor here for the book.
We didn't I can understand.
I can understand if they brought joy hot dogs when the book came out.
That would fit.
Okay.
That would be like an editorial comment.
Are you making enough noise in there?
Do you think?
My God.
Listen to that here.
Let's do it in stereo.
There you go.
I didn't know that was our celebration.
Oh, the hot dog thing after the fact.
I think.
I think he could have stopped by Tom Thum and got us a little something.
Couldn't he?
Pigs knuckles like some of those pickled eggs.
Anything.
But they just don't care here.
This is your.
We don't give a damn station.
And here's a couple of.
We don't give a damn who.
Right?
Here's some traffic.
Okay.
Go ahead.
We care about those folks out on the high list.
We sure do.
We care about all you poor bastards out there driving.
But that's the way it goes.
Commercial.
Most of these are in our commercial boulevard approaching old Dixie highway.
There was an accident earlier.
They cleared it up.
But the traffic's still real bad eastbound.
How unusual.
And Southbound I 95 is backed up from an earlier accident from Oakland all the way to Cyprus
Creek Boulevard.
And the turnpike north and south.
And southbound lanes of the turnpike near Hallendale Beach Boulevard.
And the Hollywood Boulevard toll booths.
Most of those lanes are going to be closed today because they're repaping it.
Oh, yeah.
He's speaking of W ABC.
It's just done by me.
Maybe the guy was calling me for a reference on somebody that we all know.
Yeah.
It was it.
Yeah.
It's what it is because they would never hire me anyway.
They've been messing with my mind for about five years up there.
And they're never going to hire me because I, you know, won't.
I won't stand in line.
The look of relief on that man's face was just incredible.
Well, it could be a job offer you never know.
Okay, just but it also could not.
Seriously, it could be a reference on this guy.
I just want to put it.
How do I put it delicately if they're calling me for a reference on him?
I wouldn't be buying a house is I wouldn't be running a duplex.
I wouldn't be moving to fire Island to fire him.
831 on Zeta 4.
We have a caller in Miami.
Buenos dias.
Good morning, Neil.
First time caller.
Great.
I really enjoy your show.
Well, thank you, sir.
I'm a little nervous here.
That's the idea.
Well, I was wondering if you could help me with a particular problem.
I doubt it, but go ahead and give it a shot.
All right.
My sister and I have this child show.
Okay.
And it's pedigree with papers in the home.
I use only six months old.
And we can't keep them there.
We're trying to find a home for them.
And it costs about 300 bucks.
And we're going to give them away.
But we want to give them away.
If somebody is going to give them a good home.
But we're a little scared of some of the people out there.
You know, with these oldies, uh,
Santeria rituals and uh, bird, uh, dog burning.
Yeah, we got a house, we got a house right up on a corner here.
I think it'll take them off your hands.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, will they burn them up?
No.
No, I don't think they burn them up.
They might slice them up a little bit.
Oh, it's got them.
Well, that's what we don't need.
Uh, and I was thinking maybe you guys are with us.
In fact, in fact, at the house on a corner right outside our gate here,
they give no meaning to the expression hot dog.
Yeah.
Well, uh, I was wondering if you could help us a lot.
What do you mean help?
In other words, we're going to do now pet giveaways on the air.
Next one, we do a lost and found.
We'll be doing a good job.
Next thing we'll be doing lost and found animals on a show.
So I mean, your intentions are great.
But do you think that we're going to give away the dog?
Well, how would we do that?
For example,
in other words, you give us the number to Captain Dave off the air.
And if somebody wanted a dog, they would call him and he would give them the number.
Something like that.
We know.
Well, I would be good if he was in the studio.
But he's up there.
I got no idea where the hell he went this time.
Wait, it's a good thing I got this apple.
No, I'm going to do it if he'll ever come back.
Let's just see how much time we can kill before he comes back.
Okay.
I think I got this apple.
This is our celebration.
Listen, I just want to tell you what.
The membrane is definitely one of my strong words in my vocabulary nowadays.
I realize that those people out there do have a lot of mung brains out there.
Yeah, we can say that again.
So anyway, speaking of mung brains, where did this guy go?
All of a sudden, did he go into an eating frenzy or something?
The minute that the minute he saw a bulger come in here with no food,
he went to the machines.
He went diving out there to the machine.
You can bet your life on that.
You can back on it.
You'll come back.
He'll be eating when he walks back in.
Okay, listen, hold on.
No, don't go away.
Hold on, will you?
Okay, I'm going to put you on hold.
Don't go running off now.
I'll be really upset.
Okay, hold on.
Thank you.
Okay, now that's on line two.
26 till nine on Zeta 4.
If we can remember that long, it'll be great.
Seriously, he may be trying to set a new record now
for being out of the studio the longest time.
I mean, that's a lot of duties.
Like what?
Where I think that's one of the interesting.
Everybody else has got all these damn questions today.
That's one of the most fascinating questions.
Where does he go and what the hell does he do?
Where is he?
He's busy at the machines.
First of all, it's time for a break.
That's number one.
There he goes.
I hear the door opening.
I hear he's frantic.
There he is.
He just came back from a rubah, I think.
Okay, now listen.
There's a guy on two who would like to give you his phone number.
No thanks.
Well, that's beside the point.
You're going to take the guy's number on two.
And he's got some stupid dog that he wants to give away.
Oh, come on now.
The guy's a good guy.
Or, nearly, we don't do this because it's really it's juvenile
and it's embarrassing and disgusting, which means it fits the station perfectly.
This is like what they do on IOD.
Yeah, we're going to do lost dogs and cats and art varks.
Hey, that's Apple sounds really delicious.
That's some in the home.
I don't think so.
I don't think that an Apple on top of I don't think that's how I see it.
I don't think that's how I see it.
Oh, that would be the answer to my problems.
I see.
So anyway, if you take his number, if you'd be kind enough online to just write it down,
if anybody wants is interested in the dog, are you going to do it sometime this week or what?
Yeah.
Okay, 836 on Zeta 4.
And I think while he's taking care of all that business, like BTO is that fine?
And we just play that a little while ago.
We'll take a little break and then we'll come back right after.
See now he's paying no attention.
He's paying absolutely no attention at all.
He's taking the number like you ask him to.
What was that number again?
Okay, we're going to take a break now and then we just.
What did you want me to take the phone call?
Uh huh.
Okay, well, let's just forget the break.
Okay.
No, let's forget it.
No, let's forget it.
Because I know you can't walk you to banana and chew it, come at the same time.
Are you through a little cloggle in there?
Yeah.
A lot of he's related to Jimmy Carter, buddy, chance or Chuck Doodle.
That was nice.
That was kind of interesting.
Well, we'll bring him back again a little bit later on.
Okay, Mr. Green Jeans in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, did you talk to me, man?
Yeah, man.
How's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Yeah, we have a good time.
Love things.
I had a great time in Vegas, man.
I was coming out there probably next week.
Fantastic. Now listen, did you hear my restaurant that I recommended?
No, what is it?
Okay, I'm serious.
Did I like Italian food?
Yeah.
Okay, now there's a place.
It's not on the strip, but it's very close.
It's on Sahara Drive.
Mm-hmm.
And it's called Romeo's.
It's a very elegant Italian restaurant.
I'm telling you, the food is so tremendous and the service is phenomenal.
And you'll love it.
It's called Romeo's Restaurant.
It's a 2800 West Sahara.
2800 West Sahara.
I'm telling you, it's really, it's, and you don't have the problem
like you do in the restaurants on a strip where it's all jammed up and crowded.
And you know, that gets real old after a while.
Yeah, it's only about it.
Listen about that guy that called it.
Had that chow-chow.
Yeah.
That dog, like I'm kind of interested because I got this big old labrador.
You know, and he likes to eat them like for breakfast.
You know, instead of chow-chow, it would be just chow.
You know, like puppy chow.
Yeah, something like that.
So, you know, I'll take the number for that.
Okay, great.
And, um, so, because, yeah, does lead Gillette work pants with really big pockets?
Yeah.
I think it's a little bit too mundane.
He says, you know, you're talking about how much he likes the stones.
He says, I really feel deeply for the stone.
Yeah, that could be it.
Yeah.
You might have something there, sir.
However, federal law prohibits us from expanding on this conversation.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Antonio.
Bye-bye.
And take good care of Lassie.
Will you please?
844 on Zeta 4, your doggy dog station.
