You have a chair, it's your sautage dude, isn't it?
That's not it.
Well you know what?
He got me so, you know, it's on here, but he got me so brainwashed to the game of love
by Wayne Fontaine at 10 and the Mindbenders.
You have an interest on so good out of that little bit.
You did.
You did that again.
We got to go through this whole CD.
Well, that's a good idea.
And then we'll get to number 11 is the Mindbenders.
Right.
You wouldn't have sent anything.
I would have just let it go and not had any idea because, by frankly, it sounded great
to me.
It did sound great.
Let's go back to the beginning.
This is our audience hates music anyway, so this is like punishing it.
Well, you can do the talk up on this.
What, Brook Benton and Dina Washington?
I don't think so.
Ooh, that was great.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
You don't think so.
You have to go with it.
Very, very question.
Well, it was pretty close.
Yeah, I know, but I think Ricky would give you a no on that one.
You got a sound?
Yes.
Well, there's Dina.
Yeah.
Jimmy Jones.
Great record.
I love this one.
I was a kid.
Did you?
I love this record.
I love the time, the time, the time, it isn't me.
It's true.
It's time to talk to me.
Do you?
Do you?
I believe they didn't grab that stuff.
Look at this.
Brian Makimchi just brought in a list of all the dead artists.
This is great.
Perfect, presented.
Johnny A's Dwayne Alman got all the information here.
They should have given that to her.
Floreks Ballard.
Mark Bowlin, John Bottom, Johnny Burnett, Harry Chapin.
Eddie talklin', Sam Cook, Jim Groochie.
he encouraged and of course the captain name's favorite Bobby Daron oh he's dead I don't
remember this to be a 507 on Zeta 4
I saw Linda yesterday always I've been to the hit and charted December 62
yeah I saw Linda 30 that's a little more uplifting than most of
records we can't play this can't win we better we better move right on
it's all right it felt like little Honda never heard of this before did you wow
quote rosefold you know this has gone all that exaggerated stereo I love it
it's so relatable
come on you ZTA he drives a Honda see now I got to start we can't do that oh I'm sorry
luckily you started early though that I W ZTA Miami Beach one of America's radio
stations it's 8.59 on Zeta 4 with Wayne Fontana and a mind vendor oh you hit the
post now we're gonna hit the crossbar oh man we're just hitting all kinds of spots
look out for the big one okay what's a record it's made for I hate this record man
fam this is one of those that guns are used to play every five minutes and the
favor so we send the San Diego to the Willie Bowley Treatment Center I got to be
honest we I never heard of this record what's it called it's right the boy right away
we're innocent I don't remember 865 come on right
to we'll just turn
haha
wonder when I remember that he marinos it though no yeah okay
I'm gonna get the record that never is I'm gonna get the record that never is
haha
well here's one of guns I will love I know this wait a minute the machine just went
by it it just skipped it doesn't like it now it won't it won't the machine is just
not they won't play certain cuts no will not play certain wait a minute hold it no I don't
want you to touch anything anything you know I'll control your son now boy talk about a meddling PD
like I said give us some help it won't look at that oh there it is boy talk about loose huh it
doesn't like oh yeah this must be written by that French recording artist to loose like tracks
yeah
don't you just drove off the road this is this is for the world series okay
put it up okay now the next one would be with the one we're going to play so we'll skip by that
okay oh wow
this is a good CD by the way these are these are 45s on CD on um mercury smash
Phillips Montana MGM classic et cetera now this is one you can hit the post on several times
Walker brother good morning
back to gloves for you
that's like having to go to jail in the Nopolis it's one thing when you step on an
thing to get the hard but when you step on all the Walker brothers at the same time
I apologize
I had to ask the last week Zeta 4 staff meeting song about taking drugs and getting high
fun
wasn't
I have to get basil
tho
excellent
triste
You're gonna be allowed early now huh?
I wonder what's that happy birthday today?
Take a no-chance, it's sunny and mild, I have 85!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
And those phone lines are open!
You wanna give us a call?
You're kidding!
You could have said great things!
The flowers!
This is when it just won't go away, you know what?
Wow, they look so cool!
Wow!
You're like my heart!
This next record, yeah, it's been a little overdown, yeah.
The next record, I can't believe you're never gonna believe this is true story, but it is.
There was a jock in Sarasota one on the ear and thought that this was a Jewish recording artist, Bobby Heeb.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
That's the joke!
No, it's true!
Yes, it is!
I'm serious!
Well, he didn't think it was Jewish, but he thought his name was Bobby Heeb.
Sunny!
To like Johnny Talon.
Yeah, you smiled at me!
I'm not that you mentioned it, the jock's name was...
Bobby Heeb.
Okay, so that's it, but number 11 now, let's get back to the real good stuff here.
Ha ha ha ha!
The original video was one of the first 45's I ever bought.
And I feel blue, but I got to do this.
Take the wind out to the land I'm not so blue, when you're close to me.
I can feel your heart beat, I can hear you breathing in my head.
Close to the tree, baby, when we got a groove in our love.
We got a groove in our love.
Any time you want to, you can turn me on to.
Any time you want to, anytime at all.
When I taste your lips, oh I start to shoot.
And control the wind, and bring me the side.
Wouldn't you agree, baby, when we got a groove in kind of love?
We got a groove in kind of love.
When I'm in your heart, the place is a matter of the future.
We got a groove in kind of love.
We got a groove in kind of love.
We got a groove in kind of love.
What do you mean it's ending?
Oh I'm sorry.
We got carried away.
I know five minutes and four.
Thanks to John Ford again for that incredible work of digging that out of our library.
That's the original which is always better and of course all these stupid remakes today.
Don't be cruel man, one of the most horrendous abortions in history.
In fact those right to life people ought to be marching outside the studios where they recorded that.
That's how big of an abortion it was.
When we come back, thanks to Brian McKenzie, well he's excited to maple leafs are in first place.
And he brought us in this spy magazine July August and it's got this great segment here which probably will take us all the way up till 10 to 10.
People who died it says it's better to burn out than to fade away and I guess we had to play not fade away by Buddy Holly and honor that.
Oh that's a great song.
It is. We don't have it.
Time to go chew on there.
55 on his list.
How are we going to do this?
Very careful.
Yeah do whatever you want to take up the whole rest of the show.
There's a few and that's it.
Not good.
Similar, really.
Okay Johnny A's pledging my love.
1955 died.
I don't understand.
He died December 24th 1954 before the record became a hit.
How do you like that?
In Houston, Texas, A's and early R&B star from Memphis shot himself in a mouth with a 22 revolts.
That's the guys telling you Johnny A.
Apparently while playing Russian roulette backstage at the city auditorium during your Christmas Eve concert.
He used to play that whole time.
And one time he lost.
Dwayne Alman of the Alman Brothers Band, October 29th, 71.
At the age of 24, died in Macon, Georgia.
As you lost control of his motorcycle while trying to avoid a collision with a tractor trailer,
trucky died three hours later on the operating table.
At Middle Georgia Hospital.
Some of these are incredible.
A Mark Bowler of T. Rex, Bang and Gong, 1971, died September 16th, 1777 in London, England,
and killed in a car driven by his girlfriend, American soul singer Gloria Jones struck a tree.
John Bonham of Led Zeppelin died September 25th, 1980, the age of 32 in Windsor, England.
Bonham Led Zeppelin's drummer was fixated on his own vomit after falling asleep in a state of severe intoxication
at the home of bandmate Jimmy Page.
What do they always say their own vomit?
Well, it's better than somebody else's vomit.
Oh, that would be really grotesque.
This is really mothlin'.
Hey, I'm Tonya, a lot of you. Wait till we get to L this boy, you're gonna freak out.
The Elvis people are gonna go nuts.
Johnny Bernad, you're 16. Remember that 1960 big hit?
Yep.
August 1st, 64, died at the age of 30.
Bernad a rockabilly pinear, drowned in a boating accident.
Very chapin' out of a heart attack, you know that?
Yeah, I was driving.
Eddie Cochran, summertime blues, April 17th, 1960,
bit the dust at the age of 21 in London.
A lot of people died in London, man.
I wonder if there's something significant about that.
Cochran, a rockabilly, start with speeding to a teetro airport when his limousine blew a tire and slammed into a lamppost.
And after that it was when they came out with a record as your chewing gum lose its flavor on the lamppost overnight.
He suffered severe head injuries and died within a few hours.
Fellow passenger, Gene Vincent broke several ribs as collarbone in his leg,
which is astonishing because Gene Vincent died in his own right in 1971 at the age of 36 in Los Angeles,
from obliting ulcer partly due to alcohol abuse.
How do you like that?
Let's see, Jim Crochey, we know Sam Cook, Ian Curtis.
Ian Curtis of Joy Davison, level terrace apart, 1980, died May 28th, 1980,
and Mackelsfield, England, another one in England.
Curtis Leapsing, or the British Cup Band, Joy Davison hung himself only days before the start of the band's first US tour.
Boy, you talk about a guy still harboring a grudge, you know?
Bobby Daren.
Hehehehehehe, died while working out at a local gym.
Hehehehehehe, died December 20th, 1973 in Los Angeles, California,
died of cardiac arrest in the operating table after years of heart illness.
Cass Elliott, Mama Cass, died July 29th, 1974 in London, England.
Wow.
Died in a friends apartment reportedly after choking on a sandwich.
Boy, that British food, man, it'll kill you every time.
Marvin Gaye, April 1st, 1984 at the age of 44 in Los Angeles, on the eve of his 45th birthday,
Gaye was shot to death by his father after a heated argument at his parents' home.
I'll remember that well.
They were fighting over a sandwich.
Andy Gibb, May 10th, 1988, March 10th.
I'm sorry, died in Oxford, England.
I think the message here is, if you're going to say the health of England,
died at John Radcliffe Hospital of inflammation of the heart, allegedly related to extensive cocaine abuse.
Bill Haley, died at the age of 55, February 1981, and Holland in Texas, from Hartfield, you were at home.
Jimmy Hendrix, oh, now you're going to like this.
The Jimmy Hendrix experience of February 18th, 1970, Jimmy died in London, England,
choking Hendrix suffocated on his own vomit while asleep in the London Department of a friend Monica Danyman.
He died at St. Mary's, Abbott Hospital nearby.
The coroner reported inhalation of vomit due to barbiturate intoxication, and the autopsy revealed a mixture of tranquilizers and fetabains, depressants, and sweet and low.
Have everything in there, man?
No, thank you.
Buddy Haley, we know about the plane crash, no sense of going to that.
Brian Jones, July 3rd, 69, died at the age of 27 in London, England.
Less than a month after Jones left the stones due to creative differences, he drowned in this woman pool during a party.
The coroner termed a death by misadventure, although it was pretty sure got away with words, no sense.
Dennis Chaplin, October 4th, 1970, was found dead from a heroin overdose in Hollywood, California, age 27.
Face down on the carpet in her room at the landmark hotel.
What do you mean to get graphic with this?
Face down.
Terry Kath of Chicago, January 23rd, 1978, shot himself at a party while playing with a gun he told friends was unloaded.
God.
And then Chicago with a bizarre sense of humor came out immediately after with that record I didn't know the gun was loaded.
John Lennon, shot seven times outside the Dakota by Mark David Chapman.
Frankie Lamin, I didn't know this.
Remember Frankie Lamin in the teenagers, water fools, right?
September, September.
I can't believe I fed that.
February 28, 1968, in New York City, Lyman died of heroin overdose and the bathroom was grandmother's apartment in Harlem.
God, Lord, he was really meth.
Okay.
Marley, died in Miami.
Well, he wouldn't be the first one.
Out of cancer, it's here's medical setting.
Great, yeah, they flew me.
May 11th, 81.
Remember that, very well.
Keith Miller, Ralph Renek's statement off.
Ron Pigpen, McCurman of the Grateful Dead, March 8th, 73.
The keyboard is for the dead died from cirrhosis of the liver at the age of 27, brought on by years of excessive drinking in San Francisco.
Jim Morrison, the door is July 37, 71 died in his bathtub from an official's report was heart failure in his bathtub.
Rick Nelson, buriope, philox.
Philox.
Philox.
Very Oakley of the almond brothers, he died.
Very Oakley, is here, motorcycle collided with the city box on your glass from the spa where Dwayne almond was killed.
That's right.
A year later in Daytona.
And making Georgia.
But it's close to Daytona.
Well, it had to be one of the other.
Philox, oaks.
I just want to keep him here, son.
Yeah, I know Philox, but it looks strange.
OCHS is a strange looking name.
Grand Parsons died in a motel room of suspected drug overdose.
Several days later, his body was stolen by manager Phil Coffman and returned to the Joshua Tree National Monument near L.A.
and was cremated into desert.
This father.
Now, here we come to the moment.
This is, you have to have a little music.
This is it.
I want you to friends to hold your seats very tightly now.
I know this is going to cause a lot of consternation in the audience.
L this personally.
This is only room or any window now, because we know he's still alive and living on South Beach.
August 16, 1977, the age of 42 in Memphis, Tennessee, after years of drug abuse and junk food binging,
an obese and constipated pretters bathroom in Graceland, wearing blue pajamas and reading the scientific search for the face of Jesus.
And our after he was discovered he died at Baptist Memorial Hospital of Hartfager,
a hospital employees and that he had the arteries of an 80-year-old man.
That 80-year-old man.
We didn't sunrise.
We were flibbiting later on.
And wouldn't give back you.
Oh, that's an incredible lock.
Yeah, that's all true.
There's the big bumper.
We know about that.
Here's Keith Routh of the Artbirds in London, England, no less than 33.
He got a London kid.
The Artbirds vocalist was electrocuted while tuning into car at his home.
Oh, yeah.
On Scott of ACDC February 19, 1980 in London, England.
Yeah, he went down a...
Sha...
vocalist Scott choked to death on his own vomit after a session of heavy drinking.
Wow.
I see the pattern here.
Who's the one that thought there was only from ACDC that fell down an elevator shaft or something.
Oh, that was Isaac Kays, you're thinking about Sha.
Sid Vicious, while awaiting the trial for murder of former girlfriend Nancy Spungen.
Yeah.
Basis Vicious, overghost on heroin in the apartment of girlfriend Michelle Robinson.
Didn't man see?
And we got Gene Spencer.
Where's my key, Spencer?
Oh, I got him.
I got him.
Okay.
Falsalarm, Spencer.
Dennis Wilson, December 28, 1983, Marina Del Rey, California.
The middle Wilson brother, the only real surfer in the Beach Boys, Dronda, was buried at sea.
Now, wouldn't it be something while they're looking for that third baby whale up there?
I love the way your brain works.
I love the way your brain works.
If Dennis made a comeback.
And it would play out, get around.
And at the ultimate time when you love the way somebody's brain works.
Well, thanks so much.
So there it is, little less.
