Okay, it's a 25 past seven on WABC. I'm Erbosker Anderson. Hello again. Here's my best to you.
Here's the weather herb. Oh, thank you. I was a traffic on there long,
Island Expressway. Anyway, we know that that's bringing back all those great
memories for both of our New Yorkers not walking the door. See, we have a lot
of New Yorkers here, but they don't get a chance to listen to show because they
spend all morning walking your door trying to find just the right spot. I mean,
we have people down here that used to live on Long Island. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but
they're not from New York. It's only if you're from Fire Island that you're from
New York. Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Boy, what a what a sad day it is in the
big city over there. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I do. Pretty good. I see you still got
skinhead for mayor over there. Oh, yeah. That wrong guy got a top off this again. Yeah,
that's what I want. Liberal voters out there and all the old guard, you know, they want to keep the old guy in.
Liberal voters for Bob Cox get serious. They all had they all had arm bands on the ones
that I saw voting for Cox. Yeah. Okay, but I like your show. They were humming
Deutsche Landu Barale is very quietly. You got a great show. I know that. Yeah, but I'm a police
officer down here. Oh, God. Not in Fort Lauderdale. No, in a county. Okay. You mean for the
sheriff for that fascist picnic, Navarro? All right, come on. Don't be talking like that about.
Okay, I won't say the truth. All right. For that great guy, Nick Navarro, right? That great
defender of the Constitution. Yeah, who believes in personal freedoms and liberties and live and let live.
Right. Yeah, you got it. All right. I like your show. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. See you later. He's
still a fascist pig. It's a 27 past seven. Oh, yes. Am I going to lie about it? I mean in
Broward County, like I said, they got more brown shirts there than any place else in Nazi Germany.
And any of the kids that are thinking to come in here for a spring break, you better call them
immediately. Get on the phone. If you know anybody who's thinking to come into Lauderdale,
tell them to stay where they are. They're going to get busted. They just come here here. They
breathe. They're going to get busted. But they might be here looking for a job. Yeah, that's
a great job. A big job fair. Yeah. I know that when I was in college, man, all the kids when they
got a spring break day, that's what the main thing that we're concerned about is going to like a
job fair and putting out a three piece suit. Even the girls used to put out three piece suits.
I think that disease is creeping to this part of the building. I think they're filtering
standard major disease through the vents in this building. I'm serial. Oh, don't even
joke about that. It's 727 on Zeta 4 and our next call is a mobile this morning. Hello.
Morning. How are you, sir? I'm okay. Where are you?
To the office actually? Where are you? Be this morning? My brother off the expressway.
117th Avenue in Miami. Oh, God. I'm neutral. Mm-hmm. Good luck to you. Thank you.
Can you give me a few of this and just call a friend of mine a pathetic douchebag.
Okay. Now what's his name? Today is Scott. Oh, Scott is a pathetic douchebag. I know
Scott. Scott is a subhuman douchebag. You guys got great job. Scott is, Scott is moving
mong. Okay. That's what Scott is. Thank you very much. Okay, my friend.
I'm seeing him. Went on the call of duty. Speaking of Scott, whatever happened to Scott from
Brown technical, you know who I'm talking about. Talking in the bell. How come we never heard
from him again? I love this show. He's a group, group, groupie. I can't answer your question.
What happened to him? Boy, he'd like disappeared and I never saw him again. I wanted to have him
come in on the show. He wants to be in this business. He is in this business. He's working on some
two-hot station up in La Belle. That's the way you have to start. I lost track of him. He was working
over. He knew law is track of him. That's part of your job is keeping track of our good friends out
there. Uh-huh. Well, I failed. Mm-hmm. Good work. Bird strikes again, ladies and gentlemen. Uh-huh.
Okay. Well, I'm moving right along. I just can't believe. It's like Wednesday and it feels like
it's Friday for sure. It feels like we put in a long hard week here. Well, and let me
mention again, if there's anybody listening, uh, who knows anyone in our promotions department,
we certainly need that photographer out here this week, because the Richard Marx concert out at
the Ametro Zoo to benefit MDA is a week from this Sunday. It's the 20th. He's he's ready to come
out here, but he needs a guy. He needs somebody to come. Well, why don't you just tell him? Let's us
set it up and we'll have him come out. If you wait for them when he charges somebody, they're going to
say, why did you have let me tell you something? We forget about it. Don't be a whos. Would you please
just have the guy come out of here? And if they don't want to pay for it, we'll take it out to
Dennis Volder's paycheck. Well, he was supposed to come here tomorrow. You know how that is when they
make deductions from your paycheck, right? Tomorrow. You can relate to that. Can't you Captain Dave?
That's why I'm talking so much to the yeah, exactly. He's getting paid 70 cents a word today. I
spoke to Gary Lawrence about that yesterday. I said, you better take care of Captain Dave.
Oh, thanks. And he said, take care of this. No, seriously, I did. I said,
you better straighten yourself out. Would you please? And he said, I've been trying, but with
not much success. Now, what did you say about tomorrow? He was when we haven't come out here tomorrow.
Have him come out tomorrow. Well, it might be too late now because he has. Yes, other things too.
Well, how about Friday? I'll call him and see you. And he'll bring his stuff out here. Oh,
it's tough. Oh, no, no, no, we want pictures taken. Dave's one of those friends of yours with a
suitcase in a satchel. Okay, that's not what we're looking for. All right. Guys, he takes pictures of
a lot of famous people. He's already good. Yeah. For example, divine.
730 on Zeta 4. Now, why was there that pregnant pause like that? Okay. I said, was that
in poor taste? Well, no, but I didn't know how to come back from that. I mean, what can I say
about that? I'm going to miss the joke. Yeah, I'm going to miss divine. I do not want to be buried in
a piano case. I'll tell you that. I really don't. Divine's portrayal of Jackie Kennedy was one of the
best in the moon. What was it called? Eat your makeup? Yes, it was. This is a matter of fact. A cult
classic. Yeah, probably in a place like the Grove Cinema. Exactly. Right. That's exactly what they show
those cult classics. Exactly. Where it was. It doesn't have to be old to be a classic at the Grove
Cinema Boys and Girls. It does help if it's the gods must be crazy because then it shows for like
two years in a row every day. Did you see the red pony by William Fock? Oh, sure. Yeah. That was
three times. I think that was a cult classic. Yeah. You believe this man? I'm Tonya. It was ever
since we had that one day where he, you know what I was laughing at. Okay, let's go now Cooper City.
Or is this just some guy named Cooper? Hello Cooper. Hello Neil. Yeah, who's this? Oh, how you doing?
Pretty good. Who is this? Let me say it again. Who's this? Oh, it is Michael Laramy. No, I didn't
need your last name Michael Laramy, but that's okay. Is that isn't like Laramy Wyoming?
Find the other thing. Yeah, probably. Yeah. So how you doing this morning? Can you imagine if you were
named after Laramy Wyoming, you'd probably be one of the most boring people in a history of mankind,
wouldn't you? Why is that a bad town? Oh, why have you ever been in Wyoming? Oh, don't do it. Please,
don't do it. I never even heard of anyone coming from Wyoming. Nobody does. No.
Few people drive through it every now and then when they break down, they kind of like move in
there, like into Casper, Wyoming. Oh, the friendly city. Mm-hmm. As in the friendly ghost. Mm-hmm.
So what's up this morning? Whatever your name was, Mike? I was just thinking about the
poll yesterday. I voted for Decochets because there's no one else to vote for. Yeah, that's exactly why
most people voted for them. Right. I already agree with that. I think they should have a wider
field to some other people running that, you know, at least that are electable. Yeah.
Jesse Jackson and Robert. Oh, if you imagine that those kids were elected President and Vice President.
Yeah, I don't think that either one of them has a prayer. I like to, you never know. I agree.
But the world with the world coming to, I don't know. I know it's really pathetic, isn't it?
And I'm supposed to get on here and the line of the public and try to get them all whipped up and
excited and you got to get out there and do your civic do it. I mean, it's tragic. I can see why
people get turned off from this. I can imagine I've been really full of running around with grandma boo.
Yeah, I think that the whole world needs a prayer line to be honest with it.
If you know what I mean, Mike. Mike, Mike, can I ask you a question? Are we keeping you up
this morning? I just woke up actually for them. I'm falling. I'm like, that's hard for me to wake
up in the morning. I don't have to go to work. They'll tend. It's hard for you in the morning, Mike.
Usually, yeah. Oh, God. Why don't we don't want to hear about that? Okay. It's disgusting. Now listen,
what do you do? I do construction work. Do you? Yeah. What are you erecting this week? Right now, we're
working at what is an office building site in Davy right off 100. Oh, great. Yeah. For my favorite
city's, Davy, I love it. Yeah, it's a tough job. Someone's got to do it, right?
Oh, listen, good luck with that new erection, Mike. And have a great day. See you later, Mike.
Okay. I think we got him flat footed there. Anyway, nice reaction. Yeah, 734 on Zeta 4, we have
the line. Nobody just hung up his already flashing, man. You think we were doing bio rhythms here,
wouldn't you? Doesn't that attest to the popularity to show it at you can't even get in on his
damn show? That's right. Unlike some of those AM shows on those dying stations. So I guess we're
going to take care of the pictures and the hell with it. I guess we ought to start fixing the
equipment here too. I guess so. I guess it's a shame. And stuff like this. Someone else, I got to do,
oh, like, USA today, I guess I'm going to have to take care of that. Yeah, I think it's kind of like
our own show. I think so. I think we're on our own. I'll totally independent contractors.
Basically, it's our own station. Well, I like that. Yeah, I like that too. In fact, I'm going to start
making some changes on it immediately. For example, God has grilled today with schedule to have
heart, the grateful dead and credence, clear water revival. I think all three of them can go,
you know, together with the tiny bullman. Mm-hmm. So we'll have KC. See a lot of those washed out
hippies from the 60s. You're not supposed to say that about the dead, you know, the dead is
supposed to be where it's at. And that's because most of them can relate to it because their brain dead.
735 on Zeta 4. It's time for another one of our world famous breaks. I thought we just like
took one, didn't we? No. Are you serious? The show is moving that fast. Flying. It's like lightning
and Lucretto, you'll join us right after this on Zeta 4. Okay. I certainly will. It's a 22 before
8 on Zeta 4. And let me take a look. Now, is Mayor Galati still on the line?
Captain Dave, is she still on the line? Hang up. She hung up? Mm-hmm. Okay.
See she thinks that that's where it goes, Mayor. Two minutes. Okay, that's where it is, Ms. Mayor.
It's 21 before the hour. We've got two open lines in Broward. People keep flipping off here this
morning. Very unusual in Broward, by the way. They usually don't do that to a 777 936 100. I know.
They don't have anything else to do. Yeah. Here's a little suggestion for them.
From those fascist pigs. Like Nick Novaro.
Now we're telling you what's wrong, old Brian. Each night when you turn out the lie.
So next time you happen to be sad, make sure you stay on your bed.
Turn off. Don't worry watching you. Don't turn off. So we're arresting you. Stop. Just stop making love.
Before you break the law. We for it's days to three. You have no privacy. Don't turn over.
Don't turn over.
I look so not want to scare the French Canadians, but we do have several bounty hunters from
Homestead and Parade who are on foot, as a matter of fact, and in pickup trucks also, I guess,
underweighted the datebroward line. And we don't want to scare anybody. But if you leave now at
about five miles an hour, you're maybe able to head them off at the pace, okay? Hitting do north,
okay? Take all your French Canadians, scumbraines with you, all right? 741 on Zeta 4.
And our next call is from Fort Lauderdale. Maybe this is Mayor Cox. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Hi, this is Scott from MSU.
We're gonna blow this game fight, fight, victory for MSU. Well, that was great, wasn't it?
How's that, Neil? I was good. Scott, is that what they taught you up there? Yeah, just a little bit.
Yeah, that's about all you can learn up there in East Lansing, right? I call to give you a hockey report.
Oh, great. Okay, let's turn to the Spartans, boy. This is certainly a big year for all the athletic
supporters at MSU, isn't it? Wow. Hey, I was punching the buttons the other day and I was listening to
Patty Murray before she exited it to a clock. And what did Patty say? She was talking about her trip
down to the keys of past weekend and she slipped and said she started to meet Captain Dave. Then
she stopped right in the middle of sentence. They're talking about some other sailor.
That's funny. That must have been a Freudian slip. And the rumor is that Patty, where is a
Freudian slip, too? It's Puse. Is there any rumor to it that Captain Dave's been fratting
izing with Patty? I don't know, but he mentioned something about her the other day. I know it.
I tied the two together. Uh-huh. Well, I think that would be exciting. Really? Yeah.
Hey, Neil, have a good morning. I can conjure that up in my mind. I can see them tied like back to
the back. Have a good day, Neil. Okay, you too. I think so. Yeah, there he goes.
Okay, 742 on Zeta, before we're going to be talking about Michigan for two hours today.
Oh, good. We're going to start at Skipper's Table in, let's see, in LaVonia, Michigan, and head
for a school cracked in the middle belt to Wolverine harness raceway. Oh, maybe Howie can call.
Howie? Yeah, I remember Howie. He always calls him a reminiscence of Michigan. Oh, you have
a couple times. I think I'll have. I really. Howie? Howie? He have a problem. Yeah, I noticed.
He'd be a illan. By the way, now I got to bring something up far be it for me to dictate other
people's tastes. Okay, all the way. I do have exquisite taste in music and in people in
cuisine and in cuisine. But anyway, we were speaking of cuisine. It's funny. You should
mention that because we were at the drive-through Wendy's last night and you can't have much
better taste. Well, it's, you know, one of those quicky deals. And as we were waiting for the food,
now this was on Davey Boulevard. Okay. In beautiful Davey. Now it's not really in David's Fort
Lauderdale. And anyway, uh, sitting there and they had the radio blasting, you could just visualize
the big ghetto blast here that was in there. And of course, it was on EDR. And they were playing
at scratch stuff. How the hell can anybody listen to this? I mean, it's so loud and just scratchy
and puke and noise and mung and God almighty. It's just like any other music. You have to take it
by each individual song. Some of it's terrible. It all sounds the same. Uh, it does.
You know, you sounds the same. Yeah. Oh, that's, that's number three. This week with a bullet,
by the way. Oh, that's the one they were playing. Yeah, it's number three with a bullet
and over time. Okay.
That's the only game down with a homie show. You want to use his man.
Who that doesn't have that sound, you know, that like opening your zipper
so you can wrap up your ass. Somebody should don't you think you take it down the line?
They go, you know, take your noodles and your noodles and your other joss and stick them
way down in your furthest sauce. Stick them way down in your furthest sauce.
So thank you, Zezet. Thank you, Neil, for the captain and the bird and the horns of the
men. As far as I'm concerned, you can have the rest where I found your rocket. I found the best.
Oh, I found your rocket. I found the best.
Why does your watch keep beeping? Is there a reason for that?
I'm afraid it is. You screwed your watch up.
The one who can fix it for you. He'd be an expert in there.
You know who he is. Uh-huh.
That's off the exact time now. 745, exactly on Zeta 4. Give her take a couple of minutes.
We've got this one too. This homemade one.
Okay, now speaking of Ellen, if we got a great mole next, I know the bird's going to go nuts
over this call. Hello. Oh, is he gone?
Oh, what a shame that is.
But these people this morning are so impatient. It was a mobile caller from Michigan.
Oh, I'm really upset now. It's probably calling from the South Field Expressway.
Yeah, you hopefully to reminisce.
Exactly. Stay all those names. Talk about Dick Burton and JPM McCarthy and Bud Gest.
And what is it? The John Lodge Expressway or John Lodge Expressway?
Very good. The Edselford Expressway. I'm learning.
Pick up Dick Burton on the Edselford Expressway.
I'm sure sorry. I missed that one.
In fact, they have I-75 is up there. If you get on I-75 here, if it was completed,
which it's not. But if you got on there right now, you started heading north.
You'd wind up in Detroit eventually sooner or later.
Another exciting starting to keep in mind. If you started right now and followed,
if you followed a caravan of French Canadians by July of 2023, you'd show up in Detroit.
Or what used to be left of it.
Anyway, I guess that's disappointing. Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hi. How are you? Great. How are you?
Hi. Good.
I've been listening to you for about too much now.
And my friend Carol turned me out to your show.
Hi, Carol.
We had a caravan number five.
Is it? I thought she was in Carol's city.
Oh, God for that.
That's what we always said.
Great.
And I wanted to tell you we know somebody that you know.
Who is that?
Well, we don't want to say another name for him.
I beg your pardon?
We have another name for him.
Give me a clue.
I'll tell you the name.
Okay.
The name we call this schnutz.
Schnutz?
I don't I have no idea who that would be.
Combination between hood and snore.
I know what snore.
Oh, it must be Mr. Ego.
A.
Yeah, see I know snore.
That was the clue.
Yeah, that it could have been anybody else.
It could have been.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
How's he?
How's he doing with his problems?
He still has his problem.
Yeah, I bet.
I'm a good vote.
What do you think?
To know him is to love him, isn't it?
Well,
I don't know.
You're going to do something with him.
Exactly.
But I just wanted to call and say hello.
I did tell Carol in February 5th.
Hello.
Okay.
Well, listen, federal law prohibits us from speaking to
Carol this morning, but I'm sure she got your message.
Too late now.
I know.
But you're a sweetie.
Thanks a lot.
I love you too.
Okay.
Keep it up.
Bye, boy.
Bye.
Wow.
Boy, such enthusiasm.
Such unbridled enthusiasm is going to say at the track.
Incredible.
Speaking of the track,
now, when the hell am I going to get out to call her?
Yeah.
When the hell are you?
This weekend.
Now, you said that last weekend.
Sunday, I'm going to call her.
You said that last week at this time?
Well, I was going to go in and my good friend,
my good racetrack buddy,
crapped out on me.
Did he really?
Yeah, the guy they named the track after whose pass I have in my house.
He's been, I don't know what his story is.
He's evasive and unfriendly.
And I don't know what his deal is.
Just because he has been working for six or eight months,
whatever it is.
But isn't he working?
No, in Palm Beach.
No, he was just the alleges that he just filled in
every couple of days.
Oh, too bad.
I mean, too bad.
Well, I didn't want to go to work at that station.
I know, but I would like to see him with a job.
That's what I'm saying.
I would like to see him working.
Why?
Because he should be.
Why is that?
Because he's...
Why do we want to change his life now?
Well, that's a good point.
You got me there, Neil.
Vice President George Bush
swept all but one of the 17 states that voted on Super Tuesday,
the most spectacular event of the 88 campaign.
And they're commanding lead in the race for the Republican
presidential nomination.
Holy.
I'm going to be the next president of the US.
He told supporters of the selection I had for his business.
Don't even joke about that, okay?
Well, he had nailed down victories in 16 states by midnight,
including the four biggest Texas, Florida,
North Carolina, and Massachusetts,
and appeared to be raking in a rich hall of more than 600
of the 753 national convention delegates that were at state.
Dade voters said guests to education and taxes yesterday
by supporting the largest, most ambitious school bond issue
in Florida history.
Now, this vote will enable the Dade School Board
to float $980 million in bonds over the next five years,
build 49 new schools, renovate 161 schools,
and upgrade more than 250 schools,
and still have enough money left over to pack lunch
for every French Canadian on their way back home.
And good news this morning that Caz is still king,
but one of NBC's new primetime entries may have earned a place
in this royal court.
Day by day found its way into second place
and last week's Nielsen's.
At least one of its three showings,
its most successful night was on Thursday,
when it followed the first place Caz beat show.
And I know you want to know this,
so here it is, the third place show of the week
was NBC's Cheers.
Okay, mostly cloudy today, breezy,
with a slight chance of rain and a high of 82.
Well, tonight will be around 70.
73 this morning at last, at last check,
but we're going to double check it for you folks
in just to be positive.
Just a regular Dave Ryder in his Malif Commission.
It was told exactly.
Say good morning Dave say Dave.
We go with Niel in the morning,
but at night called a Florida party line,
9.7 foot 4400, it's 249.
73, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 5.
Like I said, that was good.
Still 73.
Notice how he's getting all these free plugs on his channel.
I know that's why he keeps saying that.
73.
That's why we keep dialing it up.
And this is obviously Zeta 4.
It's coming up on 752 755 on Zeta 4.
You know, the best call of the morning was that guy that we had a bleep.
He was good.
He was great.
He just came out of nowhere.
I know.
I was going along and the singer is so long and doing it.
And all of a sudden,
and just came right out.
See, I like that.
Yeah, he's got that parent syndrome.
Yeah, I relate to it.
Okay, now we have a very exciting call standing by and
Broward. Hello.
Oh, Niel.
Hey, you waited this time.
Great.
Well, no, I got disconnected last time.
Well, that happens all the time.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry about that.
I get you are too.
Yes, I'm, I'm Christ.
And the bird was Christ too.
I got back from Michigan.
Yeah, I just got back from Michigan and I heard that
you were talking earlier about Michigan and that you had
a situation where you're looking for Dick Burton to call you.
Yeah, we're waiting.
Well, I was in the Fridays on Evergreen.
You know what that is?
Yeah, in Southfield.
I was in Fridays.
I met a girl that the sales rep.
I talked to her about getting Dick Burton to call you.
Really?
Yeah, so he's going to try to call you this week while you're on the air.
Well, he's on the, that would be incredible.
Well, he's one of my all-time favorites.
Hey, super.
Yep.
Did you hear about the exit poll?
The Cortana Rice coming out of an exit poll?
No.
And they asked who she voted for and she says, well,
my heart told me to vote.
Yeah, I know, I know, but Joe, I wish he was, I know.
I'm going to vote for her.
I know.
Yeah, great.
I have to get out of the way into the back.
No, no, wait a minute.
Sir, we don't do jokes.
No, you're going to hear this one.
Oh, no, sir, we de-please, don't do this.
I mean, a good Michigan mobile caller
and you're going to do this to yourself.
All right, I won't do any jokes.
Don't do it.
Try to restrain yourself, OK?
I know what I'm trying to get the name of the orange
is famous in Michigan for you.
Oh, it's already famous, believe me.
Is it?
Were you ever on the radio in Michigan?
In Kalamazoo and in all kinds of other un-mentionable places, yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Oh, sure.
Oh, yeah.
Because I lived there for 11 years in Farmington Hills.
Oh, in Farmington Hills, now we're getting started
on some good stuff right out there, not too far from Northfield
down, right?
That's exactly.
And not too awfully far from LaVonia
and Wolverine Harness Raceway, yeah.
I've been there many a time.
Oh, so bad.
Left a good deal of my income there.
No question about that.
Never had a winner there, though.
Really?
Hello.
Yeah.
All right, so we got disconnected.
No, don't panic now.
Just all I said was Wolverine and right away
went into a panic and it would cold sweat.
It's not that bad.
You know, all he has to live in Michigan,
I've never seen a Wolverine.
Have you really?
Have you?
No, not that I think of it.
It's just a Spartan, right?
I never, in fact, I led kind of a Spartan existence
myself there for a long time.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
But moving right along.
Moving right along.
We don't mean to bad word this caller.
Freeway, I've heard that.
But I just got off.
I pulled up to work here.
I just pulled up 95 and I'm going to go to work.
And you have a nice day.
You too.
All right, talk to you later.
Why boy?
He's not leaving, is he?
You know, everybody likes a little.
What?
But nobody likes a smart.
You fill in the word, OK?
Two minutes till 8 o'clock on Zeta 4,
our Michigan Bonanza is starting momentarily.
Why, I'm left down with a banana.
Love, a rotten deal.
Found that y'all devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard.
But I'm going to have to go.
But nobody's got a few.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into my wife left town
with a banana.
My baby slipped by my way.
I'm a jealous man.
She found us six inch Latin love fur.
Now she does the tango with her right hand.
And right now I could just die.
He's eaten my banana cream pie.
My wife left town with a banana.
My baby slipped.
My baby slipped.
My baby slipped by my way.
I need them.
Yes, I hope you beat me in the ring.
You better than I am.
Even the competition agrees, the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami
Beach forklotted ale in the Palm beaches is the best morning
show in South Florida.
I think I was looking to nice here on an AM station
as a hero in my book.
You're like face-tiles of quieties.
You got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on
SATA 4.
I hope you beat me in the ring.
You better than I am.
Eight o'clock on SATA 4 and just a joke about Michigan.
I don't want you to panic when I go through a whole thing
with Michigan callers today.
Are we?
Hello.
Certainly something to think about.
For example, this caller from Pembroke Pines couldn't possibly
be for Michigan.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is Carol City.
Oh, this is Carol City.
Well, that's close to Pembroke Pines.
It's right here.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I see your buddy's going to be out with Kane tomorrow.
I see they just can't control Alex Kennedy.
Who?
Mr. Tom Chikker.
Oh, yeah.
Tom is everywhere.
He's like a crawling disease.
He's everywhere.
Whether there's too much violence in sports today.
Oh, that's exciting.
Yeah.
Isn't that exciting?
Like too much violence at the dog track.
That's right.
Yeah.
I just caught part of your show yesterday.
Did you mention Larry Glick?
Where is he now?
Larry Glick.
I'm not sure if he's back on the area.
He's on WHODH in Boston.
Uh-huh.
But did you know that he used to be on INZ down here?
Yeah.
Many, many years ago.
He bombed down here.
It was a total disaster here.
I thought he was a J. Michael of his time.
Exactly.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Look what's happened to him now, though.
So there's hope even for J. I guess.
Yeah.
Hey, another thing.
Did you know he's flat?
Off show host on here, Robert Hall.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Robert Hall.
I don't know.
I think he's in hiding.
I think they spirited him away.
He was always getting death threats.
That's right.
He was having all kinds of problems, boy.
Yeah.
I knew him.
I knew him.
Larry Glick.
Your buddy over on INZ got a real issue.
Are you in it yesterday?
Did he really?
Oh, my God.
The whole episode.
That's a school bond issue.
Wow.
Well, well, that's good.
Because he didn't get any response from people
who wanted to rip New Yorkers.
So he finally got his own show again.
That's good.
That's a good sign for Stan.
Oh, he was really hot.
In fact, I would suggest he signed at least a three-month lease
at his house where he's going to rent.
How many does he listen to tapes of your show before he goes on?
Yes, he does.
I got four hours of your show and then four hours of his own.
Yeah, he's got a rich full life, sir.
But I think that'll change very soon when this marriage takes place.
Uh-huh.
So to speak, man.
I thought to speak.
Yeah, last thing.
I have the bird.
Look at the Fred Pasker item today on our friend Commissioner Phillips.
Okay.
All right.
We'll do.
Keep up the good work.
See you later.
Right.
How do I understand if Beverly gets dumped out, she's going to go to work at Castro convertibles
as one of the sofas.
Where is it?
Fred Pasker?
I don't have.
Unfortunately, we don't have it.
We were not allowed to have.
I had to get the herald today in pieces.
So I have to go back and get that later.
But I will do that.
I don't know what it is about this place.
They only give it to me one section at a time.
It's like a Soviet Union.
You get like rationed out.
Yeah, they only give it to you a little at a time.
I can relate to that.
It's 802 on day to four.
If you go back that way, Captain Dave, could you snack that for me?
And we have a call from Pompano, which is probably really Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Pompano?
Pembroke Pines.
Nobody?
There we go.
Yeah.
Pills, no.
It's noodles?
Uh, it's good.
Come on, get cereal.
Will you please don't put the presses.
I can't handle the agony, okay?
How you doing today, Neil?
Great.
I missed the other day.
And there's KC called up.
Yes, he did.
But what's he coming in?
What's he coming in?
He's busy, man.
He's got all kinds of stuff he's doing.
He's making a comeback.
That's right.
You launched his no career, do you?
Yeah.
Okay, nice thing.
What happened to Josh Brandt and new Johnny Depp?
And he was going to get him to come in and stuff.
Listen, wait a minute.
We got more people who know Johnny Depp.
We had another one just the other day, whose job,
the best friend of Johnny Depp's best friend.
A friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend.
And the very least they can bring his hair in here or something.
If they can't bring his whole body,
at least bring some of the hair in or something.
And what about this rumor?
I just turned the radio on.
And the rumor kept days in the steam patty my hair.
That's the popular rumor.
That might be what, why your stomach's going to look like this morning.
That's why his throat's a little scratchy.
Have you ever heard of a voice?
Yep.
Okay, Neil.
Okay, you hang in there.
Okay, I will.
Bye-bye.
Okay, he's hanging out.
Put it back in, sir.
It's 804 on Zeta 4.
The weather ought to be extraordinary today.
Shouldn't it?
It's already pretty decent out there.
It's going to be all right.
What'd be a great day for the kids from Cooper City High
to combine their bathing suits.
It's going to be a little bit...
Just you, Alan.
That's all we need.
It's going to be a little bit...
Why do you keep acting like I'm interrupting you or something?
Keep like hemming and hawing and stuttering and stuttering and stuttering.
Oh, I thought you asked me to do this.
Did you ask me to do this?
Did you ask me to do this?
I asked you to do it.
Yeah.
But I didn't necessarily mean all at once.
Like, continuously, you could do it like a little...
Little choppy bits and pieces.
Well, I like doing it like that.
You got a weather thing torn.
But I don't know if you can find it.
Oh, the weather?
It's mixed in with other stuff.
Yeah, I don't think it's labeled either.
Yeah, shit is.
Oh, it does.
Listen, I can handle it.
Okay, I mean, I know that this is the big time radio.
I'm a fan.
I'm 77.
I'm 77.
I'm 77.
I'm 77.
Mostly cladding and breezy on 77 this morning.
We do have a slight chance of rain.
W-A-B-C-Hide-A will be 82.
I'm 24.
We'll hold it tight about 70.
And it's 73 W-A-B-C degrees.
On WZTA, Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beaches.
And it's 805.
807 on 804.
Make no bones about it.
Bones is the place for barbecue.
I'm telling you, you can go to a lot of other places at Claim to have the best ribs in town.
I've all got their cliches and their slogans.
And bones doesn't need that.
Because what they've got are those great secret recipes that they've been pumping out for 58 years.
And the end result, mouth watering.
I mean, just delicious.
The best barbecue ribs, beans and coleslaw and all those other fixings and home style cornpone down home stuff.
You know what I'm talking about.
And if you're not into that kind of stuff, you're not into barbecue.
They've got a great menu.
They've got delicious seafood sandwiches, chicken, country dinners, and all the fixings.
There's that word again, right?
I'm here to save room for one of their homemade desserts, too.
And if you're not an archaeologist, you're looking for bones.
We'll give you the address, even at some mile and a half north of Glades Road at 3500 North Federal Highway in Boka.
And if you got like an office party or some kind of a special occasion coming up, they do.
I wonder if they bring that whole thing up to your house or to your office like they did here.
Do you remember Captain Dave?
Yeah.
I'm serious. I wonder if they bring that whole truck with the big thing with the beans cooking at Loco.
Yeah.
It does look like a Loco.
Anyway, if you want to find out just exactly what they've gotten, how they do it.
Call them at 368.5911.
368.5911.
And don't forget tonight and every Wednesday, fish fry night at bones.
Mm-hmm.
And I don't think you'll find many bones, but it's fish fry night.
All white fish fillets or fillets, as Albert Gore would say.
Banner dipped and served with French fries, coleslaw, and homemade tartar sauce.
All you can eat fish tonight and every Wednesday, just 695 at Bones in Boka.
What are you doing? You're spilling coffee all over now?
Is that your new contribution to the show?
Very good.
Did a good job, by the way.
Why don't you go in the A-track room and spill some of it in the board there?
I think it's kind of astonishing that we have people who are not strangers,
but people who don't even work here who go in and just manhandle the equipment in there
and kind of turn everything upside down and twist the knobs.
You have a problem with that?
Because I was doing dubbing all that stuff on Sunday and I looked at the car machine.
I had everything going.
I thought it was right and there was no volume.
The needle wasn't moving.
Okay?
And of course, while I opened it up and somebody had messed with the buttons in here and all of that,
which thank God, at least of technical enough to understand that.
Thank God.
Yeah.
But it's kind of fun to have kind of non-working people.
Somebody had adjusted the gain control, you mean?
On Monday, Metro Commissioner Beverly Phillips was contrite and angry with herself
over her driving out of the influence charge.
On Tuesday, she hired Richard Essen to defend her.
I wonder how many days before he shows up on a certain show for the 4,000 time
this year, right?
I mean, what a great attorney he is, you know, defending the drunk.
Isn't that great defending people around there, endangering other people's lives?
Essen is the high-profile drunk driving lawyer who informs from 60 minutes to people magazine,
boasts 100 jury wins to every jury loss.
I don't understand.
What is this supposed to prove?
A hundred wins to every loss.
Is that so?
That's correct.
He was on 60 minutes.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, he's the drunk, I mean, not the drunk lawyer, but he's the lawyer that the, the, the, the, the, the, exactly.
Do you eyes always?
Yeah, he's the sobriety.
Oh, yeah, I remember him.
The drunk lawyer.
Yeah, the drunk lawyer.
Yeah.
I like that, man.
You say it a couple of more times and you'll see how fast he'll sue your ass, okay?
Boy, you know, Mr. Ronwood lawyers on here, unless of course it's Ellis, then you can have a lot of fun
because he's got a great sense of humor, you know what I mean?
Ten minutes past eight on Zeta.
And we'd be going to Miami.
We don't even have to give the numbers out anymore.
You know, that is not exciting.
I like that.
That's how much the audience has gotten into this damn show, okay?
Right.
They are so deeply into it.
And here are the BGs and how deep is your love on Zeta 4?
Wouldn't that be something if we played that?
That would get Dennis Folger apoplectic.
And you notice he's conspicuous by his absence.
He's been goofing off lately.
You know that he has really been goofing off.
What?
Seriously, he's supposed to be here 715, 730 coming early and leave late.
Yes, he is.
He's supposed to be in early bird.
Well, Glenn and I have worked for PDs that didn't show up to like one in the afternoon.
Well, and that probably was a bonus in a lot of cases.
You bet you're...
I bet you're...
You're a Cune came in at 4 and left at 5.
How much damage could he do, right?
Oh, Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I got a song for good.
You got a song?
Yeah.
Go ahead, sir.
Hey, you wanna push it, but you're pushing it through.
Grow, let's push you aside and send you what's good to you.
Guess they're having it.
It's the other one.
You're having it.
It's the other one.
You're having it.
You're having it.
That was a good one.
I think there was one word in there that maybe was a little bit nervous, but that was a...
That couldn't tell.
But I understand it.
So that's the Brakes Pal.
I know you tried very hard, so to speak, but don't worry about it.
It'll be all right.
Just to take two aspirin and call us tomorrow.
It's 11 past eight, on say to four.
Oh.
And look at that.
There's kind of a blank look in the controller room right now.
Which one?
Number five is a brown shirt story.
Oh, a brown shirt story from our fascist county up there.
Hello.
Hello?
Did they take them away?
Broward.
Speak to us.
Oh, boy.
I think they took them away.
Yeah.
He was calling from A1A.
Yeah, I guess they took them away in the Eric Brandon Mobile.
Can you see him coming up to him?
He was on one on each side.
He's acting with his hair.
Wow.
And it's magic.
What on two points?
Seven with my natural voice.
Anyway, it's 12 past eight on Zeta four.
We had to get Eric Brandon and Paddy Murray together.
Would that be a match made in heaven?
Ooh.
Yeah.
She could scratch his beautiful hair with her voice.
Let's see.
Now, wait a minute.
We have an open line in date.
This could be a critical situation.
620 3600 is that date number.
Kindle.
Well, you got kindle up there on the board, Captain Monk.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's been going on with Amy?
Yeah.
Haven't heard you talk for a lately.
Hey, that's to move out of call her in just a second.
Yeah.
Good idea.
You're talking about the one on the answering machine.
Is there another?
Oh, there are other Amy's around town.
Yeah.
They do amazing things on the phone.
Yeah.
Psychotic things on the phone.
That's the only Amy I know that rides.
What rolls on the hay by herself?
Exactly.
Well, listen, if you'd ever seen her, you'd understand why.
Well, have a good day.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
For reminding me.
Want to call Amy?
Yeah, 976.
Goi.
And then what it is?
Something like that.
Yeah, goi's.
13 past eight on Zeta 4 on a wonderful Wednesday.
The sunny shining.
Everybody's happy.
And Amy is.
Hi, you won't believe this guy I went out with.
Okay, his name is Robert.
And he is absolutely gorgeous.
Okay, he's got long blonde hair.
And he's baby blue eyes, which I just could die for.
Absolutely rare.
This is an old man.
And he's about five foot eight.
Well, she went out with him again.
And he could pass as a pop star or something.
That's a cutie right there.
Oh, yeah.
This is like two weeks ago.
Three months to do.
Come on.
Come on, Ryder.
What are you doing?
You slipping Mickey's by.
We're not paying for this call.
A rerun.
That's a rerun.
And that wasn't a new date with Robert.
That was the same old crappy date.
Now, if you're going to run out of stories and Amy,
we're not going to pay for it.
Okay.
I mean, it's one thing to have to pay for it.
It's another thing to get the goods.
Okay.
Shame on you, honey.
Do you believe that?
As soon as she said to die for it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We heard that crappy old story before.
Okay, Amy.
You get serious.
Get a life, honey.
I want to hear about her date with Dave Ryder.
That's the one that we're paying 250 for that one.
Okay.
I heard she makes a lot of money doing that.
I bet she does.
Mobile, hello.
Hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
We're talking about endangering people's lives on the road.
I'm on the turnpike following some French-Canadian hidden south.
Oh, good luck to you.
And I saw a bumper sticker the other day.
Wait a minute.
Do you have good aims, sir?
Well, I have a nice car otherwise I try to run them off the road.
Okay.
Listen, I saw a bumper sticker the other day.
You might be interested in it was said happiness is a French-Canadian heading north with a New Yorker under each arm.
Excellent.
That's sensation.
That's phenomenally.
And you mentioned Dave Ryder.
I won 56 dollars off of him many, many years ago.
Did you really?
And he was on another station with those numbers.
QAnne?
On an AM side.
No, yeah.
And on the end of the dial, where it kind of slips off the end of a lot of radios.
That's right.
Oh, anyway.
Did you have a wonderful life?
I'm enjoying your show.
Thanks a lot.
Take care.
Boy boy, that sounded like a familiar voice.
I don't want to put them on a spot, but that sounded like one of our people from the industry, didn't it?
A little.
It sounded like a radio perth in the U.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
That's your did the main way.
And you brought back some memories.
You can pull the wool over our ears.
You know what I'm saying?
815 on Zeta 4.
I know this is going to come as a shock to you, but I'm going to play the whole record.
What?
Yeah, from the motion picture of the same name.
Ha ha ha.
This reminds me of a raw chest.
From the movie The Big Kill.
Yeah.
I was eating lunch at Don and Bob's one day back up in Rochester.
When the night has come and the land is dark and the moon is the only life we'll see.
No, I won't be afraid.
Oh, I won't be afraid just as long as you stand.
Stand by me.
So don't understand by me.
Oh, stand by me.
Oh, stand.
Stand by me.
Stand by me.
It's the sky that we look upon.
You're tumbling, Bob, all the mountain.
You're crumble, you're the sea.
I won't cry, I won't cry.
No, I won't shed a tear just as long as you stand.
Stand by me.
And don't understand by me.
Oh, stand by me.
Oh, stand now.
Stand by me.
Stand by me.
No, I won't stand by me.
Oh, stand by me.
Oh, stand by me.
Oh, stand.
Stand by me.
We never, you're the only one who just stand by me.
Oh, okay, all you remember Phoenix Freaks out there just put it back where it was.
It's 18 past eight on Zeta 4.
You know, we should have done before we played that and I was remiss.
Zeta 4.
Great.
Okay, now that's 10 years off.
It was 61 on 71, but nobody knows the difference.
It's not important that the year is correct.
It's important that they hear that voice.
So did you see that story?
Because you were talking about Rochester yesterday and now you're playing that today and there
was a story in the herald about that girl from Rochester, New York that was trying to simulate
the scene in front of the train.
Really?
That movie.
Oh, yeah.
And she misjudged and got run over by the train.
And she really, I'll serve her right.
I mean, anybody that's that stupid.
She was trying to simulate the scene in the movie.
So you know how these things kind of fall together.
That was kind of a coincidence.
And here's the smoky Robinson in the miracles and the tracks of my tears on Zeta 4.
Now was she from Rochester, Capitol?
Yeah, she was from Rochester.
Yeah, there's got to be a few dumb people out there.
Oh, no, no.
No, no, no.
You have to be a few dumb people.
But you notice we get rid of them, see?
Oh, absolutely.
That guy and a train man, he sped up to about 195 miles an hour man.
He did.
Going like a bad out of hell.
We just don't like dumb people in Rochester, OK?
In other words, most of the people from Florida would never have been permitted to live there.
All right.
Now, who the hell of these people that are driving in?
It's getting to be that time.
Yeah.
It's 20 past eight.
You know what that means?
All these pan and he asked bureaucrats and what are bureaucrats and middle level management and lower level management and upper level bureaucrats.
