It says what will happen to morning drive on Zeta for now question mark by Lordess acivato
Uh-huh, and she says now that the erudges has moved from Zeta for to W.I.O.D
The question arises who will move into Roger's former slot and then there's some information here
Which to me is just staggering and says Dave Capri does been hosting the show with John Ford and Ron Harris
Oh, what the hell is that all about what is here? Huh?
You said this morning doing what? Yes doing what?
I know this commenting you know commenting and then it says when asked if this was the permanent line up Zeta general manager Tim Williams
Preferred to focus on the on air presentation and said only that the still now listen to this very carefully because I want you to
Analyze it afterward and said only that the station is aiming for a cross between
Album oriented rock and an oldie sound now what the hell does that mean? I don't know. I thought they were classic crock
Right and then it says a possible candidate for the job vacated by his old nemesis would be former W.S.A.C.
Morning host Joey Reynolds who's remained in South Florida since he was released from she last spring and has made no secret of the fact
He's here to stay Rogers consistently beat Reynolds handily in the ratings when they were competing head to head for almost a year
Reynolds has made several guest appearances outside the market most recently
Been working on a new nationally syndicated comedy game show with Morton Downey Jr.'s production company
Reynolds and Downey were roommates 25 years ago in Syracuse right and Reynolds credits Downey with starting his career in broadcasting
So it's not just his words that we have to blame for now
It's Joey that we have to saddle him with two okay
That was just a room right on all it's just a lot of room place. Yeah, I want to ask you a question
You may have a edition of fire magazine. Yeah, no
What's your mission is it is October oh God you got me you got me I went to the new stand. I saw in November
Not nothing nothing about what you were talking about well, maybe it was October
That's a good magazine by the way you ought to go subscribe to it. That's got some neat stuff in there
Yes, I don't know you were talking about it really want to get that okay, okay, you have a good one now. Bye-bye
Okay, we're off to a really flying start here this morning. Thank God. Oh really when I sat down
I thought boy there we go the honeymoon is over
It's like these people are really turning stiff fast on us and of course anybody who turns stiff fast in this town
It's like a miracle
Um now he just reminded that because I saw cloud pepper on the news last night
I think cloud peppers like the epitome of this state isn't it?
He's like everything that's wrong with Florida you look at cloud and you see it right there spinning before your eyes
By the way speaking
The mobile callery kennel is he on the bat line now. He's not on the bat
He's gonna be on the bat if we wait till suckers
Okay, he's probably in church now praying and if you had a show like his okay, let's take this mobile phone and candle
Hello, yeah, I'm gonna wait until tissue above okay, or she voices coming to and June
I like tissue above better. Hello. Nealee. This is Mendo from candle. Mendo how you doing?
Mandal I've got a little funny. You know what I said. I said you're a great caller
Mandal I
Know I saw a billboard on North candle in a hundred and seven teeth. It said Harvey from candle is back. Yeah
I'm a penny patent show. Yeah. Well, what could I say?
You know there's only one thing worse about the elections being over and all the campaign ads that we throw on TV
Over how many years are gonna follow now?
Neal I don't want to rub it the salt in the wounds, but it's just coincidental that after Howard Kleinberg wrote that editorial
praising Harvey from candle the Miami news going out of business
Well, I understand it is probably gonna be down there at the depot tonight with me and Steve and Tom jica and the bird
Well, I know we can't wait to have him for dinner. He makes salads. I understand that's what they say at the Santa Rhea House, too
Very careful with the salad. Okay, man. Well listen have a wonderful life, but you're giving me a jid already okay with the phony accent
Let's go to Palm Beach. Hello
Before you even get to the memo man, they got more people working in this building. It's incredible
It's like Macy's parking lot. Okay now anyway, you were listening Saturday. You were monitoring the Ernie Sochin. I heard part of it. Oh Ernie
You're so one and all these old parts were calling you are all the chronics that Ernie doesn't know the voices
Now when he was on at night he was so intelligent and now all he does is sit there with that moron who laughs and everything and it's so
Grading on my nerves
Why the hell are they listening? Yeah, they have something important to do like mixed their lunchtime at a mussel or something at this hour
Wouldn't you think they'd be doing that getting it ready?
Well, it was great. Lordus didn't know who you were now who the hell is Lordus?
She's the one the radio writer the hero you talked to her one time. Yeah a couple of time. Mm-hmm
The other major thing to announce is on Friday
My horse came in did you see no lady whiskers ladies whiskers?
I saw it on TV on the call of 320. I don't know
but it I saw the race on TV and
Not only did that horse win. I mean it was a strong strong win and I was all excited
The only question was why didn't I go out there?
And plunge on this man really believe that he can look in the newspaper and pick names out of the it happened again
Go on to the track the day that you go out there and you start putting your money where your brain is
Yeah, you're gonna plunge your guts out. Okay, and you're gonna be whining you'll come on you're in wine
Just like these people say
In fact, maybe your cackling will turn to whining it was
Please some of these it was my I had a strong feeling on that one it jumped out at me out of the paper
Yeah, it did how about what did I pick?
Instant Robbie I didn't hear anything. Oh, no, it's a Robbie came in a second. Yeah, I saw did it
I saw big Stanley one yesterday
So that's not bad. We had a first in the second again on Friday and anyone should bet on big Stanley just
Just because of the name exactly. He's a little under the weather by the is a we hope he recovers very soon
We do 1017 at W I O D W I O D
We're way over the quota for this hour. Okay. I could off now. Okay. I'm ready for my hate letter now
We can knock it off because one thing I'm not gonna do and I don't want to get anybody upset
I'm not gonna I just have a thing I've been doing talk for a long time
I don't like when I punch up the call. I don't like saying hi you're on W I O D
Right it just sounds so contrived. You know, it sounds so fake
Mm-hmm, and it is fake you know like when you see somebody at the mall. Hey Joe you're on W I O D
You know, so we'll do it another way we'll just sneak him in there
Yeah, we'll accomplish it a different way. I mean by the time you get listening through listening to the show every day
You'll be so positive of what station you're listening to it'll be like emblazoned on your butt. Okay
There'll be call letters two call letters on each cheek. That's how positive you'll be you want him to be able to sit down for a month
When you get through listening to the show. Okay, now here we go program director W I D
This is November 7th. Okay, now isn't that the day that we started? Yes, it is we could go today. That's right
Dear sir boy, they shouldn't waste any time did they?
Your sir needless to say I was tickled to death when I heard that Neil Rogers was coming to I O D day time but
I didn't spell DID apostrophe E and T
I didn't know that a show is going to be co-hosted by Glenn Hill
Contrived or real I see no reason for Mr. Hill on radio. Mm-hmm. Frankly his voice makes my skin crawl
Good capital letters skin crawl. I listen to Neil on Zeta for about the first three months and then tune back to 102 FM
Yeah
Oh magic is that is I hit the Zeta button on my car radio every morning
But only listen well Hill was absent which had to be very infrequently I guess I I really don't know what it is
Hill does opinions are like noses I guess and I really don't figure you're gonna take the gas pipe because of mine
But I guess I'm gonna have to do the same thing with W I O D that I did with Zeta tune in and if Hill comes on
Change station sign J.B. In Coral Springs see later what this reminds me of it reminds me I was listening quite a bit coming to work
This morning the Daven John over on our the weasels on our former station
Mm-hmm and there are some of the people who call in who go through this course
There are butlickers everywhere with anybody on the area you'll immediately have a little group of butlickers and
They're going through this thing about well
We didn't like me because he didn't play enough music
We're not playing any more music now than we did they're playing about two maybe three records an hour
They're and they're rambling on and on and the music is banging away in the background
Mm-hmm and it sounded better today than it did last week. I'll be honest with you, but it's not a music show
I noticed and the one guy was saying well, do you I used to have turned off?
I love the rest of the station and I guess the logic is I was thinking about that very deeply okay
So in other words are gonna trade the five four for about a one three?
So all the people but least they'll be consistent. They won't have to change their dials
Yeah, and it can be consistent all through the day. Yeah. We'll have the big bulge at one day for prize
You're not as early as I thought you'd be when I read the letter. I thought you'd be epic not after listening sensitive and
Well in skin in the early days emotional. I used to get upset and apoplectic for like five to ten minutes
Yeah, today after being with you for all these years
five or ten seconds. Well two years
That's all these years. It's not about corny or ten seconds. It's ten twenty on W I O D
And if you're gonna fix up the home for the holidays and get all that mum
Maybe your four kind of looks like an elevator or one of those Bohemian hotels. I don't want to get to graphic
But six times W I O D
It's ten twenty four W I O D now you're getting into bad habits already
We've only been here on a week and you're starting to listen to radio again
I should know don't you understand that listening around on AM radio is one of the worst things that you can do to yourself
You're gonna be depressed and surly well
I laughed but all the things that made me laugh were unintentional. Yeah, yeah, okay
Let me take the mobile call first here because I can't when I see mobile on there. I can't restrict restrain myself. Hello
Hello there. How you doing today? Okay?
My name is Jeff. I own the people off restaurant. Yeah, Jeff. I never got in for a free plug here. Is that it Jeff?
Well, no looking for a opinion on these restaurant reviewers
My beef is I've had my place 13 years. Yeah
Never been reviewed by anyone other than my customers who are still coming back
I know now wait a minute. Are you the guy that you're on flag?
We're right. Oh, yeah upstairs there right. That's a good place right and I have great food and been there forever
I can't get anyone to come in there and review it
I don't know if they're too lazy to climb the stairs or what the story now. Let me ask you a question Jeff
Are you doing good business there great?
Don't invite anybody to come in a review would could be the kiss of death
I don't know what they could find. Don't you understand their tastes in their earlobe
I mean in this town you've got some of the worst restaurant reviewers in the history of mankind
I don't want to mention any particular names, but man
There are some of these people who who like shill for certain restaurants. I don't want to mention the
one that I've been to the last one
One that I thought was the worst has retired. Thank God really?
Who is that when the sister oh?
She retired right for someone else doing it. She retired. She's like 20 years old for crying out loud
I guess I decided to have babies
But anyway, this is the first time I've been able to call you because by the time I close my restaurant and get home and get to sleep
You're probably were just getting up for your old show. Yeah, so now I'm on my way to work to open up
Now keep it quiet Jeff. Don't don't let any of them in there. In fact if they come to your door kick him out
Right. Well, I was hoping you guys would come down and join me to eat one night
We'll be there and I've been there many times. It's an excellent place
I'm just saying it because you called because we've talked about it before that's another reason I wanted to call to thank you
Because the number of my friends have told me you know, why don't you take something to Neil or
Jim McCall and I'm always sleeping at that time. Yeah, why don't you bring something to Neil by the way?
Well, you're down on downtown now, right?
Then you're on flagl history. We're on 79th street in the car. That's a thirty six. I'll be there. What's today today's Monday?
Right? Yeah, okay. What day is good for you this week?
Any day you like not tomorrow not tomorrow Wednesday'd be great. Okay, I'll let me in with no problems
I got news for you. Listen if you got food on you, they'll let you in this place real quick. Okay, all right
You got it. I'll be there. Okay, Jeff. Thanks. Yeah, before the end of the week. Okay. All right. Bye-bye
Okay, anyway, what the hell did that have to do with anything?
But he was mobile and I wanted to get him on and he's got a good place
Mm-hmm, and he's right the restaurant critics in this town stink the place out. They really suck. Okay
Remember when those little guides came out a couple of weeks ago in the hero. Oh, God
We had a whole show on that thing. Yeah, and they left out great like Ruth Chris stay-cows
They leave out of there, which is one of the premier stay-cows is in this area
And then they put in places that I wouldn't send a chihuahua that's right. That's right
We all right anyway. You made a comment and it's long overdue
And I guess I'm gonna let it out now. Okay. I've been holding back for a long time
But I think that it's well I haven't been holding it back
But I just haven't laid it all out together. Mm-hmm for years in this town
I worked from eight to midnight, which is really not a good shift people used to convince me that that was like prime time
TV
In this market it's graveyard time
Yeah, because mostly what you're talking to is a bunch of geriatric old parts who have nothing else to do our board to tears
And you're like a baby sicker
And I never looked upon it until I got out of that God for a second shift and went under in the daytime when
Living and breathing people are awake. I can steal that line from Dave
We used it this morning on Zeta living and breathing swear to God. It's swear to God
They're using all my lines over there now
Unbelievable and if they want if they want to pay by the word just put the check in the mail
So anyway, I would sit and read US News and World Report and Newsweek and time and the nation and this and that
I must have had like a dozen publications the Washington Post weekly the New York Times
I had delivered to my house which cost like a fortune yeah to get home delivery on the times
And I would do all this preparation if I had an author on a show
I would read the entire book wow
Okay, and most of those authors for some reason that send in the books. They're like six 700
They're like war and peace on a bad day
And I would go through that whole damn rig. I'm a roll like come on do a great interview
We'd have a wonderful and the calls would always not usually but always be like the fel Dean lady, okay?
I mean, I bring this doctor on who's had a cocaine addiction problem who's lost his family
Lost his practice nearly lost his life over cocaine. He goes through this long
Gut-wrenching personal story trying to warn people about the dangers and the addictiveness of cocaine
And we go through the whole song and a dance and about the miraculous comeback
He made in his personal life and his practice and the first call is this old bitch
Hello
Taking fel Dean what can you tell me about fel Dean?
And that's this town, man
That's this town too many. I mean you go to Los Angeles. You'll find old people you go to New York Chicago anywhere
But they're not all jammed in these huge numbers into like there's no century village in LA. Okay
There's century city, but there's no century village
Or in New York or in Boston. You don't have these massive massive numbers of geriatric old farts who've turned this community into God's waiting room
And that's what it is and they keep telling us hey the beaches coming back man the beaches are the beaches a nightmare
Okay, the beach is a toilet
It looks like Calcutta on a bad day wow
And that doesn't even speak for sunrise and Tamarack and Hallendale and all the other wonderful
geriatric waiting rooms we got in this town, okay
And every one of them drives yeah and every single one of them drives a big battleship in the middle of the road, okay?
With their head barely peeking up over the steering wheel over the bottom of the steering wheel
And that's the problem with this town
They want all the young people out of this town and the thing that amazes me is how docile how easily the people
They're just roll over and play dead man. They don't don't want us here fine. We'll go away like all the spring breakers
Mm-hmm now why should that beautiful fort Lauderdale beach be sitting there? I'm not gonna say it's empty
But why should it be devoid of life
Because we got a bunch of stupid old farts who don't want young people here mm-hmm
They don't like to see people having fun good time is outlawed in this time man
They hear a good time you're probably gonna spend 10 to 20 they hear someone on the radio laughing
Yeah, that's why they hate your guy. They hate you like poison, okay?
Because I'm having because you're having a good time and at a laughter just turns there inside job man
It twists their kishkeys inside out. They said that on Ernie show Saturday morning
Yeah, I'm set exactly that well Ernie's got it. You see there's a revolution here on WIOD that they didn't realize it started a week
You go today and when we did the show on Friday and we had all those students calling in and last did we were ready to give up at 10
25 it lasted almost the entire show
phones were solid we had all night say 90 to 95% of the people who called were students
17 18 15 20 whatever the hell they were they were great no question and this business to have in these
Geriatric old farts who take over AM radio in this town that was what was wrong with it in the first place
Mm-hmm and two years ago we took in the station kind of revolutionized it of course
They put it right back to where it was and then some but that's their problem, you know
Mm-hmm. Thank God. I mean that all news format that that demographic over there is like a hundred plus yeah
That's what they want in order to listen to WINZ you've got to have your teeth in a glass
No, seriously you have to have a glass of polo
Or they won't let you listen to that radio station that's a true story
I guess that's common knowledge. Yeah
So anyway, I didn't mean to get all emotional about it there
But you just hit it off and these people think they own everything they think that this this station
Any station that's got talk shows on it is theirs and they're gonna call it and like I started to say before I got emotional
Interrupted myself
You do all these great things and you talk about things that really matter and you try to change people's minds and influence
And it doesn't mean it a goddamn thing
Mm-hmm, doesn't nothing I
Said a goddamn thing I kind of slipped on it there because I'm used to you know censoring myself from the other station
Mm-hmm, but Portland Maine doesn't run this station
So when they would call up the old farts would call up saying what all they talked about when he was on eight
Yeah, well when I used to be their babysitter over and over and alive boy
It's a beautiful day, man. It's fantastic. It's gonna be in the low 80s the sunny shining. There's a nice breeze out there
It's perfect go out and take a brisk walk and leave us alone get your heart pumping so you know you're still alive you miserable old farts
It's true and why the hell don't the people in this town have the guts to say it to tell it like it is
He's take a beautiful area like this now like you go to who you know this mic Disney just came back from Hawaii
Yeah, and sunny was talking about going to Hawaii. I've been Hawaii three times twice this past summer
Right, and I'm gonna tell you something similar climate not as humid. They got the breezes out there the trade winds but but similar climate
But the mentality difference is incredible people are having a great time
Why are all these young living and breathing people? Oh my god
And they got old people over there, but they're not all like spread out in the middle of in chairs out in the middle of the street like a nursing home
Yeah, but like they can't walk out on the beach with a cup of something in their hand can they no unless it's papaya juice
haha
Of course they can walk across the street they can they can have bumper stickers they can do any goddamn thing they want okay wow
credible just like this ballgame that I you know that they can't sell out in Joe Robbie Stadium God builds a and I'm not you hear to shield for Joe Robbie by any stretch of the
Imagination because I still got plenty of problems with Joe
But the guy puts his neck out on a limb in a God for Sakin town that never filled the orange bowl to begin with most of the time
Builds this beautiful incredible stadium stadiums stadium arts scoreboard everything you never want and they still have a million excuses
Why they know why they can't park they can't do this this town is the town of excuses. That's what this town is
So maybe that'll be our topic. What's your excuse?
Now we don't have that's another thing. Okay. I'm not gonna go back to wasting my time trying to change the world and having a stroke talking to these old
Jerry-Antric Farts who get their get their jollies by listening to these contrived debates and all this crap
I'm not gonna do that again. We're having a good time and that's what it's all about and that's what takes them off
You that's what bothers them. They're on the head. They're on the head. They're on the head. That's got nothing to do with it
You just don't like the fact that we're having a good time instead of sitting here with indigestion for four hours tearing your kishkis out
Trying to get a point across to a bunch of brain dead morons
He's so intelligent Ernie and he's just wasting it with that moron. Well, we're gonna get Ernie in here one day, okay?
A good really straight in his butt out
Henry Barrow's got a WIOD news update and we'll come right back. It's 1035
And several of them lit and now they're dropping off because they assume we're not gonna take their calls
And you know something they're probably right
Too much to talk about yet too many things going on to sit here and get all bent out of shape because we you know
The caller's want to talk anyway in Miami 751 WIOD and Broward 524 WIOD
Bokin Delray 278 WIOD and Palm Beach 655 WIOD and all would make me feel really great
Is if we had a couple of real-old farts call in and give us that routine about what would this town be without the senior citizen?
Right, right. You know what it would be without the senior citizens a pleasure. I think they're dialing I think they're dialing as we speak
Do you have to say that? No, I don't think so. I think the honeymoon is well over and of course
We really ticked them off when we took all those young people yesterday. Oh, I'm third day
We did under 30 and then on Friday. We did students and that really just didn't they say this switchboard was mob with complaints about that
No, we hear that now. He's leaving us now. No. No. I don't think so
I don't recall how you like hope kind of like make it up as you go. I was hoping all right
We got a call about her. Neat show. Hello. Yeah, you know, I figured I'd try to be a part of the WIOD family
so Saturday I tuned in
To to IOD say one more time sir to WIOD
And the 87 hours to listen to listen to her knee show
and
He had I got to say his best show was either the socks or the flagellant show
And does happen to be the only two shows I had ever listened to yeah, in fact if you put those two together
You really got you got a hot subject there somewhere on IOD. Yep
So I figured I give her a shot and let me tell you I don't know who was worse him with the plant out there
Now see here you go. You're I'm the the intention here was not either for but looking
Ripping we don't want to rip Ernie because he's part of our WIOD family here with WIOD
I don't think he did a well enough job defending really really
Oh, so in other words Ernie was allowing people to call it and rip me on his show is that why did you just come right out and say it?
Okay, that's the way I see it. Okay, that's the way I see it in other words
He had a four-hour neo-rodgers hate fest. Yeah, well before that like I said Ernie's a piece of
Expum in okay under the IOD that's right
He talked about gun control which is one of his third favorite subjects
Oh, and then he went into school signs and why are they yellow? I don't understand
No, the problem with school signs in date county is not why are they yellow?
But why have they got six lines? I mean even at the optometrist you can't read that many lines in 30 seconds
And as you're driving by in two or three seconds you're supposed to read six line except Wednesday except on the bookish
Aldrin at Tuesdays. I mean these people in date county man these government people all over
So far to the biggest bunch of morons it ever came down the pike
Well, I think his problem was that the yellow sign gave him some type of bladder response
Yeah
All his figures
No seriously was he allowing people to call it and stop me up because I didn't listen
I only listened to part of it. I got sick of it and I was in my car. It's kind of forced but
From what I heard. Yeah, you were kind of forced like at gunpoint. Well, you know my wife is that's the only way I'd listen to Ernie show
Who did a gunpoint?
But the family we've got a spottum. No, we don't
He doesn't do this for a living he can't make a living from that one Saturday show
I heard him belly aching that one day when they took him off his Sunday
They were putting on the best of can and he was carrying on like a like a spoiled child carry
Why did they take me off on Sunday? Oh my career
Maybe if maybe if we're lucky he'll call the show
We'll get Ernie to call in today. We'll straighten him out because Ernie's basically a good guy just in the wrong business
Yeah, well, I've gotten never to do my Ernie section junior again. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you, sir
Okay, you know, he is so chronic now. I know that's Paul hard. I don't mean I don't mean Ernie
I mean Paul Harvey Jr. He is so chronic now just give it a rest for about two weeks. Okay, Paul
You know, he reminded me he did have one call or Saturday that said Ernie that sock show you did me and my husband are still talking about that
Yeah, what does that tell you about their family? Okay, but they're still talking about the sock show they've needed a year and a half ago
That's a lot about this town and its mentality when they talk about socks for four hours
All right, but here was the classic here's the ass the lawyer by the way
I don't see anything happening on those Palm Beach lines and if you think we're gonna be nice to you like we were last week
The honeymoon is over okay, and we're gonna start weaming you out and exposing you to the rest of South Florida
As to what a bunch of laid-back douchebags you are in Palm Beach
I was listening to Steve the other day too, and he had one of his contrived debates
And the same thing he said well, we're full in Dayton, Broward Palm Beach and Boka
Yeah, so it's not just us. They just don't care up there. They're indifferent about anything
There are a bunch of mong brains
278 w i o d in Boka and six five five w i o d in Palm Beach
See if you gave all the numbers that's four w i o d's right there
Just given the phone numbers okay
Yeah, so if you gave the four the phone numbers like six times an hour you only got one
W i o d left to give to meet your quota wow
This is like the Florida Highway Patrol. You know how they deny they have quotas
We have quotas at w i o d and I got news for you this hour
We are so far over the quota man. We did like three hours of collaters in one hour
This is great. Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. The w i d is back
Hey, i'll be damned. How you doing? What pretty good uncle Neil?
You're going to i o d now so forget i'd call and check in and not become chronic
I'll be damned. Where have you been all these months?
Well, we've been in search side listening why move to Hollywood but the boys of search side are still there are they really there still got out while you were still young enough to get out
I tell you heard you talking about the blue hairs again. Yeah, why forget i'd call they're in vaden search
What do you mean they're invading search side they are
Surfside well they are now used to be us man the median agent surfside is 96
Roughly yes, that's why we're trying Hollywood now give that a shot. Yeah, that's a good young town
Bad median age is about 72. Yeah, well listen
You just improved 24 years in one move man. That's not bad. I still listen to you though
So maybe you'll give them all heart failure that well that's what we're trying to do. Okay try to have like a massive death show one day
That's great. I mean you keep ripping the blue hairs. They'll have a heart attack
They'll die will bring the median age down to 50. Okay. Good hearing from you, why?
Okay, I'll try not to be chronic. Bye bye. Okay. Wow. I wait a minute. Is that done Cox on eight talk about chronic. What do you want?
I just wanted now that you're having people over 20 call. I just thought I call and say good morning. We said over 20 not over 60
I ain't good nil you're a lot older than I am. Am I really? Yes, you are deal. How old are you?
I'm 40. Oh, I'm like six years older than you are. Why are you real old now? I don't think anybody was older than you are
Sunny foxes older than both of us. Yeah, Sunny's older than both of us put together
Well, anyway, I just thought I didn't tell you that I was enjoying listening to beat on Ernie today
Yeah, what about that Ernie? What the hell are we going to do with him? I don't know. Maybe we should get him a job as a used car louder
Maybe we should get him a job on WLYF then he could really relate to those 90 year blue hairs, you know
In goodie couldn't say it
In which there on the same station. Wow, we call it the big sleep
By the way if anybody wants to call in and rip Ernie today are telephone numbers
Oh, man, I got this memo this morning
See we don't even get original of memos we get copies of old memos because we're new here
Will bill doesn't want to waste an hour. He doesn't want to waste the ink of writing new one
So he here's a memo that was June 20th
And we get it now. It's marked 1114 Neil and Glenn
And we our goal is to say our callators at least 25 times an hour
You know if you were on it we've already done 75 this hour on a music station you only have to do 15
Really? Yeah, oh, you're lucky
You know music
See our assumption is that the audience are a bunch of absolute morons
They haven't got any idea what station they're listening to and we have to keep telling them over and over again
Yeah, it's called in the business job justification
Yeah, right
But at least bill wise admits that he's memo crazy and the
And basically we just they're going to ignore most of many ways
That's it
You got it
Okay, Cox
Bye, there he goes Cox on the radio boy
He's getting almost as chronic as sunny as any well. I said almost
Yeah, nervous that's almost man
These FM people you see when they really want to reach an audience they call this show
It's true. Yeah, it was that way when we were back on the
W.I.N.Z when the headlisters under the age of 100 which is no longer true. Oh, those were the days
By the way, I want to announce
Pubically that I received my last paycheck came in the mail
I want to thank Rose for making sure that that happened came in the mail Saturday really I haven't gotten mine
Well, yours will probably be there today. You're down there in Yenem's belt that mail takes longer to get there
I'll let you know mine did show up on
Saturday and I've decided that once I and I ran to the bank man
I put it in the automatic teller like faster than grant took ojas
Okay, I got that in the bank and endorsed it and now that we're all
Finished now I can really rip the crap out of moké. Well, let me do. I was a little bit
Let me get my first okay now yours is in the man
Besides the check that's coming from there is so small that you make any difference you're right
It's a minor so now we can really tell the audience what a bunch of douchebags
They were in how they treated us like garbage and it was always on days like your birthday
Or the last day when you came back from vacation when you were really rested in a good mood
They'd always pick days like that and then they would call you and
You know and go nuts
Just go crazy
We don't want you to be number one. We want to be number three number 23 number 53 and they're well on a wave by the way
Yes, they are we like to congratulate them
So their goal will be reached no question about that we do have an open line and date by the way where we hung up by 25 minutes ago
At 751 W I O D
Depend on it. Okay, it's a 10 50 10 before 11 o'clock
And if you're looking for a great place for dinner tonight
I suggest you get the gang together for a pen 55 at W I O D W I O D
I think we got a whole quarter for the show window. We do 100 yet. I don't know positive
Okay, Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. How you doing fine. How are you great?
Thanks for closed Friday, right? I think so last time we checked
We could still have
Stop payment on the check. Don't you think on highly unlikely because the check is on a bank out of Portland, Maine
And by the time they call up to Portland pretty unlikely in addition to which it's against the law. I see can't stop payment on a payroll check
Is that right now we know yeah
What bothers me about the you were talking about the old parts earlier their driving habits
You've noticed in the parking lots and they they pulling these huge balacips
We're about those 90 pound car doors and smash the side of your car. Yeah
Very disturbing. I've retaliated. I bought an old car and then and go to the parking lot myself and watch them
Pull in and then do a little damage. Yeah. Yeah
That's always been my dream and in fact, I'll probably go on and get one more car. I need another one
Yeah, buy a 50 dollar car that barely exactly get a junker that you couldn't care less about and just better the crap
But some of these old balacips you know exactly
I want to make it. Let me let me tell you the best place to do it. You know the public's parking lot at 69th and Collins
Wow, that's where the ankle paramedics hang out in fact
There were narrow aisles and the parking is purposely so narrow that they're like fist fights in a lot
That's a great place to do it. Yeah, and the big caddy doors come swinging out and they come
Pulling themselves out of the car. Yeah, and you come and you walk out of the grocery store and there you've got a several things
And the thing that I love about a lot of those people is they love to use the handicap spaces even though they're not handicapped
Those are some of the favorite ones the old parts that love to pull in those handicap spots and take them what you know
That are big enough for three battleships. Yeah, but they don't have they don't have the stickers for the mentally handicapped
Which is what that is true. That's a good point
I think that's what they are. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks for talking fun driving to you. Yeah, talk to you later. Bye-bye
Yeah, that's what I would like to do is get in that parking lot and just and go the wrong angle
You know what I'm saying the wrong direction?
Where the cars are off park that angle going to the left? Yeah go from the other angle and just rip up like the front of about 15 of those cars
Like a fantasy speaking of fantasy. We have a done cox story on three. Hello. Yeah, remember when he had that problem and went to the pouki a few years ago
To the pouki remember come on you remember he had a problem
He's probably listening that he knows me. I'm not gonna say my name, but uh
Anyway, he's a great guy. That was wild to hear from him on your station, you know
Yeah, well, especially since he called on what Wednesday or Thursday last week. Yeah, he's becoming chronic. I didn't realize that
I missed them. Well, we had sunny call in
And we had all the well-swimming rick and spuds both called in. I think it was Wednesday
It's amazing how they love you when you go to wio.d. Oh, yeah
When we come to a.m. Man, we're just to the greatest things since sliced bread. We were on against them on FM then
They were real nervous. I know everybody was in fact last December remember when I was calling those people on the air
Yeah, and Tanner was about the only one Tanner and Joey were the only ones who handled it well the other ones were nervous breakdown time
They knew they were gonna be third or fourth. Yeah, like rose one need a big exact now not rose
Oh the big the big level man is man. We don't want to say Tim Williams name
And by the way, let me say this. Okay, if somebody isn't a public figure
That doesn't mean that we can't talk about them on the air if we feel that they what they're doing in their job
If somebody washed my car for example, they did a crappy job, and I said John Doe
Really did a crap-o job on a car
It doesn't make any difference whether he's a public figure or not
You can still criticize him
And this idea that somehow they're above criticism like they've got some special dispensation from the pulp or something
They're nuts. So we made a comment about you on Greg's show last week. Yeah, I don't know who I don't it wasn't Greg
Or somebody else they called you a fat you know what fat-faggot. Yeah. Oh, that's good
I can't believe they keep saying that and you know
It's like it doesn't change and every time they say that the ratings go up
Because then we get other fat faggot's in the audience who tune in just to hear it
Listen have a great day. Yeah, one last thing real quick
You can be able to sit on Jose's lap at that ABC thing when he you can be like Santa Claus type thing or just he's gonna son autograph
Just hang up on him and that's I'll explain it to you later. What now explain it to you later
Jose can say goes gonna be it overseas electronics not at ABC
So what's the big deal? There was nothing wrong with that. No, there was nothing I heard it. I know by the way
Sally Jesse Raphael has transsexuals. Oh, yeah, he's got the yeah
Some ladies who went to the bar and tied one on
Anyway, we're at the end of this hour. We'll come back at 11.05 after the news update at the top of the hour here on six ten
W I O D
10 W I O D
Okay, I got to take some of these out of order because if we get Ernie listeners out we're gonna put them on right away
We've got like half of his audience is called in already because this is our second one
Miami hello hi, no, I don't know who's talking about Ernie like that
But in no way did he not kill he speaks only favorable of you, but we're just joking around, you know as long as you said that
I say as long as you said that we're just joking around
If you let people rip me then we're serious
No, but he does speak nicely and I just wanted to set the record said if he does it
It's only tongue and chick and he's got a lovely wife and a wonderful son and the great family and all of that
But not good off earning no they knock each other people where it comes to you. He only speaks nicely
Well, you know basically what it is. It's those old butt kisses
When appreciate themselves with a host and they feel that they have to knock everybody else
We didn't say anything about Ernie. We were talking about the callers. No, I know about the come turn out the callers
I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the call that called in and said that he was ripping you for the entire time
But it wasn't true. Yeah, whenever I boy you sure you had a lot of different stories, you know, yeah
No, but this is a truth because I like I hear him and when he talks about you, it's always favorable
Yeah, so I just wanted to set the record straight. Okay, thanks. Thanks a lot Mrs. Sochin
It's 1117 at W.I.O.D
And the date bank just went dead. Look at that. I don't know what just happened there
But when we get that's gonna seriously all the deadlines went out at the same time 751
W.I.O.D
Oh god. I'm serious. They all three just went blank
Maybe the other two Ernie listeners, you know got intimidated by that lady
Here's a now this call has been a hold for an eternity a pompano story. Hello
Hello Neil I'm on W.I.O.D
That is correct W.I.O.D. sir say it with a smile. I'm on W.I.O.D
Very good. Okay. See if you can guess my voice as I tell you this lovely little story
Um, I came down from New England lived in the Boston area heard that Jerry Williams and Gene Burns on talk radio
Yeah
And I first came to Miami about two years ago to see if I would like the area
And one of the things that I knew that I would miss would be the quality of talk radio
So I stayed with Bob DeCarlo's wife. I don't know if you remember him. He was on W.I.O.D. in the afternoon
Bob DeCarlo. He was here briefly. Yeah, right. I would think one of those real
radio voice. Oh, yeah. One of the best though at that. Yeah
I was anywhere I was staying with his ex-wife and she knows radio so I said to her you know
What do you mean you wait a minute wait a minute. Oh, you were staying with his ex-wife. They're divorced
Well pretty obvious why she's a good friend of mine. Okay, so she invited me down
She lived in Miami lakes. Yeah, first time in South Florida
I said tell me a little bit about the radio especially talk radio. She had no idea
So I said okay, I'll just scan a dial
So I every day I decided to take a long ride up north to visit Fort Lauderdale in these areas
And I started scanning the dial and I want to tell you as keen an ears. I had to talk radio
I immediately
tuned into your show just by the quality of your voice. I thought you had one
Well, you weren't doing that. How then you were you were doing just before Taffy McCallum. Oh, yeah
Was that W-I-N-Z W-I-N-Z yeah, well I'd come right into your position
Route 95 and
I had just come from the cold New England winter and the warm Florida air was coming into the car
And I was listening to you on the radio and I knew almost immediately
That this was one of the best that I had ever heard that is correct
And it to this day I now that I know a route 95 and I've driven around the time it's been living here for a year
I don't have the same sensation and I wish I could go back to that initial thrill of listening to the program
You don't have the sensation anymore. Well now I know a little bit more about the
And I know you a little bit better. Yeah, but in the I just want you to know is the quality of the voice along with the humor
There was obviously there. Yeah, that was great. You're not saying that the humor isn't there anymore
No, the humor is definitely there. Okay. Now. I want to know if you can guess my voice
I've had a couple of conversations with you and I am my possibly in danger of becoming chronic
Carled assues. Oh, I know who it is who is it isn't it? Let's hear the bird nose. I know who it is
You've been you've been on the show. No, no, this isn't Bob from Pompo
Is it no, no, no, you've never been in the studio with Neil on the air? Never. Oh, well then I'm wrong. I don't know then
I was I was afraid that I would live with this label the rest of my life and I see that I'm going to I'm the Rick Ciderman turned code
Oh, you want to give a little chronic. Yeah, this is I think you're four. Yeah, yeah, six shows. I know I know
So that I'm I'm going to go for treatment for that this afternoon. Please be hearing from me. Okay, the plane for San Diego leaves at 130
Okay, okay, I have a good trip. Okay. Bye-bye
Wow. Yeah, I noticed on this station we do tend to have a few more chronics and you know
There are things we're going to have to work on to try to convey that message to some of these people and especially and he's not from this day
He's a carryover is Paul Jr
I mean, he's just gotten out of control
He calls every day. Yeah
Every stinkin day, man
The only day that we might be of the old Craig Worthing show. Wow
And I like Craig. I'm not knocking Craig
But he used to have some of the worst chronic regulars in the history of talk radio
Yeah, like Bob Darren
Is that the Bob Martin? Oh my and joy from Davy
Hello, hello. I'm on the radio. Oh
God, you know, the only day we didn't hear from all these chronics was Friday when you only took the young people
And it was a breath or fresh air if you put it at a fresh and it's 1121 at WIOD
Here's another Ernie listener up to three hello
Hello, is that me? Yes
Can you hear me? I can't hear you very well. Can you hear me better now? Yes. Good morning Neil. How are you?
I'm very well. I hope you are. Yes. I'm great
I think you are too and I'm delighted that you're back at a normal hour
I just heard a caller tell you that he wants to come to live here and leave Vegas. Yeah
I'd love to know why my husband's crazy about Vegas. Yeah, me too
I'd love I wish you had asked him why he wants to leave that area. Well his mother lives here
He wants to be close to mom. Well, he should take a train to play poker with mom. Honey. He wants to play poker with mom
If he calls back and if anybody else wants to do something to mom with a poker something like that he said. I'm not sure which one
Well, I was very curious because we are so seriously thinking of going out there
No, wait a minute Nick just wrote here Reno is the good city
I've been to Reno don't know right messages on there like I'm some kind of a douchebag Reno is fine
But it now where you have a better chance to win in Reno
I've always discovered I do better gambling in Reno but the idea that it says Vegas is a card dump. What does that mean?
Oh get out of here Vegas is tremendous
What Nick knows about Nevada man you could put in a thimble and have room for the W.I.O.D. sales staff left over
Neil where did you stay when you stayed in Vegas? Oh, I've been on a tropicales, seaseries, um, all kinds of places
Did you ever go to the golden nugget? No, I never stayed downtown
I've driven downtown at night so I could see what it looked like, but I never gambled there
It is so beautiful
Well, but isn't it ashamed that we have to sit here in what could be a tropical paradise
And looking at all these boat people who just got off the boat, you know staggering around the beach and all over the place
And we can this could be a paradise
We could be having so much money in his town now. We wouldn't know what to do with it
And we have to get on a plane and take a trip that takes like forever just to go have a good time. Yes
Lovely speaking to you. Okay, you have an ice day now. Bye-bye
And that was one of Bernie's callers and she was an ice lady, but you do notice her new demographic. Yes, it's um
Oh, seriously she was a very nice lady and she made a lot of sense and had a good sense of humor, which is great
But Ernie you got to get some young topics Ernie. You know what I'm saying like uh like our Gile socks just doesn't make it anymore
Yeah, maybe he could do like athletic socks
Or athletic supporters one or the other like no one Ernie
I wouldn't put a past him probably do a show this Saturday on jocks jocks draft
Okay, we have a open line in date where we just hung up 751 W I O D it on Steve show this afternoon another contrived debate
Stewart Johnson defender of deadbeat dads now that's not he's women is it oh this is a different guy deadbeat dads debates
Judy Wilson and boy are we familiar with her? Uh-huh justice for sexually abused children
And there's gonna be a lot of abuse on a canjo this afternoon or two exclusively. Oh, that's right Frank
douchebag is the guy that he is he still have him on
No, thank you for that while you're getting there Steve you're improving 1124 at W I O D stark radio six 10
W I O D it's 1127 at W I O D and our next call is in
From oh wait a minute before the call. I want to know. I knew I was missing something there
Um, you wanted to beg for food is that what it was from florist? Yeah
Because the track is an open day so Carmine can't be going to the track are they open on Monday?
Flores is anybody know? I don't know
But if they happen to be you know a nice plain cheese pizza would be fine
Just one and we needed very antiseptically like we've been doing put it on lots of papers so that there was no oil or anything on the table
By the way, how do you like it like our new clock?
I don't see it but it's on the way on the way. Okay. Hello. Yes. Hi Neil. Hi
Do you accept light calls?
Del Ake
Like call you know y'all get so many derogatory. I'm just calling to tell you. I'm home sick today
I teach school and the only thing made me feel better was to know I could listen to you. Oh, that's great
Oh, yeah, we except buccus and call sure
It's just a joke. It's just a joke. I'm at listen. Can I don't be uptight? I am uptight. Why?
The nerve is calling. I will just relax. Okay. Take a nice deep breath relax
Okay, what I want to ask you do you is it true you have a corvette? Yeah, I have one too
And I've had many of them and I want to know how you like yours
It's the greatest car I have ever driven in my life. Yes, I agree. It's a totally different experience of driving
I mean like you know
When you put your foot on an accelerator man, you can you got total control
You can go it's fast as the speed of light practically
And you can leave everybody in the dust and if you want to pass somebody they know it's it's just a totally different driving experience
I love it. It's a good driving it don't you? No, yeah. What year and what color it is? It's an 88 red. Oh
Get out of here. Is it? Yeah
With a very expensive way I can put I have a custom-made stereo system in it
Of course that sound advice did that was just tremendous and man-ething vibrates like a mixed master for when you get that stereo cranked up
It's great. Do you have the glass top? Yeah, me too. Yeah, and that's why I like when it rains
Yeah, don't you love watching looking up and watching that rain come down? Yeah listen
Okay, and I also wanted to tell you this of course it kind of is difficult
You know like in an intersection a busy intersection when you're looking up watching the rain come down
I know you know you're I teach school like I say but in my other life and my real life
You are a real influence on me. I use you know stereo. Are you stereo? I say that all the time. Yeah
And in pubic you know I say I go shot to shopping up pubics. Mm-hmm
And I didn't like Glenn at first, but I have to say to both of you. I
He is funny and I think he has the greatest laugh and
Just I don't know I'm he grows on you. Yeah, and you like a tumor
Yeah, I've listened to you
You're in other two stations and
Like I believe in you I can't listen to you now because I teach school
So what well the thing to do is you show or what yeah tape it have somebody tape it for it
There are a lot of people tape this show
Well listen, it's great here in from you
And you were a great caller and have a wonderful day and enjoy your event. Yeah, you too
Thanks a lot. Okay, bye. Bye. Now wasn't she nice. Yeah, I knew there was nothing wrong with that
You don't have to be bitter and hostile to call this show. It helps
But you don't have to be
yesterday. I saw
Oh written on a red but like a custom paint job on a vet was about an 85 vet
Candy Apple red, hmm
And it was the most I've never seen anything like it. It's shine
Like the sun. I mean it was just glistening. It was the most beautiful paint job I've ever seen
And it was a young man driving it too who was close to being that beautiful also and I thought to myself
Isn't that everything you could ever want in one little packet?
And he took off like a bat out of hell. Okay, it's 11.32 at W.I.O.D. We'll go to Davy. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Hi, this is Dave. Yeah, I wanted to get you straight on what Ernie said yesterday
Okay, let's get this straightened out okay. I started it. There's Ernie's a great guy. We don't want to attack him unfairly
Interested in listening to talk radio. Yeah, well we want to when we're gonna attack Ernie
We want to have a real good reason for it. Is that right like next week? Yeah, right
But what happened was some guy called and said that you were soliciting young male listeners for your personal reasons. Oh, yeah
I'm not on him. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And bird. Yeah, that's the guy's name sit next to you
Yes, okay. Um, I was listening to the show Saturday and they didn't look up the the rating in the arbitrage on because they never heard of the show
What was that the lawyers show? What did they look it up? And they had a they had a number
They came up with the number two point eight. No, I think they did. Yes, they I listened to it
So here we go. No wait wait a minute. I didn't listen and I don't listen to the radio on a weekend to a.m
At any rate I listen to music. Okay, when I'm in the car
But the bottom line is we've had about five people now talk about this show
There is there are no two people who heard the same thing
Is this a classic example of what goes on in this town? Yeah, yeah, that is quiet. You people only hear what you want to hear
Yeah, anyway now that I've done giving you that let me stroke you with what I've been listening to your show since you came on from the a from the fm
Yeah, I never listened to you before and I think you're doing a good job
Oh, thank you. You're a great American and a wonderful caller and I agree with everything you say yeah
Except get Ernie on after you instead of that Steve King guy. Okay. Well, he'll be starting this afternoon
No, he's doing another sock show today
Oh
What is he got some a couple guys who hate each other? No, he's got a guy and a woman who hate each other
That's the guy that wears the skirt on Oprah Winfrey. No, that's not Steve. That's another Steve
No, I mean it's not the guy that he's having on the show
Do we're Johnson? Where's the skirt? Yeah, is that the guy that wears the woman hater? Where's the skirt?
Pizza hall out of me could be
We'll see how he's dressed when he comes in fell all right. Bye-bye. Bye. Okay. Now Sally Jessie is having what she's having in
That's transexuals on today. Mm-hmm, but that's not they didn't use that word in promoting it
Well, let me look here in the yeah, useless today
Wouldn't you rather look in a herald that they always have a colorful thing in there? No, I like the way they say it here. Let's see
Horoldo
Church and we don't have time for her all the sexual
Watergate churches sexual watergate. That's what that's good. Yeah, they don't have Sally Jessie here
You're right. I would do it in a day. We'll check out Sally because we want to get it straight so to speak
April were them with that W. I. O. D. News updated 1134 and we'll be right back
All the lines are lit so we can't give a number
But just in case in date County 751 W I O D
Broward 524 W I O D bokeh 278 W I O D in Palm Beach 655 W I O D
See we got like seven of them and they're without even trying. Yeah
Sally Jessie today. It just one word just transexuals
I saw the promo the other day man, and they had the some woman who was a guy. Yeah, who had like
I don't know what was down there, but basically this like a smooth spot because they messed up the operation
And she was talking like this. I don't know what it was all about
But it ought to be pretty exciting especially when they ripped Sally's glasses off and they start that fist fight
Yeah, yeah, they're favors. Okay, let's go to waterdale. Hello. Hey, Nilly. Yeah, I don't okay pal
Sally what's the story on trepidation is gonna be played anymore or the FCC on your butter?
Well, there's nobody on my butt. First of all, let's get that straight and secondly
I went as soon as I find it. I got to you know bump it by boopies here and see if they're gonna let us play it or not
But I have a feeling they will you do well. They're letting us play anything else we want
Because Bill Wyens is busy writing all these memos
Rumor control. What to start with Don Johnson and Barbara?
Barbara's got there. Is this room we're control? Yeah, you want to know the story? We don't know
We don't know sir. All we know is they were last seen rubbing noses together with the Miami arena
All we know is what we read in the tabloids. Yeah, and bird yes, sir
You're nemesis so you said I happen to tough season this year
Are you gonna change your name because of it?
Yeah, yeah sports is such a heavy influence on my life
I think a lot kinds of problems really breaks my heart. I only wish he'd break his neck
Listen have a great day, pal. Thank you. Bye-bye. That was kind of interesting call wasn't it wasn't it? No
21 till noon at W.I.O.D. and we'll go to Boyton Beach boy. This must be a bonus call today Boyton. Hello
Hi, Neil. Hi, Grant. How you doing? I wanted to tell you a funny story about
Dick Kertn if I can yeah, indeed Troy indeed. Right right my daughter was telling me that the management
At station where he works got a letter that they thought it was just terrible
He they heard him eating a donut. Oh, God. What a flop that was terrible that he shouldn't be eating
Yeah, I'm the show while he was you know talking on phones and so on well
He started a little contest in the retaliation
Guess what kind of donut I'm eating today
Hmm so people call up and you know custard or jelly or that's a good idea
We wouldn't do it with donuts, but we could do guess what we're eating on the air
Uh-huh, and we can make real gutter-all sounds into the mic like we used to and people could call it and guess
And guess what it is a prize like if it was a pizza we could send him a cold slice in the mail
Well, when I heard that I thought immediately of you and because you I
Enjoy it so much. Yeah, we sure do I'm the show and I think it's a lot of fun
I also could I tell you about what Bill Bahn said and channel
Feb in the
You can tell me anything you want about Bill Bahn
Well, I don't know if you like him or not, but yeah, I love Bill Bahn
Oh, well, this is great. There was a woman who was on the way to the airport to pick up her husband
He stopped at McDonald's was assaulted rate stabbed ended up in Providence Hospital
Bill Bahn was interviewing a policeman with regard to that situation and he said to the policeman
Did she go pick up her husband?
I mean here this woman is breathing stabbed rape kidnapped
Yeah, and his question was did she go pick up her husband? Well bills had a rough time, you know?
After hearing a question like that when you have when you have to sit next to Dave Diles all those years it rubs off
You know what I'm saying?
Listen you have a good day now. Oh you too is nice back into you. Bye-bye
Yeah, but you like all those Detroit trivia story. Oh boy. Oh my favorite Bill Bahn story is there well or two stories one
There was a new story about Mousie Tong
This is obviously years ago and it showed him it was a Chinese news from the government
You know propaganda showed him swimming and it was like sped up about three times
Mm-hmm, and it looked like Martin made Mark spits look like a child
Okay, I mean this arms were flapping and he was going like a mile a minute and it was one of the funniest things that I've ever seen in my life
And he he never recovered he kept laughing and through the whole newscast man
He never ever came back and he'd start reading another story and then he'd just go crazy
And he'd look back at a care well
It was a funny story and on he just then he tried to compose himself and the other story was when he was doing the news on channel
7 and Detroit and there was a fly in the studio and it kept landing on his nose
Wow, and he didn't want to brush it off and he kept it went on again during the whole newscast
He kept like pushing his head around you know to get it off and would fly around a little bit and come right back on his nose
And you could even hear it in his mic, you know the sound that it blind makes
So anyway, I thought you get excited about that. It's 11.42 now why see I'm sitting way over here
Now I understand why Steve squins because if I move the mic over and I could be close to the screen and see what the hell's going on
He can't see a thing. Now he is blind
Oh, God. What is going on with him? He can't see anything. I think it's those contacts, isn't it?
It could be. He's got those real blue contacts man and there's blue as the as the see
Do you see how close he puts his head to the board when he pushes those phones?
He's the only guy I've ever seen has to take the glass cover off the off the screen and here and stick his head right inside on top of him
In order to see what the hell's going on. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi Neil. How you doing?
Fine, how you doing? I'm just calling because I switched from FM radio AM
Never used to listen to touch show and tell you how much I enjoy it. Thank you. Welcome
What are you doing today? I'm at the office. I spend the whole day in an office
Listening to the radio. Yeah, that's a kind of job I like
But you're great. The show is great. Now are you you're like a new listener? Oh, yeah, never listen to touch show before
Are you cereal? Yeah, I'll be dead. That's what we ought to do tomorrow. Seriously. I know I don't want to do a poll
But I guarantee you in just the a few days that we've been on we've revolutionized the lives of a whole at least 20 or 30 people out there
Now what you're saying is you used to listen on FM, but you came over to AM. Is that what you're saying? No, you still listen to music
Yeah music. Yeah. Oh, you're kidding. You never heard me. You used to be like a space good at you never heard Neil
No God that's a style. Let me congratulate you sir. I'm getting your real life. Okay. Yeah, thanks a lot
Okay, bye. I didn't realize how that was our best caller of the six days that we've been here
We've had a lot of good calls. I don't want to put anybody down like Paul Harvey Jr
Hmm
Isn't there something we want to say to Paul? Oh great. This is you know, I love this. This is I think my new favorite
Yeah, something very short message for Paul Harvey Jr. Good day
Give it a rest, baby. Okay. I mean he is the if you looked up chronic caller in the dictionary Paul Jr
Is exact his picture is there I'm telling you
Because he can't give it a rest and he keeps promising. He's not gonna call us and he's not gonna call this one and that one
And he just can't control himself and he used to do the voices and up the voices then he started with Stan and Stan went off the air
Guy is just out of control out of control
I want to get this caller in for a lot of Dale who's got to wants to straighten you out on the ratings. Hello
Hello, Neil. Hi, and Glenn. It's just right here on you. I'll bet I
Is I'm hyperventilating and so nervous. Why? Well, I'm speaking with the great one
Glenn
Yeah, why don't you talk?
Why don't you just talk to me maybe you'll feel better? Okay. Well, Ernie had a guest on his show on Saturday. Oh, you're another Ernie listener
Well, I could have told
His guest is the new
Critic from the Gazette from the Gazette
I mean from the herald or whatever it is
They might be my name Gazette. Yeah
My name is Harold and she had her arbitra in book with her so see how it's right and this chat called in on a mobile phone
And got in ahead of the line sort of because he was so important and he was asking what was the first
15 minutes
Rating and the hour rating and he was going on like this holding on a long time and I recognized his voice
as being lawyer Graven Horst and
He gave Ernie, you know, he kept him along
Who is that he was a guy from that show? He was one of the one of the two lawyers. I forget the other ones
Boy that desperate or one and and he kept quizzing and quizzing and
I thought that's probably because they wouldn't tell him over there what the numbers were
That's right. You know that Dennis Collins man and he was upset because he had been terminated
I guess and
So I wondered how long it would take before someone would call in and sure enough a gentleman called in and said that it was this lawyer and
And so that's the story so and and Ernie didn't recognize him because obviously he had never heard this program
That's right. He said that right so basically either had much of anybody else either so they
That's why that he they had the arbitra and book and I guess it must be rather complicated to find out
For each 15 minute period what it was because this cap was very interested and after Ernie said I
Wondered at the average listener would want to know
Yeah, probably not
No, that's for sure. It's very it was a very boring show and that's why it's off wasn't a boring show
Oh, you don't mean Ernie show no no no the two lawyers. They were very arrogant young lawyers who were trying to pick up business and didn't do very well
Well, that's life, you know
We got too many lawyers anyway. That's right and I just love your show and I'm glad you're back on a.m. Thanks a lot
Okay, bye. I'm 1147 and W.I.O.D. You're a gossip station for the A.D.
This is like Yinta Monday. I love that. I love to get all every yenta on and we get like 50 different callers about the same subject
Oh, they all heard something a little bit different. Don't you love that? Yeah speaking of a little bit different
Here's a mobile call in West Palm. Hello. I know I used to listen to you for one time on your other station now
And I believe one time you had a pizza thing about pizzas. Yeah, remember that I do
We don't have pizza thing
Yeah, we made the best pizza and oh, yeah, we got a pizza show. Yeah, you remember that thought you made a pizza eating time
No, no, no, do you remember that? Yeah, okay
Well, with what I'm calling you I had a guy from day County come up to my pizza place in Jupiter
So many call them said Jenny's was one of the best in Florida and
Jenny's
Where the hell is that Jupiter? Oh, in Jupiter. Okay right next to your rainus
Yeah, okay
Anyways, he came up to me and he tried my pizza and this guy went nuts
And I guess he was a producer of your show and I was gonna send down pizza to you and they wouldn't let me because I called the show up
They said no, we can't do that because that's a bribe or anything like that
And I just wanted a day when I would let me talk to you
They producer would not let me talk to you. Well, hey, it was not the producer of the show
Well, because I used to be the producer of Niels A.M. Show. Oh, okay
Well, I'm just telling you I called somebody and they wouldn't let me talk to them at all
What it was I don't know
But it happened about maybe three or four months ago was and I got about 10 customers from day that came up to me
You know from Jupiter and I couldn't believe it and I didn't even know how my name even got mentioned until one of the guys
drove up and said hey, I heard on the radio show and I had to try your pizza and now I got this guy from day
He's a big heavy-set guy who drives up at least two times a month to get a large pizza. He's a big heavy-set guy
Yeah, he has glasses. Yeah
Rich it itself like him
Real heavy-set guy. Yeah, yeah
He comes up twice a month to get pizza and the guy said it's fantastic
That rich is the only guy I know who would drive the computer for exactly the only guy that comes to mind I sold it to him
But I just at one of these days I'm gonna go down and give you guys a pizza. Okay, he sounds good to me
Okay, I don't like it with everything on it anything you want to put except anchovy
No fish no fish. I'm gonna take care of you one of these days. Okay, okay, but I like I say that thanks a lot pal
I like that story. Wasn't that incredible? I liked it that richest sneaking up to Jupiter
I see only guy can think oh yeah, we got a bit. Yeah, absolutely has to be
Okay, we have an open line air in Palm Beach where we just hung up six five five W I O D that's six five five
W I O D
And we're gonna take a little pause now the pause that refreshes and we'll come back and again if Flores is getting our pizza ready hurry up
W I O D
1154 W I O D we'll go to Miami next. Hello. Yeah, yeah, wait. I'm just eating here
What do you need anything good?
Ham sandwich. Oh, yeah, it sounds pretty good homemade. You know, it's manners. Yeah, no cheese though, huh?
No cheese now forget it mayonnaise
mayonnaise
Boy what a good idea
Oh, I'm actually waiting okay, whatever you say I had to rest the piece of boys
But I'm kind of pressed I broke up my girlfriend today over what?
money
money
Hers are yours
I don't have no oh yeah, well you want to be depressed. Oh, I broke my leg, Neil
And you know like that's the worst thing to happen when you want to have a relationship
So why is that?
Like you're an employee, you know, that should be a good thing
She ought to wait on your hand in foot. What do you need to speak? You know, it's well. It's hard to perform it first
You know, there's a lot of things that we're in contributing to it
You know, it's like how long have you had a broken leg like about seven months? Oh no about
A month or so. Yeah, I've done sounds like an excuse
Yeah, she's probably looking to dump you anyway. Yeah, yeah, you don't have any money and don't have any job now
But it's only been a month. She want with a guy like you
How long did you go with her? I
Neurot for like eight months. Oh eight months man forget about that. Okay. There's a million fish in the sea if you part in that expression
Okay, yeah, there's lots of other women out there forget about her
Yeah, even if you have five hot treatment oil my hair yesterday was kind of feeling better
Yeah, I feel well, you know, if I do something with my hair
Yeah, do some of your hair go get a nice one of those tanning parlors. I'm sure they can give you a good tan
I'm gonna go back to the gym today and wait left a little bit. Yeah, I'm your broken leg. That sounds like a good idea
Just work my upper body. Yeah, just work your upper body
Need work your upper body and I'm sure you can run into somebody who'll work your lower body, okay?
Right now
I was wondering when are you gonna play freeway and speak it? No, we don't that's gone man
I think done. I'm just think we will never ever play it again. We don't have it
Wow, what a bumper. I'd play it if we had it, but they pulled it out. So to speak are you gonna be okay?
Nice really depress man. No freeway and spigot no girlfriend no money hell. I was job
I got you guys, but you got this show right? Yeah, what the hell else do you want and you got that ham sandwich?
I got the other half son right here. Okay. Well, it sounds to me like you're all set for at least another day
Neal has been great talking to you. Okay cheer up, will you all right? Okay?
Wow
Eight months. I know it's not a lifetime. Yeah, I could like this was like a you know big day
Yeah, and he probably wasn't getting that much anyway. Okay, here's a tamarack call. Hello. Hello. How you doing now? Okay?
All right. Yeah, Tamarack a young guy trapped in this low neighborhood. Yeah, what are you doing there sir?
I have no idea. I guess rent was pretty good and I got a nice view of what?
The golf course. Oh great people teeing off and their little outfits. Did they wear those golf caps? Oh they got the little
Woody color in the lime green pants. All right. Yeah, now you're talking. Yeah, so I heard you from Ron Chester
So I moved on there about eight years ago. Yeah. No, what are you going to do?
I'm not going to do any attention to him sir. We love our upstate New York call
I knew when we're gonna say that Rochester isn't like New York. Not considered New York. That's right. Canada
You're like no, don't say that well, well, you know, I mean
It's a way of Canada than anywhere in New York. Yeah, now the people are great the weather sucks
The weather really the food is great man the food is out of this way. I've never been to Kellogg's in Canada
I went to high school in Canada. What's your name? My father. Yeah, Canada, well, can't
I have to go now. No, you don't
I've never been to a lot of places like Canada. I remember
Yeah, Roseland is Roseland is long gone. So they built condominiums there. I can't believe it that big or what a roller coaster was. Yeah. Oh,
Jesus. I'm the wild mouse. I am miss for it. I used to love that place. Yeah, no doubt. So I won't last time you were up there.
When is last time I was up there? Yeah last summer. Oh, this summer. I was there this year. I always go. Yeah, the summer is
I for about two weeks and that's it. Now, don't go throwing your mic down and making all that noise on here. He's getting hysterical, sir.
He'd rather have some Yahoo from Lakeland calling summer redneck douchebaggo hangs out at ABC liquor's all day. That's more his speed. Okay. Yeah, let me tell you
Someone help me on the turn bike the other day. I'm in the far left hand lane the cruising lane, right? Yeah, there's all guys and there's like
Big old caprice classic thing. It's about 90 miles long. You can see him coming from miles. And meanwhile, he's coming up on my right and doesn't put a signal on but cuts in my lane right where I am. So I'm riding where there's no lane.
Beeping my horn. See you would think that when you beat their horn, somebody he would move. You know, move. He doesn't move. He stays in my lane. So I, you know, get out of that area. Slow off. I go up on his
Well right hand side and he's flipping me off. He's like, he's like, it's my fault. Yeah, you know, you get out of his way, sir. Don't
Understand his road and his time and his place. I can't believe it. Well believe it. Let me tell you, I listen to you guys and
You're on the other station. So when you're plucking your 9 7 6th deal, I call it every day, by the way. Great. Thank you. You're the guy. Anyway, yeah, when I started at the
bank, I worked in the bank first union and then you started as a so I left the bank and you left
Data. So I thought that was going to go into that. Okay, we'll stick around wherever you are now because we're not going
Anywhere, okay? Okay. Let's have a great day. I was like, what's going on? You have to have a car. Bye bye. Boy, he was exciting.
Want to and he's a good guy. Just a little terminal. That's all is the room and this thing about up to the
Onus coming up next and then of course so the pizza should be coming in any second and we'll come back at about
12.05 on 610 W I O D
Well, you I O D, whatever you say, 12.07 and W I O D Steve has joined us. Wow. We're ready for Peter. Anyway, I want to thank the
Nice lady in the North Miami Beach for the $10 check we have for the Camila sauce. Is this all a male?
What do you want to like to do? What was that mean? This is all the male. It comes in in spurts. Yes, so you should pardon the expression.
I have never seen any place where the male is so busy. What are you going to do?
A couple of deliveries a day. See it may be in the next the next spurts.
Because if this is all we get from the I O D, does that say something about the audience?
About how cheap they are? I'm going to wait before I make Laura from continuity.
The
would like you to
to play the
Pocano the Jewish Pocano song or request. Well tell Laura from continuity when we're damn good and ready.
I got it in the machine and tell Laura from continuity if she'd go into trafficking get some of those
insipid promos out of those breaks so we can come back sometime in our lifetime. We have time to
play these bits. Have you noticed I'm not playing as much stuff? We don't have time to play any stuff, man.
Well, that's not Laura's decision. No, I said tell her to go into traffic
or tell Bill Wies to go play in traffic. We got all these memo, man, memo.
After memo here, they give me a packet of memo. They give me a packet of all the old memos.
You know, I'll leave the best catch up. It says the best of wise. Yeah.
But the one I like the best W I O D W I O D W I O D that's five. Now we got to work on that quote of 25.
Well, what I do is I give out the phone numbers. Why did they end up the phone numbers?
I never thought of that. Oh, that's right. That's four right there. If you give out phone numbers seven five one W I
and every time it comes back, you do that. It wins. They wouldn't tell me because they were too embarrassed.
But when I go on vacation and he would do the show, yeah, and it would sit on you're not given the
callers enough like the corporate chief engineer would go running a programming and saying you're
not giving callers enough. Tristory would start you've got to give them so many times in our.
And I never did that. I give them often. But I mean enough without being nauseated. Well,
there was somehow we still managed to get a nine share in midday. There's a science to it. You
every time every time you read the phone numbers, that counts as four. So that's good.
Promos are from Billy W that's what I just said. Yeah. You go play in traffic.
Like on a 79 street causeway. Can we call him Billy? I like this. You call him a spy or a murderer.
A murderer. Yeah. Spanky. You're good with these names. I'm working on it. Remember what's
the Rick Splar W A B C when I used to be the most overproduced AM station in America when I used
to have the bells and the jingles and everything. It's this room and this one. And Bill has been hanged
out a lot with Rick Scarlett. Okay. Now you want a big. No, I came in. I thought it was here.
And I was all excited driving in the car. Here's the first of all we only got a late start at about
1140. I said to him, there's no food coming today. Isn't that great? We can go through a whole
show. We don't have to pick out. And he got very depressed because he didn't need any breakfast.
I can understand that. And I have stuff to do. So we made a very late request. And I don't know
if Laura's is even open on more. I'm not open. Maybe this will open your doors would bring some for
some other great pizza place to get their foot in the doors. Because I will say one thing about
last week we really scored big last week on food. Every day. Every stinkin day. There was
a matter of fact Friday trappers alley came with food and we picked out and then before we left
charhuck. Do you have any delis that bring you food? Any delis? Once in a while. Now they're not
going to come all the way down here. But one of the ones that Delly didn't hollywood. Yeah. Dirty is
big on her delis. Manly. Yeah. He concentrates on their delis. I can't believe. Look at that.
You know, I'm a standard blend driving in here. I anticipated that Neil's board would be empty
because Sandy is doing a lottery show. Oh my God. And I geared everybody. We can't compete with that
train. Would you listen to the lottery show? Yeah. But sure enough. And phones are full. Does he
have her back a poll on her? I know she got some guy on. She's got a ball. But I got it. But
I got to tell you it's just as dull. Anyway, I'm going to go at the door and wait for the
pizza to come. I'll let you know when I get to pizza in here. Trust me just to have keep the
faith. Okay. Way to go. I like it. And by the way, give Judy Wilson a big kiss on a lift for you.
See her. She'll be. No, I'm not going to see her. I mean, she'll be. You'll be like,
you're not seeing her. In the night. Correct. Very fast. Very well of you. Yeah. Tell her to stick it
where the moon don't shine. Okay. I like her voice too. She's on just like Damping McCallum and drag.
Wow. Okay. It's 12 minutes past noon at W I O D. It's Monday night. Well, it will be Monday night.
Be a Roger's Monday show. We hope you have it a wonderful day. It's a great day to be out there
and breathe in the fresh air and looking around you and getting really depressed at knowing where you are.
Well, I'm trying to laugh extra loud today to upset those old farmers. Yeah. The more I can laugh
the better. They hate it. Yeah. Why is he having such a good time? Where's so miserable? That
laughing? That's a great. Just remember, that's the slogan for South Florida folks.
Missouri loves company. That's our state slogan. Also today, by the way, I guess Buddy McCay is
going to throw in the towel finally today today. Every time they start counting again, he gets
further and further behind by the end of the day. It probably be 100,000 votes behind. Okay, West
Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing today? Great. Listen, I really like your show. I've been a
fan for a while, but I think it's a little bit cluttered on the station here. You touched a
lot of the minute ago with those promos. Well, I'm trying to restrain myself, but I mentioned
it to build the other day that they're just a little bit overproduced here. Like when you run a
about a 42nd promo and you come back with a rejoin that runs about 30 seconds on the heels of
a formatted commercial break. It's like it's like taking each person in the audience and slapping
them in the face. Okay. It's it's really a drag. I can, you know, they're going to clean it up. Okay.
And the news or else the news is terminal. Oh, you want me to do the music in, right?
He's not going to get that carried. Well, I don't know. I'm listening to the news breaks that
you guys have had. They seem to be picking up a glenial disease there. Oh, you know, but seriously,
they, it's just too much clutter. The news is not it's not really a good news job. Anyway,
it might. What do you mean by that? You want me to sit here and let you rip the news department
here? We've been here for six days. Can you wait a couple of weeks? I wait, I wait at six days.
Well, that's not enough. Okay. I'm sorry, but seriously, you know, much too much clutter and all
these promos and bumpers and Rick Weaver and Bob Souttish and all this other crap. Too much.
Well, I got to tighten it up a little bit. Sir, in same with you. Boy, he was just hysterical.
Wasn't there? What are what time he's sure was on? He'll be okay. Boy, too many milk
contents out there. Spoil the broth. Okay. Give us time. These things need to be tightened up a
little bit. We need to get rid of some of those long. See the philosophy, I guess. And I could
be wrong, but I'm just assuming having, you know, experienced this. The philosophy is, you know,
what you can say in five words, we can say in 10,000. But we'll tighten that up a little bit,
get it down to about 8,500 and things will be just fine. Can't put it over now. I have noticed
it that when we go away, we go downstairs, we check out the refrigerator, go out for a little walk out
by the bay, come back many, many minutes later and we're just in time. Every time. There's no problem.
Yeah, it's true, which is nice for the food and when the pizza shows up. Now,
Flora's may not be open. I wouldn't you think somebody would have called in and said they're
closed on Monday. They very easily could or that Carmine would have called and said it's on a
wait on panic. He has a hotline. See, I get the feeling and maybe I'm wrong, but they're just like
the mail today, man, it blows me away. There's one check for the Camilla's house in there. Wow.
Well, I think there's going to be more. I mean, even on Zeta, even on that station where we were
allegedly doing too well, it was still coming in like, you know, three, four hundred bucks a day
when we left, wasn't it? And it was told me that there was a whole bunch of stuff and I said,
hey, just send it over to Brother Paul and to do your thing, you know.
It's disturbing. It's disturbing. Yeah. Like, we got a lot of work to do and we don't realize,
we thought we'd just come over here and sit down and be a big piece of cake. No, we got a lot of work
to do. But where I Friday, we had all those young people calling in. It was a major miracle.
Where did that happen? We're up for the task, aren't we? Yeah. We are? Sure. Okay, it's 1218 at
WIOD. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Now? Great. I made it through a week.
Yeah, we survived the first week. Now we're really getting going this week, boy. Yeah, you know,
that rich packer, he should get a life. I thought that too. That was, wasn't it? Yeah, I would have sworn
that to it was. I didn't want to embarrass. What a pain in the butt. I got one of these jobs where I'm
driving around all the time, you know. Boy, I talk about chronic. And hey, rich, we got something for
you, baby. Good day. That's it. Boy. Anyway, I was driving down I-95 just the other day.
And this guy was brushing his teeth while driving down the road. Do you have a problem with that?
I like that. I said, yeah, I pulled over because I was afraid he was going to floss next.
I had a, I had a much worse one than that on the turnpike. I passed this old lady. She was in a big
continental. She was taking a coffee, animal, and she was driving southbound on the turnpike. I couldn't
believe it. Hey, Glenn, how you doing? Just great. Hey, you know, we should have one of those
personal calls. Oh, good. Where people don't know what's going on. Yeah. Now, are you, are you
happier? We're on these hours again. Yeah, it's in the daytime. You're on my wife when you're on.
I know who this is. I know. Not a chronic though. Oh, you're not chronic. That's the first time
on AM. Just I know who the person is. So what are you doing for dinner? Thursday night. Oh,
jeez. Have to use your whole place. I just did. Okay. But you know, I haven't heard on the phone
again. You still have that? I don't know. No. You don't have it. No. Oh, well. There's a lot of
stuff. We look, we got to get a lot of new material. Okay. And I thought that when I'd come in
in the morning, there'd be all kinds of stuff in the box turns out that somebody left a couple of
copies of the battle of Jimmy Swagger and Jimmy Baker. Oh, right up to the minute. Barefoot man
and turns out that the Nick tells me it's a piece of garbage and don't waste your time playing it.
And then the tape, Jay Merricket left that I was so excited about it. I thought it had two
songs on it. And it said, Adios and Ostelewego. That's all it was was the two words.
Adios and Ostelewego, you know, from the tape that we like. I mean, come on, Jay, is that the best
you can do? Is it that all these people have lost their creativity? Wow. I can't believe that.
Yeah. That's what it was. Let me just say, Neil, you're better than Steve is. I hope you beat him
in the race. Okay. So you're ever wonderful to just leave Steve alone. Okay. Miami enjoys the bird.
This isn't on you. You call. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hi, I'm Neil. This is he. Hey, I understand you
are like Don and Bob's hearts. Oh, wait a minute. This is the call. Is this the right collar,
the wrong call? Oh, wait a minute. We got two different ones on three. You're the one that says they
they're no good. Well, I just don't understand how you can eat them. Why not? Because they're pretty good.
They're so greasy and gross. Greasy? Yeah. No, they're not greasy. You don't take their grease? When's
the last time you were there? They're last year. I'm from Rochester. Yeah. God. Well, where do you
eat your hot seddic and herbs? Vick and herbs. No, I used to go to Nick's. To the nicks. Nick
dogs. Oh, great. Terrific. But I just don't understand you were a way hot man. It's both. Yeah.
I don't know. I just I got down to Bob's and I eat their way hot. Well, so why don't you get
something different if you don't like their white hot sound? Why don't you go one of their ground
rounds with cheese and onion? I don't know. I just thought I'd call and give you a little hard time.
Okay. That's all right. No problem. In fact, if you want to come over here, give me a hard time.
That'd be okay too. No, that's okay. Okay. You have a good day. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. He was all right.
I just want to give us a little rough time. Hard time. That wasn't the correct call, right? No,
he's got there was three was under twice, but the one died while he was on hold. Okay, 22 past
noon at WIOD. Don't forget Steve today has another contrived debate. Stuart Johnston, I got to
do something about these cans, you know, because now they're feeding back. Mitch said he was going to
put that overhead in here, but Rome wasn't building a day. But these maybe if I just used my cans,
maybe put them back in there. They're good because these just don't work and I don't want to wear them.
They don't work. No, I mean they work, but they don't sound any good.
They don't have that. That you're sound great. Certain sound. Yeah. That AM sound.
No, these were good on FM. Whatever's great. It sure were. Let's see. Is that work any better? No.
Well, anyway, moving right along. It's a 1223 at WIOD and I want to tell you right now, but
I owe you. Oh, I'm sorry. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about a special place.
Here's the short little time from New York is the volcano. Let's go. That's where I want to go.
I can't have a from it all. There was that in the volcano. He can feel empty.
I love that stuff. Play shuffleboard if you wish. I got a nine. Go for Saturday brunch.
Or for the food on top of your day. I hope it's kosher in the volcano. Skytop and bar kill.
Camel back in worship. Manally and Johnny. They're even making Rooney.
I know. Let rock and Tresco. Oh, okay. Let's go.
Okay.
We'll have some life. And then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the pocket. Get a heart shake.
You put a champagne. It by the pool and act like a club. Let's get the chicks. You get me a nice girl.
Over by the exercise.
Hey, Julia.
The volcano. Skytop and bar kill.
Camel back in worship. Manally and Johnny.
Don't forget Mickey.
Right now.
Play rock and let's go.
Oh, we let's go.
The pocket in the pocket.
No. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the pocket.
No. Let's go.
If I get you to teach it.
I know I got my teeth in the little bag with the water in the air.
But that's.
I believe well, that's perfect. I like that.
I like your. Pull it out of the thing in there and I appreciate it.
It was a perfect day for this show today.
1229 and W I O D. Our next call is in Margate and it's about a hot sauce from Don and Vod.
So. Oh God.
Hello. They're gone.
Fun.
What?
My hand it's used between the Polkinoes.
The Jewish Polkinoes and a hot sauce.
I'll take the Polkinoes.
Okay. Sure.
Miami. Hello.
Hello. How you doing?
Great.
For the Rochesterian here.
Hey, we're really getting this going now.
We're probably going to do the whole rest of the show on upstate me.
Oh.
That's the one about the background.
What?
What's this guy wanted about the background talking about?
Oh no.
Well, he's from a real swath sophisticated city, Lakeland.
Oh, how about that?
Well, it's just it's just that this room and this thing just go you guys just go on.
Exactly.
In the way.
It's wrong.
And it just never really is.
The reason I'm calling was not about that.
But being that while I was on hold I heard another caller talking about.
See?
And idiot by the way.
Yeah. He doesn't know he doesn't know his armpit from his white hun.
No, I'll tell you what.
I, uh, well, you know, our bright and high school is I imagine.
Yes, I do.
You weren't going to do this.
I bet that better part of my high school career in Don and Bob.
He said he wasn't going to talk.
He was like a bright and elementary, which is right next door to bright and high.
And of course bright and elementary is next door to Don and Bob's.
Although there's that little school.
You could be the primary school in between, which is now something else.
It'll school, yeah.
Yeah.
Listen, sir.
Can I ask your question?
Go right ahead.
You ever been to Dawgan Suds in Lakeland?
No.
No.
Thank God for that.
That's why he's still alive.
That's why he's around to talk to us right there on Main Street.
Main?
Dawgan Spuds, aren't they on Waxie in the morning?
Oh, right.
Go ahead, sir.
Don't let him intimidate you with this Lakeland crap.
No, not at all.
As a matter of fact, uh, when was the last time you were up in Rochester?
I hear there's some changes.
Yeah, Don and Bob who was bought by this douchebag who owns a bunch of Wendy's up there
and he's changing everything around and ruining it.
Is he ruining it?
Because I remember about five years ago it took a dive and then it came back.
Yeah, well this guy's going to make a dive that even a flipper would be embarrassed by okay.
Trust me.
He's already, he's already in midair.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
But what did you call about, sir?
No, what I was calling for, I was listening to the show and I got a strange call
from some people over at the Harold.
Yeah.
They're cell department.
Well, their pitch was rather interesting.
Call me up and you know, I told them first of all, are you aware that you're calling a business?
No, but as long as we've got you, let me tell you about our special business.
Yeah.
Savings of only $1.13 a week.
Now the newspaper costs $0.25 an issue.
This is only one day through Friday service.
Yeah, sir, they would waste their time calling to, having people call, paying the people to call.
Mm-hmm.
Well, they don't want to say to the 12 cents they want to goose up that's rates.
And the fact is that you know, now that they have a total monopoly in Dave County,
they ought to just leave everybody the hell alone.
Yeah, now there's another thing.
I thought that I had to remember hearing something about the people up in Broward County
taking their street vendors off.
Mm-hmm.
You do.
You sell the news papers.
Now, they're still out there.
They are.
They're all over the place.
Well, they were there more than they're more than ever before.
They just were going to try to.
Yeah.
Oh, the American moon said to stick it where the moon don't shine, okay?
Well, it's crazy because I know now down in Dave County, everywhere you look,
there's all newspapers and work.
Oh, yeah, man.
They're hawking every kind of stuff they're selling condoms on the street corners.
Anything you can think of.
That's really wild.
Well, in the camera act, they're selling little ones condominiums.
How about that?
Okay, well, I just thought I'd give you a ring, say hello.
Okay, well, listen, you call again and we'll reminisce about it.
I think the York can educate the hell out of somebody, okay?
I've got plans going up there in January.
Oh, my God.
You want to reconsider, sir?
What?
Reconcider.
I have to go.
There's a family wedding.
Boy.
Anyway, well, listen, when you thought yourself out, give us a call from there.
Yeah, right.
I get sick into Miami Airport thinking about how cold it is up there.
Okay.
Buenos dias.
By the way, do you see that thing about the guy, the clerk or the cashier, whatever he was,
who was working at Publix and the Gables?
Sure.
And he said, don't do this now.
Jorge, that was the big story over the week.
Organic story.
And now the Publix people are apologizing and backtracking profusely.
See, it's people like that store manager and like the Ena Sheras and the M.E. Schaeffer's
and they think that I'm on their side.
I got news for them.
I don't want any part of that, okay?
I mean, it's one thing.
We speak English, wonderful, all of that.
But to carry it to such an extreme.
And to be so hostile and so militant about it, man, I don't want any part of that.
And I never did.
Well, I'll tell you a really great thing is I went to my publics yesterday.
Yeah.
And when the back boy put the groceries in my car, he said to me,
when is Diaz or something, you know, in Spanish?
I guess that was kind of their own little private protest with the...
Oh, is that what they were doing?
Happy and 12th anniversary from the back boys at Publix.
Happy 12th anniversary, Neil.
Yeah, I'm a back boy.
My name's Jason.
Yeah, we know Jason.
We know just through a cut the crap.
Okay, it's 1234, April, more than with the WIOD news update and we'll be right back.
Can say go, by the way, just mention that for whoever that was.
Was that Joe Jr.?
There it was.
Okay, 21 till 1 at WIOD.
The good news is that Flora is going to be sending pizza in about 25 minutes or so.
That's all we care about is that we get fed, okay?
Yeah, I told you if I gave him a winning horse,
he would come through for us.
Didn't I say that?
Just a joke.
Just kidding around.
But I did give him a winning horse.
I did.
Why are you looking at me that way?
Let's take this mobile call on six.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Glenn, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Overmodulating.
Yeah, puking your guts out here.
Glenn, this one's for all the people from Florida.
I think I can sum up Neil's room and this thing with the people from New York in one word.
All right.
They're not from New York,
they're from Rochester, which is like not New York.
They're not from New York.
The word is chronic.
Yeah.
No.
I swore New York came after Rochester.
Listen, if I have to choose between talking about Rochester,
or listening to Rich Pactor call for the 10,000 time,
or if it's written in the news department,
or if everybody in this radio station,
where they're paying us more money than God has,
I mean, enough is enough already, right?
Right.
We'd like to at least make it through the first month.
Go on, um, Neil.
Yeah, that's it, Neil.
I've noticed that you're a little gun shy.
About what?
I don't know.
I first started listening to you when you were on, uh,
I know, yeah, I and Z,
mm-hmm.
And you were like outraged.
Yeah.
I mean, there was a problem with some attorney that you did.
I probably don't want to talk about.
What we can't talk about, right?
Which we won't talk about, but, but nonetheless,
uh, I mean, you were excellent.
It was great.
You know, you got my blood going.
And then you went to Zeta,
they kind of like muffled you, muffled you, muffled you,
now you're back on AM and you're a little gun shot.
Well, that's true, but you've got to understand you become
conditioned to certain things.
And after you've been restrained and muscled like we were over there,
to the point where you had a, you had to analize something every time
somebody said it or every time you were going to say something,
you know, it was like a little pregnant pause.
And like, are they going to call us in and have another nervous,
it's not worth it.
Don't you understand it?
Yeah.
And we're the, so we're now going through a little bit of culture shock
with the fact that here we got people who are enlightened and,
and who realize the audience wants to be entertained and have a good time
and they're not going to jump all over our backs about that.
Yeah, a little rusty.
Of course, if we don't give the call letters enough,
they'll probably jump on us about that.
So W-I-O-D, W-I-O-D.
Hey, I'm an I-O-D.
There you go.
Is I-U-D?
I-U-D.
Yeah.
W-I-U-D.
OK, well, you guys have a great day.
OK, you too.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Boy, was he alive?
Well, he was.
He was.
He was.
He was very good.
And he had a very good point.
Yes, he did.
As it turned out, he did.
He was right.
Oh, man, we got to break early for an EBS test.
Boy, they got us coming and going every week with you, don't they?
You just want us to like sit in the corner over there.
We'll just shut up.
Is that what you want?
EBS.
You can just keep it in one card after another.
I mean, we don't want to interfere with whatever's going on over here.
OK, we didn't come into mess anybody up.
Now, we did one of those last week.
I think they should be in a different day part this week.
Yeah, they were on Friday.
We had an EBS test.
How come we got another one on Monday?
They're always being in a different day.
It's supposed to rotate.
Yeah.
Somebody else can do it this week.
So, tell whoever put that on there to rotate on this, OK?
OK, let's go to Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Uh-huh.
Good to see you again.
I have called you a couple of times
right now, earlier in the morning.
You mentioned freeway and spigot.
Yeah.
I just have to have a couple copies of it.
Well, we can't play it.
You can't.
No.
Uh-huh.
The only way we could play it is if I had somebody called Don
IMS at WNBC and there was somebody up there as producer
and they gave us permission to play it.
Uh-huh.
OK, because that-
Which is possible because they let us play the Casey Kasim thing,
which came from their engineer up there.
That's right.
And they have no problem with it.
So maybe they're mellowing in their old age.
Because if you would want it, I'd send it down to you.
Well, we'll check it out.
Yeah.
Johnny Dark might be a little bit of a problem.
Yeah, we'll see if Johnny Dark can intercede in our behalf.
He's the real buddies with IMS.
OK, what I'll do is I'll slave another copy of it and send it down to you.
OK, we appreciate it.
Anything else?
Because I have a whole bunch of your old paint.
Really?
You know what I was thinking the other day?
Do you remember we were talking on Friday,
somebody wanted to hear, um, I want to be Don Johnson?
Yeah.
Something Stan used to play.
Right.
And Marlon Bailey has totally shined us
since we came over here, which figures, I guess,
because he was buddies with Paul Lyle.
Yeah.
I guess that speaks for itself.
But anyway, um, oh, here-
I thought Nick was going to write another message.
He's faced it up like a-
We didn't call him in the chat.
Paul Lyle said, Paul Lyle.
But anyway, Stan, I'm sure must have that.
Well, my old buddy Stan, I'm not convinced.
Sure, because he's got a whole bunch of stuff
and he's not on the year anyway.
So he got it after all the stuff that we gave him.
Yeah, right?
Everything.
Even reluctantly very often,
but we give him a bunch of stuff.
The least he could do is let us borrow some of that stuff.
Till he gets another job.
A good idea.
Yeah.
OK, what I'll do is I'll save some of the old stuff
and I'll put it down to you.
Yeah, I'll save it.
You know, I'm going to phrase.
Oh, OK, it's a good speaking piano.
I enjoy listening to each day.
OK.
And you and the birdtank here now.
Thank you, sir.
I love that.
I'm a radio talk.
That's so listening.
What's that?
Let's save it.
Yeah, he's going to save it.
Yeah.
It's radio jargon.
No, it's not.
There's nobody in this business ever uses that exception.
That's true.
But that is-
But he thinks it is.
That's right.
But that is technically he's correct.
But nobody ever says that, you're right.
Well, I'm getting like exhausted from the show.
It's only Monday and I'm worn out.
From all this, how's the ride that's going on here?
We got a mobile on three.
Hello.
Hello there.
You're on WIOD, sir.
Is this WIOD?
This is WIOD.
That's correct.
I got to tell you, Neil.
I've been traveling around with these baked audio cassettes
in my console of the band.
And I listen.
Your audio cassette is aching?
No, can you listen to this?
My hand, I have a very tight.
Yeah, that's a godfather thing.
Yeah, we talk about that thing.
Yeah, I can hear it.
I hear it.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Great show.
Turn it off, sir.
Remember that guy, Neil?
Yeah.
He used to be on A.M.
Yeah, and then he was on F.M.
And then he got released to free him again.
Right.
Break down.
From the great show.
Yeah.
Did you notice that?
Cack, we mean it wasn't great show.
What the hell does that mean?
I know, I said it's a great show.
Oh.
I listened to it over and over.
I thought you said, oh, that particular show.
I got to tell you, well, now that particular show is good
because I happened to be on there.
And I think we had a little dueling poaps there.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I happened to star that particular day.
Yeah, I remember that very early.
You know, when I remember it, I was reminiscing
with somebody the other day.
No, what do you remember, sir?
I remember the day the bird called you up,
the day he got canned.
Yeah.
Or the day following he got canned.
Boy, I'd forgotten all about this.
And a whole week in contract.
Contract talks and contract disputes.
And I forgot about that.
You're right.
I look for the days, huh?
Yeah.
You have fired from the FM, I&Z.
Yeah, it's funny though.
I tell you, you know, you may feel like you're a little gun shy,
but I don't feel gun shy.
Now, see, that guy started it.
And now you're picking it up.
And I'll start starting an ugly rumor.
And it's like a real fire turning into a forest fire.
It's working on any station you go to.
Right.
It works on any station.
Only one thing I want to tell you, I am bitterly.
And I'm not joking about this.
I am so disappointed at the mail because obviously there
were a whole bunch of IOD listeners who didn't listen to me before
and they're listening now, or at least some of them are.
And in addition to which, you know,
some of the other people who would not send a check for the Kamilis House.
And I went through two or three times on Friday.
I went through this big song of dance.
And you would have thought today,
didn't I do a Thursday too?
I think so.
Thursday and Friday.
You'd have thought we'd have gotten in, you know,
five, six hundred bucks for the Kamilis House.
They got one stinkin' check for $10 here.
And what kind of response is that?
Is this a brain dead, cheap skate audience?
What can I say?
We'll find out, I guess.
Well, I guess.
Exactly.
Well, listen, I want to get you depressed, have a wonderful day.
Thank you, Neil.
And I'm going to continue to listen to these great old shows.
And I'm giving you a little,
now you don't want to put any new ones on there, do you?
Well, I'll tell you, I haven't run some tape for a while.
I sent, I sent six hours to KC.
And my brother-in-law, which he's used and sent back and said send more.
Yeah, well, that's great.
It's fun. What can I say?
Okay.
Keep up the good work and, uh,
see, I'm looking forward to that EVS break.
Yeah, that's it.
Just what we needed.
I need to say it was on WIOD.
On WIOD, it's $159.
Have a great day, Pat.
Well, $159.
In fact, what we ought to do is have the listeners keep their own logs now at home.
Remember how we used to have these people log for when people used to show up like Gary Lawrence?
And Rose Folger?
Well, we don't have, we can't see the outside.
We can't see the parking lot.
No, because we're like closed in here and they did that on purpose.
Yeah.
So we can't see when like Mike Disney shows up,
which he is back today looking,
tan and fit and ready for a real brawl.
Yeah.
And, you know, and we're ready to give him one.
No, everything is great.
We just have a few little minor things to iron out.
That's right.
And they better do it right.
Okay, it's 12 minutes before one.
I think what we ought to do, if we got that EBS test,
we ought to do this break a little bit early.
So we come back.
We might have like 20 or 30 seconds to speak to the people.
I mean, let's get serious.
I think it's supposed to be a different thing that part.
What really gets me, you know,
if it's the upset is when he starts playing those Alan Courtney promos,
I can't get off.
I mean, I got a pretty good sense of humor,
but let's not get carried away.
Okay, it's 11 before one at WI-HOD.
WI-O-D.
1252 at WI-O-D.
She'll give the address again.
If you want to send a check in for the CamiloScience,
we're coming up on Thanksgiving in just a couple of weeks.
Net, right?
We get next week.
We can have.
And then Christmas and New Year,
we'll be following right on the heels of that.
And we're, you know, we do our damnedest every year,
all through the year,
but especially this time of the year,
to raise money for the CamiloScience.
And I'm just flabbergasted.
I can't believe it.
At the mail here today.
I mean, this can't be the mail, okay?
Maybe tomorrow there'll be a mountain of mail
and we'll be surprised.
Because we don't want to call these people cheap skates.
But no matter what it is,
if it's five or ten bucks or a hundred or five hundred,
whatever you can afford,
and it's all tax exempt,
just make the check out to CamiloScience
and mail it to a CamiloScience Caron EORajers,
W-I-O-D, Miami 33141.
And I also have a feeling that the post office
in this part of town is totally out to lunch.
I mean, there's mail it arrives here
with post marks from days and days ago.
And I just, you know,
we're going to have to have an investigation
of the North Bay Village post office.
Wow.
If there is such a thing,
they got their own post office.
In North Bay Village,
there is a part of Miami,
like Lemon's City.
We'll check it out.
Okay, we got a call from the Bahamas.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Is this your first Bahamas cause since you've been back?
You are furry.
You are virgin Bahamian collar on W-I-O-D.
Well, I wouldn't go that far,
but anyway, listen,
I am not in the Bahamas right now, Leaguely.
I am in West Palm Beach,
but we live in the Bahamas.
Oh, listen, now we just get a bomb.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Man, these Palm Beach people will figure out more ways
to get on first, you know, it's incredible.
They don't use the line at all,
and then as soon as they get on,
man, it's like put us on right ahead, everybody.
No, it's okay.
Just, you know, I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
I'm delivered a boss from the Bahamas to Palm Beach
and then we're flying back.
Great.
So you have to, we do live there,
and I just want to let you know how glad we are
to have you back on AM.
We miss you terribly because, of course,
you know, we can't get any FM in the Bahamas.
Well, I don't blame them, man.
Now, what does W-I-O-D come in in the Bahamas?
Yes, very well.
Are you serious?
We're all may have to sunrise them before sunset.
Well, that's okay.
That's why I like being on midday.
We don't have to worry about pattern change,
ready to, you know.
Well, I allow you.
That allows us to hear you again,
and we miss you terribly while you're on.
What is Steve doing out there
gesticulating in the hallway, man?
It's ought to be a log, you know, it's something's happening.
Yeah, there's something going on out there,
and they're pointing, going,
it must be the pizza people are.
Yeah.
People with food, they're in the hallway.
We know it.
Yeah.
All the upper-level management people
are out there eating our food probably.
Go ahead, man.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I didn't know if we were allowed to call
if we hadn't listened to Ernie on Saturday.
Oh, yeah, listen, in fact,
all his audience is called already.
Well, I didn't hear him, but I did hear a rumor about that.
There were three of them.
I heard a rumor that next week
his show is on the sex life of oatmeal.
Yeah.
Is that true?
Well, you shouldn't be letting stuff
like that leak out if you know what I mean.
Oh, okay, that's true.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
We love you.
Thank you.
You're very good.
Don't listen to all those other cars.
Oh, I don't.
I don't.
Okay, you have a great day.
Listen, I'll wait for you.
Yeah.
I'm not allowed to say hi to Dennis and Lincoln, am I?
No, you're sure.
Oh, okay.
Well, thanks anyway.
Say goodbye.
Bye.
Okay.
Volka, hello.
Boy, what I have to wait through is incredible.
I know.
Do you want me to put you on hold?
No, please, please.
We could, listen, you could be on hold
during the WIOD EBS test, okay?
Well, that sounds like a thrill,
but it would be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, sir.
Yeah, but I read it.
You hear, and when you hear that 60-cycle tone,
it'll make you think,
make you feel like you're listening to the sandy paint.
Okay.
Oh, he got it.
Listen, I just have, please.
Glenn, please, let me get in a word here before I go ahead.
You've got two minutes and 48 seconds and counting, sir.
Okay, that's your method.
I feel like that's how Mo that Steve does with that old bed.
You got 30 seconds, ma'am.
Yeah, well, you're mentioning Steve,
please don't let him in on your show.
Okay.
I mean, he is, you know, just...
God is he horrible.
He is.
No, he's not horrible.
He's been real nice to me since I've come here.
I don't know why.
Must be up to something, but...
Yeah, because he likes it that you're on before him,
and he's going to get a lot of...
I know, I'm serious.
He's been very friendly.
I mean, look, you have to put certain things behind you.
If you're going to work with people,
and holding grudges and carrying all of that stuff,
his pointless.
Now, probably in a week or two, we'll be brawling again,
but let's give it time.
Yeah, well, don't put him behind you because I...
No, I understand. I would never do that.
Yeah, it's very easy.
But one more thing I got to say before,
and I'll take it up with him on his show because, you know,
he...
That's what I think.
Say it right to his face, sir.
Right straight to that stage.
Have the balls to say it right to his face.
Well, it's not...
I get too carried away.
But I have news that...
Yes.
And there's going to be a new melting pot.
Really?
Yeah, it's going to be a North Maim beach for all those...
I live there.
But I work up in Bokas, so it's one calling from Bokas.
But very excited.
I was at the Tenble melting pot,
and told...
I don't know what the manager's name was.
I said, I hadn't heard the spot for the Lake Worth one.
I think they're closed,
and he just got off hysterically.
He took his banana and went to the back room.
Made it call.
He told me I was wrong.
And I...
You know, and then...
They're not closed.
No, no, they're not.
But they have been...
Oh, wow.
The only reason...
Wait a minute.
The only reason that we stopped mentioning them for a while,
they couldn't figure out if they were in West Palm Beach or Lake Worth.
And they were having like the two management people up there
as big brawl over where they really were.
And they went and they got all these maps.
And they went through a big...
Well, it sounds good anyway.
I don't know what their story is,
but they're still open.
They're doing great.
Right.
Well, the reason he told me was that...
That FM, your FM station couldn't get up to West Palm Beach.
So the people who owned that one didn't want to advertise...
Sir, can I tell you something?
Yeah.
Not only did that station get up to West Palm Beach
before they even opened,
I got a letter from the manager of that store thanking me
for all the people over coming and knocking on the door asking
when they'd be open who heard it on my show.
So, you know, the stories change
and people like to ride the wave of success or whatever.
But they'll be okay.
Right.
And Paul and Dana will straighten them out.
Yeah, so send Steve up there.
That'll do it.
And if Dr. I get to be Dana through that...
Okay.
Well, I think we'll pass on that.
Listen, have a wonderful day, sir.
Yes, good luck.
Bye-bye.
Oh, I just...
Good comments.
Emotional here, aren't they?
Or an emotional basket case.
Okay, listen, the WIOD EBS test is coming up next.
This is one of the highlights of our broadcast week.
Then the news, and we'll be back at 105
or give or take 5 or 10 minutes on 610 WIOD.
106 and WIOD.
I made a mistake, ladies and gentlemen.
We have a major correction.
We have two 10 dollar checks for Camila's house day.
Isn't that incredible?
Wow.
And one, and it looks like the handwriting of somebody
is about 100 years old, and it's addressed to Roger the Lager.
So Roger opened it thinking it was for him.
And here it's a check for Camila's house.
Boy, some of you people out there, man.
Some of you who are like on oxygen now,
as we begin our last hour, the pizza should be here any minute.
So it ought to work out great.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
Right.
In the meantime, we lost some people during the news.
One in the day at 751 WIOD,
and the Palm Beach lines are getting our debt.
I don't even know if I want to give the Palm Beach numbers,
because it seems like every call we take on those lines,
he's like a little song and a dance attached to it.
You know what I mean?
There's some little game, like it's a mobile phone.
Oh, look at that.
That looks like our food from Flora's, right?
Well, that pizza looks like she's got a lot more than a pizza.
She's got enough food there for the Chinese army.
Oh, my.
Let me help her.
Yeah.
Boy, look at him move like a maniac now.
I've never seen him move that fast since I've known him.
All right, now just relax.
Don't get all bet out of shape now.
Steve probably is going to be on the way down the hall too.
Feet Steve in there, okay?
Because otherwise he gets all emotional.
You know, we want to just the one cheese pizza
and you can take all that out of the good food for the whole stand.
Yeah, that's right.
The bags.
Boy, they don't love us here now.
What is in there?
So does so does.
Oh, I got two here.
So we can put those in a refrigerator.
Yeah.
We might have enough sodas for the whole week if folks
and people can keep their fingers out of the refrigerator.
Boy, this smells like egg nog.
No, I'll pass on that.
And paper plates.
Why are you sticking the mic into the paper plate?
Now that was interesting.
I like the sound.
Yeah, I like the sound.
Steve, you're here.
No, no.
Really?
Not bad.
Yeah.
Oh, no, we're I'm telling you, we very antiseptically and we clean it up
and so far Mitch hasn't hit us with a banana so far.
And I'll take some of that newspaper so I can put it underneath
so we don't get any grease or anything unruly.
Just one section of a USA today,
which is very good for that, by the way.
Soaking up a grease.
Although, Florida is not greasy anyway.
It's incredible.
We thank them again.
And what's all that other stuff?
There's sodas and there's another pizza.
Okay, thank you, Carmine.
You guys continue to be just too good to be true.
Now don't get that mong-
Oh, jeet.
Oh, baby.
That was close.
And you got a little oil on the thing there.
Yeah.
Yeah, see, we don't munk you around.
We get when we want food, we get it in here.
We're out some kind of like some human douchebags.
Okay, look at the size of that slice.
Okay, let's go back to the calls while Steve continues to
gorge himself silly here.
Isn't this good?
Hey, see, there was a good reason for us being here.
And that's how it's fed.
The staff already loves us, man.
They're in love with us because we can get fed.
We may not have any audience, but we don't give it to them about that.
As long as we eat.
Dear field. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Glenn. How you doing?
All right.
Great.
Glad to hear you getting a little bit
surly again, Neil.
Yeah, well, you know, the first week it was kind of a little honey moon
and I wanted to be on my best behavior.
Now we're going to kick some serious ass.
You know what I'm glad to hear it.
Get everybody's blood up out there, you know?
Why?
It's good.
Uh, no disrespect intended towards the April
Wortham, but I really miss Glenn's news.
How are you, Sirius?
Glenn is going to teach April how to butcher the names
and how to do the news the right way, you know?
I mean, Glenn's right up there with Dennis Miller's weekend update, you know?
Yeah.
Was that sort of that genre of news, you're right?
Uh, uh, which I saw something on Saturday night live.
I don't know if you guys watched it, but he had the greatest joke.
He said that, uh, Bush chose Quail as his running mate.
So he thought it was the best insurance he could get
against any assassination attempt.
Yeah.
That's cute.
And true.
And I just want to mention, do I enjoy the kid so far?
It was good.
Yeah, it was, well, I'm only wearing like kids.
They were, yeah, you're right.
They were kids.
Well, I mean, they were good.
I called up.
I just wanted to say something to you.
I think it was, uh, early in the morning, you said something about
well, we're going to open the lines up here because we're not getting a lot of calls.
And then I called and, man, next grade, he says,
I'm sorry, they're only taking high school,
hey, are we taking high school calls?
And he wouldn't let me talk to you.
So I said, hey, I'm a student of life, you know?
But, uh, yeah.
So, um, I just want to know what you think about laying a rag in here is now.
Wait a minute.
Who is that?
Is that Bill Weinstein?
Bill Weinstein.
Look at him.
What do you want?
Do you want to be a pizza pizza?
Peter's pizza pizza?
Ah, ha, ha.
He looks so good.
Why don't you write any memo about it?
You can have a slice.
Go ahead.
Get into it.
Yeah.
Just dig it.
Be our guest.
Go ahead, man.
Don't let Bill interrupt your conversation.
I'm sure you've seen all over the news.
Bush is up there fishing.
I'm a little worried.
He hasn't been wearing a life jacket.
Now, wait a minute.
Where are you going with the rest of that?
I'm going to take it.
No, you're not.
I'm going to have another slice of that.
Oh!
No, there's another whole pie downstairs.
Get out of here, you maniac.
Go over and have a patty get you some pizza, will you?
Okay.
No, no, seriously, give me just one more and then you can take it.
Oh, one more.
Boy, the real reason he's in here is having a nervous breakdown
because there's food in here again.
They're not kidding me for a second.
Okay.
Here you go.
Did you see that book on this?
He did very antiseptically, although he almost had a major accident here a moment ago.
But he'll be all right.
That's right.
Well, he came in and gave him a look that would kill.
I got excited.
Okay, go ahead, man.
What were you saying?
I was concerned.
Am I trying to demean your call, but the food is here and it's a hell of a lot more important.
No, every time that I call you I always get through when you guys are eating.
I know.
It's okay.
I'm just a little concerned because Bush hasn't been wearing a life jacket up there
when he's been fishing on the boat.
Don't be talking about those kinds of things.
Okay.
Don't be talking about it.
I know that's right.
It's not a joke.
No, I'm worried, seriously.
That's okay.
That was my first concern when I saw him.
Fish and he jumped off the boat and into the water and I'm like,
Holy Chrome, man.
He doesn't have time.
Well, it's quite all ever becomes president God forbid and then I'm meeting all the little kids,
all the elementary school students can sit in on the cabin and meetings when you have a hell of a time.
Yeah, well.
We can all we can have our cabin and meetings that lie in old playworld.
You know what I'm saying?
Please.
Well, listen, have a wonderful day.
Thanks.
It was nice to talk to you guys.
Well, talk to you later.
Sounds great.
Bye-bye.
Well, okay.
Now a couple of people disappeared while she was on there.
Which is okay, but it's good given those numbers out just in case.
Indeed, 751 WIOD, Miami and Broward, 524 WIOD,
Boka and Delray, 278 WIOD and Pobbi 655 WIOD,
which got us four WIODs right there at 12 minutes after one on WIOD.
Introducing Butch Beer, the first beer brewed for women by women.
When you grab a Butch Beer,
you're taking hold of the Philly Jean Ching of beers.
Fire brewed from the gushing water, so French leg Indiana,
with Butch Beer, you've got a beer that goes down easy.
Taste it.
You'll know why it's our personal best.
Go grab a Butch Beer, I'm getting it, it is.
Go grab a Butch Beer, at every spring it.
Go grab a Butch Beer, and go to the Big Curler.
Go grab a Butch, and go to the Big Licker.
Butch Beer, let everyone know you're more than just a woman.
You're a gal who can take it like a man.
Snatch a 12 pack off the shelf today and crack open a Butch,
just ask any woman.
On the hall, it's as good as any liquor.
Go grab a Butch Beer, like taste your savor.
Go grab a Butch Beer, it's tuna flavor.
Go grab a Butch Beer, it's go down quick and turn.
Go grab a Butch, and go to the big liquor.
Butch Beer, strong enough for a man, but who needs one?
Go for the gusto, with a strapping belt, a Butch Beer.
Sure it costs a lot, but don't dick her on the price.
Butch Beer, come and find the Butch flavor, lickety split.
Go grab a Butch Beer, and go to the Big Licker.
Go grab a Butch Beer, at every spring it.
Go grab a Butch Beer, and go to the Big Licker.
Go grab a Butch, and go to the big liquor.
Butch Beer, brewed by Anne-Hauser Bush, French-Lick, Indiana,
a division of Taiwan on industries, Eva Falls, Pennsylvania.
The next time you're eating out, order a Butch.
Go ahead, just goes on forever, not?
117 at WIOD, the Neorodgers Monday show,
and our next call is in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Is this Neorodgers?
Yeah.
I knew how you're doing.
OK.
What is lickety split me?
Just let's move along, sir.
What was your call about?
My call was about that I just wanted to know.
Yeah, good call, huh?
That was great.
Yeah, that's one of our friends.
All three day line just went dead by the way.
751 WIOD.
Wow, look at that.
One.
They're dead.
Yeah, date is dead.
Is that a revelation to you?
Yeah.
Bokeh, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Hey, you know, I wanted to ask you a question about, uh,
what is the career path of Glenn?
I mean, where do you go after being Neorodgers sidekick?
I mean, is he going off spin off on his own show like the
Jefferson's or something like that?
No, he's going to retire.
Well, I guess he probably need to retire after working with you for so long.
Yeah.
I mean, is that just, is that what all sidekick
same for is just a retire on the on the massive earnings that you guys make?
Well, I think it depends on the individual show.
I think they're all different.
But, uh, you know, what could I do to top this?
There's nothing, right?
You could always replace Paul Schaefer on Letterman.
Yeah.
Yeah, same as you got to write here, do.
Well, you could do some albums like he has.
Yeah, you can find himself a group and do a couple like do a couple cuts.
Like a cackel?
Unrecker?
Now, that's uh, uh, can you imagine that on CD?
Well, maybe that maybe Casey and the Sunshine Bank could find some use for that.
Mm-hmm.
I get Casey Kason on there too.
Mm-hmm.
That's a good idea.
Think about it.
Yeah.
I'm so glad you asked.
Well, have a great day.
You too.
Bye.
What a call, huh?
Oh, boy.
18 at WIOD and we'll go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, is this the 10 WIOD?
You got it, sir.
610 WIOD.
Well, hello Neil.
Depend on it.
Hey, I just wanted to give you a call.
Um, I live in Key West, but I am in Fort Lauderdale for the day.
I live in it, and I like that lady from the Bahamas there.
You know, it's um, I wanted to let you know it's glad to hear you back on AM,
so I can get the signal down there.
Uh-huh.
So this is sort of like a call from the Keys.
In other words, if we, uh,
He was from the Bahamas by way of West Palm Beach.
So he was from the Keys by way of um,
Fort Lauderdale.
Fort Lauderdale.
Exactly.
And I do listen to you at work, which is great.
But although they would frown upon my, you know, being on hold for an hour and a half
to talk with you, you can come to mind their own business, okay?
Yeah, but they do sign the paycheck.
Oh, you know, and you're going to get Cliftonio Alhesterico with T.W.
when you play that Bunch beer thing.
You know, something I have a letter in me, my pile of memos.
It's not a letter.
It's a copy of a article or a column or something in a T.W.
If I can ever find it, just a second out, don't panic.
Here it is.
Boy.
Dated.
Dated nothing.
It doesn't even have a date on it.
But anyway, it says, yes, they're added again.
Fulbs gallery, okay?
And it's a big one of these um,
crybaby song in a dance from people who have no sense of humor.
There's nothing wrong with that parody.
Nothing wrong with it at all.
And if people can't laugh at themselves like some of the people over at T.W.
and want to get up tight about everything and make everything a big crusade and a cause,
then that's their problem.
Well, I don't have any problem with it.
Well, I agree with you.
I had not heard the bit before, but I'm a gay person.
And I think it's okay for you to as a gay person to play it.
That's good.
If somebody was using it as a negative thing, that might be a little different though.
But how do you know they were doing that?
I just, just from what I read.
Yeah.
Well, don't always believe everything you read in the newspapers, okay?
Well, as a journalist, I agree with you.
There's still busy blowing Bob Kunst's trumpet, if you pardon that expression.
I know.
You know, bringing him out of the closet all the time and making him into the big community leader.
So those guys over there just to got a lot to learn.
Well, they can keep Bob Kunst and so can't Steve for that matter.
I agree.
I don't want that person representing me on no way.
For me.
For me.
Yeah.
Get rid of them.
Okay.
And another one.
21 past one at WIOD.
You know, some of you don't understand.
There are some things you can say and there are some things you just, you know them,
but you don't say them.
Okay.
That was my second dump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Leave Alice alone.
Okay, sir.
Well, this is so good.
You know, isn't it great?
Just the most unique, great pizza.
It's not unique.
It's like New York, legitimate New York style.
That's why it's so good.
Unique to this area.
From what I know.
Yeah, because most of the people here is from hunger.
Anyway, just about done eating.
I have to pardon us, but there are some things that come first on this show.
Okay.
You can get those damn checks in the mail today.
Let's, let's, I just can't believe this mail.
You think no, we didn't have any mail Friday or Saturday.
Here it's Monday, even on that God forsaken FM on Monday, we used to have a big stack of mail.
That's true.
And not only should have been a big stack of mail today,
but a lot of it should have been checks for the Commodore sounds.
And you people must think that's like a joke or something.
You must think that it's a put on.
Because I think a lot of the people that are used to listening midday on this station are like,
in a coma.
Oh, well, you know what I mean?
Beyond 10 stages beyond brain dead.
Is what they are.
Well, and we don't know if Paul Isle is listening or not, but that's his problem.
Okay, 122.
Let's go to Helen Dale.
Hello.
Helen Dale.
Uh-huh.
That's what it says.
Oh, well, I'm from Dainha, but you know,
it's close enough close enough.
Close enough.
There are plenty of antiques in Helen Dale too.
That's true, really.
Especially now, uh, our good friends from Canada are down here, you know, it's unbelievable.
Uh-huh.
Hey, did you know, Stefan Oath is back on days of our lives talking from rising from the dead.
He's back and I heard that Marlene is coming back.
Well, supposedly I wonder if they'll bring back the old Roman and then Dainha can run off with the new one.
It's just amazing.
I mean, one thing about the Sobs, man, you got more lives than they ever ready can't.
They just, you know, die off a couple of times and then they come back.
That's right.
Hey, Bird, um, I was wondering, are you all still going to do the Christmases special this year?
No.
Well, I don't think so.
Oh, well, all the bitch, you mean?
Yeah.
And we had to leave, uh, kind of,
turn of those behind.
Almost like a divorce, right?
Yeah, you got it.
Who got rats in our room?
Uh, I left it behind.
Yeah, we can always get another copy.
Yeah, maybe we'll do something, but it won't be that, but maybe.
Oh, I'll watch you whatever it is.
It's gonna be as good.
And I promise I'll put in a check for the Camilla South because y'all really do do, you know,
a good cause there.
Uh, well, I'm just glad to, you know, y'all are back on and it's good here and your voice and everything.
And, uh, I just wanted to say I did listen in the way in the morning to that other station.
We won't mention it.
And he's starting to get feisty.
Is he really?
Yes.
Well, that's great.
And with ranting just a little bit.
Hmm.
About.
Wonder where he got it.
Uh, that's from.
Okay, well, listen, have a wonderful day.
Okay, you two, Neil.
Boy boy.
I'm talking to you, boy boy.
124 and WIOD.
It's not that you got to twist my arm to eat at any of the six soon to be seven char-hard locations.
Distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio.
And here's what he writes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request,
but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuggles,
but he was most certainly a part of us come start again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
See, when you come out of those up-tempo-damn numbers, man,
it's impossible to make those transitions.
And then you got to go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for,
but damn it, if we can't come out of a slow record,
I don't understand it.
Is down on the phone.
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort
to come out of a record that isn't a f***ing up-tempo record.
Every time I do a damn death dedication.
Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened
to the pictures I was supposed to see this week.
It's a god-lass damn time.
I want somebody who's a f***ing brain to not come out of a f***ing record.
That's up-tempo, and I got to talk about a f***ing dog dying.
Boy, it's just a p***ing bondrous, man.
Bondrous, and p***ing-pondrous.
129 and WIOD, and we're throwing up the trash can.
You know our garbage all the way.
You notice Bill Wise came in here and made off
with that p*** box. He sure did.
Now, you know why that is, don't you?
Well, he was a little nervous.
Yeah, very.
Did you see the look on the space when he was looking?
You didn't see it.
He had this terrified look through it,
so he looked through the door, and so what we were doing.
Yeah.
So he came in and acted like, well, he wanted some, you know,
and he'd be happy to take it.
Get that p*** box out of the studio right now!
Disney's back! Get it out of there!
He's gonna go nuts!
You know, last week he didn't seem to be concerned.
No.
Hey, listen, we're having a good time, okay?
Everything is fine, and if there are people
who want to get all uptight and surly and bet out of shape
over childish stuff, that's their problem, okay?
See, one of the things that bugs me about
people that build and design all these studios,
and they make them fine, but we're on radio, man.
We're not on television.
It's like that Jack S. Brian Gumball on the Today Show.
Which now I have to watch bits of that every morning
because I get up early.
Well, I watch a little bit of everything, okay?
Because none, and who's that brought on CBS in the morning,
man, she is so...
That depressing looking, Kathleen, it's a Kathleen Sullivan?
I don't know what her name is, but it's like,
always has.
No, not gray here.
She's got dark hair, but she's always got this sour,
depressing look on her face, like she just,
either had an nervous breakdown or is about to have one.
On CBS?
Yeah, she's terrible.
And then they got the guy with the glasses,
who, you know, looks like he's something out of...
They got that New York mentality, okay?
He looks like he should be doing the racing show
with Harvey Pack on a sports channel or something.
He doesn't make it on a morning show.
Like, Joe, Joe, what is her name?
London, Joe London.
London, yeah.
See, she makes it because she's cutesy and housewife,
she, and like, she's...
That's what the public wants.
Not some broad that's got that hostile name.
Look on her face, like, he's got bad gas or something.
That's Kathleen Sullivan.
Oh, man, as she looked bad.
Well, anyway, so Bryant Gumball,
what the hell was I talking about with Bryant Gumball?
Oh, yeah, he's always, while we're here at Studio 3B,
well, who cares what studio it is?
We don't care.
Do you care?
Well, Letterman does the same thing.
We don't care about it.
Letterman's audience are all on drugs anyway.
That's not the point.
The point is the average person doesn't give a damn
about what studio you're in.
And it's like here, it's what comes out of the speaker
that people are interested in.
Not how the studio looks.
You listen, it's great working in beautiful studios.
And this is brand new, magnificent.
It's like a work of art.
But the bottom line is,
didn't we go through this on the AM over the other place?
The bottom line is, how does it work?
How does it sound?
Not how does it look?
This is a radio station for crying out loud.
We're not on television, thank God.
Well, Bryant does that.
He thinks that impresses people.
Exactly.
And nobody could give a flying hoop less.
Okay, they don't care if it's Studio 3B.
And how does that mean?
Why don't we make up a name for the Warren Studio 2Z
at WIOD?
Yeah, well, we're like an impresist of it.
They don't care about that.
They just want to know what's coming
through that goddamn speaker and radio.
That's all they care about.
Now does that mean he's on the third floor?
I don't know.
For my part, he could be on the 80th floor
and go to the window, okay?
And have a little accident.
I can't stand Bryant Gumball.
First of all, he talks like a mile-a-minute,
but now it's all, instead of shouting like he used to do
when he was on the ball games,
we used to scream his guts out.
Now it's a real soft thing.
He's talking a mile-a-minute,
but he always like sneers down at you.
You know, like, boy, I got a lot of money, baby.
If you don't like it, you can stick it in your ear.
He is on nobody likes him.
Everybody hates it.
Right.
So how come he's on?
Really, you remember during the Olympics
and people were taking those surveys
and the thing they hated the most was him?
Yeah, well, obviously they love him.
Even like the Soviet basketball team better than they liked him.
Obviously they love him at NBC
and the ratings under today's short, great.
They are.
They win.
Well, yeah, because that first of all,
that horrible show on CBS, like I said,
you can't watch her in the morning.
Right.
Saurier for the whole day.
And ABC, I don't know what their story is,
but she does all these insipid,
like, housewife type interviews.
Who did she have on this morning?
She had, um,
burp rentals all on the Anderson.
Lonnie Anderson, the hooks really good now, by the way.
What they don't have to do.
John London was.
Yeah, they were.
John London was at some health spot here in Florida.
That's all that.
One of those massage parlors or something.
I don't know what it was,
but they were having a hell of a time.
Well, I personally, I'm into the three stooages early in the morning.
Yeah, I'm going to try that tomorrow.
What started that?
Oh, it was the thing about the pizza.
Oh, yeah.
You know, just relax.
Every, look at how clean it is in here.
Man, you could eat off the floor,
which is probably what they're going to tell us to do
starting tomorrow.
It's an idea.
April,
a worth of as a W I O D news update.
It's 134.
Oh,
D 137.
A W I O D.
Now, what, what does that mean?
We can't call out from here.
What is that all about?
Did you ever, ever in your life here
of a radio station where you cannot call out from the studio?
None of these lines dial out.
They do.
They do.
They don't.
They don't.
Nick says they don't.
And Roger says they do.
And Roger dials out on here all the time in the morning.
So somebody's giving me a crock of BS, okay?
Somebody wants this to be isolated in here like we're cut off
from the outside world.
And what the hell is the operator one anyway?
We're in the middle of a show.
What does she want?
Find out what she wants.
Call her up, say what the hell do you want?
Just that way.
Oh, really?
That's great.
Right in the middle of the show.
22 till 2 at W I O D.
Man, I just don't believe this to you.
And people are going to say,
see, they're only been on this.
They're 6th day and already he's belly.
And well, of course,
because in the beginning is when you've got a like paper train
everybody.
Yeah, right?
Absolutely.
That's what we're doing.
Like that little charade that went on here with the pizza box.
I mean, who's kidding?
Well, they're just terrified that we're not seeking me that thing.
What is that little paper for?
You got to use your slot.
You really are.
I am not.
You hung around with Capri to too long.
They're coming.
Oh, come on.
You've got to clean up your garbage so that when they come in here,
it looks like we're making an attempt to keep the place clean.
I am.
The place looks great.
They're not going to tolerate the kind of mess and sloppiness we had over there.
The only reason that went on is because Rose was just as big a slime as we were
and used to come in and participate in the feast.
Yes, daily.
Am I correct?
In fact, very often he would show up extremely early.
Just coincidentally, the food would show up like minutes later.
Wouldn't that something?
And it was like two, three minutes after he'd walk in the door.
The food would be right behind.
And it was so odd because it was like before 9 o'clock in the morning.
Now, we had a reason because we had been up since
that brutal hour or 430.
But these people would come in the hours.
And we have a reason now.
It's because first of all, I don't eat breakfast.
I'm not going to start eating breakfast.
I don't like breakfast.
And people who really know their nutrition tell you that eating breakfast
is a bad idea to begin with because it takes away all your energy.
Today, Jessica, you've slept all night.
Your body has recharged itself.
Now, get out there and do your thing and wait till the moon.
Remember that thing that you used to say breakfast is the most important meal?
Well, of course.
And the ones who used to say it were the ones that were selling breakfast cereal.
Of course.
Well, it is, but not first thing in the morning.
I mean, when you get up in the morning, do you open your cupboard
and take out 37 boxes of total or whatever they do in those ridiculous cereal ads?
Have you seen that?
And the box has just come pouring out.
And you just sit there and you don't have time to go to work
because you've got to eat 37 boxes of total.
That's not what I do.
And let me tell you, after you eat 37 boxes of some of those fiber cereals,
you're not going anywhere out of the house.
Okay, the rest of the day.
Well, trust me.
Okay, let's go to
Gearfield.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Good.
I had a call.
I'm a WIOD listener for a long, long time,
but I did listen to you years ago.
I bought 10 o'clock at night before I went to bed.
Yeah.
And I missed hearing you and lost wherever you went or whatever.
I'm happy that you're there.
Great.
And I think Bird is great.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah, good combination.
And another thing is I'm from Rochester.
Now we're getting to the heart of the call.
He said something nice about the wife.
And I do go up there every year, of course.
And I did go to Bob and Don.
I had a hell of ack my trip there, you know.
And I had a couple of hearts.
Yeah.
And fact, Don was, my father was just Godfather.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'll be damned.
Yeah, I knew him, you know, really,
the metal thing this time.
Two times of my life, you know.
Yeah.
It's way nice guy haven't seen him.
Well, they don't have anything to do with it anymore.
So you don't know what I'm talking about.
There's new guys in there and he's really doing a number on it.
Trust me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm sure.
And let's see, another thing.
Ernie, I heard, I heard Ernie, uh,
Saturday and he really thinks you're something else.
Yeah, of course, he thinks you're something else.
He prohibits that we say what does that mean?
Well, he thinks I think he thinks you're the Dean.
Oh, I see.
The Dean, no, don't say that.
That expression has departed from the library.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
You are a W.O.D. listener.
Oh, yeah.
You've been brainwashed with all those trite cliches and all those ridiculous corn balls slogans.
You know, okay, listen, have a great day and I'll see you down in bed.
Okay, take care.
Bye-bye.
The Dean.
Let's go to the book.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, this is Ted from Boca.
How are you?
Okay, Ted.
I've been listening to you for about a year now and I want to welcome you back to Midday Life.
The only thing that bothers me is why you pick on all the New Yorkers.
I've been here.
I've been here about a year.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean I pick on all the New Yorkers?
When did you ever hear me pick on all the New Yorkers?
You keep saying we're arrogant with lime and you know, I didn't say all the New Yorkers are like that.
Ted, I said most of them, including you.
You jackass.
You notice he had to give his name.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody else gives their name.
We don't do names on the show.
Everybody's content, but he's got to be Ted from Boca, wherever the hell he was from.
Go back where you came from, pal.
Go back to the Bronx.
Somebody wrote me a long convoluted letter about that fight on Heraldo and about how it was
contrived.
Mm-hmm.
And I agree.
I believe it.
I think we've all set up.
If you watch it again, and by the way, here's the tape I brought it.
We got to send it back to the boat people had brought it.
Yeah.
I don't mean boat people, or the people that came in their boat.
And I did watch it.
And if you watch it often enough, you'll see that when he when he starts grabbing at guys neck,
it's like professional wrestling.
I mean, it's so obvious the way he's doing it is so fake.
And the other guy start looking around like they're looking for a cue.
That was another one of those stage deals.
Okay.
Well, Phoney is the day is long, Heraldo.
You see, it works right into what these types of shows want.
The publicity he got was incredible.
And the great part of it is that I'm sure it wasn't intended,
but he got in the middle of it and got his nose broken,
which really made it all worthwhile.
Which got him the cover of Newsweek last week.
Yeah.
Is that incredible?
On the week of the presidential election, they had Heraldo in the cover.
While guaranteeing there were a lot more people who were interested in Heraldo
getting his nose bashed in and cared about busher do caucus.
Right.
And I can't say I blame him.
Okay, let's go to Miami next.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to say I started listening to you last Monday.
I've never heard you before.
You're kidding.
And never.
That's a tough thing.
I'm debated by some comments by Steve Kane.
Can I listen to regularly?
Yeah, well, don't let Kane brainwash you now, sir.
Okay.
You have to take everything he says with 10 grains of salt.
All right.
I usually do.
I don't agree anymore.
But I'd like to just format off of issues.
And I'm giving you a format.
A chance I'd like to know your ideal.
Listen from time again to morning to time I drive home.
But I just want to say I'm really beginning to enjoy you and the bird.
It's a different format.
And he keeps you happy all day.
I can see.
No, not true.
You're very wrong about that.
Well, the other thing too, I was noticing when I drive home,
I still see a bunch of boards.
What are you advertising?
You want the other station?
Are they ever going to come down?
I don't know, man.
I guess maybe they don't have.
They can't afford to take them down.
I don't know if their story is, but I wish they would take them down.
Because I don't want my name associated with them anymore.
So I wish they would take them to hell down.
Let's go up the biggest life.
Can I see him?
Okay.
Good luck.
Congratulations.
I hope to listen to you a lot more.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Now, see, he's a little bit tentative.
You can tell.
Oh, yeah.
Doesn't know whether to scream or read three bananas.
But he'll get used to it.
This is different.
Okay.
It's not like Steve's show and it's not like Mike's show.
It's a totally different kind of show, which is good.
Because one of the raps, and it's not a bum rap,
it's a real rap about talk stations in this country.
And this is part of the reason that so many of them went down the tubes,
is they'd have the same kind of talk on all day long,
like WS News.
Exactly.
And you'd hear the same guests and the same topics and the same colors.
And by the time you get through, man, with about 15 hours of that,
you're ready to blow your brains out.
And we have chronic colors, but there's also such a thing as chronic guess
in this format.
And speaking of that, Judy Wilson is going to be on with Steve today,
with Stuart Johnson, the defender of Deadbeat Dad,
speaking of chronic.
But Steve, I'll get over it.
He'll loosen up a little bit and you're rid of some of those contrived debates
and start coming into the real world.
Now listen, here's the color you're going to love in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Let me say this much.
The reason you got a $10 check for Camilla's houses,
listen to your audience, listen to who's calling you.
Just listen to the color.
Yeah, I wonder how we raised all those thousands of dollars with the same audience
on two other radio stations, huh?
Must have been an accident.
Then you mean this on the matter with your radio station?
No, I didn't say that.
There's something wrong with you.
How much did you send?
How much did you send you, old bag?
I knew you would say that.
How much did you send?
How much do I send?
No, how much did you send to the Camilla sound?
What I could afford.
How much?
Would you like to know, really?
Yeah.
$10.
And I got it?
No, I didn't send it to you.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Like the check is in the mail, huh?
Who the hell are you, kid?
Check is in the mail.
Yeah.
See, there's one of the old bags who can't stand the fact that we don't want her.
We don't want anything to do with you.
And I bet your feet smell, too, okay?
And I bet your teeth are just rotting in a glass somewhere.
Right now, as we speak, you haven't changed the polo then probably six months.
You disgusting filthy subhuman bag.
But turn it up a little bit more.
Yeah, turn it up a little bit louder.
Like we don't raise money for charity.
We raised thousands and thousands of dollars for Camilla's house.
I am proud to say because it's my favorite local charity.
And we've only been here for six days.
So the fact that this brain dead audience hasn't responded yet.
The way that we had hoped.
That's the way it goes, okay?
Well, they'll come around when we start flageulating them and beating them over the head.
Right?
That's what it took every place else.
That's right.
But she sent her $10, but didn't send it to me.
Who the hell are you, kid?
That's like saying I gave it to you office.
Yeah, likely story, ma'am.
You filthy disgusting miserable old bitch.
Everything that's wrong with this town is in that woman's body, okay?
Everything that's wrong with this area, she represents.
She's the epitome of the creeping death,
that big dark cloud that hangs over this tropical paradise.
We don't want Casinos.
They're going to disrupt our lifestyle.
They'll take away all the space at the early bird.
You can take your early bird lady and stick it where the moon don't shine, okay?
You vulgar, disgusting, subhuman, Creighton bitch.
It's probably it's till 2 at WIOD.
And let's go to Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
No, yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay, pal.
How's everything?
Great.
I like your new station.
Great.
Yeah, yeah.
How's this?
No.
There's Carlos.
Carlos?
Yeah, you know, been on your show a couple times.
Oh my god, it's that Carlos who shined us, yeah.
Shined us because I wasn't going to have a party at my house for his friends.
What?
I'm shiny.
Yeah.
How's everything?
Everything's great, Carlos.
You sound pretty depressed.
No, I'm great.
I'm doing real good.
Carlos must not be getting any of these days,
is that it, Carlos?
No, I'm doing great, huh?
I'm doing good, I'm doing good.
Good.
Yeah.
So, do you still live at the same place?
Still living the same house, that's correct.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Same number?
Or did you change your phone number?
Same phone number, everything's the same.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Because I was going to call, but I didn't know.
Okay, well listen, but like next year,
who is, I'll be looking for your call.
Okay?
Okay.
Okay, take care of yourself, Carlos.
All right, you two.
Bye-bye.
Why?
Boy, you sound really depressed, didn't you?
Yeah.
Probably have been on after that other caller.
I don't think so.
One that's ripping our audience, because they're not as
intellectual and brilliant as she is.
But it's interesting, she's listening to the show, isn't it?
Every word.
Yeah, hang it on every word.
Who the hell are you kidding, honey?
Every word.
I think you're fooling somebody.
You got that speaker up so loud, you're getting vibrations
that even the beach boys never got.
Every day.
Unbelievable.
Always have to attack, don't they?
Always have to attack, because we're not doing what she wants.
We're not sitting here boring, everybody,
terminally talking about the same old 10 talk show topics
that have been rehashed and re-done over and over
and over again till they're coming out of your ears, okay?
That's it.
That's what she was upset about.
But we love you, too.
It's 10-till-too at W-I-O-D.
154.
You realize we're almost down here today,
and it's like we just sat down.
I was getting going.
This is it.
I wish that woman would have called much earlier in the show,
because I would have loved to have had a much length
of your conversation with her.
You know what I'm saying?
A one who will never listen to the show again,
because we have such a low class of people,
like all those young people that called on Friday
that were so terrible, the criminals of tomorrow.
That was a great bunch of callers.
It was a great bunch of callers,
and unique and unusual.
Yeah, so drop dead, lady.
Leave us alone.
Mind me, be chill.
Deal.
Yeah.
How are you?
Great.
I'm fine.
Sorry I had to follow a call like that, lady.
Well, you know, she's out there.
She probably didn't have it off met him
so the last one more day, and she's surly about it, you know.
Yeah, it's a tough act to follow,
but anyway, it just catched 5730.
No.
Oh, they had peace on parry.
Really?
Yes.
Yes, they did.
And?
Yeah, they ran a peace on how he
our under show started from.
He comes in three o'clock in the morning,
he finishes up about seven.
He's got a studio in his own house.
Well, he goes out to.
He goes out to the end, yeah,
and he takes on a management question in his background.
Yeah.
Well, he's not here anymore.
I'm sure.
He's gone.
But the scene he ain't coming back.
But the scene he wouldn't think he's 70 years old.
Yeah.
Well, when you got that much money, sir,
I guess, you know, it's not hard to look good.
I just saw it with mention at the end here.
No, I didn't see it.
No, he didn't see it.
I hope the people at WNWS saw,
because they're thinking about putting him on.
Oh, no.
Oh, we sure hope so.
Oh, no.
Yep.
He had that, and really kill it right there.
You got it.
That's right.
So you're not going to go to the game, huh?
Now, now,
well, have a good day.
Okay.
All right.
Boy, he's not a really depressed, didn't he?
Sure it is.
Wow.
Good day.
Maybe that'll cheer him up a little bit.
Cheers me.
For Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Glenn?
Yeah.
Hi.
Just a few recommendations on your show.
Yeah.
I think you should give the call letters a few more times.
And we could use the time.
I always get lost, and I never know where I am or what time it is.
So if you guys have given the time a little more often.
Okay, 155.59.
Okay.
156.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The only other thing was I heard that they were going to replace Steve Kane.
We called the doctors.
Do you know anything about that?
No.
Oh, boy.
I got to get all the comedians here.
That was before we get out of here.
Let's go to Hallendale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is it Neil Rogers?
Yes, sir.
My girlfriend, she's on the other line.
She listens to your show every day.
Great.
And now she got me started on it.
We're both here at my house now.
We're listening to your show.
What did you say, sir?
You're both airheads?
Neil Rogers, you are the greatest.
I know.
What are you doing with that phone, what sounds like you're struggling with it?
My cat plays with the cord a lot.
Well, we don't want to get into that, sir.
Yeah.
Well, listen, thanks a lot.
Thanks a heap.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You're here, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Boy, she sounded like a son of a tickled her fancy.
No, kid.
You know what I'm saying?
Boy, what was going on there?
I think the cat was doing something more than what he said.
God.
Anyway, we're almost out of time here on a Monday.
And we want to thank you especially
that very nice lady that called me 15, 20 minutes ago
and had all those wonderful things to say about the audience.
I mean, we've been here a total of six days.
What the hell do you expect?
Okay.
I'm trying to goose these people a little bit.
Make them get off their butts.
And by the way, while you're thinking about it now,
get your checkbooks on and make out a check for 10 or 20 or 50 bucks
for the CamillaSaus and send a caronil Roger,
W-I-O-D Miami 33141.
The mail here is dreadful, okay?
Worse than day.
You think that somebody, it is.
I know.
When we never thought, when everything was like tons of mail
and we got no problem,
there were just tons of checks that would come in for CamillaSaus.
Or when we did the so far campaign.
And Zeta was not as good, but I mean like this is,
and I think this is evidence of the fact that during these hours,
there is a large body of brain dead people out there
who need to be poked a little bit.
A little bit?
If you pardon that expression.
Or profusely, as the case may be.
Now tomorrow we're going to be having the Transvestite Lesbian
Crush dressing pigmies from Ethiopia on the show.
For me to feel.
You believe that?
She's got Transsexuals again.
They are so desperate.
I'm telling you, the day is coming when they're going to have a show
they'll have a panel, okay?
And on the panel will be Donahue, Oprah, Sally, Haraldo,
and Gary Collins, okay, who's pretty boring.
And they'll get them all in there.
No, not region.
I like region.
And they get all these stiffs on there,
and they'll have a big brawl.
You know, somebody will say,
well, I think your glasses suck, Sally.
They're pretty stupid looking.
You look like a moron.
And then she'll start poking somebody in the ribs.
And then Haraldo will come out of course
and start a fist fight.
And there'll be a couple of Nazis in the audience
who'll come out with the cross dressing pigmies.
And they'll be on all the days.
They'll be on like all day.
They'll have like an all day melee.
melee.
melee.
Is it melee mouth?
And that'll be it.
And I'm telling you, if they promoted ahead of time,
they'll get like a 90 share.
Absolutely.
You notice how those things are always taped ahead of time
so they have plenty of time to promo it?
Oh, yeah.
Like they can try Haraldo brawl.
And work down in junior.
The affiliate stations were screaming for that show.
Yeah, you bet.
That show was supposed to air much later this month.
Thinking of contrived on Steve Keynes show
this afternoon coming up right after the news,
Judy Wilson of J.S.A.C.
Justice for sexually abused children
will be debating Stuart Johnston,
defender of deadbeat dads.
And we're going to have some sexual abuse right here
in the studio in the middle of the show.
So listen for that.
Have a great day.
And we'll see you again tomorrow morning from 10 to 2.
Right here on 610 W-I-O-D.
