Today he's busy opening as a people's mail
So my friend era is here with me this morning
Now pay attention Kinder Schwein because
Frau ever has an important lesson for you all
On you will
Always raise the number boys and girls if you do see a very bad thing
And you don't tell such a
You could grow up to be president of Austria
Just like my children
I'll be
Be a fool
Your time is running out
What we will be back next week
And next year
And next thousand years
Because we are the master rice
One house and one rice
And the next one is forks forks forks
That's right kids
It's Mr. Waldheim's neighborhood
Everyone will be my neighbor
There's a little excerpt from that remake that they're shooting up on a four-letter-eal strip
Where the boys are
21 to late on Zeta 4 as we move right along
And we have another first time cooler in Broward County
Hello, how you doing?
How's it going? This is Danny electrician
Dave?
Dan
Dan
How you doing Dan?
Listen to the news last week that this is National Pro-Craft the Nation Week
We have a little thing on there about that
We have a little thing right
We did that last year
It's a real pain in the ass
I was wondering if we could possibly put it off till next week
Okay, so I was going to meet Dan
Okay, good talking to you, Neil
Okay, Dan
Okay, we'll see you later
Bye, boy
That's right, it is, Nash
Just a little humor there, right?
Yeah, that's a little
tiny, teeny, weeny bit
But it is, Nash
Of course it was Dan's first call, so what do you expect?
This is Rain and Man
I wanna ask you, have you ever seen Brian North Cross and Joe Johnson together with the same time?
I don't think so
I don't think so
I don't think so
I don't think so
Okay, by the way, the Oprah Winfrey Show today
will be featuring 17 of the weather girls
Each one looks just like Oprah
Amazing, this would remind you of that
I just, every time I hear that, I think of Oprah
I know
She wears tents
She wears these big flowing tents around her
But they make her look thinner, don't you agree?
Now, this is what I'm speaking of Oprah
This is what I want you to do
When you're in Windixie next time you're Windixie
I want you to walk around and look at the Mrs. Butterworth bottles of syrup
And tell me if that isn't the old Oprah
I'd be in 12th anniversary in the bag boys of public
I wonder why I don't have one of those from the bag boys that Windixie is
I'm not a public singer
It is interesting
But anyway, you check that out next time you're in the store
And you'll see, she might be getting royalties for those
I think that's an ethnic slur, my son
It is, but her worth is a white one
People from the NAACP ought to come in and be checking his out
Oh, is Mrs. Butterworth a...
Is she black?
She's a white-owned older white woman
Yeah, it's a brown bottle, so she looks
It's a brown bottle
Oh, so...
Yeah, and I guess Aunt Jemima be white too
But you notice I didn't say go look at the Aunt Jemima bottle
I said look at Mrs. Butterworth bottle
I'm nothing to say
Oh, thank God
741 on Zeta4 and a Gator Bater
Okay, a Broward County, hello
Welcome to Sue Patu Nasey
Hello, are you there?
Yeah, we're here
Hey, do you know that?
I just can't believe you said that
I can't believe they call us
Do you produce a word?
Nothing, do you what happens to that?
Does anybody really care about this cast of misfits?
I couldn't care about that
No, neither could anybody else
Listen, I need a big fair, right?
You smell really that big of fire
Oh my God, you're roommate
Our roommate needs an instant lobotomy, sir
There are a few people... sir, are you listening to me?
If you're taking the wax out of your ears
Okay, there are a few people who despise the Gators more than I do, okay?
They make me want a puke
Where would he ever get that idea?
Yeah, where did he conjure that up from?
Was that from the school of swishful thinking?
I have no idea
Yeah, probably
I think that the Gators sucked
Exactly, LSU whipped their butt the other day
Good, I hope they beat it by 85 points and ran up the score
I'd rather not be the East State that the Gators sucked
Guys getting very emotional on us, isn't it?
Well, if you see a talk about it, maybe I'll get it
I don't want to talk to your roommate if he's a Gator fan
I don't want anything to do with him
I don't want to be in the same building with him, okay?
All right
I don't want to be in the same state with him, okay?
Send the Gators to Mississippi, they belong over there
They're a bunch of redneck douchebags
Did that do it?
You did it well
Okay, I'm going to be dead
Okay, you too
I have a wonderful stupor Tuesday
Yeah, stupor Tuesday, I mean, any of you people out there are going to waste your time folding it
Why don't you get serious, okay?
I mean, what the hell difference is it going to make?
So the choice will be Jesse Jackson and Pat Robertson in November, right?
And then you blame me
Oh, you know, we can all move to some wonderful country like Denmark
Or Holland
Thailand, I'd be happy there
Would you really?
Yeah, we drove by the Thai Orcad restaurant yesterday
Oh, didn't you?
I bet you were inside there when we drove by
No, I wasn't, but did you wave?
Yeah, we waved anyway
We said, boy, there's the bird right in there
It's supposed to be another block up the street with us at the melting pot
But he's an anti-social douchebag
I was busy
We don't want to hear about it, okay?
We don't want to hear about your fantasies, you and your Phoebe Kate's pictures, okay?
All right, 744 on Zeta 4
And boy, he's, see, he never falls behind with that board in there, isn't that good?
I'm going to get rid of the screen, we can trade it out
Hollywood, hello
Good morning Neil, I'm a first time caller, I enjoy your show
Well, tremendously
Great, boy, we just have an epidemic of first time callers, this is exciting
Well, this is an epidemic, you know, people are beginning to ask why I'm always pulling for Neil
But that's something I have to work out, I guess
We don't want to get into that, Neil
Listen, what do you talk about everybody?
Show ratings and what's happening?
Where do you see radio in South Florida and say like three years?
Sir, you know where the tidy bowl of a man hangs out?
Is that bad, is it?
Oh, it's pathetic
I mean, there's nobody doing anything innovative or exciting or new or
This is just such a mong market
What is it, geriatric versus Hispanic?
Or is that what's lacking or happy to know what?
I don't know, I just lack of ballsy management people
I just all want to imitate each other and all do the same thing
And I don't know, it's just, it's stagnant, somebody needs to come along and do something revolutionary
Like maybe an all talk station on FM, that would be exciting and revolutionary
And it will, it's just something like that that would add a little bit
Now maybe even an English to start
It's a start, like a phrase
Well, anyway, listen, I enjoy you guys tremendously and the bits are fantastic
And I love the one about Stevie Nick, because I nearly drove off the road when I heard her digitally reproduced mumbling
Yeah, that was fabulous
Anyway, thank you guys
Okay, have a great day
Bye, boy
We got a lot of these good colors, first time colors, new voices, living and reading people
What the hell's going on here?
And did you notice how he controlled himself and didn't make a request?
Exactly, well, he gave a little hint
But that's good, you know, he didn't, he didn't see it
That is good, because I'm not going to play that anyone
I'm not going to play that anyone
Some day I promise you I'm going to play this all the way through
This is one of my favorite records, but this is in mono
And there's been too much mono
Can you just see 85 Oprah is dancing around like...
I can conjure that up in my brain
Intense
Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm
By the way, speaking of total adoosh bags, here he comes ladies and gentlemen
A rosefolder just drove in after goofing off her couple of days
He was at a human seminar yesterday, one of those places where they teach out to be a human being
And God only knows he needs a little bit of work, but he'll be okay
Is he still in the car?
Mm-hmm
He'll be alright
What is that noise I hear in the background?
What is that voice?
Is that Stevie Knox or Stevie Nicks?
Oh, is Stevie Knox called us?
Why?
I heard her on the ear yesterday, she's pretty weak
Is she really? Where? Where?
She was on last night?
Oh, I see, that voice is coming from in there
I thought that was just like an idle voice, one of those that kind of rings up and down the balls here at Zeta4
Seriously, they open that door in the atrium and all these voices that kind of like run away, they get lost in there
Like the voice of Christmas past
Mm-hmm, it's easy to get there
Or in this case the voice of Purim passed
I wonder how everybody enjoyed their home in Tasha, and hope everything came out okay
Well, you know those poppy seeds occasionally made you get stuck
Yeah, you didn't warn me about that
Okay, but like I said, no more food in the studio
Oh good, yeah, that's been kind of a little fruit once in a while, but no more food
Well, I'll bring something, I can bring that stuff
Yeah, and the donut yesterday was fine
No, no, that was too much
I like no more bagels, no more donuts
I like the bagels
No more pasta, no more pizza
Yeah, we did do it for a while there didn't we
No more tacos
Finally me
No more schmackos
No stone crabs
No stone crabs
No cakes, no puddings, no pies, no pastries
Can you make it clearer?
No hot dogs, no habitors, no cheeseburgers from Royal Castle
I got to keep a looking for a ring dang dude
No, no more ring dangs
Or wingsings or twinkies or yohos or yahuos
Now, so in other words, what you're saying is
Just so I'm crystal clear on these
Yeah, no more crystal hamburgers
You don't want any more food in the studio, right?
Yeah, right
Okay, thank you
Okay, I got it
I got it, clarify that for you
Okay, let's take a call from Miami
Hello
How are you?
Good
I just want to tell you thank you for last night
Is this Marlene?
Yes
Well, isn't that great?
Yeah, we're kind of quiet last night Marlene
Yeah, I know, I was, I was, I was welcome this morning, that's feeling too well
Oh, I'm sorry about that
I think I was catching a cold last night
Oh, I'm sorry
Well, that's okay, I was kind of like entranced anyway
How cold?
Oh
I mean, huh?
How cold?
Well, I don't know, I mean Rick kept the inching over and squeezing my knee
I don't know what he meant by that, but
Now it's just a joke Rick, okay, it's just a little joke
Yeah
Now, Maddie Lowe, I don't think she likes me
I don't know about her, I don't know if she does either
She's very quiet, she's either very quiet or she just doesn't like me
I don't know, I don't know
But it was a pretty good time, wasn't it?
Yeah, we had a nice time, we had a lot of food and it was so fat named
Yeah, and our waiter was, what was his name?
Rad
Rad was pretty interesting young man
Yeah, he was nice
He was very nice and Alan turned out to be quite an interesting caller
Alan?
Don't you remember Alan?
Don't you remember the two young guys from Cooper City, Ohio came by?
Yeah, the two kids from Cooper City, yeah
Yeah, and after they left you said, boy that Alan, I would do anything to kiss his mizuza
I did not
No, that's just, it's just a little joke, Marlene, come on
It's just a joke
But that's good, you're not going to have any food on a station meal
Yeah, I got to lose the weight, I got to stop this eating frenzy
You know, I mean, that was great last night, but now I have to take about a month's rest
Right
Right?
Yep
So how did everybody like it?
Everybody seemed to have a great time, enjoyed the food
Yeah, it was really nice, everyone came home though, that was so nice
Yeah, even Ricky said that, huh?
Even Ricky
Well, he's getting excited about my taking him to the track now
I'm going to be a step away from bankruptcy when I finish with him
Oh, kidding
Not like he's not already
Is he really?
I don't know
Oh, see this?
Hi Ricky
That's my tactics, see I take those young guys to the track and I get them to lose all their money
And then of course when they're desperate for bucks
Well listen Marlene, it's nice hearing from you
Okay, Neil
Have a great day
Okay, bye-bye
She's really great, that whole family just sits nice people
Mm-hmm
I can't begin to tell you
Oh, you're welcome
A 62 year old robbery suspect says he can explain why his fault's teeth were found on a Fort Lauderdale street
where an elderly woman was accosted
While he was trying to rescue the woman from the real robber
His teeth fell out of his pocket according to Joseph Bennett
Yeah, he was going to gum the robber to death
Fort Lauderdale police aren't buying the story
They have charged the Fort Lauderdale man with strong armed robbery
Unbelievable
And sure is yeah, I wonder if he left his polo behind
His manager Bernard J calls Harris Glenn Milstead a lovable man hard working in a talented character actor
Defense though, Milstead is known as the outrageous campy 300 pound cult movie darling Devon
Why do you say is?
Did I say is?
Was, was, I'm sorry
His manager says Milstead was often hurt
Felt misunderstood when he read about himself in the papers described only as a transvestite star
As divine Milstead romped through such John Waters classics as Pinkful Mingo, polyester and the current release hairspray
The LA County Corners office says he died apparently by a fixation while he was sleeping in
I want
Fixation as
Fixation
As
Fixation
Hollywood sleeping in his Hollywood hotel room he choked in it. That's right. By the way
He was gonna appear on the Fox TV series married with children dressed as a man now
There no truth to the rumor that he found the other half of Mama Cassus Ham sandwich that is not true at all
Anyway
The vine was 42 and we'll miss divine yeah partly cloudy today the high
What do you never get appear on this show? No just mention that the high you know I want to rub it in
I think a Greg still trying to figure out who he is exactly
Well I feel like plenty of time to kind of sit back in
Today's high in tomorrow's high will be near 80 degrees and tonight's all around 70 71 degrees this morning at Zeta 4 and at 752
Neil Rogers the rock and roll monster
755 on Zeta 4 now if you watch the bold and the beautiful you'll see this guy wow whoever the hell he is
He's on a player album and for all three people out there who are middle players
Seriously he's in the soap now
Well, I'm sure Dennis Waters
Dennis Walter
We'll enjoy this all the more
Okay, ladies and gentlemen on that note I think it all speaks for itself. Okay. Just stop the ignition
Head for home my foot
Clock on Zeta 4 WZTA Miami Beach fort Lauderdale in a Palm Beach is everybody is cleared out which is excellent
Because I've come up with the new techniques. You one of the things when you're playing music even though this is not a music show
But back in my old days as a district he one of the things you do when you play music that you really get into is you blast the music
You turn it up your blast the speakers off the wall and I've come up with a great new technique now to enable me to do that
That is when a pan and he asks other people in the building come in here and start talking
I just turn it up louder now so that kind of like sends them out in the hall and
Get some the hell out of the studio not to mention any particular names. I don't want you to take it personally
I enjoy the music I know that Gonser probably is listening now can relate to that I want to be able to crank it up get into it and enjoy it
You know the feeling of the show that's what it's all about. I know and I don't mind going on music on
It's not a message for like the program director to come in here and start schmoozing around because he's got nothing to say anyway
Or anybody else in the building to come in here and start yeah, yeah, boys and I see yeah, I mean this is a radio show
This isn't like over the backyard fence. It isn't or is it
Let's see we did one idea, but I guess one good idea deserves another it's the Susan Martin radio
Thaw on WZTA Miami Beach board blotterdale and the Palm Beach's guess the Susan Martin radio
Thaw a non-profit four hours of the Neil Rogers show to raise money for a lobotomy for Susan Martin
And now here's your Jerry Lewis of South Florida Neil Rogers
This planet will self-destruct one minute hi, I'm so going to weaver from outer space
Listen up because I don't have a lot of time
45 seconds did you ever have that uncomfortable feeling in the pit of your stomach the feeling that something hideous and
Frightening is going on in there like something is alive and moving
And it will start coming inside
Oh my god
Well, that's when I take new fast-acting alien self-serve
It neutralizes those nasty little acid base monsters living in your stomach
So go ahead eat that extra crab leg
Assuming of course that it is a crab leg
Because you got the fastest relief in the universe new alien self-serve
It's great for what's eating you
Okay, it's 802 on Zeta 4. It's kind of cute isn't it and I wonder what Ed thinks of that very much for playing that
I'm just really every team to me sure that other stuff
I think I did three in Miami before but I'll are you sure that's right?
Yeah, I think
No, no, no, no, one. Yeah, see I had a feeling Richard how you doing? Yeah, Neil how you doing pretty good Richard how you doing?
Oh, I'm alright just hanging out listening to the radio
Hey Richard, let me ask you a question. How you doing? Oh, I'm alright
Oh, I'm alright just hanging out by the radio
Listen Neil
Yeah, Richard, hey listen
Yeah
What are you doing today Richard?
Oh, hi, Bird, no one ever talked to you man. They always go anyways. Yeah, now they ignore me. Can you blame them?
You know, he doesn't have that strong hot-toe voice, you know
Like I do, I know
Yeah, you know, listen Neil
Yeah, you're a little wimpier. What's amazing?
You watched the Playboy channel last time. I don't have to play Boy Channel sir
I have American cable up in plantation. I have that fascist-minded channel. Oh, yeah
Yeah, that's a cable system where they give us the sunshine network with all the distorted pictures on it
Yeah, it looks like your picture tube just went out. Yeah, I want a bumper
You can say that again Richard
So listen Richard, let me ask you a question now that I'm thinking of it. How you doing?
Oh, I'm alright. I'm just hanging out by the radio. Oh, yeah
First and then what was on the Playboy channel last night was the Playboy Spring fling
And it showed Fort Lauderdale Beach, you know? Yeah, but there were people there I bet
Oh man, you should see how many people were there and they had these banners hanging out over the
You know, welcome students to Fort Lauderdale Beach
You know, they showed all the you know great action that goes on
It was really interesting, you know, to show what it used to be like
Yeah, really reminiscent isn't it? Yeah, right?
Yeah, boy, those were the days they still got a bit
Not for good, maybe if you had it you should have gone
No, I didn't have it last night Richard
I said bump for man
There were certainly some people around I would like to have had it but just doesn't work out. You know, it's still my life
Yeah, listen, I get my roommate here seeing how we're doing this so well he wants to talk to you about your range or something about how far you get out
About my range? Yeah, just that one caller tall down
Yeah, which burner is it that he's interested in?
Richard
Radio
The radio station as that one caller said down to that
So where is he Richard?
He's sitting right here, you want to talk to him? I guess
Okay, so he's towards
Yeah, okay
Hey Neil
Hey George, how you doing?
Okay, listen, your radio, yes, your range of radio gets out
We've picked it up as far going up 27 into more haven
Wow, that's right
I thought about that time what happens is that 95 Y and F and Tampus start to go
Oh yeah, they were operating on the same frequency
Yeah, we're going to knock those bastards off the air, okay? They're in the barn, yeah
And that's, I can't tell you how far west but I don't think it up in more haven
You picked it up in more haven, I'm hoping you can get rid of it in South Florida
And then there's the real interesting one is this 50,000 watt
Both torches that you're operating next door there
Yeah
Just before they get to the nighttime pattern in the twilight
Yeah
It runs real havoc with M.A.Z. up and making when you get up around Pensacola
Really? Well, that's incredible
So I just figured you'd let you know
I bet you all those people in Milton will love Stan show
Yeah, right
Okay, have a great day, but
Okay, George, by the way, if you just calm yourself down please just try to control yourself
Mm-hmm
Okay, this is such a frightening control now
It's just a frightening car
I know the Stan Major show in Milton, Florida
You boggled my mind, Neil
Yeah, it stands down to a two in Miami but he's got a 17-share in Milton
And he's big in two egg
Yeah
Are you going to do the weather? You're going to drink the coffee or want neither of the above
Partly cloudy
Maybe we can get her on a recording to do the whole weather then you wouldn't have to tax yourself
Sorry
Hi, today in the morning, I'm AB
We'll follow our insurance on price
And load it at about seven
What a great recording Dave
Please, when going hard
How much will this cost us?
Three degrees
73 at Zeta 4 and it's almost seven past eight
Eight minutes to have to rate and don't forget, the colder is open now, tropical at cooler
And today is what? Tuesday? That means they're racing at colder at one o'clock today
And every day, Tuesday through Sunday and tropical at colder of course offers you an opportunity to get out, plunge your brains out in real relaxing style
You know, we could look from here, we can see the Robbie Stadium right from here and we just know that right next door to it is colder
And it really is my favorite track, not that I make any money there, don't get me wrong
But I just have a good time and you will too because you'll enjoy the laid back atmosphere and of course the great racing
And a good food all through the track now, I have to say this in all honesty, many of the paramutual plants offer you food
That is less than outstanding, okay? Is that a very diplomatic way to put it?
But at Calder, no matter where you eat, whether it's in one of the dining rooms or whether it's up there
And I see where I like to go, is up on the roof, the roof garden where they have those delicious deli sandwiches
The pastrami and corn, beef and Martha makes all those phenomenal sandwiches for me
And you know, you get your big pickle there, which is always exciting to me
And it really is great, you're going to love Calder
And if you know, it's interesting Rick said to me at the melting pot last night, he said, you know, I asked him, you ever go to the track
He said, well, I went a couple of times because I heard you talk about it and plunged my brains out
And I said, well, you got to know what you're doing
Good idea
So if there are any budding young would be horse people, and of course they have to look like Rick
But if they're in that same general genre, I'll be more than happy to show him how to read the racing form and the program
And get the scratches off the board and hear Phil Saltsman screaming and wailing upstairs in the whole business
Well, can we? I'll be delighted to do that
I just like to tag along and I said they have to look like Rick, okay? Not like Frankenstein
Don't forget racing today and every day Tuesday through Sunday, tropical of Calder post-time 1 p.m.
So does that mean no? We can't
You wouldn't say nothing, we just be kind of like behind you just tell you
Ten minutes past it on Zeta 4, we have a lively Canadian, it says hello
Hello, who's this?
Who is it?
Yes, who is this?
Why is she pooping?
I've been waiting on the phone for a hour, we're waiting here
At the corner of Northwest 2 Avenue and Northwest 207, I am now the official president of the Canadian Neil Rogers fan club
Well, that's marvelous sir, like I said, I knew this was a great job
I think I've been working so hard
I'm 97 power and I'm the president of your fan club and I got a forest here and I'm lost and I got a present for you
See you really?
Oh yes, all the way from Toronto
Wait a minute, I'm on the plane
Wait sir, take a breath, okay, take a breath
Now
A breath, I'm tired, I'll be waiting, how do I get to your place?
What does he just say?
He's on the corner of 207th Avenue
And 2nd
I'm at the corner of Northwest 207 Street
And Northwest 207 Street
Okay, first of all, we're not on 207th Street, we're on 207th Drive
Okay, can you see the school from where you are, the elementary school?
No, I see a guy in the water, what are you talking about?
Now he's in the wrong place
He's not really out of the picture, he's here
I'm in the corner of my mind, get to the front
Sir, let me just suggest this thing
You're a lot, you're east of where we are, okay, we're way out west
We're out near the turnpike, now don't start crying on us, okay, no
Canadians tend to cry a lot, but don't start on us, okay?
Don't start squirting on the air, please sir
Where do I go?
Where do you go?
Tell me that like that, but where do I go to get to you?
He wants me to give him directions on the air, how to get here, oh my god
I thought why the guy hung up on me, just wait a second, I said no, just one direction
Go north to what?
No, no, I'm a northwest 207th Street, northwest to Avon
He was talking to me for like 30 seconds and I was trying to go okay, okay, hold on, he was like go for ever
Wait a minute, just a second here sir
He's trying to say that I hung up on you
And this is how you get the president of your family, come on
Sir, let me ask you something, there are thousands and thousands of people listening
This is a radio show, we're here to try to entertain the audience, not to try to give directions
He's a lost Canadian
Just think of the man who picked up the phone before, because I just said, unquote, I just want to get directions to your station to surprise the awardgers
And he said, hang on, and I've been hanging on for about half an hour
He never heard you say that sir, he doesn't know what the hell you're talking about
He doesn't know what the hell I'm talking about
That's what he just said, yeah
I said I had something drippy in the west
Yeah, he said that
You have something dripping in wet, well sir, put it away, will you please?
What an disgrace, I can't believe he said that
What do they think we're doing down here?
Oh, these Canadians boy, they got some kind of flip-spot or what?
It's 8-12 on Zeta 4
I cannot believe that he said that
By the way, today is stupid Tuesday and in keeping with the spirit of the day
Oh, look at what you did to this, where did you go?
Mommy, you stopped that fighting right now
Mommy, runny hit me
That's because he hit me first
Did not
Did too
These kids today, are giving countries to play with and they just don't appreciate it
You're a big liar, right?
Well, you're a mad doggy, momar
Maaaah
There you go again, always crying from mom
Oh, sometimes they make me so mad, I wish I could just slap them silly
I'm not scared of you, I got friends with me and so
Will I don't care because my gun's bigger than your gun?
This mother's day, I just hope they think of me
Don't you tell me about public service message from Mother Earth?
Don't you tell me?
Okay, so that on the motivation to get out here and get involved in stupid Tuesday, shouldn't it?
Yeah
Anybody out there voting for Ducaca today?
I am, are you really?
Well, good luck to you
Our next president ladies and gentlemen and the first lady, Kenny Ducaca
This is going to be like flashback to the 16th
Answering the musical trivia question, can Kenny Ducaca?
Okay, okay, moving right along, that Canadian guy got me really upset
What the hell is his problem anyway besides being lost?
I'm in the same direction as back to Toronto
Now I think it's fascinating we had the tape of your, with you with another Canadian
That's after he called after that
And I think it was the same guy, I mean, it's just a feeling I have in my bones, you know
Ladies and gentlemen, it's a public service
WZTA radio is beginning the collection fund to send all French Canadians back to Montreal
And all English speaking Canadians back to wherever the hell they came from
I bet that guy was calling from Maple Leaf Gardens
It sounded like one of the Maple Leafs to me
Need to
Well Pacquiao sandwiches, okay?
Will even make him Canadian bacon
What the hell is Canadian bacon by the way?
Well, it's just a, I've had it, it's just a different, different cheaper
No, no, it's not cheaper
Oh wait a minute, Figuero is on the line
Okay, get him
No, it sounds like Figuero's union
No, it's Figuero, I'm telling you, I can, that's Figuero, put him on hold immediately
You can't tell Figuero when you hear him
No, that's not him
Yes, it is, one line
Oh, that's Figuero
Figuero
Oh, it sounds like a Muslim
That's not Figuero
No, it's not Figuero, you're right
Well, for the Dorees sounded pretty good
Thank you
Figuero, Jr.
Yeah, is this Figuero, Jr. Jr.
Figuero, Jr.
He's singing something he's singing from a minaret
He is working up to it, don't you, isn't he?
Mm-hmm, he's all right
So who are you looking for Figuero?
Figuero, Jr.
Good, go sick, I'm Figuero, good luck to you babe
816, on Zeta 4, there's an open line in date
And if there's any cheap French Canadians out there
We have a little message for you from all of our good friends in South Florida radio
Go to hell back where you came from
Get out of our lives
Put driving two miles an hour out on the expressways
You maniacs
Oh man, I really don't know
They make me nauseous
All you've got to do is see a Quebec license plate
And you immediately know, man, you're not going anywhere
Mm-hmm
But I like the one thing that they do
They do is when they change lanes and they turn on their signal
They like to leave them on
And I like that, that's a good idea
Yeah, just so I think
In case you missed it the first time
Exactly, and I think it's a great service
Well see, they're conserving their physical energy
So they're so damn cheap
They don't even like to waste physical energy
Because you have to reach over and you know, make a little yank
Just a little yank to shut them off
Uh-huh
When I was after I landed at the airport
I hadn't been back in town for 10 minutes
And this guy was in front of me at a light
Decided he wanted to get back on the interstate
The light turned green
He started crossing across three lanes
Oh yeah, all these cars were honking at him
He was blocking drivers
Great idea
Yeah, good idea
Here's Chris Cross on Zeta 4
That was great
Okay, it's 817, we have a first time caller from West Palm Beach, hello
Hello Neil, how are you?
Good, how are you?
You know why that French Canadian was calling from 207th Street?
Why is that so?
You only 10th cent fall in South of the world business
I believe it
I believe it
I believe it
I believe it
And he was using it
I'll leave that part in North-Western, let's just go to Toronto and save everybody a hassle
He was using two wooden nickels on his stand
Yeah, yeah, he rubs them together
He's trying to make a fire if he couldn't do anything else
Exactly
Hold on a second
Somebody else must say hello to you
Okay
Hello, Neil
Hello
First time caller
Great
Two-month listener
Good
Excellent show
Right
I enjoy it
New York, California boy
Yeah
One in your top
You're right
All right, it cost me 45 minutes on the line here
New Cho's in the arrow
Yeah
What do you think?
But at least you're not one of those cheap French Canadians, right?
Oh, not at all
Send them back when they came from
I tell you, those dudes back in little bit, you know what I tell you
I believe it though
Yeah
I have to tell you a little stories
The other night I went into a bar
I bet you did, yeah
The West Palm
Celebrations, right?
And there was a Polish guy
And he looked at the end of the bar and it was this beautiful girl
But he didn't have the nerve to grow up and talk to her
But now a lady I saw him, he was drinking beer and he got the nerve
He went up to her and says, you know I've been looking at you all night
And you're simply gorgeous
I would love to take you home and have mad passion
Exactly
The girl says that sounds so nice
But I'm on my menstrual cycle
So the Polish guy says, don't worry about it, I'll have my luket out there
But I'll follow you
That's too bad
Pretty cute
Okay, but don't ever call her again, so we don't do jokes
So we liked it
It was cute, but we don't do jokes, okay sir
Oh my god, now that was cute though
There was a lot
In fact, he could call back and tell it again
We have an open line in Broward at 7779-3600
7779-3600, I guess time to talk about the pot, right?
Good time
Yeah, it's a good time for the great taste
The melting pot, and again, my thanks to Dana and Brad, our waiter
Our terrific young waiter who tried desperately to spill one of those drinks on me last night
But didn't succeed, listen, he could have spilled anything on me, it would have been alright
But anyway, if you want a fantastic meal, nice atmosphere, reasonable prices
I mean, the food is so good there that everybody just gets like spastic
They really do, they start raving and dripping and drooling
And Ricky's family was just orgasmic, they really were
In fact, I was kind of embarrassed, they were all just rolling around together on a table
But we had a sensational time last night, and you will too
And they're not three melting pots, we should mention that
Of course, the brand new one up in what they call West Palm Beach
But you can bet your life on it is Lake Ward
It's at 30, 44 South military trail up in Palm Beach County
And of course, the same delicious fondue, the great Swiss and cheddar cheese appetizers
And delicious beef chicken and a seafood to dip in a peanut oil with all those seven delicious sauces
And then of course, the dessert
No matter what it is, I should also mention the chef salad with delicious honey mustard dressing
But the highlight of every meal at the melting pot is that dessert
The milk chocolate and the white chocolate with amaretto
And last night as part of the birthday celebration, Rick did stand up
And did dip that banana in the white chocolate
And everybody at the table was just owing and I
And it was astonishing, I was just breathless
And you will be too when you eat at the melting pot
It's as good as it gets, I'm serious
And if you've never had fondue before, you're in for a real tweet
As they say in Birdland
I shouldn't even dignify you, you know, you shine this last night
The food was so good, we had a great time
But you know, nobody missed you
Anyway, as I said, there are three locations
There are a mile west of university driver
Just east of Pine Island road on sample road in Coral Springs
Where big day views to work
They newly expanded location to 98 35 Sunset Drive in Kendall
Where we had that magnificent meal last night
And the brand new melting pot
3044 South Military Trailer West Palm
Now I do mention that reservations are strongly suggested
So since it's already Tuesday
Oh, seriously, if you have plans coming up for the weekend
You probably ought to call now for like Thursday, Friday, Sunday
That's a great idea
The pot
It's a 21 past eight on Zeta Ford
Did you, you got a mobile on two?
Did you want me to do this for?
No, I'll do the mobile first
Whatever the hell you want, Captain Dave, hello
Hello, Neil, how are you today?
Good
As the listing, there's a reason why the birds shine
And I think that Angela, I think that
And Glenn can congratulate her
Because last week we were talking about
I mean, Jewish by association
And I want everybody to know that
That Glenn became Jewish by injection last night
So my little Yiddish, your bagel, look, congratulations
Of course, the bagel is a bird and Yiddish
Right?
So you want to take that break down on Zeta Ford
I think it's time to take that break
Okay, whatever you say, it's 23 past eight
On Zeta Ford, Gondzers, Grill today at noon
On the Jeff Gondzers show featuring
Yes
Neil Young
Neil Young
E-L-O, that's a good one
And Van Halen
So that's coming up a little later on today
You sure you're going to want to miss that
Okay, now listen, something we have to have
Miguel here, by the way, I see a truck out there
I'm not sure
Because I want him to make a personal delivery now
You, of course, don't watch those soaps
But this douchebag here on the left
And this picture on the front of the player album
Player Danger Zone, that's the one that's in the soap opera
Wow
In fact, he's probably on this album too, is there a picture?
Yeah, it's just a...
This is a football here, yeah
He's on the bull in the beautiful
I don't really give it damn how old he is, okay?
Because he's a mung brain
And that's a bad show anyway, that shows like a filler
It's between the young and the horny
And what's that other show? Is the world squirms?
Yeah, is that the one that Dusty is on Brian Bloom as he on as the world turns?
I know, I'm...
Come on, now you're supposed to roll out of my area
I just... these soaps, you know
I'm sorry
The soaps are going to be really hurting from the writers, right?
Possibly
That's all right, they'll make it up as they go along and they'll probably be better
Yeah, probably well
In fact, if they do it extemporaneously, maybe they're actually...
If they would only do them live, it would be great
Like they used to
Because then they might get a little bit excited, you know
They might get carried away and forget that the cameras are rolling and that would be good
Anyway, it's 825 on Zeta 4
And there was something else I wanted to do
I want them to go to deliver those back to that lady in Hollywood, that's not that far away
She called earlier, but she couldn't hang on, so she hung out
Oh really? But that...
Barbara, we're sorry that we couldn't get to you, Barbara
You're a great American, Barbara
She is, but I want him to deliver those personally, because I don't want to put them in the mail
All right
Because they'll either get stolen or be, they'll break both of them by the time they get to Hollywood, okay?
Because not that we don't love our friends in a Carol City post office, bless them
But...
I think their favorite group is the staple singers in that area
Boy, I never forget that period of time when we used to have money and cash and everything coming into mail
And like half of my mail would be stapled closed again
Opened by mistake, in fact they didn't even put that stamp on there
You know, they were too busy opening the next one
Anyway, so just a little pointer, don't mail your mail in the Carol City post office
Okay, boys and girls, if you want to get it to the other end
Let's take a call from the Port Waterdale, hello
Yeah, Neil
Yeah, my name's Vinnie, I'm from Brooklyn
You're from Brooklyn, Vinnie?
Yeah
Great
Hey Vinnie, Vinnie
What kind of a lousy phony accent is that, Vinnie?
Come on
Okay
Yeah, come on
You can't fool, you can't...
It's kind of making a scene
You can't...
I have to deal with the people I work with
You can't be S-A-B-S-E-R, Vinnie
No, yeah, that's true
Yeah
I thought I was a better B-S-R, but I'm not
What, you got a lot of New Yorkers, were you work?
Yeah
I'm from Ups and I'm from Fairport
Oh, great
That's why I worked in the park
I was working earlier this morning
About Don and Bob, so you got excited
He was ready to reach for those porkers right away
I liked the way you cut up that, that was classic
Yeah, wasn't he great?
Yeah
Yeah, Sendo's Canadians right back, all of them, not just the French Canadians
Every damn one of them back where they came from
They're nasty
First we have one of our account executives, Brian will get all up sick
Because he's a good guy
But we're sending him back too, that's all right
We're about to practice through you from
From Brighton
Brighton?
Yeah
Yeah, you used to work around there
You're right near Don and Bob's
I went to elementary school right next door there
Yeah
Brighton Elementary, I know the bird gets excited about this
You bet, every time we reminisce about Upstate New York
He starts gagging and his beak starts getting all nervous and chirpy
And he gets hysterical
I used to work around university
You noticed, yeah
Do I know this one?
How he just continues on
Why not? Why shouldn't we're having a conversation?
A conversation
Yeah
What do you want to do? Talk about Lakeland and the Stake and Shake again?
That's right
That's pretty exciting
Well, every time
Yeah, but Don and Bob's up against your lousy Stake and Shake any day of the week, you mungray
We give it net tyros as better than that
Exactly, we'll take you to Vick and Irv's
I'm going to have a garbage plate for $350
Yeah, exactly
We'll take you, we'll make you smell the lilac for $250
That'll open up your nostrils
Right?
Right
We'll take him up to Cobb's Hill and we'll put him on a water fountain
That's tall
I was not just people from New York telling me I'm an apple knocker
All right, tell us, it is
Tell us loud mouth out, not just douchebags from New York
To chill out, okay, Tommy
That's not what I was talking about
And his name is Vinnie
And he's always told me, yeah, I never heard him ratchet stuff
Yeah, of course not, because he doesn't have a brain large enough to get a word that big in his brain, okay?
Hey, your mother takes a bath in the Genesci River
Yeah, very funny
Tell them to take a word of it
Don't say that again, but that's okay
You're not Vinnie, who the hell are you?
I'm Bill
You're Phil, okay
What do you got me else confused on, Rattled?
You've taken a page from the Captain Dave Songbook there
Oh yeah
There seems to be a lot of that stuff going around these days
Wow
Yeah
Even see it on bumper stickers now
Yeah
In fact Beverly Phillips has got a new bumper stick says, bleep happens, I can't believe it
Paulus, and have a great day Phil, and we'll see you dot in Bob's and Vick and Irv's
I'll put Cadet cleaners in the 12 corners
I don't blame you, I was the last summer man, we got up to at least 30 degrees in July, it was great
I'll see you finger lakes
All right, take it
Bye Phil
Now what's wrong with that? What is wrong with I'll see it finger lakes? You don't even know what that is
You guys named about 15 places that nobody's familiar with
Except maybe your basic Rochester fairy
Okay, here we go
I mean what if I wasn't to talk about months and or a pace
Okay, I apologize to those people some of them been waiting a long time
I just hung up on all the lie, okay, now wait a minute
I just hung up on everybody, okay, cleared the board, you know why?
Because I want only people now in the next half hour or so
The calling who heard of a lot of those places that I just mentioned, okay?
See I'll give you got you and they call it tit for tat
All you upstate New York people call in and let Captain Dave have a dose of his own medicine
I mean here's a big city slicker from Milton Florida, okay?
He's from a town that makes two egg look like Manhattan, okay?
And he's ragging on us because we have a lot of people from upstate New York out there
Look at the phone man, they're going nuts
I'll punch him up, don't worry about it
Dave County, hello
Ray's race track
Finger Lakes
Yeah, yeah, absolutely
You lose some money there?
I lost some money there, made some money there when I was going to school
Then upstate New York and right time for it to keep going
Okay, thank you
Buh-bye
There's water
Yeah, there's one
You among brain, you douchebag
Or he is so full of what he said yesterday
It's 8.30 on Zeta 4, Dave County, hello
Watertown, New York
Alright, let's hear it for watertown man, where they have 40 foot drips of snow
Okay, that's right
And Masina
Uh-huh, Carthage
Now you're talking
Alright Neil
Take care, bye-bye
Take that
Well, you know they do have a lot of good stores
And take this
Yeah
I bet you even browned those from Rochester, right?
Oh, cheek to wagging New York
Yeah, you have to listen to my KVW and Buffalo
Okay, then never withstand Roberts and Rod Roddy and all those douchebags, exactly
Exactly, it was great up there
Dick Beyondy
Yeah
And the, uh, the Hound Dog, George Lorenz
Yeah, you used to go and see the Rochester Red Wing's play
In Silver Stadium
That's right, that's right, that's right
You used to go and see the Buffalo Bison's play
There's nothing, I'm telling you, there's nothing like sitting in Red Wing or Silver Stadium
It's called now
And having a couple of white hots with onions on them, man
I just sit there and smell the aroma of the lilacs from Cobb's Hill
That's what life's all about, these people from Florida wouldn't know life if it bit them on the butt, you know what?
I'm curious to hear it all right
Okay, see you later
A bunch of Hick Redneck douchebags
Oh, I'm from Florida, yeah, I'd be ashamed to tell anybody about it, okay? I would hate to admit it
What on the Andethal State?
There's a big sign when you drive into Milton, Florida
You found the Andethal Hound
That's what it says
Okay, 8.32 on Zeta 4, where are we going next here? Let's take another Broward caller, hello
Yeah, I'm Carl from Boca
Speak to me
Um, I got the five plastic Jesus' to put on my dashboard
Okay, I'm a Zeta, I'm a carer, George
But where are you from?
Boca
Boca
Howard County, hello
Hi
Yes, upstate in New York, calling?
Okay
Hi, Crystal Beach
Crystal Beach, where is that?
Well, I'm going to say the other side of Buffalo
Oh, the other side of Buffalo, like for Donia, Dunkirk?
No, in Canada
Oh, in Canada?
I know it, it looks like the day and day
Oh, in Ontario, what are you okay?
I can tell by the sound of your voice, you're one of those minorities, one of the nice Canadians
No, no, born in Buffalo
Oh, you're born in Buffalo, and other than you got lost, they shipped you across the Peace Bridge?
Kind of like that
Yeah, I see
Peace Bridge
The Peace Bridge, that's right, the Peace Bridge, okay?
I like that he's hot dog
What is it?
That he's hot dog
How about, let's see, what do they got in Buffalo that alley, Mike subs?
And chicken wings?
Yeah, they're big on chicken wings in Buffalo, aren't they?
Because they got all those Polish people up there and that's all they can eat, is chicken wings
What are we gonna do, we're gonna hang fort Lauderdale and have a mask, you know?
Evidently, yeah
Sounds good
Okay
Love yourself
Bye-bye
I see that we're getting, just a flood of upstate New Yorkers here and you people, gee
I think it's like some kind of a game or some kind of a joke
This is what real life is all about, speaking of that, here's Jay Michaels in his, the last day for his Tiffany
Wow
And my Tiffany should be arriving at about 10 o'clock this morning, I just mentioned that in the past
Should be
Yeah, hopefully
I mean, it's desperate, it's like now or never, now who the hell is that that just drove in there and that can't lie
Sales person
Right behind Jay Michaels
Brian, is that Brian?
Is that our Canadian American friend?
Our token Canadian
Yeah, that's our token minority Canadian, we had a higher one Canadian on the staff and we leave it to Brian, he's a good guy
He needs to get rid of that Canadian background
It's 834
Look at those lines flash and men are flashing like a Hanukkah bush
This is what life is all about, I'm trying to tell you, is a white hot it down and bobs a trip to a finger like to plunge your brains out
Then a little trip on the through way to Batavia downs at night for those one to five shots
Even Fred shots never saw such shots
As you'll see a Batavia downs, I actually won money there every night when I was on vacation
I know that's shocking
Shocking
I don't want to get Ricky all upset there about the track it is hopes up because it's you know one of those things if you take 10-20,000 with your Ricky you got to be ready to lose it
834 on Zeta 4 and now don't stop bringing a phone just let him keep bringing away we'll call it a screenless Tuesday
Oh that's amazing
Interesting that I dreamed up that idea just like in the phones flash and all of a sudden it became a screenless Thursday and a meatless Friday and a
Mungless Tuesday
We don't have a screen today so it's kind of a pro
Yeah sure is
Okay
Now don't you
If you're going out in the sun as Alan Braira would say be sure to use screen number three today because the sun is picking through those high clouds up in the sky
