One nation, one country, one country, the
Everybody who helps them dance like that
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side of the line.
I'm going to go to the other side to look around them.
Do you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like books or can you like
book or can you like books or can you like books
So anyway, I'm lying in bed. It's about midnight. I'm telling you they have turned
that thing down. It must have. The overhead? Have an eternal level on that thing down.
It must have. And you're going to be getting it was tremendous. And either my hearing is
going very rapidly or they've turned it down. So your doorbell rang. Well, I hear you better,
but I don't hear me. I hear me a little. Anyway, yeah, I'm in bed and I'm on a
verge of falling asleep. And the doorbell rings. Now, I'm not too crazy about people coming to
visit at midnight. Okay. Really? Especially unannounced. And I thought this has to be a nightmare.
This is the nightmare on Elm Street. And then all of a sudden, I hear like a knocking at the door.
So I go and I looked through my window to see who the hell it is. And I see these four or five young
guys out there. So I thought either I died and I went to hell. Oh my. Oh my. You know who I'm
talking about. And I said, what can I do for you? Because I don't know who the hell they are. I can't,
you know, make them out. It's dark. And Neil, I said, yeah, this is Alan.
Alan from Cooper City, the infamous Alan home from Gainesville for the holidays.
The wonder traffic was so bad this morning at midnight. So I opened a door and he came in and the
other guys are like half standing inside and outside. I had my bathroom on. And he said, oh,
well, you know, we just did driving by and we saw the light on figure you were partying.
See all the people in a house man, they're all invisible, but we're having his giant party.
Alan truly changed. Well, to make a long story short, and he was, you know, and I said, come back
sometime when I'm awake, okay? I mean, give me a call and let me know. There are like four guys
with him, okay? And the interesting part of it is two of them were better looking at he is. But
anyway, so this morning I go out to my car to come to work and there is spit on my Corvette.
Usually I put it in the garage, okay? But last night I didn't, there's spit on the front and on
the back. Does this do, does this tell you anything? I mean, this or any. So I guess I was supposed
to let them in, huh? Is that the idea? I suppose you put my clothes on and let them in and have a big
party, right? That's about five this morning. Yeah, big party. So you're wrong. No people don't change.
And evidently he's a classic, I'm facetious. I know a classic example of that, okay? Yeah.
So Alan will see you one of these years, okay? But they're messing you up and gains, Bill Bay.
He's living proof that somebody that looks great, it doesn't prove a thing, okay?
They prove a trust me. That's right. Anyway, we got to take a break already, right Roger?
Boy, this show is flying by and I want to thank Uncle Mike for, well, he didn't have a choice.
We've just been stealing him left and right all these pickles, but he had so many of them.
These Don Herman pickles from Ohio, the kosher deals with from the circle you ranch man, they are good.
They are incredible. And I know that probably Linda will be calling it,
I'm not your dad, I'm not your dad. You know, listen, it's great and all of that.
But a little pickle here and there never heard anybody, okay? It's 11.
The media is sick and they talk badly. It's 1014 at WIOD, the New Yorkshire show.
It's a Wednesday and man, I'm counting, this is a lot to call for some of us.
Yeah. When it gets under 70, I get real nervous, okay?
Well, when it goes into the 40s, it's like a major news story in this town.
Yeah, I can't take it. Well, it sure was on the local newsman,
I had nothing else to talk about. I had Don know on in the first story, which,
really? What does that tell you? I'm Brian Narcrow. Listen, I,
well, before we get into that, I just want to mention I have my other $500 check
for Camilla Sounds right in my hand here. I had a box came in yesterday and was going to bring
$500,000. It gave us a thousand. Amazing. And so I had to bring another $500 to match him and
here it is. So that's two grand between the two of us. And it would be kind of interesting to
see some of the other radio personalities coming up with some serious bucks for Camilla Sounds.
There's some people in this town make some big bucks. Right? That's what they say.
And I see the city and their um, um, Nippetense man, they open up Miami Stadium for the
street people because it was so cold. I said the only problem is that most of them are downtown
the three and a half miles away and it couldn't get there. So there were about a half a dozen people
inside the stadium and the rest of the homeless were out there in the streets freezing their
tushies off last night. Okay? But at least they're beginning to recognize. Uh-huh. That's correct.
Um, I brought the star in this morning just in case, you know, like just in case we need it.
And there's a picture, a Lisa Bonet on the cover. And she does have a ring in her nose.
You're absolutely correct. I told you that. I can't think I made that out of it.
No, there's a ring on her nose and bells on her toes, man. She's like something out of, um,
I don't know what out of outer space. I look at this headline. Yes, what Madonna wants tattooed
on her fan. Just in case we need it later, we can cover that. Does it say in there what you
want tattooed on her fan? That has a picture. I'll tell you one thing. I wouldn't want to be anywhere
near her fan or any other part of her man. She is the grubbiest, the most, the scroungiest thing.
We do have a channel 10 report though. The rumor is that Terry Merrim and Stirlizer here,
yeah, they've just got it all hidden somewhere. So they have messed, they keep doing that, man.
They keep messing with these women's hair and their news. They don't mess with ants here.
No, because she'll knock them flat if they mess with them. Okay. Or do I, but is it, is it really true
that watercronis is the one that's messing with the hair? Because man, he's all thumbs, you know,
he's just shaking like a leaf. Well, it's a big question. Anyway, August Campbell with the
I-95 asshole record is going to give us, he's got about 50 copies of the record left.
And what he's going to do is bring him over here, head sharing column. And then what we're going to do
is kind of like auction him off for the Camilo's house at about 50 bucks a piece, something like that.
Great. Well, that's not going to happen today, but it's going to happen sometimes in the next
few days. So we thank August for doing that. We put him back on the map. Plus he was in that movie.
What is the name of that movie? Dominic. Dominic and Pupik. And somebody.
These pickles, man, are so good. And we're a thank Uncle Mike for allowing us to steal them.
He didn't really give them to anybody. Yeah, you've got a can on the floor, a jar down on the
floor, Roger. So you better get him fairly soon. Otherwise, some of us might just take him home.
They're not on your diet. You know, that kind of stuff.
Oh, seriously, we were having our little thing yesterday and I'm doing great, you know,
and fat riches doing tremendously. Yeah. And we had our little weekly seminar in there.
And then they were going through this thing about, now those olives don't, you know,
the onions in the olive, you know, I don't want to make fun of anybody, but some of these people
in the program, you know, some of the powers that be able to take it a little too seriously.
Like I'm really going to check out how many olives are in my salad. Can't you see me sitting here
trying to put them back together again so I can then count how many whole olives they were on a salad?
Okay, I'm doing great. Let's not get carried away. Okay, you know what I'm saying?
Okay, it's just a dill pickle. I just want to salt there. I want to salt.
Okay, anyway, and then this morning, I'm sitting there and like I kind of a late start.
I can't imagine why, but I got kind of a late start and it's about a quarter to nine and I'm sitting
there. I didn't even have the TV on. I'm just staring in this space because I usually leave about five
to nine and I hear what on the front door. And I wasn't really sure. I thought, now maybe
I'm hearing things again. Maybe it was that Alan experience that I hear.
And so I go to the window again and I look and I don't see anybody there. And then just as I'm
going to walk away from the window, I see STEM, the infamous mysterious STEM, was there coming back
from school, stopping off to say good morning. And he's listening right now just before he takes his
10 hour nap. But boy, it's really been something. It's been an exciting last to say. I let it
step. That's the popular rumor. Anyway, it's 20 past 10. I don't think that anything happened.
If it did, I forgot. I think he was just trying to give me his cold.
Well, I think they're allowed to come to your door. Are they? I'm not at midnight. No, not at midnight.
Well, no, that's ridiculous. But that Alan. And then that didn't bother me. I mean, it was kind
of weird, but that didn't bother me. But then this morning when I get up and I see that he spit
and it could be one of his friends, but knowing him as well as I do, it had to be him. He encouraged
to. No, he did it. And he did. Because I expected this alive. That's typically trust me.
Well, how come you didn't open up your house and turn all the lights? Spencer is washing a waxing
the vet right now. So it's not going to really make a big deal one way or the other. But it's just
the idea to spit out. If it was like some pedestrian car, that would be one thing. But on my beautiful
new vet, I don't. And by the way, you know, Sunny was in here yesterday telling me about
sunny Fox. It is about his bed is better than mine is his black Corvette because he's got the fancy
wheels. How's your Ferrari, sunny? See, I blew an opportunity to really, but now he's a good guy.
That was a. Let me mention that was a rhetorical question. He does not have to call to respond.
That is correct. You don't have to call a response. I appreciate the thousand bucks. And I brought
my other 500 here. It is your witness. But please give it a rest. We have to be sure.
Chronic is done. Cut. Yeah. It doesn't watch himself 1024 W. I would now listen. I want to tell you
give you a little word of warning. Okay. Between now and January 2nd, the pigs out there are going to
be going eight. All right. In fact, Roger left me this thing from the paper. Mm hmm. About the new
goals being out. This is the story. Michael Putney and the other day on channel. About the
a day FHP pig troopers who are who used to have to have. Let me try it again. They had a quota of
0.84497 tickets per patrol hour. Now it's up to 1.00442. How do you give 1.00442 tickets an hour?
In other words, if you're going just a little over the speed limit, I'm going to give you 0.0042. I'll
give a full ticket to the other guy. You know, not even zoned. But anyway, the pigs are going nuts.
And even though they lie like crazy about not having a quota, they have goals, goals and incentive.
That's correct. They make it an offer they can't refuse. So anyway, you know, the holiday times
is when they're real nail it nail everybody like crazy. You know, they're in a holiday spirit.
They want to have a good time. So if you're going, remember when they were doing it for like two
miles over the speed limit? Absolutely. That wasn't that long ago. I think that was two years ago.
Mm hmm. Yeah. And they were saying, and of course, it was great for tourism. You know, because it was
all over the country on CNN things like that. And if you go to Florida and you're going 57, man,
they're going to nail your ass and give you a ticket. They're more interested in giving out a lot
of little tickets. Yeah. They're little than big interactions. They like to give out a lot of
people who are drunk out of their minds. The ones who are going 120 and all of that crap. They're
not or the ones who are going 10 miles an hour on the interstate. They don't worry about that. I don't
give a lot. So that's just a little word of warning. And if you want to get your ass nail, that's
up to you. But some of us would prefer not to. It's 10 25 W I O D. We're going to take some calls
showing really. And I'm going to say this. Well, I'm not going to say it. We'll just do it as we
go along. But unfortunately, because it's that time of the year and some of the pinheads are on
break and all of that. I don't want to mention Allen's name. But you noticed the last few days.
There have been a little more of the crankiness out there. You know, talking about I'm going to
dump them all because I'm getting really tired. I mean, if it's something good, then I like to leave
it on. But just the general run of the mill, you know, the usual I've got that kind of stunts.
That's not too creative. You know, it's not very exciting or interesting. And not only that,
they get off on hearing it. Oh, they run back to the radio and they turn it up and they start
doing amazing things. Okay, let's see what we got on the board here. Besides a little disaster,
we got a couple of lines open and day. In fact, we already had somebody hang up, I think, right? Good.
Good. Man, I love to make them wait because so many years in this town, they've made me wait
like forever. And so I like to make them wait until health freezes over. And it feels like it could
this morning. 751 WIOD in day. There are two open lines there, believe it or not. And that Palm Beach
line, that famous line eight, of course, you know, at 655 WIOD. And it would be kind of interesting
if some of the other radio celebrities in town would put their money where their mouths are.
Since Fox came up with a thousand yesterday and I donated a thousand. And I'm not saying that
they got to give a thousand because that's asking a lot. I mean, you know, it's tax deductible and
it's for charity and a great cause. But even a hundred or two would be great. Of course.
Dear field beach. Good morning. No, you're a pisser. Let me ask you this. What does that mean, sir?
That means you're a trip. Yeah. What do you think about the 10 old
parts that hit the lottery? What about them? You think it would be a nice gesture on their
part if they donated some of their funds to the Kamelec. It would be wonderful if they would donate
like 1% of the 28 million. That would be 28,000 I think if my arithmetic is correct.
I believe so. But the problem is, they probably don't spend the money to have as it is.
Yeah. So it's a shame that you know, some somebody living and breathing, then no, they never win
the lottery. That's another reason it's a sucker bet. If you're living and breathing or if you live
in an area that's, you know, heavily populated, you're probably not going to win. It's always
somebody in O'Choppy or Delray Beach or some of the antryphal place like that. And, you know,
people who are going to just plant it in the ground are the ones who are winning it.
Well, I'm going to go ahead and issue a challenge to them that they're listening to go ahead and donate
some of that good cause. And maybe somebody else can follow up on this. Okay, sir. Excellent idea.
Don't hold your breath, but a nice, well, an idea. Thank you very much. 28 past 10 at WIOD.
And we have a call online one that is going to make you do a tap dance. Hello,
hello, and he hung up. He hung up. He it says Alan Dresner on one. Now,
why put him on ahead of everybody else? It was about 15 line and he hangs up the phone.
Not only does he spit on my Corvette, but he hangs up the phone. Now, what's it going to take?
To get right over this. To get me what did you over this? What do you mean to get me over him?
What does that mean? I wasn't in other words, he was heavily on my mind. Is I don't know? I don't know.
He came to the door like some long lost best friend. Exactly. Expecting there to be a wild party
on a Tuesday night at midnight for him. For him, if there wasn't one, expecting me to start one,
I guess. Welcome home. No, not welcome home. Go back where you came from. I'm sure in Gainesville,
man, they're having wild times. Now, if he called back, he didn't call back. I think he should
hang on. If he calls, I mean, he couldn't have been on there more than a couple of minutes,
right? Because I just saw his name. And I thought, well, let's put it on and get the real story
behind the story. And I go and I punch it up and he's gone. Wasted time. Got to be ashamed of
yourself, Alan. You need a serious lobotomy. We're going to send him on an all expenses pay trip
to San Diego. And you know, the frightening part is that when he came in the house and he stood
there, we were chatting for about five minutes. And he seemed a little more mature now. Yeah. And he
let his hair grow out a little bit. He wasn't a skinhead. And he, you know, looked a little bit
different. And I thought, well, maybe he's growing up a little bit. Okay. Because everybody else is
always ripping him, including you. And I, you know, I like to even the benefit of the duck.
Because I only say, I'm afraid. When are we going to ever get to the point where you don't
end the down? Well, I think we've reached that point. I think we hung up on this. He hung up on us.
Finally, Alan, you are becoming a definitive douchebag. And I've defended you for the last,
what is it you're going to have at least becoming at least becoming? In fact, do we ever have
anybody who calls who says anything positive about our Alan? And now he hangs up on us.
Well, maybe something important here. Okay, here's we we in Wilton, men are on line five. Hello.
Hi, sellers. Oh my God. This must be Pepe's brother from Pemberk Pine. How you doing today?
Okay. Yeah, I thought you had to dump my car last time. Remember I was cooking dinner for
Pepe in Pemberk Pine? I sure do. Yeah. Well, he didn't like the dinner. So he ended up dumping me.
I don't blame him. The sunny fox really have a core vet.
I didn't see it myself, but that's the popular rumor. Yeah, black. I think a black one.
Listen, we're going to send Alan over to your house. I think that would be perfectly punishment for
him. If anybody could punish him, you could do it. Well, if sunny fox is listening,
just tell him I got a case of gram my boobs up by the stable. And I'd like to go for a seatback
ready. We're going to. I'll bet you would. Okay, we have a wonderful life. 1031 at WOD.
And let's go. Now, what are you getting agitated? I'm not agitated. I tell you, we had a lot of
wonderful calls standing by. We have an open line in the day that 751 WIOD where Alan hung up a
little while ago and also in brown or at 524 WIOD. I can't believe that. Can you? I am just
almost speechless. No, I believe. Limer goose. It sounds like it's right on target to me.
Right on schedule here. Maybe it wasn't really him. Maybe it was the imposter. Boy,
huh? Are you ever going to learn? No, nobody that looks so that good. Anyway, mobile. Hello. Yes.
Yes. Like speaking, they'll please speaking, sir.
He'll refer to your retirement. I have a troll. I'm out of 95 now just at occasion to pass two
different high patrol trippers and two cars on the side of the road broken down. People in there
and the high patrol too busy running around doing radar and chasing people for speedy. That is
correct. That do assist people and that's the disgusting part of it all because that's part of
the service that is supposed to provide that our tech. Well, don't hold your breath, sir. Don't
hold your breath. Got that right. Yep. Thank you, sir. Okay, good luck to you, sir. Don't break down.
Okay. Okay. Be careful. Now they're out there harassing the public. That's but you know,
we pay their salaries. I said that for years. These pigs are out there harassing the hell out of us
and waiting hiding behind bushes playing all these clandestine games to desperately try to meet
their quotas, which they, you know, most of them lie about tonight that they got in the first place.
And then the meantime, like he says, if you break down out there, don't hold your breath waiting for
one of them to stop. I've seen women, you know, broken down on the road, like with a flat tire or
whatever. And you know, you're going along and you see, maybe you're in the left lane on the express
way and you see a trooper come along and you think, well, they're going to stop and help them, right?
No chance. I'm not saying it never happens, but not all that often. I'm thinking,
I'll open line and Broward 5249463 524WIOD. It's 1033 and really. Yeah, yeah. It took 20 seconds to pick you.
Get my regards to Neil Rogers telling me that I've never heard of some of your program in my life.
Now is yesterday the day or today? Yes, yesterday was the big day for Rabbi Sam on the leaf followers show.
Correct. Okay, that's why he's going into hiding. I guess we'll have to wait till next year.
Oh, now look at that. There he is right on the headlines on the TV thing. What does it say?
Something brings Lewis and Silver to wise guys. Is that Rabbi Sam?
Yeah, of course. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. A female voice.
Do you know about 20 foxes TV show? It doesn't have a, well, it's just a cymbal cast. It is radio show,
you mean? Yeah. Yeah, nobody watches it. What about it? It's dumb. It's dumb. Yeah, I like that.
What is your name? Alex. Alex. See, this is not a lady call. It's a young man. Sometimes young men
sound a little, you know, what I'm saying. Correct. I apologize for that, Alex. It's okay. But don't ever call us again.
1039 21 before 11 at WIOD. We got to leave that line open for Alan in case he gets to be. No,
seriously, in case he develops the courage, the guts to call us back and, you know, tell everybody,
he needs to deny or admit that he's spit on my car. Right? Because I don't want it. It could have
been a little bit of a metaphor, right? See, I could have taken like a specimen. I could have taken a
little, what do they call those glass things that they put or a culture, a culture, exactly. Well,
Alan's got a lot of culture. Yeah. I don't want to do a whole show on him, but I might,
because I was frosted, man. You know how cold it was last night? Yeah. That's what I would have
thought it would have almost frozen on. Yeah. Some of it had dried, but you know, when it dries on
there, it also like leaves a mark. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, of course. But there was some of it
that was still fresh. Well, I'm trying to say, after I tasted it, I knew it was Alan. There was no
question in my mind, the type of person that would spit on a vet, you know, on anybody's car. I
have to be out of his mind on any, but again, we can't prove conclusively that was in the only way
we can clear that up is for him to call in and let us find out one way or the other. I would be
very confused, child, very confused. Plantation. Hello. Wow. That's great. I mean, that's that's
that little beep. Made my morning. Little beep. Is there a little beep when we punch up the phone?
Yeah. That's great. Now, how come these dummies always say, um, I speak to Neil? I mean, when
they hear the beep, shouldn't that be an indication of something going on? Yes, it should be, but,
you know, some of your audiences just not all together with it. They could have fooled me.
Oh, really? Listen, I had a radio accident the other day.
I had a real radio accident. I got Wion Z on a Sunday. You're the guy, huh?
Yeah, yeah, I was the guy. I even marked down in my book. I got news for you, man. They're like,
a history. They're like an intensive care and one last gas left. History ain't the word.
But I wrote, I wrote one of the last vestiges of talk over there. Yeah, started ripping
I.O.D. Did he really? He really talked about that. He wants to play. It sounds like ripping,
ripping I.O.D. for one for the sports coverage and
now don't say don't get emotional. Come on. It's not that exciting. I mean, the Ira average show,
and I've never got that much emotion before. I know, but I was listening to my mouth hit the
steering wheel or Machin hit the steering wheel. He's hitting it for the sports coverage. He
was really ripping the heck out of Uncle Steve. Was he really? Yeah, and he didn't have
a very very nice thing to say about you either because it's shock radio. Oh, isn't that great? Now,
it's amazing when I was over there. How he's always, you know, peeing all over my leg. That's
amazing. But now that I'm here, yeah, see, I know the same could be said of me and Steve, but there
was a natural rivalry that goes back to when we were at WS News together when we didn't get along
well and that that was an ongoing thing. But I mean, talk about doing a quick turnaround. Here's
a guy who does a weekend show who now wants to become a, as you say, a player. Yeah, well, that's
it sounds like he's going well, we're really the official Super Bowl station in I.O.D. No, no, they're
not the official super. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. The only reason that he can say that is because
CBS has the Super Bowl. So because they're the affiliate, they're going to have the game. But WIOD
was designated as the official Super Bowl station. Okay. That's not what Ira said. Well, Ira can
stick it in his butt. Okay. Well, that's I had the same feeling. And not only that, Ira, Ira is,
you know, wishes he were in the business. Ira is so far out of the business that it's just a joke.
Okay. Yeah. Well, not only that, the, you know, all of this other crap is window dressing. The
bottom line is the trend came out yesterday. This station has a four six. They got a two eight
or something like that. Those are pretty close to whatever the numbers are. And their demographics
are ancient. Okay. Well, you know what they're trying to do. I mean, they, they, they,
not only that in the morning drive, they took a dive. They went from a four six to a three. And
Raniri's got a six one. He's got more than double their audience. And most of his people are still alive.
What do you expect from people who want to just do the news? Yeah. Well, listen, hey, listen,
the format died about four years ago. All news in this market. And they're trying to resurrect it,
which just ain't going to work. I mean, even Jesus himself couldn't, you know, come back to life
at that place. And, and on the FM, you know, they again continue all well. We've made the right
thing. We turned a quarter and we had that kneel on and his audience did listen to the rest of the
station. Well, we're gone now, man. And the last trend shows nobody's listening to the rest of the
station anyway, with or without us. Okay. So at least they had a morning show and they had some great
demographics. And we were number one in a lot of categories. Now they're going to be number,
they're going to be consistent all day long. Man, we're going to have that classic crock.
Was it your fault that nobody wanted to listen to the rest of the day? In their minds. Yeah. That's
I know that comes as a shock to you, sir. And there warped minds. Yeah. That does come as a
shock. We could have only been more positive. If we could only said, Hey, we're going to wave a
magic wand. And of course you people are listening to stuff that you don't like and that nobody wants
to hear anymore. You know, I remember when you when you were the leading sister span, I mean,
span had very good numbers in the after. I don't want to hear Bob Dylan. Okay. On other words,
I don't want to relive the 60s. I don't want to hear Bob Dylan. If I want to relive the 60s,
I just assumed listening to a lot of the stuff they're playing on magic, which is doing very
well, by the way, and hear Motown and a lot of the stuff that I enjoyed in the Beach Boys. I don't
want to hear Bob Dylan. And I don't want to hear Sweet Lady Goura's 50 times. I mean, I like the
record, but I don't want to hear 50 times in the same week. Yeah. How about the doors and the door?
And I liked the doors, man. I got every record that that, you know, when Jim Morrison was alive,
I got every doors record that they ever made. But again, they play them so much that you get to
the point where you get said they just burn you out. Yeah. Well, I haven't turned on Zeta or I
didn't see you in a long day except for last Sunday. I was sorry I did.
One of the questions. Yeah, but we wouldn't have had this exciting conversation about it.
That's absolutely true. Well, I hope you've learned something, sir.
I have. I'm not going to push that middle button anymore.
There you go. Did Uncle Stam have his kid yet?
Yes, it was a baby boy. It's healthy and wonderful. And thank God it looks like a glory, I think.
Oh, good. Good. That's great. Okay.
Okay, have a good one. You too. Bye-bye. 10.45 at WIOD. There's one of our IOD spies.
We have an open line in Broward where we just hung up if you move very fast at 524 WIOD.
Now it's ringing already. We got the bulk of line. How about that one?
I can auction here 278 WIOD. You heard me. You heard what I said. I couldn't believe it.
Can you imagine that douchebag Ira Everett? Now he's going to be, he's going to play the game.
You know, and he's going to start ripping and all of this. You know, Ira gets serious.
You're a nice guy, but you're a talk host like I'm a brain surgeon. Okay. These weekenders.
I know. They just delusions of fantasy. Next thing you know, Ernie Sochens is going to be doing that kind of stuff.
That go crazy. What's Ernie got this week anyway? Isn't this week the one, the biggie?
The biggie? He's got, I think, Heinrich Himmler and Eva Brown in stereo.
Oh, Tubby Boots. Thank you, Roger. He's got Tubby Boots. Yeah. Yeah.
You know, and you know what Tubby Boots always says? What go through round to come through round?
That Tubby. I know.
A temper of pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Hi.
Do you remember when you were growing up in Rochester, a program called Honey Bee?
Honey Bee. Yeah. And the busy bee.
The busy bee was on WBBS. Right. I could think of that.
Joe Dean. Nick Nixon. Well, do you know who Honey Bee was?
That's why I could. Could have been Alan Drenner. That was what I thought.
Are you serious? I just finished reading.
She's not feeling too well today, by the way. Oh, Jessica.
Is that? I know. That's why she's not feeling too well.
I was reading this wonderful book and I thought I must call Neil and recommend it because.
If I Jessica said that she would have rather had Ted Kennedy drive her home,
so that shows you how desperate she was. Well, it's called Almost Golden.
The whole story of her life, including the years that she was going to Isocatholic,
and she used to go up to Rochester and work on this radio station.
That was a BBS. Isn't that marvelous?
But you know, there's a guy who's over. I think he's still over Channel 33 because I did
hurricane a baseball on 33 a couple of years ago. And his name is Jerry.
Is it Jerry? No, I can't think of his last name. He's the general manager at Channel 33.
And he used to be up in Rochester. He was on Channel 13 and I think he was on BBS.
Jerry, um, car, is that it? I'm looking in the back of the book under the index to see if
there's a name. Yeah. A last name or anyway, you would enjoy this book so much.
Great. Because it tells a story of the early days of television.
When radio was, you know, it was blending from radio into television.
Yeah. And the fantastic stories that go on in these radio and television stations,
which of course you know about. But I really would like to recommend this book to you.
It's called Almost Golden. Okay. And it's by somebody named Gwenda Blair.
Blenda, oh yeah. And the reason I called is when I read that you were a young man probably listening
to radio in Rochester. I certainly was. WRVM, which is not a year anymore. WRNY, which was the same
station. Right. WBBF, WHAM, W H E C, Eddie Meath from Canada,
and Dave Winni York who's been dead for many years, by the way. Yeah. Well, don't you remember
just your own name, honeydew? Morton Usbaum, Nick Nixon, Joe Dean. No, I don't. I already told you that.
Yeah. Well, Joe Dean is mentioned very orphanage. Well, that's great. I'm sure that the bird is
excited about that. Okay. I'll check it out. See if I can't get a copy. It's in the public library
at the Broward Community College. Okay. Well, listen, I got a lot of friends at BCC and I'm sure
that the maybe Allen will go by and get me a copy. And I'm back to get back today. By the way,
if Alan Dresner comes to your door with a bunch of friends, tell him, forget it. You'll never find me.
Okay. Have a good one. Bye. Either. I'm so grateful for that. I'm going to I'm going to embarrass him
into calling back because I can't believe that he would. I'm sure it must have been him on the line
because I knew he was going to call today and other. He's back from Gainesville. And he hung up. I
can't. I still can't get over that. And you heard what Neil said, I should have invited him in
the last night. It's 11. Introducing Butch Beer, the first beer brewed for women by women.
When you grab a butch beer, you're taking hold of the Philly Jean King of Beer.
Fire brewed from the washing water. So French leg Indiana, with butch beer, you've got a beer that
goes down easy. Taste it. You'll know why it's our personal best. Go grab a butch beer and get it
in it. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it.
Go grab a butch beer and get it in it.
Butch beer, let everyone know you're more than just a woman. You're a gal who can take it like a man.
Snatch the 12 pack off the show today and crack open a butch just ask any woman.
On the hall, it's as good as any liquor.
Go grab a butch beer and get it in it. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it.
Go grab a butch and get it in it.
Butch beer, strong enough for a man, but who needs one?
Go for the gusto and a strapping belt of butch beer. Sure costs a lot, but don't
dig her on the price. Butch beer, come and find the butch flavor.
Lickety split. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it. Go grab a butch beer and get every
pre-mage. Go grab a butch beer and get it in it. Go grab a butch and get it in it.
Butch beer, brewed by Anne Howes or Bush, French-Lick Indiana, a division of Taiwan on
industries, Eva Falls, Pennsylvania. The next time you're eating out, order a butch.
1117 at WIOD. Is this the MS here on two? It's as Alan's friend, Mike. Hello.
That was Mike, all right. I wish it was a big green one, big guy, a big snidey-lucky.
I'll bet you. I'll bet you. Thanks a lot, Alan. Bye.
Okay, we have an open line indeed at 751-9463. That's 751-WIOD. That was not Alan's friend, Mike.
Now that was Mike's friend, Alan. West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing? How are you? Great. I called you the other day about my wife.
Listening to that rap crap. Oh, now this is like the third call on this man. Talk about getting
chronic. No, I that's not the reason. Chronic or chronic alert. I know, I know, I know. That's not
the reason I was calling. And when you call the second time, you said the same thing. I called
you the other day about my wife listening to that rap crap. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I said.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wonder if you could do me one favor. No, not a chance. We have an open line
in Palm Beach. 655-WIOD with some of you chronic. Give it a rest for crying out loud. We're trying to
keep these lines open so Alan can call it. Northman.
Yeah, it was another payday. I was tired of being a Mr. Goodbye. So when I saw Ms. Hershey
stand on the powerhouse on the corner of Clark and just having it, I whipped out my water and whispered,
Hey sweet tart, how do you like to crunch on my big hunk for a million dollar bar?
She immediately went down on my 50 row and you know, it was like pure, all-enjoyed.
I couldn't help but grab her delicious mouth because it was easy to see that this little
twig had the red hot. It was all I could do to hold back a snicker and crackle. It's my butter finger
when effort. A tight little kick-cat and she started to scream, oh Henry, oh Henry.
Soon she was filing my Peter Fallen Zagnaz and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my milk
duds clear to Mars and gave her a taste of the old Milky Way. She asked if I'm to M&M. I said,
Hey chick, no cakey stuff. I said, look, you little Reese Bees. Don't be a Z-Roll. Be a lifesaver.
Why don't you just take my watch and my collar and flip it up your bitter honey?
Ooh, what a piece that juicy fruit she was too. She screamed, oh cracker jacks, y'all better
than a three musketeers. As I ran my ding dong up her rocky road and into her peanut butter cup,
well I was given it to her good and plenty when all of a sudden my starbursts.
Yes, luck would have it and she started to grow a bit chunky and complain of a wriggly interstemic.
Sure enough, nine months later.
Out popped a baby roof.
What are you after 11 at WIOD? Now look at that, they're lying three. There was somebody on
there but they disappeared again because we knew that was ending and we were coming back and
they wanted to make way for you know who. 751 WIOD, man, we're just really desperately probing
the outer limits today to see if we can't get that because I'm sure there's a good explanation for
it. Must have been a kid Mike that spit all over my bed. Miramar, hello.
Oh, hi Neil. How are you doing? Well, I'm doing good. You guys getting a little spatter or
something? Why would he spit on your car? No, because I didn't throw a party for them. Don't
know. I didn't think that they were upset but again, you got to understand 29 past 11 at WIOD. Like
I told you, man, they're all going to get clipped today every single one of them. This has been
quite a day here. Yeah, sure has been. We have an open line and no, we don't. Look at that. They're
both. I'm going to punch up that three again just in case. Hello. Neil. Yeah. You know that woman
I called in before? Yeah. May her enemies get cramped in their legs as they dance on her grave.
Okay, sir. It made the good news be yours. That was good. I like that. That was excellent.
Short right to the point. Quite a good. I don't get the message. I don't want to talk to her.
Okay. And here she goes. Oh, no, I don't dislike you or your show. I know. No, I do. But I don't
blame anybody for spitting on your car because yeah, aren't you nice, lady? Do you
talk about the fact we don't have a lot of women at call? The fact is, I'm not so sure I want to
hear from them anywhere. Well, because I always used to be some time ago. I felt that when you heard
a female voice, it was like a little safer, you know, you could kind of like let your guard down.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Not anymore. Remember that one morning that we had like two almost
in a row? Those two famous ones? Yeah. Almost back to back. I mean, you talk about potty mouth.
And then of course there's always Susan Martin. At least she doesn't call. No. But boy,
if you could see some of the expletives in those letters. Oh my god. But of course, you know,
each one is a good indication of Susan's IQ. So you keep writing Steve all those lonely hearts
letters. Susan, I'm sure that he'll really, she's not giving it to me. Oh, that's true. Well,
she may be on the pot. It's only what she's on the pot. That she's listening. Mobile and Broward.
Hello. Hey, you know what's happening? Oh, it's I don't know what's happening. If you find the
answer, sir, you let us know. I'm looking it up now. This is the source or something. I don't know.
Oh, you got Don Webs the SARS today? Good. Yeah. I'm looking up for, you know, trying to find out
what Steve Kane shows going to be about today. I heard he's going to have like one legied lesbian
nuns on or something like that. Yeah, that's in the second hour. Second hour. Okay. You know,
it's getting real, real terminal with those rabbis and the. Well, he wants more. He's got open
phones today. So he wants more open phones, but spike, you know, that's spike. We got to do something
with him. What's with the spike guy? I mean, what's his problem with that? That's a good question.
We're trying to figure that out. Wow. He's just one of these overmanipulative PD type guys who
just feels he's got a stick his finger in the broth. You know, and I hope he burns it. No,
I hate you. Good guy. He's just over involved. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Leave Steve alone. I can't figure out what with this bimbo with the, you know, people should
spit on your car. What's the problem? Is there any way you guys can trace those calls?
No, we can trace the spit though. We can trace the spit. Well, you know, I see, I don't like
the threat to do that because then it's it sounds kind of juvenile, but the thing of it is when you get
when you've been cranked enough and it's obvious that basically it's the same, you know, two,
three, four morons, Southern bell security puts a thing on it and it, you know, there's no way
for them to know it. And then at that point they got some real problems. We've already done that
in the past and it creates some serious problem. In fact, one of the guys that we got two years ago
in I&Z member KB. Yeah. Oh, you know, I'm talking about the chip off the old, you know what? And
he called again a couple of days ago. I know it was him. And they really nailed him to the wall.
You know, in fact, he's been cranking all kinds of people, but some of these people are just
compulsive. Yeah. The question is, what would young Neil have said to this lady? Oh, you're not
trying to give me a answer. I would never, I mean, Neil, I would never do that, but I'm just
really curious, you know, what would young Neil say to that? I know. What's up? Great call.
Great call. Best of the day. So far. Have a great day, pal.
1132, a W.I. Tony who knows Alan. It's uh-huh. Well, I like this representative of his friends
today. I think it's very, very good. Oh, God. See, I'm sorry that I've ever even started with Alan,
you know, I can never really, I can't believe you. Oh, that you ever told a story. Yeah.
Oh, because that's what started. If I would have just not told a story, I wouldn't have been
joking around like this, but I thought, and then when I saw his name on the thing, you know,
but it wasn't him. These are just more of his Cooper City mouth contents, more of that crowd,
you know. Anyway, uh, speaking of the Todd, didn't that
