94.9 Zeta 4 South Florida's classic rock the Neil Roger show is next 620 3600 in
Dade 777 9 3600 in Broward
The King of Talk Radio is here ladies and gentlemen it's time for the Neil
Roger show. Good morning. What a gruesome sounding tone that was wasn't it?
It sounds like he's got a cold. That was gruesome. I'm the one that's got the cold by the way
I'm just sitting here to run the board today okay. That's all I'm gonna do.
Well then you ought to be in the air. Something I did the same thing. No I didn't do that.
You know I just discovered I didn't do it. This machine is screwed up. Oh no.
Now because I press the play button I know that I'm not that stupid okay I'm not that much under
the weather. I did the same thing two days in a row. Now you mean equipment that we're using
screwed up. Yeah it's now you know our friend Mal function. Yeah good old Mal. I saw Mal function
at the junction the other day. It was incredible. It's 5.52 on Zeta 4.
And now from beautiful downtown Carroll City the home of the centrius sidewalk cafe
and the Zeta 4. It's the Neil Roger show. Niels gets today our Glenn the bird hill
Captain Dave Caprito the mighty Rogers arts players. Dennis Rose Folger and you the South Florida
telephone audience. Today's special guests will be Stan Major and Joey I'm too old for this
Reynolds. Today's show is brought to you by the National Bag Boy Foundation where keeping your
supermarket beautiful is our number one concern and by the chub group of serious molesters.
So pick up your phones and hold on to your bagels because you don't want to miss this one.
Neil I understand the chub group are going to be on Oprah today by the way.
If I'm going to tell you if she doesn't look like LC the Borden cow then nobody does okay I mean
seriously she has gotten so gruesome if they would put a ring around her nose I'm telling you
they would put her in the circus or something she is incredible and she made $27 million last year.
And what does that tell you about this country? You think it's enough? Probably not. Why
doesn't she just get the hell off of there already it is yesterday she had she had street people
and hustlers and teenage prostitutes and every day she's got another one of these wacko these
perverse bizarre depressing morbid and the country just loves it man. And what does that tell you
about America's housewives because they're the ones that basically watch it. Eat it up.
They love hand. Now ordinarily I don't watch but I was trying to listen to a show on AM and I got
news for you I just I had to shut it off I couldn't I couldn't handle the pain because I really felt
sorry for my good friend. I love those people at Call Stand and say well you know Neil
knocks you to stand who got no concept of the fact that we're best of friends I was the best man
and made of honor both at his at his secret wedding when they alope the last Thursday night and
they're just some of these they're you know there's a real interesting psychological thing into some
of those guys it's like Jerry witchner's gun stand represents the same things to some of those
guys that the gun represents to witchner in his crowd. He does it's a macho thing man oh Stanley Stanley
you know like and of course that he's gotten married that's kind of like sealed the whole thing for
them. Yeah because now they know that he's doing it. I mean he was doing it before but that's
beside the point but now they know and that just relieves the hell of it. Now there all those people
are listening to this show but a lot of them would never admit it. Oh no they couldn't handle that
because it would be a blow if you point that expression to their friends. It's 555 on Zeta 4 on a
Wednesday morning and no yesterday I really am beginning to have doubts up until yesterday I thought
we were really knocking him dead everything was great but yesterday in the first hour and a half
of the show it was almost like on his show. Now I noticed he came back yesterday from four days away
and really was not even up to believe that the phones are going to be just solid and people are
going to be just falling all over each other to call and say welcome back and congratulations
that hope you had a wonderful time. He still doesn't understand where he is. It's not the nature
of this town. This is just basically your unfriendly town. Cold like this morning in the car the
thermostat thermostat for outside said 41 degrees. Really? Thermometer whatever the hell it is I
don't know I get those things confused. The monitor. And where they go? 41 degrees. Outside your
and I'm you know yes I did wear a jacket mommy okay I wore a jacket this morning so don't panic
and I do have this cold but I don't feel that bad and I didn't think I was going to be able to
talk but it doesn't sound that bad to me. Yeah I said all stuffed up but I feel you got it too?
No I feel great. I think the one that's been spreading it around is the one who isn't in the room
at the moment you know he now who would that be? I don't know the one that's kind of like floating
around a building somewhere. Anyway it's 556. I'm say to four what I started to say is the first
hour and a half I really wonder if maybe we should come in about 730 and go to 11 because I just
am not so sure that in the early hours manners anybody out there now the book shows yeah like
there's 22,000 or something people listening in this hour average quarter hour I don't believe it.
I just don't believe it. I don't think and all this Poloni well they're all in the car and they're
all getting ready to do this you know that's that's the lame excuse I don't believe it.
Well I don't know where those people came from. No first hour and a half. I've never heard from
such because remember the day we were giving away something good what did I give away a CD?
Yeah it was a good one too. La Bomba you think? No no it was another one. It was a real good one.
Before. Oh it was a spring steam wasn't it? Yeah it was the new spring steam album that I got by
mistake from my CD Columbia CD Club and we gave it away and we had difficulty filling the lines
to give that away at 6 o'clock in the morning so I have a feeling that this first hour and a half
man's like it's like dress rehearsal. Yeah remember when you used to give things away on the show
you used to always do it early. Yeah get it over with that. Yeah get it over with. That'll get
them to the phone sometime. That cover of that TV guy. Yeah we're going to talk about that and save
it for when people are listening but I have a new TV guide and a show that's going off the
ear no less makes the front cover. God. And these guys looked like they just crawled out from a sewer
somewhere. Maybe they should have been they should have been in Les Miserables. They crawled out from
the sewers of Paris or something like that. Certainly not from beautiful Miami under a palm tree
and here's these a grotesque especially Philip Michael Thomas and Don what's his name? Yeah with
that scruffy you know that that leads me to ask a question that nobody will respond to okay.
But you see guys walking around since Miami Vice was popular which it hasn't been in a long time
but when it was a bunch of young guys walk around with that Richard Nixon growth on their face you know
Al-Ala Don Johnson thinking that it's cool to look like a slob like they haven't like Rob Lo is doing
in that new movie of his. Oh yeah. Now for him to be doing that is sinful okay. Yeah that's criminal.
Oh guess. I can understand if you look like hell to begin with you know cover it all up okay
grow just like a hairball all over your head. Guess what? I'm sorry when you said Rob Lo had just
flashed in my mind. Who I had? Rob Lo flashed. I had dinner last night. I'll pay to watch then. At
Joe's Stone Crab. Did you really? I was out on the beach. Oh yeah. I bet it was lively huh? It looks
well in this you know around Joe's it is lively and it does look better down there on South
Beach they fixed it up a little bit. Isn't it changed a lot since we worked on this? Yes it has I
saw our old things. It's changed a lot since I worked on there which was in 76 and 7 at the cat
and it's changed for the worst. I ran into someone that worked with you at the camera. You realized
that the famous was still open then and the meals on Alton Road which was a good place and it was
fun there were things happening. Well they painted it and fixed it up. No yeah and there's no trash
on the shelf. All the illegal aliens looked much better with that painted background and now you can
identify them a lot easier. Oh Cap Dave you know the remember the police eating already look at that
is mouth is full. The police department the police department is now an empty parking lot. I've been
down there several times and they keep the car handle it. Mark Cune become no seriously the Mayor
of Miami Beach he could turn it into a gigantic parking lot in about two months. Anyway Matt Dylan
was there. Big deal. I knew you know what that reminds me of reminds me of that picture I got in
the guy called yesterday by the way at six o'clock WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale and the Palm
beaches and here's this what what is it. No seriously what is it that our listeners are thinking about
okay. It sends me a picture of Jim Jim Palmer's jockey advertisement and in some magazine okay first
of all Jim Palmer's about as exciting as a frogs. Yeah I almost said yeah frogs. Pupac thank you
so much. I almost said something else to begin with an F and in it in a T but I guess we
shouldn't say that but I mean that's something you find in a magazine all you know all the time
and there are billboards of this and a guy is ugly and he's a pain in the ass and I'm sorry I think
most people in America are tired of seeing Jim Palmer prance around in his jockey shorts okay. He's
not I'm not in the least bit interested I don't think I don't think women are interested I don't think
wait what what did he write. Hey Neil simply smooth and it's got it's got an arrow toward his
private parts. You talk about desperate it's like the guys out there obsessed with river Phoenix
okay it's the same thing. If you're gonna if you're gonna fantasize about something and you're
gonna get a vicarious thrill from the way somebody else looks at least pick somebody good.
Why would anybody pull that ad out of a magazine and send me Jim Palmer in his underwear man I
in fact the more clothes he puts on a happier it makes me. Okay let's give those numbers out
because we do have a couple of brow lines let date county of course is a schluff in this morning
and that's the way it generally goes and if there's anybody out there wants to explain to me why it is
that young guys have done the Don Johnson thing on their face I'd love to hear that because this
in fact if there are people out there who are sick and tired of Miami Vice who have just had
enough to their ears realize that it has virtually no relationship to what's going on here other than
the drugs of course but other than that the show has got no relationship to what's going on here so
I am told I have never watched it which I know shocked somebody I have but I have no desire to watch
it I've tried a couple of times and after like five minutes I just click the channel I can't get
into it. You don't like that oblique type of storyline. No I don't just can't handle it all just
doesn't go anywhere. I like it to go somewhere. It has been on the show. Well that's very good.
Isn't that incredible? That expressionist expressionistic type of scenery. Oh yeah.
You know everything looks like a Palm Springs California kind of like he played a central.
He played a terrorist on the show. Go out good he sure looks apart to me. Okay let's give the
numbers out and we'll give them about two minutes to get the lines all lit up and then we'll go
music intensive because like I said I'm beginning to have my doubts about what's going on in this town
okay. Well could be that our kind of talk is a pass A already because these people are sure it's
very possible. Very possible. I'm serious. I'm not joking. All those young pinheads have kind of
disappeared. You know it's getting too many women calling too many. No seriously I'm glad to have
the ladies call in spite of what that one woman said last week but too many. Is that possible?
Huh? That too many. Exactly. Too many. I'm also too many old people like you know 31 32.
Today. 60603 on Zeta 4 here the numbers and this is your chance speak now forever hold your own
in Dade County 620 3600 that 620 3600 and itbroward 7779 3600 and you better get with it this morning or
this show is going to be history. Call now or else we don't want to threaten the audience doing.
Call now. See that one. There's like three lines there to go four five. Look at this. That's
probably nobody on rose went out of his way to help us out this morning says if Neil is sick
and he gave us the list of songs we could play to what a guy on other words if I wasn't here he's
picking the music well it doesn't say if you weren't here just as if Neil is sick oh I see well I'm sick
look at that we can't even get the third day line lit how do you like that well why should today
yeah oh there it goes well they're a little slow this one I'm telling you this early hour in the
morning there's nobody awake at this hour just it's punishment for us that's all it's not the only
show in America that ends at 10 after 10 in the morning all right nothing I'm bitter already
if you believe that you'll believe anything no that's why I showed up here this morning I would not allow
them the management type people to say oh gee that rogers is out sick again man he's been out so much
I just won't do that I'm going to be here if they have to bring me in on my deathbed
if they have to wheel me in on a roll away I heard coming in listening to Arlene said that what's
she said what's his name's going to be in town tomorrow who's going to be in town tomorrow in
Maine oh is he really Gilbert who cares about that is the audience she said that on the year yeah
and the audience cares about that what what what kind of a show are they running over the
one at station what is he going to be here for the funeral of the AM
wearing a black arm band for wins okay at 605 do a quick weather we got a very busy day to day
trust me we do trust me sunny and cool with highs around 66 this afternoon and low tonight 49
I didn't even see this in the first break I'm just losing oh god well currently officially it's 44
degrees all right now what did you break yesterday my bones coffee cup and what do you think I
got to talk about now that's very depressing because that was one of our favorite things yeah
although I will say that the food at bones is a little bit better than the coffee cups coffee cups
are great because they have that home spun molasses kind of look don't they the dark brown molasses
kind of cornpone whatever the hell it is when the folks at bones family restaurant showed up here at
nine o'clock in the morning you should have seen the vultures at Zeta attack those delicious
barbecue ribs beef and pork beans and coleslaw it says here at Zeta but of course there were a lot
of wins vultures who were also over there anyway bones can really cook the meanest barbecue in town
they've been doing it for over 58 years with the same family recipes and care going at every dish
and although barbecue is the bones trademark they also have delicious seafood sandwiches chicken
country dinners and all the fixings too and be sure to save room for dessert they make all their
desserts buns corn fritters and creamy coleslaw right there on the premises so you check out bones
real soon it is absolutely out of this world stop by for lunch or dinner at 3500 North federal
highway in Boca that's a mile and a half north of glades road and tonight and every Wednesday night
is fish fronight all white fish fillets better dip and served with french fries coleslaw and homemade
tartar sauce all you can eat fish just 695 tonight and every Wednesday night at bones in Boca
the Neil Roger show on Zeta 4 608 on a Wednesday morning and other we hear that voice we've got good
news for you and that is Lee Gillette who's been away for a while Lee will be back on Monday Monday
afternoon on Zeta and we're very excited about that because he's a super guy and a great talent
and we need him here desperately trust me so we're very pleased with that everybody who's a
lead Gillette fan I'll be looking for a Monday okay okay we're gonna go to the phones now aren't
you excited look at those lines there in Bizzle and Hollywood hello yeah how you doing now okay how
you doing well I believe that we've learned since 3 o'clock in the morning for you but yeah sure
you have okay tell tell the audience another fib sir that is not a fib yeah I know that's what
Richard Nixon said too I'm not a crook no 23 years old that's what Jimmy Carter said I'm not a
moron that's what Ronald Reagan said I'm not a senile old fart you know sir they don't like to
be called broad yeah that's it that's a very you mean wait a minute sir sir let me say this to
you Kimba is not a broad okay she's a very nice very nice he's got a nice but like you know hold
him for three hours while I guess that depends on what what was what was being held I guess is what
counts with that's one of the answer yeah I brought this new toy yesterday did you really what you
do by one of those adult stores yeah okay I want to put on do we have nothing is that thing running
in captain day sure is we got our take up real today that's good all right now this isn't
something dirty is it okay well you never know with you guys okay go ahead sir it's only a four
hour show now that's great I like that's okay why don't you
there's another one that's good I like the level on these two don't you
yeah that was great man that's fantastic but I don't should I say anything that moves you you know
just put it all together and I'm really moving right now I believe it yeah okay hold on a second
all right now wait a minute wait a minute hold on for what because I can put in something else
no no one once you put it all together are you putting this on a cassette no it's sampling
keyboard oh it's on a computer you say okay this is the last one now it's gotta be these other
people are waiting here they're gonna have how do you know that for sure you know that I'm
I'm a young guy that uh dream I'm I'm I'm gonna uh I don't want to hear I don't want to hear
about your organs sir I thought it was a keyboard you know I don't know okay I mean two more
things I want just two oh these guys two real quick now come on move it okay two more with it
six twelve well that was good yeah that was dynamite in closing yeah guys your hope so boy
yeah that was good okay listen have a great day and good luck to you boy that was Hollywood
12 minutes past six on say to four there's an open-line and Broward please fill it up real fast
so he doesn't give back on that was astonishing technology has gotten so far in this world that
it sounded like he was sitting there saying Neil is the best talk Joe it was uh never
like that can do that I'm blown away by that to be honest Joe Joe and Tamara Kello
I'm mad at guys that I'm a terminal I know is he good or what oh boy well he was a great
call anyway um how are you Neil I'll tell you how bad the show was yesterday he was better than 95
percent of yesterday's call so what does that tell you I couldn't believe it I don't know what
was going on in this town boy but so they must have had a wild Monday anyway why did I call
the top you so I don't know if anybody else that's always I'm up with this hour good
it's interesting yeah that's a good start now what did you want to talk to us about that would
be the second question all right the one thing basically I was listening yesterday let me go
the day before and there's some dead air on your station when you're on that's not unusual yeah well
the thing is I heard what was on before the delay I don't know if that usually happens or not
like I can hear the guy say hello Neil and then there was dead air and a four and a half seconds
later hurt him on the radio you know what I mean no no is it something that I bleeped no no no
there was nothing bad right here I heard the guy say I hear the bad war but the way one on
I'm just saying if there was any dead air and someone said something bad if I would have gone on
great but usually it's filled in but if you know I got a full pet dead air because you can hear
the delay before thought well maybe the delay went out for a minute or something that's possible
yeah okay because I think I heard it one of the time before but it was no big deal I just heard
it said he's the guy that said hi Neil and then I heard then I heard it on the radio but it was
like a sudden that kind of thing really here I had one time I had a full way it says maybe the
one reason I caught it yeah well we have these little technical the fugitives every now and then
you know yeah just every once in a while but we got it all put together with rubber bands in the
crazy glue it's okay one of the things can you not connect a request oh my god no no no no
one request is to say something to some guy this guy Sean I know doesn't want to listen to your
show if you come with douche bag Sean who is obviously a subhuman douche bag better get with it
because everybody in this townlisten to the show if they got Nike over two so what does that
tell you about Sean right I mean when you when you old points you really hit rock bottom Sean
they fly you I appreciate it okay good luck to you now okay federal law prohibits us from the
transmission of personal messages on the air by the way it's 6.50 out of 4 and you see what
do they do when they make requests like that show on waxy on a weekend where they do they do
that every night I love her is only or some crap like that every night and oh I'm so in love with
Rob and I want to say Rob I love every part of your body you know exactly they put all that crap
on there and you know audience is listening for music they don't give it them if she loves Rob's
nose or whatever it is she loves although I guess if she wanted to get graphic they could probably
get about an 80 share yeah anyway moving right along where we going six and four-letter boys you
got those numbers today or what hello yes sir I don't care what you guys think you guys have
a lot of listeners out here yeah this early in the morning you think I don't want some people
up to be to work pretty early like me too early in the morning I'd like you up about 730 maybe
and coming in about 830 and working till about 10 or 10 30 that would be good slave labor right
yeah this is too much no I don't I don't care I'm I've listened to your show ever since you start on
this FM and I always look really well that's great boy you're that's loyalty yep and I'm only 23
years old too and I'm a pinhead great well we're looking we're looking for young pinheads today
you know we've had too many old farts in the middle-aged misfits we need more young pinheads you got
it okay have a great day see you later see that's our kind of call right there he was the
definitive call now who is this maniac who's driving all over the parking lot with his lights off
did you see that no I didn't got some idiot in here who's like zipping all over the park you won't
see him there okay you might as well save the energy he just he went he went that away but whoever
now was he came whipping in here with his lights off and then he parked in front and then he backed
out and whipped around on the side and he's all over the place I have no idea what do you think
look how time locks to me we're just now did you miss it too nice he's not out there he's on the side
you guys keep looking like in there I'd hate to I'd hate to see you guys like on LA law or something
one of those in anybody like that's not a cop show what is it a lawyer's a cop I know
I don't want to watch a lawyer show I thought it was a cop lawyers in love by Jackson Brown that's
what it is I'm out of interest in not landings on the mariner okay well good luck to you okay we're
missing out on what it's like a really beautiful sunrise right now you know I came out of a sick
bed to come yeah it's more you do realize it what is your feeling about the show today what do you
want to show yeah it's a lot better already than yesterday that's true yesterday probably was the
worst show I've ever had anything to do with it 29 years have been in radio except that other day
what is he doing now did you crack yourself up captain day I'm splurred and he just splurred
and orange all over the board and there's getting like the tea lady yeah he splurred and orange juice
into the board you having a good time can look at that there's a little picture of a need of
Brian growing out of the board now I can't believe it whatever happened to a need anyway is he
still squeezing fruit he knows 16 18 what's that remember that story about about two years ago she
found dancing in a disco with some gay guy what green 16 18 on Zeta 4 and let's move around thank you
so thank you very much dynamite six is the one that's flashing but we'll surprise them hello
are you surprised I'm calling for boat oh you're calling for bokeh that's why I put punch
you right up you're on right now here oh thank you isn't that nice of me because I know I heard
captain dead I knew you were calling on you I'm a stewardess I would you like to be locked up with
these callers for five hours going to South America oh El Paso I listen to you every morning great
yeah and I love your show and I just get a kick out of it and when I hear some of these callers
I just had to call you and tell you well that's nice it how would you like to be locked up with them for
five and a half hours going to South America and there's nowhere to go to get out of their way yeah I
would jump personally like they get with a sampling see thank you for talking with me okay have
a nice one now bye bye bye how nice a stewie as they would say on one show in town a stewie at 619
on zeta 4 we have an open line in Broward at 777 936 hour we're not going to rip standing just got
married he's got a new family and he's on top of the world and it's only too bad that his audience
lets him down day after day it's a bitter disappointment it's a bitter pill to swallow that his
audience is such a bunch of unfeeling uncaring mung brains you know taking care of your long
these days sure seems complicated big trucks fancy service contracts dangerous chemicals you know
all seem so unnecessary especially now when you can call on something as easy and natural as
Kim dog each week the Kim dog will personally inspect your lawns for weeds and crab grass he'll spray
liquid formula number one and for those patches were grass just don't seem to grow your Kim dog will
apply a special layer of formula number two what you step that's all natural fertilizer
so if your lawns looking kind of shaggy unleash the Kim dog we may not be the best but we sure got
a leg up on the competition not on my she and on
oh
20 after six on zeta four and we'll come back that fit together with what you said before by the way
it all worked all went together all piece together uh-huh look back right after this
zeta four starts and I guess I'll see you this Sunday at Metro Zoo but I really like your shirt but
did you get a free bowl of soup with that or what no I paid for Richard I pay for everything it's
24 past six now what is this one is mama what does that mean what does that mean captain Dave hello
and comic mama oh and traimic mama I knew it wasn't my mama right and
comic mama she would never call his show embarrassed me what's that hello you poop at you
plus good y'all to your do you say yeah I just want to say hello you got it out of your
says not poop pack poop it yeah well of course anybody from ham tramic wouldn't know the poop
pronounce it out that's correct okay okay I just wanted to say hello well I was very nice of you okay I'll
see in Poland okay you better believe it boy boy I'm it's uh I'll see in Warsaw New York which is an
upstate New York by the way I just thought I'd mention it this morning because I knew that would
get a rise out of you I'm so glad you did 20 this thing that they've got me writing the messages on
this board with yeah it takes forever to erase it so bear with me there's no problem at all I'll
just punch him up and you just you know pretend you're doing something useful 25 past six
on zeta for its an ea Roger show on a Wednesday morning kneels under the weather and couldn't
be with us this morning is auto now isn't that great he puts like two and day now that's helpful isn't it
that's really very specific I like that line two and day in a meal yeah yeah I just wanted to
ask you a question how can I get young people like myself to listen to your program I mean I've
been over backwards try to get on all my friends listen to your program but it's no go what do you
mean how can you get young people listen to the show who do you think listens to this show oh but I
mean they don't really call into the show oh I see how can they get into calling yeah
probably like light a fire under it might be an answer yeah well I mean some of them like like I
guess I guess what do you what do you mean by young wait a minute sir what do you mean by young
well mid to late 20s oh mid to late 20s forget it now those people are hopeless they're going
through like mid-life crisis at a really age some of them have like chemical problems yeah they're
going through a yummy dependency crisis or whatever they call it yeah so I was like treating
life is great sir if I didn't have this cold it would be so good you can't believe it everything
is wonderful I got my house you did I got my house and everything is great I know you're excited
about that but I'm excited yeah he wants young people like him to call and they wonder they can't
go into a coma after 30 seconds on the phone 26 past six on Zeta 4 now he had good intentions he
just there was a bad caller six to 0 3600 that's the number in date county we do have a line free
there if you want to rush quickly to the phone and if not that doesn't bother us at all okay
and they're not so that's just like I said I'm waiting for Captain Dave who's allegedly writing
things on a board and air he's paying less than no attention I don't know what to do I that's too
much hassle using that grease pen why is that it worked fine before you never had any problem with
it before because that's not what they give you the give you with the board that's another one
just isn't the right thing no that's what I'm saying it's just punch him up don't worry about it okay
it's not a big deal why don't you just say on the air six wouldn't that be easier because it
sounds tacky it does not sound tacky it sounds like we're letting them on it behind the scenes like
on the inside they love that they do okay let me get off mic then yeah number five the collect
oh okay from Jim how you doing Jim collect from where how can you call collect from
I got to say this this is the first caller we've ever had in the show doesn't know where he is
I don't know it could be sir you know this town goes in streaks and cycles and I was wondering last
night as I was lying there with a fever I was wondering to myself where do we go from here I mean
if this is out now we certainly are going to go back to heavy issues because nobody wants to talk
about that yeah we'll go west over to Naples maybe oh to Naples that's that's a real fun town
they got to jump around with the Indians a little bit or maybe to Venice that's a real worry town
I like it was a condolence where the average age is 112 Venice Florida sir not
not it is yeah I didn't know if I was in bulk or or so how can I expect you to know from Venice right
where does conversation reach past say I think with this call
well I don't know what you got to say do I have to say something you're going to talk to me
now what I'm going to do is move on to the next caller and thank you so much for joining us on
WZTA your homegrown station it's 28 past six on zeta four we have an open line in
brown right now seven seven nine thirty six hundred I will say this at least they're calling
this morning yesterday morning I think we could have given away a hundred dollar bills
and it was just something in the air yesterday that it wasn't happening by the way is is that our
new slogan your homegrown station is that homegrown cornpone down home home spun station I'll work on
that and of course all of us are from out of town that's that's just by coincident like
channel seven kind of like are those people from Australia on your own your hometown station exactly
I couldn't have said it better myself and it looks like a crew from another state now they run
spots on this show you you are aware of that aren't you I mean it's one thing to do a little bit
it's another thing to go on and on oh we love them carry on they run out of things like Sally
gives me fits and things like that they were they were better than just we love channel
Sean Carson they were yeah they run LA law police show yeah they run cars like nots landing is
at that airline show yeah yeah oh that's right he's not giving me anything yes he's even he's
even slow and he just does it off life Miami Beach hello yeah thanks a lot you're welcome hey listen
I never would have called in just to tell you this but since you brought it up I thought I might as well
go ahead and confirm it okay sir no music intensive please starting this morning you'll pick up a
lot of listeners just because with all you guys doing the same thing in one town it really thinks
you get zapped constantly by people who are rockers like myself wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait a minute hold on a second with all you guys doing the same thing what does that mean
you turn on the radio and anything before 10 in the morning all you hear is this crap
i got a zap you guys constantly
is is wait a minute wait a minute sir is what crap first of all this isn't the music show this is a talk show
that's what i'm telling you since you brought it up this is past say it's thanks go to some rock and roll pick up the rockers
and stay with it pick up the rockers
let me let me ask you a dumb question okay
since gtr is rock and roll and play in all music in the morning right wait a minute wait a minute can i finish
they're not i haven't heard it i mean i'm zapping between all of you guys trying to find a decent song in the morning
i didn't say they were playing decent music but they're playing a lot of music okay go ahead
all right since they're doing that and we're beating them already in the ratings by a pretty good marja why should we go and do what they're doing
well like i said you brought it up this is past say and i just thought i'd go ahead and if you the idea you know that you are you're at least on the right track
okay are you calling from gtr
he's calling from she i think this part of july's right now i just moved out here from tampa
all from tampa i'm born and raised here but i just moved back down yeah and and it's hard to find some good music in the morning
now what you listen to in tampa q 105 oh come on give me a break i said i'm a rocker buddy oh i'm sorry that's that's bubblegum
you can insult me here when i at least give you this is a why an F listener oh why an F yeah well yeah but that's all we got there you know
well so in other words with if we did play music we still wouldn't play the music that you want to hear that's a problem
oh no wait a minute i'm not telling you with the play what do you want to hear acdc and rush come on baby i'm 26 i just want to hear some good rock at all
like foreriner oh come on that's not rock see see that's what i mean see anything that i would play you know what else
out in john you don't want to hear that music on you wouldn't get there give me give me who's getting zapp
we're beating the crap out everybody sir what are you talking about this guy just comes in from tampa
and he's a programming expert i know the crap by well you talk about ratings i don't know about reading zon
there was a rocker i listened to the radio and this crap stinks well what give me some group list give me some
yeah yeah yeah listening which is amazing and it seems to me you've listened more than one day but that's okay well listen to the show no i know you just call
and wait on hold for half an hour to get that that was another point but i wasn't going to bring it up okay that's all right but not get up i want to hear some of the groups that you want us to play
because i said the music that i would play you wouldn't listen to anyway well you guys play good music during the rest of the day
i'll leave that to you but you know as far as i'm concerned the stone the who Tom petty pink Floyd
we play all that stuff yeah right that's what i'm saying you guys play good music just it's just that during the morning i've got a drive in hour and a half to work and i'd rather hear music
okay we'll take a poll on it okay yeah great wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute what and he hangs up to top it off in other words
he thinks that because he calls in the show his one call yeah we're going to change the format this morning and we're
going to go music intensive for the rest of the year right what we are based on his call are we suggest i mean is this guy out of his mind or what
oh he doesn't like for him anyway that's why i'm playing him good a little bit too poppy for him if you understand i'm saying exactly as they say in turkey yeah it's a
six thirty seven on zeta four all right now the time at the sound of the zeta four bong will be exactly six thirty seven this Sunday march 20 it's
a fours day as we go music intensive just in honor of that last caller right i mean i want you to stop and think about that okay the guy has
just come down here he knows nothing about this market he's listening to the show obviously he calls in he holds on for like 20 minutes at least to get on the year
he thinks that because of his one call we're going to change the format of the entire show right it's just a small request yeah it was just a
minimal request why the hell can't we just to comply right so i'm going to take a poll this morning i'll leave foulard how you know it
way and i've already got his vote down for music okay the choices are talk or music would there be another choice that i'm
leaving out like maybe in the off position or something or dead air yeah dead air i bet you we can get higher numbers with dead
air than Joey gets just the sound of that clock ticking just the sound of the clock working on the wall
uh twenty before seven boy i shouldn't be trying to sing with this voice should i or with any voice but be that isn't
me he was a good call he just a little confused too many mushrooms i think up there in Tampa there are probably exposed to the
Bob Lasseter show that's enough to rot anybody's brain understandable you see that yeah okay let's go to number four call a number four and
oral springs you say what all spring this is it uh well i gotta say i think we should go for an intensive and honor that guy yeah that's why i played
for and i had to queue up anyway when i mentioned that he went into apoplectic fits so i played it in perfect i think it sounded great i do too there's nothing wrong with for
another great i just want to say i was driving home from warland or the other night and guess what happened to hear the girl on w r on f oh my god is she a trucious or what yeah
believable and she's she's doing all this stick all night long and you know what you're doing Neil i figured out she's channeling yeah if you're really
just want to be the channel from mastho and stuff yeah but she didn't do it from another life she does it from another
she does it from another day part she's Oprah Winfrey during the day and she's whatever that is at night man she is grotesque also on the subject of Don Johnson yeah
yeah stand needs to just totally totally forget about these losers like Don Johnson yeah i agree you know Don Johnson here's a guy that doesn't
get along with anybody that's right to slap that little puke yeah people worse and then and then stand gets himself all upset he
well and i know him well enough he wasn't joking he was upset because nobody from the Miami vice show called him yesterday to
congratulate him on his wedding these are realises when this series is over none of these people will ever work again you'll never see any of
that's yeah you know Michael tell us what you know i never get another job they couldn't get a job at publics okay
and and and they're all too ugly to work at win Dixie i know that oh no the worst and the better one is even worse than Don Johnson is DJ
oh yeah because he calls Jay Michael yesterday blamed you for Stan's ratings going down
what the hell do i have to do i i give Stan more promotion and the whole radio station does what the hell is he
talking about and then he called Stan yesterday from the mobile phone and oh buddy hey buddy hey
i got news for you that guy edge about as much to that show as as the stuff we could scrape off the
ground out here in the parking lot yeah and mom there's one thing that y'all have to watch and i watched
when it was great you've got to watch the videotape of Beverly Phillips walking
on a great line i'm glad you saw i'm glad you mentioned that boy i saw that last night in fact what we're
going to be doing is we're going to have Beverly walking the street on the air a little later in the show
and it's going to be i'm we're all going to walk along with Beverly and point to our nose man
that was the most embarrassing thing i have ever seen in my life
but she wasn't drunk no not at all she was just a little uncoordinated i think
one talk what do you figure she weighs about 480 i would say she and opa ought to have a runoff
yeah a runoff election okay i'm good morning you too yeah i'm glad he brought that up i forgot
about it but that was that was hysterical i saw that on the news last night she was not having a
good time is it as good as no she was having a good time but not uh not finding her nose was it as
much fun as that picture the hero runs over it she looked even worse if you can believe that she
looked like she was in her nightgown or something it was uh it was gruesome and i thought like uh the
ghost of uh sookas passed or something that could be 644 on a hundred like to do a strip search
on her huh this sounds frightening let me say it again how'd you like to do a strip search on her
640 644 on zeta 4 and why do i feel like all alone now all of a sudden
why i don't know it seems like uh everybody else is kind of like going in one direction
and i'm going in another you know what i mean so anyway what the guy said about vice
oh don't now don't start nitpicking he just he doesn't like it okay you may not like the show
believe they're not going to get another job he was just trying to be emphatic in the fact that
the show sucks which it does it's going off the air and you take everything so literally
what are you going to lighten up a little bit already for credit like yesterday the guy made some
ragged on him a little bit and he went he went into a tizzy i mean i take things literally i like
you mean by that light now right see what i mean he guys totally psychotic that's what happens when
he works at gloves 94 too long boys and girls you become a total basket case i think he's right
you say that very yeah anybody should know yeah okay where do we go next captain basket
uh number six and four lottery four lottery hello morning stick with the talk
oh a vote for talk wait a minute that evens it up the last caller didn't really vote so um okay
is that it oh no okay Neil i was you i was requested to call in this morning by one of your last
followers yesterday which one was that one of one of the her me versus the tape oh this is
bad yeah good morning well good i got news for out of you heard the end of the show we finally got
to the bit and we congratulate you online consecutive days of mong and that was really really
you come up with that much it's really i don't know if you have a copy of this album but
i tell you this ad has uh set new lows in broadcast history really have it's been phenomenal
you know Neil about about the foreigner cut you played yeah i think this morning a different cut
would have been more apropos which which one would that be ad all the size yeah cold
size would be good that's cute you can say it again ad but please don't play a couple on
there you can see the finger near the dump button i heard you say that you know you can play the first
one you can definitely play it really goes for you have to save yeah and the zeta bomb uh-huh
lie yeah uh some of the others just but just a couple on there be it be handed to keep your finger
if you've seen with some of the things you play yeah listen uh
oh oh oh and take it well listen it's great hearing from you ad in stereo
i beg your pardon if you can't take it off okay that's that's what they say on the beach
have a great day and congratulations again okay great american okay there's a ad in stereo
bless i just can't can't believe the way that fit in there can you oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
and i was wondering if the pope smokes dope well and i'll tell you now you better
quit while you're head babes some flashbacks yeah some blasts from the past
with the all the old age of these and moldy's remember three with a bullet this week on Zeta 4 is the
Okay, where we going next Captain Monk?
Number two Miami.
Number two in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing today, Neil?
Pretty good.
There's a lot of number two in Miami.
Number two in Miami.
Yes, there's a lot of Monk in Miami.
Yep.
About your Miami Beach caller from Tampa.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to uneven the scales here.
Keep talking.
Was he on the beach?
That's where he calls from.
He moves from Tampa to Miami Beach.
Oh my God.
No shocking.
No wonder he's in a foul mood, huh?
Yes, he can't get enough acid on the beach over there.
What is that now?
Long's being played over there.
What does that beep on your phone?
It's a recorded line.
It's a recorded line?
That's what it is.
For what?
For what?
Hmm.
Are you a cop?
One of his favorite programs that you have.
This must be a CIA agent or something.
No, no, no, no, no.
Just a normal one.
Okay.
Normal agent?
Well, listen, it's great here and for me, I got your vote down.
We don't want to stay on this line too long because we may be being traced.
That's what we are.
Okay.
Good luck to you, pal.
You too.
Okay.
I get real nervous about that.
Yeah.
I find out our number.
Hmm.
We don't want that.
No, we don't want anybody to find out our number.
It's kind of like the J. Michael show.
It's 12 minutes before 7 on Zeta.
We can get another call in before the news break if Captain Dave decides.
So you don't have to come too close to the mic.
Five and four louder, dude.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Isn't that amazing how we knew where that was?
Are you in Fort Lauderdale?
Yes, you are.
Boy, that's great.
He's wearing a target today.
I got something I'd been working on all night for.
I believe that.
Ready?
Ready now?
It must have been a long night for you.
Yeah, go ahead, sir.
And here it is.
Near is the great touch.
Correct.
Here's the great touch.
Oh, this is that same guy as we had before.
Get on it.
Would you please?
I think that was junior.
I think that was that guy junior.
Junior?
Yeah, I think so.
Junior sampler.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
I wonder if he's related to Walt Whitman.
Oh, Walt.
As in Whitman sampler.
It's 11 before 7 at little 2SO TARIC for the South Florida audience.
Oh, you're welcome.
And look at this.
We have a story about our buddy, Don Johnson.
Hey, pal.
Well, whatever happens with Miami Vice Don Johnson will keep busy.
He's producing a pilot for NBC.
He is recording an R&B pop album for CBS.
And vice fans, by the way, may also be asking what happens before too long.
The season's ending episode will be a cliffhanger.
Boy, you talk about optimistic.
Yeah, it really is.
And before you go, could you do one short thing for me?
What's that thing?
Just say freeze major, Miami Vice, you're under arrest.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to do that.
At Van Johnson.
What a sense of humor.
Some high level Hollywood types are pushing for legislation aimed at protecting black
and white film classics against colorization.
LA lobbyists headed up by Bert Landcaster and Jimmy Stewart made the rounds of Capitol Hill yesterday seeking support.
They say the colorization trend is nothing more than a way for modern moguls like Ted Turner to make a fast buck.
They say writers and directors should have moral rights over what can be done to their works.
Today is Jerry Lewis's birthday.
I know you're excited.
Now I know why you're here.
Jerry is 62 today and smoking up a star.
Movie director Bernardo Bernalucci, who's up for an Oscar for the last Emperor is 48 today.
Eric Astrada.
Oh my God.
I want to see today.
She's 39 today.
And Nancy Wilson of heart is 34 today.
So happy birthday.
It's going to be a sunny and cool day.
Highs around 66 in South Florida.
Low to night 49.
Believe it or not, it's 43 degrees.
Oh boy.
It's cold.
Stay home.
It's stay home.
Forget it.
Yeah.
Good Lord.
43 on say to four.
It's 651.
Take home.
Stop.
Stop making up.
Before you break the law.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
The Supreme Court of the United States is now in session.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor with this opinion.
Baby, baby, I'm aware of what you do.
Behind the bed from door.
Now we're telling you what's wrong or right.
Each night when you turn out alive.
So next time you hop into the sand.
Make sure you stay on your bed.
Turn off.
Turn off.
We're watching you.
Don't turn over.
So will we arrest you?
Stop.
Just stop making up.
Before you break the law.
We fold it six to three.
You have no privacy.
Don't turn over.
Don't turn over.
I'm not going to be a criminal.
By the way, this is shocking.
I know, but Mayor Bob Cox of Fort Lauderdale has just introduced legislation
that if passed,
would make it illegal for us to say his last name on a year.
That's got to be an incredible effect.
One of the jocks in town will really be in trouble with me.
655.
And I guess he couldn't even do the singular.
Could he?
Now I guess that would be even worse.
655 on Zeta 4, where we going now?
Yes.
No, we already did five.
You can't be as well.
I'm three in Miami.
Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen, I'm only calling because I thought you might be interested in knowing the results of a radio survey in PCC.
Okay, we're listening with Bated Breath, sir.
Well, I pulled all three campuses and they found out that PCC is too crazy about you.
Great.
In fact, by far, you have voted the least favorite radio personality.
Excellent.
We like that.
I thought you would.
And you might also be interested in knowing that Joey Reynolds was also right along with you,
but he was also rated one of the most favorite radio personalities.
Great.
You can figure that out.
Well, that says a lot about BCC.
I think because Joey doesn't have any listeners, so they must all be in one concentrated in one place.
Well, I thought you'd let you know.
Must be like an epidemic over there, huh?
Yeah.
So who came out on top, sir?
I don't even know.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, you only knew who came out on bottom.
I do not even know.
I just saw your name.
That's all I counted.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay, but you're listening, aren't you, pal?
That's right.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Okay, BCC.
I always knew they sucked it with her anyway, right?
I don't believe it.
No, it's not true, but they still suck.
657 on Zeta 4.
That's how he Reynolds is their favorite, then.
Oh, come on.
Do you believe that call?
No, he wasn't.
No.
First, there was no poll taken.
I don't believe.
Well, you know, it might have been like his girlfriend.
Are you questioning the veracity of that last young man
who called this show?
Are you suggesting that he's full of it?
Is that what you're saying?
Yes, sir.
I would agree.
Six, 57 on Zeta 4.
And our next call is in...
Dave from Lotter Hill, number four.
Okay, how you doing, Dave?
Yeah, I'm connell.
Yes, sir.
How you doing this morning?
You feel better?
You don't call the BCC, do you?
No, don't get a beer can in college.
Okay, that's fine.
I'm avoided.
We're going to shut them down by the end of the day, by the way.
How you doing, Bert?
Great, sir.
Good, great.
You sound awake and alive and risky.
You look at too much, yeah.
How good would you do it?
For Venusly Feed Orange, Tuesdays, last night?
All three of you?
Yeah.
Yeah, that works well.
I try it, Niley.
No, I wanted to ask you a couple questions.
Okay, number one, sir.
Number one.
Number one.
I know you have the window in your studio there, right?
Right.
And you look at everybody coming in and out, right?
Right.
Okay.
Now, where is Captain Dave sitting across from you
when a booth or something?
No, actually, he's straight up above the ceiling.
We have a glass window.
You know, like in Vegas and in casinos?
Right.
How they have a glass floor and he looked at...
Well, we look up and Captain Dave is not...
Now, he's to our left.
There's a window to our left.
Okay.
And then he's on another side of a glass.
That's why I can't hear him on the phone, right?
That is...
That's correct, because we have a Mickey Mouse phone system
with a speaker phone, which is one of the most embarrassing phone setups
for any talk show in the history of radio.
Along with this Mickey Mouse headphones.
That's correct, sir.
Oh, Stan, are you there?
Yes.
Oh, right.
Mulberry.
And, you know, it sits next to you, I guess.
Glenn sits across the thing over here, you know?
Across the thing.
On the other side of the board.
You got it all fixed in your mind now.
Yes, you know, I got to have that mental picture
when I'm listening to the show.
Yeah.
That's my face off.
Exactly.
And the other question is, somebody told me that they got a menu
from the melting pot.
Yeah.
And the prices are expensive.
Is that true?
They said it was like $18 for the entrepreneur.
Oh, get out of here.
$18.
I know what they've been doing.
They're not in there.
I haven't gotten a menu or anything.
But I mean, is it reasonable?
Modern.
It's very modest, okay?
Like, $8.95, $9.95.
Anybody who told you it's $18 for the entrepreneur
is living in a dream world.
Anyway, they must be from B.C. soon, right?
Very good, Captain Mulberry.
Okay.
Let's talk and see if they all have a good day now.
Goodbye, your heart.
Bye-bye.
Good question.
Yeah, that was more good questions.
And of course, a lot of misinformation being spread out there
in the hinterland.
WG2A, Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach.
Good morning.
It's the Neil Rogers show on set of four.
And Neil's out of the weather couldn't be here today.
I'm Robert Cue Lewis sitting in.
I remember him.
Do you?
Mm-hmm.
So do I.
It means we're all getting real old today.
Real old.
And he's the biggest audience.
No, it's Robert Cue Lewis from John L. Lewis.
Seven o'clock at the sound of the automatic bang.
Ooh.
What is that?
What a talk-up.
I am.
Pretty exciting.
Under the weather and everything.
And he still hits those talk-ups, man.
She wins.
When they write my old bit, it's gonna be.
He could talk him up like nobody's business.
Oh, that was.
I thought it was Ricky Tickey.
No, no.
No, no.
No, this is gonna be something about that cap.
And you know something?
He's still gonna be wearing that cap when they put him in the ground.
You know, he's still gonna be wearing that blue cap.
I wondered if we should buy a cap for Ed.
Now, what do you think about that?
You know?
It was by the inimitable and never forgettable group David Peel
in the Lower East Side.
Yeah.
I think you're right.
I think he needs to shield his brain from any more damage
from the whatever it is from the sun.
Something must have done it.
It's a minute past 7 on Zeta 4.
This be the Thea Roger Show on Zeta 4.
And what are we doing?
I'll keep, see, I keep waiting for him now.
We're all out of the show.
It's always like how to sink.
It is.
Well, it wouldn't be so terrible if you would say something,
but you just...
It's number one in Miami.
Okay, that would help.
Okay, it's time for number one in Miami.
Everybody together now.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Stand there?
Is Stan here?
Yeah.
Hello, Bern.
I just want to agree with you.
Hold here.
The last color, then the last color.
But the color, that's the, uh, from Tampa.
Yeah.
I eat about five points below a subhuman douche bag.
Yeah, I would give him about, uh, yeah, six and a half.
Okay, that's better.
Uh, the talk show, this talk show in the morning is the best thing we can have in the system.
I don't know when.
Yeah, see this guy thinks that when he turns on FM,
it's automatically got to be music.
And not only that, it's got to be music that he likes.
Okay.
I can't help it that most people early in the morning
don't want to hear heavy metal or whatever the hell you want.
Yeah, I'm going to give you a tape player.
Yeah.
I'm going to tape burst it up all the way and blow his acid right now.
Exactly.
Great idea.
Very good idea.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Yeah, well, that's about it.
Okay, well, you did yourself proud, sir.
Yeah, I, and I think first time I ever called,
first time I ever called any radio stations.
Wow.
I've, uh, I've been trying to call less few days.
And not regularly, like, you know, not pushing,
read down and over and over just every five or ten minutes.
It's always busy.
Yeah.
Am I stayed with it?
Well, it's tough show to get through on some days.
That's what I mean.
Now, yesterday would have been a good day to call.
Yesterday, yesterday, I was out of it.
Yeah.
And so was everybody else.
And so were we.
Well, thanks.
Thanks a lot, pal.
That's a good suggestion.
I hope the mung brain was listening.
Yeah.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Hope you're feeling better.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Two minutes past seven on Zeta 4 and open line in date at 620,
3600.
What's, what is it?
See the next call.
See what he did.
And you see it?
I can't see it from here.
Six in sunrise.
How the hell am I supposed to see that from here?
Oh, in other words, it's from tinkerers to ever is to chance.
Is that what it is?
I care.
Oh, and if it's from sunrise, now I know what he left the room.
Hello.
Oh, it's not that bad.
No, it's a person under a hundred in sunrise.
How the hell did you get in?
It's right.
Dave.
I beg your pardon?
But this is Dave.
Oh, okay, Dave.
And sunrise.
An old living and breathing part of sunrise.
Well, that's great.
I didn't know there was such a place.
I'll go to the McDonalds and sunset strip and you'll be okay.
I've been in here.
They don't even have a drive through in there.
Do they?
do they? Yeah, which one are you talking about? Oh, you're talking about the one on
that back road there. Yeah, they have the anyway. I'm from up here. This is the same area.
Canestoga. Isn't that canestoga or canestoga? Yeah, similar area. I wonder if you ever went
to Joel's front yard, the fake house? No, I didn't even go to Joel's back yard, stick.
I know what are you getting all surly about? The birds getting all testy because we're
doing more upstate New York trivia again. What is your problem? Don't you understand
upstate New York is where it's happening? I'm saying I'm sorry. I just had to. Don't apologize.
Don't apologize. I just curious how long this is going to go on. All this man knows is
stake in shaken Lakeland. That's about all he knows. That's reason I call. The other reason
I call is no changes. No changes. No changes. Okay. No more music and intensity in all
that. In other words, you don't think for that one caller we ought to change the whole
format. He said I'll take a poll. He got very testy and hung up as if he was trying to
say like his one call should have been enough. We should change the whole thing because
he said so. So what we really ought to do is talk to six people who are each going to
have a different opinion and then we'll be like sitting here at Limbo because we won't
know what the hell to do. I thought we laid that all to rest long ago. We did, but I like
I like to. Going up like, you know, like a bad. Like a bad penny. It keeps coming back.
You're right. Yeah. Oh, well, listen, thanks for the call and have a great day and anybody
from upstate New York is wonderful in our book. It's 10 extra points. Okay. Take care
on you too. Bye, Bert. You said bye bye. I know. Say bye, boy. Come on. Now you don't have
to be silly just because he's not from Lakeland. The whole world can't be from Lakeland.
Well, see, I was disappointed because he only asked about two places, you know, if you
are eating it like two places, I was hoping we should have done many, many more. Yeah.
Well, time would have permitted. I'm sure we could have done it. Maybe with the next
upstate New York caller calls, we'll do that just to make you happen. Okay. I appreciate
five minutes after seven and the weather, it's colder than a witch's ear. Funny and cool.
High today will be about 66 and tonight's low again, 49. Oh, this is. This is not permissible.
Okay. Okay. It's no say, per miso, a key, something like that. What do I say? It's
43 degrees this morning on Zeta 4 at 706. This is the show of the morning with new
rangers. This is the show of the day. We got to get that Latin audience back on the show.
We got to really work very diligently to do that. Well, they're over on Radio Suave.
Is that where they are? Radio mom be. They're not here. I know that. They're listening
to Radio mom. Pretty tragic. I don't understand that they're like 800,000 Latinos in
Dave County. And maybe once in a blue moon will hear from somebody. Okay. Once in a
great while, we should broadcast live from like Kayaocha one day or something. We'd be
live to start. Okay. Where are we going to go next, Captain Dave? Oh, there was a 10
past seven BCC student on Zeta 4 was one of the lets you know that she's a big fan of
yours. Great. She hung up. And there was no pole. Okay. I think that kid is climbing
a pole out there at BCC. Number two from Hollywood. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I want to say something that I want to
make face in December. Open by time I get back in March. You off the air. Oh, right.
But you're still on the air. We're still on the air, sir. Listen, maybe if you go away
for about two years, you know, you never know. I know. I like to know why you don't
because it's you off the air. I know. It's terrible. Isn't it? Put regular music on in the
morning. Regular music. Like what is regular music, sir? Regular rock and roll. Like they're
playing in all these other stations. How long have you been listening to the show, sir?
I've been listening to the day that for us. They came back. Really? You're the one. Yeah,
I'm the one. Uh-huh. Okay. Neil, don't get me wrong. You're a nice guy. Yeah. I heard you on
AM about a week ago. On AM about a week ago? Yeah, with the AMA, dude. Oh, yeah. All right. I remember him.
And you sound better on the AM. Oh, I do. Do I throw my voice on AM, sir? A little bit.
Okay. How about if I talk like this? What, what am I going to do? Well, that'd make you feel
better, sir. I got the deal to get you off the air. Uh, sir, the chances of you getting this
show off the year on a scale of zero, I see like the, the reason the shows stay on air or go off
is because of ratings. You know, I hate to explain that to you in that other mongrain who call
and like when they were doing music in the morning here, they had about a point seven. Okay. Yeah.
And the last trend that came out, we're doing a four point one. Okay. So which would you
rather have? Would you rather have the point seven to satisfy a couple of mongrains like you?
About a one point ten. What does that mean? That means very low. What does that mean? Point one.
All I know. All I know. Now that's see, there's the definitive expression. You're going to be one.
Let me have the zero on Sunday. Great. And I'm going to show you my face. Oh, great. I'm going to introduce
myself to you. You're going to show us your face. I'm going to tell you on that call with that attitude.
Who cares? Okay. So what about it? Come on. What about this? Maybe we have that goes to the zero.
June going. FM no more. Oh really? Here's a threat from a macho man. There is coming to the zoo.
See how big I am. Yeah. Well, we don't want to see that. Sure. We don't want to see that.
No, we would be embarrassing for you. Don't go to the zoo. Okay. Joey. See you later, babe.
Who the hell is he kidding? Right? These surly jackasses out there who can't turn their
radio dials. You know, who got this? And of course, it's all a joke anyway. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Yeah. It's all like one of those little setup deals. Oh, sure. Oh, sure.
They won't give up over there. Will I don't they understand a man is down to a one three and it's
not going to do any good. I heard they put now billboards up and stuff. Is that true? Are they
spending more money to promote a guy who can't break a one three? You remember the expression
throwing bad money after good. Exactly. And this fits right in. We have a couple of traffic
problems. Amazing how they call it. Perfectly. A bad roll over on 995 North at state road 84 of
all places. This is causing backups five miles back all the way up to Sheridan.
It's pretty exciting to me. And Al says you can take 441 the term by core federal highway will
be better than you also said. It's a good day to have your heater on in your car. Yeah.
Good thing. Yeah. Man, that Al has got more good advice. You know, he is incredible.
I've missed his advice like a couple days. Uh, Stan 713 on Zeta 4 on Vailed Threat Radio.
Well, we've had some great calls and we the guy with the pole at BCC and this guy don't go to
the zoo. I'm going to show you my ass. But the guy from Tampa. He was going to have
forgotten about right to change the format immediately or sooner. These guys from out of town come
right in. They know what to do. They're only like about 40 stations in a market.
And they can't find another one. You know what it reminds me of. It reminds me of the old wins. See,
the old people and a lot of the young people are not that much difference. Oh, I know. Because the old
people wanted the all news. Remember that? Oh, do we want the news back? Get them off now.
They never shut it off. Right here. Uh, uh, that I was over there doing mid days,
doing nine shares in the mid day. They never shut it off. But they all right to the bitter end.
And we want the news back. And you're right. It's the same thing. They had no ratings mid day.
But all these people call it new. Now here they had no ratings doing music. Yeah. But all the people
calling up now, but the music was supposed to be a public service to make a couple of mungrains out
there. Happy. Right. Put the music back on. It is. It's the same thing. Where we go on Captain
douche? Uh, five is unincorporated. Broward. Oh, that sounds pretty exciting. Hello.
I know. I didn't know there was an unincorporated Broward. Yeah. This is unincorporated Broward.
I never heard of it. Hmm. How are you? Well, I could be better. I know. I'm just calling
to let you know. I'm sick too. Scratchy voices. What you have to look forward to.
Um, what would happen if you called in six for the morning show? Who would do it?
Uh, these other two mungrains here would do it. They would. Yeah. This has happened before.
It's happened before. I don't get all tested with her.
I don't get all tested with her. I don't get all tested with her.
And about the time from Tampa. I need to feel like him. Until I start listening to this show.
Now I really like it. I'm right. Yeah. Well, you know, people who want the same thing over and over and over again.
I mean, how many times can you listen to brown sugar by the stones? You know?
Yeah, it's true. It's different. I like your show in the morning now.
I like it a lot better than listening to music. Yeah, me too.
Listen for a while and then make an educated decision. Right.
Okay. We'll have a good day. Hope you feel better. You too. Same to you, ma'am.
Okay. Bye. Bye. Boy, 715 on Zeta 4.
Now, go back to that jackass. I call it a couple of calls back. You know, it's just astonishing to me
these these young, uh, druggy, uh, AOR listeners, you know, that if you don't do exactly what it is
that they want to hear they get all testy and put on this macho routine.
They're going to take care of us, man. You won't be on FM no more.
What a what a total jackass, you know, the thing that amazes me is like if I go to a grocery store
and I buy something that tastes terrible, you just don't find it. Yeah. I don't keep going back.
But he can't shut it off because he's got his dial stuck on Zeta, man.
And Zeta is going to program directly to him 24 hours a day or else.
Oh, good. Just like those wins. I'm telling you, it's on every station or something like that.
Like there are a group of people who think that the station owes them something.
And they're going to cater to them 24 hours a day because basically the people are either too
stoned or too lazy to change the station. Oh, it's that is because you got to like reach over
either punch a button or turn the dial. Oh, and that requires a certain amount of coordination
and a certain amount of energy. But I think some of these people are lacking. 716 on Zeta and our next
cool is Carol City. Like I said, there's Carol City. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, you're on today. Okay. Now this isn't Carol City.
Yes, this is one of those lines again. Can you tell by the sound of this line?
No, that's because I called up and I got a new phone. Yeah, you got a new phone. I'm telling you.
You marked my words. Okay, go ahead. Just remember what I said. Go ahead, sir.
Let's see what happens.
That's a long way. That's called before. Yeah.
Yeah. Because I'll get some my boys out there. Some of your boys.
Oh, boy, this is going to be quite a confrontation of the zoo, huh? Simon and Garfunkel might even show up.
This is Carol City. Don't worry. Okay. All right. Thanks so much.
Yeah, get rid of that fake phone. Will you please? I feel a lot better now. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to rest a lot more sound now. 17 past seven on Zeta.
And we'll move right along Captain Dave as soon as you want to tell us. Don't keep it a big secret now.
For six is Hollywood High. Hollywood High, one of our very fit. And I was just Hollywood. Hollywood Hills High.
Yes. Why should I know? Yeah, I shouldn't know. How you doing?
All right. How are you? Okay. How are you?
Yeah, I was told about that guy called you from Orlando. Yeah.
Well, I'm not from Orlando. I've been living down here for about a million years.
Right. And you got a great show and all, but it could do a little bit more music. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I listened to you every morning.
It's got a great show, but I don't know. But however, however, all the other channels they do,
they do, they do. All they do is just play talk shows. I mean, they're following you right along.
First of all, let me say this to you. All right. When you say all the other channels, I can name you
instantly a half a dozen stations that are playing basically about the same music.
Hot 105 and Power 96. Bad end of this magic and waxed it. And there's Y100 and there's GTR.
There's seven. Huh? Listen to you guys all day for the format anyway. Right. Old rock and roll stuff like that. Yeah.
I don't know. I just listen to I'd like to send that to the morning. Yeah. Okay.
All right. Well, thanks for watching. Okay. All right. See you later.
We don't want to disappoint him. Do it? No. Yes, we do. Oh, good.
I swear that's an I started again. Sure. I can't believe we can do the setup again.
What was I saying? We don't want to disappoint him. Do we?
Wow.
Okay. Just hold it right there. Okay.
That's the new format on Zeta 4. I love music.
What? Glubias that WGLU. Yeah, he's sniffing glue. Glubias.
I used to know people that did this. They'd like make a record skip over and over for hours while they
were sniffing glue. It was like something that they used to do up in the park.
He hung around with the hell of a crowd. He really did. Well, they do that up in the panhandle.
I mean, what the hell else do they have to do? That's true. That is a good point up in Milton.
Yeah. For Walt Lee. I didn't say Milton.
Now was it Lapages? Gluer was an airplane glue? That's the question.
The plate. Lapages doesn't have any toxins in it. Oh, it doesn't?
You have to have something like airplane or well knows everything about.
Well, like Lloyd bridges an airplane kind of, right?
He agreed. Okay. Well, listen, it's 20 past seven on Zeta 4. We're going to ponder that for a second.
We're going to be playing a lot more music in the next hour.
Here's Elvis and stuck on you on Zeta 4. Okay. Certainly Walt. It's a 723 on Zeta 4.
Already? Something I was just going to do and it just slipped away from me.
Like you wouldn't believe something really important.
I was going, oh, I know what it was. It just came back to me.
Wow.
Now this sounds good.
We'll bubble gum over to death. How's that?
Great.
It's a scum to death in Miami.
What a way to go.
Okay. We'll open that up again a little bit.
23 after seven. I think I said that. We're going to take another call now.
See, that's one thing I like about this town. And this town, I think,
leads the nation in this, along with the Neural disease and the murder.
So, okay. That's correct.
We also lead in malcontents. In other words, people who want to be unhappy.
As a result, they will listen to something day after day that they detest,
that they can't stand so that they can continue to be miserable.
Because don't forget, misery loves company.
That's our new motto. That's a new motto in Florida. Forget about the rules are different here.
It's misery loves company.
That's also the state slogan for Missouri to bring tourists in.
Missouri loves company.
Here it is.
Do you see the new radio station?
He didn't say that, didn't he?
See the new radio station in town?
Ritmo 98.
Aim names for copies.
Cuppies.
Now what did that used to be?
That's rhythm 98.
Ritmo 98.
Ritmo 98.
What does that mean, Captain?
And here's Geno Latino.
That'd be Ritmo.
Here's Geno Latino.
On Ritmo.
It's on.
They're going to listen mode, do you think?
On Ritmo?
Ritmo.
Now wait a minute, the arbitrage, now this is an old story.
This is in the herald day.
Wow.
We're probably catching up with things, aren't there?
We got the trends in there.
The arbitrage three months rolling average that radio stations use as a tool
to gauge their standings between quarterly arbitrons are out.
Although they are not used to set ad rates as the arbitrons are,
they do reflect trends that tend to be borne out in the arbitrons.
The most startling figures in the November through January survey of total audiences age 12 and older
in the Miami Fort Lauderdale Hollywood radio market show the apparent toppling
of former leader WINZ in English language news talk format.
It fell slightly from the fall 87 arbitrons and landed at the bottom.
I wonder if that's just a coincidence.
Someone that seems like someone told us this was going to happen.
WIOD rose enough to clinch the top spot.
WNWS was in between.
Isn't that interesting?
What does it say does it say anything about us here?
Do they just leave us out?
No, we're mentioned, but you're not mentioned specifically,
but like GTR and then we follow in and she's number three.
GTR is number one AOR.
We're number two.
Oh, they don't do anything about day parts.
So we can't rip them because they didn't do anything about any day parts.
Not at all.
They were fair.
You know, it's a usual crap article you'd expect to read in the Herald.
By someone who doesn't have a name, obviously.
Oh, Lordeys Acevato.
That is the new radio report.
I wonder if that person's related to Derek Acevato, who's a jockey at Calder.
I'm sure.
I'm sure she is.
Lordeys.
She's the Geno Latino on ritmo.
Lordeys or Lordeys or whatever name this is, the new radio reporter in the Herald.
It's not going to be so we invite you to listen Moa to ritmo.
Okay.
726 on 84.
Next call is from is a mobile on four.
Mobile hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Couple of thanks.
First, I want to thank you for my ability to rip control of the phone
and the radio back to myself and my kids.
I just want to listen to music as I drove into school.
Now I listen to your shortness more entertaining to me, even though they gripe.
I mean, they can find music on all these other stations.
What the hell do they want from our lives anyway?
I think they want control of my radio and have too much momentum to get it back.
Until I find you on FM.
Exactly.
The second thing I wanted to get some advice to bird
is one who has done it a hundred times.
The thing is good money after bad.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
Yeah, that's like kind of going to the track.
Same difference.
Yeah, yeah, there you go.
Good luck.
Have a good show.
I enjoy it.
Thanks a lot.
I know.
Bye, boy.
Now today it's 27 after 7, by the way, but today is the day for all the malcontents
to call in.
If you're listening to the show, you can't turn it off, but you can't stand it.
And you wish that the music was here.
The same wonderful music that year, 20 hours, the rest of the day on Zeta.
We want to hear from you.
Like We're Wolf and London by Warren Zeevon.
Little old lady got mutilated late last night.
Yeah.
What a great line.
727 on Zeta 4.
Oh, you know what?
What?
Gonser is going to be at shooters tomorrow.
I'll be gosh darn on the interco stole for St. Patrick's Day is going to be broadcast
and live from there.
And he maybe that guy will show up and give him a piece of his mind too.
Okay.
He says here he has lots of crazy contests for ticket CDs and cassettes.
And it says bring us your rendition of Mr. Potato Head or you can make one at shooters.
And I guess Gonser is going to judge the Mr.
Don't look at me like that.
Well now this sounds right to me.
Do you think it's like if anybody should know?
Yeah.
It's like because it's Irish.
It's an Irish celebration.
They want you to bring a potato.
I can't think of any more anybody more Irish.
And Gonser either.
By the way, happy St.
Patty's Day everybody.
It's tomorrow.
I'm Irish and we're going to do something special.
We're going to play four hours of you too tomorrow.
Organ Grindr music.
And we could play like Moll of Contire by Paul McCartney.
Give Ireland back to the Irish.
There you go.
Yeah.
You could play that by Paul McCartney.
You could blow up a car out in the parking lot.
And we could send a case of Irish spring to Rick Weaver.
Great.
Perfect.
Speaking of Jeff Gonser by the way,
Gonser's Grilled Today.
It blocks from this is at noon Rod Stewart,
speaking of hideous people who look like they haven't bathed in centuries.
The polis and littered skinner.
The polis?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And I see tomorrow we're back to two out of three again.
Four-unner, dire straits and Jethro Dull.
Do you realize what we just did a minute ago?
What do we do?
We just prepped for our show tomorrow morning.
We have it all planned out.
What we're going to do.
Yeah, you two for four hours.
And if you believe that boy,
the next time you hear you two on issue,
it'll be a cold day in Brazil.
In Dublin.
In Brazil.
Cold day in Rio.
Our next call is number two.
Miami.
It's probably in Miami.
I bet. Hello.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay.
Long time caller.
First time listener.
I bet.
We want to do it on Sunday instead of having an AM radio talk.
Why don't you have an AM radio personalities talk?
You know, they could turn around and stand or, you know,
I really would love to have a shot at the blow, you know what I mean?
I wish we could have thought of that sooner.
Yeah, but how about Rusty Nail?
That's great.
I'm off work.
Of course, somebody probably get what does that you get when you get a nail?
You know, the blood poisoning.
Yeah, yeah.
Can't have a thought.
That's a thought.
Okay.
Good.
Good.
Good idea.
Too bad we didn't think of that soon.
Yeah.
That is a good idea.
Could have tossed Mr.
Eagle around a little bit.
Paul Lyle.
Jeff Charles.
Arlene Ross.
No, nobody can move that.
730 on Zeta 4.
And we do have one open line in Broward now at 779 3600.
Our poll question today is how many mung brains does it take to make Miami?
That's our question.
And our next call is from
is caller number one in Dave County.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I got an answer to it.
I think about 10.
One to stay here and nine to come from a boat and turn it upside down.
I didn't hear the I missed the first part.
How many want?
It said how many mung brains?
Oh, I got you.
Okay.
All right.
That's cute.
I'm losing my first time caller.
Yeah, but do you have your green cards here?
That's the question.
Oh, no.
Call me in trace.
Well, that's right.
You don't have the Tino.
Yeah, obviously.
Yeah.
Well, that word that you said a moment ago in a moment of frustration.
Please don't say it again.
That's all I would ask.
Oh, that's right.
That's okay.
That's okay.
People feel so comfortable when they get on this show.
They just talk amazing in the vernacular.
Yeah.
Yeah, Captain Dave would know about that.
Yeah, he's been on to blurth that one out.
Good points.
They're excellent.
Come back.
I think you're doing a great job.
Thank you.
As far as that percolous mung brain that called before,
I think it's just nothing but frustration.
And just keep up the good work.
And that's okay.
Ripmo means rhythm in Spanish also.
Okay.
Well, listen, I'm delighted to know that.
And Mo-
I know it was just major day.
Mo-luck to him, right?
Yeah, Mo-luck to him for Ripmo.
Okay.
See you later.
Take care, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
What a good color there.
He had some pretty juicy things to say.
732.
Too bad we couldn't let him all go in the air.
What was that?
Oh, that's a aliburra trying to get through again,
trying to get through from the twilight zone.
Boy, the airplane engine was sounding kind of...
Yeah, sounded a little bit funky to me there, you know?
Sounded like that pilot on an airline that Stan was ripping yesterday.
Which one was that arrow Mexico?
He was just apoplectic about the guy.
I said he landed on one wheel
and then kind of straightened it out.
And then he said he took the whole runway to take off
from Mexico City.
And Stan had a problem with that?
And then Stan put that money in his luggage
and couldn't understand why this...
No, he didn't admit that it was his fault.
Yeah.
You just don't put cash and travelers checks in your luggage.
Generally when you're traveling,
you wear like a sports jacket or something
and you put it in your jacket pocket.
Absolutely.
Hang onto it for dear life.
So you know where it is?
Kind of like when you're gambling an Atlantic City.
Yeah.
A wallet for dear...
You really do, I'm telling you.
That's a desperate place.
733 on Zeta 4.
Already?
And...
Ooh, he's getting testy in there, isn't he?
Uh, line 5 and Broward. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I good morning. How are you?
Oh, I'm doing okay.
Newport, New York.
New Paltz.
Have I heard of it?
That's like down in the um,
Catskills isn't it?
That's X and 18.
I'll buy the Grand of Hotel.
Yeah.
It was I think the drug capital of the East
in the early 70s.
Well good luck to him.
Isn't that also where the mafia
had one of their meetings in that area?
I don't know.
I couldn't tell you.
Oh yeah, I think this...
I got a...
A little bit of information for you.
Okay.
And you're a big baseball fan.
That's correct.
Remember a baseball player, Ted Williams?
A vaguely, yeah.
He just checked out of the bathtub hospital in Miami.
If the undergoing a cardio-cathedization.
Wow.
Are you serious?
And my very good relative performed it on him.
And he's fine and he's out and he's doing well.
Well, that's good.
I just hope he quits shooting pigeons, though, you know?
He's got to stop doing that.
Just thought I would share that with you.
You do know that.
That when he played with a Red Sox all those years.
One of the things that he did to
endure himself to the fans.
He used to shoot pigeons at Fenway Park.
I know you wake up early in the morning.
You've refined the product
working up in the morning?
No.
I just find it sometimes hard getting through this show.
But getting up in the morning is no problem.
Oh, okay.
I just show you.
I'm not looking for a tent this morning.
In a tent?
What?
Say that again.
I woke up in a tent this morning.
As in like oxygen tent?
Well, not exactly.
Did you hear what you found?
Did you see the handle on the other one?
It's one of his famous Ellis Ruben shows.
Oh, no.
You've got to be kidding me.
I can't take this.
I'm already under the weather.
You have to be.
Ellis Ruben just picked up a new defendant.
A poor young fella from the army.
Oh, I thought maybe it might be Willie Darden.
Well, that's a dead issue.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Hey, you too.
I got about 40% of that call.
But the end was good.
I like the end.
It isn't really another Ellis Ruben show.
Is it?
It does.
With Mr. Ego.
Oh, God.
He doesn't even have no shame at all.
Thank God.
But as I say before, you know, Paul,
God for what?
Well, that is not listed.
Oh, yeah.
But Paul Isle is doing midday shows exactly what you used to do.
It's like the old Neil today at 10 a.m.
When I O.D.
The topic is do lie detectors tell the truth?
Very controversial.
Yeah.
Let's hook Paul up to one of those.
Okay.
See what the outcome is.
By the way, speaking of Paul Isle.
It's been too long since we've lost track of our little friend out there in Radio Land, you know.
735.
Hi.
I'm so glad you called.
I've been dying to tell you about the state that I had with this guy named Gary.
Oh, yeah.
He's a senior and I'm a junior.
And we met at the department since we're both in the school band.
Well, anyways, I've always had a crush on him because he is definitely,
I mean definitely the cutest guy in school.
He's got blonde hair and gorgeous blue eyes.
I mean, really crystal clear.
Well, he doesn't have a girlfriend either.
So that's great.
That's his love.
So he finds a Saturday.
We had the best time with Dan and Yeltsil.
Our growth hurt.
I think he's such a good dancer because really move.
You know, I love it when a guy can move.
Anyway, he's a little wild and then when everyone left the stadium,
he stood there and he looked at me and then he said,
he really liked me a lot and kissed my lips.
I'm going to die.
I'll be back tomorrow and I'll tell you about another fabulous date.
You know, Amy is kind of like Michael Jackson in reverse because Michael likes guys when they can't move.
It's a...
Do you think tomorrow she's going to have a special St. Patti's?
I would think so.
Yeah, probably she goes out with Sean tomorrow.
737 on Zeta 4 will be right back.
Miss Naomi Steamstein.
Of Ciasit Long Island has a problem.
Look at this face.
I got more bad lines than a new Simon play.
She needs the soothing, moisturizing comfort of new oil of Oive.
Oive.
Blended from the finest chicken schmaltz and chop liver.
Oil of Oive is the kosher cleansier designed to soften skin bats.
Muzzle tough.
How wonderful.
My face feels like every cell just married a dentist.
With a big practice.
So, when your skin's as dry as last year's mutser, don't pass over the blue and white box
that makes your skin smell like dail locks.
I've made.
No.
Oil of Oive.
Is real good.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
In the morning.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
With a smile, yeah.
Drinking my coffee.
Munching on my donut.
With a smile, yeah.
Get ready to go to school with Neil.
With a say to four on a dial.
Drinking to work in my room with a dolly nail.
With a say to four on my dial.
Oh, really.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
It's really no one can.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Okay, that's enough of that crap.
741, I was enjoying it.
The show today brings back memories, boy.
I tell you, just like those old days on AM a few months ago,
when after having been on air for six, seven, eight months,
and I would come on here at the beginning of the show
and say all the people that want the news back,
all news in midday, flash those lines.
And man, they would all immediately just light up like crazy,
all seven of those lines.
And we got the same thing today.
Let's see, March 12th.
That was five months.
Four days ago was five months.
That's correct.
And we've been here on Zeta,
and they're still doing the same thing.
Yeah.
Those music intensive knuckleheads.
You know, I was so amazed how, um,
Stan the other day, you know, did the news on AM.
I mean, what an original idea.
He did?
To give him the news back.
Remember that day he did the news?
Oh, you're talking about a few weeks ago.
Yeah.
That was pretty original.
I was kind of like screenless Thursday.
Mm-hmm.
Now, do you remember one day last summer when you did the news?
Yeah, very vividly, with a teletype in the background.
All those great stories.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We could do that now.
Yeah, we could do the news now.
That would teach some of those young lung kids a thing or two, huh?
I'm going to go get the teletypes.
Oh, no, I got the news right here.
No, I sure don't.
Everything we need right here.
742.
This is a radio for idiots, including us.
We don't want to know the news.
And this is too depressing.
True.
Okay, where do we go, Captain Dave?
Uh, number five, Hollywood.
Okay, Hollywood.
Hello.
It's real quiet.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, not Hollywood, Davey.
Oh, see, he was close to it.
That's pretty damn close.
You get on, you get on Sterling Road there and it can be Davey on one side and Hollywood on
the other, right?
Yeah, that is true.
That is true.
I don't understand all these people calling you and you'll understand they don't like
the show and, you know, the show is great and they don't like it.
Which station?
Yeah, see, that's the thing I've never been able to figure out.
These people, it's like a dog sitting out and barking at the moon, you know, trying to
get it to go away.
And it's the same thing with these people.
We're not going anywhere.
The show is going to be here and we're doing great.
You're right.
You're doing great.
You're showing the best show to have in the morning.
Anyone who has some music?
Which station?
There's so many stations playing music.
That's the point.
I could understand it if every station on FM was doing talk.
We're the only ones doing talk.
I mean, Joey got only knows what it is he's doing.
That's a talk.
But it's not talking.
But we're the only ones doing it.
Why?
What is their problem?
See, they can't adjust to new things.
That's true.
They think that FM has got to be a jukebox all day.
No, no, no.
Tom shows it good too.
Listen, if I thought you were racking on a French stadium, you're right.
I had one of them driving in front of me.
I'm driving 45 miles now and just decided to stop the middle of road for no reason.
Yeah, we're going to deport all the French Canadians this week.
I drove a bunch of young, the English stadium.
Yeah.
These French stadiums, that's why my family moves out of there.
They're a horse of a different color.
Yeah, terrible.
Like a horse's ass of a different color.
True.
Okay, listen, it's good hair from you.
All right, thank you Neil.
See you later.
744 on Zeta 4.
I'm a chokin and pukin a little bit here.
It's that Stan Major disease.
It's all over the building.
I noticed I only started doing it when he came back from his honeymoon.
Have you noticed that?
You never did it while he was doing it.
No, and now that he's back in the building, it's like in the vents like Legionnaires' disease.
He had some great adventure stories to tell about Mexico yesterday.
Did he really?
He was in the atrium when I was leaving.
It's, let's see, we got an open line in Broward, which is really frightening.
7779-3600.
There was a rumor by the way yesterday that was called into me off the ear.
Do you remember that?
A rumor.
And I'm not going to repeat it yet, but it's going to be interesting to see if some people show up here at the studio today.
Oh.
You know which rumor I'm talking about?
I told you, don't repeat it on the ear, but I...
No, I'm not sure.
You did as good as that rumor that we got the last week.
Some people are supposed to show up here.
Which one is you talking about?
I don't know.
I don't know what anyone that was talking about.
Oh yeah, from...
Oh, you're talking about a Marlon Bailey room.
Oh, geez.
Marlon has a vivid imagination.
That's the best I can say for Marlon, okay?
It gets everybody half a plug.
You mean something he said didn't happen?
I know that that is frightening.
I know.
Are Marlon?
I know.
It's staggering.
It boggles one's mind, doesn't it?
Now, the other one I don't know.
I don't know this other one you're talking about.
By the way, have you ever seen Beverly Phillips and Oprah together?
It's really something to think about.
Okay, where's our next call, Captain?
Three Miami Beach.
Miami Beach, howdy pressing.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, are you depressed?
No, not in the league.
Well, that's good.
Listen, I wanted to give you a call.
I'm very novice to the Miami area.
And I turned on your show at the suggestion
someone I was working with.
Right?
Because I'm from Orlando.
You're from Orlando?
Yeah.
What a Mickey Mouse town at is.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But I wanted to tell you that that guy that's death on the neck
up that called you really incensed me because I've never called up ever.
A radio show.
Yeah.
I want to tell you guys, you're the best thing I've ever heard in my life.
Thank you.
That guy can go do something where the sundown shine.
He can stick it where the moon don't shine.
Absolutely.
You guys just keep on doing what you're doing.
It's terrific.
Thank you.
And welcome to a slaughterhouse five.
Okay, boy, oh boy.
See you later.
Okay.
There's a guy who catches on real quick.
Real quick.
Yeah.
Like a normal person.
A great caller.
Well, that's because he's from Orlando.
The people are a little more laid back.
They're not as uptight and unfriendly and hysterical as people here are.
You mean Orlando like the city right next to Lakeland?
Like a Tony Orlando.
Now the one right in Duane.
You know Duane?
Duane?
Here's Duane by the four seasons on Zeta 4.
Okay.
747.
I wonder if that doesn't do any damage.
Does it cause it's all digital, isn't it?
I don't think it does anything.
You can just keep going forever.
That beam can just stay there.
We gotta find out for like four and a half hours.
Like let's put it on there.
Let's see how long it'll keep going.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Why bet you Dennis Fodred come whipping in here like a bad out of hell, you know?
What are you guys doing?
What the hell you doing there?
We're doing a radio station.
What do you-
I heard him on the air again yesterday.
Is he still doing that?
Yeah.
Don't forget, lead your let returns Monday.
Say none too soon by the way Monday afternoon on Zeta 4.
I bet Peter's happy.
The only reason I'm coughing on the ears, I just want the management people to know that
I'm under tremendous duress.
Okay.
And I still come in here out of my sick bed because God only knows the crap that I would get, you know?
He just got a little cold.
He's staying home again, you know?
He's just staying out too damn much.
You know how they get.
You know those management types, right?
The ones that take off for days and weeks at a time.
Oh, that would be seen.
Hmm.
The ones that come in late and leave early, you know that kind.
Okay, let's move along to line 6.
Oh, he's got nothing.
Like in North Lauderdale.
How you doing, Mike?
Good, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, Bird.
Hi.
I have a great idea better than telling these tools to change the station.
And what is that, Mike?
They get a stereo, right?
And all the records they want.
They can play their own music.
Yeah.
They're own commercials.
Yeah, somebody suggested that that they go out and, you know, put some music on cassette.
I know I do that.
I take a lot of my favorite stuff and I dub from CD or even the turntable on the cassette.
And those days when I want to hear good music, I'll put a cassette in.
Exactly.
And if they want to hear talk and they don't like to talk on the radio, they can talk to them so.
That is a good idea.
They can, they can tape it on the, say on the other side of the cassette.
And they can tape one end of the conversation and they can, you know, have a two-way conversation with themselves.
That's a very good idea.
Yeah.
You didn't get to what that guy was talking about.
I think the bird said he got like 40% of what that guy was talking about.
Yeah.
He asked you if you ever found it hard when you woke up in the morning.
Oh, I didn't hear that.
And he said he woke up in a tent.
Yeah.
Oh, that's really cute.
Yeah.
I think that's a swishful thinking on his head.
See, that was, I was afraid that's what he meant.
No, I didn't, I was, I'm a little under the weather today.
You got to understand.
I'm just vegetating here.
I just let it go.
In fact, I feel right at home in this town.
I'm just vegetating.
Well, listen, it's good here and from here.
That's an excellent suggestion.
All right.
Take care.
And the answer is yes, by the way.
OK, it's not lately.
Oh, OK.
Let's see, we have one line open and Broward, 7779-3600.
And I guess we might as well get this over with.
Might as well.
Oh, come on.
NBC led the Weeks Neal Sins despite preemptions for college basketball.
The network to the top five slots.
Cosby was number one, even with the repeat episode.
It was still.
What does that say about America?
Number one.
Next was Cheers, followed by a different world.
Nightcourt and Golden Girl.
Nightcourt.
Oh, God.
Too silly for me.
Aaron's way a new NBC series, starting Merlin Olson as the patron of an Amish family,
trying to cope in California, made its debut at number 10, the best showing of the crop of new series getting spring trials.
That little Joe Boatay, is he really?
This fog is ready to see more reality programming.
That's what television executives call talk and information shows.
Philip Corvo, the executive director of the National Association of Television Programming Executives,
says reality shows are being offered for syndication this fall.
Now, these will include shows like USA Today, which will be a TV version of the newspaper.
Oh, that would be colorful.
I guess it will be in color.
And another one called the Howard Co-Sale Show.
Oh.
I get the shakes just thinking about this.
Yeah.
Late night with David Letterman is going to London in May.
Producers say the show will run from May 3rd to the 6th at the Victoria Palace Theatre.
And Britain's have been able to catch Letterman once a week since last year,
but we'll have to wait to see the London version.
Have you seen Ed Morton Jr. show?
I have one question about that.
No, seriously, I have one question.
Warts it all about.
Produce the Robert Morton says they plan to do basically the same program over in London that they do in New York.
And only difference will be the audience, basically.
Sunny and cool today hides around 66, low tonight, 49.
And it's currently 43 degrees on say to for this morning.
Are you sure about that?
Well, I don't think you can get through, but you can give it a shot, because it is cold.
I'll be happy to go out and check this during the break, you know.
Like outside.
Oh, yeah.
You're right.
Every time it's cold, man.
These people dial a temperature checker.
Anyway, I'll check it.
But they just turn the radio on.
It's cold.
Trust me.
And let us dial it up.
Yeah. But last time I checked it was 43, I'll go check it again.
But the last check.
43 on Zeta 4.
It's 752.
Okay, 755 on Zeta 4.
Why did it seem to me like we went away for about a half an hour at that time?
Sure thing.
But you were anxious to get back on.
Oh, I was.
Yeah.
This is going to make your day what you're about to do.
So just go right ahead.
Have a good time.
Enjoy yourself.
What is it that I was about to do?
Well, go ahead.
You see, was I right, guys?
Is he testy or something?
Now, Alan and Mark came all the way over here from Cooper City.
Okay, from Cooper City High.
They braved the cold weathered.
And you're testy already.
You're upset.
Why do you get upset?
I didn't say a word.
I didn't say one thing.
But you are upset.
You're surly.
What did that mean about what I'm about to do?
What is it I'm about to do?
Go ahead.
See, I'm feeling a little under the weather.
So, Alan can't get too close to me this morning.
Okay, which is probably just as well.
I agree.
Because it would be kind of embarrassing for both of us to.
Right, Alan?
What are you doing?
Good question.
What's that?
Are you taking drugs on the air or something?
What is that?
These are lasanges.
Okay.
For my throat.
Is that okay?
Yeah, I've just seen if you had any more.
Anything with this little man just to pass it near his nose.
And he's ready for it.
Anyway, Alan Mark are here and they're just going to kind of hang out.
And I said, okay, they're not going to do it.
I mean, did you want to talk, Alan?
Right here.
How you doing?
That's very simple.
I like how he even waved at the mic.
He could sit on my lap and do the rest of the show with me.
I could be like the ventriloquist.
I could pull the strings and he could make noises.
I'd like to watch that.
I bet you would.
Yeah.
When do we start out?
Anyway, what can I say?
756, if there's anybody out there wants to say hello to Alan and Mark.
That's perfectly okay.
Look what they brought for us this morning.
Not strawberry preserved.
Too bad we don't even think we can put that on it.
That was my first, isn't that exactly what I said?
But that's good that you brought us.
What do you call this place, Matt?
Is that cute?
But that's good not to bring anything to put it on.
It went to McDonald's which explains the state of mind at the moment.
I'm going to fold this up momentarily before we were going to Denys.
Oh, you were going to go to Denys.
Like I said, I think you made the right choice, guys.
757, keep your clothes on, Alan.
Would you please?
Because, oh, God, he's taking his clothes off.
Okay, moving right along.
Where do we go, Captain Dave?
Next comes the shirt.
Miami one.
Okay, I'm serious.
We could have a serious problem in here this morning.
You do realize that you may have to take over the show.
What would that problem be?
That was taking us close off.
I'm just a mortal human being.
Okay, I mean, Mark's a nice guy.
I want him to get feel dejected or anything.
But, you know, Alan is just like Mr.
What is the word I'm looking for?
Mr. Wonderful.
Mr. Wonderful.
Mr. Something.
I guess I made a wise choice, but I'm not saying it on here.
Okay, 757.
And where are we going?
I got confused.
What's the Miami?
Miami.
How you doing?
Good, how are you?
Great.
I was listening yesterday as I do every day.
Yes, sir.
And Scott, was he yesterday?
Scott called?
Scott called from LaBelle yesterday.
And I was stuck in my car and I couldn't call you right then.
But I wanted to call you and tell you about a place in LaBelle.
If he does come down, you should tell him to go to flow and L.
Oh, it sounds like a weiner to me.
No, actually very seriously.
There's a book and you may...
Wait a minute.
Hold on a second, sir.
Did I hear you sniffling?
Yeah, he's got a cold.
And he doesn't even know it.
Am I right?
Doesn't it sound like he's got a cold?
I think it might be my knowledge.
Oh, thanks a lot.
Okay, go ahead, sir.
Because I was thinking if he's already gone to cold,
then it wouldn't make any difference if he said on my left.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
There's a publication.
I think it's called The Underground Guide to Florida Eating or Cooking or something.
Oh, yeah.
It takes you through all of Florida to...
Yeah, at least, Rosie Cooper publishes that, yeah.
Like, um, uh, Mama Lose in Gameville and Flow and L is in La Belle.
Wow.
Has their entry in there.
They have the world's best baked pie.
You can go in there at eight o'clock in the morning
and they have them sitting on the back counter.
So real neat little place, you know, it's like a little kind of drugstore
and...
Did you hear that captain there?
The drug's there while you eat pie.
Wow.
But no, seriously, if he does come down, you should have them.
I mean, every morning, fresh baked pies at eight o'clock in the morning,
you get a hot and you get them cold.
Let me ask you, why do I have to wait till he comes down here?
Why can't we...
Oh, how else would you want to drive to La Belle?
No, he can go there and get him.
I'm not going to La Belle for pie.
Yeah, so I'm saying next time he comes down.
I might go to La Belle for a Scott, but I'm not going to La Belle for a time.
They said, like, I'm coming down.
Not the next time he goes down.
Okay, well, I get...
I miss understanding.
I'm a little out of the way.
I wonder if Flow herself is there baking for allies, yeah.
Yeah, sounds like it.
I bet you they are.
I bet you're flowing out and putting a lot of work into those pies.
Oh, hmm.
Yeah, they're really going to be baking in there oven there.
I believe that.
I was also...
I was on all those listening to that last little bit that you played about the woman from Sia Offset.
Any particular reason that she's from Sia Offset?
I don't know.
Yeah, I wasn't even about that.
So I've lived in Sia Offset for ten years and I never ran into anybody like that.
Yeah, well, she's down here now.
So you're all the people...
All the people like her who were from Sia Offset came here.
Ah, okay.
That's the problem.
I must have lost my accent.
Okay.
All right, well, just wanted to turn you on to Flow and Elves.
The next time you talk to Scott, I'll have to bring some pie.
Okay, I sure will, boy.
See you later.
Bye, boy.
Pie pie.
It's eight o'clock on Zeta 4.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I hope you beat me in the ring.
You better than I am.
Even the competition agrees.
The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beaches is the best
morning show in South Florida.
I think I don't get to nice here on an AM station as a hero in my book.
You're like, say time is the quietest.
You got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on Zeta 4.
I hope you beat me in the ring.
You better than I am.
Now, let me ask you a question.
Can you hear that like out in the hall?
I hear what?
What's on the ear?
What's on the ear?
I'm asking them.
Oh, no.
You can't even hear about it.
You can just barely hear a little, little tiny bit of it, huh?
Exactly.
I got you.
Now, was...
Can I announce it today or am I not supposed to say anything about why you're not in school?
Don't say anything.
Don't say anything.
Alan and Mark, what did he do?
He was sniffling, wasn't he?
Yeah, sure was.
I feel a little bit on the ear.
Yeah, you look a little pale, yeah.
It's like about 75% of the senior class.
75% of the senior class caught it.
Listen, he's coughing and choking and peeping.
They must have all listened to Stania's demanding caught it, huh?
That's the one.
You seem to be a little bit in a blue funk now.
Me?
Yeah.
I'm just sitting here, minding my own business.
Oh.
Not bothering anybody.
I noticed.
What are you looking for trouble?
No, we're just looking to have a wonderful time here.
Well, great.
And if Alan will cooperate, I'm sure a good time could be had by all.
Anyway, where are we going here, Captain Dave?
Um...
A melting pot call from four.
Four, yeah.
What the hell does that mean?
Hello.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Let me say it again.
Hello.
No, no, no, wait, wait, hey.
I mean, hold on a minute, sir.
You're the wrong car.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
Would you try to straighten out your act in there, please?
Number two.
Is he doing mushrooms again in error one?
Number two.
Okay, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay, how you doing?
All right.
He called you earlier.
We're not on a recorded line this time.
Oh, great.
You called once before on the show today?
No beeps allowed though right now.
Wait a minute.
Let me ask you again.
You called earlier on this show today?
You can disconnect me.
Yeah.
Not allowed.
Not allowed.
Don't let these people understand.
Once a king, always a king, but once a night's enough.
Okay.
Number three.
We don't take second calls in the same show, okay?
Wasn't that cute?
Yeah, that was.
What do they mumbling about?
I get my paranoid.
What are you telling them now?
What are you starting to give them?
You should have been a school teacher.
You'd have been great.
The master of discipline, the bird.
Okay.
Number three, Miami.
I'm serious.
I can just see the classroom now.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
He would have whipped him into shape boys and girls trust me.
Okay.
Where are we going?
Number three, Miami.
Okay.
Miami.
Hello.
One of the of senior.
Yeah.
Boydness to you too, sir.
Yeah.
The other day, when I think it was Monday, you put on a commercial and I went through the
doubt to see what was going on at the other radio station.
I came by GTR and there was another accident.
Yeah.
And it was a guy accident, right?
And it was a girl on the end.
She was saying that she called.
She was calling from BCC.
Okay.
Go find some chairs, Alan.
What was that, sir?
That she goes to Brock Community College.
Right.
Did a poll.
Oh, really?
That's what that caller earlier in the morning said was true.
And they mentioned you at all.
It said Joey came in second, but the number one radio station at BCC was WGTR and the number
one disc jockey's morning man were herpes and McQueen.
Oh, my God.
Look what that was.
That was right.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
BCC is out for us, man.
We don't want anybody over there listening.
Okay.
I never heard of that college until we started talking about it this morning.
Yeah.
What are a bunch of mongrains?
Those are basically a bunch of kids that can't get into school anywhere else.
So they go to the brown community college.
They can't really get to, uh, what, uh, what, uh, what you're sharing, memorial college, or whatever it is.
That is correct.
They can't even get into vassier those kids.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
How good morning.
You too.
I saw the radio.
Boy, right.
Audio.
So we've a there.
As they say at Windixie.
It's 804 on Zeta 4.
You'll have to excuse us because the bird is going is molting.
What am I doing?
You had to open up a restaurant call it the molting pot.
What am I doing?
Wouldn't that be cute?
I'm sitting here.
Why are you getting defensive and truly tested?
Why are you attacking me?
It's just a joke.
I'm not attacking you.
Relax.
You're getting as paranoid as he was yesterday.
What is it?
Your turn today?
No, when was I paranoid?
Oh my god.
Don't you remember yesterday when he was just foaming at the mouth?
Because the one guy was ragging on him for coming in late.
Oh my god.
I just told him you'd go to hell.
What is that?
You don't know what these guys are like talking incessantly now back here.
We're on the radio.
This is just a radio show.
You're both sitting on the same chair?
Well, I started to say something and you attacked me.
Listen, if Alan's parents are listening to the show now,
I'm sure that he's enjoyed all these years.
Hey, Ron, baby.
But I'm taking Alan home with me today when the show ends, okay?
What are you laughing about?
I'm not joking.
You're going, right?
Anyway, moving right along.
He's not conveying.
He didn't say no.
Did he say no?
Didn't say anything.
Didn't say anything.
So in other words, he's still there's still hope where there's life.
Anyway, do you want to do the weather?
Because Harrison is eating what is that?
That's Teresa and Cumebren.
I'm going to try to get a job at QBA.
Hey, good.
Hey, maybe you could be on radio, radio ritmo.
He can do the sports on ritmo.
These guys are like babbling in a background.
Harrison came in here uninvited.
What is happening here?
Are we losing it?
Well, I tried to get some...
Yeah.
Order here and you jumped on me.
You seem to be...
You're not handling this well.
You don't handle chaos well.
That's true.
You like it to be very calm and very peaceful, very quiet.
That's the reason I had to leave Joe's last night because I could not handle the chaos.
We'll all shut up and let you do the weather, okay?
Oh, you mean like on a real radio show?
Everybody's going to be quiet?
Like on this show.
Okay.
Radio chaos.
Oh.
You get a razor blade drop.
It's a time now.
Sunny and cool today.
Heights about 66.
Lotto night 49.
It's a cold morning.
43 degrees.
Why don't we just check once?
It's busy.
I see 47.
What?
I think it's up to 47.
Have you been outside?
Yeah, you're right.
It's busy.
I've never been to a church.
I've never been to a church.
What do you mean it's broken?
Dave Ryder's got a broken weather.
No.
Thing.
Yeah.
Dave Ryder's got a broken thing, ladies and gentlemen.
That's big news.
He can buy a new one.
He can buy several new ones, okay?
And then he can go to a bar and tie one on.
Right around 44 degrees.
And 8.07.
They say to 4.
8.07.
10 minutes after love.
So you deliver pizza?
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's pretty interesting.
We are on the air, by the way, but that's okay.
Now, Tara was going to be here with us today, which I'm sure you would have been in a much better frame of mind if she was shown up.
She's shine.
She's shine.
She's shine.
So now you're really depressed, right?
That kind of like compounds the problem.
That's correct.
Is that called adding insult to injury?
Yes it is.
Is that like good after bad?
Yeah.
After good.
Spring ahead and fall back.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
I think it's pretty interesting.
Alan had a pretty interesting.
Now, what would you please try to control yourselves back here?
I know that you just in an orgasmic state.
Anyway, you were at the movie last night?
The dollar movie.
Now, where was this?
Hollywood Boulevard.
On Hollywood Boulevard?
Yeah.
And...
And...
Now, be careful your choice.
Hollywood Boulevard in high eighties.
Oh, yeah, I know where they're in it.
Yeah.
That said, I thought they got rid of the dollar movie there.
No, they got it back just for us.
High school students.
Oh, I thought it was for the old farts from Century Village.
Um, now they just like try to get us an accident and stuff and get in our way and drive like
15 miles an hour and how about Boulevard?
Okay, now what happened?
You were leaving the movie and something happened.
What happened?
Oh, you know what?
Good to tell that story on here?
Oh, you want me to?
Oh, I want to talk to you.
But don't use that word.
That's all.
You clean it up a little bit.
Alright, so I walk out the back door of the movie theater and I figure no one else will come out of the door.
So, and I have to call, you know,
relieve that call of nature.
So I start...
I'm relieving and then someone walks out one door.
So I start walking one way.
Yeah, right behind me and they can see it and they're laughing.
And then I figure no one else will come out of the movie theater.
Well, I can understand that.
You can get this great one.
Now that you mentioned it, put it away.
Yeah, I understand.
Yeah, I understand.
And then people walk out the other door.
So people are neat side of me.
Some of them were crying.
I'm really worried.
They were jealous.
And then I'm relieving myself.
So I start walking out into Parkland.
And I heard them coming.
So I just walked away.
Oh, I'm not.
I can't.
That's...
That's the end of that story.
Okay, I can't believe he said that.
Can you?
I just cannot believe he said that.
These kids.
I know.
What a mess.
So everybody has lost their job.
And I don't know what the hell is going on here today.
Boy, I thought that this was the future of America here.
Didn't you?
Didn't you think that Cooper City was the future of America?
Yeah, you're going to college.
Yeah, you're going to college, huh?
Where they do it in the dorms in college.
No problem.
It's a 12 minute, I mean, like on the floor.
12 past eight on Zeta 4.
Where are we going next?
See, because basically,
the only reason we're going to college in first year
is to drink a lot of beer.
No doubt.
Where are we going?
Five.
Are you...
If you got a lockjaw now or what?
Nova High School Stacey.
Oh, Nova High School.
Stacey, hello.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
Oh, my daughter's high that you have a really great show.
Good.
Now, you don't...
You're not playing, I'm going to BCC, are you?
No way.
That's good.
BCC is out on this show.
Don't I know you?
Do you know Alan?
No, I don't.
He said he would like to know you.
How old are you, Stacey?
I'm 15.
Uh, six to 60, so...
Yeah, that's like...
Yeah, he said six to 60 is his age bracket,
so I guess you're right in there, Stacey.
Um, I just want to know that I love those little clips that you do.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I go to school and I tell everyone about them.
Well, what do you mean?
Why do you have to tell everybody?
Isn't everybody at school listening to the show?
Yeah, the scene on everyone.
Like, I listen to them the way they're at school.
Not everyone gets right to school,
so people don't get right to school,
don't get right to the radio on the way.
They missed that part of the show.
Right.
Right, tell them all about them.
So in other words, you're kind of like a Zeta correspondent, right?
You fill them in.
Right.
So to speak.
And my brother's eyes knew school,
and we're exactly laughing all the way there.
How old is your brother?
A brother's 18.
18.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
What is his name, Stacey?
What?
What is his name?
Eric?
Yeah.
Oh, that's a good name.
I like Eric.
That's one of my favorite names.
Why are you laughing nervously?
I'm just getting ready for school here.
Great.
I was unhold for like 20 years.
Okay, now like when your brother drives you to school,
does he go over 70 or 80 or?
No.
No.
About 60?
No.
58?
We need you to see them.
Okay.
Sure, Stacey.
I know she's laughing nervously again.
Well, listen, give Eric a big kiss for us.
Okay.
And we'll see you later.
I thank you.
Bye, boy.
Bye.
That's Stacey from Nova High.
She was pretty nice.
Wasn't she?
Yeah.
She was very accommodating.
I feel better.
It's 814.
What is he doing back here?
He's doing stuff with clothing again.
I just can't, I'm telling you.
It's going to be a very good thing I got this cold.
You know, it's kind of like suppressing me at this point.
We were looking for the Santa Rea house.
We don't know where it was.
I'm sure the bird would be glad to give you directions.
Maybe you could have get there just in time.
For lunch, if you know what I'm saying.
Love chicken.
Oh, do you really?
Well, we don't want to get into that.
It's 814 on Zeta 4.
And it's kind of interesting how they come in here kind of like taking over.
Yeah.
I have a good idea.
Because I'm not feeling that good.
Why don't we like, like, mark sit down here and all I can sit down here will just leave.
Yeah, I like that idea.
That does sound like a good idea.
You know what would happen talking about filling the old pants up?
I mean, do you realize how petrified it would be if we actually went ahead and did that?
Oh, I know.
Speaking of El Panzo, look at who's coming in here now.
Ladies and gentlemen, head of our real program directors.
Rose Folger, Mr. Ovid.
I'm sure he would love Allen and Mark.
Yeah, hey, this could be a new show for you.
Yeah, we'll suggest it.
Rose.
Yeah, the Allen and Mark show on Zeta 4 and they could play all that rush and Argentin.
AC DC.
Little Queen.
Okay, let's take another call captain among six and Miramar.
It does sound really tacky doing it this way.
I can't just got these big highfalutin computers in here that don't work.
We gotta let people know why we're doing this.
We can't even get a grease pencil at work.
That's how desperate we are here.
We can't use the board either because somebody stole my pen.
Somebody stole his pen.
What does that tell you about this joint?
Maybe you can't keep anything intact here.
Everybody rips off everything in this joint.
Miramar.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I hope you feel better.
I'm just getting over pneumonia myself.
Everybody else is pretty sick.
Listen, have you ever heard of the Biggersons?
Yes, I have.
And I'm meeting France's flying for about 1965.
I used to play that stuff on the air many years ago.
Really, do you have any copies of that?
No, I was going to send you tape of it.
I was certain to do my mom's old records and stuff and I found these two.
One was entitled The Biggersons Fight Back.
And the other one was entitled Breakfast with the Biggersons.
Yeah, they're great.
I was going to send you a copy if you're interested, I will.
Yeah, I'd love to have them.
Okay.
I'm not trying to put a plug for any political or anybody in the race right now.
But just to carry on to the who might you be looking at to support?
Or can't you say that over the air?
Who might be looking at to support?
Yes, sir.
Dale Murphy, I would say.
Dale Murphy?
Yeah, he's my favorite athletic supporter.
Now, seriously, I don't like it.
It's just a joke.
It really is a joke and there are people all excited about Ducakis.
They don't know anything about the guy.
And it's pathetic.
And Jesse Jackson's getting people voting for him, which means I guess it's okay to be a black bigot.
But if you're a white racist, then it's not okay.
And of course, Bush, I mean, what does there to say about the guy?
You guys a total douchebag and a whim.
Well, he doesn't even make good beers, so what can you say?
This is correct.
Listen, one favor I'd like to ask of you.
I have a friend.
Every time I go over his house, he has his answer machine.
And if you saw him, it's incredible.
Just like three companies.
He's two gorgeous girls with him with him.
And every time I go over, he likes me to make different messages form on the machine.
I mean, what was wondering if you'd make a message form?
I'd be delighted, sir.
Okay, his name is Tim.
If you could say something like, well, Tim, Jenna and Melissa aren't here.
Something like that.
What was the second name?
Jenna.
Jenna.
Is it like in Bruce Jenna?
Correct.
Did you ever hear that name before?
What do people do?
Like, make up names as they go along.
I never heard of that.
Okay, now, how am I going to do this?
What's the number?
I'll bleep it off the ear.
Uh, I don't want to see.
I have a tape going on.
What I was going to do.
Oh, I see you're going to do it now.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
When do you want me to start?
I mean, between between now and 10 maybe?
Yes, sir.
Like it's rolling right now?
Yes, sir.
I just want me to do it extemporaneously.
Whatever you'd like to say.
Okay.
You ready?
Yes, sir.
Okay. Am I ready?
Hi, Tim, Jenna and Melissa aren't here right now.
But if you douchebags, they'll call us back a little bit later on.
We'll see if we can't do our best.
Okay, Mung Brain?
Thanks a lot, and you have a heck of a show.
Okay, have a good day.
Okay, bye-bye.
See, they always get excited if I say douchebag and Mung Brain a couple of times.
So they want it.
They're jollies.
I bet you're pardoned.
I want a message, too.
I'll give you a message.
Where are we going to go next, Captain Dave?
We have an open line in Broward, 779-3600, by the way, just in case.
Do you want to answer the phone?
This man wants to do the show.
He wants to answer the phone.
They just came in here.
Like we're not even here.
They just raised his eye, Browder.
What did that mean, Alan?
Oh, no.
Yeah, that's not what I think.
Okay.
Why don't we just, why don't we just hush up and we'll just listen to them.
Good idea to me, for you.
Yeah.
I like them.
I like them.
Who's the basis of the fairies?
Is that the white 300?
Yeah.
You know, they don't look too bad.
Wait a minute.
Now, isn't that, that is incredible.
Do you know what he just said?
She don't look too bad.
For getting about the grammar of that, okay?
She don't look too bad.
Is that all you think about?
Is that all you guys think about?
You're like walking hormones?
That's true.
I'll go along with that.
Let's meet her at the door.
On the way out.
Oh, these guys to these kids today.
You know, why don't you take some salt, Peter or something and calm yourself down?
Okay, relax.
I mean, it's 20 after rate.
It's 20 after rate in the morning and you guys are hot to try it already.
Can't you relax?
This time we're doing algebra in English and school.
Early bird gets the worm.
I'm beginning to agree with you, which is frightening.
Okay, I mean, these guys are like out of control at this point.
I know.
They started out.
They were pretty quiet and now they've become like apoplectic.
They're out of control.
It's like we're not even doing a show.
Exactly.
It's like there's nothing going on here.
They're like they're sitting in school and in gym or something, you know, comparing notes.
Well, something I started to explain it to him right at the beginning and you wouldn't let me.
So this is it.
20 past eight on Zeta 4.
I think we ought to take a poll, don't you?
We'll get Lee founder to come in.
We'll take a poll on whether Alan and Mark need to be sitting on the outside of the window.
Okay, let's do a break captain Dave because otherwise we're going to get way behind.
Okay, and there's nothing worse than that on this show.
Okay, it's a 24 on Zeta 4.
Now you guys are going to have to shut up.
Okay, I mean, that's the bottom line.
You're going to have to just hush up.
Be real quiet.
Okay.
Okay, because he's getting really testing.
He may fly out.
You're right.
Okay, is that better?
So we're like these guys stay until 10.
Good question.
If they behave.
This is worse than school.
Yeah, oh yeah, this is a radio.
This is a radio.
You can't screw off here guys.
You have to be real quiet.
Okay, we're serious.
Okay.
Okay, it's a 24 and where we going next.
See now they're going to just start making guttable sounds.
Just to aggravate you.
Captain Dave.
Has he got a written down up there somewhere?
No.
From the infirmary of Jackson Memorial Hospital.
Captain Dave.
From the mental ward of BCC.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
That says a lot about those kids, doesn't it?
I can't believe it.
Loser plays that as Dave County.
Hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Hold on a second.
Get out of that microwave.
Got it.
God, we can do as little kids.
Little kids are at your cats, sir.
No, no, no, no, no.
He was trying to put something in the microwave that don't belong in there.
Okay, like what?
A steel bowl or something?
Well, you know, fork.
Oh, fork.
Yeah, time to turn it on high and see he'll get a real less.
Okay, listen, these kids that are out of school today.
Yeah, what about them?
I think it's super that they're able to come in and see the culture that you guys are able to teach them.
Because they can't learn this.
Yeah, that's true.
That's cool.
Okay.
One thing they might learn here in the next hour in the 45 minutes is to be real quiet.
Well, why would they want to be quiet?
They should participate and get involved, as a matter of fact.
I think you ought to just move right on over.
Oh, that sounds good to me.
I'm ready to move right on over right now, sir.
Okay, got a problem.
I'm going to put Alan in my trunk and take him home, never to be seen again.
The kids nowadays, as I drive by Maramore High School, as I drive by the dairy school, as I drive by all these high schools.
Wait a minute.
Let me ask you this question.
Is that what you like to do during the day time?
I don't have them on my way.
Cruz High School.
Sir, come on.
Why don't you admit it?
Okay, we understand.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Just go ahead.
It was just a little joke.
All right.
The kids look so old nowadays.
Are they talking again?
Constantly.
I thought I heard something.
Continuously.
The kids appear to be so mature, so old.
They do?
Of course.
Look at them.
Yeah, Mark could pass for, I would say, about 22, right?
23.
Okay.
Huh?
That's what I'm saying.
What happened?
And Alan could pass for about 15.
I mean, what it is, is it the milk?
Is it the meat that we're eating nowadays?
I mean, why do they look so old?
That is a good question, isn't it?
How come kids look so old today?
We ought to do a poll on that.
What do you think?
I don't know.
You know, I graduated back in the 60s,
and I can remember what we look like, and this is nothing.
You know, this is incredible.
Yeah.
What is this?
Is this a fake ID?
What is this?
That's not a drug.
83.
According to this, Alan is five years old.
Oh, I have to get it, sir.
Oh, wait a minute.
This is 052766.
That means he's almost 22 years old,
according to this fake ID that he's got here, okay?
With a different name on it.
Well, that's good.
Who did this for you?
You were a friend, man.
One of your friends made it?
No, me and my friends.
Oh, you and your friends made it.
Okay, now listen, if there's anybody from the FHP listing,
this will get them out of here, right?
There's anybody from the...
I think the IDs were...
I think that we're fabulous to have back in the 60s and the 70s.
Yeah, I had one.
Yeah, it was great.
I remember the old ale house days back in South Miami.
Getting into there was incredible.
Do you?
Yeah, you remember the ale house?
No, I sure don't.
Oh, it was great.
In fact, I'm trying to forget it.
Oh, okay.
So listen, what do you think about this beautiful weather?
I think it sucks, sir, is what I think.
Okay, it's freezing.
Look at that picture.
Well, I look like Granny Yawg on a bad day in my driver's license.
All right, so where are these kids going to go to college?
Well, that's a good fake ID.
I'll see that, man.
That's excellent.
Where can I get one?
Where are they going to go to college?
Where are you going to college, guys?
University of Florida.
Engage with it.
Oh, you're both.
Oh, no, not the gators.
You're both.
Oh, if you're a gator here, I wish I could hang up on you.
Oh, I hate the gators.
Don't go.
Don't go.
Even now, I hate the gators.
I hate the gators with a passion.
Oh, man.
That's the only university that has an entire fence around the campus.
And that's to keep the animals in.
Exactly.
It's like Teravela Heights, like a concentration camp.
Oh, man.
They can't do that.
Listen, have a great day.
Don't get yourself out of the way.
Okay.
He's upset.
He is really upset.
Are you guys are both going to a Gainesville?
Yeah.
Actually, I'm going to Santa Fe.
Like together.
You're both going to the University of Florida together.
No, he's going to the University of Florida.
So he can get out a dorm.
I'm going to Santa Fe because I can get into you.
But I'll get into you.
But you understand what that means?
Santa Fe.
What does that mean?
Santa Fe is community college and Gainesville.
Oh, community college.
Oh, I see.
What can't you get in?
Because you never go to school.
Is that it, Alan?
Yeah.
And you carry around phony IDs.
And you tinkle on the ground outside of movie theaters.
We have, we have seriously, he needs some discipline this kid.
You know what I'm talking about?
Mm-hmm.
Some serious discipline.
And I can't think of anybody better qualified to show it to him than me.
Oh, my girlfriend, Cindy, she needs to be regular.
Oh, God.
You're right.
It's 29 after 8 on Zeta 4.
We can't shut up this much because he doesn't have one.
That's the worst part of it.
I know.
We got a couple of accidents here.
Oh, do we really?
I think we have a couple accidents here, too.
Go ahead.
A five vehicle accident, Southbound I-95.
Just south of Sunrise, back in up traffic, North and Southbound, as people look at it.
And also an accident on the Palmeadow, Northbound, near Southwest State Street, back in up traffic for two and a half miles,
going eastbound approaching the Turnpike extension, so avoid them.
Okay, it's 8 30 on Zeta 4.
We apologize for the interpretive behavior of our guests, but they're in heat.
They're out of control.
They're also making noise in the background.
What does he do?
He's messing with cards.
Anything else you'd like to look at while you're here?
Anything else you'd like to inspect?
Allen.
Can we go through the file cabinet?
I got some to show him.
Okay, where are we going next?
Number two is John from Miami.
John, we're doing names now.
How are you doing, John?
How are you doing? How are you?
We're doing great, John.
How are you doing, Bird?
All right.
I guess we have to say about those call-ups today, huh?
Yeah, we had some real winners on our day.
Especially the guy that said he was gonna show up at the zoo or something.
Yeah, and show his face.
He probably fit right in there at the zoo.
Yeah, I don't know if he shows up, you know.
Maybe they could expand the zoo or something like that.
He might get his own tree.
Yeah, with his own cage, huh?
You got it.
Yeah, you guys are doing a pretty good job, man.
I mean, who needs a music in the morning anyways?
Yeah, you know, it just astonishes me.
We're here to do a specific thing.
And if there's anybody out there that doesn't like it, they can get lost.
Yeah, right.
I mean, where are they listening in the first place, you know?
Exactly.
Because they enjoy the punishment.
They like the misery.
Don't you understand where we are, sir, when the land of SNM?
Yeah, I guess so, huh?
Well, listen, you guys are doing a great job.
And just keep it up and don't worry about what they say.
They're mung brains anyway.
Exactly.
That's what Jay would say.
All right.
Have a nice day, huh?
You too.
Thank you.
What a good caller he was, right?
Yeah, that guy was something.
He was great.
Oh, yeah, he was really something.
831 on Zeta 4.
You're just upset because Territan come out here.
That's all.
No, that would have been even pricked.
Licking your wounds.
That would have been even crazier.
Why is that?
He would have been as docile and commas could be.
He'd be ignoring all of this stuff.
Does she look like Phoebe Kate?
She is kind of that kind of.
Yeah, that Phoebe ish look.
Kind of.
Kind of like boyish and boyish.
Yeah, listen, don't get carried away, guys.
I'm telling you, he's going to get surly.
He's going to start throwing rotten eggs at you.
You know, these are the kind of guys I would love to sit in front of in a movie theater.
Oh, yeah.
Perfect.
Especially behind you.
We like the Godfather.
We have to listen very closely for the audio.
This is the kind of people I like behind me.
Quite in the movie.
We don't even sit here each other.
I sit in one end, he sits in the other.
Nobody round us.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe what word he said.
Anybody that tingles on the ground outside the movie theater isn't going to be quiet inside.
In fact, if you listen, when he goes in the theater, if you listen very carefully, you'll hear that same tingling sound on the ground.
Oh, man.
They don't bring them up today like they used to do that.
They used to kill.
These parents today, boy.
I just don't know what it's all about.
They used to whip them.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not giving them any more fuel.
Okay, for any more dirty lines.
Okay, where are we going next?
We have one of our boss winners on three.
Oh, great.
That's one of our callers.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, he must be really excited or she or whoever was.
I forgot.
Oh, yes.
Okay, he'll be here.
He evidently, huh?
He, uh, a little bit.
Listen, why is the bird off a quiet in there?
Why is he quiet?
He's depressed.
He's looking his wounds.
I can't, uh.
He can't function under the pressure.
He's been female in there for him to get him in heat.
Yeah, that's the idea.
We thought we had one coming, but she is shining this today.
I don't function well, sir, in the midst of chaos, basically.
Which last time you had your feathers ruffled.
About two minutes ago.
Yeah.
The man should question that, that verbal commercial.
Uh, it felt like the ladies enjoying that accident.
Uh, it could be.
It could be.
Mm-hmm.
Good point.
Listen, Neil, I need somebody to go with me at a trip.
Well, good luck to you, sir.
Maybe I, maybe Alan would like to go with you.
I don't know.
You're too young.
No, you couldn't go wrong.
Alan.
Alan's in the other room.
Leave him there.
Okay, don't spoil a good thing.
Oh, you took, uh, they need the chair.
You took the, they took the rest of the chair.
He took the rest of the chair.
He took the Nancy's chair.
I can't believe it.
You believe these guys?
You think you guys take it over the building enough?
They took Nancy's chair.
Unbelievable.
Frightening.
Incredible.
Why don't they go up in the AM and take Mike and Arlene's chairs
two while around?
Yeah, you guys just go, you know, the building shores.
Have a great time.
Take care of this chair.
He doesn't need it.
Yeah.
He doesn't have a good stand up routine.
Now what do we get to sit on, you know?
Oh, boy.
I'm restraining myself.
You have no idea.
I'm restraining myself on that line.
Say what these kids today.
I know these kids today, man.
They're incorrigible, aren't they?
Yeah.
See, and you never know because you look at Alan,
he's got like this baby face and he looks like a real innocent, doesn't he?
He looks like an innocent young child.
Like somebody who would be just as sweet and, you know what I'm talking about?
And he's just a hell-raiser.
He's impossible.
Am I right?
You hit it right on the nose.
I hit it right on the nose.
He's just a professional troublemaker this kid.
He's a maniac.
If you have me in there, I treat you a respect or more.
I mean, really?
Well, listen.
Will this chance of me sitting in with you if I take up my ticket?
None.
I'll give it a shot.
Okay, well, listen, have a great time.
I hope you enjoy it.
I will, don't worry.
Okay.
Anything for free, you can enjoy it.
I know that.
Okay.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
835 on Zeta 4.
We have an open-line at date.
And the number is 620-3600.
There.
There's a couple of office.
There's Laura Boomburg and a couple of ones you go attack them or something.
She is.
Mm-hmm.
I can call the for you.
Just to look up the word, jab in the dictionary.
Anyway, it's a 25 till nine on Zeta 4.
And we're going to take a little break here again.
And during the break, we're going to see if we can't convey the message one last time.
Okay.
We're going to give it one more call.
Give it the old college try.
Oh, you mean we're going to define the word?
We're going to invite everybody to convince these guys.
Now, Mark has been okay.
Okay.
He's been pretty quiet, right?
Well, relatively speaking, he's been pretty calm and quiet.
He's controlled himself.
It's this other character here that has just been totally out of control.
Mm-hmm.
It's like a whirling dervish.
We redefined the word hyper.
Yeah.
Are you hyper?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, that'll do it to you.
I didn't realize he had one of those.
Do you want to go get rid of it?
It's a 24 till nine on Zeta 4.
And we'll come right back.
Okay.
It's 838 on Zeta 4.
The New Roger Show on Wednesday.
We apologize for the chaos that's been going on here recently.
The bird has actually gone out of the atrium and is molting at this point.
He just gave a lecture, a very stern lecture to our runaways from Cooper City High here.
Are both little under the weather today.
Of course, I don't know how that's going to fly.
How can you be too sick to go to school but well enough to go to a radio station?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Now, who is this that you want to call?
Um, my ex-girlfriend Cindy.
What do you mean by your ex-girlfriend?
I got a new girlfriend.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
What's the number?
Okay.
No, 432.
Don't say it again.
Oh, I dialed a wrong number.
I can't believe I did that.
Okay.
Probably didn't get the beep shot that time.
That's the way it goes.
It's a 21 till nine on Zeta 4.
Are we going to be waking somebody up?
Hello.
Cindy?
Yes.
Are you awake?
I'm on one of the lines waiting to talk to your neal.
Oh, really?
Are you really?
Yes.
You're on one of the other lines?
Uh-huh, one hole.
Well, 30 minutes.
Wasn't this exciting?
We're on the air right now on this line.
I know.
Can you believe it?
I know.
It must be a psychic thing, huh?
What is he saying about me down there?
He didn't say much of anything yet.
He said you were his ex-girlfriend?
I know.
Just make sure he keeps everything clean.
Oh, well, there wasn't anything good.
Remember when we were talking about last night, Cindy?
What?
You know.
Now, wait a minute.
This is a radio show.
Okay, don't go into anything dirty now.
Okay?
I mean, not like dirty, but like too personal.
Cindy, we're a lot of other people sick today.
Yeah, a lot of people.
Just sharn home sick yet.
Yeah, everybody sick.
Every- all the seniors got sick today at Cooper City High.
Well, it's about time.
They've been threatening to do this for a long time, haven't they?
Like the day we were going to do the bathing suit contest out here.
We got shine.
I tell you, we got some Cindy's got a body.
We should have her right here.
And she should just-
Cindy, you oughta come out here and sit on the bird's lap
and come him down a little bit, honey.
Too heavy for the bird's lap.
You're too heavy.
How much do you weigh?
Like 140.
140.
I know.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
How does typical girls just think of all of this?
She weighs about 100 pounds.
Yeah.
She's got like carrying carpenter syndrome.
No.
You're one of those.
Uh-huh.
We have to warn you about Alan.
What about him?
He has a problem with his clothing.
With his clothing?
Yeah, he never-
He seems like he can't keep it on.
Yeah, but-
He's always pulling down his pants when everybody's
he has to watch out.
He's always pulling down his pants, Cindy.
Yeah, but you're serious.
You have to talk to him about it.
He can't stop.
Really?
Like, moaning people?
Well, Cindy, I've never moonded anyone around.
What is that going to start, Alan?
Constantly.
Denny's.
He'll come to the big window of the Denny's and her moon.
Like all the old people sitting in there eating it.
You may have been a clock at night.
It's horrible.
They pass me the proper food.
I kind of like that, to be honest with you.
I think-
No, that was disgusting.
You can't say Harry Tuckers on the air, okay?
Alan, cut it out.
Well, listen, Cindy, the bird is just-
He's ready to give it up now.
He really is.
He's ready to go home and never come back.
Okay.
So, it's been nice talking to you.
It's been nice talking to you too.
And we'll see if we can't keep Alan's clothes on, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
That's enough.
Now, get-
Go back and sit down and be a nice boy and shut up.
It's an ITV 4-9 on Zeta 4.
Captain Davis already has a red-end.
I'm ready to left the building.
I can't say that I blame him.
I'm right behind him, I think.
We'll take over.
I'll blame him.
Yeah.
Let me say it one more time.
Okay, Alan?
Coulette?
Relax.
Eddie's.
Sit on Mark's lap there.
Do something exciting.
Okay, I'll watch.
All right, now where are we going?
I guess we just pick a line.
He didn't write it on the thing there.
Okay, we do have an open line in Broward, by the way.
It's 777-9-3600.
Dade County, hello.
Stand, speak to us.
Come on.
How you doing, guys?
The reference to the gentleman who asked why the kids today looked so much older than they
did in the 60s.
Yeah, I'm so glad he asked that question.
You know, you didn't know.
I think the answer is that they get a lot more sex than we have in the 60s.
That is much earlier age.
No question about that.
Believe you, me, sir.
Let me tell you.
All right, the language or the connectivity.
It's not an age of the body.
It stimulates the hormones, huh?
How far from here on Sunday?
What time does that cross-war start?
You can't say that, sir.
You can't say that.
Oh, geez.
I hope there's nobody from England listening now.
I just two words, you know.
10 AM, sir.
10 AM, yeah.
May I address the birds for one second?
Go right ahead, please.
Try to bring them back to reality, sir.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Are you there?
Yeah.
I just read a review magazine on Blue Velvet.
Oh, yeah.
I'm off your side.
Yes, I did.
It was rated the best trailer of last year.
And it was the second year that Roy Overson had no knowledge of his song being used.
He's an add-in-tristan.
Incredible.
Yeah.
Did you see the movie, sir?
Oh, yes.
What do you think of it?
I thought it was great.
I can barely hear you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it was great.
But it was fantastic.
You know, many times.
I thought it sucked, OK?
And one other thing, you didn't.
Well, you didn't.
Hmm?
Go ahead.
Do you have hair?
Do I have hair?
He's got a few of me.
Yeah.
Oh, OK.
No, because I've never seen you.
I'm just trying to fit the face to the voice, you know.
Oh, well, don't try to do that.
Waste of time.
Yeah.
OK.
Just look at the comics at Tweety Birds,
so you'll have it all down perfectly, OK?
I see.
OK?
Is he yellow?
Yeah.
OK.
See you later.
844, Isaiah 4.
He has never come back, Hazzy in there.
What is that all about?
It's no accident, you know.
He just left and he's not coming back.
It's no accident.
Suppose like the delay went out,
or suppose something happened
and they're supposed to some gizmo malfunction.
It'll be all right.
Are you sure?
No.
This is the longest he's left us alone for a very long time.
No, you know that's no accident.
I keep saying.
Where the hell did he go now?
I should have known.
I know.
I should have known it was so quiet in here.
Just let it go.
OK.
We'll just do the show by ourselves.
OK?
Broward County.
Hello.
Hi.
My name is Audrey, and I just want to tell you how great I think you are.
Thank you, Audrey.
Where are you calling from?
From Broward County.
Fort Lauderdale.
One of our favorite cities in there.
Where those brown shirts rain supreme.
Listen, I got a BCC, but I still like you anyway.
Well, that's OK.
There are a few good people at BCC, but I don't know what the problem is over there.
You think there's something funny in the water?
I think so.
Yeah, could be.
I mean, anybody who's listening to Joey desperately needs some help.
Definitely.
OK, Audrey.
It's nice hearing from you.
And spread the word over there.
Tell them to get where the town to come into the real world.
OK?
I will.
OK, Audrey.
Bye-bye.
Now, what's that nice?
Somebody from BCC trying to soothe our wounds after we've been put in our place.
Or that scientific poll at BCC.
What's just happened to show up on GTR the other day, OK?
Where they were hermene and McQueen.
Where number I'm already in McQueen.
Where number one over there at BCC.
It just happened to show up on her station.
Hmm.
Interesting.
845 on Zeta 4.
He's still a...
There he comes back from a long chat with somebody.
Check if you've been eating.
You've been eating Captain Dave?
No.
I just...
No?
Like, what are you doing?
Chewing your cut?
Hmm.
I was talking to some of the sales-intensive people.
What'd they say?
Hmm.
Just, you know, shooting the bull.
Yeah.
Well, it's a good time to do it.
Oh, you're back?
Oh, gee.
Just make a big announcement.
Would you please, Alan?
Where are we going next, Captain Dave?
We've gone through several calls since you've been going.
Sorry.
That's OK. You have no idea.
Number three.
Dave County.
Hello.
Hello there.
How you doing?
OK.
Glad.
Yes, sir.
I got a little assignment for your two little friends in there.
Good.
They can go in the back room and start copying tapes for you.
Great.
I can give them something to do.
That's true.
I don't show that they're really dedicated,
and they'll also get them out of your hair.
Yeah, that is a thought of it.
That's a great idea.
Yeah.
Thanks.
All right.
Talk to you later.
OK, thanks a lot.
The problem with Alan is that I would like to be able to have Alan, you know,
like sitting real close here and just be quiet, like stuff something in his mouth to shut him up.
Mm-hmm.
But unfortunately, I don't think it's possible.
See, in life, there are all these checks and balances.
Nothing is ever perfect.
There's always some defect, some flaw.
I know why you're sick now.
Why is that?
Look the air came in right above you.
Yeah, there's that schmutz.
I think I had a suit, don't you?
We all have a suit as company because there's as best dose.
As best as fibers filtering down from the AC up there and it I really do begin.
I think it's having an effect.
I'm serial.
Yeah, I think I'm getting like some kind of among disease from the Legionnaires disease.
Yeah, right.
Lawrence airs disease or something from the filter up there.
It's a duck disease.
So let's have a class action suit against Guy Ganon, OK?
We'll talk to Govartsen about it.
We'll come to Martin, Martin, Martin, Martin, Martin, Arlene Ross.
Yeah, Arlene Gross.
OK, we have a look at that couple of open lines for the first time all morning, boys and girls.
Just write that down in your little diarrhea.
The number of date, counting a 620, 3600 and a brown, 779, 3600.
And next we go to Margate 6.
He is eating in there, isn't he?
He's just stuffing, just shoveling it down.
Whatever the hell it is.
Must be good.
Hello, Margate.
Hello, Neil.
First time calling.
This is Craig.
How you doing?
Craig.
Yeah, Craig.
Just got back in town from a few years at the University of Maryland.
Oh, yeah, boy.
That must have been great, Craig.
Yeah, it was a little fun.
And that's when I love you, show them, man.
Things have changed since I've been gone.
Yeah, things have changed a lot.
When did you get back?
About two weeks ago.
Oh, yeah, boy.
I got two complaints.
I don't want to like that.
OK, Craig.
I'll come, people driving down here are so terrible.
And how come major counter-dact like spring steam and stuff like that do not come down here?
For the same reason.
Like what's that?
Because it's a mung-brained town, Craig.
Is it?
Listen, I have a brother here on the line.
He wants to tear a valla.
And now he's going to BCC.
And what's up with that, Neil?
Hey, he's got a BCC.
BCC.
What?
I said, I go there.
It's not that bad.
OK, when you're our second BCC caller, OK?
Yeah, I went to JP-10L before that too.
Oh, yeah, that answers a lot of questions for us here.
That explains a lot.
OK, well, I'm glad you fought your way out.
Oh, God.
Does this answer many of our questions this morning this morning?
Yeah, you've really explained a lot to us.
Yeah, I think you've come that a lot.
Yeah, OK.
Well, listen, it's good hearing from you guys.
You heard me go, what's wrong?
OK.
You heard me.
See you guys later.
OK.
Thank you, Neil.
Thank you, Neil.
OK.
Bye.
Good, babe.
Now does that answer everything you wanted to know about BCC, but were embarrassed to ask?
In one fell swoop.
Oh, my God, boy.
Ask for an initial, and you got it.
OK.
I've been asking for it, but not getting it.
Oh, yeah, ma'am.
Well, there's a new finding and a poll of children's bathtub behavior.
So many polls going on.
Mm-hmm.
Now, this survey shows that most youngsters watch their hair first,
and then they bathe with a wide variety of playthings.
Now, these range from the traditional rubber ducky to plastic dinosaurs.
This is out of the Electric Company magazine, you know what he's still talking?
Oh, excuse me.
Go ahead.
Go back.
Come on.
Now, let's not crap out on the news here.
Oh, I didn't want to, you know, get it away.
It's your turn.
I'll let you know when to stop.
Oh, all right.
Are you sure now?
You want me to do it now?
I mean, you may have something to talk about.
You know, I don't want to, uh,
and I don't want to get in the way here.
I think is the way you were looking for it.
Let's go ahead.
Electric Company.
Go.
I said, come on.
Go ahead.
Come on.
I don't be a good sport now.
Now.
Electric Company magazine.
Hold 5,000 of its readers, eight, six to nine,
to get these bathtub insights.
80% report they enjoy baths,
especially bubble baths,
and most said they washed behind their ears.
Now, these guys were like, what, 30, 35?
Between six and nine.
Well, I see.
NASA says it has confirmed that the Earth's ozone shield
is measurably thinning.
All right.
Space Agency says a 17-month study by more than 100 scientists
show that the, uh, the, uh,
the, uh, carbon's used in refrigeration and cleaning fluids
on the culprit.
Come on.
Oh, I have to say it.
Yeah.
That's a flora-carb carbon.
Yeah, I did it.
That was very good.
That was great.
That was excellent.
That's the culprit.
You know why they're thinning out, though?
You can't, Dave's been inhaling them, but usually.
And Miami Vice star, Don Johnson.
The straw is hyphenate.
Now, that's a Hollywood word.
Because someone who, he's hyphenate,
that's a Hollywood word for someone who's multi-talented.
How, how are we spelling that?
H-Y-P-H-E-N-A-T-E.
How would you say that?
Hyphenate.
Hyphenate.
Hyphenate.
Oh, I left out the pee.
You left out the H.
Oh.
He's working on a show called Flipside,
which is a pilot for NBC.
Then he's going to do an album for CBS.
And, uh, and of course, they're still Miami Vice.
At least today.
Isn't that what Alan said in back of the movie theater last night?
I left out the goal.
Yeah.
It's sunny and cool today.
High about 66.
Love night 49.
47 degrees this morning.
Are you positive now?
Yeah.
I'm, I'm, uh, yeah.
Positive.
Does that have a feeling this temperature thing could be getting away from us this morning?
Like the show?
Oh my god.
You mean sort of like the show?
Wrap tracks 24 hours a day.
976, 7979.
Wrap line, just 50 cents.
55 degrees.
Yeah, you were only eight degrees off.
I don't believe her.
I had the sinking feeling that you could be a little bit off.
Oh yeah, sure the sun is shining.
How could it be 47?
Okay.
55 on Zeta 4.
I think you just set a record, by the way, for, uh, now this is exciting for inaccuracy.
All right.
Well, this has been our goal.
You haven't been, you haven't been excused though.
You're questioning that lady's veracity.
Again.
Zeta 4.
Hey, Gary Lawrence, by the way, at the 853.
It's eight.
I mentioned that in passing.
53.
855 on Zeta 4.
What was that?
Oh, that's you now this time.
Shame on you.
I've lost it.
You totally have to.
I was just wondering, you think that shirt is big enough for Alan?
You could make a pup tent out of that for crying out loud.
Now, you know he's over here telling me what news story is to run.
Oh, is he?
Yeah.
Is he now the news director?
Yeah.
Tell me what to do.
Here's a good spot for Alan.
Get fresh at Fatsos.
I like it.
Seriously, couldn't you make a pup tent out of that shirt?
I can't believe it.
Get some new material.
Fresh pastas, big salads, famous Fatsos sandwiches, and fresh fish.
I've taken North Miami by store mix and match Fatsos, delectable pastas with one of their freshly prepared sauces.
And that includes a Fatsos house salad and delicious homemade garlic bread.
Well, I almost feel like they are here right now.
Remember a few days ago they were here with a good stuff.
Try one of their five gourmet pastas and top it off with your choice of Fatsos homemade sauces like tomato, meat, Alfredo oil and garlic and herb butter and cheese.
An incredible selection for only five and a half bucks per person.
Or if you'd rather you can try two pastas with two sauces for just five ninety five.
And for only ninety nine cents, you get a second serving of pasta.
It's unbelievable.
Check into a Fatsos daily special with lunches starting in only three ninety five.
And dinner specials beginning at only four ninety five.
Fatsos has it all from incredible homemade soups, discrumpcious desserts, and it's all served in a fun casual atmosphere.
A Fatsos is open Tuesday through Sunday at twenty two twenty four north east to hundred twenty third street in the San Suci Plaza.
And for fantastic takeout call Fatsos at eight nine three seventeen eighty seven.
What's that number again?
That's eight nine three seventeen eighty seven.
And for those of you on the West Coast, it's eight nine three seventeen eighty seven.
I'm really proud of myself. I restrain that cough all the way until the end there.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a eight fifty eight.
What is this?
I'm telling you seriously, there is a serious like a little mental defect.
I mean, he's got an awful lot to work with here, doesn't he?
But if we just could like maybe beating with a baseball bat or something, you know what I mean?
Is anybody ever suggested that?
That maybe if they just hit you in the right spot, you just you would shape up and you'd be like perfect.
Yeah, I know it actually suggests.
I guess like anybody that looks that good is gotta be there's gotta be something very wrong somewhere else.
You know what I mean?
I think we're learning that.
Yeah, like on the inside.
So here's a good lesson.
All you young people listening, they don't let that exterior beauty con you.
Okay?
Because on the inside generally the better people look on the outside, the more screwed up they are on the inside.
Right, Alan?
Yeah.
Okay.
A59WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beach is.
I think many people have had the experience where they met either a great looking young woman or a great looking guy
and they got into relationship and found out that it's definitely what's inside that counts.
Yeah, that's what I was headed for.
Now keep your pants on.
Would you please?
She said it was right man.
He, he, I'm telling you, he's incorrigible.
So many came in here, he started taking clothes off and he's got this shirt on.
It's like 16 sizes too large.
It's not 16.
This is men's small.
A man's small?
It's just maybe.
It's just supposed to be big.
Yeah, that's a man's small, like I'm a man's small, okay?
Anyway, it's a59 and we're going to go back take some calls.
We apologize for the fact that the show has been hijacked this morning by a group of Cooper City terrorists.
You know, it's 9 o'clock.
I bet you they have stuff they got to do today.
You know.
You guys have a busy day today, don't you?
Yeah, we never mind.
You said that it's 9 o'clock and he bets that you guys have a lot of stuff to do today.
Got busy day to day.
He said you got to take a test later and you may want to like look over that before you take the test or.
He's got it.
He's got all his numbers straightened up.
And what was this about the John Holmes Film Festival?
Yeah, Saturday night in memory of Johnny Holmes.
We're going to have Johnny Holmes Film Festival at your house.
And your parents know that you're looking at these disgusting perverted pornographic films.
I'll probably get the films from my dad.
Okay.
9 o'clock.
See that answers it all, doesn't it?
It's a 80's kid.
Yes, it's the 80's.
He's parents.
Oh, geez.
I don't know.
I don't think I can continue with the show, you know.
Now I got some stuff to do back in the office.
I wonder what I want to grab the office.
I wonder what else that brings home for them.
Yeah, I get a lot of work to do back in the programming office.
Me too.
I got to go work on my throat, you know, my cold.
Yeah.
I got to go gargle and do all of that stuff.
So maybe we'll just kind of like take off now.
Family, these guys sitting here wondering what they ought to do.
Wouldn't that be fun?
I noticed that Rose hasn't come anywhere near the studio this morning.
You can notice that?
Now there's something to think about.
That is unusual.
I wonder what that means.
He's been in the production room doing some work.
Now here's a great postcard.
I'm glad he finally did something useful after messing around enough just by accident.
Here's a card we got from Beaumont, Texas.
And it says Neil have a neat little spot to take Ed or stay out to eat.
Let's have a bit more from Ed.
I like that.
And this is from Thorntons.
Trucks, not Thorntons, but Thorntons.
Trucks stop diner in Beaumont, Texas.
And on the front of the postcard, it's got a picture.
I remember I used to talk about the white soup at a red soup.
Well, this is on the right.
It looks like something that you would feed the cattle in this bowl.
Only this is for people.
And the bowl in the left, it looks like how it looked when it came out.
Oh, my God.
That's kind of an advertising card.
Just look at that and think about that for a second.
Not.
They don't have places called Thorntons, but they just misspell it.
Linda's kin, I guess, were in that place.
Okay, where are we taking our next call?
I got a Gator fan on one.
Wow, geez.
Hello.
I'm there.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
I just want to congratulate your guests for picking the right college program to attend.
Yes, yes.
You know what they say?
If you can pick your nose, you can pick the University of Florida.
It will be great for them to actually get a little football stadium in C75,000 fans.
Yeah.
We've been during a media overseas and when the national champs can only draw 30,000 to their home game.
75,000 fans who have nothing else to do.
That's correct.
They all say they draw a thousand fans to their basketball games.
Yeah.
And you know what?
They have every excuse for not attending the sport event.
Yeah, but I understand that they pay them off to show up.
Is that true?
They probably have to pay those thousand fans to watch that basketball game.
I would think so.
The UM student's idea of being a good sports fan is to put a bumper sticker on their car.
That's their idea.
Yes, they have support, but I'll tell you something.
There's nothing better than being a gator.
For university, my UM is they have one soul in life only to be a gator hater.
They don't support their team.
They just hate to gator.
Oh, no, they don't support anything in this town.
Is that unusual?
Why should UM students be any different from anybody else here?
No, it is.
They just live with an inferiority complex because when the gators come to Miami, they're more gator fans in the stadium than Miami fans.
This is true, right?
That's true.
Congratulations, you're going to a real college with a real educational program and a great sports program.
I hope it shapes them up.
I'll tell you that.
Neo-Faker, I do love your program.
Thank you.
Okay.
He's a browner punter.
Now he's telling you what calls to take.
He told me what news stories do run.
All right, Alan, come over here.
I want you to punch up here.
You might as well take over the show.
All right, now which line do you want to go to?
Okay.
Let's start with this one.
Yeah.
Line six and brown.
Okay, now punch up the speaker punts.
Okay, I'll just go to the studio where it says on.
Yeah, okay.
Go ahead.
Go on.
Good morning.
See you at 4.
Hi, is this Neil?
No, this is Alan.
I've taken over.
No.
Yep.
He was just on.
Where is he?
He left the room and I've taken over.
We're no fun.
What can we do for you, man?
I got the paper on the way to work, which I very early day, you know, from one of those men that sell him on the street.
Uh-huh.
Or guys out there in the cold this morning.
I know about those men that sell it on the street, yeah.
Yeah, so, uh, while I was stopping up the lights, you know, I was reading the front page.
And I haven't heard about this for a long time.
It's losing ozone.
You know, the ozone layer.
Yeah, it's slipping away from us right?
Yeah, and, uh, it's gotten really bad.
Well, it's all America's faults because it's those deodorants and those aerosols that we use.
Right.
Well, not only that, but that was my point.
I mean, here we are with our presidential leaders in a, you know, a, uh, a time like we're in now.
And they're worried about building bigger bombs and this and that when they should be worried about.
How about the ozone layer, yeah?
Yeah, not only that, but maybe our water, you know, looking around out of water eventually one day or the sun's going to burn out.
I mean, that's a lot longer, but, you know, I mean, we've already got a nuclear bomb.
Yeah, I think I'm going to go outside on the front lawn here at the station and wait for the sun to burn out.
Now, well, that was the last thing, but, you know, it's still these nuclear bombs.
Why is the government spending all this money on trying to build bigger bombs to, you know, compete with Russia?
When we already have their fault to do this stuff.
Well, we did certainly is something to think about it.
Now, why did you punch up that line, Alan? Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
I feel so bad now. I'm sorry. I bet there's a big city call in there somewhere.
Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay. We have it.
Yes. I wonder how he knows that, you know, it's interesting.
We do have an open line in Broward, 779-3600. That was Alan's contribution to the show, by the way, that call.
No, you can't go on that.
No, I can't take credit for that. I'm serious.
I'm taking him home after the show and I'm going to just beat him to a pulp.
I'm going to just whip him into shape because he's got so much potential as a human being.
You know, it's like if you were to, if you had a manufacturer like Frankenstein, you're going to put a human being together.
And he's got so many of the right parts in the right places.
But unfortunately, there are a few screws missing, you know, a few of us several.
Many.
Now, punch up another call like that, Alan. You could have the, not now, we've got to do the weather now.
Okay, is that, do we have your permission to do the weather?
Yeah, go ahead, do the weather.
And a little break. Now, maybe you want to throw this in a waste bastard after the haul.
Handle it very carefully because you saw what I put in there, okay?
Exactly. Okay, one, do the weather real quick while I got him out of here.
Sonny and cool. Hi, about 66 today.
Hey, load it out to be 49 and it's 55 degrees this morning on zero four.
Yes, it is, as a matter of fact.
And it's almost seven after nine.
Is what?
Is who nice?
Is Stan's wife nice?
Stan's wife is very nice. Yes.
Are we back on here? Eight minutes after nine on Zeta four.
And what a great day to be out of Calder today.
Hunk, a little sunshine. Sit up there on a roof.
It's quiet out there.
Yeah, it's nice and quiet and peaceful.
If you're actually a syndrome.
Mm-hmm. That sounds good to me.
Yeah, get away from all the hassle and noise and distractions.
Chaos.
Yeah, hysteria.
Now, tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day and tomorrow, March 17th is St. Patrick's Day, isn't it?
Yeah, I just want to make sure I had the right day.
Calder is giving free, for-leaf clover key rings to all full-paid admissions while it supplies last.
So you can celebrate St. Patrick's Day out there with a big key ring and a big plunge.
I've called her.
Well, what a hunch bed if there are any horses like Aaron's Dunlowe or any other Irish names tomorrow.
I would just go out there and plunge everything.
I would, you know, like mortgage the house and go plunge your brains out.
And then when you lose, don't play, Moss.
It's just, you know, a cute idea.
But Calder's a fun place to go.
And of course, the food is great all over the track.
The best food I dare say at any of the periton plants in South Florida, which may not be important to some,
but to me is very important, especially those great deli sandwiches that Martha makes with loving care up on the fourth floor in a clubhouse.
Okay, say hi to Martha and she'll give you a good bus right in the mouth.
Anyway, you get out to Calder daily Tuesday through Sunday for outstanding Thurberd racing.
Post time is 1 p.m. Okay?
Okay.
Now they have quieted on considerably now, right?
Since I threatened to take Alan home and tie him up in ropes, although I think he might like that.
Anybody who watches John Holmes can't be all right.
Nine minutes past nine on Zeta 4.
And our next call Captain Davis from...
Oh, Perine, number two.
Oh, how depressing. From Perine, hello.
I don't want to depress you now.
Now Perine is kind of a interesting place, isn't it?
Yeah, well, it's interesting.
Well, does Jamaica Queens count?
Jamaica Queens.
Yeah, I know some of them, yeah.
Does it count for what?
For being from New York.
No, that's New York City. That's Long Island.
That's the city.
That's why I asked if it count.
I have a Joey Reynolds story.
Okay.
I read a magazine in the doctors off the other day about two years old.
It had a story about him when he got fired in New York.
And he took off his shoes and nailed them to his program director's door.
Really?
And told his program director to try to fill those.
I wasn't sure.
I was wondering if Glenn had a substance to fill them with.
I think it may be on his postcard that we were just talking about
from Thornton's truck stop diners, sir.
Yeah, I think we can shovel that right in there.
Yeah.
So now that he's got his shoes gone,
what's he going to nail to the door when he leaves and she when he gets canned over there?
It's underwear, what else?
Yeah, that sounds like it.
Oh, it all you got left.
I wonder what they're going to fill that with.
It's already filled with something on here.
I'm sure that, especially after we seize those numbers every month.
Yeah, would you do me a big favor?
Oh, is this going to be a request?
No, just insult me and hang up.
Okay, you douchebag, get on him.
So, 11 after 9.
No, seriously, they are into SNM.
This is a frightening town.
People here like to be whipped and beaten and flagellated and spat upon and dumped on and shined.
And the whole works.
Yeah, this about 30 minutes ago, some guy called, asked something about the zoo.
And I said, you want to hold on?
He goes, no, could you hang up on me, Dave?
And I said, no, okay, he's a thug.
No, no, no, no.
He's just trying to hang up on me.
Boy, this is frightening, isn't it?
It sure is.
Hmm, hmm.
Something strange is going on in this town.
Okay, where do we go next?
Captain Dave?
Is he, now wait a minute, is he distracting you in there now?
No, I just, I noticed that Alan was sitting on your knee there for a second or two.
We have a BCCer on five.
Oh, come on, you got to be pulling our leg.
Nobody at BCC, listen to this show, do they?
No, I'm not a BCCer, I'm sorry, I just called a rag on him.
Okay.
I was just going to tell you that you almost beat leaders in scientific research because all the tests have proven that drugs don't damage brain cells, but BCC is obviously proven that wrong.
Yeah, that's for sure, mm-hmm.
And I figured the people who want us and their kids to BCC, but actually have a little bit of money, just send them up state to Gainesville.
Yeah, there you go.
Now you're talking, now this guy's a romantic on my own heart.
That's the way it is, you know, but I went down to a Zuba in Miami, so that's pretty rough.
To where?
To Zuba, tap Israel, half Cuba.
Oh, that's really cute, wasn't that cute?
I went there, I know how it goes.
Okay.
Is it kind of a survey that came out that showed a sperm in McQueen as number one?
Yeah.
And they're kind of like Russia doing a survey too, you know.
All the people we pull, they love Russia and they want to stay here the rest of their life.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you guys play too much music, could you like, you know, talk to them openly?
Okay.
I really appreciate it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, bye-bye.
Yeah, we do play too much music.
What would we play one today, I think?
I think, foreigner.
Yeah, that's probably a little bit too much.
And a little piece of another one, you want to play?
Yeah.
You do this?
All right.
6.18 on Zeta 4.
That's our new format.
That's the Waltz time.
Waltz, who?
Okay, where are we going next?
We have a super kitty from Cooper City on four.
Super kitty from Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Who's this?
Who is this?
This is Bernadette, not from Cooper City.
Bernadette.
Hey, the four tops did a song about you, honey?
I know, I know, I heard about that.
I bet you did.
I'm President Tara, okay.
And I graduated from Cooper City.
My brother still goes there.
And I'm calling to defend BCC.
Oh.
And we are not terrible.
And I don't know who this person is and where they got their information.
But it's just not true.
I mean, I don't, I mean, if it's from some obscure magazine or newspaper.
So in other words, you did not get pulled at BCC.
Oh, nobody did.
None of my friends have gotten pulled.
They talked to them.
They don't know what this guy is talking about.
It's all, I think it's all a sperm and a McQueen conspiracy.
That's when I want to put an end to it.
I mean, we're not all terrible.
Like I said, we like the kids at BCC.
We think they're pretty hip.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Do you know what Bernadette?
No, actually, maybe I do.
What's your brother?
Maybe I know a brother.
What, was that a simple question that I asked him?
Do you know Bernadette?
I was going to do it, yes.
I know.
Did it require like a monologue, like a 40-minute Bob Lassard or monologue response?
I thought it just a yes or no would have been adequate.
Do you want to try one more line, Alan?
I'll give you one more chance, okay?
I don't know if I'm a Cooper City.
I checked all the lines.
Oh, he's in there checking the lines.
Isn't that nice?
What are you doing?
Screening the calls now, too?
Probably taking phone numbers, too, aren't you?
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay.
Anytime, Alan.
Who's paper or what have you?
What'd you say?
I say anything that's, I mean, in other words,
it seems to me like this girl.
This guy.
Wait, wait, wait.
Right?
Yeah.
There's something in, you know, today's news about the ozone loss.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think the point was, today, I was fine.
I'm sorry, Alan.
It's just a lady in that regard to, you know,
this guy has a little myth about us hanging up on a girl.
I was trying to tell him that she was like, you know,
Oh, you just wait a minute.
The guy's got something to say here.
Okay, let's just let him.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Sarah.
Sarah.
Yes.
Is that it?
Yeah, all I was saying was that, you know,
a little while ago, I was listening to a girl that was talking about
something in today's paper.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like massive study fears, global severe.
Yeah, we know what it says.
Ozone layer.
Okay.
And I think you were just, you know, comparing that to our nuclear buildup.
In other words, why is the government?
You notice Alan pushed this call to you.
Oh, yeah.
Every call.
You know, put more of this on nuclear arms and paying attention to something
that's perhaps a little bit more relevant.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, hi, we kind of told the verb, I had my arrow.
Yeah, that's right.
I kind of, yeah, I was with my friend here and I wanted him to call up to find out why he called up on it.
This is my new spot, I'm going to call him.
I called him a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See, that was, that was a bunch of what just happened to these guys that something fly up a strange spot or something.
I mean, it wasn't that funny, guys.
What's that?
He first he called and he was wanting to know why we hung up.
Yeah.
And I said, I was just set up called and you hear that?
But I was like saying, I think I know your political inclinations and whether you agreed with her or not, she made her point and kept going on.
And first of all, we don't discuss.
That's what something's only showed.
It's not this kind of show and any idiot that would call in the middle of fun and games here that we do.
And talk about nuclear weapons in the ozone layer.
It's got to be a total douchebag, okay?
He was like, he talked to me for a couple of minutes and then she came back on.
So that's sorry.
And he punched up that call.
We're all gonna be destroyed in any way.
We punched up both of the disaster.
It was the same person on both calls.
One thing I'll say for you, Ali, you're consistent.
And never trust guys that think a lot outside the movie theater.
Trust what I always say.
Never, never years.
Oh, God.
And that's two serious subjects we've had.
Nuclear bombs and the gators.
I think that's enough for today.
We got a lot of stuff on us and we can't handle the pressure.
We got enough pressure inside here already.
We've got these maniacs running around here like taking over the whole show.
Oh, you hear that?
It's nice and quiet.
918 on Zeta 4.
Next call is my Emmy.
Hello.
Hi.
I need to make this best in my work.
Okay.
At a hell of a show.
Yeah.
And I'm surprised Alan isn't raping every girl in the building.
Is it now?
That's a terrible thing to say.
Alan isn't raping.
I know.
Isn't raping every girl in the building?
You said you're surprised.
I went out with an assclat.
In other words, are you saying Alan is like a butterfly and heat?
Yep, that's it.
Oh, my God.
Greg.
You know Greg?
Oh, my God.
He said.
Oh, no.
Guys.
Guys.
Try to control yourself.
They're falling to pieces, sir.
They're going to pieces.
I know.
The marks come, but Alan.
Yeah, Mark's comment till Alan starts tickling him or something.
And then he starts getting hysterical.
Okay, he starts going bananas.
What is that?
I'm doing a hell of a job putting up with him.
You can say that again now.
He was even attacking me a little while ago.
It was exciting, but then he ran out of here.
Okay, thanks a lot, Greg.
It's all right.
Bye.
Clock.
19 past nine.
And time to do a spot.
Okay, that would shut these guys up on it.
Maybe.
All the lines are flashing.
They're going frantically there.
And that's the last one you punch up, by the way, on your through as a button pusher.
Your career.
Your career was very short.
Well, I could tell you what to do with that finger, but you get upset.
Hey, listen, here's finally a gourmet shop that has every kind of pasta that's ever been invented.
And some of you have never even heard of before.
Like that great red pepper pasta that we enjoyed so much with the meat sauce sauce.
Pasta abilities featuring all natural homemade pasta and sauces in plain and exotic flavors for the discriminating palate.
Pasta abilities, pasta's made fresh every day with no salt, no additives, no preservatives.
Choose your favorite pasta from the classics, long pasta, filled pasta, exotic pasta and fresh pasta salads.
Man, we got enough pasta on this show to feed all of Italy for 20 years.
Pasta ability also carries gourmet food items from all over the world like spinach pancakes, Florida fudge cakes, spices, herbs,
and for all you upstate New Yorkers, the famous Gufala mozzarella.
The pasta abilities are endless and they can set you up with fantastic gift baskets.
They do great catering work.
And they also have fully prepared dinners.
Pasta abilities are strictly takeout, but you can stop by pick one of those dinners up on a way home and in just four minutes.
You've got a delicious dinner already prepared.
Pasta abilities has two locations.
They're in North Miami at 175th in Biscayne and in Fort Lauderdale at the Lauderdale Harbor Shopping Center on 17th Street.
In date, call 94 pasta and a Broward called 462-2992.
You stop by and tell them Neil Rogers sent you by to Pasta abilities.
What was that? Was that a finger I just saw behind Allen's wide shirt? I can't see, but that's okay.
That's okay. You can stand in front of the window. We're just doing a radio show here.
Why don't you get a little bigger shirt, Allen? Come on.
It's a 923 on Zeta 4 and the, I'd like one of those oranges would be great.
Why don't you go see if you can't find a knife? No, see Allen. You got to find a knife.
Oh, you have the thing? Okay, Allen.
I'll take this in the other room and have captain anything to get him out of here.
Okay, for just a minute or two, 23 after 9 on Zeta 4.
And our next call is...
A chain fan on one.
Oh, great. My favorite caller is Hello.
Hey, Neil, this is Mike from UM. How you doing? Okay, Mike.
I just had to defend the University of Miami a little bit.
Oh, wait a minute. You mean Hurricanes? I thought it meant Steve Kane.
I knew it had to be a mistake.
Just a joke. Just a little joke.
I mean, we've only got 8,000 undergrads with students here.
We put 32,000 in the orange bowl. That's not really a bad record.
That's the rest of the community that doesn't support anything, not just the university.
Oh, that's true.
It's the rest of this lame town. This brain dead town that supports nothing.
Oh, that lung brain caller, you know, harpanon, the University of Florida.
I mean, what's there? I know right?
Your little buddy wants to go there to the farm animals, you know?
Is that... Oh, yeah, did you hear that, Allen?
He said you want to go there because it was farm at.
He has a sheepish look on his face, sir.
He did that, though.
Oh.
Can you tell you what to mean?
And I think he's serious. That's the frightening part.
Let's not get into that, sir, okay?
No, no, no, no.
It's all Greek to me.
Sir, I'm not corrupting anybody.
First of all, they came in here of their own free will.
Oh, thank you so much, Allen.
Boy, Allen just gave me what I wanted here.
I don't know.
Yeah, I know. Now we're in big trouble, right?
I don't think he did a very good job on his soul, because it's not...
I'm going to borrow.
These are tough oranges, man.
We do, but we're going to be like crazy.
Yeah, this is like...
Tell me, John Wattland's Allen's expression when you play that Sprite Boy spot.
About vanity?
He was busy while we were playing that.
I can't tell you what he was doing, okay?
I kind of figured he'd be starving at the mouth.
Well, even worse than that.
Why?
He was starving, all right, but it wasn't at the mouth.
Well, listen, have a great day.
You too.
At a good life, and don't let those geters get you down, okay?
But you're not...
You can receive a good education from that school.
But I mean, all this hype about our...
Oh, yeah.
There's a bunch of redneck douchebags, that's all.
It's all bunch of beer.
Okay. All right, thank you, buddy.
Okay.
Yeah, when you get a BS from a university of Florida,
really, it has great significance, you can try.
You take it liberally.
What are you going to do up there with all those redneck stuff there?
You're not going to be wearing that star-bite.
Yeah.
You're going to have to wear that under your shirt.
You're going to have to get rid of the New York accent.
Yeah, I have to get rid of the New York accent.
You have to be like a real redneck, okay?
Yeah, like the guy said, I think he was right.
You go out there and practice with the sheep for a couple of weeks.
It's 26 past nine on Zeta 4.
Where is our next pool coming from?
What was so funny?
I was just trying to open my mouth.
Oh, I see. Look at that.
He's just got a mouthful of orange in there.
He's just jamming the thing down his throat.
Now, you see, I don't exaggerate him.
All right, look at this guy.
He just picks up.
He's got a mouth and out of his mouth.
Yeah, he's just...
He's salivating all over the place.
His orange juice spitting and flying in an area direction.
He's just shoving it in.
Yeah, he just shovels it in.
Shovels it in.
Six from Hollywood.
Oh, I'm telling you, I am so sick.
What the hell am I doing here today?
I have no idea.
And if I would have known what a great day it was going to be.
And you notice who's walked out and just left us here?
You might as well sit down in his chair.
I think he's gone.
I think he's left us.
No problem.
I'll take over the bird's spot here.
No, I'm serious.
I think he's gone, don't you?
Yeah, I think the bird finally left.
It got smart.
He's the coupe.
I think he's wounded.
I think he gets very upset when people come in and disrupt the show.
I think he gets shot.
Wait a minute.
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
He wants some orange juice.
All you got to do is say one peep mark.
And you guys are history in here.
See?
You guys are history.
Just eat the orange and follow Captain Dave's guidance in there.
Just stuff your mouth and shut up.
Didn't say a word near.
Okay, no.
Well, you're the new sidekick now.
Well, if he's going to sit there and put headphones on.
So you can hear what's going on.
Don't put in near the microphone.
It'll feed back.
Okay, that's good.
That's excellent.
Can you hear anything?
I can hear everything.
Can you hear yourself now?
Yep.
It's a Brown Institute.
Yeah, welcome to the Brown Institute of Broadcasting, ladies and gentlemen.
We have all the amateurs in here.
All of would be human beings.
Future.
I like the way you're wearing those headsets out.
I hate to break the news to you, but it's got to go.
I know you don't want to mess up your beautiful hair.
It's too big.
It just won't fit over top of your head.
Oh, excuse me.
It's too small because he's bald.
Okay, okay, 28 past nine.
And let's go right along.
Let's pretend we didn't hear what he said.
I wanted to tell everybody to visit us tonight at the Cypress Creek Marriott, starting at six.
For happy hour prices, lots of delicious food.
We'll be giving away prizes like lunch for 10 at the Paradise Grill.
And it happens every Wednesday evening, including tonight at Kicks Lounge.
In the Marriott, just west of I-95 at the Cypress Creek.
Yeah, uh-huh.
You know, if he comes back in here, he is going to be just roaming at the beach.
You do realize that.
My bodyguard, Mark, will hold him back.
Yeah, I'm pumped.
Would you guys relax?
This isn't- this isn't thing done in school, okay?
How old are you, Alan?
17, 17, okay?
So in other words, you're like a young adult alleged, right?
Supposedly.
Okay, now can't you- I mean, you're playing with dolls and hear you guys.
And you're just like, can't you pretend like you're a little more mature?
These kids today are so immature.
That's the thing that gets to me.
I mean, they are having a lot of sex, but other than that, they're so immature.
Was it right?
There was a scene like this in Porquies, too, I think.
Something like that, yeah, and it's no accident.
They filmed it in Fort Lauderdale, right?
Right, close by Cooper City.
Yep.
If I'm Arlington.
Are we interrupting your lunch or something here or what?
Not at all.
Yeah, go ahead right ahead.
Okay, thank you so much.
You're still peeling here.
29, I can't get it open.
29 past nine, I'm Zeta 4.
Would you give me a line, please, so I can go on with a show.
Please, I'm begging you.
God, that's the f- I've heard that before.
I'm taking line two and six.
Okay, forget it, I'm just punching one up, I can't wait for you.
Hello.
Heal.
Yes.
How you doing today?
I don't know, sir, it's a chaotic year.
I'm out there.
Total chaos.
The bird is walked out on the show.
Captain Dave is jamming oranges down his throat, and he's two posthumous yaks from Cooper City
are just an incorrigible, sir.
I was released, so I heard, over the radio, the morning, that your transmenor was out.
Yeah.
I was on the way to work, I slipped over to Seat, and someone was calling Joey.
They called him four times in a row, and they were yelling at him.
We got right through again, with some matter, nobody's calling him.
It was going berserk.
Really?
That's funny.
It was great.
He was complaining that all of your callers were calling him.
Hey, listen, he should have been thankful, it's about time he had a few calls, right?
Exactly.
Hey, I read something yesterday in the paper about a guy out in California, Joe Frank.
You know anything about him?
No.
Who is he?
At this chokey.
I never heard him.
I got that article, I'll send you an about it, so I think it'd be interesting to do that.
Okay, no Barney Frank.
Yeah, no, this guy is...
I know Hal Frank.
It's, like, he's real Frank, yeah.
And Frank Sinatra, let's be Frank.
Okay, I'll send that into your needle.
Okay, thanks a lot.
See you later.
Thanks for the Azeta 4 Spy Report, too, by the way.
That's right.
9-31 on Azeta 4.
I'm getting really lost on this log, man, I tell you.
Why is that?
I'm just having to switch things around.
Well, that's a way, because he put together this hour all screwed up, you know,
he had like 17 live spots back to back and stuff like that.
And then he comes in here today, you see, he was dressed up like old Bret Black creature or something like, you see?
I'm serious, I have never seen anything in my life like him that rusted you, man.
He is not a rusted you.
He's a rusted you sense a humor that's incredible.
I got all the peel off of that, I can't open it.
That's like a mutilated apple.
I can't do anything here.
Go ahead, have a good time with the apple.
I'll pass.
What am I going to do with it?
It looks like a let it sit there.
An apple that's been affected by the lack of ozone in the air.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
And that's going to be our subject tomorrow, by the way, ladies and gentlemen.
The ozone, the ozone, the ozone layer.
We're going to get real depressed.
And we're going to ask everybody to get out there, aerosol cans, and we're going to destroy them all on the air as we speak,
as we do the show, we're all going to sacrifice our right guard and all the other ozone stuff.
Can I do the news?
Go ahead ahead.
I can.
Oh, wait a minute.
You know, he left.
He's not coming back.
I don't think I think he just got up and discussed and walked out.
I've never seen such an intemperate display.
Well, see, I can't do that.
I can leave for five minutes.
Yeah, but he just got up and walked out.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Go ahead.
All right.
Today in the news in the Illinois primary bush in Simon are the winners, bush in the Republican race in Simon in the Democratic race in Simon.
Simon's home state.
And the shame.
No, I don't distract him there.
Come on, Mark.
Get out of there and just let him do his thing.
Okay.
He was doing a fairly.
No, why don't you take some of the news stories that are like written out there.
Don't try to add a lib from the he's and living from the newspaper from the hero.
Start with these would be news people.
They know how to read out of the paper.
You already did the birthday.
Okay.
Well, that was a couple hours ago.
Yeah, that's see these are all used.
Let's see.
Is this the end of the news?
Yes.
Oh, we can see it again.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Let's go with the birthdays here.
There are.
If you don't read a story pretty soon now, I'm going to come over there and attack you.
In fact, even if you do read a news story, would you get with it?
That's the end of the news.
Okay.
What line do we go to next?
Two in my mouth.
The Ford Ford lottery.
These two, I'm telling you, the incorrigible twins.
You had your chance.
You blew it.
Okay.
Hello, Ford lottery.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Listen, I want to do me a favor.
Okay.
My husband is like, he's got to be your best fan and he's got so many people listening to you now.
It's not a request.
Now wait a minute.
This is better not be a request.
No, I just want to say I do it.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I literally all the time.
And I try to listen to you all the time, but every now and then I have to be running errands and stuff.
Won't split.
Yeah.
And he'll always ask me, and I, today goes by, he'll say, did you listen to Neil this morning and he'll come up with something that he said on your show or whatever.
But he's been listening to you for eight.
I don't have any fingernails.
I can't take it out.
Go ahead, I'll trust you.
Anyway, he thinks your show is great and so do I.
So do a lot of people.
He's got listening to you now.
Great.
I just want to say hi to him.
And I wanted to let you know that I think you have great show too.
What's his name?
Jim.
Just stick your finger in there.
I'm going to stick.
Oh, Alan.
Okay.
Listen, have a great day, Jim.
And you too.
Okay.
Thank you.
I just can't believe what he said.
It's 26 before 10.
I'm going to say this.
Peel it up.
Okay.
Great.
And so, juices.
I don't want to.
Oh, that would work good.
And look at all the juice in these oranges.
Don't let yourself out.
Yeah, if we get it in the board, let's get the tea lady back here.
She's an expert.
She can get all the juice in the board.
Just ram the whole thing in your mouth inside the door and.
Dave does.
Expert.
He oranges.
Yeah.
It's a 26 till 10.
We got another massacre.
I'm saying a four.
Who's that?
I shut off his mic momentarily to see if he can't control himself.
Okay.
This lady on one just called up.
She says, can you just put me on hold for a long time?
It's a shirt.
Really?
Okay, wait a minute.
Let me just check this out.
Okay.
Are you holding?
Yeah, I am.
Now, how come you want to be on hold for a long time?
Because I'm at work in a family way.
I can listen to the chef.
Great.
Okay.
Hold on.
Are you having a good time?
Great time.
Okay.
I wish you had a hold.
How old are you?
I'm 22.
Oh, God.
Are you married?
Am I married?
Yeah.
No, I'm engaged.
You're engaged.
Well, if you could be here, I tell you, you might break off your engagement if you could be here to see Alan, okay?
I don't know.
Cooper City?
Yeah, that's true.
I went to Nova.
He's a little too young for you anyway.
He's too young for you, but very experienced, he said.
It sounds like it.
No, he said.
I think a little too experienced.
You know how it starts getting to your brain after a while?
No.
Well, believe it.
Okay.
Hold on.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
She is.
That's terrific.
What we could do is get six people just to hold on.
And then we'd always have the, can you have your mic back on?
I'll be quiet.
Okay.
Just don't start talking about things like these lines you're coming up with again about stick your finger in there and look at this for a good time.
Call 76.
Say immediately, immediately.
This guy is one of the filthiest, one of the most worst degenerates.
And he's peeling that out of the paper too.
Now, what do they don't let you read the newspaper in your house?
We don't get it.
For a good time, call.
I didn't even say it.
It's the museum of art.
Okay.
I didn't say it.
Okay.
If you could read the words and not just the numbers, it would help a lot.
Good time.
What class are you in?
Like the third grade, did you say?
Uh-oh.
The first.
Okay. The first is back.
Get out of his chair.
Yeah.
Get out of here and take your garbage with you.
Get out.
Cut it out.
This is a radio show.
What do you think this is?
Look at this.
Yeah.
What a mess.
Get that chair out of there.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Woo.
Wow.
This is like a poor show.
That's showing them.
It's like a poor show.
Where'd you take off, you bird?
All right.
Now be quiet.
It's none of your damn business.
I'll sit down.
It's not a show.
It's gross.
It's like milvenine.
Okay.
Now what will you say?
It's time for a break.
It is.
It's trying to bring some...
Some...
Some of these Saturdays back here.
Some of these Saturdays back to the show.
This is Zeta 4, ladies and gentlemen.
The Neil Rogers show.
And it's 9.37.
Okay. Now everybody just relax.
It's 21 till 10.
The show is back on course.
Right?
Got 30 minutes to go.
Got a half an hour to go.
We've come back from the brink of disaster.
Like the Titanic rising in the sea.
Like a major...
Like the Phoenix.
River Phoenix rising from the ashes.
What's he doing?
He's playing with your thing again.
He threw it.
Anyone who throws this thing out.
Can he tell you to shut up?
Sit down.
Now.
Don't you think I would have made a good father?
What a great teacher.
You would have made Mr. Bird, Master in Discipline.
Well that was invigorating.
Wasn't that another John Holmes movie I think so?
Yeah.
Okay.
9.40 on Zeta 4.
And where are we going next?
I just...
I cannot believe the chaos that this show has turned into today.
Sunrise.
It seems like it was about what time it would start hanging about eight o'clock.
About eight o'clock.
Did you notice?
First two hours were fine.
Very calm and normal.
And just a little bit after eight o'clock it seems like everything has gone haywire here.
Okay now don't let me pick up one because she's holding on one.
She's listening to the show.
That was memorable.
I think that kind of made it.
What was that?
Well I was getting a little myself at that kind of...
You were getting what?
Hostel?
No not hostel.
Because these guys are just out of control and they have no respect for what we're doing here.
And are animals?
Is that what it is?
But the last five minutes kind of made up for it.
Oh you mean when I threw things at them?
Yeah.
I mean yelled at them.
From my viewpoint you got to realize like I can't see you glam and I couldn't see them.
All I can see was like things flying more as well.
That was classic.
It was great.
Even in her most dramatic performance, Joan Crawford never came close.
Never came even close to that.
Well I was looking for wire hangers and I now...
Scram those floors now.
You can strap yourself in here.
Yeah and that's if anybody needs to be strapped at night.
941 on say to 4 where we be going next.
Sunrise number 5.
As if it makes a different sunrise.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Hi.
How are you?
Oh please don't ask.
I just wanted to call and tell you I thoroughly enjoy your show.
I think you are fantastic.
Well you are certainly right about that.
Now how about the show this morning?
Are you able to handle this?
All this chaos?
I don't know.
I know it's pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No I think your show is great.
I listened to it usually from about 8.45 till 10 o'clock.
Every morning I used to listen to Joey.
I'm not a confess.
Oh my god.
About three or four months ago my husband came home and I was telling him about Joey and he said
no you have to listen to Neil Rogers.
You have to.
So I turned it on and ever since I've been hooked.
That's great.
Man he's right you have to.
It's not like optional or something.
Now what I'm curious about is what could you have been telling your husband about Joey?
Do you remember?
No it's been too long.
Yeah.
What could there be to tell about Joey?
I was surprised to find out his age.
Yeah me too.
140.
Didn't they ever had him?
I was surprised to find out Neil's age.
What's in?
146.
45.
Let's not push it.
I also wanted to say hi to my husband and his worker.
Okay.
I can't do that but.
Hi Rick and Terry.
Okay FCC regulations prohibit us from doing that.
Oh okay.
But you just did it.
I did.
Okay have an ice day.
Two.
Bye boy.
I don't think I'm going to make it.
17 till 10 on Zeta 4.
I know what you mean.
Although I do feel better than I did the beginning of the show.
Yeah do you sound a little more like I'm coming back to life?
You got some color.
You hear that Alan?
I'm coming back to life so you better watch yourself.
I've got two strong legs.
Yeah you think so huh?
When I catch up with him no one will ever see him again.
Hey where are we going?
Number six is Hollywood.
Hollywood my favorite town.
Hello.
Hey.
How you doing?
Alright.
Hey don't forget 9-1-1.
What does that mean?
Well it sounds like it's like an app collecting.
Oh I see.
Okay I got you.
Yeah.
We were on the verge of calling you a little while ago you're right.
Hey did you know Queen Elizabeth got a 4% pay hike?
And I know this is going to be something dirty isn't it?
No no no it's true.
It's right it was in the news.
She got a pay hike.
She got a pay hike.
But the only thing I gave my car.
I'll tell you I get very nervous.
She's upset about it.
She's only making $8 million a year.
Yeah.
Very nervous about those overpaid queens you know.
What's the problem in there man?
It feels like a lot of choking and puke.
Well see I have this bed cold and everybody else seems to be you know like following my lead you know.
Know what they say what cures are cold.
I know this is going to be grotesque.
I know you're going to come up with something good I just can feel it.
I'm thinking.
Well I don't want it.
I know you have a problem in there.
The bird sounds like he needs to take a chill pill.
Oh he's just beyond appaplexie man.
I tell you if you ever seen a hummingbird in heat.
He's just cold.
He's going bananas.
Well listen have a marvelous life.
Well I'll try to especially in a hally way now.
And I'll be a talkin' at you later okay.
Okay.
Boy boy.
9.45 on Zeta 4.
The Nearodges show on a Wednesday.
18 days to a grab rate.
It's like breathing street oxygen isn't it?
I'm going to go back to the
next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to go back to the next day.
I'm going to leave right after the news.
Did you get the word?
That was a joke, I assume, right?
We thought you had left.
I thought you just gave up.
I wouldn't have blamed you.
That's why I came back.
I heard the news.
Did you hear that news?
I heard the news.
Speaking of grammar.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
I thought.
Did you hear that barnyard sound?
Yeah.
It hits.
Now what is it that says trans on its own?
16-
16 Caristens on its own.
Living Coach in redfit range of
or someone else.
I'm a little choked up.
You know, Alan Mark is a good boy.
And don't come back and join us again too soon, OK?
OK.
Here's the first of 16 in the row.
And Jeff Gondje is showing Zeta 4.
And we're going to beat the crap out of a couple of guys
and see you later.
