Through we have just a pile of stuff, okay?
We had all the train up real pile of stuff, but anyway great for WIOD tremendous and we can't take any credit for it because we were here one week out of all of this
So it's not gonna mean anything for us and like I said, we're kind of in limbo so we can be real objective
Now who is number one in the market?
What is this boy? I don't understand this at all. I don't
Um
Boy this doesn't make any sense to me at all this one page here. Well anyway, let's get down to a vanity gritty
Okay, six to ten a.m
Monday through Friday life of course
Lifeless WLYF slush elevator music for the walking dead
They had a seven one they were number one like they always are
They're more brain dead people here than anything else
Mike Rinerie with a six one a big number was number two in the entire market in the morning
So he was really number one because nobody counts life an excellent job from Mike
Yeah, wacky, which is esponiala five nine so they don't count QBA five nine
There's two more that don't count but I say they don't count they count to somebody
But not in the realm that we live in okay, and those of you out there don't care about ratings
They're not interested in the numbers. They don't understand them buzz off. Okay, because we care about it
And all the people in the business are listening why 100 that a four five in the morning that's sunny five going on
Uh-huh, and we're waiting for by the way got my five hundred dollar check for Camilla's house right here
Here it is and sunny we expect you to be here any uh any moment any day and dropping it off at the front desk Zeta
Dropping now we were gone from there for two weeks, okay? They dropped our last trend was a five five to a four one
Oh in one month
Ah, and we were only gone two weeks, okay to a four one which is the lowest the morning show has had in many many months now
Of course somebody over there rose would say oh yeah, but the kernel was not yeah
Good luck that in 40 cents will buy you a watery cup of coffee at Wolfies on 21st and Collins, okay
Magic dropped to a three eight, this is um 12 plus 6 to 10 a.m.
Then power with a three I'm not gonna go through the holist a winds drop from a four over to a three six in the morning 12 plus
W Y and Z
Okay, where is it?
I know I'm off mic, but just relax.
Okay.
Kick and ask with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the Palm
beaches, even out to the Bahamas.
This is WIN.
Yeah, well, you only wish.
Anyway, so they took a dive and then WS News took a big dive in the morning.
They dropped from a 4-3 to a 3-6 in the morning.
You see, they had a month in the summer.
I forget which one it was.
WS News remember the whole station that was this guy.
Yeah, he had it.
Distorted thing.
And stations do get distorted.
Months like GTR got a bad distortion, too trend before this one.
And they're still recovering from that.
Gloves in the morning from a 3-1 to a 3-3.
Okay.
Hot from a 1-9 to a 3.
Hot was one of the big stories.
GTR from a 2-6 back up to a 2-9.
Like I said, last month really devastated them with some bad sampling by Arbitron.
Exactly.
Thank you so much.
Anyway, let's see, midday from 10 to 3.
And again, we were here only a very brief time.
Life with a 9-8.
Magic with a 5-6, which is a big drop for them, but still second.
Gloves from a 3-5 up to a 4-4.
WS News from a 5-1 down to a 4-2.
Sandy.
Enjoy QBA power.
CMQ, WIOD.
Now, isn't this interesting?
WIOD from a 3-1 to a 3-7.
Huh.
Now, we were only here a week.
Is it possible that in a week we had that kind of impact here?
I don't know.
Would be interesting because in the next one we'll find out.
3-1 to a 3-7, which is the biggest number in midday this day.
And has had in a very long time.
Isn't that fascinating?
Isn't it?
He said.
And let's see if there's anybody else of interest here.
Not nothing too exciting in midday.
How about wins?
I don't, the reason I forgot about them is I don't come across them on the low.
They come low on the, they're feeling mighty low.
You go way down.
Let's see, Waxi, oh wins.
Stayed flat at a 2-4 in midday.
There were 19 in the market.
Okay, after a big dive in the morning.
This is 12 plus, don't forget.
We'll get to those demos momentarily, ladies and gentlemen.
And those who are bored by this, tough potatoes.
Afternoon drive.
And how Steve will be interested in this 12 plus life with a 7-7.
You just can't beat them.
You might as well knock their antenna down or something.
Power had a 5-5, Y-100-4-8.
And that was one of the big stories according to Spike is that power beat Y-100 in this book,
which is no, not power.
I mean hot.
I can't say.
The overall.
I haven't, that's the first thing there.
It didn't make any sense to me.
Magic of 4-7.
W-snoos from a 4-9 to a 4-3.
And afternoon, that's Alice.
Steve from a 4-6 to a 4-1.
However, again, keep in mind that's 12 plus.
So those 65-year-plus listeners are still doing it for W-snoos, but they're dropping like a rocket ship.
Gloves from a 3-1 to a 3-9.
Gloves had that pretty good book here, looks like.
Winds from a 2-4 down to a 2-3.
Yeah, pretty good trend.
Excuse me.
Boy, I say you wonder why he's here, ladies and gentlemen.
He's here to correct me on every mistake that I make and they will not let a single one go.
This is important.
Night, EDR 7-6, power with a 6-9, hot with a 6-1.
Ooh, life with a 6.
W-snoos a 5-2, a little slippage there for a year.
QBA, Y-100 with a 4-1, Waxi with a 4-1, winds from it with a 4.
They went back up at night with that horrendous talknet.
On the weekends, of course, the dolphins help out over here.
So we did very well at IOD.
The life had a 7-8, power 6-1, IOD a 5-2, an EDR hot CMQ, QBA, TMIW, just snooze down to a 3-4 on the weekend.
Must be some of the right wingers are dying off.
Winds down to a 2-3 on the weekend.
Okay, now we're getting to some of those demographics, okay?
And I know some of you are just getting bored to tears by this.
You're ready to pass out on the floor, so we'll take a break, okay?
Isn't that a good excuse, man?
Are we sneaking to this crap and unbelievable on this show?
Even to me, it's unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable to steal a phrase from Rose Folger, okay?
They dropped overall, by the way, at Zeta from a 2-5 to a 2-0, and of course the big dip there is we had told you.
Oh, we didn't find them yet in the other day part.
They're way down.
That's why I didn't come across them.
We'll go back, because I want to save her every second of it.
They dropped from a 2-5 to a 2 and one trend.
We want to get every day part.
But they've turned the corner now, man.
They've turned the corner.
They've corrected the problem.
They're going to be consistent.
Yeah.
Anyway, I want to tell you about Nutra System today is weighing the 1024WYOD, and as we look back,
as we look back over some of those Zeta numbers that we missed earlier,
unbelievable.
You want to see some people do a little kazaki on the tabletop here at night.
This is the first...
See, I got all the stuff out of order here.
It's not spike spot.
He's just under a lot of pressure.
Anyway, Monday through Sunday, the whole week, 12-plus, WYOD had a 4-6 to rank third in the whole market
between life and power.
We had a 4-6, which is a giant number.
WSNEW dropped from a 4-7 to a 4-0, and INZ had a 2-8.
So, of the three competitors, IOD kicked some serious, serious ass.
Now, getting back to those day parts, boys and girls,
well, let's go 3-7 PM, 12-plus.
Let's find Zeta in there.
Okay, so we don't have to be.
They dropped from a 1-6 to a 1-4, which is marginal.
1-10 AM to 3 PM.
In midday, we already told you the big drop over there in the morning.
In midday, they dropped...
Well, no, I don't know if they dropped.
You know, Gonser, he doesn't have much to drop.
2-4 to a 2...
Oh, that's INZ.
I knew that couldn't be right.
They don't seem to have seen a 2 in a long time.
1-6 to a 1-4, Gonser, giving just a little bit there.
You know, Jeff, he's a great guy, but Gonsal might eat that show.
And now, what did I do?
Oh, here's the real winner now.
Wait a minute, ladies and gentlemen.
Okay, here it is.
7-am at night, WZTA.
We should have a drum roll.
We got to get...
We got all kinds of sound effects.
And there, wait a minute.
Roger's got something big here.
Okay.
He's got the appropriate sound effect.
When you hear this number, man, you're going to go apoplectic.
You're going to go, hey, here it is.
Hey, excellent.
Thank you, Roger.
This deserves a 45-minute drum roll.
7-am at night, 12-plus WZTA, a 0.7.
Ah.
Ranking number 27 out of 29 rated stations.
And look at Roger.
A 0.7.
Oh, dropping from a 1-1, which wasn't much to write home.
So they dropped in every day part.
They dropped.
And I wonder about on the weekend.
You think they did well on the weekend?
Because that used to be their strong point that Rose used to talk about.
See, now that we've gone, man, they've turned that corner, baby.
Corrected the problem.
They've corrected all their problems because we couldn't turn over that audience for them.
They got it down.
Let's take a look here.
Let's see how they did on the weekend.
Because they used to be 2-1-1-6 on the weekend.
Okay.
So I guess the fact that we've left just hasn't to sunk in yet with the rest of that audience, man.
Now, 25 to 54 in the morning, 6 to 10 AM, Zeta.
Wow.
Our last to trend there, we had a 7-1, the last two trend.
5-0.
They lost 2.1 points in two weeks, keeping mine.
And dropping like a rocket, like a giant brick from the Empire State Building, like a penny
from the World Trade Center.
Rocketing is a matter of fact, listen to this.
A reneary in the morning tied them with a 5 that's his biggest share ever in 25 to 54
in the morning, at least anywhere on here.
That's a big number, man, on an AM station in the morning.
Yeah.
Boy, he had a super book.
Now, we don't want to take any credit for bringing some of those people over here.
Rodgers applauding him.
Congratulations, Rodgers.
You guys deserve him.
And on midday, let's see, we don't care about any of this doing that.
I wouldn't care about that.
Let's take a look at the afternoon drive, because I know Stan is listening and he's out there.
Oh, boy, this is great.
This is great.
This is great.
Okay, let's see.
IOD with a 4-6 in the afternoon, ranking fifth Steve with another big number there, 25 to 54.
Let's see how the demos compare between Steve and Alice.
Steve had a 4-6 in 25 to 54.
And Alice had, let's see, can we lie that in a pretty far?
Zeta stayed with a 2-3 in there.
INZ went from a 1-8 to a 1-9.
They had a marginal minimal game with an embarrassing number.
Flat.
Where is Alice?
Can you go down that far?
Oh, here it is.
Alice from a 2-0 to a 1-8.
So their audience is getting older by the moment.
In fact, they better slow down the hands of time.
Or they're going to wind up their audience is going to be dead.
You know what I'm saying?
All right, now let's see.
Midday, 25 to 54 here.
We ought to look at that, shouldn't we?
I mean, again, since we went up overall, I guess we had a little bit, we goosed in a little.
Yes, the butt-looking duck would say.
Exactly.
Oh, let's see.
IOD from a 2-1 to a 3-1.
2-1 to a 3-1.
To give you an idea back in the spring, they had a 1-5 here.
25 to 54, then a 2-2 with 2-7 with 2-1, and then a 3-1.
Good place to start.
I like that.
So evidently, those last couple of weeks goosed some things a little bit.
Okay, that takes care of that.
Don't worry, folks.
We'll get the show going when we're good and ready.
Okay, there's a lot of people in the business depend on it because their management won't tell them any of this.
They get all bent out of shape and all nervous and hysterical and believe me, most of them deserve it.
Okay, 6-1, it's been that 18 to 34.
Now, we had a giant number on Zeta.
We had a 9-9, and in two weeks they dropped to a 6-9.
Mm-hmm.
In 18 to 34, they lost a third of the audience.
They'd turned the corner.
They'd corrected the problem.
Now they're on their way over there.
They are on their way.
No problem at all.
And we were the problem.
Let's see if there are any 18 to 34s that showed up midday in IOD.
I think it's unlikely here 10 to 3, but let's just take a peak from a 0.9 to a 1-2.
So that's a little increase, but it's going to take time.
Although a 1-2 is the highest number that shows on the sheet here.
The next one's going to be real interesting when the whole fall book comes down to you.
That's where I'll be.
It's going to be really fascinating.
Now, what's this stuff at the bottom here?
35 to 64.
Oh, you made that to the end of the S numbers.
Yeah, we're starting to get to them.
Although, let's see, I already had a 5-9, third in a market.
And W snooze.
Now, see, that's too young for W snooze.
They drop from a 3-9 to a 3-0.
So the overwhelming majority of their audience now is 65-plus.
I mean, if you've got, listen, if you've got Metamusel to sell, if you've got like a dukelax,
if you have a polident, and W snooze is the station for you folks, trust me what I tell you.
They have no competition.
65-plus men, they are on a run, if I can say that.
Okay.
They are doing it.
But that nighttime number is Zeta.
0.7.
I want you to keep in mind, that's a 100,000-watt, classy FM.
A monster signal.
Well, it's on that tower, so it's not like a wounded monster.
And a 0.7.
Now, for a guy like Rose, who keeps claiming they're going in the right direction,
when what's her name, when old douchebag Jean Cashman was there at night,
she was in the threes for a while.
I remember.
Sure.
Shortly after we went there and things started rolling, and they got along,
and they were twos and some threes, and we were going up, you know, toward a 5 and then the 5-5,
and they dropped to a 4-1.
And I don't want to sound like I'm gloating, but I sure am.
Because I wish them, and there's some nice people over there, Captain Dave,
and God's is a good guy, although minimal, terrible show.
But there's some good folks, but I wish them such bad luck, not individually,
but I mean the company, and the management over there, both upper and middle level.
And again, Rose, if you take them out of the business, a good guy, but you can't separate,
that would be like saying that Hitler was a nice guy if you took them out of the government.
You know, you'd be a good guy to go to a party, whether something like that.
You cannot separate people from their roles in life.
And as a radio person, he just a disaster was.
I mean, he just stubborn.
He just refuses to change out of music.
He continues to try to find scapegoats and blames everybody for all the things that are going wrong.
And then, you know, he finally got this free hand, and they're going to let him do it, man.
He's doing it, and they're just, they're bombing.
I mean, they're going to wind up the next trip.
When the book comes out, they will be under it too.
I predict.
Absolutely.
And that may not mean a lot to those of you out there who are not in the business,
but to those of us who are remotely related to the business, and the people who work over there,
I can only say are remotely related to the world.
What's going on here with Roger?
He just jumped up and down like Rumpel Stiltsky, man.
He's having a nervous breakdown.
What now?
What is it that we're doing or that you did?
I'm sorry, not that we're doing.
What is it that you did?
You know, it looks like he's erased the last week's logger tape.
Don't worry about it.
Okay, life goes on.
That was one radio.
You had that conversation.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Now don't choke on it.
Relax.
Try to control yourself.
Well, so anyway, those are the basic numbers there.
If anybody has a specific question about it, they're favorite stations.
You know how he was like grabbing his head and just freeing down.
And he just left.
He said, I'm going home.
Finally, he looked like he was reacting to that emotional in our show.
Emotes during the renearie show and then kind of unwinds from 10 to 11.
But he's gone.
I think he just took off and we're on automatic pilot now.
So let's have a hell of a tie.
Fighting.
Yeah, let's really go nuts.
You know what I mean?
So anyway, that's where we stand.
And now, didn't he look to you that look on his face like he was looking at that night number at Zeta?
Didn't that in that one?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, seriously, when he heard that point seven after he gave us that drum roll, he just about fell off the chair.
And he covered up his whole face with his hands and just was twirling and puking and having an nervous breakdown.
Well, anyway, well, he finally came back.
He was on his way home and he said, okay, it wasn't that bad.
Don't worry about it.
Well, you're pleased.
You're just too emotional, okay?
Life goes on.
All right.
There are plenty of other jobs in the market.
Basically, with these friends, they're ought to be okay.
And I also want to say with these trends, the fact that there are some talented people, I don't want to mention any of my personal friends sitting on a sidelines,
who've been out of work for much too long.
And some of these Yahoo's out there that continue with their fractional numbers.
I mean, with audiences that can't be found with a telescope.
That's really sad.
You know, that are high-tech.
It's a real hip-hop.
I want to bush-league market.
This isn't what kind of management generally is in this market.
Unlike here, where we have sensational management.
We really do.
I know that sounds...
It sounds butt-licking, but since the butt-licking ducking theory can take credit for it.
But really do.
These people here have got their stuff together.
Finally.
It took them a long time.
I'll tell you that.
But they finally got some idea what's going on.
Okay, it's 10.35.
Here's a guy who's always got some idea.
At least generally, what's going on?
Henry Barrow with the news update.
And we'll come right back.
Well, why are you working very much?
As is the king.
I don't have him in the realm much for a while.
But I want you all to know, what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
Although, I think it'll be a risk Christmas.
I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that time going by?
Like, I got a lot.
Well, I call it a friend.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
A time of roll-out.
And I share with a lot of faith that's that feature you got there.
Okay.
What would you like?
Roll Roll Roll.
Oh, yeah, Christmas.
Christmas to me means family.
Family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
Pass me that time to say, which boys?
Well, flaky.
Like a runway.
Now, I just want to say to you right now, you know,
I'm maybe a big star, maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
Or a helping hand.
Or would you hand me a helping those my status over there?
Which boys?
Like it.
Make it a must.
Now, like I was saying, ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of need over the holiday season.
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that soft sugar when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just those screws of color.
Like it.
I don't know.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.
Now, I'll leave those stay tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
I appreciate it.
I want you to remember, for all the power of God's great big family,
and you know what God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big son of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I like you dear.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know all this homeless Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree,
save a big, big bowl for the king.
Next to butter, you know what I mean?
I like you dear.
I like you.
I like you.
And make the good news be yours.
By the way, somebody gave us a bum steer about Ralph Redneck the other day.
Remember they said he's going to channel 12.
That's a lot.
We just signed two more years of channel six.
I heard it on this year radio place this morning.
Okay, do you have an Elvis thing before we started?
We were looking at these people are getting this is out of roll early.
They have some t-shirts you can get like backwards, don't fat birds don't fly.
Well here's one.
Paul is dead and Elvis is alive.
Oh yeah.
I thought we knew that.
In fact, Paul is Elvis.
Okay.
Because you never you see him hanging out together.
You see Paul and Michael Jackson once in a while.
Yeah.
Well that's a hell of a point.
All right.
We got a couple of brown lines still not lit,
which is a little they're a little slow on the uptake up there these days.
524 WIOD.
524 9463.
Now let's take the call first about the ratings in Miami.
Hello.
Are they gone?
The other gone.
Well I must have been in the time box.
Or did I punch the wrong one?
I'm not sure.
Hello.
Now I don't understand, but that thing is still doing some bizarre stuff.
Oh don't tell me.
Don't tell me we're going to have another one of those.
I'll try one more time.
Hello.
Hello.
See there is somebody there.
Well these were in the off position.
Or in the on position.
I don't know.
And go ahead sir.
I'm sorry.
We're all screwed up as usual.
Sir.
Yeah I'm here.
Money line.
Okay.
Go ahead.
I'm trying to know what the top 10 stations in the market were.
The top 10 stations in order.
In order.
Wow.
You don't ask for much.
Do you sir?
And also how did radio station WEDR do?
WEDR always does very well.
Very well.
And I will tell you in just a second as soon as I can find that.
Well I got more stuff here than Carter's got pills.
You know what I mean?
That bill wise.
That bill wise.
Could you give me a breakdown on EDI's different day part?
Oh gee.
You want to lie.
Okay.
I'll do that as we go along.
But I mean, okay.
Here we go.
The top 10 stations.
This is, oh this is not even the right sheet.
Man.
This is 25 to 54.
God almighty.
Here's weekends.
But I give this back to Spike.
It's going to be so messed up.
He's going to be apoplectic.
Well, he can straighten it out himself.
Okay.
12 plus WLYF lifeless with an 8.
WPOW5.
WIOD.
A46.
QBA.
A46.
EDR.
A44.
They were number five.
Okay sir.
A magic of 42.
WSNEWS.
A4O.
They were seventh.
Hot with a 39.
They were tied for eighth with CMQ.
A Spanish station.
139.
Y100 was 10th with a 38.
Okay sir.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
How do I help?
I made a good news viewers.
Both the brown lines that were on lit are still on lit.
Maybe it's going to be one of those days.
Did we chase him away with all this boring stuff?
I don't really care.
Because this is, you know, you're going to have to get used to it.
Because once a month, the trends come out from Arbitron, which is part of the book.
It's like a rolling thing.
And then of course the full book will be out next month.
And we give that information on the year.
Who saw an upside down Zeta plate?
You did Roger saw an upside down Zeta plate.
Right yesterday.
And if he had seen these numbers, there's more than a plate's upside down.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, Rosa's plates are upside down in his mouth as we speak now.
Oh no, they saw the problem.
Yeah, they saw the problem.
They've turned the corner.
They've turned the corner.
Unfortunately, they didn't realize it was a dead end street that they turned the corner on.
Madness, dead man's curve.
And even Jan and Dean can't help them now.
Oh Miami, hello.
Hi Neil.
How are you doing?
I'm Huddard.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is John.
Oh, John, you sounded just like Joey.
Do you remember Joey?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, Joey is one of our regular faithful callers.
Neil, I want to ask you a question.
What's the question, John?
I was in Washington for the summer just visiting.
Yeah.
And I listened to this guy called the grease.
The grease man.
Yeah.
Do I know him?
I know who he is.
Well, he, I was listening to him.
And he was saying all this Jewish stuff.
He's putting all this Jewish bits and all this.
Really?
The grease man?
Yeah.
Huh.
Well, there are a lot of books.
That's how you're my last name, but I think he was just...
Yeah.
Like Giuseppe Papalardi.
Yeah.
So what's the question, John?
That's the question.
What is the question?
Well, I just asked you.
Did he just ask me a question?
I didn't hear the question mark, John.
After your statement.
Okay.
Let's try it again.
Is he Jewish?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't have anything.
I don't know.
Okay, you have a nice Simka Stora.
Okay, and have a good Chivuas.
Okay.
Bye, John.
By the way, with a Goyish, your name like John.
What the hell is he worried about?
That's Chivuas.
Did he say his name was John?
Yeah.
Boy, that is not what you call your run of the mill Jewish name.
He must be honorary, like I am.
Yeah, right.
You've been hanging around too many of your Steve's rabbis.
I think that's your problem.
Open line in Dade County.
751 WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's the question?
Now, the question is, was the rabbis circumscience.
No, but my name is John too, but it's J.O.N.
This is really, you know, you know.
All right.
Now, John, let me ask you, if you are Jewish, there'd be one of the great miracles in a history of mankind.
I am.
It's J.O.N.
Get out of here.
I'm, I, what I lie to you.
Hey, duck, I guess.
Well, there's only one way for you to come down here and prove it, John.
Really?
I said hi to the duck, but he didn't hear me, I guess.
No, hi, John.
Oh, that's because I was talking at the same time.
Is this J.O.N.
That's all with differentiates between me and that, uh, that's a four-year-old, but just called.
That's right.
Anyway, come on.
He wasn't four. He was at least six or seven.
All right.
Move right along.
How did chronic Cox do over there?
Oh, he did well.
How do you know?
You read the afternoon number of power.
You did?
I did.
Yeah, you did.
I did, really.
Yeah.
I guess I better put that stinkin' pipe down.
How many spoke of it?
So I don't eat.
Let's see, three to seven, twelve plus power.
Oh, he had a big number.
I'll go down, drop from a six, two to a five, five, but he was still second-beyond lifeless.
Yeah, pretty well then.
Oh, yeah.
And Y-100 had a four-eight in the afternoon, so he'd be eaten by almost a full point.
I hate to get in the sports, but I'm the only one today that's upset that the fish won, you know?
No, you're not the only one.
We heard the mystery picker this morning in the whole song of the dance, all the brown spans and everything.
I don't want to hear about it.
No, you're upset because of the draft picker.
I don't want to, I mean, what's the reason to win right now?
Well, let's, now, come on.
Let's face it.
They got to go out there and give it a shot.
You know what I'm saying?
They can't just go over and roll, go out and roll over and play dead just to get the number one draft pick.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
Are you gonna be okay?
No.
Because they got something to think about, okay, and that's empty seats in the stadium next year.
Yeah, but if they get some great draft picks, they have nothing to worry.
I mean, look, they'll have them.
Well, people don't go to games based on draft picks.
They go to games based on how many, what if you won lately?
You know, that's how this town is.
But look what they did.
They had 61.
The paper predicted 45 and they had 61 there.
So I don't want to get sports, uh...
No, let's not get to sports intensive.
If somebody we know not to mention any names will become a surly.
This has all been covered over...
Start giving us names of tennis players who haven't been born yet.
And we'll be covered again tonight at 6th.
I agree.
Intensively on sports tone.
Okay.
Live from Tony Romas and Davey.
We'll be there.
Okay.
Wack, wack.
Now that's cute.
Now that will be a little new wrinkle for the show there.
I like that.
It's 10-14 Neo Rogers.
On News Talk, Radio 6-10.
10-51 at WIOD, Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Yeah, Neo, hi.
How you doing?
Good.
Uh, what do you want later now?
You sure I'm later?
Am I on a later?
I don't know.
You want longer?
I heard you're on A up to two yesterday.
No, no.
Steve was at a Bob Grove's funeral yesterday.
So we stayed for another hour for next hour.
Oh, what time are you getting off today?
What time are you getting off today?
Yeah.
Two o'clock as far as I know, sir.
That's not what I meant.
What time are you getting off with your boyfriend?
Oh, that's cute.
I don't know.
Bob, what time are you planning on it, sir?
I don't know.
Tell me.
Okay, yeah.
10-52 that was Lighthouse Point.
We really get calls from there because the brain debt are like all jammed in to little parts
of Lighthouse Point.
Isn't that close to Pompano Beach, by the way?
Yeah.
That's very close.
Yeah.
It's up in that general brain debt area.
You've been hanging around up there too long, pal.
It's obviously affecting you.
Open-line and Broward, 524, WIOD.
We'll go to, oh, this will clean things up a little bit.
Sunrise.
Hi, Neo.
Hi, I just wanted to say goodbye.
I'm going to be going to Japan for three and a half months.
Three and a half months?
Yeah, for vacation.
And then when I come back in April, I'm going up the Rochester.
Go to RIT.
Great.
Well, I wish you good luck, sir.
I sent you a tape on with the $15 and enough posters.
It was at 20, I think, we decided yesterday.
Right, and then you could just send it to me.
What?
And you could send it to me?
I'll be delighted.
Okay, thank you very much.
Okay, so you have a good time.
All right, thanks.
Bye-bye.
Don't take any wooden nickels over there either.
Okay, you know, there's Japanese man.
1053, 7411 at WIOD.
And that vocal line hasn't let that's the problem.
That's the only one that's kind of like a real deadhead this morning.
278 WIOD that line seven.
I'm very mad at you.
It's because when I start asking them to call, then you know that you got to be a real
assident guy on the M side.
Date County.
Hello.
Good morning, Neo.
Yes, sir.
That was $15 yesterday.
But that's okay, I was going to send $20.
No, no, you didn't listen long enough.
We were negotiating the whole thing and at the end I was convinced somebody
talked me into $20.
All right, I must have turned down the machine.
As far as the tape goes though, is it going to have the golf game on it?
No.
How about a young Neo?
See, now the problem is if we're going to start negotiating what's going to be on the tape.
I'm just asking, I'm not negotiating.
Okay.
I mean, I'll do it anyway.
I mean, yeah, I think I will put a young Neo on it because I don't like playing it on here.
It's too damn long.
It goes on forever.
And I've heard it a million times and I think it's lost a little of the original
lustre, you know what I mean?
I mean, after the 4,000 time to me, it just isn't that great anymore.
I've put it on there, then the people who want to hear it instead of bugging me can listen to it.
Yeah, I've only heard it once.
So, you know, I've got a few more thousand to go.
Okay.
Listen, one other question.
Who is Sandy Foxx?
And did he have a TV show in New York years ago?
Sandy Foxx.
That's Sandy Patens' brother-in-law.
So it's not Sandy Foxxx.
I can understand why you can't comprehend the name because you can't understand what
Sonny says.
Sonny Foxx.
Oh, it's Sonny Foxx.
That's right.
Sonny Foxx.
Not in New York.
Sonny, he used to do the old Rotten movies on Channel 6 on the weekend once a month of
time in his Hawaiian Luao shirts.
But Sonny was on Sheep for a long time and now he's on Y-100-9.
But I was just here in Miami.
And I'm sure he's on his way right now with his $500 check for Camila's house.
Right.
Well, one last thing.
I had a friend in college, his name was Matthew.
His brother's name was John and his other brother's name was Paul and they were all Jewish.
Well, he must have been in the related to the original apostles, huh?
Yeah, well, go figure that one out.
I don't, I'll be honest with you.
I can't think of anybody I've known in my life whose name was John who was Jewish.
Well, that one kicked me when Matthew walked in.
He said, obviously being Jewish.
Matt.
Well, Matt.
No, I think Matt can be a Jewish name.
Yeah, in fact, there are a lot of Matt's.
Okay.
And Paul, there's a lot of Jewish Paul's, but John is a very, if you pardon the expression,
goyish name.
Very goyish name.
I don't know any Arabs named John either.
So it's not one of those Semitic names.
Okay, listen, have a great one.
Yeah, I agree.
Bye-bye.
Okay, now let me go back to this thing that we mentioned yesterday and we ought to straighten it out
because we were involved in this ongoing negotiating kind of thing.
And I will, this Sunday, I will have to come in because I'm going to put that tape together
and put some of this other millions of bits on cart finally.
But anyway, under much duress and is a different way to raise some more money for a Camille
House in an ongoing effort, not just now, but in the weeks to come.
If you will send a donation of $20 or more, a check or money order made out to Camille House.
And a, let's get this right, a cassette, 90 minute cassette.
Stamped self-adressed envelope is optional, but would be helpful, okay?
Asking for that.
Then we will send you a cassette of all these different bits that we're going to play.
A lot of the stuff you hear us play on the year, not all of it, of course, but, you know, 45 minutes worth.
That'll be on one side of the cassette.
And one thing I'm going to tell you, like I don't know yet how much is going to be on here.
It'll be 35 minutes or 40 minutes.
When you get it, don't call or write and say,
Gee, the other side was blank.
Couldn't you put something on the other side?
I'll never forget that as long as I have some of these ungrateful doings.
Great.
That just wants you to, you know, they think that everybody in the world has got nothing in their life, but them.
Yeah.
And they're going to just sit down and do a whole song and a dance on both sides of it.
It's a big enough of a pain to dub all these off.
And I know Rich isn't even aware yet the work that he's going to have in tail.
I know I feel we can probably find somebody who's got high speed dubbing equipment.
Like maybe, um, maybe our friend Rich Pactor is somebody who's like in the music business.
Maybe.
I don't know.
And I think to it would know somebody who can dub them for us.
It's amazing.
You said yesterday that people would not listen long enough and would send in 10 or 15 dollars.
You said that yesterday and already, you know, couple of calls this morning.
Oh, Roger says we do have a high speed dub here, but it sucks.
Well, we don't want that.
We don't want them to suck.
We want them to be at least reasonable so we don't get a lot of complaints and mouth contents.
We have enough of those already.
Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Oh, man.
What a question.
Wow.
Let me ponder that for a little while.
No, we're doing fine.
Okay.
Don't be sensitive now.
Don't start getting like that funny fox.
Oh, no, no way.
No way.
I happen to like funny fox, but you're right.
He's a good guy, but he's just a little sensitive.
Yeah, he is a bit too sensitive.
Like I mean, thin skinned.
Yeah.
Oh.
Now that hot beat him, he's going to really be upset.
Sure.
Oh, the wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's get a writer.
He'll call again.
Maybe in the morning.
Anything we can do.
Let's get a straight.
We say they beat him in the morning and they didn't.
He'll be right on that thing.
And he'll be.
Yeah.
Just a minute.
Let me look.
Let me find mornings here.
I have to enter the news to put this down.
All right, go ahead.
When you're talking, I'll find it.
Okay.
First of all, I'm not Jewish.
My name is Joey.
And second of all, how does magic do some tend to do?
Are you Italian, Joy?
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
See, there's some guy who makes sense anyway.
He's what he's supposed to be.
Sure.
Oh, let's see.
Oh, God.
Am I going to find anything now?
Spike is going to go crazy when he sees his magic from a midday,
from a six five down to a five six,
but there's still second behind life was.
So they're doing just fine.
They're doing good.
Who is that looking for a minute ago?
Oh, sunny.
You're morning.
You were looking for sunny.
Oh, nice.
Let's see.
I don't see him here.
Wait a minute.
Does he really mumble like that on the phone?
On the ear.
I've yet to hear him.
Oh, wait a minute.
I have it turned upside down.
Here he is.
You've never heard one of his hair he is.
He hit a four five.
He was fifth and he did not get beaten by a hot.
Hot was where the hell is hot already.
Oh, they're way down there with a three.
So I correct myself on that in the morning.
Sonny did very well.
Okay.
You've never heard of that.
He went from a four back up to a four five.
So he's doing fine.
I'm sorry, bird.
Never heard.
Never heard.
They're sunny right now.
Oh, he's fallen.
You'll find out yourself.
Now listen, listen.
When you speak to him, listen very carefully.
Because you might do a couple of words.
You know what I'm saying?
Have a good one now.
Okay.
There he goes.
Okay.
Listen.
That's the end of the first hour.
And it seems like we just sat down.
Roger is right.
I think time is just slipping us by before you know it's going to be time for them to plant all of us in the morning.
I'm telling you it's really it is flying by.
Speaking of being planted in the ground, Steve canus afternoon the Charles Street case,
Game time and early release of prisoners speaking against game time is good old attorney Tom Bush.
And I won't say a word about him that I haven't said before pro game time.
Bill Lazwell, president of the Broward County Criminal Trial Lawers Association.
Some more contrived debates on a cane show this afternoon from two to six.
Only here on six ten W I O D.
All right.
So, I'm going to say that the first time I've ever seen a cane show in the morning,
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say
that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to sayrated knowing that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to sayidades a chez el Com wait Keen, eh? Hahaha
today. What did he do? That's that when you know. He's alright. Okay. Um, the, uh, the
call before about Sandy. See, this will keep you so busy. You won't have time to eat.
That's right. On your diet. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Right? Sir, go ahead. Okay. Sandy
Fox was a guy on TV up in New York. He used to do the Wonderama show on, uh, W any W
TV. Well, you know, there was another sunny Fox who was on, will you listen to me just a
second sir, will you try to control yourself? I don't know Sandy Fox. Okay. However, they're
used to from Fox's deli and Rochester, but they're used to be another sunny Fox who was on
the $64,000 challenge years ago, not the same sunny phone we got here. Okay. But a different
side of our. Okay. And we haven't seen him today, by the way, just meant to the past. Well,
he just got off the, or at 10 o'clock, give the guy some time. Don't start ragging on him
later. I'll call him. Nobody got cops on a radio on the phone. So let's just relax.
Yeah. He's on. He's standing on a chronic cock. What was your story, sir? Um, I see.
I wanted to know how Joe Johnson did. Joe Johnson. Well, okay. He's a great guy. He's
got a beautiful girlfriend. A nice lady. Yeah. I like Linda. She's Superman. Mm hmm. Well,
I would say she's Superman, but she's super. Okay. Now, wait a minute. Let me just take
a peek here. I got it so screwed up. Hey, here's seven of midnight right here, right on top,
which is the way Joe likes it. Okay. I'm magic. Let me tell you one thing about Joe. In
the last three trends, two six, two six, and again, a two six at night. Magic doesn't do
all that great at night. And I guess mainly they got a big 25 to 54 audience. And a lot
of those people at night are watching TV or going out doing living and breathing things.
They're not into radio as much. Yeah. We're all watching. Yeah. No, we're all watching
not slanting. Well, you are, but well, you know me. Okay. Talk to you later.
Okay, sir. Have a great life. Bye. Bye. Okay. Now, what was I just going to do? I was
going to talk to Cox on a radio, chronic Cox. I'm not trying to be chronic. Meal. I just
thought I'd tell you that I know several people in town who have not high speed dubbing
equipment for cassettes, but who have the ability to dub 30 or 40 at a time. That's
what we want. That's what I mean. It's good quality. Yeah. When you want that, call
me and I'll take care of it. Fantastic. What a guy. All right. That's exactly
the way we do. It's on another excellent. Okay. Well, I'll let real people call you.
Even here what I said, I said congratulations on another excellent trend on all. Thanks
a lot. I am enjoying it. I bet you are. Yeah. Fortunately, fortunately, the checks are
still cashing. So I guess I still have my job. Well, Henry's got some plans for those checks.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. He keeps telling me that he's got some property in the South to
say the go-kaleous and thanks a lot. We'll let you know when we need it. When you need it,
just let me know because there's two or three different people in town. Good news. All
right. I'm feeling we're going to need that. Yeah, we are going to be here. Here's the
first one that came certified male one day. And this is the early wave of male that we
got right here. Yeah. So I want you to be a witness, fat rich. There's my check for 500
bucks to the Camila's house and one for a hundred. So we got almost a grand here in one
mailing with my check in there. Yeah. And when Sonny brings his check, what are you laughing
about? He's going to do it. Yeah. I think he would go on the year he'll pledge that and
then shine us. He would never want to give them some great addition to which he's got
more money than God anyway. True. I just want to grab my boon adds up after I just want
to bug them some. Now leave him alone. Will you please? He's emotionally at a good trend
also. It is. It'd be nice to our FM friends. Now that we're back on a M, they're all our
friends. That's correct. We were going to go back on FM again. We hit him like poison.
He's disgusting. And he's a human. You know, that kind of stuff. Why can't you graduate
Rose in a gang over there at the WZTA? Man, I'm telling you, I am just that they'd
made my day, my month, and the next one is going to make my life. Oh, yeah. That's the
one I want to say because you know what they say, Rose? What goeth around, come through
round. Okay. That's what they say. But you have solved the problem over there. And then
I'm going to congratulate on you on turning the corner. One thing about Cox, man, he knows
where to get in on this board. He called on the Palm Beach line. See that? And it's open
again vacant. It's always a list. And by the way, speaking of Lee Fowler, isn't he supposed
to be calling to at least promo to give us a little titillation on that thing he's going
to do sometime this week? I know you want to wait till Thursday when we got that open
line in Palm Beach just for you, Lee. It's great. It's a Cox broadcast. And the owner
just called moments ago, 655 W I O D in Palm Beach. I guess I better transpose the numbers
because he's a little slow. 655 9463. It's 1112 at W I O D and we'll come right back. Incredible.
1114 in my good friend Congressman Larry Smith. It's working on the beef case. You know,
the 7,000 pounds of cooked roast beef that they were going to throw out has written the
letter to the USDA urging the beef not be destroyed, but be delivered to the needy and homeless
and is going to be calling on the bat line. So that'll be great. In the meantime, we have
another very important call asking you shall receive on the Palm Beach line. I thought
this was Lee Fowler. No, a Neil. It's a Lee Fowler spy report? Yes, Neil. Yes. Yeah, John
the second up in West Palm last week. I had nothing to do. So I was snooping around on my
scanner. And I was just, yeah, is that better? Okay. I was snooping around my scanner.
And I heard on the dead you know, some of the pickup channel. I heard Lee Fowler call
somebody on the air a sub-human. A sub-human douchebag. That's right. So I thought this
is discussion. Come on, you will get some chloroxin. Gargle your brains out. Well, I called them
up and I got to board up and I said, Hey, what's killing Uncle Mio's material telling
to get a wife of his own? He's not the original material. Well, the girl did not know what
to do. And now he just slammed the phone down on it. That's nice. Oh, excuse me. Sort
of. Well, you know those people up at JNO, they tend to be a little surly and squirrely,
sir. That's true. Just as I report and we're listening up here. Okay. Thank you. Okay.
For just a second, I thought that was really Uncle Lee on the phone. But he's, I don't
know, he's tinkering with us or something. I don't know what he's doing. He keeps threatening
to call in and give us this real hot news. And if he's got the hot news, man, he better
call now or forever hold his own. I think he's got his own agenda. We have, we have
an open line in Broward 524 WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Now. Yeah. Yesterday
you were talking about somebody's drivers going around. I really horrendous. Yeah. Well,
the other night I got call back into work and it's towards the end of the rush hour.
And won't you know what on high speed line? There's some bimbo guy doing about 40 miles
an hour when he should have been doing 50, 55. And he had traffic all tied up. And that
really hurts me. But the worst part of it was, or over the white car he had WIOD plastered.
Oh, that's great. We don't want him. Yeah. Really? You know, and he had traffic. He's
doing like 35, 40 miles an hour and everybody else that trying to skirt around is kind of
mean time. There's 6000 cars trying to get around. Well, he's probably listening to
the dolphins game. You know, who the heck knows what he was doing? But he really had
it snarled up and just to let you know do something about that. Well, okay. Thank you.
We'll do it. We'll, we'll locate him, man. Right. Thanks. Okay. Well, at least get
the bumper stickers off his car. Yet another radio super stupid star on eight who I
have no idea who it is. Hello. Deal. Yes. He, Michael McKay. Hey, how you doing? Pretty
good. I just called because I've got a Jewish John for you. A Jewish John? Yes, sir. Boy,
oh boy. I could sure interpret that in a number of ways, especially coming from you. Do
you have any news report of John Purchan? Oh, yeah. I know. Johnny used to work at WS News.
That's right. He is a Jewish John. I'll be damned. Like I said, I know a lot of Jewish
John. Yeah, but I meant a name, John. I know what you mean. Congratulations. And if
you want to use this on your thinking data for it. Yeah. Isn't that great? Well, they certainly
are going to come around the corner. Oh, yeah. I don't want to wish Captain Dave any
bad luck because he's a good guy. But I'd hate to be the captain of the Titanic, wouldn't
you? Certainly. That station is amazing. A hundred thousand watts can be wasted. A point
seven at night. I'm telling you, when I saw that, that's really, it really did something
to me. And that's what it did. And keep up the good work. I'll send some money over
to the police station. Thank you very much, Mike. I'm fine.
Chief Michael McKay. What a day here. Yeah, this is a radio celebrity day. Of course, we
knew it would be because it runs around with you, Maul. And most of these people are
listening every day anyway. But hey, Congressman Larry Smith is on the phone. Hi, Larry.
How you doing? This is the ratings wizard. This is the manager of Menlo Park. I called
up to see what my ratings are. The ratings are 99.2. There are a couple of goy-am out
there who are not here. Happy. I belated about bell ringers, right? A belated happy
Hanukkah to you, Larry. And I'm so excited that you called because we've had a lot of
people calling me about this beef thing. And I, from a couple of people I talked to, I
thought it was hopeless and it was a lost cause. I don't know that it is. And you remember
the old, you know, saying an 84, where's the beef? Yeah. Well, we found it. Yeah, but
you did. It's about eight thousand pounds sitting in freezing lockers in various suppliers
warehouses here in South Florida. You had a program yesterday, and that's all why I
called about this. And it was an issue yesterday, but I had seen it as well last week, I believe,
and we sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Agriculture at the end of last week telling
them that if the beef should ultimately fall into the title of the United States government,
right now we only put a lean on it. So it's frozen in these lockers and it can't be used
by anybody. Yeah, it's frozen. After legal proceedings or after administrative proceedings,
there is a fine imposed. The meat may ultimately go back to the suppliers and it would then
be used in the private chain in which it started. But if in the event the United States
gets fines and or the meat as part of the legal decision, then I have told the USDA that
it would be absolutely immoral to destroy that beef with a number of needy people out there.
Yeah, 1127 at WIOD. Now let me just mention again the address if you want to write to the USDA,
and they'll let them know how you feel about them possibly eventually going to destroy that
beef or just let it sit there while people are starving on the streets. You can write to
Richard Ling, the Secretary of Agriculture at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, USDA,
Independence Avenue, Washington DC. That's Richard Ling, LING, Secretary of Agriculture,
Care of the USDA, Independence Avenue, Washington DC. Okay, okay. And the Camilla Souses at 726
Northeast, first Avenue here in Miami for those who want to go down there on Christmas Day and
help out or those who want to bring by clothing blankets or foodstuffs. Okay, let's go to Palm Beach
and see what excitement we got here this time. Hello. Hello, this is Spike from WFLX. Just
well let you know that the Greece man is not Jewish and we're working on your new picture of
Johnny Depp. It's on the way. I'll be there. Boy, you guys are just incredible. You know what?
Hey, we appreciate it. Yeah, we appreciate all the the promo that you give us.
And thanks for that last poster, man. It's got a very special spot. There's a new one on the way,
Neil. I'll bet. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Okay, man, it is celebrity day, isn't it? Yeah,
that's right. Spike here. They got Spike up there at the Channel 29 up in the West Coast. Okay,
that Palm Beach line is open again. Lee, can you maybe I'm not talking enough allowed enough
release? Is that possible? Yeah. He's six five five W I O D. It's it right in on celebrity day.
Here's all the other celebrities are calling me. Of course, maybe his train came out too. Maybe
that's why things are a little quiet. Although they evidently do very well up there. Do they? Yeah.
RMF does very well. The RFM RMF. Yeah. And JNO, I think this pretty darn well. Of course,
they can't the battle at PBR, man. Once they had Paul Lyle on there in the morning, that was
little too heavy for them for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm Neil and Glenn. I had a question. One
question is barely here. Pardon? I can barely hear you. Okay, hold on. Can you hear me better? Oh, yeah.
One is why do they turn off the delay during the news? That is an excellent question, which I have
never been able to figure out. I haven't got the foggy study, but Nick, I am sure is writing a
message on the screen. It says we have report. Oh, in other words, there are reporters out there
who listen off the ear. Oh, seeing if we were on delay, it would screw them all up and they wouldn't
have no other screen reader banana. You know, Johnny Dark has the same question to mention. Well,
that answers the question. I've always wondered that. Me too. The only thing is sometimes we do it
at 34. Well, we don't have reporters. Nick doesn't do it. Roger does it just out of habit. I have it.
They don't always do it. My dear, Roger is a great guy, but he's a fuss budget. You know, he wants
to do everything just according to oil. Don't take it personally, Roger. So sensitive. Go ahead, sir.
Okay. The other one is how did magic do overall like 2554 or like 25 to 54? This guy has
been an interesting question, but you know, it's interesting in the last round. Of course, for a
long time now, we were number one on Zeta 25 to 54 in the morning. Yeah. You want the whole station?
Yeah, like the whole kid's caboodle. Well, this guy wants a man. We got a demanding audience here.
Let's see 25 to 54. Seven of midnight. Oh, god. This is a mess. Spike is going to have a nervous breakdown.
Three to seven 25 to 54. Just a second. I'll get there. Trust me. This is a mess.
Magic number one and eight three in the afternoon. How do you like that? In midday 25 to 54.
Magic number one and eight nine. That's great.
6 to 10 a.m. I bet you're number one there too. Because we kind of disappeared. So number one,
6.0. Oh, 6.0. Anybody could have beaten that. But unfortunately, Zeta dropped from a 7.1 to a 5.0
into a tie with WIOD with Mike Rineri. And they're dropping like a rock, okay, sir?
Yeah. So if you were rating the stations overall and the entire day, like who would magic be number one?
No, 25 to 54. They're number one. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Overall. Yeah, they're doing great. Trust me.
Okay. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye.
1131, man. This audience really, they, when they want to know it, they want to know it. They want
just a little bit of this or a little bit of that, which is fine. We like to create these students
of broadcasting. That's correct. Because someday if they live long enough, they might actually get
in the business. God forbid. Don't do it. I'm telling you, I haven't said that on this station yet.
Because we're doing just great. We're happier than pigs in sloppier than butt-licking ducks. But I'm telling
you, don't get in this business. This will kill you. You'll wind up a broken man or woman. It'll just
destroy your spirit. Oh, and you know what I saw yesterday. And I didn't get to see it because the
phone was ringing and my doorbell rang and all kinds of stuff going on. But I came across as I
Oprah had some horrendous, another one of these guys marrying women with children. Oh, this,
one of those stupid shows. And I come across Heraldo on the channel 12. Oh, yeah. And guess what he
had? He had John Wesley Fletcher again with what's her name? Yes. With Jessica Hahn. She was in
Phoenix, I guess. That's Blitz. And she was crying and sobbing and swearing and carrying a,
I hope you go to hell. I hope you drop dead. Here are all these good religious people, man.
Screaming at each other and calling each other names and prostitutes and all kinds of sexual
things that haven't been invented yet. And these are the same fakers, man. And get on there and
you know, built millions of dollars. All you suckers out there that send money to these religious
fakers out there. Why not send it to the Camilla Sound Service or the Salvation Army or some
organization that's directly going to help some people who need your help instead of giving
it to all these grave robbers. Okay. What a disgrace. Aren't you glad that they were in separate cities?
No, I think in fact, Harado probably wishes he could have happened together. I was afraid to what?
I'm working a job on his radio station now for less than 400 a week in this man has destroyed my
family. She's crying, man. She would have put Tammy Faites-Shame. She might be auditioning for Tammy
Faites-Job on a PPL. I'm telling you. I'm serious, man, because she was just floating them out there
like crazy. I thought she was going to float away. She was like Allison Wonderland.
She is. But it was something. I didn't get to see too much of it, but they were hysterical.
1134. But of course, you know, those forgiven sinners, man, those are the ones we love the most,
and we send the most money to. 26 before noon, April of War, then with the news up,
the couple of Soviets spies. That's why there was a little pause there, but Nick is straightening it
all out. It's 1137 at WIOD. The word from a radio spy, Doug Tract is the grease man's real name.
He is Jewish. Well, okay. Really? Well, why would some goyish or copy-playing all kinds of
Jewish material on the show? I got a rush to do in the machine, by the way, which will be playing
momentarily. But first, we have to take these very important calls, okay? Hey phone in Palm Beach,
highly. Just as a matter of fact, that's what I was going to tell you about. A leaf-hawler's
spy. Okay, if you all call in personally, let's flush him out, as they say. Mr. Wipple would say.
You know who he had on yesterday. I'm afraid to ask. They deen. What? Yes, the alien.
Oh, no. This is not a senseless relationship between Lee Fowler and Steve Kane has got to have
he straightened up. I didn't believe it. Too much male bondage, you know, with just too much going on.
Yeah, listen, I got him my car last night and turned on the radio, and I heard that the
fins were ahead 24 to 10. Yep. At that point, I knew they were going to lose. But they didn't.
You're right. I was very surprised this morning. Well, I tried their best.
Strock came in, you know, for the Browns and gave the old college try and tied it up there. But
the last one. Well, that's why they won. Because, you know, the rival right there between
Marino and Strock, he couldn't let Strock do it. They're good buddies. They're good buddies. I know,
but, you know, he's going to show that he can do it alone. In fact, I remember Strock was on my
Sunday show one time. He was in the building when I was doing the Sunday mornings on INZ.
And that was the time. Remember when Marino held out a couple of years ago, we moved to Houston
game to start the season because he wasn't ready and he held, didn't come to camp. And
brought Strock in. I asked him, doesn't Marino care about the fans or anything? And of course,
the bottom line is they'll care about the money. Just like those of us in this business,
and that's what life is coming to this country. So why should they be any different?
Yeah, but they should feel a little guilty when they go in to take them up at the window on Friday.
Yeah, that's true. But, well, maybe they just a twins, just a pang of guilt.
Yeah, listen, Bird, man, you shouldn't freak out so much when people start to talk about
sports. That's the only thing Miami or South Florida's got to go for it, which isn't a lot right now,
but, uh, you know, we got the Heat Man hero in 17. They're giving them the college try.
I, at least they keep going for it. I don't see. Of course, when you give it the old college
try, you ought to be playing college teams, that might help. Wow, they, they could win one.
They might. Yes, the funny, sunny keeps predicting it, but don't hold your breath.
I didn't say anything about that. So all I said was this has been rehashed to death.
Yeah, four hours. They're not saying no matter what you say about sports,
he's going to say it's going to be done again tonight at six o'clock again.
Is that what you want, sir? Pay no attention to the buttline. Do we have to do it?
Pay no attention. No, that was my point.
Well, why don't you go to the air this morning? I mean, the first thing was,
please don't talk about the dog. I was sincere. And I want to appreciate you for calling in,
sir. Thanks very much. Well, we love you. Great. Is that it? Are you leaving now? Are you going
to be intimidated by the buttlicking doc? Well, I love the buttlicking doc. Okay. He hasn't been,
wow, I won't talk about that. But thank you. Thank you all very much. Okay, made the good
snooze viewers. Thank you. Bye-bye. Well, I'm talking to that Palm Beach line. We got a cooking
out. I don't know where the calls are coming from, but a cheering from Palm Beach. I'll tell you
that. And we're sure not hearing from Lee Fowler. Now, maybe you think it's possible that he's
chickened out on his alleged expose that he's going to do on WOLD. You think that's possible?
No, because that would be embarrassing. You know, I mean, like when you make a gigantic pronoun
to him, as he did last week, and you predict all of these wild exposs and then all of a sudden,
you disappear into the woodwork like a termite. Nobody can flush you out. No, I think there's that
word again, man. I think he wants it. I feel a little flush now that I mentioned it. I think you
want it at the right at his at his convenience. Well, I think he got it in his brains. Okay, Miami-B.
Hello. Yes, this is the first time I'm calling here. Well, how you doing, pal? All right, well,
I'm a real Jewish John. Hey, how about that? Another Jewish John. I mean, what you said about that,
this morning, but you've got to be honest. John is not a Jewish name. I know it's popped off. I got an
agent. My name, JLHM. JLHM. Listen, I just moved here from, moved back here from Gain. Now, wait,
wait a minute. Wait a minute. What are you shaking your head about now? He hasn't said a word about
sports. I didn't say I'm not saying anything. Is there anything that you're going to be pleased with?
I didn't say a word. When it comes back with your lunch, then you'll be then it'll be pacified. See,
he's getting a little surly because yet we haven't had all the food in here. I'm on his diet.
Oh, no. We haven't had all this food and now he's getting a little bit better. Don't listen to
this man. You're doing right. I'm just waiting for the point. This is what happens with these guys,
man. You spoil them right. They get used to being treated like royalty and all of a sudden, man,
to get, you know, you go ahead. Everything's just fine. I need to ask you a question here.
For about three weeks, I've been now listening. I was turned on by a friend here and I know you don't
like the old part and the Canadians. But what exactly is it you don't like about the Canadians?
The French Canadians. Oh, excuse me. Oh, yeah. The French Canadians. The other ones are okay. The
French Canadians come down here and they're the words they don't tip at all. They live like a dime on
an $80 bill and they drive about 15 miles an hour in reverse and they're just, you know,
they just generally destroy the whole area when they come down. They ruin it for everybody else.
We were watching the dolphin game last night at a sports bar and the fertility was included and
that's what spurred the conversation. Yeah, but you had a lot of French Canadians. If the tip is
included, man, they'll be there, especially if there's 40% off. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What was it? You
said this morning about Jewish shun. I missed the beginning of the show. No, no. Somebody called in
some young kid as a matter of fact. He must have been nine or ten years old or 12 or whatever he was.
And he said his name was John and then he was asking me about the grease man and all these Yiddish
stuff that he plays up there in Washington, which I wasn't aware of. And after I hung up,
I realized that this kid, basically, said happy Shavuahs or something was Jewish and his name was
John. Okay. I just made the point that John is not usually a Jewish name. That's all it's nothing
that we have to, you know, bring in the ass or air a fat, have a conference about or, you know,
Monachem Begin or anything like that. It just was an observation. I could be wrong. We could
wind up with 50,000 Jewish Johns out there before the end of that. I kind of doubt it though.
Okay. What do I remember those great, like John Ben Gurion and John Begin.
That's it. That's all I'm sure that John Lapidas and John Lipschitz.
I know him. Yeah, I bet you do. Yeah. From the Bronx, right? I've been listening to about three
weeks and now I'm listening in my house. Well, there you go, sir. You're an addict. You can't turn
it off. Okay. So it's nothing I should be worried about. Oh, no. Something you ought to be
excited about. Okay, Mr. Rogers and Mr. Duck have a good one. You too. Okay. If I can find one,
I certainly will. It's 1144, 16 till noon on a show that is moving along at a breathtaking pace.
And it has been star studded. Star studded. We've had celebrities. We've had would-be celebrities.
We had former celebrities. We haven't had Lee Fowler though. True. But we do have Greg in Port St.
Lucy on the Lee Fowler line. How you doing, Greg? How you doing, Neil? How you doing, everybody? How you doing,
Mr. Duck? Greg is putting on his best off Florida radio voice. I like this. What time is your show on,
Greg? Well, we have to cancel for today. No, there are a lot of shows in town like that, including one
on the station we used to work. Probably guys doing over there. Great. Are we really, let's see,
Port St. Lucy? That's not too far from Sebastian, I bet. Yeah, we're pretty close. You don't know
that guy that writes me those letters, do you? He writes your letters. Hate letters from Sebastian.
Yeah, they hate us in Sebastian. Those born again Christians are going to come down and rip off
our faces until we accept the Lord. You know, that kind of stuff. Who needs them? So I heard
South Beach is getting developed now. It's Penrods there. Penrods is there. It is open. They're
got a long way to go to finish it, but they're building a gigantic, expensive, multi-million-dollar
Penrods on South Beach. That's great, because we've got down the four-load of the Ellen. Forget about
that, sir. Bob Cox is standing at the city line and he will, if you're under the age of a 100 man,
he will not let you in. Now we got a call, says the grease man is Lutheran. He's a little bit
everything, okay? He's bi-religious. And he's got a filthy mouth to top it all off.
So what is the deal with Port Laudersale? Because Sebastian came down there, it's pretty dead.
Dead is the operative word. You took it out of my mouth, sir. It is dead. The patient has been
declared the deceased. What a shame. Yep. Used to be a great swing in place, great time,
a lot of young living and breathing people. Now the only young people they got left are the
drugies out there in the streets. That's about it. What is the mayor trying to do, making it through
retirement? Yeah, you got it. Outdoor funeral parlour, sir. It's the number one business in his town.
So dying business. It's inside thing to shut the hotel down, or? Yeah, we're going to tear him down.
We're going to make him condo like they did on Miami Beach. That was the worst when they started
with the first condo on Miami Beach. That was the kiss of death, okay? And that's what's going to
happen in Fort Lauderdale now. Wonderful. In fact, you know that hotel, the Yankee Clipper?
It may before long become the Yankee Shlepper. Well, listen, it's great hearing from you. I know
you're just astonished by this, but welcome to a unreal place, okay? Yeah, come down and see
us. Okay, have a good one. All right. Bring your friend from Sebastian too. All right, take care, God.
Bye-bye. Well, we get calls from all over. Yeah. God's-A-Know-Me from Pawoki and we like
Fort St. Lucy and Viral Beach, Jensen Beach, places that I'm not really quite sure where they are.
Air Force Beach. Air Force Beach in the West Palm Beach until the little old ladies used to
stand up on the chairs with their binoculars. That's disgusting down there. Put a stop to it. It's
disgusting. And then they used to get telescope. And that one they saw Lee Fowler on Air Force Beach.
That's when they closed it down. They said this is going a little bit too far. Okay. Lee in the
raw. I'm telling you, man, I don't know what's going on at Palm Beach Line. Is that for
Plucky? It's going crazy, but I just have a feeling he may shine us, you know what I'm saying?
He may. Would that be something if he shines us? Maybe today. So what's the story? We are maybe
Lee could take a poll today. And what does what does this thing is the grease man? Jewish or Lutheran?
Bad, crazy. There you go, Lee. Baby, you got your show now. Glad to do it for you. Oh, that's not
him, huh? Well, every time I see that Palm Beach Line, I think just maybe, maybe it's the,
the thing that I don't understand is the only time we can get him on any more Steve has to come in
here and call him on a fat live. You notice that? That little little stick that what does he
have to do? Get Steve's permission before he calls the show? Is that apparently there's this
incestuous then he had Nadine, the space queen or whatever she is on. Incredible. Incredible.
Unbelievable. We've got a penrod spy report. See the problem is fact I got a letter about that
this morning about somebody gets very upset because we keep taking the mobile and the Palm Beach
line callers and everybody else has to wait till they become like Methuselow, okay?
True. And they're getting sick and tired of that, right? Next is yet. I can't stand it.
So from now on, if you call on a mobile phone, we'll make you wait till a year from Sookas to put
you on, okay? I like it. A little residual there from Bellsoft Mobility or something. It's 1148
at WIOD and of course the trend is out and there's some of you in the business looking for a new
career than check out the Entertainment Institute at 1460.
Trust the me, trust the you, trust the black, trust the you, trust the you,
Hey, trust the you, I say I and I, I say well you're your, you're welcome, you don't
know, we're just love, I'm not that orthodox, I like Jimic Cliff and I like
a Smokas Swift, I like Matsu, right? I am a hidden type of guy, trust the me, trust the you,
rest the black, rest the you, rest the you, all your name, rest the you,
I like Gochis too, and I like the motorbike, chicken too with honey, the luck, that's what I like,
have you ever tasted, crab paste, rice and cranes, flanking and give filter fish, that's much more my
rest the me, trust the you, rest the black, trust the you, rest the you, all my
so
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I
am a man, I'm with the T2, adviserves, my brain and imagination are warned so loudly, ideas
and he is ill , tested, he is in, his nervous system is lifted up and that's the bottom.
Stop looking so ugly subscribe,
leaf-haller show today uh... for four p.m. on w. j. you know it says here f.m.
twelve thirty yes yes here in the uh...
i think vm is what they might leave our show
rabbi
sam silver
uh...
my regards to the new roger's telling that i've never heard of smuddy or program
in my life
there he is rabbi sam will be a me i'm going to tell you something hang your
head in shame
the most chronic
guess in the history of radio talk okay
a man who was sent me over the years probably five hundred letters inviting
himself
on my show each invitation has been turned down
since those early desperate days at k.a.t.
i can't believe that
uh... and louise sure of the anti-definition league of pombi
that you're going to say anti-rabbi
discussing israel cus on steveshow is that the rabbi and someone who's
anti-rabbi like anti-acquetti
they're gonna discuss israel's i am a jew law this afternoon at four
steve just got through doing that last week and he had the needy non-estate
what is the leaf hour show is like uh... an instant replay of the steep
can show it's like a poor man's can show in pombi jacke and believe that
renex and yeah we son of okay let's go to a fort waterdale hello
a man
going down man
it's all going down man right down the drain
you know i never have much respect for kids before but you're pretty cool
yeah i know
uh... my m e hello
yeah
that's what the last guy has to see how long he was on
yet that's true i better not
better but you're up your act a little sir
yeah uh... my just wanted to know
open-line and broward by the way if you move real quickly now five two four
w i o d i just mentioned that in passing sir i don't want to take your time
yeah i know i know what i'm saying i've been listening to you since you got
a w i o d and i noticed that every time
around one fifty eight you get a douchebag that calls you what is it is that
is that an omin or something that's an omin at steve is coming up
really
that's his audience trying to get in a little early you always leave off on a bad
note i just was wondering you know
how you feel about that though i love it that's not a bad great no it's a good
note for us we enjoy it very much
all right well i was just saying it was a bad no because you know we hate to
hear you miserable now i'm not miserable at all sir i love that in fact if we
get three or four calls like that every day if we could get the somebody like
the struggling lady every day
don't you say the other day i mentioned that we would like to have one of those
every day to close out the show you didn't hear me discussing that the other day
oh did you yeah we'd like to have it as a regular feature
oh okay yeah yeah i'll call a couple of my older relatives
yeah yeah call a couple of your older relatives like in deer field
or in delray or in folka okay i hate the show
you have a good salad okay good luck to you
have a good salad that's a kind of a very important
that the bobby dare what did that mean i don't understand i don't know
did that compute with you that was bizarre i never heard that before that was
peak you your man no one's ever said that to me before i don't believe while i
hope you have a real good salad what the kind of a salad does a butlicking
ducky that's the question and of course the leaf hour show gonna be
discussing that on thursday i can't believe that rabbi sam silver and debating
this who is a jew thing glee i want to know one to your embarrass to call his show
okay i would be so humiliated nadine the outer space queen
and then the rabbi and who is a jew as steve has just done both of those in
last couple of weeks and he just continues between ripping me off and steve it's
like that's the pull that leo to take with who do i rip off more kneel or
steve okay that'll be the leaf-outer pull on jeno tomorrow after the next
blues only okay i can't wait till we get a hold of the palm beach trends that'll
to be exciting okay listen april standing by with the new wio d news and we'll
come back at twelve oh five and that's surely color boy get ready for one
fifty eight because we're gonna need you today
this is michael jackson i want to hide all my fans i love each and every one of
you i want you to know that i gained ten pounds
yeah right now i weigh fifty three okay that's michael jackson he's on the
carren carpenter marlin brando died
have a little uh anti-pasto salad here fat riches having his little garden salad
over there and savoring every bite
and somebody is that all you're reading here's having a salad yeah i'll be damned
what did you want me to eat like salad city no i don't want you to eat any more than you want
whatever makes you had a guy said have a good salad so i think they hate us now at
florizo why i don't know they don't hate us that's what rich said
but i mentioned your name and immediately started throwing pasta on the ceiling
now it's just a joke carmine don't get nervous
okay moving right along we still haven't heard from me huh man like i said i'd be
in hiding too if i was ripping off everybody's guests hope the dug
young has a good day up there at jn o two used to work here you know
he's listening he was here in the days of the assassin absolutely he used to
call me when we were on i and yeah remember that sure big he was another one
was he really oh yeah okay let's move right along it's probably dug on this line right here in
Miami hello hey nil how you doing dude yeah hey i call the tinkle on you great all right let me
take my shoes off sir now this can be a good tinkle yeah yeah of course oh of course this is the
good tinkler in Miami i've been storing it up for you you're great american you helping out the
commos house yep and everything you're doing a great job out there you know they really needed
this time of the year and stuff you're buying a good job you help out stand on the radio we do
we like to but uh don't stop the bird oh well yeah we help the bird out every day we just
don't feed him and pay him and all of that why are you in such a good mood sir is that the
holiday cheer huh yes i am i'll grab my book i call because uh i wanted to know that when you
call collect you call this number because tomorrow i'm going to be in Colorado i'm not tomorrow
Thursday yep and i want to give you collect call from color yeah call this number this okay the
seven and i will put you on immediately because we're a cheap outfit have you received any calls
from there from colorado yeah not a while not a long time okay carry hard call this looking for a
job well listen break a leg as they say not not literally make it back in one piece okay good luck
you sir okay keep up the good work have a great trip you too boy well we got more stuff here now
than carters got pills now let's see these are the addresses for char how we already got that thank
you Nick and here's another thing on the Camila's house we're waiting for uh Zanivox to come by with
his five hundred dollar check today are we not mine is here it's in the stack there they did breath
that they say and they were waiting for Zanivox okay we would like to tell our broward listener that
it's easy for them to help the Camila's house too if you have items you'd like to donate but don't
want to make a long drive into Godforsaken Miami here is the solution just bring the clothes blankets
or food items to quick delivery well those folks are up there have been great you know what you're
having they're at forty five forty three power line road in Fort Lauderdale just west of by 95
and a few blocks out the commercial and they will make sure that all the items get to the Camila's
house for you okay okay yeah they don't care they'll come down the take they'll come anywhere man
they're a very helpful quick delivery forty five forty three power line road in Fort Lauderdale
and again make those checks on get them in a mail this week Camila's house is the way you make them
out center of neal Rogers WIO D Miami 3 3 1 4 1 okay and if we want one of those amazing cassette
tapes that we're putting together a 90 minute cassette with a stamp software Estonvolo Mala 2
Neal Rogers WIO D Miami 3 3 1 4 1 with a check minimum 20 bucks made out two Camila's house okay
okay plantation hello yeah how you doing great uh yeah well suggestion for you here we go okay
you know how you're always uh supporting the dolphins and the teams down here why everyone else
is nagging them that's good and I was uh wondering like when the Orioles went through their uh
22 game losing street the DJI WBBM in Baltimore yeah when they were on eight stayed on the
station until the Orioles won a game I was wondering if you'd like to do that for the heat
sure good luck to you sir mm-hmm I'll stay in the station till they win a game
well good now that's a suggestion no chance yeah that's a real suggestion
that you want to go for that huh no now we don't have a shower here right then you know I like to
not to be I like the game but I don't want to be too gamey you know what I mean uh one more
question for you yep uh back in July when you're on another station and uh when the bird would do
the you mean on invisible zeta yeah when the bird would do the news then right after the news you
uh run down the baseball score if I told you how much I enjoyed it with him at doing the news now
you want to run down the scores for baseball scores yeah yeah you still don't do that every day
because I don't use just a physical reason you know oh yeah we'll do it okay have no fear pal
all right thanks boy boy bye okay great now you got to really you've got to make a new user
resolution to be a little less surly about sports okay yeah I've never in my that wasn't like
I don't think so that was like no that was adamant that was a Sherman-esque statement absolutely
as an Alan Sherman I have never ever in my life heard so much talk about any game I don't think
as I've heard today and yesterday about this game we've hardly talked about the game I've won
her two cards I'm talking about us no I mean on the rest of the state well of course because the
mic is a lifelong brown span and also with dolphin span so he had in the mystery picker is a brown
span and I don't want to you know reveal her identity but and then of course sunny a sports
intensive so this is a sports station don't you understand that it actually what do you think
all those jocks straps are lined up in the hall out there you think those are for management people
huh it actually sounds if you're in when we came into this building they were playing ed aims in
my cup run of over okay you'd actually think it was an important game it was for the brown
and the dolphins stuck it to him and he figured misery loves company I
the browns had a chance for the playoffs and the dolphins saw to it that they can stick it
where the moon don't shine okay and they'll love it okay and she will have had that confused look
on his face there kept looking around like what the hell is going on here especially when we're
basically missing those field goals early in the game and don said what the hell is a story here
Hank and Hank was saying what the hell is a story Rick and Rick was saying let's get this thing
over with already okay all right it's 12 minutes past noon and you heard what this man
you did great okay you did just fine good yeah and you beat WOLD by a very wide now see again
in 12 plus they beat you by what was it a four three two four one four three two four one
but in this one their demographics are so old that even in 35 no seriously 35 to 64 this station
beat the daylight out of them so all the overwhelming audience is over 65 over there I mean just
ancient and I said they better hurry up and make some hay with it because they're all going to be
dead before you know before they can sell a trend and of course they did it real well
they've turned the corners man you talk about taking in an immediate dive I mean dropping like a
giant rock from the Empire State Building okay yeah yeah a month from now and even in midday
here we actually showed a little tickle in there we were only here a week and a half but went from
a three one to a three seven so we're already moving there's a little movement by the way
I loved I loved your anti pet lady yesterday by the way oh god and what is Sam silver doing on
the leaf falafel and Sam silver I will you not only boring but just chronic man chronic and
fight himself on your constantly is a pompous rabbi we would like to speak to mr.
Fowler is that possible he won't call man what he's not going to call he is going to call
me not this week oh well if I just had Nadine the space queen on and rabbi silver today discussing who
is a Jew and ripping off all of Steve's guests I wouldn't call this week either he has a good
reason I'll tell you off the air because you probably don't want to mention on the air but really
really something sinister no no no no respect oh okay oh I see well I don't think one thing has
anything to do with the other one okay that's a good excuse all right next week he gives you
a friend just came out they ought to be depressed this is the beginning of the end I guess yeah
something like that but anyway you're going to enjoy those polkas man there's a market for that
Frankie Ankevick and that's the well sound good on AM what is it all right for lottery
else is a great can I see it I know her name does it have little drawings she's a little
of psychotic Susan up and for lottery I'll do never listen to the radio she hate you too I don't
know I haven't ready I just don't let me look at it let me just take a peek there's no money in
there or anything don't by the way you see sunny fox on a way in with his check that's right I
got mine right in here now it's two firm Susan is that two for the price of one how much effort
does it take this man is so I don't don't be free you know I never dreamed back in the old days
when mr fatmouth worked over at that other station when he would literally rip you from one
into the radio band of the other and ever dreamed I'd be writing new steed can is the last resort
he had me hating you back then here's the situation I think neo roger's bites it I told him
to go in a recent letter but he was too cowardly to read it ripped it up right on the air which
doesn't surprise me because his whole show is a ripoff and all he knows how to do is rip people
especially successful ones he's a ripoff artist neo the ripper now he's calling Debbie Ellis fat
on the air amazing neo roger's calling Debbie Ellis fat is like Danny DeVito calling Michael
Jay Fox short by the way I happen to know Debbie his comments anger me personally I start thinking
nasty things involving physical humiliation I'd like to see him end up as a contrived controversy
on the Steve Keynes show is there such a word as cajonless what a cajonless douche bag that neo rogers
is getting my gets my letter and rips it up rip and run radio neo roger style neo you're a used
douche bag sorry I had to use up your airtime and interrupt what normally would be an interesting
entertaining program with all this nonsense but I had no other choice where else could I go now
that neo has no balls with apologies Susan Martin in Fort Lauderdale Susan is another one of those
like a wacko cases manager just a Ken turn this show off yes he heard in the register yeah you heard
me rip it up the letter one that claims not to listen ever only when she's on the john on the
you know thrown so that when she's pretending to be royalty and she must spend a lot of time on
the throne okay that because you know what everything we do on the show thank you Susan we love you
too 20 minutes past noon at w.w.w.w.d. Steve today has reverse no I'm sorry early releases and
game time with attorney Tom Bush and Bill as well president of the Broward County criminal trial
lawyers association okay Miami hello yeah yeah come on sir Susan would be very upset to hear
you ask such a question yeah listen I just wanted to say that Rick Stiderman is the antichrist okay
okay yeah and also I wanted to know if you could play the Michael Jackson commercial for me
the Michael Jackson thing yeah Michael Jackson Globe commercial I'm an destiny for it
sounds like a request for the Michael Jackson glove to me is that what this was sir
yes now you know there's no request on the show but just because you're a great guy sir
all right thanks a lot have a great day bye you do the new bye what did you say got me I don't
think I want to know something about a douchebag job knife hello this is Michael Jackson
urging you to help stop the spread of social disease don't risk your life by having a romantic
encounter with an unfamiliar queen I urge you to do like I do go it alone but make sure you wear
protection that's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove worn on either hand the Michael Jackson
glove adds the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself so remember before you
put it out put it on and the Michael Jackson glove proving once again that a bird in the hand is
better than one in the bush a better than frequent models for extra stimulation thank you Joe
it's 22 past noon at W.I.D. we got a stupid duck joke on two hello hey who said it was a stupid duck
joke that's what Nick said now next wrong this is as a cute duck joke since you were talking about
ducks what can your what can your duck do for you that your doctor won't that was cute I should
let that go you know that wasn't so bad marginal would you let that go no okay you know Nick he's
Mr. very cautious very calm now that was cute it was but okay call back again sir I'll let you
say it again and I'll think about letting it go really a couple of open lines in data I can't
imagine why after that 751 9463 that's 751 W.I.D. let's take this break now because I'm in the middle
of my salad you're just finishing your as bad rich and hailed his I was the plastic by the way
the container was pretty chewy wasn't it not too bad pretty tasty and we'll come back right after
this Friday night there's my Emmy Cubs with a hot new beat there on the streets fighting crime
look how we just don't do strip searches for Jay walking in the west by we get a problem
the mousse gang is back in town lieutenant in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach
hold them down and then get their hair yeah they're back in town let's go get them stop it's nothing
that clean up the street all the first I'm sorry for skipping in the most skipping zone I hope you
try it don't get on to me just take a seat now gladly a chair a chair yes he was by all right
that you pick pocket I said you're a part of I'm not a post pocket oh sorry just look like
yeah there's a lot hit my me cops on a hot newbie in ks right Friday night design on mbc 27 after
noon a w i o d the near Roger show and now the survey in other words you only do selective ones
is that what you're saying he only uh Nick only uh take surveys you know those things that spike
is doing I went through the whole list of them this morning I saw Sharon showed me the whole pile
and it's really shocking it is amazing in fact there are a few of them it says did you
start listening to that w i o d because of niold and there are a couple of older women that said yes
and then it said down below one of the things that I asked what do you dislike about w i o d nio
yeah they came over here because I'm here okay we thank you so much you wonderful lovely douchebags okay
poppano hello hi nio you've been given these sufficient third degrees yeah I just just
roll is hanging on he came on asking ask me uh I just start I come to i o d because you are
Steve or I was I lifting the Steve I said give me a break really I listen to Steve now good but the
other question we get on the brakes the other question was actually they have more guests or open phones
and you know I'd say more guests really no no I'm just okay yeah that's all just what we need
like about 20 at a time yeah open phones are good everybody rips them you know mm-hmm
haha yeah
rolls sir i want to thank you for all your suggestions on the restaurant i went to the melting pot
show with avarina today for lunch i went to char hot oh yeah fantastic you must be you must be
getting fat as a pig now huh yeah those burgers are great yep how does onion right you ever try them
the best they're the best and it says homemade and get time yeah next time yeah next time
I'm trying to shake and uh and uh the big burger mm-hmm i'm getting the shakes just hearing about it
I don't want to hear no I don't want to hear about it sir I don't want to hear about it I just
had my salad and i'm doing just fine i was the first one in there 10 30 mm-hmm and uh they
recently followed the one who used to call and say that Steve was the only talent on a radio and stand
had no talent that is correct yeah that was him that would lead yeah that was misguided lead
I hope he calls in today now he's next week okay all right uh we put a leaf like i've written down
we put a leaf on hold yeah which it has been as a matter of fact for quite some time yeah okay one
other thing deal good day okay excellent that was our first good day of the day that's right and we
always appreciate a good good day especially this hour at Palm Beach Line is available by the way we
just mentioned that in passing not that we're expecting anything exciting 655 9463 that 655 WI old D
and let's uh wonder how the dean is doing up in Philadelphia huh boy that's got a lot of old folks
up there i heard there's a full page ad in the paper this week i'll be damned his arrival in filling
someone called me and told me from up there you must be yankin my leg tough talk you know maybe it's
my imagination are these is that speaker like lower level than it was the first couple of days
not sure the overhead i'm not sure have they tinkered with that seems like it's down a little bit a little bit
have you tinkered with it i'm talking about this overhead speaker is it lower it's not as loud as it
was is it a volume control if you got the volume control in there no it's just on or i'll have to
go on below somewhere they must they must have tinkered with it turned it down a little bit because i
like it loud because otherwise it doesn't serve any purpose okay move it right along i know the
audience is really into this heavily uh plantation hello i know how you're doing today okay how you're
liking the duck of the bird which is better go ahead now what's the first story let's get down to it
could you hold on a second meal okay 1231 to wiod my emmy hello hi gang how you doing we're doing great
did you hear that call that should give you a good idea for sure hey you know there's an
unintentional comedy show on new no on Saturday and Sunday there's a little meander thaw
midget that runs it anyway this weekend he had the late great uh attorney general the us had the
pig me son and it was uh we're not talking about on wold are we well we sure are for you are a
massacre is darn you it's a funny show yeah and intensely it's one of the only shows in america
where the hosts sits on telephone books while he's doing the show you have to be wrapped on the
head with one a couple thousand times holding on the right side definitely invite green
anyway meast the great pornography fighter was a bragging about his achievements and what a better
world he's made it for him yeah and there was a car uh unfamiliar voice from the past that asked
him about how he could possibly get pornography off the airwaves she isn't that interesting yeah and
uh was uh you know that zealots at it and he's going to write to me these meetings in some sort of a
right wing uh foundation up in Washington right now yeah terrific they're going to pledge their
support to each other and just sort of whatever else they can do I'm excited okay moving right
along it's twelve thirty three at w i o d boy they're just uh really into it really into it he's right
that is an unintentionally hilarious show yeah it's the panic anyway i'm moving right along i want
to tell you since we're food intensive today about the armadillo cafe a new southwest style cafe serving
foods that are unique and delicious now we're up to our long distance dedication and this one is
about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand whether we have kids or pets
or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati ohio and here's what he writes dear kacy this may seem to be
a strange dedication request but i'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it recently there
was a death in our family he was a little dog named snuggles but he was most certainly a part of let's
come try it again from coming out of the record play the record okay please
you see when you come out of those up temple damn numbers man is impossible to make those
transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying you know they do this to me all the time i
don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record i don't
understand it is down on the phone okay i want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record
that isn't a f***ing up temple record every time i do a damn death dedication now make it and i
also want to know what happened to the pictures i was supposed to see this week it's a god last
damn time i want somebody who's a f***ing brain to not come out of a damn record that is uh that's
up temple and i got to talk about a f***ing dog dying what is this imponderous man ponderous
imponderous 1239 21 till what a wiod are you suggesting that the sunny would shine us today
couple of open lines in data i see somebody uh dropped off there during the break 751 during that
ponderous pause 7519463 that 751 wiod Adam is calling collect from port saint lucy hello
where's hello niel adam yes how you doing sounds like eve oh come on ducky
well just there in the beginning of the call you were speaking in a high register yeah
yeah i mean a real high register what i've been doing this morning well we don't want to hear about it
so what's up what is the purpose of your call adam other than to spend our money what is
in it niel my phone just went boop it might be my boyfriend a plantation hold on oh my god can one
eight till one at wiod no more queens from port saint lucy okay please we got enough locals without
getting long distance um that opens up the Palm Beach County line again 655 wiod let's go to hollywood
hello we valorous did excellent call my any hello well i think that they're getting a little
bit personal there they asked me how i felt about but looking duck yeah well these surveys you know
man i don't i don't know what but what the spike does with these surveys i'm not saying what but
looking duck is there's a hot rumor that lee is going to be coming over to take your polls for
you wouldn't that be great well i understand he's going to say to climb up their flag pool first
question he better do it before they have to hock it well uh niel i'm here to gravel let me just
get down on the floor and roll around a little bit there's uh i want to send you money for the
tape but there's something that if i don't have it my life is going to be incomplete well i have
felt that way many times but i always work out hello out elvis is everywhere by skid rover and
mojo nixon well that's no problem that's no problem i don't even have that on cd i mean it'll
sound so good that oh well i can get nothing brushing myself off well thanks very much niel you
made my day and you can look forward to my check into that soon okay it's in the mail right
all right not yet okay all right bye bye wow can can we read uh arbitan arbitan arbitan
arbitan trend numbers from seven to mid-night from seven p.m. to midnight you like those the best
those are my favorites okay see my rating reading from the bottom yes from tide for 29
w r h c and w o c n a point five uh huh w z t a a point seven uh huh so they did beat out two
marginal signal a m spanish language stations at night barely and they tied with w m b m m m b m can
be heard for at least ten blocks in Miami they were beaten however by wftl which can only be heard
on the interstate and the turnpike right next to their towers w s u a radio suave beat them
beat w e a t f m which is not even in this market w c m q a m with another marginal spanish
language no speak at english signal beat them uh w g t r hmm uh huh uh joy uh huh and kiss as
in kiss this uh huh uh huh well see my favorite numbers on that are the ones that have zeroes first
and then uh and then the decimal point and then the number all right here's a message from
nick ok says tell oh he did hang around with the kyle for a long time tell the callers not to bother
me about you your tapes oh he's getting silly about the tapes already yeah don't call nick
just listen keep listening and we'll tell you how it works it's 20 bucks to the Camila's house
and a 90 minute cassette hopefully a stem cell the rest envelope all of we won't uh you know hold a
gun to your head on that and uh just mail it to neo-rodgers w i o d Miami 3 3 1 4 1 gotta have a check
for 20 bucks or more to the Camila's house or money order or uh we'll have a nice collection of
cassette you'll never see it again that is correct that's a promise absolutely right and a promise
and a guadantee absolutely ok pebbrook pines hello yeah nia i have two quick questions and then i have
a rumor okay first question is i know bird gonna hate this because it's about sports but how did w q a m
do against w i o d into six to eight o'clock well see this doesn't have hour by hour so all i could
give you is seven a midnight mm-hmm and seven a midnight i o d had a three point two this is in
twelve plus and q a m at a three point oh so that was pretty close pretty close yeah uh second
question you ever been to gabby's on how they would bullfarts um no i know where it is but i never
been there well somebody mentioned uh somebody in the band mentioned your name Friday night
that you were there abby's never been there never been there they're hallucinating now that sounds
like something from the other station doesn't it sure does somebody from zeta probably was there
but it wasn't me all right last thing there's a rumor going around yeah right sure let me just
put it to this way jose and i scat but i prefer people who are awake okay thanks they'll have a nice
that's just a little joke jode don't get all bent out of shape now in hysterical now what just
happened when i hung up on it call like three lines went out what was that must have been jose
a ganky fans uh now there's an opening in date seven five one w i o d and let's go to my emmy hello
hi niel and glenn it's uh the new ricky from choral gables the new one new and improved
yeah because now in choral gables or oral gables what happened well we moved my folks are tired and we
moved to choral gables oh i'll be damned yes and i hope everybody in sunny al this too
these i couldn't take 20 years of those people i want to ask you about that kc uh k something was
that taken off directly off the air or something that you know just happened to be on your files
in the world no no wasn't taken off the years sir was not taken off the air was taped by the
engineer he was taping a show americans have 40 and one of the engineers at uh in new york
taped that and uh it was uh it was what i'm talking about and it was given to i miss who gave it to us
uh by way of johnny dark and uh that's where it is it's for real now i think i think i see he can
hear a record in his earphones we don't hear it but he here thank the record ending and he's coming
out of there it's on american top four you which we all listen to all our lives have we oh well
if we can help everyone knows what it is i also wanted to say something to uh to
gland i mean everybody keeps calling you duck and that you know that's a pejorative for homosexual
in spanish no i didn't know that if it is spotter whatever you say where you coming up with this
stuff man hey duck duck yes duck i thought that was the other one for bird
oh take a look no not take a look no there was a uh paho do yeah i know paho do yes i thought they're
parking up the wrong uh i think you're uh listen i was born in cuba
i was raised in this town and i'll get to you that much
mm-hmm so anyway you take it away wait a minute wait a minute here's here's the message from
the so you're reading things in you see you're getting really uh emotional it says the old lady
who called the bird of duck is totally anti cuban she don't know spanish
yes you don't know from cuba she don't know from uh beans and rice so she don't know from
beans period okay so don't don't start reading all this stuff in man some of you people are just
obsessed i just don't want him to be offended i'm not offended and even if he is offended that's
his tough luck okay well what they're paying him to laugh man he can be offended a lot just don't
worry about it stop being so emotional and sensitive watch out for a little bit well i can't
go right there yeah i'm aware of that when we're gonna get a token straight caller this hour what
the hell is going on here all of a sudden again man we got more royalty here than the uh queen of
England have a nice day because i'm high god almighty open line and date and in browner ladies and
gentlemen if you move very quickly just in date i guess seven for me twelve fifty two at w i o d the
inmates are out of the asylum of the day there's no question about it and we'll go to Miami hello
right in there yeah uh first time carter show a long time listening on w i d great um
basically you're talking to you about uh when uh you weren't on the uh i'll be
uh steve you think rap bad things about just stuff like that and my friends tell me you were this
and you were that basically you're i mean you got one hell of a show that is correct i quickly with
the first few days quickly became a neo-roger fan i mean i may be this and i may be that but we
still have one hell of a show you do you do but uh well what what's right why doesn't the bird
like sports here we go good questions sir excellent question um it bores me sir you know like
everybody doesn't like all the same things like everybody's different and it bores me i don't see
the purpose of it and also i i i don't like um well people could get hurt like with football oh my
gun you know it makes me nervous boxing makes me the most well boxing is not a sport boxing is barbaric
yes yes it is but i played roughly an ice cold baseball and football well playing is different
playing is different all right let me ask you this question baseball not too many people get hurt
okay baseball game context sport and yet you hate baseball okay not like it's actually the other
yes you do you hate baseball baseball the marvel is sports fantastic it's great it takes skill and
I can also do you think hockey doesn't take skill oh hockey's barbaric that's oh my god
it's like he is still the beatie brother over his great is convene i'm not saying i like a lot of
the you know the spiring and a lot of the stuff with the sticks that they do which is grotesque but
hockey's a great sport and i'm sure there's no hope they're really isn't so i enjoyed i enjoyed
tennis everybody makes fun everybody makes fun about that ball for how about curling well now curling
that's a very different category how about cricket now well curling i got into when i was
up north you know everybody's into curling yeah you know big brooms sticks you know but
and answer your questions or is there no where there's no sense there's no fear well i love
you showing the uh Neil and i keep on listening i uh listen wad from five thirties of the morning
till uh sports talkers over so uh god bless you sir all right thanks thank you bye bye see there's
what we need even if you don't like him he's a great color and a great wio d a lot of you know
we like we want people to be like slave to this station exactly came to it open line in date if
you move very quickly now seven five one nine four six three for you a real dodo birds at seven five
one wio d speaking of dodo birds pambich huh uh yes you guys got a great show just one doffy could
confirm a few things one is i'm talking to a friend of mine i've told off here and as you know
bricked at wca you that is correct told me besides doing his talk show there he replaced al meltser
i was having a hard time believing that but is that true you haven't heard that i don't have any
idea because that sounded pretty bizarre well first of all who is al meltser al meltser is all good
on all that's not al meltser for an art meltser no al meltser does these sports at wca you know
no chance no what alin knows about sports no chance so he didn't replace them and second question is
um well we don't really know okay second question is that i was told that um
still falseman would be calling the uh Kentucky Derby um be sure raise it wasn't for chat 40
now even i know who feel falseman is sir let me ask you something i know you're in pambich have
you have you been listening to the leaf follow show does that explain your present state of mind sir
no there must be something either in the air or in the drinking water up there that is affecting you
but when you come down call us back someday we'll have a good hard hard chat with you okay
twelve fifty six let's move right along to gainsville hello hello um i think that was dean jr
call from boka actually i just got in from gainsville and or i have to tell you it's
incredible just to hear someone there when i put that up line that line did i say gainsville
no i said gainsville information i'm even i'm not that stupid sir what do you never know i don't
hear what johnny dark says they don't hear us in gainsville or we'd be getting calls from alin
every day well so i called you a while ago a couple of months ago told you that uh work down he was
gonna be up there and he didn't actually cause too much commotion but uh it's getting to be a real
circus town up there because they they have this uh i don't know if you heard about it but they
had dwarf tossing in gainsville yeah it was it was in a in a bar called uh the animal house this guy
midge wilson uh goes around and midge yeah is he related to midge because stands about he takes
oh yeah um and he goes around and uh offers to i think the price of a thousand dollars for
the person who could toss in the part of it and i understand that bob mayor is going to be going
up there for two more years yeah well we got they got some guys out there so anyway uh
can we show him some short sub-oh well anyway i also have to say that uh i agree with uh
grand on the sports thing i mean i enjoyed playing sports but just just kind of watching him
it it gets pretty boring i'm a mazer by guys who spend like seven hours on a sunday watching
two now listen let me let me quote great great man of god jimmy swagger who said that sometimes
watching is almost as good as participating i don't agree well in some cases but uh yeah i know i
have a couple of roommates that uh that you know go to school up in and just have tons and tons of work
and they just spend like like eighteen hours sunday from sunday to sunday just plastered in front of
that well first of all years ago now i'm a big sports fan don't get me wrong years ago i used to
get into that kind of thing when when it was quality but now the national football league is so
diluted with mediocrity see people keep bitching about the dolphins or this specific team it's not a
specific team the league the quality of play uh you know expansion is caused this tremendous dilution
of talent in all sports and it's diminished to such mediocrity now that basically what you've got
is a mediocre sport so to be able to sit there and watch it for six seven eight hours you've really
got to be desperate yeah no doubt you have to have no life at all reminds me of during the strike
when some people actually were watching tape game yeah oh yeah i remember that and watching those
scams sunday afternoon yeah at least the mystery picker was picking scabs not watching
them well listen it's great here and from you and give our regards to everybody in games build
a allen and all those other wonderful great america okay and uh well i'll be in town for a few
weeks so uh we will be monitoring you and uh that'll get one okay bye wow okay well listen we're at
the end of the hour and uh we got one of the most disgusting programs whereby you can share it
out you can share it out you will do spag you will do spag you will do spag you will do spag
57 degrees is just beyond believable and even the slim rich over here has said that it is brutal
out there it is just absolutely can't believe unbelievable i'm sorry Jay we had to say it
okay one oh six and w i would eat their final hour here on a Tuesday and uh
54 minutes i guess now i guess for teniohks show up with that check it's empty i think
by the way even if he doesn't show a mind is not coming out of there in other words it's in
there to stay but i just um wouldn't be really dismayed if we were disappointed i don't think
that's going to happen he'll show up you will okay here's somebody who's a big hurry and west
gesture hello hello on a pay phone and we got right to you right yeah thanks a lot we don't mind
around kind of cold out here i heard you people about i was driving my car and i heard you people
bashing contact sport hello hello not not you people just mr bird over here just a but looking duck
you didn't hear me bashing it oh okay i wanted to get mr duck's opinion then of uh judo and full
contact tyquan doe stuff like that my opinion of it well see i have a different opinion sir about
actually participating in a sport and passively watching a sport i think they're very separate
things so if you're participating in it and doing it i think that's like uh whatever it is i think
it's probably good for you know it sounds like you're like almost accomplishing something you know
what i mean well have you ever seen did you watch the judo the uh the uh the judo competition
is definitely boring no i did not watch it now very boring but years and years and years ago i did
that for exercise like 15 18 years ago i used to do judo and karate for exercise purposes
well would you would you consider that a sport or hmm i just not what lee has gone on tomorrow that
rabbi who does judo i guess it's a sport yeah what else would you call it well it you know it is
judo sport but yeah um but i'm not not for spectator i mean boring with the boring
spectators i would think so you wouldn't well would you condemn people for participating in sports
where they might you know get bashed in the face no i don't want to condemn people sure you do
because like it's only me you don't want to you just got through doing it in the last hour
condemning people to watch football that's what they want to do that's their business it's just
you're condemning them you're being judged by you're like one of those right wing board again
douche bag it seems like a waste of time to me well that's your opinion if you're participating in it i
think you know what uh what's at risk and i think you know you're aware when you go into it so no
i would not condemn people well one thing though at least it's good for self defense if you know
you absolutely i agree especially on the street exactly especially if you're standing out in the
cold at a payphone yeah all right well thanks a lot you guys okay wanted to clear that out okay have
a great life did we see you got no he got the cue there when i said especially if you're standing
out there in life if you get it inside out of the cold he doesn't have to worry about judo
or go to jitsu or any of that okay we got a mobile on eat hello hello it's the girl from picket
daily again why you need to buy a way to point and come and say hi me a lot got sleeping low boy this
day has been started has been created all the celebrities are calling what do you mean i didn't
put you on what is wrong with you oh then there they go disappeared boy you talk about dumb and
that voice sounded very familiar didn't it sure did was it am i thinking of who you're thinking
of now you don't i'm telling you the voice when he said he didn't even put it on uh-huh i would
bet a lot of money that i know who that was a kidding sometimes celebrity in this community
huh somebody you don't get along with too well okay let's move right along don't make it up
waterdale hello how's it going now it's terrific man we've had every celebrity and would be
a celebrity today you can shake a stick at okay um you got a call on there talk about that
always is everywhere on the tape i was wondering if you get the chance you can play that i know you
don't take requests but i see that i got a video on mtv and it's been like about three or four
months since i heard it well see i got a real good excuse on it i have it on cd but i haven't put
it on cart yet so i can't do it until i get around to that all right they made that a good excuse
that's good no it's legitimate i mean it's true it's yeah it is that's pretty i'm not that would
just doesn't mean if i hide it on the cart i would necessarily play it either but i'll get around
to it so as you can do that can you do a shorter one for me i used to live in hollanda on these
play that hollanda vice boy it's right it's amazing there it is i'm not gonna be quite you know
it's your show and you do what you want you make this this is your audience out here yeah they
don't sound like requests that's for sure but i got news for if you if you used to live in
hollanda you deserve anything you know what i'm saying have a great life you just bye now seriously
anybody who lived in hollanda especially that young he sounded like he was under 100 absolutely
and he sounded like he was a little desperate
there two Miami cops with a hot new beans there on the street fighting
grime they pop that they can't face there
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hell and day old vice we've got a problem the creaking is a school
of dreams we've seen it isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get
the early bird special after seven years they're back in town let's go get them
yeah stop it nothing the clean of the street hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to cross
in the light yeah they're determined to clean up this muckeling business all right to serve
your under arrest also now you're arresting my wife watch the charge session to powder i'm gonna
first let's see that white stuff yeah just a thought you got over a hundred bags in here
wait a little restaurant you just came out of let's take a minute
yeah there come the in Miami cops on a hot new beans in alladale vise
reviewing this fall on mbz you notice he didn't say coming soon this fall because in
hell and deal nothing it's 111 and we have another celebrity caller i believe in line two hello
uh...
uh... you know the time you know the day you sound like you're off speed center
i think i just want to say thank you to you and i said this morning uh...
we're being there out now that you're gone and we're going to okay
okay this is this is sunny jr uh... it's in one of your birds that
well my birthday say how do you sound like you're about 48 rpm is boring sunny
well don't forget to say your birthday is November 5th on me
and i think it's November 5th and you know what's that i think we'll have an agony for it
all right that's Greg that's our friend Greg yeah that's be down
who just called a minute ago on the other line he was uh... first he was at um
pick and dilly and how he's at the sunnies we like all these calls he's gonna let Bobby Q
isn't he boy boy pretty good impression now see something now captain day will be all
upset because we talked to Greg oh guys
see and closing why it's really rough when you got to reach for this it's a good time okay that's
enough one thirteen at w-i-o-d but we really the real sunny um is still in limbo somewhere when i'm
getting nervous because it's already a forty seven minutes and counting and uh...
maybe sunny is on his way to toyota of hollywood and w-i-o-d
oh why are you awake very much as there's the king i don't have him in a round much for a while
but i want y'all to know what up here in rock and roll heaven all those think it of you
with Christmas and i have to give y'all a special Christmas message a message of peace
like uh how about a little piece of that time going by
thank you for that one
walk over to the land Christmas is a time of hoot time of joy the time for love and
and i share with love takes life that feature you got there okay what would
what no more or what do i owe you our Christmas
your Christmas to me means family if family means friends the friends means getting together
and getting together means eating all past me that time to say which place
wash like it like a run-bore
now just a little straight here right now you know i'm maybe a big star maybe too big
but ain't nobody so big you can reach out i help in hand
all right helping uh a hand uh oh yeah
hand me helping those my stators over there which i believe like it
make it everyone now i have a friend
ain't nobody so big you can stoop to help a friend of need over the holiday season
let's begin the season you're gonna pass me that soul sugar when you get the chance like it
yeah just just those screws of color that's right like i'm gonna go more so let's Christmas
why don't y'all take a tip from old ails now i don't leave those stay-taps right where they are
you know what i mean no i appreciate it thank you i want you to remember for all part of
y'all's great big family you know god made man into his own image and look at the mirror i'd
have to say god must be a big big center again you know what i mean i like you dear but i
especially want y'all to remember this one last thing when y'all this home is Christmas
springing that popcorn up on the tree save a big big bowl for the can extra butter to what i mean
what you do like you like it like it way more cut it out
cut it out one eighteen at w i o d now listen getting back to the when congressman
larry smith called about an hour to a go and he mentioned the department of agriculture we've
got a phone number because a lot more people it's a toll-free number and since most people are
a cheap and be lazy more people will call a toll-free number and you know suggest that that
meat that seven thousand pounds or whatever more than three tons of meat that could go to waste
go to the committals house another similar type agencies all over the country
one eight hundred five three five four five five five five five five five five five five five
that's the USDA and call them and let them know that uh you know you've heard about that story
or read about it and that you agree with congressman larry smith and you want them to do something
immediately pronto do a release that stuff and get it to a people who are desperately in need of it
and not have it destroyed or go to waste and also if you've got clothing blankets or food items
and you're up and brown or wherever our good friends at quick delivery and four-lotter
day will be happy to pick them up and bring them to the committal sounds so you can just call them
quick delivery they're at forty five forty three power line road and four-lotter day or just go
over there with your goodies and they will get them down here okay great nineteen past one and we've
got a um not a celebrity now not even close in the four-lotter day hello hello
yeah how you doing okay the guy leaves it to form he gives to the radio station what a water boy
is to a football team okay whatever you say sir what he wants to be the Dolphins water boy but uh you
know the reason why the bird doesn't like sports is because uh speak up sir you don't have
to whisper speak up i lost my voice from what were you at the game no no i hate the dolphins oh
great another one of those another mystery picker junior oh hey don't show up great
um he's a communist oh come on sir is whatever you say you didn't know that what is your
stem it's a twenty past one boy you got some sick friends out there no more i know the sense that
all i just done don't anyway make me say uh moving right along we have an open line where we
just uh hung up now did you know he lost his voice yeah and as his vocal cords were shrinking away
so with some of his uh the other matter yeah uh sinking through the bowels of the earth five two four
w-i-o-d let's go to Hollywood hello hey bird yes sir doesn't that game just cracking you up okay moving
right along boy they're out there today aren't they i think those last two were probably called
in the same bedroom Miami hello yeah yeah i just like to kneel speaking uh kneel yeah um i'll say
i'll tell you something um when you're on say i used to have a picture outside your studio
of you with the Beatles whatever happened that wow what do we whatever happened to it still there
as far as we know it's probably still there uh i was wondering what uh now what you go over and
yeah go over and check it out pal boy man are we getting some dead heads it time we got brain dead
pinheads get rid of them man they thought even the slightest bit like like on Ed monotone hang up on
them don't survey i'm just get rid of them all of us sudden out of nowhere this you know what this
is reminiscent of remember about a week ago we had the last hour the last week last week with a very
quick calls that's what this is reminiscent it's like desi rua as witchner would say as um desi
rnez would say Miami hello Neil how you doing okay i have a question about the ratings this book
you got yeah how do they take those that just a random survey or well it's not a random survey it is a
scientific sampling alleged of the uh you know they'd routed in south palm beach or wherever they do
it by phone or by mail or no they do it by with diaries they take they take some diaries around
personally some they mail out with letters and whatever okay just care about that one thing a
bird yes sir uh carry marman report oh no wait a minute wait a minute hold it hold it they didn't
see i told you the other day they keep messing around with the hair on these women okay on channel
first they messed around with dianne magnum every day she'd have a different hair do and one you know
and now yesterday here's terry meriman and they've cut all her hair off all of it she looks like
she looks like the singing none now she needs to go on the neutral system program too i look like
her hair already did you can't see you can't see her below the uh the chest oh is she a little chunky
oh very issue oh huh oh yeah really oh yeah oh seriously they messed up her hair is something fierce
they've cut her real real short and um looks like a skinhead almost now have you seen her in person
yeah i saw her uh at a little bench she did at a bowling alley and she's a little at a bowling alley
i had a bowling something with now wait a minute she wasn't there with and bishop what she is
holding it like come on and she's a little chunky is she oh yeah i didn't know this like
disguised it on the on the TV well you can't see below the chest that's right and you know
at the end got on below the desk not much leather yeah well i love your show my checks in the mail
for the kimola house and keep up the good work thank you you're our first to sing caller
this hour great that's right have a great life you two now our second i think that's not bad out of
48 okay it's 24 past the hour 124 wiod and we'll continue with these spectacular calls in a
second over again
i guess that the q and hey where's that going what what's he doing with that machine gun oh my god
oh no that was his wife he was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence
now she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in and oh starring and pick up
please i'll see you tonight at five six hundred eleven
stop and oh she took the news into her own hand what are you going to do with me when i get
through with you there won't be a number of you left to make a good soup for Don No
and
starring
knocks
a
at WIOD, the home of sanity and an otherwise insane place, right?
What an hour is it?
It certainly is.
I'll hear to prove it.
Talk about insanity.
Speaking of sane, let's go to beautiful West Palm Beach.
I don't know, Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Great.
I just turned on, I just turned you on today.
I don't know if I'm giving you all information to hear that
with leaf-out is yesterday.
Not the show we did, but at the end.
No.
Well, the RFC, he can't idea if someone was in a way that was
contrived to bathe and he said, it was a yellow and yellow
in his community.
So that was a pretty ponderous hour.
Oh, no.
Lee, baby.
No wonder he's ashamed to call us, OK?
That's embarrassing.
That was part of it.
Hey, Berg.
Yes, sir.
Where'd he go off?
No, I just...
I want to tell you, even body and Clyde, never stole as much as Fowler has in
last, I don't know, a few months, incredible.
It's terrible.
I don't listen to what I just was slipping through and I heard it while yelling
and screaming, so I figured I'd listen for a little bit.
Yeah, that'll generally do it.
And that's before his guest got here.
Please always yelling.
Is he?
Well, listen, have a great day.
All right, thanks for all.
Bye.
Take it any.
130 at WIOD.
If you're not familiar with the WJNO primal yell, tune in to Lee Fowler.
Man, there's something there, isn't there?
Talk about a screamer.
And we've had a lot of screamers on the phone today.
Believe me, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Just terrific.
Are you real or a make-believe, sir?
I'm sorry.
Are you for real or make-believe?
I'm definitely for real.
A couple things.
Bird, number one.
No, no, no.
I saw Terry Merrimon at the heat game.
You did?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
You saw Terry Merrimon in heat?
Well, that too.
How was she?
Well, she was sucking down a few cocktails.
I am, I'm on.
I'm being serious, too.
It was right before her special because I saw the news that night.
I'm a rerun right on the married to the bad.
She was on set that night.
I'm saying she was on set with Ann Bishop and right before that.
I don't know if it was Ginger L or not.
At the game, she was...
Maybe a little dietary, sir.
Yeah, right.
But the guy said he saw...
She's not bad.
Looking at all.
She's not at all.
No, I don't think she's bad looking, but what they did.
Did you see her on the news last night?
No, I didn't.
They have cut her.
It's like, you remember the scene at movie?
That was then, and this is now with Emilio Estabs.
And Frank Sheffer.
Well, anyway, there's a scene where they all get drunk and they take assizzards
and they cut this girl's hair all off.
That's right.
And that's what it looked like they did the portary last night on the newsman.
I mean, her hair is like all on the cutting room floor somewhere.
Exactly.
Those people at Channel 10, I think Brian Norcross is arranging the hairdos.
I really do.
I don't know, either here.
Or the little guy.
Either that or they got Walt Kronai's doing what the shaky dumb is doing in haircuts.
What about... what about a massing gal?
What about him?
Well, come on.
I know. He's a real douche.
No, but he's pretty hot.
She got some hits.
But I...
Who massing gal?
No, no, no.
Also, one of a couple of things.
Did you see after, on 60 minutes, uh...
Yeah, the hang-in judge.
Yeah.
And she was on...
How come she wasn't on Steve's show?
Well, he doesn't have those chronic guests on anymore.
He has original different people on.
Like Bob Furnstin and Rick Ciderman.
You're not just front and forward, am I?
No, it's just a joke.
Didn't you hear what I just said?
Yeah, Rick Ciderman.
And Alex Rubin and all his original guests.
Every other day.
And, uh...
Well, Alan...
Alan is busy.
The hang-in judge is busy riding that bike.
Yeah, right.
Hey, Bird, I know why they don't let you do the news.
And why is that, sir?
Well, because he used to make so many errors.
And he didn't pre-read his material.
On, uh...
You know, I have that bird bit where he messes up all the time.
Yeah.
And this is a hardcore news show.
Well, that's perfect for our audience, sir.
Yeah, right, exactly.
Doug Ketchon.
Doug Ketchon, after we've been here long enough.
I think you ought to do something from the tab, Lord.
That was great.
That's very serious.
We'll bring it back.
Oh, great.
I have one other thing about the ratings.
Yeah.
And I don't mean to take up too much time.
Do they have a section for, like, the overnight DJs?
Where who has the big share?
No.
They don't do that during the day.
Not after mid-autumn at all.
No.
I mean, there is such a thing, but we don't get it.
Oh.
Okay, but there is...
You can get it if you're desperate.
But there are so few people listening overnight that it's not worth, you know.
I see.
I was just curious.
I was wondering...
In closing.
Yeah, in closing.
I was wondering if you could pray that...
That song and Harry Bitt about...
Jewish Polkinoes.
I was really...
Coming up right after the news.
Are you serious?
Well, it just dawned on me, yeah.
Great.
Have a good one.
Say goodbye.
Bye.
134 at WIOD.
Let's tell you about the brick-oven pizza rear, as Ernie would say.
No matter what you call it, the pizza is sensational.
The people who read Soundflow to magazine have voted at the best pizza in Soundflow to two years in a row.
It is unique.
It is totally different.
Small, personal-sized pizzas cooked in those wood-burting brick-ovens in just three minutes.
It's not one of those places you order your pizza and then you read war in peace before it comes to the table, man.
In just three minutes, they will have it to your hot and delicious, just the way you like it.
With any of the toppings you like, or just the cheese and tomatoes, which is fantastic.
And of course, all kinds of great calzones and sandwiches.
The garlic slices are out of this world.
They're big zine and spaghetti are fantastic.
And if you're out of diet, they've even got great antipostas and other salads at the brick-oven.
And when you stop by, you might be out.
Right, another 500 and bring it in tomorrow.
Yeah, right.
You have your checkbook video here.
I don't usually bring my checkbook in.
Sonny, are you that insecure that you bring your checkbook to work with?
That's great.
Thank you very much.
It really is a thousand.
How do you like that?
Incredible.
I'll be damned.
That way, to my mind.
Let's take a little and ask you a question.
Hermitemic beaner.
I'm going to be really clean that out.
But they didn't give me a dime yet.
So, how do you hear him better than you can, you?
He's like closer to the microphone.
He's laid back.
You can hear him better than me, really?
Well, different tone.
Well, we're different kind.
More like a broadcaster.
One of the reasons I like Neil.
He stills into an unceasing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What did you think of Bead out impression of you this afternoon?
It's like he's using a computer or something.
Yeah.
He was really screwed up.
That's why we knew it wasn't you.
He was dropping out and everything.
And he wasn't muffled.
So we knew it wasn't you.
It was a bigger fan because I can't do him.
Well, let's not get into that.
Okay.
Six to 10 a.m. 25 to 54.
That's what you really want to know.
Oh, I have a movie for you.
Are you going to listen to me?
I'm going to give you a big boost here.
You went up from a 4.7 and a 4.9.
And that's that 12 plus.
No, that's 25 to 54.
I'll get to that.
She, you know, be patient now.
We can just relax.
Who beat us?
Speak singly.
Oh, geez.
Now we got to go back again.
Let's make it right.
Magic.
Had a six.
Wacky, which no spaghetti glaze, Zeta, all of the drop from a 7-1-2-5, that's surprising.
Isn't it?
And the Reneerie had a five.
Zeta is dropping like a rock.
You know, both.
Neal's enjoying one of the few times that a dancer can enjoy a slide.
Tronch is a game.
Tronch is a game.
More.
More doing.
More is it.
So I think.
So much.
Because you know what they say, what goes around comes around.
You know what they say?
So they solved the problem over there, sonny.
You know, they turned the corner.
Yeah.
Number three of those shooting for some of them.
But it's going to be number 20 through that.
I like to.
What was the logic you expressed a while ago about?
You'd rather have like a two five, you can sell.
Oh, yeah.
Don't you need to be like the time to replace the sales department.
I don't think I'm answering.
Well, they've solved the problem.
You guys worked without your phone, didn't you?
Yeah.
Because we have overhead.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are you not afraid?
You can hear it.
For everyone has overhead.
Oh, I see.
It's gone.
Put away that trick, folks.
I can't find it.
I can't find six to 10 AM 12 plus.
I will find it here.
If we have to stay on the real estate.
Well, I can climb it.
We went from a four to a four five.
All right.
Here I got it.
Let's see.
I think that's a liar.
No, no, no.
We said this already.
We went from a four to a four five.
Number five.
Beatin, not only by QBA and AQI, which no speaker in English.
Renere, you had a six one in life, which doesn't count.
So basically you were second among the real radio stations.
Great.
That's great.
And I'm congratulations.
Yeah, congratulations.
Thanks a lot.
I have any idea how you keep doing it, but be grateful.
You don't want to miss a whole show.
Is that what you're saying?
You know why I want to take this time on to make sure that Neil's going to agree to that
grand.
No problem.
I will trust me.
There will be another 500 here.
And that's between us.
That'll be two grand, which is a real good deal.
I appreciate it.
By the way, my vet is much better looking at you.
Is it?
What color is it?
It's black with black red.
How do you feel?
We're going to take back.
You just give us the show for tomorrow.
We'll take a poll.
Which you're red or black, folks, on vents.
Yeah.
Well, nice being here, but you know, our boons waiting in line are.
And your 10-year-old program director will get really upset if we give you too much.
And herman and queen, thank you, sonny.
You're very generous.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for the good work.
Thank you so much.
Thanks, sonny.
And the other promise we won't go on FM again for at least six months.
This Steve doesn't Steve look like what's that guy Steve Rees?
This is Steve right here as a matter of fact.
He's got that gladiator look.
Yeah, he sure does.
Gladiator.
We understand it.
We know you're humorous, honey.
Thank you very much.
See, I told you, sonny, you can't escape, sonny.
And also he's going to shine you.
He's going to shine you.
Really gladiator.
Okay, say hi to him.
You're really gladiator.
While you're crossing Hellendale Beach Boulevard, be careful, sonny.
Now that's terrific.
A grand, okay?
He promised 500 and he brought a thousand.
And I'm going to bring another 500 in tomorrow.
Great.
Okay.
I'm glad to do it.
By the way, it's all tax deductible.
It's a charity.
It's all tax deductible for those of you cheapskates out there.
So that should motivate you.
I mean, here are two of the radio big wigs.
And of course, since Greg called us, we expect him to be coming up with a check.
Mm-hmm.
Which he's been very generous to him.
Ever we did the thing for the holiday fund?
Wasn't it for that?
Or was it so far?
Whatever it was.
What far he contributed.
And Tanner up came up with a big check.
And your good friend Irene got a check.
Well, she did.
Yes, she did.
Yes, she did.
I mean, don't hold that against her.
I know.
You don't want to hold anything against her.
I know.
You're so...
Man, you ain't had to gloves and even w's news.
It's a good thing I don't have any guns.
I'm just going to run you against any former stations.
You know, although Jada at night had a point to him,
but I just thought I'd mention that again in case it's a deal.
Well, beat him.
So, you know, we got to give him a break.
Oh, God.
I hear woofy radio beat him to at night.
11 before 2 at WIO.
They want to tell you about me.
God.
And now the first one of the Americans with me is Roger.
El Abraham.
El Cuba
212 006
Understand
So that's where we are.
and I brought in the 500 being a cheap skate
and I'll bring in the other 500 tomorrow, no problem.
And you know, you folks better get on a bandwagon now,
okay, make the checks on today while you're motivated,
while you hear that the big shooters are doing their thing,
you better write out your check for 10 or 20 or 50.
And again, if you want one of those cassettes,
which are gonna be ready, well, at least the master
will be ready on Sunday, so they'll start going out
next week, then a $20 check or more to Camilla's house.
Don't be a piker if you can afford more than that,
then you know, make the check out for 50 or 100,
whatever it all adds up big.
And you know, a stamp self-adreced envelope,
a 90 minute cassette, right?
And if you don't have the envelope life, we'll go on,
we'll still get it out to you.
And may let the Near Rogers WIOD Miami 331-41, okay?
I just want to remark about what a star-studded program
has been an incredible day.
This is like old times again, like on INZ,
on a kicking ass station.
Three years, one more time.
For the West, one more time for the West Coast
to make it complete and really bring back those memories, okay?
Kick an ass with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida
from the keys to the Palm Beaches, even out to the Bahamas.
This is WIOD.
Oh yeah, this was WIOD.
Say this never was, this is WIOD for those
who aren't quite sure and we want to make sure you are.
Let me say it again, WIOD, but that was WIOD.
He wants to put a plan, that's 18, these numbers, man,
it's a shadow of its former self.
True, we don't want to rub it in.
Well, yes we do.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
I called the USDA, I thought you'd be interested in what they had to say.
Okay.
First of all, the lady wanted to know who was giving out their phone number.
Yeah.
It's been inundated with calls for the last two hours.
Great.
The second thing was that the meat was sent from Connecticut
and the reason the decision has been made to destroy it
or hand it out is because they're not sure that your affection
it may go back to Connecticut and therefore the state of Connecticut
will decide what to do with it.
If they're interested in it, if they'd afford it,
then it would be the state's decision to destroy it or hand it out.
Yeah.
The meat is not contaminated, it's frozen.
And as they understand it, the only problem with it is it's too tough.
What is it?
It's too tough for their standards.
That's yeah, but it's still very edible.
And I'm sure that the people are starving to death would not quibble,
you know, one way or the other.
Right.
She said to call back either tomorrow or the day after
and they would have the name of the person responsible
for making the decision to destroy it or not.
Mm-hmm.
Great.
So call them back.
Okay.
And they still know who to get on.
All right.
The number again is 1-800-535-4555.
Right.
And it took me about 20 minutes to get through because...
