Before yes, I'll tell you when to kill it. You know who you're leaving this up to you know leading what up to
Turning it off. I mean I appreciate you putting all this faith in me, but no, they'll give you plenty of time
Okay, but I'll see I have a dot button
So even if you should let it go the first time which I can't imagine anybody being that stupid
Even you I just I'm just hope my tarot syndrome. Yeah. Yeah, see he wants to let go
I'm gonna get hell for just even
Are you gonna talk it up though?
No, I don't want to step on August moon. Okay, I might step on Peter movie, but I don't want to step on August moon
And the spur of the moment band. Yeah, them too
Well, I was driving down I 95 the other night
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road
I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get mad
I wrote a song about
Goes like this. Okay, that's as far as we go. I think that's as far as we go
What the great thing here in Stereology, you know, I just have so much confidence
I said that's as far as we go and then he had this like little
Lapse his reflexes suddenly got very slow, but yeah, that was good to hear again
I never heard it in stereo. I'd heard a whole thing would really be something that would be a first over here
Wouldn't it but then I just blank out that no?
They did that on the AM and somebody from Portland had a nervous
Nelly attack the other day and I just leave so even with it leaves
Absolutely went bananas a man who's put all of our lives in jeopardy even art flimming
Ever saw the kind of jeopardy put all of us in and yet he comes down has the unmitigated gall to start being nervous
Nelly again
I'm getting out now
And you know they I know it's just so ridiculous and they've taken away 80% of our men
See I want to go on record today very clearly because it's one thing they say hey, well, we don't care
Fine, that's great. We care. Mm-hmm. Okay. I mean, there's just no way you can have any self-respect in his business
When it take away 70 or 80% of your material and you can't even say good morning without somebody raising an eye
Brise it well, she wouldn't even mean by the way that kind of dirty the way he said that and they do that to you
And so I just want to say it so that people are aware that we have no choice. I mean they've taken away
99% really anything we can do and so here we are
You know and we're just showing up every day
We're having a great time and there's all kinds of spots in the log and everything is wonderful and some of the spots are a little
Risky yeah, that's true some of the commercials have some pretty risk case some dirty stuff in here to be honest with you and
Some of the music that they program the rest of the day many of the records
I could if I repeated and some of the words are in the song we'd be history by seven o'clock
Okay, they'd be down here with a Zeta van to drag us all away
Well, I don't would not push your luck. Okay, let's not here. Let's let them play it on a rest of the day
So we don't get help for that and but that's just the way it is and people there are those people out there
You've heard some of the calls when I was on with Stan that day last week in some
Caller and he his intentions were good. I understand where he's coming from and he's good
Well, you know you're too important to them and you got these big ratings and this and that and why don't you you know
You always stood up and you never took crap from management
This but the point you get to a certain point and it's like you have a choice to make you you continue paying your bills and having a livelihood
Or you know see you're out on a beach like Johnny dark
Knowledge it's true and in this business even when you think you're on top of the world
You've seen too many other people like friends of ours who've been out of work for too long because that's a kind of business
It is especially if you have any talent. Yeah, if you're a no-talent douchebag may be a job like that no problem
That's funny that you mention it because they're showing job service right now. Yeah, well you better take some notes
Okay, unless no how to read a rule or Portland doesn't listen to the music
They don't listen to the rest of the day. No, they just listen to the talk show
Yeah, they can't hand so that's why they get away with playing those records
Portland that's why the aim gets away with murder too because nobody is listening over there
So when they do something really outrageous disgusting and vol- nobody cares because nobody is listening to it
Okay, so if a tree falls in the forest that now that's an interesting question if a tree falls in a forest and there's no one
Anybody listening in Palm Beach County
That is one of the things that I've wondered ever since I was a child. I always wondered about that if that big oak tree
Yeah falls in a forest is anybody in Palm Beach here?
So the questions when they say those words on the AM that's why nobody nobody hears as is nobody in Palm Beach County listening
Of course, Dave and Broward that's another whole ball
That's a story that we can't even begin to get into here. That's so it's so sorted the Dave Broward story
630 on Zeta 4 your
Non-communicative station here on a Tuesday morning. Well, Clarence just called they really well, it's wonderful
They were not taking calls but Clarence still called in yeah, what do you say one of these days?
I'm gonna find him and I'm just gonna put my hands around his neck and just beat the crap out of him
Really but for now I enjoy here having him call now you're taking it personally now you're getting
I just have this desire just to beat the crap out of somebody
It is an interesting study inside college. You the fact that here is somebody who despises me allegedly
It's such an agreement yet is there every day
I mean if there was nobody else out there in the audience no one you know at least that Clarence would be there
Okay, see it seems to me if I didn't like a TV host
You know, right? You have turned it off. I wouldn't want you know see that's what most of us would do
But there's something out there. There's this compulsion this obsession
Mm-hmm
In fact, we do have people who despise like to see us just
Riding and agony on the rack twisting in the wind who make a point of listening
Every single day who wouldn't miss a minute if their lives depended upon it. Okay, if the house was burning
It's a lot of people they go up and flames with it because they wouldn't have the time to divert their attention from this program
And the Orwellian thing about it is he hates us so much and now he's like a character on the show
So somebody ran into it with a furious throw. They say hey Clarence turn to this morning
Yeah, yeah
That is so be I'm on his show. I'm gonna get the end boy
Ask Rosadogra. Yeah, yeah, he probably will be showing up signing pictures at our next thing
You know
Surprise me at some strange people show up but our things you know
632 on Zeta 4 and we haven't taken any calls. It's almost an hour that's gone by and I don't really feel any guilt or any
Pressure from it. I don't feel that we've done anything evil
I don't feel any void in my life. Do you know we have a feeling if we haven't missed anything
That was a very good way of putting it. I couldn't have said it better myself. We haven't really missed a thing
We probably missed several people saying oh hey, we really love your show and oh it's great
You and the high-level burden captain day that have a wonderful day and audio sir. We've been there
These are pretty terminal phone calls. Yeah, and it's just a kind of town
It is and like I've said for years if the people on the air can't be more entertaining that a bunch of would be amateur hour
Would be whatever they are would be human beings out there in the audience and there's something wrong
Well three of them so maybe once in a while on the show from now on we'll take a caller too and that's it
It's a good idea the first three that I answered asked is Neil there so it might not be a good idea. Yeah, they're really sharp
Wow shop is a multiple soggy July day. That's a good question. Do you think what is Neil there?
Is he?
Good question. We'll be having the answer for that in the seven o'clock hours
We should have called all your friends and neighbors say yes
Guess what y'all I could do the whole show. We could do our convenience store show and we can talk about rednecks and
Pickled eggs and sausages
sure
And of course now that they also have lottery tickets man you can you can camp out at you toe
You can just take your brown bag and go down there and camp out the whole day and have a couple of pickle eggs and buy some lottery tickets and
scratch them off and
Well, I'm kind of a circle K guy. Let's get some of that red man and put a little chaw in there and
Hey, what the hell else could anybody want then by three o'clock you'd be brown bagging it with a button and a little brown bag out in the parking lot meeting all the other brown
Baggers
Johnny what life is all about Johnny dark. Johnny. Depp maybe
Johnny. How's that the convenience store? Well, he's gonna know Johnny. Depp's got a little more class than that, doesn't he?
Well, he lived outside of convenience store one time. Oh, but he was in his car
He only went inside for real urgent necessities
Like he'd go in to see mr. Whipple every once in a while. I bet don't you wonder about that when somebody lives in their car like
How do they take a shower? I mean a windshield wipers don't do that good of a job
You know, even if you got good washers. It's just
And it's a good Vietnam, you know when it starts to rain you grab a bar of soap and
And run out. Listen, that's a hell of a good idea if Rick weaver's listening to the show right now
70% chance of showers is right. There's a good thing
Anybody in the neighborhoods got an extra bar of right guard or or of dial rather
Or a right guard couldn't hurt too. You know
Afterward, but some dial or ivory or iris spring or something just grab a bar and head on out
They just stand outside for a couple hours start making it and when it starts coming down that lather yourself up
And god, it's a free shower
It's right to work and it'll make headlines. I bet you he'd make CNN and you PI in the whole bit
Don't you think sure? It would certainly be a major news event in this town
635 on zeta four wzta my me beach for a lot of nail upon beaches. Oh just Delray deer field and for all you and teaks in
Dania and we'll come right back the neo-rogy show
Unbelievable even the competition agrees. It's the best morning show in south larda
Now you can take part in radio history with the first collector's edition zeta morning show t-shirt
Grab them now. They're available only at participating south florida specs crop tops tank tops t-shirts
Even triple extra large all in living color and all
Unbelievable via zeta morning shows in one dollar goes to help the Camilla sound speed the homeless
Where is zeta morning show shirt and find out how to make friends and influence people
But most of all keep your radio locked on zeta four with neo-rogy's all morning and classic rock all day
94.9 zeta four t-shirts produced by crem de coconut
neo-rogy's the rock and roll monster
I'm clear in this time. I'm gonna prolong with 18 till seven on your antiseptic station zeta four
Are you having a good time there with you?
I said it and I notice you're looking at a lot of pictures this color is some into colors. Are you really?
Okay, boys and girls. Let's get out our creolas this morning
And let's take the mimey herald and the sun sentinel and colorize it all the bland black and white newspapers that mommy and daddy are trying to read this morning
While they're busy taking their shower or whatever else are doing get out your creolas
And color it up, you know like take some
Red for example. I go over where it talks about those commie pinkos
And just swear read all over it to the point where mommy and daddy can't even read it anymore because it's kind of depressing anyway, right?
Or it says something about the cremlin and grubbichoff and the summit now this is important into the spaceball players fashion
I think that is pretty important and now who is this much more important
And that other look at that all dolled up at rj Reynolds isn't that exciting?
And I like his tobacco company by the way they're one of my favorites really and here's Barry bonds and Mike Diaz all in color and
Jeff Robinson
And Darrell coals and John Kangaloci. I don't have any idea who the hell that is. Oh, he's from high alia
Is he I never heard of John Kangaloci at all anyway. This is about baseball players
Fashion oh these are the pirates. Oh excuse me. I don't know who John Kangaloci is
Well, that goes to share that's why I'm out of touch
I mean, I do recognize these other people but the Darnell coals and Barry bonds
rj Reynolds, but what the hell could I say that we haven't said
Sooting up the pirates and the styles of summer
And we got a full page with color pictures and
diagrams and body parts and I don't think we can discuss that any further see and there's who's that on the front of that
Now who is that that's uh
George Lynch. I don't know George dockens George Lynch who's dockens. I don't know
Did you ever heard dockens dockens dockens?
Not me
Wow, where's Lynch rips into an ear blaster that we can kick off to the heavy metal monsters are rock tour
Oh, that's I mean, hey, there's a group on that's in your repertoire dockens
Is anybody in the audience who's dockens? I know old is ready to be sitting in the dockin on the bay, but that's about it
Oh, yeah dockens. Yeah dockin. Yeah, that's with van Halen. They're gonna be here Saturday night in Miami
that's that
What do you mean it's with van Halen? What does he got to do with that? What's a tour playing with van Halen? Yeah, so that's great
Yeah, Eddie van Halen. Uh-huh. Who they say who they help be dockin. I don't know. Is there anybody in the audience who knows dockin?
Heavy metal not this crowd this audience don't know dockin from sockin, okay
971 tons of sound stage and lighting gear for the monsters of rock tour
And this time is really just on crazy about it hasn't
Dire about all seven of those pinheads or into that stuff are gonna be there with bells on man
They just go and nuts this is one main dance yeah
645 on zeta 4 and time for this
Hello, I'm michelle is the schnook and tonight's on masterpiece theater episode six of the spuds mckenzie chronicles
As you'll recall when we last left our pooch face protagonist
He was seated poolside wearing his customary dark glasses and wildly playing his bongos
This bizarre because of exhibition apparently acted as an emperor deezag on the scantley clad bimboes
Attending this hedonistic affair and within moments these new-biased impacts were stroking spuds head and clearly displaying a perverse
sexual attraction to him
Well quite a dilemma for as we shall see tonight spuds is about to go into heat and begin a torrid affair with that little doggy
Who chases the chuck wagon stage coach across the kitchen floor and under the sink
So do join us won't you for must-to-piece theater I'm michelle is the schnook
you
Docent yeah
I know we get them on real quick like
DJ docate
I'll tell you how come to the audiences this morning now there's got to be somebody out there who knows from docin okay
Sure and you ask you and it like still nothing you know like there's a couple of blinks here and there these people are dead
The walking day
And laying down there
It is frightening isn't it but the
Have no fear the rain is just pouring down cats and dogs and they're pretty happy about it the centaurie house
647 307 on Zeta 4 you're absolutely a totally
Responseless station and these this town boy just absolutely dead isn't it you're right about this day totally and thoroughly
This could be remember the song the night Chicago died
Sure of course I do this could be the day that South Florida the whole part of it just died
It's been like an intensive care for a long time
But this could be the turning point like somebody turned off the oxygen
And you've been in the eight-track room the past couple of days I know it's because of the rain, but it smells like sewage in there
Oh no jay michael just came back to the Bahamas again
It does he just brought some souvenirs back from the Bahamas from that one hotel
You know where they have the shaggy dogs melody over here
It smells like sewage in there it makes you finish the commercials faster
Maybe that's part of the attack to get people out of there a lot faster
Anyway, we have food from shells coming up later on today
We got seafood so we're not worried about it. We'll survive
We got our food coming we got one hour already killed here this morning almost exactly an hour
And the rain is coming down like crazy it just pouring pelting down here in carol city it is brutal
And it's gray and dank and now I know how Noah fell
haha
I'm cereal this has gone on for days and days and days on in them. No it relief in sight
Nettle end when this week you're sure is an official of prognostication
I do the weather, don't I? I don't know what I'm talking about it. Now it's not gonna end tomorrow
But by the weekend you know you've been talking to that guy in WWR
Loyalty young
Hello homestead
Oh, he's
Funny
I like he's no water. Cronice but
Yeah, do you have the seal of approval from the American meteorological society?
He has the squeal of approval right well, let's just see if my prediction comes true
That in swing over the day sometime by the weekend would be something if it never ended wouldn't it if it just goes on like this forever
Because I get that feeling and just horrible
Gray and dank indie print no one of these bastards out there
No, I want to get out of bed and go to the phone or anything. They want to just lie there and
Never get out understandable
Remember that time it was I think it was either 80 or 81 it was like this for two months
We kept a record of it every day was either cloudy or it continually rained that's true
Why summer times are swell in South Florida
Do you do oh is this mean it's news time sure does that's your cue all right 10 before seven
Zeta and we missed it because of the clouds, but this was the morning at 653
Which is the medicine way you can't see it the blue moon
I talked about last week
And of course this only happens once in a blue moon
There is a blue moon up there today now actually today's event has nothing to do with the color of the moon
It's actually the second appearance of a full moon in the same month
However officials at the US Naval Observatory in Washington say there is such a thing as a condition in which small particles in the atmosphere
Make the moon look blue
And they say this doesn't happen often it happens about once in a blue moon
So we missed it today. Sorry. I saw some of the light from him but no
A luckless man has been charged with a string of robberies in which you take a minute
Oh, I'm sorry. You don't want to recap. So anyway
There is a blue moon this morning 653 which is about two minutes away
But it's not really a blue moon now and we can't see it because it's all overcast
Oh
Like I said before there's nothing I hate worse than novelty records. Okay
You know that was worth waiting for anyway a luckless man has been charged for the string of robberies in which he took
1500 lottery tickets and hopes of winning the jackpot
Didn't get the million dollar winner police Miami said he was booked on charges of armed robbery and grand theft and connection with three separate
robberies of seven eleven stores last week detective
Says it was the first case metro day detectives knew of which a robbery a robber
Only took tickets. He didn't take any money didn't take any food nothing just just ticket
Priorities mostly cloudy today showers and thunderstorms are likely rain chance 70 percent
High only in the low 80s
Tonight still a good chance of showers low 74 and it's 74 this morning on theta
It's 652
Six minutes till seven on theta four and because food's coming
And just a little bit from the shelves this morning. I thought maybe this might just kind of fit into the tenor of the whole show
And
Guys
He
Is
Okay, it's 65 now we weren't gonna take any calls at all, but we do have a docking fan on the phone. Is this correct?
That's me now what be what be dockin sir
Dog can be like a two-bit
Heavy metal band. They're really not much. They've been opening acts for like seven years
Really on other words, they just come out in a tease for the amps about 30 45 minutes when they go back collect a small check and go home
Yeah, they sing a song to the nail and a couple others
I'm going to the concert, but I'm not going to go seek dockin
No, I don't think too many people are buying you know grab it up docking tickets
No, no, not really have when they come on. I think that's what I'm going to go by my shirt
Wasn't a great though that they have chosen in USA today to put a big picture of the elite singer from docking in there
I know there's so many other groups like scorpions, you know, that's a big group
Yeah, really and they're not even headlining them you know, it's like you know our docking
You know like who cares about that?
There's another way to look at it isn't it about time after all these years and all these months that they've been going out there and
Doing their thing and probably making very little money and getting no publicity isn't nice at somebody finally recognize them
Yeah, I guess so all right dockin. Yeah exactly
That's here for docking right this one's for docking, you know, I'm going to go and just you know
Yeah, my brain's out just for docking exactly. I think we had I have a gigantic group of docking fans here
I'm more of a you know scorpions Metallica and fan Helen fans. Oh, yeah
Kingdom come
I know that you're gonna hate to miss the concert and whatnot. So I was wondering if you want me to bring I'd like to
Bring you back a shirt, you know, I'd lock yeah, I'd give anything for a docking
Yeah, okay, I'll get your docking. Okay. We'll be looking forward to that with baited breath. Okay, right?
Neil I want to ask you one more thing. Yeah, you're that new cheap trick yet. No, and it is a good tune
flame
Yeah, but you said you said wait a minute wait a minute you said you said new
Yes, new. Well, see new is we don't play from new around here. Okay, we don't know what's no
New Roger show it's like at a point anything goes just about right? Okay, I'll go out and buy it today and we'll play it tomorrow
Okay, you know, you got to deal. Okay, all right see you after the concert. Okay docking
657 on Zeta 4 now that's true. I got to go out and buy anything we want to play on the show
It's it's really like kind of a joke at this point, isn't it
Maybe we should alternate like one week Glenn buy about four or five CDs and the next week I could buy a few and
Pretty soon we've got the only station in America where the morning team has to go out and build the library
I never heard of such a thing. I keep saying that and the Rose never technology never in any way
acknowledges that like they replaced one
CD no two or three two or three
As a matter of fact all these that says new CDs on the on the door no, no, you're not you're not understanding what I'm saying
They were they reimbursed me in other words they gave me back
The birds okay the best of the birds
and the guess who and the animals and I do see them in the record stores constantly
So it's not like they don't exist. Well, they don't just get this feeling that they kind of like the fact that I'm spending 80% of my paycheck
Going out and building the library up. Yeah, it's a little ridiculous like working. It's kind of like a minus
cash flow situation. Okay, well you can write it off though
You can write all those I don't want to write it off
I want them to go out and and do something. I want them to get their stuff together
Okay, and go out and build a library and if we're going to be classic anything
You've got to have material you can't just keep playing the same you know 800 CDs
750 of which we don't play because there's nothing on them. I mean we do have this expansive library near the room there, but if you notice
Most of it doesn't get played. There's a lot of stuff in there that just gathering dust on those shelves
Like the best of docking
They don't play that
Yeah, right
Oh, god
Yeah, white snake 659 on zeta 4 here's a quick look at those scores again
And as I said at the beginning of the show I don't want to discuss this
I don't want to get into it and it's obvious the audience right from the beginning didn't want to discuss this or anything else with us either
Selvix beat Detroit yesterday 7 to 9 to 78
I don't want to hear about it. I see the word weird there on the USA today's fourth section weird doesn't come close
To describing it. It was an exhibition was shameful disgraceful both teams out of hang their heads in shame
And they all ought to be arrested for impersonating professional basketball players. It was there was disgusting
Okay, and majorly baseball in the American League Indians for the royals one Texas six Minnesota one
Brewers beat Toronto 4 to 1
Mariners beat the O is 4 to 1 red socks five the angels two and 14 and a's the ace beat the damn Yankees 3 to 2
Ashley pirates beat the braves 14 to 2 comes 12 the reds three
Philly 7 to pod raise three the expose over the giants 3 to 2 the aster's beat the Cardinals 5 to 4
And the match beat the Dodgers in last night's big ABC extravaganza
In the first of two as a matter of fact it was a met's three and the Dodgers 2
Seven o'clocking exactly on Worcester WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beaches
So sis what'd you and Rom do last night? Well since it was our anniversary
We thought we did
Oh
Celebrating birthday today
This woman is having a merry heart attack people are buying more twizzlers for let it
If she doesn't receive immediate medical attention she'll go into permanence indication
I've just received 200 cc's of lidocaine and had these electrodes attached to my chest
Learn and recognize the early warning signs and uncontrollable crossing and uncrossing the legs
Excessive perqueness as an annoying preoccupation with the superficial and Rob Lowe's favorite Beatles is Ringo
When he was killed call your local merry heart association today
Because just one merry heart is too many
Okay, and I wonder how many times that shows on today. What about six or seven?
Great. I can't wait the more of the better
It's a minute past seven on say to four your phone call is station
I just you know they say that when you stop like in baseball or any other sport
Whatever it is or I guess actors to the same thing when you stop having fun
That's the time to retire, okay
And I got to be honest with you. I'm just not having fun this morning
Are you having fun?
Uh, you're always having fun. That's the problem as long as you're working you're having fun
Uh, I wouldn't say I'm having a bad time now and I see that's a cop-out that's not a direct. There. That's an easy
That's my question. I'm not having fun because uh, this is it's so depressing
It's like standing up on an empty stage and giving all your best material and really belting it all out any audience is just like
Not there comatose. Yeah, this time and just puts you into deep into a rip van winkle kind of mentality
Hmm
Now I'm just not having fun. It's time to hang it up. I think I
Mean there's like a message in this. I think that there comes a time like the song says we are the world
There comes a time when uh, it's time now don't ever react, okay? Yeah, we're gonna feel a lot better when shelves comes in here with the food
Yeah, you can't eat for four hours every day. Although it is certainly something to think about
I don't know about that. It's too bad. We don't have any cards or something
Yeah, we get a card game going this morning. How about old me? That would be good for this time. I'd go fish
Yeah, old made rainbow fish. Yeah, or go fish old made. I think it would be excellent. Okay for all our friends in a allen Dale
You know, I just want to suggest something to you when you get in your automobile this morning and to drive out and you wonder where the usual traffic
Jamies and where there's nobody out there. I was okay. They've all left town over the weekend
Well, they sure weren't out yesterday. It was like a ghost town really yesterday. Didn't you
You get the feeling like we're all alone like everybody is gone or dead. Yeah
Like a possible everybody died over the weekend and nobody you know, it didn't make the paper yet like on the beach
Do we have a hero yet? No, no
See that's the first piece of evidence. You know, why the delivery boys so well how can I put it delicately? Okay?
So this is like a movie. Yeah, this is like now. What was that movie with Charlton Heston? Oh
The Omega man. The Omega man. Yeah, that was a good movie even with a fascist like Charlton Heston and there was a good movie and
um, not seriously and in fact years before that the original one was with Vincent Price and it had a different name
But it was the same story and it was after your world were after this nuclear holocaust and there were just a handful of people left
And they were all running around looting supermarkets trying to find something that was edible and
Just totally paranoid running around with guns ready to shoot anybody else that they have perceived to be a threat sort of like Miami
Yeah, exactly kind of like going into Miami right now
You know what I mean
Boy, this is gonna make you feel better. Is it really?
The weather today. Oh jay four minutes after seven on zeta four do we have to do this? It has cleared up a little bit
Still I see some blue I see it still a couple of rain drops dripping down a carol
But there is a little tiny patch of blue, but wait a year this
Mostly cloudy with showers and thunderstorms likely rain chance
70% today. Oh
High only in the low 80s. I feel like Rick and Spud's you know
I just can't wake up in the morning. That's how I feel like I want to go back to sleep
I mean if the audience wants to be asleep
We can be asleep too with a window open and the rain trickling outside
Tonight there'll still be a good chance of showers low about 74. I think we might even play the rest of um
That record
August and the uh spur of the moment spur of the moment band. Yeah. Yeah, that would wake him up
Is sure would 74 degrees this morning at zeta four and it's coming up on six after seven
707 on zeta four on a just wonderful Tuesday morning man
This is so good that I'm ready to go back home and start putting weebies back on the grill
Weebies. Yeah weebies on the grill. I bet your Bruce Jenner cooks his weebies on the grill
Anyway, there's a little patch of blue. I was thinking maybe we could do a play by play on the clouds and a cloud cover
Because there's some real heavy cumulus over here and some uh syrus like up in the upper atmosphere there
Some wispy syrus. That's the first blue I've seen since like last Thursday. Yeah, and they're a little bit well yesterday when I left when I went home
As you got north of steward 84 it wasn't raining anymore and it was it wasn't that bad wasn't great
And then of course within 30 minutes it was pouring cats and dogs up by me, but um, so there was there were moments
Yeah, and when you're on the air course if there were people listening this morning which there aren't but if there were
You know, it's kind of bizarre because there are people listening in certain places where the sun is shining
And it's pretty decent and then there are other people where it's just pouring down and you're sitting here
And you're saying all these things and you can only judge by looking out this little window
Right
And your perspective is limited, but I will say this the wind is blowing at a pretty good and pretty brisk rate in the
Upper atmosphere there and it's zipping by those lower dark. Thank you. Look at that. Look how it's clearing up even as we speak
I'm cereal
But I don't think it's gonna last I think it's gonna
Come back the clouds and the rain. I do. I think it's said. This is just what are you some kind of a communist?
Just a brief. Why do you have to say? I don't want to get your hopes up
I want to be a real optimistic that we have to sit here and hope that it's
I'm not gonna be I'm gonna be up weeks on end. I'm gonna be realistic
Sorry. Oh god. You're gonna be in this town and you gonna be realistic. I don't think you're gonna survive. I couldn't do it
I have to blue sky myself if you part of that expression all the time. Oh, that's why you're doing that
That's a Bruce Sanger. Oh look at that look at that blue up there
I'm just a little hole in the sky there Bruce Sanger a
Jr. That matches Bruce's the hole in the head
It's 709 on Zeta 4 and I'm gonna give the numbers out one time and if you are something I'm thinking to myself
Who am I kidding? Okay, in other words the only reason we've been doing what we've been doing for last hour and 20 minutes is because we have an audience that doesn't you know
They got on a new tangent now
It's like we've gotten to get another phase of apathy
So therefore we're like we're working five times as hard and
Just straining here to make some pretence of enjoying being just
Ignored okay by the masses out there
And this is supposed to be a talk show. We're supposed to have these enthusiastic loyalists just get on the phone
And hey, what's going on? I mean, hey guess what the game released stunk or man
Do you remember in 72 when it rained for 400 years in a row and what is something you know? Mm-hmm
These are supposed to be people who are alive or least pretending so you can try and I think I don't think that they're pretending anymore
I think they're finally infesting up to what the real story is here in the land of the walking dead did you talk about a
air conditioners?
No, no, did I talk about air conditioners? Oh in other words, I missed the spot is that what you said?
I didn't miss well. He's got the word live. There is so many times and he jams all of these in one hour, you know, it's just
Oh, so you're gonna talk about that now oh
Yeah, what the hell why not
I'm about the weather and all this is a good time. No, I agree. Is that all right? Sure. Oh
I'm looking forward to it. We got traffic too when you're done great. That's good
Well, maybe we won't take because you're not all it up
We got five lines for you, but these people are dead
Maybe the show is pass A maybe it's all over with okay, and that's that's fine
We'll just come in every day and play bits. Well, it's been fun. I feel like somebody else. I know you know, and like I said
It's not it isn't a direct response to the footage but when you come in in the morning at six o'clock and nobody wants to talk to you
Then that's a different story
That's a whole different ballgame. That's like a slap in the face. You know what I mean?
Like that. It's like a kick in the ass. Where we have five stinking phone calls. Yeah, we got six stinking calls on there
On our six stinking lines
A brown-heating air conditioning is in South Florida to stay. They're no fool since 1956
Broward heating an air has served the fine folks of Broward Palm Beach and Dade County with the same ownership quality and service
And now is the time to escape the inseparable heat and humidity with a brand new air conditioner from temstar
Temstar air conditioning systems are designed for the future, but they're available now
With advanced features advanced efficiency and there's a model and size
Just right for your home or office Broward heating an air would like you to rely on the star temp star
My temp star cooling from now till July 15th and Broward heating an air will throw in five years of worry free parts and labor protection
And when you tell him that Neil Rogers sent you they'll also give you a free permanent static air filter worth
125 bucks
Broward heating an air serving west Palm to Miami column toll free
1 800
525
5045
That's 1 800 525
5045
12 minutes after 7 on jade of four you want to do traffic? Yeah, anything you want to do that's uh up to you
Eastbound 836 going toward the city is backed up bad also an accident at 112 west of 12th avenue
Two accident southbound 995 one is approaching Mimey Gardens Drive and another accident southbound 95
Backing up traffic from 112 all the way to 79th Street also an accident Oakland Park Boulevard and Inverary Boulevard
And an accident on flamingo just north of Hollywood Boulevard
That's all
I told you there was nobody on there tonight
I told it was like a veritable ghost town
There are two blackbirds out here right now, okay singing beetle songs on the lawn
