That's right. What is I can't remember the title, but it's really good. I played it. I promise in stones. I need you tonight
Do you think that lead well? That's not getting to that now that's anything that lead you let's the only guy in his station
You can play stones. No play stone
Yeah, he was good as say you will by
I saw that yes to my right is that's a black and white
Granny horrendous. Yeah, it makes no sense at all. They got the ellipse and the glass and as a matter of fact
I know who those lips might belong to
643 on Zeta 4
The Mick Jaggers looks are bigger than Dan Marino speaking of Dan Marino
He opened up that new Italian restaurant last night. Congratulations and all the free plugs. You got Dan all over TV
Channel 4 must have some kind of incestuous
Relationship with marino because man did they give him
Unbelievable free coverage like every day when a new restaurant opens its commonplace for all the local stations to give them like about a
Three-minute plug right? Where is it and to tell everybody how great the food is?
I'm not gonna tell anybody where it is. I missed or anything about it. Okay. Like he really needs the money. Yeah
You know what I'm saying?
Scrum I shouldn't say that. He's okay. He's a great quarterback and a wonderful guy and he's got big lips
It's a 12 before 7 on Zeta 4. Oh, I'm just I'm not into that like self-serving jump on the bandwagon
Let's raw raw for the sting and the
Hurrick. Did I say the sting? Yeah?
What is the name of the team again?
What team the basketball team all the heat? Oh the heat? No, what did I say the sting?
Well, it was our must be the concept coming up anyway
Or whatever it is the hurricanes all this other stuff the shill stuff, you know? Yeah, it's one thing to be an athletic supporter
But let's get serious. That is a good name though. Yeah, the sting. Why me staying better. Yeah, we better call the police
That's a better that's a better name. Okay. Should we take a call before the news?
Couple of lines open and day and of course as soon as I said that we're gonna play a five minute cut
Almost everybody disappeared. You know, that's the way you people are you have no staying power anymore
Remember back in the early days of the show. I guess the novelty is worn off
Is that what it is? How loyal they used to be our boils in a list. They would hang on forever
Yeah to get to talk to us now. It's like it's playing a record
Scrum. That's like that kind of stuff. Yeah
We take one from Broward County sure hello. Hello. Hi
I've been trying to get a hold of you since you first came on the air in October
On the FM
Mm-hmm. He used to call you on the AM really with the ones from Rochester, New York and Canada
Agua area we used to call you. Mm-hmm. Let me tell you something that happened
We went to I love the reverb on the car. Yeah, that was a big mistake
That's right and we ordered some white hats and we had the mail to you direct from airfare
You know air freight. Yeah, what happened to them?
They were they were refused when we sent them there. Wow. Why is that I have no idea
It just said customer refused and we mailed them to the station customer refused
Yeah, oh, I'm not here. They weren't not by me
I may be not by you, but they were refused because that's what it said on the box. Oh, that's great
Is that was returned to us? Oh my god
Well listen, I thank you anyway for the sentiment and I wonder who the idiot was here that did that
Well, I don't know, but there was an idiot there that did and then we were a lot of idiots here
And then we weren't be it you know able to get a hold of you any because you had gone into the FM and every time we tried to call you
Align was busy
Hmm, but anyway, that's what happened and it was refused by somebody over there
And I just want you to know that we did do it for you while I appreciate the sentiment was there and that's what counts
But anyway, let me take something out. Yes
Somebody driving around in plantation with a driver's license
I mean, you know one of those license plates on the front. Mm-hmm. It's a Zeta 94 Neil Rogers
Wow, where did the hell they get that? I have no idea, but I saw it in plantation. It says now the Broward Mall
It says little Rogers on it. Yep. It's a Zeta 94 in the corner. Then it had Neil Rogers in the other corner
Hmm, but if you don't know where they're getting them. I have no idea. We don't we don't have them
They must have had that done themselves so they must be but they're just a couple of them in the Broward Mall a couple of them
Yeah, there was a big round the front of the
You know in front of their cars. Well somehow I feel really pretty stupid, you know, because I know nothing about that
Yeah, well, they're there. I'm sure that our promotion department knows nothing about it either because they're real stupid
Well, they're around trust me. Okay, listen have a great day and thanks again for the sentiment
I'm sorry that they didn't get here, but I didn't get a hold of them, but you know, well, okay, thanks
I buy another shame. Yeah, some jackass sent my white hats away
My sentiments exactly
Robin Williams new movie good morning Vietnum is number one at the box office
It was the top draw earning almost $12 million in its first weekend
Next on the list was last week's leader three men and a baby with $8 million in ticket sales and a third place shares brand new release
Moon struck with five million dollars by the way the next film on the list is called
Return of the living dead
Park two. Oh, I can't wait for that. That's about how I'm doing. Yeah, it is as a matter of fact
Story for Stan major now
Couch potatoes will rise up from their sofas this weekend at the
Hyatt in Lincolnwood Illinois that'll be Saturday and Sunday the couch potato weekend
It's called and that will include a discussion of TV therapy and also
potato Olympics
And I have a feeling there's not much to those I don't know anyway. I have an 800 number if you want more information
It's my I'm betting on the skins myself
1 800 228 9000 to get you more information on that get it potato skins. I got it. No, I got it
I just wanted to make sure you know
Don't worry. It's a slow unspeak. I know you can order LA law
When the pilot the shut the hell up. Okay. The pilot for the NBC series will be freaking me out again
It'll be in the pilot will be in video stores in March
It's a 97 minute cassette and it features the episode that won the show three Emmys including one for best guest star who was
Alfred Woodard one for best directing and one for best art direction partly claddy today with a high of 82
Load of night 70 and it's 70 degrees at Zeta 4 at 653
1974 it doesn't have to be old to be a classic
For it's the Neil Roger show on Zeta 4
6.56 on a Tuesday morning here on Zeta 4 4 delicious incredible Mexican food served fast without the fast food taste
You have to try Fiesta tacos in Kendall now that not your average fly by an eye taco stand Fiesta tacos has been a business for 10 years
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it and everything they serve as cooked from scratch
It's not incredible look at that
I just looked at Captain Dave when I said that and he just totally panicked everything they serve as cooked from scratch with only the freshest homemade ingredients and believe me
You're gonna taste the difference at Fiesta tacos tonight is taco night
That means from four o'clock this afternoon till closing you can get your choice of three beef bean or combination tacos for only two bucks in 19 cents
It's a great deal. It happens every Monday and Wednesday night. Wait a minute
Just a minute it says it's a great deal. It happens every Monday and Wednesday night at Fiesta tacos is today Wednesday
Are you become like a tongue tide or something in there now? What is your story? I'm talking on the phone. Oh, I you're talking on the phone
Yeah, well, you know one of my duties is to answer the phone. Oh, I see well excuse me
Okay, now I was a little confused because let me say it again
It says tonight is taco night at Fiesta tacos
Mm-hmm and it says it's a great deal and it happens every Monday and Wednesday night
And well tonight's not Wednesday
Oh
My screwed up here like I thought today yesterday was sure was not Monday
It's somebody playing a trick on me. Is this really not Tuesday?
Well somebody called and tell us what day it is well anyway if you're into burritos you've come to the right place because Fiesta tacos
This is sure you're Valencia when she comes in here. I'm gonna ring her neck like a chicken, okay
By the way speaking of chickens the Santa Ria House must be doing okay
Do you see the big white El Dorado sitting in the garage there? No, no brand new one. Yeah, I like that me on light behind
Marys head this must be doing real good there. Yeah, well, it's a little halo
Anyway, if you're into burritos you've come to the right place because Fiesta tacos serves up the biggest burritos
You've ever seen I mean a burrito so big that even Jeff Stryker would be envious
You would your choice of feelings like beef chicken being in combination burritos and you've got to try those potato skins
Which we were speaking of already moments ago jam pecked with great combinations like beef and cheese chili and cheese chicken and cheese and
Traditional sour cream and onions Fiesta tacos is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner Sunday through Thursday till 10
Friday and Saturday until 11 for the very best in Mexican food is Fiesta tacos
They're at 139 21 North Kindle Drive in the Kendi El Akes Mall in prestigious
Kendall and if you buy a regular beef chicken or combination burrito you'll get three free beef tacos
That's the unbelievable new
