I'm at a experience this yesterday was like two hours today
I feel like it should be 10 o'clock already really well on that cable. Let's just pretend it is you move that clock ahead
All right, so I move this one ahead. I'll move my watch ahead, which is no big deal
That Arlene man, I'm telling you know, what do they got a big number on an a.m. And she just a cackling up a storm
I wonder who she stole that from
What is this? I always knew Arlene could lay a gigantic egg on an a.m.
And the wait till the next book comes out. Oh
That's young Neil that's that's Neil Jr. I'd recognize that anywhere
Oh, that's the egg junior
Are we gonna do the idea are you just gonna screw around in there? I'm gonna I'll tell you what if you don't play the idea
I'm gonna play a record. Now what the hell are you gonna do? Oh?
This is WZTA Miami Beach ford Lauderdale and the Palm beaches the Neil Rogers show. It's eight o'clock
Now that is the egg junior isn't it?
Yeah, it is. Oh, I have a story. I didn't
The story I didn't get to we were so busy. I wonder if I could mention it to you go right ahead
I see you were really moved by that
Really got into that in a big way by the way just before you do that
I'm supposed to mention that on Gonjus Grill Day
There's gonna be a thrill on the grill
That's because Jeff
Jeff Jeff or whatever the hell is name is gonna sit on the grill but anyway he's got what a trifecta man
George Thuragu. That's right today's the day
Elvis Presley and Rod Stewart. That's not Elvis Jr. This is Elvis Sino
As in dead yeah
Yeah, he's in very dead yeah
As in fat
drugged out
Dead
But he's the king but he's still a king. Yeah, well look at me. Okay, go ahead
Now what was your story we're gonna do? Well, they did a 25 state
study
That showed the proportion of overweight residents in each state
And the lowest into the state where they're the skinniest is Utah
I wonder what 14% are overweight. Oh, but that's because they counted all the Osmond brothers
Oh, yeah, and the state where they're don't they look anorexic. Yeah
Donnie looks a little anorexic too. Mm-hmm. He always has Utah and the state and Hawaii also came out 14%
By the way, there are no fat Osmond. Oh, there is one fat Osmond brother isn't it Jimmy?
Jimmy Osmond he's a little fat. Oh, yeah, looks like Tom Likus. He looks like a little Tom Likus
Well, the state with the most overweight. Well, he looks like a little house Tom looks like a duplex right was
West Virginia had the most fat people 24%
And that's weird because they have the most unemployed. How where do they find food in the coal mines?
A lot of poor people in West Virginia. There must be a lot of calories in coal, huh?
Well poor people they say tend to have more weight problems
And that is a studies from the Center for Disease Control. Well, I wonder if that's Oferous problem
So they made 27 million last year. That is she's been dropping the weight. Yeah, she's been hanging around an opal ockie
It's a 803 on Zeta 4 that was certainly just mind-bomb
We just ran out of time. We couldn't do that in the room. We were to be sure to get that in
Okay, you're acutely a surey Valencia is listening. Whatever you do don't move to West Virginia
She's like just chronic tired. She just obsessed. She lost a lot of weight
Yeah, she did lose a lot of weight, but she carries it to an extreme like last night
She didn't even want to eat forget what it was, but she didn't want to drink the water I think yeah
I think it canaries too many calories don't squeeze that lime in my water. There's calories in there
Don't you think she's lost enough weight? I think well she's she's on a carrying carpenter routine now
Yeah, I think she can go on with her life. I think she's lost the weight and
It's fine to me. Yeah, mom
Maybe she'll bring her boyfriend from her ex-boyfriend from Gainesville down. She promised me some great things last night
But then again, I've had a lot of promises in my life and very few have ever materialized you know what I'm saying
Like in my house. Okay, where are we going right now? Let's go to date County. Hello
Yo, yes, sir Brian Wilson Jr. Here. Hey Brian. How you doing, baby? All right now. Are you pretty good? God only knows
I'm bored together. I you know we missed you the other night at the orange bowl. I bet you did well
I didn't want to get boot off the stage you know
Well, they got rid of David to Brenner pretty quick. crowd was a little surly
I have to mention Jose or as of his Latin orchestra. Yeah
You didn't care for the cut between your school, huh?
Did you?
No, wait a minute you misunderstand that's one of my all-time favorite songs, but that particular
Oh, I understand exactly which I mean I think what happened is
The original on to resemble the rendition that the Beach Boys do at a concert normally they bring out cheerleaders and stuff and oh
So they've kind of changed it around a lot. What a good excuse that is
Yeah, I want you to remember one thing. Mm-hmm. It has to be an old beat to be a classic
Not on Zeta
It has to be obscure to be a classic on Zeta
Listen, we really do enjoy your show. Keep up the good work. Thank you Brian
Boy boy
Peter Bulger in the other room just leafing through that music list looking at over. I'm scared. What does he mean by that? We play only the hits
Now you went over the music didn't you?
It cuts that nobody even the artists never heard of you. Did you point to him the one that artists have forgotten already?
I mean if it's a classic
Then it's immediately even a moron like me would recognize it immediately right
Even a jackass like me would recognize it if it was a true classic and he won't look at you
No, he's well. He's pretending that he's not listening
Playing hard to get he's laughing his brains up, but he's pretending that he's not listening and he just won't dignify us with
He's because he knows it's true. He's looking at the list and he's saying boy. He's right. These are one of a bunch of stiff records. He's worried
You know, let's let's start playing recognize
I know it's a revolutionary idea, but was there something wrong with that that we play songs that people have heard before
I mean, it's not against the law even in Florida
Maybe maybe in Broward County
Nick Navarro doesn't like too much of that popular music. What is that is the egg loose again?
That's at the egg. What the hell are you doing? I just had something sitting here. Yeah, it sounds like he's got a being his bonnet or something
Yeah, can you can you tell what this is we knew you had to bug up your ear
You know, I don't think he has enough to do in that room. I think he's probably got a lot of spirit time
That's why he disappears for a long period of time now would be perfect wouldn't
That is the egg junior yet is. Mm-hmm. I like it. My right was at the egg junior. No, that's a human baby
I think we're all that's Greg that was his show the day after the book
That was his show the day after the book came out. Yeah, come on Greg be a sport, would you?
We haven't talked to them in so long and I guess so we probably won't be talking to them again soon at
It hurt. Well, I have an idea, but I don't know if I should say it on the air because we don't want to tip our hat
What's that how we could talk to agony really? How could we do that?
Well, if I tell it on the air and don't alert him then we won't be able to do what if I play a commercial and you guys can talk
Oh cake and I'll take tell it to you first off the air you're playing a commercial. Yes
Is that a signal? Is that against the law here at the Zeta?
Yeah, that's pretty revolutionary. She's good. I want to give you a list of this cap. Yeah, I've got to okay. You got to
Yes, I'm flexible. Well, when you got to you got to
It's the Neil Roger show on Zeta 4. Thank you Lee. Butch up a little will you pal?
It's 808 on Zeta 4 on a Friday morning and we've got a great letter here dear Neil Glenn and Captain Dave
Wow, are you ready for this? All right. It's addressed to all three of us. I'm sitting down
I'm too old to be a fan, but I'm certainly an appreciator my compliments and thanks to all three of you
You make mornings in the car tolerable. No downright pleasant. Mm-hmm, but
Oh, however, but now a complaint great
Too many butts in this town. You know what I'm saying? Too many butts. Yeah
Making light of criticisms of the Ville industry. Oh
Geez they got us
Can you believe that I would do that? Thank God. This is you guys
Because I'm not into locking up little baby cows either in the dark
With just feeding them bread and water. How about if we shine a flashlight in there
Yeah, that would be bad
Yes, of course slaughter is
rarely fun and games for the creature being slaughtered rarely
Well, what's in a while if they're into SNM
But I think poking fun at people asking others not to support the horrors of the meat industry is unfortunate speaking of unfortunate
There's Mark Cune
What does it say? I understand it might be just a joke
What was so funny about that? Oh, sorry. Oh would you is this show disintegrating again right before my very ears
What was that song by Chicago right before my very ears? What was it? Yeah, you know the one I'm talking about that's it
Not today, my mom. I understand it might be just a joke or just a radio station
But that doesn't mean it isn't effective to be sure some of the nonsensical slogans of the animal rights groups seem to invite sarcasm
But there's that big butt again
But the horrors behind their drivel is very real real
I've toured several stockyards and slaughterhouses. I left a different person. I've toured several stockyards and slaughterhouses
That would be nice to find don't you find that little bizarre yeah like when they go on vacation
They tour like Omaha Chicago the stock yard. What a great day. What a hell of a way to spend vacation
It's like being back at doctors hospital on sunrise boulevard
By the way plantation middle school. I noticed the other day is right by that big stench
Really? And I think the parents and the students there ought to be a class action suit against the city of plantation
For that grotesque stench. It's there like it never goes away, man
Either that or maybe it's coming from the school
As I said, I think you show is the best thing to hit the airwaves in years and it goes on and on and on but um
However, I do hope you'll take seriously my suggestion that this is not something to support with humor
You
Now would you put your gerbil away please just relax oh that was the llama it did sound like that was sounded like the dolly llama to me anyway
You know, this is this is so ridiculous in fact
I'm gonna go out and have some vio Parmesan a Jamie and Marseys house this weekend
Just out of spite
Parmesan yeah, like we just they somebody we know would say yeah, you know who that is
Feel that way well, maybe a good to play to Ville Marseille
I would make me feel that way, you know or Ville Piccata or Ville French a sounds good. Oh, I love my Ville boy
Don't take my Ville I don't give a damn there baby cause or what they are you know you hypocrites out there like when you eat seafood
Are you worried about like the stone crabs? I mean once upon a time they were alive they were falling there still alive
The stone crabs their claws are clipped off and they grow new ones. Oh, that's right. They only clip one claw
Oh, and I'm sure that the rest of them just they just turn them loose right they don't leave them in the dark and lock them up
No, they put them in boiling water
Speaking of being left in the dark. I think they put them in boiling water. Yeah, here's Gary Lauren speaking of in the dark
Now he's not here yet. Don't write it down. If he wrote it down cross it out or erase it. Okay. He's not here yet
He probably won't show today, you know
Wouldn't surprise me. Oh, yeah, you know him
Anyway, no, it's just like all these other things that you eat that were once living like all you
Suza there with your escargo
Snails
Oh, by the way, I was gonna buy one of those but I wasn't sure how far an escar goes
You like you like snail I asked the a dealer that how far does an escar go?
That's a coin. He said it goes at a snail's pay
I didn't have a laugh cute up sorry
Well, I'm glad you didn't because why should you be the only one? Okay, it's eight eight thirteen on zeta four and those phones man
Have been just sizzling today, you know, it's still yeah, it looks like a veal Parmesan platter it sizzling so hot
We need a little marinara sauce on there a little uh Parmesan cheese
Would use now this is not the Jeff Gonser show would you cut that out didn't you see what that stuff did for him or be the book?
I've been begging I've been begging Gonser get rid of that corny crap haven't I did I beg him?
I plead with him on the air. Well, not listen to me the man will just not listen. He hasn't learned
I mean maybe that cornball crap makes it big in LA okay like an anaheim perhaps
Well, that's kind of a Mickey Mouse part of the city, you know, it's it's Friday. We never use sound effects
Well, let's let's not start now. I'm so glad you found it okay
In fact, why not wander around the rest of the building and see where they can be put to the best use like on the AM
Hey, there's an idea. Yeah, Mickey might like that absolutely go right up there on the AM and just dazzle them with BS
It's well there are a couple of people already doing that 814 on Zeta 4. Let's go back to the call
Shall we because we've been remiss again? Yes, yeah, been over there in a while. Broward County. Hello
Good morning Uncle Neil. Yes, ma'am. This is the statue lady junior. Oh, I got your picture this morning. It was just ravishing
Yeah, it looked like Larry Kent and drag
I think I need to go on a diet though. I would think so. Yeah a little too many of those chocolates
Listen, are you still on for breakfast Monday?
You're coming Monday. Yeah, didn't you get my note? No
And my check for the Camilla's house. Oh, is that from you? I haven't read it yet. I got the check
I pulled that check out of there so we could send it out right here's your note right here
Fallen angel. Yeah, oh, yes. Oh, I see. Yeah, don't say that
Oh, I got you and they haven't closed you up yet, huh
Yeah, I'm not
Closed everybody else up in Broward. I know that's because they want to steal all their material
You know what I'm saying? I think like Nick Navarro has got about 600 porno movies at his house
You know what I'm saying? He has a special there for you
Some Jeff striker does he really?
Probably got Jeff striker locked up in his house
Anyway, let's say congratulations hit him hard for a raise you deserve it
Isn't it interesting that she wrote that in the first sentence boy because if anybody needs it and deserves it
You know like I said the other day even if you're an elephant you can only work for peanuts so long
It's a word that letter I got today said the same thing. Yeah, it's it's overdue the audience is demanding and
That's the honey into the man. We're gonna start to be demanding too. Okay enough of this little league BS. Okay
Listen, I want uh, I know you don't like fish. I think you don't anyway. Mm-hmm
Let's gonna make a salmon move which is well. That's good. I'm glad a salmon moves. Yeah, how about bowling cool moose
Either one
How about some chocolate moose
Well, that's better than I will not eat the salmon. I'll just tell you that right up front
I thought that's fine. That's fine. That all right. Oh, yeah
I just love our fresh fruits. Yeah, yeah, I know and I what is that go test drink you like
Cherry seven up diet cherry cherry well can be diet anything. I'm off of that. I haven't had any of that in a long time
Oh, all right any kind of diet
Cola that's fine. Okay. I will be in there with my
$700,000 portion nine twenty eight grade
738 in the morning. We'll be looking for you. See you then. Bye. Bye. All right
That's great and that nice to know that on Monday we're gonna get taken care of. Mm-hmm. So to speak
It's 816 on Zeta 4 and Captain David Curses doing his usual tour of the building
Okay, here we go. Oh, well, at least this time maybe it might have been worthwhile his trip down there under the building
How is everything down there Captain David did you see I said good morning to Mr.
Mark. Oh Mr. Mark. Mr. Mark. Mark in the dark
Sort of our nickname for Tom. How much you like this car?
Uh
This is great
Well, it has to do with legs and fruit and all that
Wait till you hear this a committee. I thought there was a misprint, but it turns out that this is right a committee of canker experts
Can you imagine do you know any canker experts not not personally is meeting at Lake Alfred today to consider whether lift the ban on importing Florida fruit to other citrus states
Gee, and I just got back from California
Such shipments have been embargo to prevent the spread of what was to be taken what was taken to be a virulent strain of
Asiatic citrus canker
Millions that's with an M it says
Millions of young trees were burned in an in-state eradication program right scientists now say the citrus may have had a milder form of canker
Which does no more than blemish the fruit
So if you have a blemished fruit in your house
Said it to California
Because it'll be welcome with open arms
It's what the hell did you give me that for what was that supposed to be with
Like story I thought it was absolutely and of course if you've pushed in the lake and you have a canker
There's probably a good reason for it
It's 18 past eight on zeta four. We're gonna be doing a break right about now
But captain David courses in here playing with the news stuff again, you know, he just gets so excited playing with that garbage
I thought maybe this hour we could get a little bit ahead of ourselves not for the lady who got all or the guy
I guess this is a guy who got all upset about the veal and took it so seriously
Hello
Mr. Ed and if you got a beef with red meat
Maybe you should try the meat that's been around the track a few times
right will burn
That's right Ed real people like real food, but beef can be real expensive
So why not saddle up a steaming plate full of horse
Ah
There's lots of ways to prepare your pony why not try stuff trigger
Philly Phale or sauteed high oh silver and what are you
Will
This why it's my lunch flicking
And this three ounce serving of stallion has only one
200 calories so use your horse sings eat me
First message brought to you by the hoist council new trish's horse
But meat you can bet on
Don't forget post time on a clock at golf stream today
The preceding message was brought to you by Henry's hamburgers of East Lansing, Michigan
That's true. Is that a true story? What about Henry's yet is true when I went to school
They closed up the whole chain because they were serving horse meat and it was delicious
You know these these hypocrites like the other night were at the Melding pot with that big rating celebration
You know like the AM only went down a point in a half or whatever and
We're there with that big party and there are always these certain people in there who will not eat meat
Okay, and it's not bad enough that they won't do it
But they got to make a big announcement a big timmis out of it if you don't want to eat meat fine
Don't eat meat, but don't stand up and like make a big announcement and stand there like a lunatic
I'm gonna be impressed like Gary Lawrence and Gonzer and I think there were one or two others
Oh, we don't gonna eat the red beer here take the red meat
You know that kind of stuff who the hell cares
It's like it's gonna impress us. Yeah, and you know, I think when they leave they head out for the char hut
McDonald's yeah, I guarantee you those are the kind of people that sneak you know on the side
They go through the drive-thru and they get like 16 hamburgers to go I saw Gary on his bicycle at
It's a matter of fact just desperate for that big Mac okay
20 minutes after rate on say to four now. Let's see are we gonna do the break now?
Or did we already do it man? The show is going so fast. I can't I can't keep up with it
Oh
Isn't that kind of amazing and I see that one sounds different because it is different
That's original from goodbye yellow brick road. Oh, but you don't mind hearing that because it's different
But it better is right. I think you're right. I like that a lot sounds great. Yeah
So what did they do they kept in Dave didn't get upset that we played that this morning?
Which is astonishing. I think it's a pretty song, but you know
But that version it's at least a little variety. Okay, so I figured you wouldn't get upset because it's not it's different
Just as the last song we have such a variety to choose from
That I think using that all the time
You know we we used it once okay at the end of the show once two times
I just did it three times you're absolutely out of your cotton pick and mind okay
We never we played a couple of Elton John songs at the end, but not that one we did it once
Okay, there he is suffering from that plantation mentality ladies and gentlemen. That's captain Dave
28 minutes past eight on say to four now what we're gonna do before you did your attend bundy thing
I had something very important
But I was gonna do and you distracted me now. I don't know what I were gonna talk about the punch toast
We had a whole thing we were discussing during that song and I think it bears no it does it bears bringing this out on a year
Because it's embarrassing and it goes to show you the lack of respect
That we get in this building. Oh, yeah, that's true back in the summer. Okay, when the spring rating book came out
And somebody I know had a nine share in midday on w.i.nz
Somebody we all know
Uh, and the station had a six point eight share which is almost unheard of in the modern modern anals of radio broadcast history
I miss market per a m talk exactly English language and there was no
Yeah punch toast. There was no celebration no dinner in fact
You and I had to go out pick up pizzas. We brought it back and sarcastically suggested that that was our celebration party
Now that the a m has gone down from a five to a three nine, which is a rather staggering drop
They're celebrating
They're having a shell abrasion they had a dinner. Yeah, I'm at a dinner and they're having a punch toast
I'll tell you the kind of punch toast that they ought to have up at that end of the building
You know what I mean like a rocky marciano punch, but you see the mistake we made and what is that we did too good
We did too well and that we didn't want it and suck up to the PD is that what I was they didn't wanted it
We did not suck up to management and therefore if I would have had a 90 share they still would have said
Right like they always do what would they have said
Ha ha ha
Nice reading like like the president said at the White House the other
I don't have that on a CD. Okay, you know, well the president's gonna put it out on single
So that'll probably wind up on compact disc. Oh good. It's 830. Yeah, Ronald Reagan's greatest hits
Oh boy, I wonder if I wonder if he got that from Japanese Prime Minister Taka
Oh, I can't say what what Taka Shita just spelled the name. No, don't spell
That's what I was not interesting. It's one of those that you can say, but you can't spell
Usually it's the other way around you might be able to spell it, but you don't get away with saying it
It's sort of in the same genre as sheight
Dade County hello. All right Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, it's Jamie. How are you Jamie? Isn't this amazing boy?
All you gotta do is mention the real promise you on
Yeah, I heard you were gonna come to dinner to kind of excited us
Well don't get to don't get your hopes up now. Yeah, it was just a joke as Jay would say
I'll take it that way you heard we won the lottery right? No
Well, I'll tell you something it didn't come a minute too soon because I just got the bill for your gold chain
What would you mean I heard you won the lottery? Where would I have heard that? Was it in the paper? No
Someone mentioned to me that you had discussed it. No, are you out of your mind? How would I know that in my psychic?
I don't know. I someone said they mentioned you mentioned it on your show. Oh, yeah, right sure, huh?
Maybe I'm wrong, but anyway, it was it was real lucky because like again, I got the bill for your gold chain and I have to pay for it
Excellent. Well, I'm glad to keep your bills paid man. It's good to have good credit Jamie
Yeah, I guess anyway that wheel is getting expensive
Just wanted to check in and
They you know great have a good time. Okay, say hi to Marcy for us now
Yeah, I'm sorry listening
Okay, if she gets a little more indigestion don't tell Stan about it because you know he starts. He's ugly rumors
Okay, okay, bye bye
Revenerage boy, you sound a little subdued today didn't he? Yeah, but if you know to stay plethora
Of comments about things that we allegedly set on this show. Yeah, like about Wilmetco
Now we did take a few shots in front of them yesterday because we don't want to disappoint them
We don't want to let them down and that part is fascinating because the day on which we allegedly made took the shot
We never even mentioned Wilmetco. I mean what what in God's name?
Would we be talking about Wilmetco for what is there to say? What is there to say?
I mean they used to own channel four they run a bunch of movie theaters and they own a sequerium. Yeah, what else?
What else is there to say? I've got some people there who are thin skinned and paranoid. I have no feelings one way or the other about
No, I don't
In other words when I go home and I put my head down in the pillow. I don't think that was bastard
Oh, I like to get a terrible move. Although you know, not that I think about it
Yeah, they do show those
Crows before the movies you know the crows at the yeah, yeah at the snack bar, you know
No that short yeah, they show it before every damn movie. I am so sick of the crows
Yeah, into a movie in ages
As a matter of fact when it comes to Wilmetco, there's only one sound I think of
The Santa Cruz
By the way, somebody said that there were chicken hawks flying over yesterday over the
House
Vultures chicken hawks chicken hawks
And of course
Mike Thompson's listening he's probably got an idea about those chicken hawks but that's that man
I'm telling you so obsessed he is so obsessed yeah, we got some dogs here. Yeah, I'll listen
Now I'm talking to the little dog where he got the little black one
Don't be led down the garden path by the big one because he's a he's a shill for the Santa Maria people
No, seriously he goes out and he gets other dogs in the neighborhood and he you know
Be friends them and he gets them to follow him up to the Santa Rhea House and they're never seen again
Exactly
Okay, okay, leave a Ville Rogers alone. What do you play?
It's 27 till 9 on Zeta 4 this morning is moving along the sunny Shrine. It's good. It's Friday, which is boy
This is great and I'm over my illness finally finally that's great. I'm on a chronic five days this week
Yeah, you are you wear that isn't that something? Let's have a hand for Ville Rogers. You were here five days out of five
You know just out of spite for these militant
Animal fanatic people I think I'm gonna change it to the Ville Rogers show
Official hell of an idea. Yeah, I think I'm gonna make it official. I might even change my name to Ville Rogers. Oh good
I like that kind of thing. I mean the pirates used to have a picture Bob Ville
Remember him captain Dave Bob Ville big black picture
No, what I see mr. Sports between you two all he knows is hurricane sports. I'm all the sport. Hey, I'm all excited
You don't know a damn thing about sports. All you know is the baseball game together and
To march aren't we going to the game together sort of like a sun and a father type of
son and daughter
Why don't you see what baseball game is he talking to hurricanes? They're gonna know then just a few weeks. They're gonna start playing
Have they invited you to announce any of them? No, that I'm not doing it this year
I did it last year on a channel whatever that was 33 but they don't have the games this year
They're gonna be a ten they wanted to use some yeah tennis got it
So they wanted to use some of their real expert people like Cambrale Marshall right martian spaceman
I think Walter Cronis is gonna do a couple
And Michelle yeah, Walter's gonna give the thumbs up or thumbs down and then Brian nor
Who's that who's that that just driven and it looked like Bob Lasseter for just a fleeting moment don't even joke okay, it is
Oh mighty pressed and there goes a dog look these dogs
Even the dogs are depressed now look at that the dogs are trying to commit suicide ladies and gentlemen
Lasseter just drove into parking lot and they're they're banging themselves against trees
Look at that. It's the man flasher. Who was that I know we just got flat was it? I don't know. Oh, it was um. It's Don Johnson
Oh, it's not Don junior. Is it Don junior?
Say it isn't so please say it isn't Don junior
Did you see it? I didn't I didn't see it wasn't in front of my window thank god. I didn't see anything well
Now what was that they just drove away? He came up he flashed at the window. He just drove away
Well, we like that people that and he was looking at Captain David noticed when he was flashing
He can't see through those windows from the outside. Thank god
But you were looking in the right window pal because if there's anybody in this building who's into that stuff
That was in front of your window
Yeah, but he was looking at you but I couldn't see I've got a I'm like 100 feet away from you guys
How many yeah like about six feet away? Did you hear fruit cakes call yesterday afternoon
On a stand major show and there goes the dog store the Santa Ria. Oh, don't do it
And he let him right down a garden pan they must have a dog whistle in that
I got a great line for that boy. I just I'm not gonna do it. Okay. I'm not gonna do it today is not the day
Test my luck. Well, I didn't know they're so damn scared in this place. I'm so sick of it already another scared of their own shadow
In fact, it's a good thing Lamont crantzen's not alive anymore. They'd be scared of him too
I'm serious. They're scared of every shadow
It's 8.30 says well I had to say that because there are a lot of young people who have no idea who Lamont crantzen
He used to play okay all you young idiots
Lamont crantzen used to play the shadow
On radio many years ago when radio you stave all these now look at that they turn around and they came back in again now
They're driving down the other end of the building. Who are those guys?
Don't you find that little bit?
What he did or anything I just saw him pull up and it looked like a drove out and now they turned around and they drove back in did he really?
So no, no tell me that was Don Jr. Please I beg of you. I don't know. Did he really flash? Yeah?
Well that wasn't him that was somebody else but he came and he flashed but there was close on thank god
Thank god. I mean I'll let you know when I see you I'll let you know if I want you to flash you're not okay
And believe me in your case pal forget it no chances
It's a matter of fact kind of like the rickweaver school of underwear no changes
8.37
That was good. I was clever wasn't like that. Well, I have a facile mind. That would have been good
I hear already who is this guy keeps he's got a
All I know trench coat on he keeps running up here and opening it up and making the good news is it's not done junior and the good news is he's got close on underneath it
Thank god. We're not we're not interested pal get it go away
Go find Johnny Depp then we'll and now look at that they got back in the car and they're taking off again
Good
I'm not making this up folks. This is we're gonna go on here. Oh the Santa Ria people are waving to yeah
In fact if the Santa Ria people are listening grab them on a way out. Okay. I think they make for a tasty lunch today
Ha ha ha
Not too much fat. Yeah kind of lean like feel. Yeah like feel low and fat
In fact, we ought to start encouraging people to eat lots of veal
It doesn't have all of fat and cholesterol of regular red beef that's right now come on. No, that's serious
It's very lean and low and fat
It's much better tasty and they you know great dishes like veal marsalah
I mean if it's good enough for all those European connoisseurs, it's certainly good enough for us isn't it
Connoisseurs
Connoisseurs
And there's the little Zeta minivan pulling up and who might be driving it? Is that Scott Lezier? Did I see in there?
Scott Scott is that you? Oh, no, it was Dean Cashman and drag. I'm sorry
21 till nine on Zeta four. Let's go back to the calls. Okay. We got to break here. Oh boy. Well excuse me
Okay, let's not go back to the calls and say we did I just lost somebody there in date and it was my fault
If you got hung up on in date, it's I'm sorry, okay, wait and if you believe that you'll believe anything
Okay, by the way, we're gonna do a story about
Ted Bundy. It's 20 till nine today is a very important day. That's right. We have slaughter history
So you know put stop with a lottery tickets for just a little while to look back and reflect okay
They are going nuts with those damn lottery tickets tonight
Everywhere by the way, why don't send a special tribute for consistency to Jack Eckerd, okay?
Mr
Anti gambling remember he was one of the big hot
Yes, now we know why the evils of gambling oh jack mr. religion mr. piety doesn't want you to gamble because it's immoral
It's sinful all I crap and who is the first one of the first people just chopping at the bit to get their nickel on every dollar for every lottery ticket
They sell
Eckerds ladies and gentlemen what a hypocritical ass, okay
You're right. Yeah, absolutely everybody likes a little ass, but nobody nobody likes a hypocritical ass
Well, let me right Jack let me do the traffic quickly for four car accident northbound 95 just north of Griffin
And southbound 95 we have a tanker truck
Uh north of the golden glades in a car in an accident and cap day one to me to mention again the term pack is closed in Martin County
Between Stewart and port St. Lucy with a spectacular crash this morning and 18 Wheeler in that car in the canal
Okay, we should mention again classic album replacement weekend starts at noon today on zeta 4 and you ask what the hell is this
Please shape it and thing all about well if you're albums. I mean records you remember phone to graph records
I know that's a little antique
But if they're getting scratchy and worn out
All the other zeta personality to say the other because we don't get involved in that kind of stuff on the morning show
We're not going to demean ourselves to give stuff away
But the rest of the day they're going to be giving away
Compact discs to replace your worn-out scratchy albums
So how how was it that they say listen to win?
Something some corny thing like that. Yeah, some cliche. Yeah
Okay, now Ted Bundy well, this is a this is January 15th and this is a big day in history
Now there's three major things that happened on this day one Martin Luther King was born on this day in Atlanta
Okay, in 1929 now in 1967 was the first super bowl now do you have a clue who played in the first super bowl?
The Kansas City Chiefs that's correct green but green bay patterns absolutely right. Packers destroyed him
That's right 35 to 10 right. It was the first super bowl. However, the Kansas City Chiefs did beat Minnesota Vikings
Either the next year or the year after that. Was it the next year?
Second year, I think it was a second one. I'm impressed that you knew that. Oh, yeah
All of Vikings have always lost the super bowl. Okay. Although this year they got a chance
I will say that they're looking pretty good and also in the state in 1978
10 years ago
Uh, the chicken. What is that chicken?
Looking good cooking good on the state also in 1978 two Florida State University students were murdered in their sorority house
And that was the famous Ted Bundy did that and he was convicted of that crime and that was how long ago?
10 years ago today and we're still feeding the uh, yes, we are now. What was that? Well this this time it seemed appropriate somehow
But he's still alive. Was that was that the sound of the door opening in the death chamber at Rayford could have been
Could have been but I doubted maybe maybe we ought to call up Larry can't see if her loneliness the big chair
Hey
Oh
In Nederland
Angels
Hey
Five, five, five on me
Hey!
That voltage heat us feed
How bad hell let us squeal
Five, five on me
One you can love and understand
And then, boy, that chair is really gonna grab
Yeah!
So I could know, throw the switch
Now it's time, watch it, switch on and deep
Five, five
Five, five, 13 till nine on Zeta 4
Where were we going? You stepped all over that two by the way
Yeah, but everybody got it
It didn't matter if I stepped up
Did they was it love or not?
Oh yeah
The level was high enough
There's Richard Taylor just came in
I thought he was driving a candle like the last time we saw him
Is that Rasta?
There's Rasta, do you just throw up?
I'm serious, didn't he?
He was he driving a... he'd be driving a potty act or something this time
A couple days, yeah
What do you mean?
You're right, but it's changed again
But he doesn't come in and talk to us anymore so we don't know what's going on
Oh, that's okay
That's okay, because he's turned into a like a Hasidic Jewel
So he's become militant in the wild
And he wears that crazy braided Yarmulka
Those dreadlocks, he's a crazy man
Okay, 12 minutes before nine on Zeta 4
And let's go to Dave County again
Hello
Good morning, Dale
Yes, sir
I'm glad you're back
Those two birds couldn't find me
Now, come on, come on
You don't knock the fillings, okay?
Just leave them alone
Be nice, I mean, you know, what the hell else would we have done?
They tell me that you have run around Sue
But they don't have it in your life, Barry
I have it at home, I think, yeah, I'm sorry
I thought you could bring that in one day and play it alongside
I'll say, run around sugar, my favorite
Yeah, okay
I might be compared to two sometimes
All right
I appreciate it
Okay
Okay, sir
What happened to Dion by the way?
That hasn't been in there, we couldn't find that
What do you mean it hasn't been in there?
He's been asking for this every day
But we don't have it, we said that you had it at home
Oh, not run around, Sue, what's the Dion record we have in here?
I don't know
Oh, the one that wasn't a hit?
The one that wasn't a hit?
You guys screw this whole thing
We have not
Throw anything out
I don't know what that is
That's remember the one he brought in
It's called it has this real terminal title
And he was saying that it was a real big hit
It was a hit
Where is it?
We never saw that
Oh, geez
This is the first time it's been a week and a half since we did this
And this is the first time that you got really, truly honestly miffed
So that's pretty good
Where is it?
I don't know what you're talking about
I'm looking over here
Oral Roberts?
Yeah, Oral Roberts, right, by Dion
Idiots
I don't know what you're talking about
I'm not idea, sir
Gonser brought me the damn cassette tape in, don't you remember?
I remember it
What was the cut?
What record was that?
Something about it
Have a nice day, sir, but you got me all depressed now
There was a girl's name
Susan something
Oh, get out of here, Susan
Let me look at her
I'm gonna be Susan
You out of your mind?
You nuts?
Susan
What the hell is he talking about?
I'm no idea, I'm more in the dark now
Than ever be for ever
When the night has come
And the land is dark
Okay, that's what it was
It was a musical tribute to River Phoenix
Donna the Primadonna
What the hell is he talking about?
I remember that
What is it?
I never saw it in here
I do now remember Donna
