Grace lands rocking six feet above me
And everybody's talking about my lease on the ring
She dies a night but was it really love or oh
She got knocked up, hmm, hmm, hey
Oh well they had a little weapon for my princess bride
I would have been invited if I hadn't a die
I wish somebody would have done me up my little girl
She got knocked up, hmm, hmm, hey
Well please won't you tell me little lease of Marie
Why'd you bind you a jerk in the Scientology
Did you marry him because they drove you out
Or cause he got you
And with childs he got silless looks
But how can it be
For every day you're looking more and more like me
And soon you'll be wearing a double decap
You're getting big, hmm
When you get knocked up, hmm, hmm, hey
Well you're barely smoothing so he gave you ring
And pretty soon I'll be the grand-paw king
Your husband and your kid are now in line
To all cash in on the king's gold mine
Now if I was alive you know what I'd say
A lease of Marie, now how'd you get this way
If I hadn't fried you know I'd hang my head
But I can't, hmm, I'm already dead, hmm, hmm, hey
Yeah, hmm, hmm, hey
You got knocked up
Okay, I told Elvis was still alive
He's got some great new material out
We're going to be playing more of it as the weeks go on
Listen it was great hearing from Annie and Trinnell
On Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD
Hello, I'm Saul and I'm Harry
Here to tell you about a special place
Just a short little zard
Come to York, he's the poke nose
Let's go
That's where I wanna go
To get away from it all
There was that in the poke nose
He can feel that big
I love that stuff
A waste of all the boredies you wish
I got a nine, go for Saturday brunch
Or for the food on top of your day
I hope it's kosher in the poke nose
Skytop and bar kill
Camel, bank and bush kill
Mount Ellie and Shawnee
They're even making ruining
Let rock and Tesco
Oh, we let's go poking in the poke nose
We'll have some lunch
And then we'll see our show
With Tony Orlando
In the poke nose
Get a hot shade of time
You put a champagne
Sit by the pool and act like a club
Let's get the chicks
You can meet a nice girl
Over by the exercise club
Hey, cutie over here
In the poke nose
Skytop and bar kill
Camel, bank and bush kill
Mount Ellie and Shawnee
Don't forget making rainbows
Play rocks and Tesco
Oh, we let's go poking in the poke nose
We'll have some lunch
And then we'll see our show
With Tony Orlando
In the poke nose
Let's go, just forget to teach it
I know I got my teaching in the little bag
With the water in the effort there
It's 1209 at WIOD
And talk about picking out, man
I have scenes of disgusting displays in my time
Many in recent months
But why are you picking out on a Thai food
You're just eating it all yourself
You haven't even offered Nick any of that chicken
You don't want any?
Chicken wings
How about some patai?
Are you sure now?
You sure?
You're positive
Okay, I want you to offer it to everybody in the building
First before you keep...
You're just going crazy
You started out with a hot and sour soup
And then you went...
I don't even know what you ate after that
But it hasn't stopped
I'm chicken
Yeah
And now patai
Very normal
And that's it?
Yeah
Okay, so I only got two or three more containers to attack here
So good luck to you
And this is the guy who was so panicky that I was going on a diet
And he wouldn't get any food in here every day
Incredible
Now I got my milkshake right here in my WGBS Allen Berk Cup
Oh, you haven't sent me this
Look at it
The beans on the other side of that
And, Kraboam Jellies
What can I say?
And out here comes even more stuff
More mung
What is that?
It's more mung
Oh, no, no, don't give that to him
I'm telling you, he'll just go crazy
Ooh, that's too far
He'll start hyperventilating
What is it?
Okay, let's go back to the calls and continue the show
Lunch break, be a little bit later on
Let's go to Volka
Hello
Hi, Neil
How you doing?
I'd like to apologize for all the jerks up here in Volka
That I've been calling you
Showed a past couple days
Well, I probably your neighbor is pal
You're probably right, you know, there's a word for those people
Volka brats
That's what we call the
Plastic people
Yeah, there's a lot of plasticity up there
In fact, if we have a day about 98 this summer
That town is gonna melt
There'll be just a little puddle where Volka used to be on a map
You're right
Last night I finally got to watch the movie China girl
And it was a pretty good flick
Where did you see that?
I rented it
Oh, I see you rented a video
Yeah, it's good
Man, I'm telling you it's good. It was good for me
I'll tell you that
Is your running on a same axis?
I think so
Well, don't make the guy feel bad
Because he probably got into max and he went out
No, actually I don't
Good, see now you feel better, right?
I feel much better
Good
Anyways
Yeah, moving right along
Moving right along
I don't have a real lot to say
Well, that's okay because you're a great caller from Volka
How old are you, sir?
I'm 21
21, aren't you?
In Volka?
In Volka, yeah
Wow
What happened? You get like hijacked or something?
Can you remember when Volka used to be this little small little hamlet
And it was so nice and nobody was there
You're like about in what?
September
I'm pretty far west in Volka
I'm already out by 441
And they're moving west
Uh-huh
Fast
Yeah, well always
I think they're opening a Sadie's buffet out there
That's what's doing it
Please
Okay, listen, you have a great holiday and we'll talk to you again
It's really quick one last thing
I went to Charlotte the other day on commercial boulevard
Yeah
And you're right, it is the best thing since Don and Bob
I'd compare it to Bill Gray's actually
Bill Gray's
Yeah, you read Bill Gray's?
That name sounds very familiar
It's up there
And it's Rochester
Bill Gray's?
Yeah
What is it?
It's a franchise up in Rochester of like hamburger joints
I don't think I was ever there, the name sounds familiar
I know, Vick and Irv's
But let's not get started on it again
Now somebody get a real eye on this sneak in
You're trying to get him upset just at the end of the call
This sneak a little bit
Okay, you have a good one now
Okay, just to make bird feel better
I know Alan and I think he's a jerk
How's that?
All right
I have a good day
I have a good day
I have an excellent call
He knows Alan
I bet you Alan, I bet you a lot of our Cooper City people are home for the holidays
Don't you think so?
Yeah
As they say in Pittsburgh holiday
I think they can find us
As in dollar
Because we're not
We're not where we were
I think they can
Oh yeah, Alan will find us
In fact, if Alan's listening right now we invite him to come by and the studio and eat some of the bird's food
Hey, tomorrow would be a great day
They have a bunch of those people come by Alan and who else don't you like?
We could have Charlie from BCC
He's a good guy
Stem could come in
Big Dave
Speaking of somebody coming in tomorrow
You'll never guess who is going to be here tomorrow
Let me hold on to something
No, no, it's not anybody that you were that he's here every Thursday
Fat Rich is going to be here
I said even on Thanksgiving, huh?
So he's going to bring us home
Yeah, he's going to bring the avion and Thanksgiving peace
And a salad
Little fruit
Oh good
No, no, no, no, no, go bring a lot of food here Rich
You're going to have serious problems
You know what I'm saying?
Now we're a Spencer
Spencer should be here around 1230
That's the popular rumor
So if anybody's listening out there in the executive or offices
When Spencer gets here and direct him right back into here boy, get him right here
No, seriously because we get if he's going to be here at 1230 every Wednesday
He's going to get our cars first because by two it's audio
So I know that sounds unreasonable to some people
But it takes me longer
No, it takes me longer to get home than it takes me to get here in the morning
And mornings is snap most mornings
But getting out of this God for a second place man
It takes forever
And especially when you get out there on 79th Street
Boy
Well, or 82nd Street
Yeah
Everybody's going about two miles an hour
Yeah, they're terrifying to move
Of what?
You got me
You got me, they don't mind me
They might be frightened
Okay, let's go to Hollywood
Hello
Hey, no
Of course if you were driving on 79th Street you'd be frightened too
Yes sir
How'd it go?
It's going good
Right
Yes sir
It sounds like a chronic regular to me doesn't it?
Who is this?
Huh?
Who is this?
Mark
Mark from Boka
No, I'm not in Boka
Okay, well go ahead Mark
Whatever happened in that group men at work
Men at work
Trust me
Well they had a hit or two and it liked so many groups that was it
What do you want Mark?
What's your real story here?
Come on
Let's keep building the ocean set a couple of number one songs
And then he went to number two but the next one
Yeah, yeah I knew that was going to find me
Yeah I know his voice now
Now I got it
Just rambles on and on in coherently
But God, thank God we can be here for Mark
Because he needs the therapy
One thing I've discovered about these milkshakes they're pretty good
They're really hard good
Mm-hmm
Would you got a drink them fast?
Oh
Yeah, because otherwise they start getting lumpy
Oh, okay
Although part of the problem is that 1902 blender
They got down to cafeteria here
I think I'm going to bring Malau I can
I'm going to have to get another blender
Now did you look closely at that pose that Alan has on it?
So I'm not looking closely at Alan Peary
I just had my shake, that's my lunch
And I will not look closely at the dinner or lunch, okay?
Let's go to a Miami Lake
Hello
Hello
Hi
Neil?
Yeah
Hi
I have a funny story to share with you about my 14 and a half year old daughter
Okay
I'm an AM convert because of you
I had WIO D on all day Friday
Great
And Friday evening I was driving my daughter to a friend's house
And she the radio was on
And she said what's this?
I said it's the radio
She said is this?
AM?
Yeah, what is that?
I said yes
She said oh my God
And she got very teary eyed and she said
don't you understand I'm still a child?
I had a...
What does that mean?
She said did you listen to AM when my brothers were children?
She has two older brothers
Yeah
I said what does this mean?
She said don't you understand?
AM is old and you are old and you're not old and I don't want you to be old
I was putting one of my own feet in the grave
Yeah
By listening to AM?
Most of the...
She probably thought you were listening to WOLD
Right
Exactly
I thought you'd enjoy that story
That's cute
Because she overreacted
Yeah, I tell your daughter stop being so emotional
Okay, that would be a good start
Okay, I'll give her the message
Okay
Bye-bye
That's cute
Not real cute, but cute
Well, I'm 16 at WIO D
And I keep forgetting tomorrow I promise
But I can't bring...
Oh yeah, we can just play the record
W-O-L-D
Like Casey says
Just play the record
Okay, because it's getting pretty ponderous
I'll bring in WOLD tomorrow
Play it for all our friends for Al Biers
And all those other folks over at WSK
I wonder if they're going to be taping on Thanksgiving
Absolutely
They think so?
They will be taping on Thanksgiving
We'll find out
Over time
Okay, let's go to Pompo-no
Hey, Nell
How are you?
Pretty good, how are you?
Great, how are you, Don?
Great
Hey, I wanted to ask you about a couple of things
First is good to hear Stan's voice yesterday
Yeah, we had a good time
Yeah
Everybody of mine said, um, I've been hearing most of your bits from FM
But, and hey, I'm the old good, that's right in here
He said you got a new one about a rubber or something
Oh yeah, the kind of...
The kind of miracle, I heard
The kind of song, well that's from...
We got a borrow that from GTRC
That's herment of McQueen, that's their bit
Oh
And they've been loaning it to us
But every time we...
I don't know why...
Can't we get our own cart of that?
Why do we have to keep borrowing their cart, Nick?
Well, have you heard the content of it?
And they were afraid
What's that?
We're afraid of what?
Well, have you heard it?
Yeah, we're not afraid
But listen, anything he says
We'll borrow it from him, we'll beg and get it from him
They're not here anyway, somebody else is in there
Oh, Johnny D is in there
No, Judy T
Oh, Judy T
How come all the people over there got like an initial?
Johnny D and D and PSP
Judy will be thrilled to learn
She'll be delighted, she loves us
Yeah, now go get it
Okay
Okay, and uh...
In other words, your daddy here is, now what's your saying?
Yeah, I'd love to hear it
I'll go get it during the break
Okay
And uh... I think I'll go up in the holidays
And decide your all, I'll beat the crap out of them
Okay, good idea
I'll give you a couple shots for them
Probably get about a 70 share, good idea
Okay, guys, have a good day
You too
Bye-bye
Okay, 12-18, I'm gonna do the break now
So you can go over there and get that cart for us
I'm sure Judy T will be just delirious to share it with us as they say
Right now I want to tell you about a really great time
You can have on Discovery One
Theme Cruises like the salsa cruise every Thursday
The murder mystery cruise every Saturday
They have a comedy classics day cruise
And the rock in 60s cruise every Saturday evening
And now they got something brand new for your real intensive cruisers out there in this audience
For the party animals in the under 2030 crowd, especially designed for the neo-Rodgers audience
Who can never get enough total entertainment announcing late-night party cruisers and they start
This Friday, November 25th, Discovery One will sail at 10.30pm
With the late-night party cruisers for just 15 bucks on her to have price
It all includes fabulous buffet
And the full casino live bands in disco cabins are available in every night for neo-Rodgers listeners
It's 39 bucks and your lady goes for half price only 1950
Do you want more information or to make reservations for Discovery One?
Call 476-9999
You call them right now
476-9999
And Discovery One, they sail from Port Everglades, ships registry Panama
You'll have fun on Discovery One
And I told you we were going to do we started there with Roger this morning to make up for time
We're going to start playing two or three at the same time
Which is a good idea that we can really zip dial this stuff
Okay, 21 past noon at WIOD, the neo-Rodgers Wednesday thing
We will be here tomorrow on Thanksgiving so please, please
Those ten or twenty of you who are so desperate that you've got nothing else to do
Be sure to call us and be a part of this thing because on holidays, man, it's like touch and go
You never know
You never know
It's touch and go
Why don't you share some of this food with these nice people who are just desperate who are looking in here?
I told them they could have something
Yeah, but you didn't invite them to come actively Laura inside
Yes I did
Dying for some of this food stuff
Don't wait, come in and get it, take it out of here because he's just eating and eating and eating and eating and drinking and eating and disgusting
I mean, this is like Captain Dave and Drag here this morning. That's how bad this is. I've never seen this play like this
Oh, yes, you have well seldom let's wait that way you're well, no, you're right nobody nobody could be in the same league with them
Why didn't he come in here? Why didn't you get in the food?
We're bad. I'm not joking. I'm serious get it out of here
Not already told here
And if you if you people don't want it then feed it to the rest of the natives downstairs because I'm Tony
He's just going to sit here and keep eating. I know what I want you. I don't want to see this all day
She won't come in here
Okay, 22 past you know me
Sharon is afraid of me of coming in Sharon
Where I don't even see Sharon right there. Oh that's Sharon
Remember I told her out the hall how many Sharon come in and get everybody's name yet
That's why I can't Laura come in here and get it for Laura's not afraid to come in here
Sharon are you afraid of me?
She's terrified. Yeah watch out for him okay watch out for these Peely touchy grabby kind of got me
I've seen your routine here
I've seen what's going on around here
Squeezes everything get his hands on okay
She's got Phoebe Kate there
What family's brought in the cantaloupe he was even squeezing the fruit
She's got Phoebe. Anyway it's 23 past noon at W-W-O-D
And we want to thank Judy T for bringing great American
Your life will be sweeter if you have your Peter
Keep a ring with your wallet every day
If you don't think you love her you better you love her
Because the national cantaloupe we say
If you drink tea sponky cover your bucket before you attack her
Wrap your water cover your stuff before you hug
Don't be silly protect your will and don't be alive
Cover your work as you go with me
Take it your meat when it's out
Shroud your spouse even in displeasure
You better remember your life will be sweeter
If you have your Peter keep a ring with your wallet every day
If you don't think you love her you better use our rubber
Because they cantaloupe I'll give you one to play
A public service message to the Rock and Roll animals at 97 GTR
Ok now just calm down folks we're back on here it's 1224 at W-W-O-D
Everybody's in a frenzy now see it was a little difficult getting them to come in
But once they did they cleaned the whole place up which is good that's the way we like it
Yeah and having this disgusting mess what would you say if Mitch came running in here when he had his mess all over the table with Meng
Just teeming off the edges of the table
Look at that radar you see what's going on over the state all right
Ok let's go to Hollywood hello
Yeah how you doing Neil?
Pretty good you got to excuse a bird I think he's having a CB complex over there
Yeah sure is he's a I'm telling you all the young women in this building man
They're running in any direction they can now he's going to have a Paul Harvey Jr call yesterday
Yeah the picture I know you probably thinking about a little bit too much
Yeah I think that's it
Just had to eat the candy did you see the bro call special on seven about the candy?
We all I watched a little bit of that during the I was switching back and forth between the Heraldoa obscenity and that thing
And you know you've seen it over and over and over again and again you know and not only that but I get really emotional about all of that
It has a very traumatic effect on me I mean I think I've cried enough in the last week to make Alison Wonderland float away with all of this
You know it was a very painful and very difficult thing for a lot of us I was 21 years old when Kennedy was assassinated
When he was running for president I saw him speak at Michigan State and then the next day I saw Nixon speak
So it didn't you know wasn't really difficult figuring out who I liked but you know enough is enough already man
They don't know everything they do is got to be overkill
Yeah I mean I was a question I wasn't even you know I wasn't even born
You weren't even an idea yet
And uh anyone
Well let me tell you something though I don't want to get too modeling but the young people who were born since president Kennedy was assassinated
No nothing about leadership I mean this was a guy who had just certain intangible qualities that you can't define
In other words a leader is a leader and you can't make somebody that you either have those qualities or you don't
And he did and since then we've had a succession of morons like Ford and Nixon and Carter and you know eight years of repression under Reagan
And now we got a real you know Mung Brain that's coming in there now so it's deep pressure
It's deep pressing but what can I say?
Not getting any but how did you see the Vanna movie?
No I'm afraid I didn't watch it any time in my schedule for that
Very very terminal
I'll bet you yeah
She's one of the words I'm gonna ask is it possible for myself to send you any you know tapes or songs
They're like a home done stuff on like a four track. Oh sure
You know and you guys could preview them and if you like them play them over there do whatever you want
Absolutely. I just want to check see if that be alright
Alright Neil have a good Thanksgiving I'll be tuning in tomorrow
Thanks a lot. Thank you. Okay we got one we got one for tomorrow
Maybe we ought to do that as we go along today
Find out how many we're gonna have tomorrow
It's like setting place settings you know for dinner
I'm serious man these holidays are a killer
And you know what you usually get on holidays
How loud, need you
We'll play stuff we'll play music we'll play Chinese Gong music all day before we'll do that
West Palm Beach hello
Oh Neil how you doing today?
We're doing pretty good today sir how you doing?
Listen a quick story for you
I'm trying to regard to that old douche bag that called you on Monday
He was confiding about you picking on old people on Canadians
Yeah, pretty kept listening to the radio show
Mm-hmm. Anyway, I'm up in Palm Beach working I work at 3 o'clock and
Closing down 8 when about 35 40 miles an hour and all of a sudden he's in front of me
20 miles an hour and 73 74 caddy
Side of the aircraft area. Did he have a Quebec license plate?
No New York. Oh, a New York license plate
I'm going to go right away or left hand pointing with the right hand
Looking for the steering wheel
Really all can't see over the steering wheel looking through it
Think I think Perkins what are mother was his wife could be
Could be anyways get down to the car's ran please
Get down to the car's ran praying he doesn't go over the car's ran
I'll send looking to car's ran as a like a armada of sailboards
Get to the bridge sure enough it comes down
Can't make no of the bridge
The only justice was some kid with fishing catch this fish
Swings over man's red and his hood great excellent
I'll put a couple of dense in it. That's of course he won't momegate against him anyway
You could go I can't listen sir. I want to say this to you your intentions are great
But this call I mean the Nick is on the floor. He's in a coma seriously
All right, really good day then. Okay, you know, I don't know, I don't go feeling bad now
You see you feel you're a great guy, but the story was you had to be there you know what I'm saying
Yeah, okay, have a good good. Thank you. Yeah, did you get the car?
The Cubs the second set yes, I did and I thank you especially that Ryan Sandberg man
It's got a special place. I was holding that on you. Okay now if you get a Mike Poleki man
I'm looking for that one I got him do you have him okay?
All right, thanks a lot y'all have him that'll be the day 12 30 at W I O D the near Roger show
We have you don't believe a word of the story either not Nick Nick said not only were you boring
But he doesn't believe a single word of the story
For your brutal, you know of course that's from working at W snooze all I thought they get to all those old old callers
How loud can I talk to Shirley?
Oh, Shirley is so wonderful
When are you going to have your next crack doc down the air?
Show me. Okay, let's go to a South Miami. Hello. Hi there. Yes, sir.
Is this fellow fat rich? Wasn't he the sit up champion of Howard County one time?
Yes, sir, that is correct.
And that was only six months ago.
What a nice day. What a call. I know I thought it was cute. I guess they he left him speechless.
Let them say speechless Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi. Hi.
My name is Carlos. I just want to say how you guys when it is Carlos. Come on stuff. Oh, yeah, he was dead.
Oh, so don't start now, Carl.
Listen, I just want to know you guys are talking about about food and everything.
I don't need once to get off the subject. Why are you speaking to me like in the third person?
No, he listened. I have no problem talking about food. There are no calories in talking about it.
I can I have developed a little bit of willpower. Not a lot, but a little bit.
Have you have either one of you guys ever been to Los Angeles and eaten at Tommy's?
I've been to Los Angeles many times. But in every in the time is I ate at Carl's, Jr.
and I ate at what's that other horrible place? Jack in a box. Oh, man.
Horrendous. For some burger.
Now, you talking about Tommy Lasortis place? No, he's not talking about Tommy Lasortis.
Get out of here. Will you? He's never the farthest north. He's ever been in Lakeland.
What? Yeah, I think so. He said the hot sauce. He's frying your brain. Yeah, I go with you.
But no, there's Tommy Bergs. I used to live out there about three and a half or four years ago and I really miss him.
I don't know how you could live out there, man. It's such a, I mean, granted, this place is far behind.
It's like in the dark ages. But the environment out there is so horrendous and the people,
all these punks and all that like on Hollywood Boulevard all the way to Beverly Hills until you get to the sign,
which is where nobody dares step over that block. But right up until that block, man,
there are all these punks and gangs and degenerates and goofballs and tattooed weirdo.
It is horrendous. Yeah, the people out there are really reaching.
Yeah, I was only living out there for about a year.
Oh, going to school out there. Yeah, but they probably lived in a real like more settled normal place like Santa Monica.
I would have been good. I know for West Hollywood.
It's just a joke. Barbara Santa Barbara with me.
What are you?
Memory lane here with you guys. Okay. Okay.
Boy, now you started out great, but I have a feeling that whatever the last guy had, it's rubbing off on you.
No, really, you started out.
No, I just wanted to, I was just wondering about the Tommy burger, but you're the one I got into, you know, just sightseeing.
No, you're right. You're absolutely right. It was my fault. I take it all back with my phone.
Okay, you have a great day. I'll see you. I'll see you.
I'll see you. Tommy's. Okay. Bye bye.
I never heard of Tommy's in my life, but I'll take it from him. I've never seen one. I've been all over LA. I never heard of Tommy's.
No. I mean, Carl's Jr. in Jack in a box. They're on every street corner, but Tommy's no. I mean Ralph's. I know Ralph's supermarket and alpha beta and beta Zeta and Bobby's Zeta.
But I don't know from Tommy's Miami. Hello. Hi.
I want to tell you both. You're both very handsome, very handsome today. Oh, yes. I work for a doctor on my M.E. Beach and my husband is telling me that you do.
You're talking about Felden. Yeah, we have a show on Felden. Tomorrow's a matter of. I was wondering if you could say it for me. What's that? What you say about Felden. Oh, no, I wouldn't do that for you, man.
Hello, doctor. I'm on Felden.
We have a whole show about turkeys that take Felden on Thanksgiving Day, man. It's going to be a real eye opener tomorrow. In the meantime, April Wortham standing by with the W.I.O.D. News update. It's 1234.
We're on one. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Remember we back in April. You called me out in Beverly Hills. My name is Rory. Hey, Rory. How you doing? I sure do. All right. I'm down here in Miami visiting all my buddies. Man, it is a dead town. Oh, yeah. There's nothing going on here, Rory.
Man, this is a I still want that guy who called earlier to call me on another day who left here eight years ago or nine years ago and came back. I really I blew it.
I wanted to ask him what the deal was. I don't know. And speaking of old parts and Tommy's. What do you think you get when you go to Tommy's? Don't don't say it. Be careful.
Now, I want to say this isn't the Steve Kane show now, sir. Okay, but this is really kind of dead. Miami. The weather is really gloomy. It's so nice. Well, no, wait a minute. The weather's been pretty good. We had a couple of crappy days because of Keith. But other than that, it's been pretty nice.
You can't blame that on it, but forget about the weather. I mean, it can't control the weather here, but as far as the people and as far as the ambiance and as far as anything going on, this town is as dead as a door nail.
You should come out to California. It's real nice. Well, no, thanks. I can't breathe the air out there. I really can't. That's true. I'm serious every time I go there, I get sick. Yeah, I get a choke in my throat every night. There's something to have. Well, we don't want to talk about that. But there is such a thing as a Tommy burger, huh?
There is. There is a chain of them. They're called big Tommy's big. And for like $2.95, you get a double hamburger, a very greasy covered with chili,
road test. Wow. It's even grosser later. Well, listen, I think I'll pass on it. How long have you done here for now? I'm in for two weeks. Wow. I'm going up to Tampa. I'm on my way to the airport this very minute.
And they're going to drop me off and go into Tampa for Thanksgiving. And then I'm coming back down here to see if it's wibened up a little. Yeah, well, you sure picked a time to go up there, whether or
be perfectly. Okay, listen, have a good time. And we'll talk to you again. All right. Thanks. Boy boy. He thinks the weather's gloomy here. Wait till he goes to Tampa. Yeah, wait for you to get over there on the West Coast and talk about not much going on.
Yeah, yeah, push gardens, I guess. Well, steak and shake and don't forget crystal on Dale Mayberry. You go to crystal pal. I just sit there and hey, just fill it up. You know, open up the
truck and let him fill him up. He's going over to Lakeland. And he can go to Lakeland on a way back. Yeah, maybe even a little trip up to Milton. See your pal. Our good buddy, 20 minutes till one at W I O D. And we're now got another mobile on five. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Well, we're doing pretty good. As a matter of fact, now that you mentioned it. Oh, good. That was a bird. It's great. No, that's really funny. I've wanted to call you all day, but both times I wanted to call you someone stole my fire. I wanted to tell you that I had a copy of the asshole song. And I haven't heard you playing it. I was willing to get it to you. You haven't heard us playing it. I'm sorry. You haven't heard us playing it. I just got back in town. I've been out of town since you moved on to W I O D. We played every day. Really? Oh, yeah. Oh, that's great. I'm going to go to the
great. Yeah, I know when they took it away from you back on brand new working for those douchebags anymore. Okay, pal. So don't worry about that. They're going to get theirs.
Actually, maybe you remember the last time I called you, you were still on AM over there. And it was the day you played about 20 bits back to back. Yeah.
And I called you to ask you why you didn't play the Delta Airlines one. And you were you said that you were having a lot of problems with them that they were a little bit scared. They are. They're not. They're scared. They're very touchy, man. They're very, very sensitive.
Now I can imagine the reason I called is that remember Mark long, long time ago, Mark.
Listen, we've had so many marks that I'm going to come on the show with the. Oh, yeah, I sure do way back then. Remember, I'm the one who called you and told you the reason he'd never show up on your show is because he was so overweight. Yeah.
And we heard from him a couple of times. He didn't like me very much for telling you that he snuck in one day when we were on Zeta.
Oh, he snuck and he came in. Yeah, I'm with Alan. That was the guy that was more of that's right with Alan. Yeah. Listen, if he'll bring Alan, he can come in on the show any time. Okay.
Oh, you know, Alan? No. Oh, well, you love Alan. Okay. Well, his reputation preseason. He was going to go to your aunt. Yeah. I'm going to screw up your home idea of UM student, family. UM student.
Now that was just, wait a minute, that was just a joke. We like to needle them a little bit because let's face it, they deserve it.
Oh, yeah. Well, of course, they have a lot of problems in their own right. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I'm screwing up your whole demographic because I'm only 23 years old. No, that's great. That's our demo on this station, sir. Yeah. Um, no, I think it's great. I think it's so good that you have before we got here in this day party used to be 123. Oh, I know. Oh, of course.
So on Steve's show, the demographic still about 123. No, no, Steve's got a few people who are actually alive. Well, leave it or not. Are you serious? Yes, he does. Are there stone respirators?
All right. It says since when do cars have colliding call waiting? Is that colliding? Yeah, I'm not answering it on your car. It's my friends Corvette. I'm driving around in my friends Corvette. It's the
credit. I think he got his phone free with a bowl of soup and he became the program director at I.n.z. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now the PD at I.n.z. Don't drive the Corvette. Trust me.
All right. He shouldn't not the kind of decision he made. Okay. Well, Nick had a response for that, but I can't read it on here. He doesn't believe you. Nick just a very cynical guy doesn't believe anybody.
He wants you to blow the horn in the car. The blue, the horn. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you do that? Do you hold the phone out the window while I blow the horn? You just have to do it now quickly.
Hold on. I'll open the window. You can even get the door open the window. I guess that answered all our questions. I think that was incredible. What is incredible? No wonder that Mark told something against him. Okay. I know what he's not going to hold against you sir. It's 1244 W I.m. Let's go. I am still in shock. Wow. That was a big win.
It didn't sound to me like he was in a car either, but I just I was gonna humor him
But then he just lost it, you know what oh?
Rolled out the window. I'll stick it out the window pal
You never did blow the horn by the way
We just maybe if it was Alan we didn't fight him to stick it out the window, but not this guy
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello uncle. Nia. Yes, sir. What's up? Oh, we're doing it, pal
We are really doing it man
Let me tell you in case you had any doubts
What what's up? Oh, we're just hanging out. Hey, I'm a big Paul Harvey fan. I love his movies. Yeah
Do you miss him?
I would like good day from Australia. Yeah, that's my favorite day. Oh
Hey bird. Yeah
Duke sell on crew
I can't I can't do it. That's not the rekindle memories of that night
Okay, they did a great job down there, but I was in a very I had just had one of my
Harrangs with the middle level management over there that day and I was ready to blow all their brains out boy
It was it was a real exciting night for me. Sorry to bring it up now. No, that's okay. Hey you guys are great, man
That's for sure originally from Connecticut, but well nobody's perfect
Thanks now. What are you doing here?
Watching my mom's house. She bought a house here and she can't make it here
Really? Yeah, she's trying to get a transfer out of the post office and
It's taken about a year. Yeah, so I'm just watching the place and really what a rough deal that is
Huh, and you just kind of hang out there and you're watching the house just to make sure it doesn't go anywhere like a watchdog
Yeah, excellent. Well, you keep it up. Okay. We'll send you a case of Alpo for dinner. Hey, thanks. Okay. Have a good one. Bye. Bye. Bye
Boy, there are million stories in the magic city. Aren't there?
While she's out there working her butt on somewhere in Connecticut or someplace. I don't understand that at all, do you?
I think that's a good idea. I think I'm gonna have my mom come in here and do the show
Starting tomorrow and I'll go watch her house
Hang out
Watch all those soap
What is that? Oh, that's my stuff from great. Thank you
From Nutri system, right? Now I want to say something because they're not starting on my shoot a next Monday as far as the sponsor
I want to I want to say something now that needs to be said
Because I have ripped them badly over the last couple of years and I think justifiably so based on my previous experience
Because I tried this diet four or five years ago and they admitted they they don't disagree
They say you know the food was horrendous. It was like little cans was like dog food
And I just couldn't stay on it and everybody around here has said hey, it's different. They've changed the food
You ought to give it a try
So as of Monday of this week I started it and
In fact, they brought in food last week for me to taste it to try it to see if I would like it because I wasn't gonna do it
If I didn't like the stuff and I couldn't do the program and I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that it's
Warmae cuisine because that that is would be ridiculous
But it's edible and it's good. It's got taste to it and it's satisfying and you get into a routine with it
And I'm not having any problem with it. I'm doing extremely well
And I would do even better if people would stop trying to force feed me a lot of stuff that I don't want and I don't need
Okay, if they would get the message and understand that it's a lot more important for me to lose the weight
Than to have any more free meals okay for a while
Okay, you get the message
So anyway, I just wanted to mention that upfront because otherwise people will be calling next week
Well, there you go. You've sold out. Yeah, it's got nothing to do with that
I you know because they have been trying to get me to do their thing for for two years. I mean desperate
And I said no and then I finally said okay if it's changed I'll give it a try and I'm delighted that I did it because I'm doing great on it
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yep. How you ready? Okay pal. What's up dude? How are you doing, bud? Great
Hey, I'm calling over here from Fort Lauderdale over here on the corner of
Andrews and commercial
Probably all these cars going by. Yeah, I know where that is. What's that? I know where that is
You know, yeah, I hope I don't get run over by any of these blue hairs here
Be careful. Yeah, hey reason I call first of all you're going to go on the neutral system, huh? I'm already on it
I'm going to put you in the TV guy like they put those other people over the before and after pictures. I sure hope not
I need a whole big page or what? Yeah, they probably need a double you know the whole
Insert hey the reason I call I gotta I need your help. I need your help off the bird. I got a prediction
To work related problem
You know and landers help here. Okay, wife and I are sitting down last night talking and
Last month I worked for a real big company on year four Lauderdale and a whole month's out up in Connecticut
And I I was sent out last month with my supervisor and forgive us our annual reviews and
He told me what it was going to be and it came out to about a 9% raise which I thought was adequate for a big company. Yeah
Oh
The rays didn't come in effect until just yesterday
I
I normally just right out my check and put it in the bank don't even really look at it take it off or granted well
I happen to look at it and it turned out to be 20% great
I just blew my mind. I didn't know what to do. So what do you think? You're that down and
But go ahead. Well, I've nice that down and talked about it
After this phone call I'm gonna I'm gonna take your
To do whatever you think is right. Uh, I was thinking about keeping it
But I think you know being a big company. They'll probably find out later on
I never have any give the money back and I'm going back on my other salary and oh
Yeah, you're right because that happened to me one time when I was at WS news
They were overpaying me an enormous amount they were making a mistake and they were paying me my talent fees twice
Or something and it was just an enormous amount they were overpaying right and uh and to be honest with you
I wasn't trying to be dishonest at the time. I didn't know because the thing was so screwed up
But then they took it all out again. So if it's gonna get taken out I'd straighten it out now
Or you're gonna be so far in a whole man you're gonna be eating alpo for six months
Yeah
Well, I think he's right. I think that you should tell him and uh, otherwise you're gonna pay later
You're a damn right man, and if you happen serious if you have to have all that deducted later
You don't want to do
Okay, all right, all right, it'll be worse
That they love you so much. They really want to give him the sob story. I got two kids at home one in the oven and uh
One in the oven. Yeah
I need the extra extra money and okay listen good luck to your pal. Hey, hey nice talk to you
Okay, thanks a lot, but enough is enough. Okay, 1250. I mean some of these people there really they're all nice
But some of them are just going on and on with these stories
Well, it's like good guys got a little dilemma, but it was terminal
Like you say they all have stories today. Yeah, everybody days got a story. Yeah, here's the melting pot story
They have fantastic fondue. Okay. I mean so good that you are gonna do like a little tap dance in the middle of the aisle when
You're a waiter or waitress comes by
There are three melting pot locations in South Florida. They're in West Palm Beach at 3044 South military trail
They're in South Miami at 98 35 sunset drive and they're in oral springs on West sample road
Just east of Pine Island and the food is fantastic
You cook it right at your table the service is excellent prices are very very modest and it is delicious
especially of course my favorite the desserts
The milk chocolate or the white chocolate with amoreto fondue and
The you dip your angel food take and cherries and all the other seasonal fruits. It says here and your banana
And at white chocolate and it'll set you free forever plus all your favorite beers and wines too
You stop by for a great dinner any night seven nights a week beginning at 5 p.m. The melting pot in oral springs west Palm or
South day
1254 W.I. Would you want to say hi to our listeners and they tell him this morning or this afternoon whatever it is
What are you laughing about you just got you telling me?
That the Johnny Dark is back in time. He's got one of those spatial radios
You know what I'm saying like he does as only he can and there was listening to us from Jacksonville South
So hi to our friends in Duval County. They tone us oh Daytona South. I'm sorry
We have been a phirinchemy. We don't get in to say in Augustine. Yeah, but there's a station there at 600 well
Let's let them sign off. Okay, and we're in a row with our signal
All right, let's go let's take this one out of order because we got a very important Cooper City called here. Hello
Hello
Oh, I miss you Neil. You miss me? I miss you very much. Well, I'm here waiting for you pal. How how soon can you be here?
Uh, actually I'm coming Friday
We don't want to get into that. No, I don't know if you remember a guy named Marshall called you
And he's a big league
And I'm his friend and we wanted to bring you guys. Oh, yeah, you wanted to bring breakfast. Well, don't bring any food
I'm sorry, but I'm not eating is there is there anything at all you can either phone or is it wanted to call to find out?
No, can't do it nothing at all nothing at all can't do it
Well, I mean you bring your pictures and you could just look at them and nothing we can talk about
Yeah me
Oh, because we don't just want to have you know, you know, we like the bird there
But we didn't want to have him sitting there
That is correct you wouldn't want to come all the way out here just to feed him and I don't blame you
But uh, is there anything at all? That's okay. No, I'm gonna say it again. There's nothing at all. Okay. I mean I'm not trying to be rude
But the answer is no
See you waited too long. Oh, that's what you're waiting for
Get hold of
And your
That's saying I'm gonna ride
Gary's on her ass with night
The heat's taking for a proof
Now he's sitting in the limbo blues
He let his vomit run his life
Now he's big and he's got no wife
He lost his presence at the block
When he did that thing baroque
How long comes he gone?
Some of these limbo's like me, so it's guys
And tell him that they're virgin
Low
Or they'll go backstage to a concert
And I'm a home with a roadie
Cause they came in out with a rock star
No
How about those girls, a 9-7-6 dial
And they've those been best
Yeah, they got dates all three of us
One's off with a pass on his eye
Okay?
How long has he gone?
I'll be low
How long comes he gone?
Now you know bimbos
One shot of tequila
They're on the floor
Two shots of the healers
They got the shirt off
And a wet t-shirt contest for $15
Low
Okay, I'll tell you about low
I admit I go out with those bin beds
When they're hair all teased up
Sometimes it's so that I can make myself look smart
How long comes he gone?
And now their family are the boys
Leaves in with the thin rock star
In her shots of couples here
A wrinkle wine of fire here
That's the nimble, that's the sweet
That pulls on to your joy stick
Cause she's out between your gawks
When she's out the thin baroque
Just a cut that it would have
Make her splitter and be dialed
Now in playboy you will see
A reconstructed surgery
So get back to the daughter of yellow
So get a bigger floor of the band
But you'll be on the way you go
When you got the thin baroque
The bimbora
Yeah, that's what I thought she said
109 at W.I.G.
A little pondress there
But it was cute
Yeah
Let's go back to the phone show
Because time is a wasting
And I do mean a wasting
Delray, hello
Yeah, Neil, I'm the first time caller
Great, Delray
And you're on that balkaline
Yeah, I'm on that balkaline
I'm going to be damned
It sound like you're going to be a good caller to me
You really do, don't let me down
Okay, I'll try, I'll try
I'll try not to be as long as some of the guys
You had in the last hour
Yeah, man, some of these people
They think they got their own show or something
Yeah, I want to ask you
I didn't catch you, Sean Zayda too much
Because I wasn't around that early in the morning
I don't blame you
But I heard one time this song
Beat it, Michael Jackson
Think you did
Yeah
Michael Jackson glow
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what it was
Yeah, that's what it was
Yeah, what happened to that?
Well, it's right in my hand right now
I mean the, the cart
You're going to get that on or if you get that on?
Of course, what do you think I got it out for?
Because you're such a great guy
And it's your first call
And I wouldn't want to let you down
Get your PO'd
Yeah, I'm a little nervous here, so I can't
But nevertheless
Anyway, I want to say how do my grandmother
She says she own Wilson, but I know she's listening
Right now, she's a closet listener
And I can't say too long, I got to go to a service car
King's Point, which I'm looking forward to
We have one here in Delray, outrest
Great, boy, aren't you a lucky guy?
What do you do?
I'm an off-squipment technician
I got to go into the club house
And I'm sure they're going to have you tuned in there
Oh, yeah, you got to service all the old parts today, huh?
Yeah
Well, I've got to look to you
Yeah, service receptionist
I know she's probably having a good day
Okay, well listen, good day to you
And have a great holiday
And it's coming up right now, so run to that radio
Okay, thanks, Neil
See you later
Good day
Ooh, listen to that
That was pretty good for her first call, wasn't it?
Well
And he was brief and he was to the point
And he wasn't terminal, he sounded like he was alive almost
Yes, he did
Which in Delray is the hell of an accomplishment
It's 11 after 1 at WIOD
Hello, this is Michael Jackson
Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen
I urge you to do like I do
Go it alone
But make sure you wear protection
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove
Worn on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove
Added the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself
So remember, before you put it out, put it on and
The Michael Jackson glove
Proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush
A battle in frequent models for extra stimulation
Okay, chill
Back to my, I like that pawn shop spot that Joe does
That's my favorite
Anyway, on Monday, we got the updates
Because everybody's going on extended holiday now
And on busman's holiday
So we have updates for days ahead for all the different shows
And on Monday, Steve is going to have Verity Elementary School parent Anaya Mazaros
And Rabbi Mordechai Winiars
Should Christmas be banned?
What?
In other words, Christmas carols in the schools
And then we're going to have Dampy McCallum on Tuesday
Should Goiam celebrate Christmas?
My answer to that is
Or no, should you celebrate Christmas?
I got ahead of myself
Should Goiam celebrate Tisha Bob?
Yeah, that's going to be our show
We're going to do should Goiam celebrate Tim Hustorum
Anyway, it's 12 minutes after what a WIOD
And we'll come back
Yeah, I know Steve needs a lot of Rabbi like we need hemorrhoids
We'll be back right after this
Everybody's got a different reason to come to tropical at Calder
It's relaxing and exciting
When lose the drawer, I love it
The nice place to come to see competitive racing and friendly people
The mini vacation that lasts about four or five hours
You have to enjoy it if you come here
Thank you, everybody
Come spend your holiday at tropical
Special Thanksgiving post 11 a.m.
And how do you get there?
Right in university right next to Joe Robby Stadium
It's our family track and it's like home
Till he sent back to Cuba is to face death
He does this fear that caused the Mario riots
Cripling the Atlanta and Oakdale prisons
I'm Nareen Klan
A year later, Channel 10, I witness news has troubled to Oakdale, Atlanta and Alabama
To talk with the Cubans, the hostages and officials
To find out why the riots won freedom for some, but not for all
Watch the Mario riots, justice for some
Tonight at 6, followed by ABC News with Peter Jennings
On South Florida's Choice for News, Channel 10
Most of us have it
The fear, the horror of bath of phobia
Bath of phobia, the inexplicable fear that grips homeowners
When a guest asks to use the bathroom
Are you sick of keeping people out of your bathroom or kitchen because you're embarrassed by the way things look
It's time you visited your cure for bath of phobia
The Dade Plumbing Showroom
Dade Plumbing Showroom has over 8,000 square feet of showroom
With only the finest and most stylish brands for your home or office
Like George Eos, Pine is trying to pedestal lavatories
And drop in bowls and solid colors, floral designs
Or in 24 karat gold
And bathroom accessories from the Esquima collection
From 24 karat gold plated and hand twisted crystal to the finest loose side available
Step into the Dade Plumbing Designer Showroom to cure your bath of phobia
And register to win shower radios
Free made service for a month or subscriptions to Better Homes and Gardens magazine
Dade Plumbing Showroom, located at 975 North Miami Beach, Boulevard 163rd Street and North Miami Beach
Oh my God, the holidays are coming
And along with the holidays comes my mother-in-law
She gave us a lamp
Oh, what did I do with it?
Oh, here it is in the closet
Oh boy, the lampshade is torn and the lamp doesn't work
I guess I better take the lamp over to Alamo's lamps and lampshades
And 1-8185 biscane both, right?
Or the biscane on upper shots?
And see if they can put it in working order
Yeah, I think I'll buy a new lampshade too
After all, what a better time to buy a new lampshade than when my lamp is there
Right?
Now my mother-in-law won't notice that it had been shoved aside
And since I'm going here, I'll take some other lamps and get some new lampshades for them too
Maybe I'll find new lamps, features, or accessories
Well, here I go to Alamo's lamps and lampshades at 1-8185 biscane Boulevard and the biscane on upper shots
9-3226-11
If you're coming into buy a new lampshade, don't forget to bring your lamp
After all, you wouldn't buy a hat without your head or would you?
Oh, my grand-aire, Neil Rogers, Steve Cain, the greatest talk show lineup in South Florida history is right here
Now, more with Neil Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD
And by the way, tomorrow, Steve will be off on Turkey Day, which I guess is appropriate, and his guest host will be Norman Kent
She is
Who is going to be now? Norman is moving from chronic guest to guest host
And during the last two hours, animal rights activist Lonnie Wiggand to talk about Turkey's rights
Well, it's about time someone did that show
Yeah
I think it's long overdue, don't you?
And there may be one or two other goblers along on it, so you never know when Norman's going to be on some truth
We'll tune in and find out that's tomorrow, Steve
Steve will be here today, though, with open phones, and he's got a lot of explaining to do, I'll tell you that
116 at WIOD, let's go to West Palm, hello
Hi, Neil, I'm a first time caller
Great
Yeah, Roy, you've had some really bad calls today, I hope I'm not one of them
We've had bad calls, now we don't have any bad calls, we had some boring calls
Boring calls, what is that?
Hey, listen, let me tell you something, wait a minute, this has been a picnic compared to Monday
Monday was 100 times worse than the day
Yeah, I know, Monday was pretty bad, I tuned in to 10 to 11, and you said the phone calls got bad from 10 to 11 on, so
I might be bringing a bad luck
Listen, what I want to tell you is I went someplace yesterday, and I deserve to be abused for it, and I want you to feel free to abuse me
Went to AppCon Center
Why do I want to abuse you for that? It's okay to go once
Oh man, what a time
Disney World, you can go back to half a dozen, ten times, and AppCon you can go to once
Once, what's your complaint?
Oh, it was awful, and I paid $28 to get it?
Well, you're not going to find any bargains at Disney World, okay, you know that upfront
There are no bargains there, they charge you an arm and a leg
Right
I mean, when it's like a hundred bucks for kids under six, then you know you're in big trouble to start, okay
It was terrible, right?
AppCon is boring, like I said, it's okay to go there once, and it's, you know, you walk around, and you're hoping to get desperately
Hoping to find some good food in those international things, and you don't, I mean it's okay
But Disney Land is not, Disney World not known for its great food
Did you go to see Michael Jackson?
Yeah, I saw that, that wasn't too bad
There were people who said this is the fifth time they did it, see that
Yeah, there's one or two good things there
But it's not exciting
I think I liked Spaceship Earth or whatever they call it, it was okay
And well, you know it was raining all day
But you can't blame us for that
Well, I'll bring you for that
No, I've been myself for going
Good, well I would lock myself in whips and chains and flagulate myself for hours over it
Thank you, thank you
It was a very boring place
Yeah
There was nothing interesting about it all
You could have stuck around here and listen to some of the radio shows in this time
You've been just as bored
Well, you've got a great show, but the guy before you and the guy after you
Now come on, don't, don't stop that
Would you please, please, I'm begging you, just be nice
Well, what can I do? I don't know, Steve came for the show
Be nice, okay? If you like him fine, and if you don't like him,
then nobody's forcing you to listen to him
And the same with me
And I don't, but I listen to you
Well, thank you, and you have an ice-cream, don't make that mistake again
Never again
Bye-bye
Okay, now she's off to Bush Gardens, don't I?
Why enjoy Bush Gardens? I think it's an eat place
Yeah, it's okay
Not as exciting as sitting around over at Crystal on Dale Maverie, but it's second, you know, my second favorite
It's nice
Very nice, too
Yeah
It's no burn steakhouse
I'm not discussing such things
By the way, I like our clock a lot, it's incredible
119 at WIOD, we have a mobile
Now, with a whining mobile in Boko
Okay, watch out, hello
I wouldn't want to you, Neil, how you doing?
Okay
It's Barry, how you doing, Bird?
Great, Barry
Nick says you're a whiner, Barry
No, I'm not a whiner, Bird, I miss you at the screenings
Yeah, well, you know, I can go to him again, Barry
Wait, wait, wait, wait, what is this? Another personal call?
I like this, you know, this is to balance out all your personal
I don't have any personal call
I never get a chance to talk to Bird, I do want to tell you, Neil, though
I'll give you his home phone number, okay?
I got it, but listen, Neil, I got to tell you, I used to commute to Boko from Hollywood every day in the morning
And I enjoyed listening to you in the mornings
Yeah
Then I moved and I didn't get a chance to listen to you
Then you moved from 10 to 2
And the only chance I get an enjoyable day on I-95 is listening to you in the bird for a long time
Well, I'll be going, yeah
Well, the thing was, Barry, I couldn't go to the screenings when we were working in the morning
Right, because I had to go to bed early, but now I'm back on a normal, I have a normal life again
Well, get back on the schedule, but I'm going to do for today
Okay, it's that time of year, isn't it?
Yeah, it's just like, bending over the fence in the back of the road
Yeah, it's like bending over
You see that again
I'm up in the sea, I'm in Boko bird
Oh, you moved, huh?
Oh, yeah, we moved up there
Yeah, he lives real close to there, he'll be right up
I have relatives up there
I know, I know
Okay, listen, your call has been incredible and have a wonderful role of life
Okay, Neil, best to you and take good care of him for me
Okay, thank you so much
Boy, you've got some real winners up
Okay, let's go to Miami
Hello, I'm Dr. Jeff Pire
Oh, you can say it again, yeah
I'll tell you, I have a unique experience just moments ago
When you broke from the news
And when you, I don't know if I was ramped up or ramped down
What's that all about?
What do you mean?
What do you mean by that?
When we go from your delay
Yeah
Woof, that was rough
Wow, what happened on the phone?
You start, you have an echo effect
And then you feel like you're being stretched apart
It was just incredible
Great, that's what happens
How do you think we feel in here?
Anyhow, I hear in some kind of an SNM parlour
Just a couple of things
First of all, I noticed in this week's Harold in the weekly listing
Yes, the Dean is still listed
Oh boy
That Harold is so far behind, you know
Pretty soon they're going to be putting in listings for Alan Courtney
That's how sharp the Harold is
And they're right on top of it
If they never get off of it, they'd be okay
Anyhow, that's the one thing
Two, I noticed that you've gone the wonderful island dream
Yes
The last that are dropped in have dropped that
That is correct, I pondered as to whether to take that with me and I thought
Now let's leave it behind and see if we can't eliminate it from our lives
Yeah
No way, we're not bringing that back
Holy cow
The sky is falling
See, early in the morning it was okay
Because people weren't awake enough to know whether they were depressed or not
But by this time of the day, we don't want to do it to them
You can understand that
I was listening to some old tapes, monitoring some old tapes to some old shows
And I'm still asking myself, does William and his berg need gambler?
That's the question
That's going to be Steve's topic next Wednesday
With an Arab and an Israeli
Finally, something else I've missed
You bring your organ along with you
My organ is still, I left it behind
I was wondering, that's a real problem
It was a great, it was wonderful
Actually here, if we ever get to use the production studio other than coming in on Sunday
Which I'm getting tired of doing, but if we ever get any time in there
We've got a library of all kinds of sound effects and they've got their own organ in there
That'll make the other one pale into wind significance
But I have to find some time with it
I'm going to try the track tomorrow
I'd like to listen to you guys, but I'll maybe get the track
I'll look for your buddy, a ruster green shirt
Yeah, lester doesn't wear a green shirt anymore
Just go up there in the Aruf Garden and yell
Just about two minutes before post-time and yell
Lester, he'll laugh on that
He's incredible
If a horse loses, he has the reason
If it wins, he has the reason
That is correct
It's incredible
The good old lester, I sure miss him
I'm going to get it back out there one of these days
There's a horse running you reminded me tomorrow
I think it's called Daffy back
That's one of my favorites
I'll probably punch my brains on that one tomorrow
Be careful, good luck to you
In closing, I have one thing left to say to you
Good day
This is the real bye-good topic, man
Okay, see you later
Bye-bye
Okay, 124 at WYD, man
This show today, and you know the amazing part of it to me all day
This is seemed like Friday
Yeah, so I hope you guys have a great weekend
And I'll be back
Doesn't it seem like Friday?
We got to be like Wednesday
It's not like Wednesday at all
And a real bitter pill that's going to be hard to swallow
When you wake up tomorrow and you realize we got to come in here again
But it'll be great, there'll be no traffic
Nobody in the listeners
124 at WYOD
Do you have old steak, Gloria, to be your wife?
I have
Here, take a victory drop with instant action
It works on context so you'll get cuff relief
You know like a cuff syrup only faster
Take it and answer the man, Harold
You take Gloria as your wife
You know, I'm not really sure
Vicks throw drops with instant action
Because faster relief is better relief
Uses directed
And for other times when you need vitamin C, try Vicks vitamin C drops
You know what I like about Vicks vitamin C drops?
I don't have to peel them
Really?
Before I use to eat oranges to get vitamin C
And I get all the peel parts stuck in my fingernails
Vicks drops are much neater
I pop one delicious drop in my mouth
And I get all the vitamin C of one whole orange
Two drops, two oranges
All the vitamin C I need without the peel
Anyone who shakes my hand is grateful for that
Vicks vitamin C drops
All the vitamin C you need
Without the peel
Rats and sweat, the future
Oh, a blanket, get your toes to your oven
What a great present
It's a present with a future
And a lot less hassle than our big oven
So it'll get plenty of use now
Use
Morally
Take my hand, I see this
Having a romantic brunch is together making eggs with anything
How waste is your oven?
I see you making practice for the kids tomorrow
You do
Or sure, Bacle
Nothing's lots of things
Breakfast is kids?
Me
The versatile toaster oven
Breakfast with a future
Re-blacken bigger
KB furniture, must raise cash
Predators demand payment now
Over $450,000 of furniture inventory must be sold
We have no choice
But to order all surplus inventory sold immediately
Regardless of cost or loss
All living rooms, dining rooms, bedrooms, sleepers, recliners, bedding and accessory
Must be turned into cash
The principals have decided no reasonable offer refuse
It's suggested to come early while inventory is complete for the best election
KB furniture is located at 1951 West Copens Road
North-east corner of Copens and Powerline Road behind Wendy's
KB is open Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. 60 a.m. Sunday 12 noon to 5 p.m.
Call 960-0714 for more information
That's 960-0714
Mastercard, Visa or in and out of state checks accepted
No reasonable offer refuse
KB furniture must raise cash
KB furniture in 1951 Copens Road in Pompo-Dope Beach
WIOD presents Chase the Dolphins
sponsored by Bentley's Luggage and Gifts Delta Airlines and American Tourist
Here's your chance to win great trips for two to a Dolphins away game courtesy of Delta Airlines
We love to fly into shows
We see round trip airfare for two
Hotel accommodations and great seats to the game
Register now with your local Bentley's Luggage Store located in malls everywhere
No purchase necessary
Listen to WIOD for the winner each Tuesday before an away game
Brought to you by Bentley's American Tourist
Merriot hotel where nobody takes care of business in the business traveler like Merriot and NewSort Radio 610 WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
WIOD
I will remain forever
We are fresh
And extension of the lake
Even the footsteps on the rock
The mess they get
Surveys round the clock
The thumbs too wide
The kids don't hang
So though we get soft
I'm working by
A round each voice
To turn to form
They try to trick
To the joint
They're losing
Plants from every floor
They drop the drawers
Definitely ask for more
All the girls from B
They say hard on
Hard on
They got part on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Hard on
Love the French Canadians were very upset
They had a bigger reaction of their couple of days ago
And when they got word of the down here man
They had a nervous breakdown
130
At WIOD
And let's go back to your calls
In Hollywood
Hello
Hello
How you doing?
How you doing?
What's that?
You're working back in Miami again
What does that mean?
I need to get my passport for you know
I can't follow this
No, this is
Incoherent sir
I've been in Miami for a long time
I've been in various parts of it you know
I know you live in Plantage
That is correct
I see I got you
I guess
Real short
Is that it?
What's the Albertsons
In Hollywood
I remember that
When they got little Hollywood and sports
And came three minutes back
He said he was hanging out on the car
His sister got hit
Such and so
He , one day in Hollywood
And here in Hollywood
Wait on the second
listen. Okay. Okay. He stopped me when he ran my life.
Nick was right. He comes back. And he goes, I'm going to have to rest you. And I
guess the why. And he said, well, you got to take it on the boardwalk, writing your bicycle
at night. And you didn't pay it. Yeah. 10 years.
Well, the game, well, I was there 32 hours for that. Are you cereal? I believe it.
32 hours. Well, I don't teach you to monkey around with that fabulous sunny Rosenberg,
man. No, it was. I didn't have a three wheeler. You know, I can't. Yeah. Yeah.
They'll nail your ass for that every time, man. Yeah. Okay.
I'm going to go out of that other place. I'm glad you're back to, you know, some of
its going to to a real place. You got it. Thanks a lot. I have a good day. Bye-bye. Wow.
Let's get our three wheelers out and show him a thing or two. God, don't you just miss
Helen Dale? Oh, boy. I have to do another show from the diplomat mall or somewhere in
Helen Dale. I'm a real thing to do over there. I don't go to Helen Dale. Oh, you'd go
to Helen Dale. You didn't go to the thing with me that day? Oh, yeah. You'd had a great time.
And sunny would have come over and shaking your wing. And RJ would have come rushing in there
with all looking around behind him, seeing all of his supporters. Both of them. Don't you have
to drive down Helen Dale Beach Boulevard to get to the bowed county fair? Well, you can go that
way. Yeah. Yeah. To a federal highway. Well, everybody be careful. Be careful.
Just speak. Now as a matter of fact, what you should do is just like close your eyes and put it
on auto automatic pilot. What do they call that? I never even use the cruise control. That's it.
You can cruise the Boulevard and get it up to about 100. Right right now is the perfect time.
Do it. It's one just about 130. Now, and this is J walking time in Helen Dale. Very big after
lunch and before the early bird. Now speaking of cars, someone did not show up today.
Well, Spencer didn't make it, but Spencer probably figured because of the weather,
he wouldn't show up today. Was that a good excuse? Well, the disappointment. Pretty lame,
Spencer. Pretty stinking lame. And it's getting real ponderous, okay?
So we'll give him one more chance next week. And if he doesn't show, we'll have to. I don't know
what they'll we'll do. Well, I should go through jiffy car wash or something. April,
were them with your 134 update from the WIOD News Center brought to you by rainbow dodge.
These are some of the stories we're following for you at the Sauer. A fire which did $3 million
worth of damage to a historic Concord, New Hampshire church is blamed on an Orlando man who's
confessed to setting over 50 blazes for the third time this year. A fraternity at Florida State
University has had its charter suspended. And the third largest cocaine bust in Mississippi
occurred last night thanks to a tip from Florida officials. The Dow Jones industrial average is
up 7.83 at the Sauer details on these and other stories coming up at two o'clock on WIOD News Talk
Radio 610. Fredericks, there's one thing you have to learn. If you're gonna sell cars and trucks
at rainbow dodge. What's that bus? We never say no at rainbow. Well, that's easy enough. All right,
now repeat after me. We never say no at rainbow. I'm Michael Jackson and I just want to
say no. This is Michael Jackson. It's he's got problems. Okay, he really does. He's living with
Marlon Brando. Are you serious? Yes. What's Wally Cox going to say about that?
When he finds out about, takes a little while for the news to travel to the other side. But when he
hears about it, man, he's gonna be really PO's. Interesting couple though, you think? Yeah,
Michael Jackson and Marlon Brando. Maybe Marlon made him an offer he couldn't
refute.
Okay, moving right along, let's go to Pumbi Chilo.
Nail. Yes.
How are you?
Okay. First time caller.
Great.
I uh, what are you doing online too?
Well, I'm calling you collect. I'm at work in Pumbi Chilo.
Excellent. Now we like that. We like that a lot because this company's got more money than
God and when you make them spend it, I love it.
Now they have you, they have me on call for about 10 minutes since before the break.
Good. That's good.
I've never, I didn't hear you on say the four pranks because I never listened to them.
Well, yeah, you had a lot of company.
I uh, I hadn't heard of you till I started listening. I've been listening to IOD for a
couple of years since before the dean and before Paul and before Bill.
Yeah, they had quite a parade here and it's time you thought, didn't they?
Yeah, that 10 o'clock time stock kept changing every time I heard that another name.
And I used to hear Steve mentioned a lot and I just wanted to tell you that I think you're great
and uh, you're really funny.
Thank you. And have a great holiday.
Thanks. Oh, one more thing.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I know you don't like a request, but uh, however, however,
but you know, you're a first time carter.
I know I have a week guy who I have no sales resistance in.
I thought that might get that in.
If you could sometime before uh, to a clock, uh, play that uh,
polka nose, that uh, well, I got news for you.
Don't have to ask Carter that because that's my favorite one and it's just, uh, it's the greatest.
It's historical.
Yeah.
All right. Thanks a lot.
Wait a minute now. Wait a minute.
You got to, you got to stall so I can find it now.
Um, I have to get off the phone and go back to my car.
I'm out on patrol.
Just a second.
Wait one second, okay?
Okay.
One minute.
What the hell did I do it?
Okay, I'll let you go.
We'll see you later.
All right.
Now if you, uh, if you play your favorite one, visit.
Uh, not playing the Andrew sisters.
Uh, darn.
Tomorrow.
Oh, okay.
Something to look for.
Yeah.
What the hell would I do with it?
The holidays.
The holidays.
The holidays.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'll put little stars on there like a star of David.
No, seriously, I put little things on the cards and then that way you can find it fast
until somebody puts them in alphabetical order.
I don't want to mention any names.
It's 140, 20.
Deal.
We got a lot of clock watchers out there, which is why we give a lot of time on this here.
Radio place.
Hello, I'm Sol.
And I'm Harry.
He'd tell you about a special place.
Just a short little time.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
I'm going to have to start writing on these and go.
Why did you do it?
You must have been desperate.
I was desperate yet.
Anyway, it wound up that a lot of young couples are getting in there.
Now they're trying to evict all the young couples.
Isn't that nice?
They're all heart, man. Those old farts.
They're all heart.
They don't allow you to play the stereo.
I mean, they want mufflers on the toilet.
They want mufflers on the toilet.
They want mufflers on the toilet.
They want mufflers on the toilet.
They want to get my mother in a hot water with her neighbors.
But I'm going to say it again.
She's got some neighbors who walk.
You think that there was a herd of elephants in the building.
I mean, they just every step is like life and death.
And every time I go over there for dinner.
And you know, we have a wonderful dinner.
And you sit down on the sofa and you rely.
Try to relax.
And I don't know how she handles it.
Boy, she must wear earplugs when I'm out there.
Because it's just enough to drive you nuts.
And these are old people. These aren't young people.
I agree with you.
It's a matter of fact, one thing that's really getting me is there are some old people that are...
And I agree with you.
There's an awful lot of nice ones there.
But there are some that are just incredible.
And I have one downstairs for me that they just write office while she's a crazy old lady.
That one's in state. But the young people, if they make a sound, you know, goodbye.
Yeah, that's right. They're under a hundred, man. Get rid of them and get them out.
Yeah, and I don't... I'm Jewish.
So this is an anti-semitic.
But when I put on my Yiddish Imam, I can crank that sucker off to 125.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And that's the God's honest truth.
Yeah, if I put anything else on.
So I want to dedicate, if you don't mind a suggestion, some Thanksgiving music.
If you still have it like Fairfax Avenue and the Kosher Cowboy.
Oh, yeah. We got that for tomorrow. We'll play it on Thanksgiving Day.
Just for your crown over there.
And have a happy Thanksgiving. And Glenn, I love you till you're great.
Thanks a lot. See you later. Bye-bye.
Bye. Good luck to you.
Because it sounds like he's going to need it.
Yeah. Now listen, if you're under a hundred, don't move into any of those mausoleums.
Okay, any of those condo-commando outfits. Forget it.
I feel sorry for him because I just realized how miserable I would be if I was in his city.
Oh, man. Terrible.
Unbelievable. Terrible.
And they just... they look at you with that hostile look and they want you out.
Out. Get out of here.
And don't ever come back. That kind of thing.
Just kind of the way we feel about some of them.
Miami, hello.
Yeah, he don't think it's going.
Okay. This is Paul.
Hey, Paul. Hey, how's it going, Bert?
Okay. That was a great show you had there, you just see.
Yeah, I was standing on there. Yes, it was.
Yeah, I appreciate that.
Let me ask you a question.
Yes, Paul. What's the question?
Everybody else got a question or a problem?
Well, I'm a story today.
Okay.
Okay, I live down in Kendall.
And maybe Bert will be all-ass.
Is there any good pizza places down here?
Well, I'll tell you one, but Neil vehemently disagrees with me, but I think...
Oh, boy.
Well, I'll tell you another one, then.
You're in Kendall, right?
Yeah, I heard about Miami's one.
Well, you know, over on Bird Road is Frankies, which has been there for a million years, which is real famous.
Wait a minute. Let me interrupt.
Nick is asking a question here on the screen.
Can my caller not use the inane term? How is it going? No.
Okay.
They cannot do that. They must say that. That's part of it. We've trained them.
I think Nick's going to mic in there.
Nick wants to do his own show.
The next question is, oh, yeah. He wants his own show.
And maybe tomorrow we'll give him an opportunity.
Great.
Everybody talks about that pop of VIX, which is across the street from the town of Country Mall.
Yeah, I had it there. That's a really good stuff.
Yeah. I don't know if this is far south enough for you, but that place on Flagler Street, the pizza loft that runs the other day is excellent.
Flagler, okay.
That's on Flagler Street out, not too far from the Palmetto. It's outstanding.
Okay. I'll check out that place.
Now, shall I tell you my favorite and you will pass out on the floor and make guttural noise?
Oh, here we go ahead. Go ahead.
Little Caesars on Dixie Highway.
Oh, yeah. I've been there.
It's not in the chain. It's an independent little caesars.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
Yeah. That's my favorite.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. What are you thinking?
My brother's eating at the U.M.
And I don't know if you could call him a douchebag.
Yeah.
Well, I'll be honest with you, we haven't had any other request for that.
So, because you're such a good guy, what's his name?
Andy.
Oh, Andy, if he is at U of M, he definitely is a douchebag.
I guess he speaks for itself. Good luck to you, Andy.
Okay.
And don't forget to run up the score.
Okay. See you later.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye. Now, they wouldn't do that with that. The U of M?
No. Run up the score on anybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to get joy
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to get joy
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to get joy
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
I'm not going to be a jackalock, I'm not going to be a jackalock
They're all round They're all round They're all round
They're all round
They're all round
And I'll tell you one thing
the answer that is if you like boobs a lot, you would love to work in where we just came from.
More boobs over there than Carter's got pills. Okay, it's 11 till 2 at WIOD.
Steve with open phones from 2 to 6 this afternoon is going to be apologizing profusely
for that intempered language that got on to your yesterday. Right now if you're perhaps in this
business and you're desperate to get out or if you're a young person who still hasn't decided
what you're going to do, then check out EFMI, the Entertainment Institute right here in Miami.
They have a one year course the next term begins on December 5th so you better check it out
real soon and they offer you an extensive one year program and they will teach you to direct
the operations of arenas, auditoriums, concert halls, convention sites, stadium sports facilities,
theaters and theme parks. It's an exciting field and this is the only school in all in North America
that specializes in the training of facility management personnel. So if you really want to get
into something where there's some serious money, there's some excitement, there's some travel,
then check out the Entertainment Institute they're located at 1460 Brickle Avenue.
They offer you affordable tuition, they're outstanding scholarships and they also offer you
job placement opportunities even while you're attending class. It sounds good to you and you'd
like to get more information you'd call them right now. Tell them Neil Rogers at WIOD told you to call
371-61-11. That's 371-61-11 for the Entertainment Institute in Miami.
KB furniture must raise cash. Creditors demand payment now over $450,000 of furniture inventory
must be sold. We have no choice but to order all surplus inventory sold immediately,
regardless of cost or loss. All living rooms, dining rooms, bedrooms, sleepers, recliners,
bedding and accessories must be turned into cash. The principals have decided no reasonable offer
refused. It's suggested to come early while inventory is complete for the best election.
KB furniture is located at 1951 West Copens Road, northeast corner of Copens and
Powellan Road behind Wendy's. KB is open Mondays through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.,
Sunday 12 noon to 5 p.m. Call 9600-0714 for more information. That's 9600-0714.
Mastercard, Visa or in and out of state checks accepted. No reasonable offer refused.
KB furniture must raise cash. KB furniture, 1951-Copens Road in Pomford, Opeach.
With cooler weather, many people want to button up their addicts by closing all the vents.
When I tell them not to, they think I am crazy. What you don't think about is that if your
addict is closed, it's going to trap humanity. As the surfaces in the addict get colder than the
air, condensation occurs and these surfaces start to sweat. That moisture can cause riding
among the wood parts of the house. It can also cause fungus to start to grow.
Metal parts can start to rust. If the moisture drips down on the insulation,
the R value is greatly diminished. Enough moisture can drip to soak through the sheet rock
of the ceilings of your house below. So you see you need ventilation in the winter just as much
as you do in the summer. And don't think about closing just part of the vents. You need a certain
amount of vents that allow fresh air to come in and other parts of the system to exhale the moist air.
Remember, paint, roofing insulation, sheathing wood and metal can be affected by your ventilation
or lack of it. I'm Al Carroll, the super handyman. Al Carroll wants to closing up addict vents for the winter.
UM Head Football coach Jimmy Johnson. Every one of you know this better than anybody in the world.
You know something that people will never ever ever feel. They'll never ever come close to it.
You know what it means to really love a team.
To beat up.
And have fun.
Jimmy Johnson, part of the WIOD sports team Thursday nights at seven.
Only on News Talk Radio 6 stand. WIOD.
Depend on it. 153 at WIOD. Let's go to four-larterdale. Hello.
Welcome Neil. Yeah. Hey Jimmy Johnson just got me really inspired there.
Okay, I'm glad for you. Hey listen, this is like a part-time job trying to get a hold of you.
What are you going to do? Run up the score over the weekend now?
No, I didn't. I didn't.
I didn't joke Jimmy. Don't get all upset now. It's just a joke.
I didn't know you would have popular over guy.
By what?
Um, I started listening to you when you came to WIOD. I never heard you before.
Oh, come on now.
I swear. The only time I heard of you was, uh, I used to listen to Steve at two o'clock.
Yeah, he talked about me incessantly.
Like he was just a rip you. Yeah.
And it's a good thing I didn't take everything he said seriously.
That's correct.
You, uh, you know, bird got a pretty good show there.
Yeah, not great, but it's pretty good.
Um, I called Steve once and I got through in two minutes.
That's what kind of threw me off. Wait, so long.
What does that mean?
No, I'm just saying how long how long did you take you to get through an issue?
Probably about 45 minutes.
All right. Let's hear it.
The phones have been great this, uh, today.
I don't know what's going on.
Listen, I think you and bird have a really great show.
Great show now. It's pretty good.
Well, it's pretty good.
It's a good stuff.
Not just that.
Okay, excellent.
We're delighted.
Keep up the good work.
Okay.
And that's song you, but I'm not making a request.
No, even on the first time call.
That's correct.
And especially since we are out of time, I know you're at, but I just want to say that song about Elvis's daughter, Lisa Marie.
Yeah, we just played it.
Yeah, we'll play it again tomorrow.
I listen. You guys have a nice Thanksgiving.
You too.
Take care.
Boy, boy.
Bye, bye.
Wow.
Well, tomorrow is Thanksgiving.
So we're going to play everything tomorrow.
We're going to play everything we can get our hands on.
I'm serious.
Why not?
Well, we'll see what we'd like to do.
That stuff on a whole of days.
And then you can get your cassette recorders going.
If you got an IQ over two and you don't have to keep calling in and bugging us.
And you can record all the stuff you want.
You can listen to it in your car or in your house or in the john or wherever you want to.
Okay.
Oh, well,
get out of our lives and off of our backs.
It's 155.
What are you looking at me like that for?
What kind of a look was that?
Just a little joke.
Boy, he's getting real.
Well, he's touchy after that episode yesterday.
He's getting a little.
He's been fine up till now, but he's a little bit touchy today.
After yesterday's little comfort Thompson.
Five o'clock hour.
But we'll get all the explanation about that in the upcoming Steve Kane show.
Won't we?
Or I'm sure sorry.
I miss that.
Yeah.
I really did.
I had two or three calls at home like frantic.
Bye.
You hear what happened?
I said, just go get a life and leave me alone.
Okay.
Sunrise hung up, huh?
Boy, thank God.
Oh no, they're on eight.
Hello.
I want a meal.
Hey, no.
Yeah, what do you want?
J from J and Scott.
