It's the memorial day version of the Neurodgers show.
So stand up on your bed and salute.
Here comes that Braun star winner himself, Neurodgers.
Can I ask you a stupid question?
Let me say it again.
Can I ask you a stupid question?
Is there like to have the whole sentence on here?
What is that?
I just turned around a little.
Let's solve it for the first time.
Is that something where we like hang one of the engineers
from there or something?
It looks like it.
It looks like a news for me.
A patriotic symbol of some sort.
Yeah.
Well that is strange.
Maybe we could hang one of the management people from there, huh?
Let's take a poll and find out which one.
So anyway, it's 551, 9 minutes till 6.
And isn't this great?
Kimba is already on the door.
She knows full.
She realizes today is a holiday.
She's already probably on her way home.
No, she is.
She cannot tear herself away.
Well, that's because she heard a rumor that we were playing some
Aerosmith in the first few minutes here.
Yeah.
And she got his stare.
Didn't she?
Yes, she was excited.
She's got a big blow up now.
Steve Tyler that she's taking home with her.
I hope you have a wonderful morning and a great holiday, Kimba.
Okay, I bet you will.
It's 9 minutes before 6 on Zeta 4.
And there she goes.
One of the great Americans.
She really is, isn't she?
One of the unsung heroes of Zeta 4.
Everybody talks about all these other stiffs.
But nobody gives Kimba any credit.
That's right.
And she works those graveyard hours, these thankless, godless hours.
And they are thankless and godless.
Anyway, it's going to be a real crappy day.
So if you got any plans for today, forget it.
Okay.
This weather has got to stop, doesn't it?
When does it stop?
Uh, it's that time of year.
It's the rainy season.
What do you mean it's that time of the year?
I was thinking about that yesterday as the rain was just pouring down in my swimming pool,
which I haven't used for a week because it's raining every day.
And I was thinking, you know, this rainy season, it's just another con game that they
plan Florida to make an excuse for the crap weather.
It rains every day from May to November.
Yeah.
But not all day.
I'm not swimming yesterday.
Did you really?
Yeah, late in the day.
Usually it starts right there.
No, night swimming.
No, about 5pm.
It could have been 5pm.
Yeah.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
It could have been.
Well, some...
Well, you know, Peter Moon is pretty busy in there over there.
Right.
Now, what is it that he does?
It seems like the same thing Kimba does.
No.
A little differently than the last thing.
No, I don't think so.
No, I mean, what is it that he does that keeps him so occupied that he doesn't have time
to pull the spots and do that just the common courtesy stuff that one person does for
the next one in this business?
Well, you've...
No, you've talked to some of those women.
You've talked to some of those Peter Moon women.
Oh, I mean, he shmooses on the phone with some of these sluts.
Is that what you're saying?
I didn't say any of that.
You've talked to some of them.
Some of these desperate sluts?
Desperate.
Anyway, it's $553.
We don't want to get into that because we've got a lot of important things to do here today.
I can't for the life of me figure out more of them.
I can't even.
Most of all, I can't figure out why we're here.
So few people don't call today.
You're really going to get it.
Okay, because it's a holiday and they said, now, that goes to Shoe that I'm mentally here.
Right?
I'm not well because when they offer you the day off and you say, oh no, we'll all be there.
There's going to be something basically.
You always do that.
Now, you've always...
Well, I don't like to be beholden to them.
Well, you...
I don't like them acting as though we owe them something.
Oh.
You know what I mean?
Is that a good idea?
If you do take the day off, see this way you kind of like store up when you really do want to take the day off.
Oh, you have a reserve.
Exactly.
Rather than a crawl out the reserve as a matter of fact, even big Davis here this morning, which is pretty exciting.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
I have a figure of a story to tell you.
You do?
Wow.
This is the time, right?
Wow.
Okay, do it right now.
The four-fourth, six o'clock now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
After six o'clock, we can't tell who's kind of stirring.
That's right.
So now it's nothing dirty.
Oh, then let's save it.
Let's save it till some people are listening.
Okay, big Davis back from Hawaii, looking fit and chipper and why for God's sake, he isn't sleeping.
I have no idea.
It's only...
What is it?
Hawaii.
Oh, yeah.
It's only been night and it's also partly cloudy and about 80 something.
And it's not raining either.
It's beautiful or trust me.
Okay, it doesn't...
They don't have a rainy season like this one.
They know?
They may have their own form of the rainy season, but not like this.
Now we're just pukes and pours down every single day.
It'll be okay.
For months in a row.
Trust me.
It'll be plenty of heat coming.
I don't...
That's not the point.
It's even hot when it rains, but the point is, at least have a little sunshine once in a while.
Yeah.
See, the winter months here are like December and January.
I don't mean winter, but like winter, the good months.
Starting the winter time.
It doesn't rain then.
Exactly.
But boy, once it starts getting into late May and where we are now, it rains every single day.
And it's depressing and gloomy.
You know, I was out yesterday afternoon.
I saw a billboard on Teltixie Highway and it said the lotto is now worth $20 million.
Did you see that billboard?
Well, nobody wanted Saturday.
Oh my God.
You know, $20, that's a lot of millions.
Oh, so in other words, you're going to go out and buy a bunch of tickets today?
I don't know, but it makes me think I should because...
Oh my God.
For the first time.
Oh.
Because somebody's going to win there.
I'd like to point something out to you.
Okay.
You're a champ when it was...
Remember when it was like $3 million and then it was $7 and then it went to $10 and then it was $12?
Your chance is now that it's $20 of winning.
Are not any better than in fact, they're a lot worse.
Okay.
Because a lot more people are going to be buying tickets.
So last week, they were $14 million to $1.
So let's say half again as many people go out and buy tickets because it's up to $20 million.
That means it'll be over $20 million to want against.
You're winning it.
Okay.
Now I understand that.
Probably like $30 million to want against.
But you have a better chance of walking out of this room into the general manager's office.
Finding a check for $2 million made out to you.
Then you do a winning that lot of money.
That's a hell of a way to put it.
Exactly.
You have a better chance of opening up your next paycheck and finding a $10 billion bonus
than you do of winning that lottery.
Yeah, but a $20 million to one chance of telling Gary Lawrence.
To go to hell.
To go to hell.
I mean, he's not a very nice way to put it.
You got to weigh these things, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I had a different way to put it but federal law.
So him, it's even before 6 a second word was off.
I know that.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's three minutes before 6 on say to four.
And I just called and said that somebody won.
No, I saw the billboard yesterday afternoon, late afternoon.
Well, we don't know because we don't have a paper so we don't know any texture.
But I'm just saying I saw this billboard.
We don't have the scores though.
That's good.
Now that's a good start but we have no Harold.
And today being Monday, useless today doesn't print on a holiday.
That's correct.
Or on the weekend.
No.
Or on Sukkis or Tisha Buff.
When the hell do they print?
Well, now they do print on Tisha Buff.
Oh, do they?
Well, I know last year, but it's they were a little shaky getting here.
I know that last Friday.
That's right.
So anyway, here's the scoreboard.
The Lakers look like absolute garbage yesterday.
Okay, Dallas beat him 118 to 104 to tie up their series into a piece.
The NBA playoffs still have a long way to go.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Boston and Detroit today.
And of course, hockey is over.
I know that breaks your heart.
I don't believe that.
Although the college world series, I guess we should congratulate the hurricanes.
Somewhat.
They won the Atlantic Regional again.
But you know, Ron, I got to say this.
When you're playing toson state James Madison and Vassar,
there's got to be something a little bit that Ron Fraser has got a sense of humor
that's not to be, but they played teams with girls on it this weekend.
Okay.
I mean, let's get serious.
But anyway, they won to the go to Omaha again to the college world series.
We wish them a best of luck.
But you know, they're not going to be playing toson state up there.
Posting state.
Did you hear it here?
Is that just school?
No.
Neither did anybody else.
Never heard of.
This is why nobody showed up for games.
Now, now we do have the Serena football.
Yeah, that's coming up.
Yeah, a little bit.
All right.
Okay. Well, no, we don't want to lump them together.
We'll have a special school for those here.
The Major League baseball or what Sunday?
So that means we got a load of games.
Brewer 70 Indians 2 Toronto 4, the White Sox 3, the twins beat the Tiger 6 to 3.
Kansas State pound of the Daylights out of Texas 12 to 1.
Baltimore beat the Angels 3 to 2.
Oakland 5, the Red Sox 4 and the Yankees beat Seattle 7 to 3.
And actually Dodgers 2 Montreal won the Padres beat the Met 6 to 3.
He Phillies beat the Giants 4 to 2.
Cardinals beat the Braves 2 to 1.
Pirates over the Reds 4 to 2.
The Pirates are only 3 and a half out, by the way.
I mentioned that in passing.
And the Astros beat the pathetic Cubs 7 to 1.
Okay, that's it.
So there's a scoreboard.
It's a minute before 6 on WZTA, Miami Beach and all the rest.
And today being a holiday, I promised that we would bring out a lot of old stuff today.
But first before we do that, what is he doing in there?
Is he doing something useful or is he just wondering?
Oh, there he is.
Excuse me, I just didn't see it.
All of these pictures have been moved or something.
Oh, I see it.
Just that they've moved the curtain in.
So they've narrowed down the view that we have.
You notice that?
What the hell were they doing in here this weekend?
There must have been something really raw to go on in that controller room.
Well, that classic.
When they have to close the blinds, yeah.
Something very bizarre was going on.
You know these rock, block party parties.
Yeah, party parties.
By the way, the music was killer this weekend and the stay was incredible.
And tonight, from what is it seven o'clock in the night?
I know a lot better, but I don't have anything on it.
From seven o'clock in the night, we have the King Biscuit Flower Hour special
with all the best of the live concerts.
Uh-huh.
And we're going to be giving away some CD sets.
And also somebody's going to win a set and a CD player.
Right?
Did I get that right from the top of my head?
Sure did.
Well, I'm really sharp as a monster ball today, aren't I?
But it is kind of strange that there's nothing in here on it.
But that must be just an oversight.
I'm roast as part because he's got a lot of spirit time.
So anyway, I went out again and spent a lot more of my money this weekend.
Not again.
What did you get this time?
Well, no, I want you to stop and think about something.
He's agreed to program the 10 o'clock hour, this classic gold mine hour.
The only problem is we don't really have a lot of music in the library that fits in it.
So he's content to let me go out and keep spending my money.
And the station isn't doing anything to buy music that fits in there.
Of course, his idea of, you know, with Donovan, we do have Donovan.
Okay, but that's not exactly my idea.
It's alright because even some here.
Paul Revere.
We even have Paul Revere the Raiders on CD.
I just bought a look at that.
And he just mentioned that.
He must be getting cited.
And you'll really be pleased to know that I bought permanent vacation, the second copy,
just so I don't have to keep bringing it back home.
Oh, a backup.
Yeah, a backup.
Well, I got some incredible stuff here.
Got the Herman's Hermits.
Wow.
The BG's including nights on Broadway, the real thing on CD.
Rick Nelson on Compact, this, the original cuts,
classic rock with, you'll even like this,
Steely Danz on there and a bunch of other stuff.
Paul Revere and you're never going to believe this.
When she kissed me, I was born and she said goodbye.
Okay, Dion and Dion on the bell monster.
So many, the big day before we get all upset, but that's his problem because it's not a show.
When it gets his own show, we can do whatever he wants.
Okay.
But I just thought we'd run down a few of these real fans.
Great.
Real quick like.
If they ever start like at 602 on Zeta 4.
Each time we have a wall, it almost breaks my heart.
Oh, that's so clear.
And these are not the remakes by the time.
I'm sending the flare.
I don't know this one.
One must I love you so much.
Stand in the air for your touch.
I'll battle up the next time, standing up.
I've got to tell you that we're doing.
Wow.
Some of these I haven't heard yet.
I don't know.
You know, that like that last?
Yeah.
Wow, I got it.
Existed.
This is a good one for a captain day.
I'm just getting ready to keep playing with the second.
Yeah.
Playing it.
That sounds very clear.
I'm going to call it the neither of us.
I'm going to try out the men I squeeze them.
They don't even know my name.
They call me the wanderer.
They're the wanderer.
How much have I heard some of these in at least one, 50, 60 years?
I'm sure you hear these around your house, don't you?
Everyday.
Everyday.
Where are we?
Do you have this blank look on your face?
You don't know this side, do you?
Thank God.
You better not.
How about you having heard this, bitches?
All the solo Dion ones that were so good that a lot of us had forgotten about.
I like to tell you something all about me.
Look at him, the batter.
I wish today to wear my breath, what does that mean?
And say it does.
There's so much evil around us.
I feel that I could die.
And I know.
Yeah, that I was born and cry.
And if I ever told you all about it.
So anyway, let's put a stop on it right there.
We'll come back to the 604 on Z4 because there are like 18 cuts on here.
I'll wait till you get some of the later ones.
Everybody's just going to freak out.
Great.
Now we do have a call on hold there, but I can't see the phone.
I can't see it because I've got all these things stacked up that we're going to play today.
Uh-huh.
So I'm not really going to worry about the phone.
For a starting last Monday, we started a whole new approach on this show and that is we don't really give a damn whether you call or not.
Which for me is like a miracle.
It broke a 12 year stranglehold by the phone.
And I've broken that.
I don't know what happened to me, but I just don't care anymore.
We had a good week.
I think partly as a result of that.
I mean, if they want to call for it, if not, we don't need them.
Some other shows should take that attitude.
Anything?
Yeah.
Some other show that accuses me of having that.
What does he call it?
That the busy signal complex or some damn thin drone?
I'm not out sticking car.
So anyway, in boy the way, he's going to be on for an enormous sum.
I'm nervous.
I heard about this.
Yeah.
10 to 6.
Yeah.
I don't know what that's all about.
I'm really worried about that.
I can't have that be.
I was thinking more like from 10 to 6 to 6 would be good for that show.
Because all the real material that they've got would fit in in those 10 minutes.
No, well, this allows plenty of time for the hooters.
Yeah, Brian Ferry, which is, yeah, I do this priest.
I think we need a couple of lots of things to do.
That makes it incomplete.
Anyway, 605 and Zeta 4.
Broward heating and air conditioning is in South Florida to stay since 1956.
Broward heating and air has served the fine folks of Broward, Palm Beach and Big County.
Probably even some folks who aren't so fine with the same ownership, quality and service.
And now is the time to escape the heat and humidity with a brand new air conditioner from Tempstar.
Tempstar air conditioning systems are designed for the future, but available now with advanced features,
advanced deficiencies, and a commodity size chip for your home or office.
Broward heating and air would like you to rely on the star Tempstar.
By Tempstar, cooling from now until July 15th, and Broward heating and air will throw in five years of worry-free parts and labor protection.
And when you tell them that Neil Rogers sent you, they'll also give you a free permanent static air filter with 125 bucks.
Just to mention my name. Broward heating and air serving west Palm to Miami,
column toll free 1-800-525-5045. That's 1-800-525-5045.
Okay. Okay. It will be mostly-
It will be mostly-
Lee Cloudy today.
Scattered showers and thunderstorms, 50% chance today.
I don't like that forecast. Can't you make up something a little better today?
I make up-
It's our holiday!
People have the day off they want to go out and barbeque.
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
Now-
So-
That was a Freudian slip. I ever did one, wasn't it?
The Boston Pistons!
It's 8 minutes after 6 onays 4. And I will give the numbers out. Just in case.
I don't imagine there are too many people awake this morning at this hour.
I'm sure nobody has to go to school right now.
Most people don't have to go to work except for us.
So a lot of people are sleeping in it.
Most people are sleeping out. They're not going to get up and call us at this hour.
And-
And I saw some on my way-
Right.
And I saw some on my way in that it obviously been up all night.
And we're just coming in just head coming maybe some people coming in you know
We can't show us like that where he had a really great first hour really when the hell was that I remember one other holiday
We worked in the first hour was great because we had all these people who had been up all night
Day I think when Glenn was on a vacation or something we were doing
Kasey went a great
When the stripper called she had just got off work a bunch of yeah, that was a good day
The phone may be worth checking I mean what do you mean well just see okay?
You want to take this first one here just for the hell of it? Hello?
Pretty good. What are you doing this morning?
Um actually we're friends trying to cut computer game. I have two things to you wait a minute at six o'clock in the morning
He's playing a computer game
These kids today I know
How old is your friend about ten
18 18 well, that's close. In other words, it easy 18 going on 11 right?
No, he's going on 20. Okay, whatever you say we'll humor him
Okay, whatever remember that scandal with Joey Reynolds what scandal?
So whatever happened to him you see back on the air is not hiding you won't be here in Joey again soon
Okay, Joey's like remember Ray Muland in the invisible man. Do you remember that movie?
Well, it's before your time, but anyway trust me Joey is a history as they say
Okay, and why are you guys actually on the air today shouldn't you be in like in bed sleeping or something?
I would think so. Yeah, I think as a matter of fact, it's not too late. I
Could be home by 6.35 with no problem at all
But aren't you happy that we're here though?
Isn't this kind of like a pubic servant? You don't sound too excited that we're here working on a holiday
I was affecting a tape of your show. Oh, would you rather hear a tape of the show?
At this hour who would care I see well, thanks a lot
I thought that you'd call say gee, it's really nice that you're working on a holiday for us and it's
How's actually nice to hear your voice live? You're gonna. Oh, I hear that well
It is in debt could be a lot closer if we well anyway listen have a wonderful holiday
Okay, you two take care of yourself now
You two and tell your friend to boot you up a little will you?
Okay, bye-bye. Okay. Yeah, we're gonna put on all the stops today. We're gonna do a lot of really dirty stuff
It's 11 after 6 I
Just had to say that you know we're not but I just thought I would say it just to you know kind of like light a flicker of light
From the past yeah, yeah when we used to be able to say hello and goodbye without having people have committee meetings and bringing attorneys
Anyway, it's 11 past six on Zeta 4 and
I don't know we just play this stuff, huh?
Well, I didn't finish D on did I didn't finish D.I. We haven't heard Dave's story. You want to do the story?
Yeah, we're dying to hear it. It's little early. Okay. Well, you can notice
Preferences good. I didn't tell you about this yet. Did I know now you didn't tell me much of anything. Oh good
Anyway, let's see where did we finish all now number 10. Let's see. Where are we doing here?
For some reason this isn't planned
Oh, there it goes
Now I can hear this emanating from your house
About the windows
All over plantation
Oh
on
Oh
Justin here's the drum
I'm sure they are.
I also hear him rambling stuff in the back.
What's he doing?
He adds to the record.
He adds to the ambiance of the music.
I like it.
See how relatable.
Now this song is one of my all-time favorites.
Lovers who wander?
Aha.
Big hit.
Because I find that place for lovers who wander.
And then there's a lover's prayer and the still of the night, which is their...
It's not the same as the five saddens.
That's a different one.
I'm a little bit more...
And...
I couldn't use this.
You oughta skip that one.
Skip what one?
I mean make it skip.
Oh.
Oh yeah, four he goes.
You did that.
Okay, hold on.
I bet you haven't heard this in eternity.
This is a great record for me.
I would say in dog's days.
I hold.
I hold.
Well, Pearl's pretty old.
Yeah.
Little Diane.
All right, because this...
Yeah.
I think this was that kind of pan flute.
What's his name?
Some beer.
John's beer and a pan flute.
This was basically this morning on day 4.
Early in the spring.
Okay, let's go back to...
What?
I calm down now.
When she...
Oh, a turplop.
Oh, a turplop.
A turplop.
A turplop.
That's nice.
There you go.
So there's D on Didlan for you on the radio this morning.
615 and 1.
That's hearing that stuff just enough to make hair grow on my head
and all over my body.
It's great.
Huh?
Isn't that what I like this all about?
So anyway, 615 on Zeta 4.
And if you're lying there, I've been wondering just what the hell we're doing here...
Doing a live show on a holiday like this,
while everybody else is having the day off.
We are beginning to have the same...
And I guess no food today, right?
No, but tomorrow.
And I'm wondering, like this?
What's tomorrow?
Oh, Shells is bringing food tomorrow.
And then Thursday we got pizza coming from Newspaper Hearts.
Johnny G's gourmet pizza in the North Miami Beach.
And that sounds really good, too, by the way.
They've got some good stuff on here.
They even have pizzas with spinach and broccoli and chicken and bell peppers.
And Canadian bacon and sun-dried tomatoes and smoked provolone.
And red and yellow onions and fresh mushroom.
And today...
Yeah, like spinach pizza.
Yeah, sun-dried tomatoes.
So we're looking forward to that on Thursday.
It's going to be a big week of eating here on the show.
Which we haven't done in quite a while.
So we better go back into training, okay?
We got a couple of some great mail here, by the way.
And to show you the impact that this show has,
we have a whole packet of stuff from fan-frontthithco.
About.
And it's about the Veele, okay?
Oh, no.
Yeah, from the Humane Farming Association,
Dear Mr. Rogers, my purpose of writing is to say,
thanks, I understand you give a few plugs for our Time Magazine Veele advertisement
on your May 11th radio show.
Furthermore, I learned you've sworn off eating Veele.
Congratulations.
It's a nice letter.
And I got all this propaganda and all these sick-looking calves in here.
And these sand faces.
Oh, geez.
And look at this.
These guns are with a sad face.
And it's, while I guess he saw the book,
if you'd ever like to do a phone interview with our director,
Bradley Miller, please give me a call at so-and-so.
I'm certainly to appreciate the opportunity to speak in depth
on the crate-raised Veele issue.
The what?
Crate-raised Veele issue.
What's the one word?
It says in Veele Rogers, okay?
So they obviously are really in tune with what this show is all about,
but we thank them anyway.
Then I have a postcard from Austria.
Another fan.
Yeah, these are some of our loyals analysts who are stuck in Austria.
We miss your radio show terribly.
The radio shows here consist of yodeling.
And endless Kurt Waldheim speeches.
Wow.
Even Stan Major would sound good to us now.
Yeah.
What a statement.
Now that is a strong statement.
And at the very end, it says,
PS, give the bird a peck on the cheek for us.
Well, I think I'll pass on that.
We'll pass along your best regards, okay?
Then we have, look at this, talk about propaganda,
or somebody I know would say propaganda.
Remember those days?
Anyway, the Rubatourism Authority has sent me just...
Oh.
Just rings of stuff.
Great.
About a Rubum.
Maybe you'd like to take a look at that for your next trip there.
Soon.
And it's 617 on Zaynipore.
You know, I had such a peaceful quiet week.
Oh, week was incredible.
I bet.
And just in the last 15 hours,
I've been such trauma in my house.
It's incredible.
Anyway, then somebody sends...
Somebody sends Captain Dave.
And the guy's name is Dave R.E.I.D.E.R.
So he says to us this morning,
Oh, look at Dave Ryder's, Sennisson.
Now, the guy's name is Ryder,
but it's not the same Dave Ryder's you hear on those
in Sippet recordings for the weather, okay?
Or that makes all those money?
That's what I'm talking about.
9776 numbers.
But anyway, this guy,
and I hear this guy with a sense of humor,
he wants Captain Dave to rate all of these different
radio and TV personalities.
He's got just millions of them listed on here.
And he wants them rated on a scale of 1 to 10,
not just in one category, mind you.
Personality, speech, delivery, knowledge, and professionalism.
Such big names is Clarence Lot and W.I.D.E.R.
Professionalism.
Joe Brennan and W.S. News.
Sonny Hirshon, W.I.O.D.
As Anna squeak on there.
Anna, ask you, we as somebody
and no causaries on here, yeah?
And the Naomi Wright.
Naomi Wright.
Jim Frank.
Bill McQuig.
Peppy Fields.
Robbie Young.
Tody Fields.
This guy does.
This guy does.
He has a sense of humor.
So anyway, this guy's, so we got some pretty interesting
male considering, yeah, considering it's probably from
a week ago, but that's the way we get our male here.
It's 619 on Zeta 4 and I'll be damn.
We got a little something to do here.
I'll be damn.
A couple of calls on there.
I shouldn't give the numbers out.
I shouldn't, I just in case.
620, 3600 in Dade.
And 779, 3600 in Broward.
Now today is a holiday.
So if you're one of those people that doesn't like to
wait a long time and gets really frustrated because
during the week in the past, you know, a lot of times
you can't get through.
I guarantee you there'll be no problem at all today.
Okay, because it's a holiday and it's a wonderful time to call.
And we've been telling you how thrilled I am with my new mobile phone
that I got from the fine folks at ABC Cellular.
Well, Florida's number one mobile phone company is going to
get you mobile this week with their incredible two for one sale.
I've never heard anything like this in terms of car phones.
The NAC 4500ES is a great all around car phone with
hands-free operation so you can talk and drive at the same time.
It's kind of like walking in trinig on at the same time.
So listen to this, you buy the NAC from our friends at ABC Cellular
and you'll get one free only from ABC.
No money, no payments for six months and that's not all.
When every purchase you'll get dinner for two at Tony Romas.
So give ABC a call today.
They really have the best mobile phones you can buy and they make sure
that you're satisfied.
The number to call in both day, brown, pombi, forever is 621-6000.
ABC authorized agents for Cellular One.
Whatever you do, take advantage of this incredible two for one offer this week from ABC.
Call 621-6000.
Okay?
Okay.
All right.
Now I have a little bit of news here, but I think I better save it just in case
with a real newscast.
Oh, in other words, you don't want to tip your hand?
No, I just may not.
If I do it now, I'm having a need to do.
Yeah, so I would rather.
I'll just say that I saw a billboard yesterday that says the lottery is up to 20 million.
Which means nobody wanted and that's what they're going to draw for this coming Saturday.
And we have some positive words too.
That's pretty good news.
Somebody did one.
We've had about three calls saying that seven people said.
Well, then why did they say?
Well, there was just in case they were getting ready.
It's like billboards out there with Joey's picture on them.
Oh, I see.
Just in case he's stuck around.
But obviously that isn't going to happen.
And a lottery isn't going to be worth 20 million.
I see.
Someone won the 14 million or whatever.
Ever in a West Coast.
Yeah, from the West Coast again.
That's usual.
Well, then that says new.
Probably one of Bob Martinez's buddies over there from the West Coast.
Probably somebody from E-Borr City, right, Governor Bob?
No speaking in English.
Who the hell are you kidding, pal?
Okay.
All right.
Well, they know how to do it or what.
They know how to screw everything up.
They can mess up the Pope.
This was a news guest.
I didn't know someone won the whole thing.
And we just learned something.
Isn't it nice when we do a newscast when we learn from the audience?
I like that.
621 on Zeta 4.
It's the Neil Rogers show on Zeta 4.
Okay, 623 on this Memorial Day morning.
And what can I say?
We actually have a bunch of calls on the phone, which is frightening.
And one has to really wonder why, right?
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good.
How are you doing, Neil?
What are you doing up at this hour?
I'm working.
I've been up for this midnight.
Really?
You and what?
I work over at people's gas systems on the gas control order.
Oh, you're the gas man.
Yeah, I'm the gas man.
Yes, it's about the gas.
Well, we've got a whole bunch of gas.
I was going to ask you about that.
Yeah.
About that lottery winning.
I did hear something about it on TV.
But I didn't know that's the way it went.
You know, I saw.
For there is $20 million to look for gas, huh?
No.
No?
No, somebody, see, that's what the billboard said.
But that would only be if nobody wanted it, it would be up to 20.
Oh, really?
So some jerk over there on the West Coast won the $14 million, I guess.
So now it goes back to $0.
Is that something?
Yeah, so I don't know how much it'll be.
I guess it's guaranteed for a million, right?
That's where it starts.
Yeah, I think so.
So it'll be, not even worth playing for a million, right?
Yeah.
When he odds there about $10 million to one against it, I mean,
you got to be out of your mind.
You got to wait till it gets up to about $2 or $3 billion.
Yeah, you know, I really don't play that thing.
It's just like you were saying, you know, the chances of winning one of those things was like...
Let me tell you, let me give you a parallel, okay?
You know, today is Memorial Day and a lot of people are going to be barbecuing if the weather clears up.
Really?
Okay, you could use that money that you would spend to buy the lottery tickets instead of charcoal, okay?
And accomplish the same thing, because you might as well burn it.
That's true.
So I don't know, you know, it was kind of like, when you guys were talking about a little while ago,
and I said to myself, yeah, I heard all of them use just last night when I was there.
I was just walking the rerun of the honest queen who was saying that to me.
Oh, then you hit the... maybe we misunderstood.
Yeah.
Yeah, we better double check it, because when Anna asks, week is on air, man, you need 16 interpreters just to be sure.
Okay, we'll check it out for you.
See if we can find somebody speaks English, okay?
Take a walk now.
Okay, have a good one.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Well, I can't believe these bright, articulate, intelligent, rational, semi-human people that are up in this hour on a Memorial Day holiday Monday, whatever it is.
Can you?
No, I can't.
This place looks unbelievable.
What a rubah.
Yeah, let's check this out.
Look, there's hardly anyone at the beach just...
I like it real quiet, peaceful.
It's all over that thing.
The particular couple, if that's what is in a rubah, I'll pass, okay.
That's not my cup of tea.
But anyway, yeah, I've had mixed reviews.
No, don't forget, that's from the promotion, that's from the chamber people who are promoting it.
Oh, they wouldn't lie to us, wouldn't they?
No, they're not.
Just like in the Bahamas, you know, when they tell you how wonderful the engine feel it is.
Now, why don't you go with me to Cosmell in a few weeks?
Have a wonderful time, okay.
Are you really going to Cosmell?
They asked me if I wanted to go.
Oh boy, and you know how much eating he does, don't you?
Well, better get some kale pectade like a couple of cases for when he comes back.
Well, he's going to be doing a green apple quick step for months when he comes back from Mexico, isn't he?
Well, you can bring your own water.
I got my little stash of water starting my avion back there, and I'm taking it home today, by the way.
You're taking a lot of stuff home.
Well, I might as well make him carry something when we get on it.
You're going to get any food today?
No.
On this holiday, it'll be pretty bizarre, wouldn't it?
I mean, we have to really have an incredibly loyal audience for food to show up today, like maybe even fat rich driving up here with something that he would have.
I'm pretty hungry.
Yeah, well, that's why I'm begging because, you know, to get him to come in here this hour, the morning was a gargantuan task.
He was begging and pleading to come in and speak to his public.
Well, he hasn't been here in a very long time.
We got some peppers.
What were you going to say not long enough is that I just saw the words from him.
On the birds lips there, not long enough, I think, was the, he's alright.
Oh, a little hospital this morning.
I know to say 26 past.
I thought we'd become friends, obviously, has to ride.
Now, what did I say?
You just look like you're, like you're experiencing a little consternation this morning, but that's because you have no paper.
It's not about Dave, yeah.
Okay.
It's not about, I have no news.
What is it, Lane?
Let's talk about it.
I don't have a newspaper.
I don't know what's going on.
I feel we should discuss this.
Oh, cheers.
This is good.
I like this when you two start, what do you call this?
What do you call this?
Like the biggersons?
Are we, are we the biggersons?
Yeah, something like that.
And then I wanted to ask you a question.
Is David Letterman live now?
No, they're still, they're still in reruns, but they're talking about coming back.
I think next Monday, they'll start them live again.
I better take some more calls because these people are hanging up on me.
I might need to be, chill out.
Hey, it's all on Neil.
Okay.
That's a big day than in the bird.
And a little day, yeah.
Yeah.
We're so keen.
Yeah, go, Cain's.
Now, how do you like that assortment of teams that they played in the...
Okay, let me tell you, the team is from Houston.
Houston?
Yeah, right outside Baltimore.
Oh, yeah, sure.
A few thousand students.
What do they do?
Find them hanging out outside Pimlicore or something?
ODAVs?
No.
Billy Hunter.
Billy Hunter.
Well, I'll be damned.
That's great.
I'll be sure to detect the B-top counterliners.
Yep.
And of course that James Madison, that's your halva.
You know, I wish they'd start playing some schools with guys all, though.
You know, these girls schools, it gets a little embarrassing, but Ron's got a great sense of humor.
He knows how to get to Omaha.
Why would this one the first time you see it?
What?
Well, it was also gone.
Well, good for them.
Oh, they beat...
Stetson.
Stetson.
Yeah, that's another one of my favorites.
Oh, look at that.
The team with the funny hats, yeah.
Okay, well, listen, go kids, right?
Whatever you say.
Okay, have a good day.
Please, don't ever, ever call us early in the morning.
20 and after six, 6 to all, 3600 in the day, 7779, 3600 and brown.
Boy, great.
Kill it, honey.
What a fight, there!
At worst, delivered.
We know the kid is surviving household accidents is early warning.
Yeah, boy, I just love them, beans.
Oh, no!
Come on, kids.
Help them up these winners!
Well, I don't look like it.
It was a dog that done it.
When the worst happens, worst alert is there,
constantly sniffing the air for those silent but deadly personal fumes.
It's the worst alert, personal fume detected.
Put one in your office.
Smellers, I need this 200 page report in one hour.
What?
And open the window.
Put one in your car, too.
Hey, thank you for reading that burrito to go, man.
Hey, thank you.
Get automatically lower as your window.
Man, close your window.
The worst alert, personal fume detected.
Available now with gas, modern, old, cheese, waste, old.
Near, we see up in the morning.
Near, we see up in the night.
Something's not a good day.
That DJ was, he the best or what, huh?
630 on Zeta 4 and thank God he's not in there,
so he's not going to make me play the rest of that.
I can't stand when he does that.
That sounds pretty good, actually.
Yeah, it does. It's great.
And he's going to do some more for us, too.
That's DJ's saying.
That's DJ in his group, yeah.
Wow.
Good, huh?
Yeah.
And he said he's going to do like a whole jingle package for us.
No matter how much we insult him, he still,
he loves the fact that we play that.
Oh, I'm sure.
And I don't know why he's amazed that we play it,
because it sounds great.
Everybody loves it.
They even played it on Channel 7 on the Slimet Fine.
That's right.
So they must have loved it.
Does he have any real songs that he's got?
Tape soof.
I don't know.
Probably trying to encourage him now, is that it?
Probably just I'd like to hear some more of this.
Yeah, the real music.
Maybe you'd like to invite him to come over the house with his group,
and he could jam all day.
No, I could throw a party.
You could sleep at the station.
No, I could, yeah, that's, I would trust me.
That would be a sure way to keep me out of the house,
is to invite to DJ, and go to his group.
Okay, those day lines are really flash and frantically,
and if you believe that, 620, 3600 and Dave,
like I said, we got a lot of stuff to play,
and we really don't care.
And something that dawned on me over the weekend,
I have no idea why I didn't suggest it on Friday,
but it's never too late to suggest.
And that is that a lot of you, pan and ES people,
that like to make requests, even when we don't take them,
that make these suggestions, and pretend not to be making requests.
Why not get the cassette recorder out now?
Get some blank tape, and record a lot of this stuff,
because we're gonna play a lot of the stuff that many of you
have never even heard from last year.
It's a good night.
Like, seriously, like the Tammy Fae thing,
and Ross did you, and all of that old stuff.
You mean get a cassette and record them?
Yeah, instead of asking us to do that,
actually putting the cassette in the machine,
and hooking the radio up in there somehow,
or even just putting it in front of the speaker,
with the sound that good, but whichever way you want to do it,
and recording off the air.
Yeah, most of the machines, I think, record radio off the air.
Right off the air, yeah, well, of course,
it's pretty simple to do that, but I mean,
people that don't have one of those kind, most of them do.
Yeah, most people do that.
Well, that's pretty unorthodox.
Yeah, and it does eliminate a lot of work for us
where they can't stand.
But just give it some thought, okay?
I wanna pressure you or anything, but it's something to think about.
There's something to think about, then you'll have a whole collection of this stuff
to, you know, whittle away your idle time,
all some of it when it's raining, can'ts, and dogs out.
You can't do anything in this Godforsaken place, okay?
Isn't it amazing how, unless, in a year, I had forgotten how awful it is,
see when it up north, when it rains, and it's dank, and it's gray all day,
it doesn't make any difference, because you're still up north, okay?
And there's still all of those other things going on that don't happen here.
But when it happens here like that, when it's raining and gray and dank all day,
then you really want to blow your brains out.
You do, I don't know.
I like it.
You realize where you are.
What is it that you're looking for?
It's an astray.
An astray?
Well, you think we can accommodate him with an astray, because you know how anti-smoking the boss is?
And this little tiny studio Dave.
Oh, I know, Gleng, it's not the best.
No, he doesn't care.
Here, here, here.
Use this cup.
Anyway, it's 6.33, just blow it all over against the wall there, okay?
So it is never something to bitch about.
We are pretty oblivious.
Hey, let's take a call from Pomano this morning.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay.
This is the X-Ruch Astaria, who called you last.
Oh, by the way, listen, I'm so glad you mentioned it because I want to thank Frank in the Larry or Frankenstein or whoever was it,
said the White Hots in a hot sauce.
They are incredible.
Even Big Dave over here has become a White Hots of Hallock.
He just go nuts and they are the best.
There's Wiggles White Hots.
They sure are.
Neil, I am taping the show today.
I was wondering, is there any chance you'll be playing young Neil today?
I've heard that's an incredible thing you have.
You've never heard it?
He heard it's an incredible thing.
I have all I got to do is to...
I don't know who's been looking, but trust me.
Okay, I'm going to play it in just a second, so keep your tape rolling.
It is rolling.
We'll even do a request today.
Okay, that's how anxious we are to get this show over with, all right?
All right, Neil.
Okay.
Good luck to have a great life, sir.
I'll try.
Okay, 634 on Zeta4.
And now wait a minute, this is a long thing, though.
So we better do the break first, right?
This is three and a half minutes.
Oh my God.
So we better do the break first, Captain Dave.
It's 634.
I'm saying...
We'll come back right after these very important massages.
It's a 636, some lucky stiff over in Port Charlotte of all places.
Some Yeehaw, some Redneck, some Backwoods douchebag,
$1,000,000,000 in Florida Lottery, you know?
It's either going to be another Tom Sawyer or Huckleberry Finn.
One of those Phantom people, you know?
One of those Mark Twain characters keeps winning it every week.
Don't you begin to wonder where the money's really going?
In the Injo.
Yeah, somebody like that.
So anyway, a good luck to all you suckers again.
And like I said, if you got money throw away, instead of wasting it on a Lottery,
because none of you won it this week and you're never going to win it,
just send us the money, okay?
Just put it in the big brown bag.
Now is this Dave Ryder here on the front of a business money,
Ryder's driving force?
Yeah, sure looks like it.
He's a heavy hitter.
A heavy hitter.
Toughest nails and a nice guy.
Now that's Dave Ryder, isn't he?
Yeah, and we wish he'd get in one of those trucks and head on out of town real quick.
About those snacks of money that he refuses to bring to us, okay?
You know, when your friends make it big and they won't bring you bags of money,
then, oh, and you know what else I watched a little bit of last night?
And I tell you, he looked really good last night was Johnny Depp on the first street.
He looked like all clean cut and clean shave.
Yeah, sure it is.
Unlike the day he was here, kind of, well, he looked pretty good here,
but he was a little disheveled and unshaven and messed up.
And they really cleaned him up last night, boy.
He looked almost antiseptic.
However, the question I've got,
if you want to be on that show, 21 Jump Street,
how heavy does the earring have to be in your...
I'm serious Dave.
They all have to have a chain like down to your puppet with a big cross on the bottom.
One of those.
And, you know, I just wonder how heavy it has to be to qualify to be on the show.
So it's 637 on Zeta 4, and look at that now.
We said we'd even take requests,
and they aren't exactly fooling you from us.
So what does that tell you?
That we're broadcasting to a very limited group until probably about 8 o'clock,
830 dollars start crawling out of the sack.
Now, back to the Neil Rogers program on Clone Porting, WGVA.
And you know what would be even better?
Yeah, that's not going to work out.
I got that's a mono card.
She sure knows that?
That's right.
That's a mono card.
So the guy who's taping right now is all excited.
Oh, boy.
That's a nice feedback though that he got on his tape.
That was real nice.
So that's only going to have to wait just a second.
So you want to fill its 22.7 on Zeta 4.
We got the radio highlights.
Oh, that's good.
Now, let's see, it's Monday.
It is a holiday.
830 this morning on WQBA.
Oh, it does.
It's not in here.
No macho, Kamacho.
Yeah, they didn't put that in here.
No drugs on WQBA this morning.
Bob Coons is on the Paul Lyle show.
Oh, gee.
Just what we needed on the holiday, okay?
Oh, God.
Give us a, can we get a holiday from him?
What is he ever going to get a real job?
Yeah, that is a good, that fact that's the trivia question of the day.
What is Bob Coons going to get a job?
I think that's a very, and what is he going to stop peddling bumper stickers
and exploiting people's misery?
That's a good question.
So that's a real, more like a bumper sticker on my cards is curable now.
Steve Kane show it to PMWIOD topic.
Debate on the middle effect.
Debate on the steep bean show.
That's incredible.
The mental effect of abortion on women.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
How about a debate on the mental effect of programs on abortion on the audience?
I mean, is this guy for real or what?
He's got like four topics.
He's got Michael DeSisto abortion, which he's obsessed with.
And are there two others?
I think they slipped my mind.
Well, I think he lets Bob Coons on there now and again.
Well, maybe Bob will stick around.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great idea.
20-07 on Zeta Ford.
Now, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest talk show host, six-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay.
I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Let's take some calls.
All in.
Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat in Chronicle.
Uh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion death paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said, now I'm my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay.
Well, I just spotted it.
Let's you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing.
Bedwater at a pansy.
Great call.
This is day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Where does he get off?
What a mong brain.
I want my bike.
30 miles every Saturday to do this show.
And this guy calls me named.
She's on you, sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new rampy?
No, what are you cackling about?
Hey.
This is my son.
A million producers in the world.
And they stick me in here with an A.
Shut this mic off.
It's in the castle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
You're supposed to be in such a nice boy.
I'm now your sub-town.
Yeah, but you can't shut it off.
You can't shut it off.
I need this.
I'm offered from other stations.
Patavia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead, I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dutabag.
Unbelievable.
Geneva, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No, I had to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's...
Let's not get into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
Do we be true and true?
Oh, shut up.
And you're pathetic.
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had you.
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
I see there was a time that I wouldn't play that a lot anymore because it was too long.
Not today.
Oh, that was good.
I like that a lot.
We might play that again before today.
Just in case your recorder is one-rolling.
Okay?
17-07 on Zeta 4, 6-0, 3600 in date.
And 7-7-9, 3600 in brow.
And this is kind of like a little holiday gift in the audience, digging out a lot of this old material.
And bringing it back.
Here's another amp, by the way.
And like we've told you, it's always a picnic when you work for Guy Gannon Broadcasting.
Every day is a picnic and that's why this place is loaded with ants, okay?
Right.
Even though your picnic may get rained out today, we always have a picnic here at Zeta.
It looks dank outside, doesn't it?
It looks dank and very grey and depressing and morbid and happy holidays to you.
See, I like it when it's like...
Why?
Because...
Why the hell don't you move to Ohio or somewhere if you like it like this or to Buffalo?
We don't have it that often like this, I don't think.
So count your lucky star.
Why would anybody want it like this on a holiday?
Oh well, the...
The house is a matter to you, but how about all these wonderful people out there?
Go to the movies.
Sorry.
What a spoils for you.
I know.
I know.
What's the term I'm looking for?
Somebody goes to the party and just ruins it for everybody.
Oh come on.
I don't want to ruin anything for anyone.
You know you want them to...
No, no, no.
No, no.
When it's like this, I enjoy it, but I don't...
You enjoy it?
I don't want it to be this way necessarily.
But when it does get like this, I enjoy it.
But no, I don't want to ruin anybody's anything.
It's sunny and hot, great.
You know that's fine too. Do you understand?
Okay, honor away to Canon Daegwa and wants to know what I want.
Well boy, anybody that's honor away to Canon Daegwa is in big trouble.
Why am I in big trouble?
Because it's probably still snowing there.
No, it's not. In fact, my mom said it's even hot.
It's in the 70s.
Yeah, it's probably nicer there right now than it is here.
I told her to sit down and shut up.
I'm going the end of the month.
So I think you're by then you'll be ready for another white hot fix.
You told your mother to sit down and shut up?
When she told me it was hot, it was like I said.
I'd degrees here.
I've got all my air conditioners running.
Yeah.
Sweating and she says, oh, look out really hot today.
It was in the low 70s.
Yeah. I got you.
So I think you're by the end of the month.
You'll be ready for another white hot.
Oh yeah, in fact, these are going so fast now that by the end of my picnic today,
they'll all be gone.
Oh, they're great.
I love them.
In fact, well, my brothers lived in the Buffalo Rochester area for about the last 20 or 25 years.
My mom moved up a few years ago.
And my sister, who has lived in South Florida for 30 some odd years, moved up last September.
They all lived in Canada, Gua, but my sister just bought 21 acres outside of Rochester.
Wow.
I can't wait.
That's great. Well, tell her to get a little plot there for me.
Yeah, right.
I mean, like one that you bury somebody and I mean one where you put a house on.
As the cost of property up there is like really low.
I know.
Yeah, I wonder why.
More than a depressed market.
And I'm really looking forward to going up there.
Okay. Well, listen, have a good time.
And if you can find a way to, I don't know how people do that.
Well, what you can do is get a cool like styrofoam cooler.
Yeah.
And what you do is freeze the hot dogs or whatever before you leave.
And put them in there with hot ice.
Yeah, or with hot ice.
Yeah, because it doesn't melt as fast as cold ice.
I got you.
Put it in with hot ice and then just put it in a box and seal it.
Great.
And bring it back as part of your luggage.
Okay, I'll be looking forward to it.
Well, I'll be right in here.
Well, no, this was quite as if I was about 18 years old and I went up there and visited.
And I loved to corn from up there and discovered something in the black dirt.
That's a food is so good.
So I bought a satelle back.
One side was all hot of white hearts and red hearts.
And the other side was corn.
And I let it.
Made it last.
Yeah, well, that's good.
Okay, we'll be looking forward to it.
Okay.
Have a good one.
You too, bye bye.
Bye bye.
13-07.
Now you got over that.
You got over that.
I'll leave her a lot.
She's not like that.
I'll get her back if you want.
I'll invite her to call back.
We'll do an hour on upstate in New York.
Okay, I can't help it if they're not all from Lakeland.
They can't all be e-haw red necks.
All right.
Guy who watched Termin and McBean last.
What is it?
Night.
Oh, geez.
I don't know if we can put this on the air.
Hello.
Yeah, I've been waiting this is last night to fire that.
Would you guys think about that,
or have an McBean and what they did?
What about them?
There are a couple of the couple of wackos.
Okay.
There are a couple of sickos.
And anybody would go to a leukemia foundation fundraiser
and moon the audience.
What are people with other little kids there?
And the bear some broads boobs there in front of the audience.
Really needs help.
Okay, desperate.
Desperate.
Well, sick of meal.
Yeah, right.
Sick is the word.
Okay.
Well, who cares?
You know about herm and McQueen,
you're like small potatoes.
Like most of the other people who work for that company over there.
And they're just desperate for attention.
Desperate.
Like they had to make a bombsled thing that we played a little bit of last week
and killed it in the middle because it was so boring.
Have you heard that?
I like that.
You played that?
We just shut his mic on.
Yeah, would you play it a little bit of it?
It's horrible.
We never really got to the point.
Everyone I know likes that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We never really got to the punchline.
I know.
Why don't we play the whole thing right now?
No, I mean, we got about halfway through.
First of all, you can't get to the punchline.
It's boring.
That's what I mean.
It's like we played about over half of it and it was like, okay.
Yeah, we're waiting for something funny.
It's not funny.
And it just, you know, there wasn't too much to it.
I don't know everyone.
I know.
Well, yeah, but you travel in very bizarre circles.
Everybody knows that.
It's, that's an understatement.
Okay, now this is no Jamaican vobsline, but they can't ever read this.
George Bruce, his time is fast.
That we won't stop the Duke of the Fuzz.
Oh, I have big eyebrows.
I'll take them to the White House.
Whoa, whoa, and I.
I'm gonna be the big guy.
Oh, yes, I'm boring and I'm serious.
But I am the Duke of Mass.
My future sucks.
Oh, baby.
I have absolutely no charisma.
But I look like Casey K. S.
And maybe people will vote for me by accident.
Now can I have a Greek salad with fennel cheese free?
Cause I'm gonna be the big guy.
Oh, yes, I'm maybe barely five foot nine.
But I'm the Duke of Mass.
Oh, my soul chooses to do.
Like you call this.
Duke of Mass.
Duke of Mass.
Like I said, it's no Jamaican vobsline, but you can't have everything.
And isn't it appropriate that as we work our way toward the end of this cut, the next one is the bed?
Yeah.
Perfect, right?
Incredible how that worked out.
Yeah, because it's newstime, right?
It's 10 to 7 and now we have the hair old so you can steal a bunch of stuff out of the paper.
Here we go.
We use this as the bed of songs.
Florida has its first lotto grand prize winner, but nobody has stepped forward to claim the $13 million jackpot yet.
Lado's spokesman Ed George said computer records show that a single ticket bearing the six winning numbers, which were
36, 12, 19, 13, 20, and 48.
It was purchased last week in the port Charlotte area of southwestern Florida, which beats the 13.9 million to one odds.
There were 11.3 million tickets sold over the past week.
Now some big things happened in sports yesterday.
Rick Mears overcame a record 14 caution periods to win the Indianapolis 500.
Every speed of 144 miles per hour, Miami beats South Carolina, 10 to 3 to win the NCAA Atlantic Regional and they will go to the college Royal Series now.
You know the other teams in there are faster.
Toast in state, James Madison.
Charlie Davidson.
Derek Harper scored 35 points to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 118104 victory over the LA Lakers, tying the NBA Western Conference finals at two games a piece.
That will be over this summer, right? They'll complete that.
Maybe. No, thanks.
Lou Panella fired last year as manager of the New York Yankees resigned as the club's general manager yesterday.
And Martina Navaritolova was upset by a Soviet teenager in the French Open tennis championship.
It will be mostly cloudy today.
50% chance of showers and thunderstorms mid-80s today, mid-70s tonight.
Well, we don't understand. We're trying to brainwash the audience.
We're trying to indoctrinate them with this so they all make sure to go out and vote for the Duke.
Exactly.
All right, 72 degrees this morning on Zeta 652.
Move over Donna Hude. Oprah, get out of the way.
Hit the road.
Hurrah, dog.
Tonight at 10 on 39 WDZL. Get ready.
The mighty mouth of TV talk shows is here. He's a father. He's a mother.
Oh, my.
He's Morton Downey Jr.
Listen, you Pavlam puking liberals. You'd like nothing better than to see the communist marching straight into Washington, DC.
And sending freedom, loving Americans, off to the goon lags inside Biria.
Yeah, that's what you'd like, wouldn't you? Well, it's not going to happen.
Not as long as Morton Downey Jr. is here.
Tonight at 10 on 39 WDZL. Get a liberal dose of conservative opinions from Morton Downey Jr.
TV's most outrageous talk show, The Morton Downey Jr. Show.
Each and every week night at 10 on 39 WDZL.
Don't try to disguise your voice. I know who you are.
Hi, I'm your right foot. You got me jammed up against the gas pedal now, which is fine.
If I knew where we're going somewhere good, like somewhere to eat, like Barbrekfast, huh?
Like Burger King. You know, I don't like to bring this up.
But I do a lot for you walking here, walking there. Hey, that's okay.
All right, but sometimes I have needs too.
For instance, I need one of those hot, Blakey Burger King Cressan,
which is, huh, stuffed with ham or bacon or sausage.
Who knows? Maybe even melted cheese. Is that too much to ask?
One Cressan, which for your right foot, you know, there's a drive through window at Burger King.
Makes things very fast. So let's make a deal.
You stop there this morning and I won't complain about your sock collection.
We still look like you. Do it at Burger King.
By a sandwich and a drink and get a Pepsi 6 pack to go for just $1.29
and participating in Broward County Burger King restaurants, Pepsi 6 pack $1.29, Broward Only.
One for customer, offer for a limited time. So hurry. Remember Broward Only.
Love me Tinder. Love me True.
Hello, baby. I bet you thought this was...
Yolvas. We'll be wrong. Because...
A Crapco is back.
With the Crapco School of Famous Impresions from Crapco.
Yes, here in Crapco, we've always believed that the key to success is being someone else.
Want to be a famous TV newscaster? Classes are in session right now. Look here.
Believe me. This is Walter Cronkite's CBS News.
Believe me. This is Walter Cronkite's CBS News.
Very good. Very good.
No, no, stop. No, no, stop. Wait.
Or how about our obnoxious comedians class?
Hi. How... Howdy. I don't know.
Hi. Howdy. I won't. But maybe Mr. T. Wood.
Peter DeFou don't enrol today. Get one for your dog too.
Sherlock Hurray. Yes. It's Crapco School of Famous Impresions.
And remember at Crapco, we always say...
If you buy this, you buy anything. And that's selling it like it is.
What sure is something bringing out these old mothball ridden things, isn't it?
It's something. I don't know what.
Federal Opera him it says from saying what?
655 on Zeta 4. It's a marvelous Monday.
Look at that. It's starting to get just a little bit less than.
It's pretty overcast. Just a little tiny teeny bit.
But speaking of Federal law, I wonder if we could get that story from Big Dave now.
Oh, you want to tell us about the figure row?
All right. In Hawaii? Come on.
All right. I will.
I was just laying out by the pool, catching some Hawaiian rays.
And this older guy comes up and sits next to me.
Oh boy.
I just thought he was a nice guy and you know, he's lonely or something.
So he starts talking to me and of course I talk back.
And his hands start going over towards my chair.
And you haven't heard this. No.
I mean, I kind of move away.
It's kind of an awkward situation to be in.
I don't know if anybody's ever been in it, but.
But anyway, anyway, instead of this guy didn't ask me to go to the roof for anything.
This guy, he asked me if I wanted to go to Europe with him.
Oh my gosh.
Prove Europe at all.
Now, are you making this up?
I just swear to God.
It's swear to God.
So when you leave him?
Tomorrow.
You just follow him where every ghost comes back with the story, is that it?
My name is Piccolo and I like you to know.
Everywhere I go, I hear nearer I just go.
Young men are nice to me.
They bear their chest to me.
There's just one problem.
They don't show the rest to me.
I am very happy living in this country.
And to the cause of the nearer I just go.
It's the nearer I just go.
Oh, the nearer I just go.
I don't want you, anybody, get the wrong idea because he does okay for himself.
But if he can get as many women chasing after him as he has guys, he'd be real busy.
6.58 on Zeta 4.
Let's take a look at that scoreboard again because I know you're waiting with baited breath.
I see you've got your seepa call out already.
In the NBA playoffs, man, the Lakers looking desperate.
They have, they looked so bad that even I could have played better, okay?
The Dallas Mavericks, 118, the Lakers, 104 to tie the series into two.
And the Celix will lose to the pistons in Detroit again this afternoon at 330.
And the Dallas and L.A. tomorrow for game five.
Is that correct?
No, the pistons are from Detroit.
In the Major League yesterday in the American League Milwaukee 7, Cleveland 2, Toronto 4,
Chicago 3, Minnesota 6 to Tigers 3, Tigers from Detroit.
Where else be Texas 12 to 1, Baltimore 3, the Angels 2, the Athletics beat the Red Sox 5 to 4,
and the damn Yankees, they play those tough teams like Toaston State, Yankee 7, Seattle 3.
Now, should league the Dodgers beat the X-Boats 2 to 1, the Padres beat the Met 6 to 3,
Phillies over to Giants 4 to 2, Cardinals 3 to Braves 1, Astros beat the Cubs 7 to 1,
and the Pirates were now only 3 and a half out beat the Reds 4 to 2.
And that's it, K-659 on Zeta 4th.
I kneel.
Yes, I hope you beat me in the ring.
You better than I am.
Even the competition agrees, the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beaches
is the best morning show in South Florida.
I think I don't get to 9, you're on an AM station as a hero in my book.
You're like 6 hours to quiet, you got no problem with me.
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on Zeta 4.
I hope you beat me in the ring, you better than I am.
Well, so is everybody else.
Seven o'clock on Zeta 4 and the question continues to be,
are they ever going to tell anyone where Joey went or what happened?
Are they just going to keep...
Well, Stonewall and you.
That's a good time to say again, we would love to have him come on the show
when he gets all his business done with them and he's all done.
The invitation stands, Joey, you're welcome on the show any time.
Please.
Yes, lovely.
Please come in, let's hear the straight poop from what went on over there, okay?
I want to hear about the day that Tannaglia was chasing the plumber around
or the clean up guy around with a ball-peen hammer.
It is one happy family, isn't it?
Yeah, they must really love each other over there.
Almost as much as we all love each other here at Zeta.
Uh-huh, Tannaglia went in and fired the program director's wife who was doing midday.
Yeah, I always get so a lot of points with the PD.
They always find it.
It's just like a love fest over there at Sheet.
And we have some really innovative bumper stickers about Sheet
that we're going to be passing out of next appearance.
Okay, we got somebody on hold here while he's doing the payroll.
Are you just listening on hold, sir?
Yes, I am.
Great show.
Thank you.
In other words, you just called to be put on hold now.
You don't have a radio?
Well, I have one in the truck that I listen to all the time,
but I'm in an office in Jupiter here.
I just don't have the reception that I need to get you guys.
But I didn't want to miss any of it.
Wait a minute, you're on Jupiter?
Huh?
You're on Jupiter or Uranus?
Well, I'm in Jupiter, buddy.
Okay, listen, hold on.
I will keep you on.
Oh, well, you're in Jupiter.
No wonder you can't hear it on it right now, right?
Okay, hold on.
All right, you're paying for this, right?
Absolutely.
Okay, hold on.
We like that.
He's still in the whole show.
And psychologically, that's good, too, because he keeps that one line lit.
Although I will say this.
I don't understand, but every line is lit here, and that's frightening.
Okay, on a holiday?
I know, you're kidding.
Yeah, is it really?
I'm dead cereal.
Hmm.
Okay, let's go to North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
All right.
You know what?
I've actually been reduced to watching basketball, because it's the only thing Detroit teams
to be able to win.
Yeah.
And they're very shaky too, by the way.
Yeah, the Tigers are not doing that bad, though.
Tigers are, let me take a look here.
Okay, Tigers are only four games out.
Not too bad.
They're nine games over 500.
They're not doing too bad.
Yeah, because I'm from Detroit.
And you're like the only person in the entire state of Florida who's still a Detroit fan.
I can't believe it.
Who said I'm a Detroit fan?
When did you ever hear that?
I don't know.
You just talked about him.
Well, because I like the pistons because they're playing the Celtics.
I like anybody when they're playing the Celtics.
I love the piston.
That's right.
I hope they beat the crap out of him.
I hope two more minutes on over with.
Now, now, thanks, sir.
Now, where did the Detroit Tigers spring train?
Oh, gee.
Here we go again.
Arizona.
No.
Don't be wish.
What are you talking?
Arizona.
Even more than the Anderthal than Arizona.
Okay.
In Lakeland, Florida.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
But I have good news for you.
I have good news for you.
Black city.
Huh?
Is it Detroit, a mainly a black city?
What's that got to do with it?
Have they training in a red neck town?
Hey, let me ask you.
Have you ever heard of Taylor Michigan?
Um, I don't know.
Well, trust me.
That's one of the Detroit suburbs.
And I got news for you.
There are more red necks in Taylor than you'll find in Perine, Homestead, and Cutler Ridge put together.
That's right.
Trust me.
And they got a stake in Lakeland.
So there is something to be said for that.
Yeah.
So come on.
So don't cut your red necks before they hatch.
Get with it, all right?
Don't cut your red necks before those pickled eggs hatch at 7-11.
You know that one guy who won their lottery?
Yeah.
What a douchebag, huh?
I'm getting that claim $12 million.
He'll claim it real quietly.
I'll come in in the middle of the night and say, you know, with a gun and say, give me my money.
And Martinez will hand it over to him.
It'll be all over.
See, in Florida, you've got to collect your money in the middle of the night because the governor is a vampire.
And he is not, when the son is out, Martinez is in his crypt, okay?
How did he manage to get into office?
Not because there were a lot of morons in his state.
They heard Martinez, Martinez, and they said, okay, it's okay with me.
Yeah, exactly.
Now all of a sudden they all want him out because he's a disaster.
He's a moron.
Yeah.
And that's the best thing we can say about him.
We should send him to Arizona's governor.
Exactly.
I like that.
Yeah, he and Meekam could do.
They make a good team out there, okay?
Okay, listen, have a wonderful life.
And the call, oh, Eric, let's see.
You're not the guy I hold.
Who are you anyway?
I'm some high school student.
I forgot that I didn't have school today.
And I set my alarm to get up at 5.30 in the morning.
Oh, in other words, you're like a dummy, right?
Yeah.
Okay, now what school do you go to?
Creek.
Creek.
Creek high school.
Coconut Creek high?
Yeah.
Coconut Creek like is in wind more?
Yeah.
Yeah, a bunch of young whippest snappers up there?
Okay.
Good luck to you, sir.
You'll need this.
Oh, I know.
Okay, I'll see you at the early bird.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Okay, there he goes.
Can you imagine growing up in coconut creek?
I wonder if he's got a one-de-mug.
Well, at least he's close to where he can buy those
WNWS tickets.
True.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
If you go over to one more village, you can buy your tickets
or are also sensory village for the WS News reunion.
When the hell is that going to be?
I don't know, but don't they give you some fiber one when you buy your tickets?
And they give you fiber one.
Seriously, that'll be a five-per-one on the year.
And if you've seen the book and your demographics believe me.
Next thing they'll be giving away polo dents.
A glass for every listener.
A wonder denser holder.
705 on Zeta 4.
Oh, gee, it's time to do something here.
We'll come back and continue.
Don't you like all these requests?
One day I said they could do requests.
We are getting in.
Well, are you surprised?
I enjoy, yeah.
That's what I think.
Awesome guy did call.
He wanted to know if, um,
what was the name of it now?
On the part of the Raiders,
it was some real weird title.
Well, how about...
Doggins, suds or something?
Doggins suds, yeah.
We recorded in Laeclin.
Ups and downs.
No.
Great airplane strike.
Legend of Paul Revere, good thing.
Hungry kicks melody for an unknown girl just like me stepping out,
Louis Gohomen, Louis Louis.
No, that's not it.
Well, it's not on there. Sorry, pal.
Anyway, if you're a driver with multiple traffic violations
or if you drive a high-performance car that's hard to ensure,
you know how much of a pain in the butt and how unbelievably expensive it is
to get car insurance.
It's frightening.
It could put you right out of business, okay?
Well, what you need to do is call AOK Auto Insurance.
AOK Auto Insurance agencies are located all over Broward County
and they specialize in hard to ensure drivers.
Now, with AOK, you might even qualify for a plan they have under which
your first five tickets won't be assessed against your insurance premiums.
But you have to call them to find out if you qualify.
Just check with information and get the number of AOK Auto Insurance Office nearest you.
So, if you'd like to drive hard and fast and you've got a few tickets,
AOK Insurance agencies can get you the insurance you need
and most likely save you with ton of money in the process.
So, go ahead, drive that Trans Am.
Z28, Supra, Jeep or other four-wheel-driver high-performance vehicle.
Have a great time. That's Ferrari.
That's Porsche, whatever the hell it is.
And get your insurance from AOK Auto Insurance.
Remember, just call information to find the AOK Insurance Office nearest you
and it comes to saving you money on your car insurance.
They're AOK.
OK?
OK?
OK.
Mostly cloudy today with scattered showers and thunderstorms, 50% chance.
And high will be mid-80s, tonight mid-70s, 72 on Zeta 4 at 707.
It was 13 years ago today.
When Zeta 4 began this way, what the...
Who's counting?
OK, OK. Maybe it wasn't 13 years ago today.
But the legend lives on.
I'm Captain Dave Capri to hear to tell you about Zeta 4's 13th anniversary party.
At the Keegan Can Inn, this coming Wednesday night.
I'll be there from 8 to 11 pm with a huge chunk of a Zeta stash to give away.
Like plenty of Zeta 4 T-shirts, those incredibly gorgeous and sexually stimulating Zeta plates,
keychains, can coolers, and tickets to see Rod Stewart,
Hollinoten Chicago in concerted Joe Robbie Stadium on July 3rd.
Plus, your chance at round trip airfare for two to anywhere Mexican airways flies.
There's no purchase necessary, but you must be 21 to enter.
I'll see you this Wednesday for the Zeta 4 13th anniversary party at the Keegan Can Inn,
with live rock and roll from Auto Drive.
The Keegan Can located in the Club Plaza shopping center on the corner of Northwest 67th Avenue
and Miami Gardens Drive.
That's just about a mile north of the Palmeadow, from 13 years of South Florida's Classic Drive.
Zeta 4.
OK, thank you so much, Captain Monge.
It's eight minutes after 7 on Zeta 4.
And...
Well, what's wrong? We had a little feedback there.
All right.
Don't you?
Well, every now and then it keeps these people under toes.
And what was I just going to do? This is perfect speaking event.
You know, it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today.
It takes doctors, glow, and lawyers,
Hi there.
Accountants, and librarians.
But it also takes much more than that.
It also takes America's morons.
Use your signal, you idiot!
Good morning!
You know us?
Why we're all around you.
We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket.
Wait, let me get my other car to go over here.
We're sitting behind you in the movie theater, wrapping our Christmas gifts.
You're the food, you're the food, and we're holding up your bank line.
While we try to cash a check from the Bank of Venus.
Hey, pal, could you hurry it up?
Why, how are you?
We're the association of ignorant Americans.
And we're always looking for new members.
So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter.
Then have a friend dial the phone for you and give us a call.
Just dial area code 632-626-6766 or...
Mia Mimoron.
Hi, I'm Mimoron.
You look like in the morning.
Oh, was you sleeping?
America's morons.
We're taking years off your life.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
In the morning.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
When the smile is in.
Drinking my coffee, bunching down my donut.
Whips in the floor of the dark.
Get ready to go to school with Neil.
Whips in the floor of the dial.
Trying to do work in my world with a daily meal.
Whips in the table for on my dial.
Oh, really?
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Whips in the floor of the dial.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Anyway, it's a 10 past seven.
On Zeta 4.
And isn't it great to be here on this holiday?
Doesn't it look like it's breaking up just a little?
I think you're wishing.
Huh?
Thank you're wishing.
Doesn't it look like a great day for a barbecue?
Yeah, underneath the...
It's Memorial Day.
Don't you understand?
On this day, it's supposed to be perfect for...
It's not as supposed to shine.
It's in blue skies.
Now, do I have to take responsibility for this?
Yeah.
Oh.
Because I do the weather.
Do you do the weather?
We've got a list of what it looks like in other parts of the country coming up in a little bit.
I'm actually, we don't have any traffic today.
There is a...
Owl's not working today.
No, the weather's rough and...
There's no traffic.
Yeah.
One day, enjoy it.
You know, check it.
Nope.
He's not working today.
All I hear is just...
Yeah.
Maybe we could put that on here for a few minutes, okay?
Okay, we have a Zeta spy in Dade County.
Hello.
How are you?
First of all, you were talking about she for a little while before.
We expect from a radio station based out of a trailer.
Are they really?
Together.
Oh, you didn't know that?
They're in a trailer in Davy.
It's a fixed up trailer.
In a trailer.
Well, that sounds pretty...
That sounds like it ought to be in...
Oh, could Shelby or somewhere?
Or Kasimmi or Lakeland?
Or Milton?
But they're in Davy.
What do we see?
Davy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, on to Zeta, on to your Zeta spy report.
I went...
I had radio accident this weekend,
and GTR came on my car radio.
And they premiered their new Rambo,
where are you going with that gun in your hand?
Is it as good as the Jamaican Bob's Lead Team?
The Jamaican Bob's Lead Song, compared to it, is funny.
Oh, boy.
That says it all, I think.
It's that bad.
You think they'll send us a coffee?
It's a fake deal.
I think you would off the air,
and then you throw it away,
because it's not worth your time.
You'll probably call GTR and ask for money.
It takes the time to judge the listen.
They're actually going to put this thing out on a 45.
So, yeah, they're playing this like in their normal rotation.
You heard it like that.
Oh, yeah, they're playing both of them in their normal rotation.
Oh, my God.
They're little things in a GTR exclusive.
You won't hear this on any other radio station,
and they play both of them.
It's a regular rotation.
It was on this morning, as a matter of fact.
My sister's got her radio on there.
What a surprise.
Is there nothing you can do about your sister?
Oh, I've tried.
She's into indicators and monkeys, I guess.
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
You want to request.
I've got one for you.
Vanna picked me a letter.
Vanna picked my nose.
Oh, that's by Mike Rinerri, isn't it?
I think so.
Vanna picked my nose.
He sings it every morning on that show, doesn't he?
Right out.
I've got one that really is going to reach out.
Two of those.
You're right, D.
You're legal ID.
What do you mean by that?
Um, the BCC legal ID.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'll do that out for you.
I'll do that for a little while.
That would be good right on the heel of that one about Morons.
That would be perfect.
Okay, listen, have a great life.
You too.
See you later.
Bye.
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Got to get on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, Vanna picked me a letter.
Thanks, Rob.
What do you mean, bank?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at that stage, I can't get again.
Won't throw in the towers.
Still like by your powers.
Oh, Vanna picked me a letter.
Hey, man, what do you mean there's no F and F?
Vanna picked me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream of both you.
Hey, Vanna, is that an all over town or what?
Vanna, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
Not for me to say.
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Got to be on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, Vanna picked me a letter.
Go, Vanna, go, baby, go, alright.
Hey, get out of my face, bank.
Is that a two-way?
Hey, is there an L in that word?
Is the low rider?
Alright, low rider!
Forget the letter, man, I'll take Vanna away.
You beautiful baby.
You and me could play the home game.
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Alright!
I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Vanna, pick me a letter.
Lose a turn.
Hey, pack, lose this.
Vanna picked me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Alright, that isn't all over, Dan.
Vanna, I don't mean to stare.
But are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Anyway!
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at that sage, Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel till I buy your bowels.
Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter.
Please, Vanna, pick me a letter.
Alright, I'm ready to pick, baby.
ABCD, FG, HGJ, GAL, NLP, GWH, WS, YZ.
That's your cover, man.
Alright, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator.
Hey, man, what do you mean?
$500 for a black and white five in portable TV set.
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and I forget it for your whole sales.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
Alright?
Hey, Vanna, come on, baby.
Now, huh?
Every time of my life, I'm in a field.
I hate that song.
Harry Callahan is back.
And this time, he's blowing away the cat skills.
You know, baby, in all this excitement, I've forgotten you.
If this routine has six steps or only five, but seen as how dance is the most powerful
form of personal expression in the whole world, and can blow your feet clean off, you got
to ask yourself one question.
Ooh, what's that, Harry?
Do you want to rangay?
Well, do you?
Punk.
It's Clint Eastwood and Jennifer Gray in dirty, hairy dancing.
Go ahead, make my shit tape.
What, we're getting these on so fast.
We are getting the request on faster than the people can call to ask for them, which is incredible.
717 on Zeta 4 and our next call is from Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
Okay.
How are you up so early on this God-for-sacin' day?
It was the other guy set my alarm clock.
Oh, okay.
Good.
You're a bit behind.
What do you mean?
Well, you coming on the, I hear you on the phone and then the radio is a couple seconds faster.
Yeah, well the radio is a little slow, you know?
Radio is taking a Ciesta.
No one afforded a half-second delay.
I want to know another thing.
Yeah.
Why don't you just take the show and go on vacation?
What do you mean?
I mean, this is a vacation day, right?
Mm-hmm.
This is a holiday.
Yeah.
Why are you here?
That's a good question because I'm a fool, I guess.
I don't know.
I just, they said I could have this day off and we would all have the day off, I guess.
But I just, I don't like doing that.
I like saving up my days for what I really want them.
Plus, it's a putrid day anyway, so who would want to be off today?
I'd rather be off on a nice sunny day when I can go into pool and lounge around a relax.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm gonna Hawaii.
What do you mean?
I've already been there.
Okay.
Find somewhere else to go then.
You're anxious to get rid of me, huh?
No.
You just want me to go have a good time?
Yeah.
Okay, well I work on it.
In about five to ten minutes I'll figure out someplace good, okay?
You know what I hate?
What's that?
Hey, these stupid people on the airport.
Because, you know, I'm from Canada.
Every summer.
For the full of me.
And winter, I go up to visit my dad.
Mm-hmm.
One of the times in the winter I was in the airport, you know, half asleep because it takes six hours
because they had the Toronto runways where I'll shut off except for one.
Mm-hmm.
Supposedly repairing them, why in the middle of winter I don't know why.
But, um, so we're waiting here and one of the other kids about my age who was waiting in line comes up and asks me
whether we live in igloo or not.
Yeah.
Going to Toronto.
Yeah.
I was sitting here asking myself, is this guy for real?
By the way, before you go I have a question for you, okay?
Yeah.
You guys in Toronto living igloo's?
No, I got a request for you though.
Okay, what is it?
Um, Mr. Postman.
Okay.
All right, thanks.
Have a good one.
Bye-bye.
It's 719 on Zeta 4 men.
And now the problem is we're getting so many requests.
Look at this, I've got these piled up to the sky.
That's okay because it'll kill a lot of time, right?
That's right.
And everybody's calling and saying, how come you're working?
It's a holiday.
Why don't you just go relax?
Go to Hawaii?
And now we have the usual bunch calling and saying, go to hell.
That stuff too, you know.
Now you just played something I hadn't heard a long time, Vanna.
Yeah.
Don't pick me a letter.
Or pick my nose.
When we have a story about Vanna today.
You don't fake.
It's how this all works out, even on a holiday.
An unreleased movie, which features racy scenes of Vanna White
exploding around.
And movie is called Gypsy Angels and it was filmed six years ago.
And it shows Vanna in a G-string.
Yeah.
Jack Bricknell, who was a, who was a Pizza Hut franchise dealer of all people
was trying to get that film released.
I don't understand that person.
I'm sure it all fits together somehow.
That Vanna.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting you would play that under a story about Vanna White.
Well, I think there's some connection there to be honest with you.
It's 20 past seven on Zeta 4 and this is Memorial Day All Request Party block.
No repeat.
No repeat.
Something.
Something party day and we'll continue right after this.
Well, this is really exciting.
724 on Zeta 4, we have a big day.
We have Captain Dave and we have Dave Lamont.
Yeah, there's too many Dave's.
From the AM sports room.
This morning filling in filling those big shoes of Ron Harrison comes up just like Harrison.
And if you could see what was in those shoes, you would lose your breakfast.
Okay, it's just disgusting.
What's in those shoes?
Some, some about the sports guys on AM.
They're always looking for an audience.
Have you noticed?
They always come up here because they know that this is where the audience.
They saw the book.
Yeah.
So who did the, who's doing the morning show over there?
Big, whatever your name is.
I don't know what to call him.
He's going to have some.
We got big Captain.
Mr. Sports.
A matter of me.
Mr. Sports is fine.
I was here.
He doesn't take a day.
Okay, so who's doing a morning show there?
I'm sure Mike and Arlene are taking the day off, right?
No, they're in there.
They're in there.
Wow.
So if there are those of you out there who really want to be titillated.
And are into gigantic butts.
Turn on the AM.
Turn on wins, man.
For a couple of months.
And you'll come racing back over here.
You'll be begging us to let you back in on the show.
Right?
Sort of like guys who do sports today.
In the show.
So we've even got somebody listening in Jupiter right on hold.
Are you still there?
Oh, Neil, it's not Jupiter, Neil.
Neil, I wouldn't live out in the mother planet.
I live out in Boynton Beach.
Oh, that's Jupiter.
And just to tell you that there are people out here that listen to Neil, the captain, and of course, the bird.
The captain and the Neil, yeah.
So anyway, no, are you, but you're on hold, right?
We're on hold.
Okay, hold on.
Okay.
I just want to check every now and then to make sure you're still, you know, you're not fun enough, so, okay?
I'm fun on you.
Okay.
I have a request.
It's all I want to say.
Okay.
What is it?
The request is, of course, roster Jew and be true to your show.
Okay.
They're coming up.
All right.
Okay.
And a good y'all to see you too.
Thank you very much.
Good y'all to see you.
Hold on.
Happy Shivuas, by the way.
Well, better late than ever, right?
That's true.
Hold on.
Okay.
See, we even have people just listening on hold.
Is that incredible or what?
Which means they're probably too cheap to go out and buy a good radio.
26th April.
He's only in Boynton Beach.
It's not like he's on Neptune or Uranus or something, right?
26th after 7 on Zeta 4.
You've been very quiet over there this morning and then you're going to accuse me after the
show that it was Boynt coming in here and I didn't let you say anything.
No, I'm having a great time.
Good.
That's good.
Just shut up.
Where we going next?
Well, see how to...
Now, what is this new thing he brought in here?
Essential news?
I don't know.
He handed it to me.
Should I just try it cold?
Why should this be?
Any different.
Or, pregame news first.
Wait, seconds.
They can't always on essential news.
On WTIF.
New Orleans, low-wee's Vienna.
What, what was that?
Put that away.
What was it?
Put it backwards in a rack or something.
What the hell was that?
Essential news.
Isn't that what we do on this show?
I don't understand what that was supposed to be.
No.
I don't know either.
Oh, good.
Okay, well, here's what it is now.
It's called a dead cart with a label off.
Yeah, mark that label.
I swear that was almost as good as the Jamaican Bob Slade routine.
I didn't mean to offend you with it or anything.
Or mind me.
No, but I mean, I loved it when people bring stuff in there.
It was just something like the W-A-G-C.
And for MoTec, he used to do that to me on AM.
He would bring some wild cart in and I would put it in there
and just everybody would look at each other.
Like, what is this mean?
Speaking of MoTec, do you still...
Did you save that thing?
I threw it away.
You threw it away.
I can get it for you.
Yeah, dig that out.
That's kind of cute.
You didn't see it.
What?
Where is it?
Where is the picture of him?
Frank MoTec, Gorbitec?
No.
Do you want to keep this?
No, I sure don't.
I'll need a prop again on the room.
I'm not going to a room, all right?
All right, so you want it.
Oh, thanks.
27 after 7.
I'll look at that.
What is the name?
My name is Frank Gorbitec.
Gorbitec, yeah.
And look at his face.
He's got that fruitful discoloration here in his form.
He's up all over the station.
They are?
Well, that Frank, I'm telling you.
Well, see, he doesn't really have anything to do anymore, so he just wants to run.
He makes little funnies, okay?
Very little.
Yeah, well, it's our writing material for Arlene and Mike in there pretty soon.
God only knows if anybody needs it.
28 past 7 on Zeta 4, and let's take a call from...
I got such a mountain of stuff here.
I don't know what to do.
Miami, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Johnny Depp, I'll stay.
Okay.
How's he's getting married, right?
Oh, it's Star Magazine.
I'm reading it right now.
Yeah.
His female fans agree that the macho looks suits 21 Jump Street.
Honky.
Johnny Depp.
Honky or honky?
Honky.
Honky.
Who a T.
Yeah.
And also, Van a White here.
They were filming, and she got her hearing caught.
And some of the guys La Palo on his jacket.
No, I think you got the stories mixed up.
I think Johnny Depp got his hearing caught in some guys La Pal, okay?
Oh, that was Van a White.
Okay.
Yeah, they were filming just team Deans from St. Barbara.
Whatever you say, yeah.
So, what do you think?
How much do you think Johnny Depp's hearing weighs about 2.5 pounds?
I think what this picture here looks like he had a couple pounds of beans.
Let's put that way.
Really?
Yeah, distorted kind of like, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, I got it.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great life.
Well, how is he talking about it?
Well, he was asleep, you know.
29 after 7 on say to 4, and don't start knocking Johnny Depp on this show
because he's our buddy and he's a great American, and where's that card?
You know the one I mean?
Sure.
I don't think it's here anymore.
I think it kind of disappeared.
I like there's a lot of noise on the hall.
Do you like that?
You hear it?
I have no idea what it is because there's not supposed to be anybody here today.
There isn't anybody here today.
But it's nice to know that even with nobody here.
You know, there is something to be said for consistency.
I want to happen to Johnny Depp that he like disappear into thin air.
Well, this system of yours, you know, I can't.
What?
Well, you know, I said...
I don't start talking about what you guys did.
That was ridiculous.
Well, I, you know, I called some grief for that.
Oh, here it is right here.
It's right in front of me.
That's why I was difficult to find.
See, I kind of like look under the nooks and crannies.
And I make things a lot more difficult than they really are.
Okay, you ready?
Yeah.
Anytime.
Okay, this is Johnny Depp.
You're listening to my recently purchased radio stations, eight of four.
You guys are all fired.
You're all fired.
Thanks a lot, Johnny, for a good American.
Now, they cleaned them up last night.
He was so clean cut and his hair was like...
I don't know how to describe it like...
Why I like it?
Barbs and shoe polish from the president.
And it was like waxed.
Mm-hmm.
He looked like he had waxed he'd build up or something.
Like he was going to take a blue cap and stick it over his head.
Well, did you see it?
I had tried a couple of eggs in there.
Did you see it long enough to see what he was doing in the story last night?
He was doing what he always is doing.
Really?
He was marking in the story.
Like he always does.
He's always the good guy.
I see.
And he was marking and they were trying to do all this nasty stuff.
And Johnny said, no, no, no.
We've got to be on a colonial show.
We've got to be nice.
731 on sale to four.
We're taking call from plantation.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I wanted to call you to let you know what type of town Lakeland is.
Okay.
I had the opportunity to go there about two months ago.
And I've never been there.
Have you ever been there?
Yeah, I've been there.
Okay.
Well, we're coming out of highway.
And we see this baseball stadium.
It's like a school.
And we're going to get closer to the school.
And we're looking at this.
Lakeland high, home of the Drednaught.
Oh, yeah, the Drednaught, so.
I looked to my friend.
What the heck is a Drednaught?
And we couldn't figure it out.
You know, we're from up north.
We're like a Drednaught.
I never heard of a Drednaught.
What's that got to do with up north?
How the name was up for high school, Drednaught?
Do you know what a Drednaught is?
I've a way to found out what it is.
It's a ship.
It's like a World War II.
Yeah, it's like a sunken battleship.
We're a battleship.
Yeah, it's like a battleship.
We get to the hotel.
And we're in Lakeland.
We're going to the show.
We're trying to ask people.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
We're going to the show.
Whatever now, I mean, you're
you're you're you're you're you're
you're you're you're you're you're
you're you're you're you're you're
you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you
You're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you'd say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you say whatever you way your you you
your a flower to you your avatar.
off all right, before ending that read when that reader was storing the office was storing the office with
We just don't want too much chaos in here.
I'll leave you all the way to your autograph.
Yeah, and he'll bring the shirt in here.
We'll all autograph it and then give it back to you.
Oh, but see, I thought we were going to do it
while she was wearing it.
Oh, I know.
No, she's not going to do that.
No, I'm just going to give you the shirt
and like a pen.
What a pervert, that is what.
That will really make me happy.
Don't come anywhere near this bird, okay?
Trust me.
Okay, so can we do that this morning?
Sure.
Okay, great.
We'll be buying a little while.
I want a silver airborne truck.
Okay, and just buzz out at the gate.
There's a buzzer out there and just tell them
that you're here for the nightmarish show.
And something will happen, okay?
Okay, thanks.
I really appreciate it.
Okay, we'll see you.
Okay, bye.
Okay, it's 13 till 8.
So you're not really nice in accommodating on this show.
I better go over there in the morning.
Yeah, you better.
There's a couple of weirdos coming over here.
What?
What do you better go over there?
Can't you just pick up the intercom and call them?
Oh, what's the number?
Yeah, see, here's the size.
It's got more.
Well, I got a check on the user.
Yeah, right.
And we do have a break coming up in a couple of minutes
and then when we go to it, you won't be in there, right?
No, we're waiting.
Oh, that's not the way I heard it.
What's amazing?
No, no, that's not right.
Yeah.
Come on, Neil.
You know, that's not right.
Yeah.
No, no.
That's right, Neil.
What?
Great idea.
Well, you got me there.
Wait, let's start over.
It's true.
Holy cow.
No way.
Well, I can't say absolutely not.
Yeah.
I don't think it's legal in the state of Florida, though.
Yeah.
They ought to do something about that.
There you go.
Oh, yeah.
Once again, you're right, Neil.
I'd have to agree.
Yeah.
These aren't killing up as fast today as they did that.
She must be on slow cookers.
I think it's as the ones are on.
But why change anything now?
Well, that's not the way I heard it.
I have nothing to say.
You're kidding.
No.
No, that's not right.
Yeah, right.
You got it, baby.
Come on, Neil.
You know, that's not right.
What?
Amazing.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
That's right, Neil.
Wait, let's start over.
No, no.
Well, you got me there.
No way.
Great idea.
Oh, my God.
I don't think it's legal in the state of Florida.
It's true.
Holy cow.
They ought to do something about that.
Well, I can't say absolutely not.
Once again, you're right, Neil.
Yeah.
I'd have to agree.
There you go.
Oh, yeah.
But why change anything now?
Well, that's not the way I heard it.
You're kidding.
Yeah.
No.
No, that's not right.
Come on, you know, that's not right.
Okay, well, no, no, no.
That was okay.
But it just, it didn't have the same, uh,
it got to toward the end.
It was a little bit.
Yeah, they were picking up just a little bit.
They?
The reality is, um, yeah.
So anyway, it's 10 till eight.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, good.
Every way we were talking, uh, the other day about best, myer,
oh, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Stop.
Oh, yeah, best.
How did a great weekend?
Am I doing this before the break?
Yeah, worked out better last time.
Remember that?
What?
Yes.
Okay, did this before the break?
Okay.
Then we'll talk about best.
What a zany morning.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
Right now, let's talk about the Tastreet Rotisserie,
but I have the wrong piece of copy, and that looks like
tropical and cold.
So, a lot of fantastic gourmet takeout lunch.
Head over to Tropical.
And there's this horse in the fifth race.
No, seriously, uh, I want to tell you about Joe and our good
friends over at Tastreet Rotisserie because they do this
incredible job of putting together that great gourmet takeout that's
keeps you out of the kitchen and keeps you out of those,
some of those restaurants where they do disgusting things in the food
and the soup, you know what I'm talking about.
And it is just incredible.
You've heard us pick out.
Now, the other day Joe brought by that rice pudding that was
just loaded with cinnamon and raisins and everything from their
pastas, their hot pastas and pasta salads, and their spit
roasted chicken and turkey and all those other good items like
that in their desserts are so good that they're almost orgasmic
okay.
And of course federal law prohibits us from expanding on that.
But it is really fantastic and you're going to want to get over
there real soon or pick up the phone and call them at 437-95-11.
And Joe will send you a list, a whole menu of the great gourmet
takeout items that they have waiting for you at Tastreet Rotisserie.
They're right on the corner of Tapt and Douglas in Pemberg Pines
and their open weekdays from 11 in the morning to 8 p.m.
and weekends until seven o'clock at night.
So, if you want to save a lot of time and grief in the kitchen,
let the folks do the cooking at Tastreet Rotisserie.
And they also do great catering if you got any kind of special event
coming up.
8967 Tastreet in Pemberg Pines and that number again is 437-95-11.
A lawyer said Sunday that she remembers overhearing former
Miss America besters and tell the judge who presided over her
boyfriends divorce case that a job could be arranged for the judge's daughter.
Ah!
Yeah, the testimony the lawyer Doris Swanner of White Plains
could be important to prosecutors in the case against
Myerson, a former City Cultural Affairs Commissioner who was arrested
Friday in Pennsylvania on shoplifting charges.
Now, best is 63 years old now and she's charged with giving former Manhattan State Supreme Court
justice for Tint's Gables daughter, a 19 thousand dollar a year job in 83
in exchange for the judge's agreement to reduce alimony payments.
By Myerson's sweetheart, who was a former City contractor,
Carl Andy Capasso, who is now in jail on tax evasion charges.
Boy, what a family.
Did you offer to join a meet coach?
What a family.
There's another happy family, Soul Singer James Brown,
because he loves his wife, but it's time to end his third marriage.
The herald journal in Spartanburg, South Carolina,
quotes Brown, is saying he wants to be alone.
Brown was arrested in April after allegedly beating his wife,
Adrienne, with a pipe and shooting into her car.
According to the newspaper, Brown says he needs a lot of girls.
The paper says, Brown, he needs a lot of girls.
That's what he says, and the paper said James did not say whether he's interested in another woman or not.
And we want to say hello to a grand island of Brasco woman,
who says one would have been enough.
After days were trying to get her new phone from AT&T,
she said 21 phones were delivered.
All of them read, and they were all read.
And while she likes red, she says she can't use 21 of those phones.
What?
You heard me.
Mostly cloudy today, scattered showers and thunderstorms,
50% chance, high mid-80s.
That's right, Neil.
And low to night mid-70s, 73 on Zeta 4 coming up on 754.
Was there a finger in there that I didn't see?
Yeah.
You gave us a finger?
Just a zip of the dude.
Need that whistle.
You even have to start whistling again.
It's a holiday.
We're on about 22 and a half RPM.
You know what else we haven't even started doing yet?
What?
Now what did he do at 10 o'clock today?
We haven't.
We haven't programmed.
This is starting to become tedious, don't you think?
Yeah, we shouldn't be doing it on the air,
because it takes an awful lot of time.
I could do it in five minutes, myself.
Well, we need you to do it, though.
We need your, you know.
You know there's not even a music sheet in there.
What?
For the rest of the day?
Wait a second.
Hey, this could be the chance of a lifetime.
We could program the whole rest of the day.
Do you imagine?
I was thinking myself, you know, what I heard over the weekend?
On Zeta this, why doesn't the station sound like that all the time?
Now are they still doing the blocks today?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Does anybody know anything?
Hello, maybe we are.
Are we doing blocks?
No, come on.
Since when?
I don't know.
It's a holiday, long holiday week.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is today a rock block party party chip off the old block?
We can no repeat.
Memorial day.
Memorial day.
Memorial day.
No repeat.
Classic rock.
Hello, Holly.
We can.
It doesn't have to be.
You get a free hamburger if you can say it.
To be a classic marathon.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Unscheduled.
Unscheduled.
I'm 10 o'clock.
I'm 10 o'clock.
I was done scheduled.
So I guess we do.
Now we got to get 16 cuts, right?
Oh.
16 tons by Ernie Ford.
We don't have that.
Okay, let's do a Herman's Hermit's in there.
Okay?
Okay.
How about no milk today?
My love is gone away.
I love that.
So I didn't think what you expected like.
This is lovely.
You've got a brown daughter or one like that.
See, I like that.
Different.
No milk today.
Okay.
Rick Nelson.
Okay.
And the traveling man.
Now is that one of the songs he used to sing when that show ran short?
When they ran short and they had a full of a zee would bring them in.
And they look at the fact that they say that is that this.
Now there is something to that, by the way.
I'm not totally correct on that, but there is something to that.
How about the Smith and Baby It's You?
How about Smith and Wesson?
Excellent cut.
Baby It's You by Smith.
Oh yeah, that is good.
Haven't heard it in a dog's ex-plan.
Pick it in, okay?
Baby!
Now that's three.
Yeah.
We control yourself, Cap and Dave.
What are you auditioning now for the 10 o'clock hour?
Why don't you just sing the 10 o'clock hour, okay?
Okay.
All of you are the Raiders on compact disc ladies and gentlemen.
We're not going to play it off those crappy carts that Rose Boulders got in there.
It's scratchy.
And how about just like me?
Oh, that's a good one.
All right.
You're on a roll.
I am.
How about Dion?
Okay.
And how about...
Now which one does Cap and Dave?
I mean, Big Dave want to hear off Dion.
Come on.
Let's say.
Big Dave and Noody.
Dude looks like a lady.
Yeah, dude looks like a lady by deal.
Dude looks like a one.
Now is that the extended mixer?
Is that the...
How about Sandy?
Perfect.
I'm familiar with them.
No, I'm for that.
I go for that.
Well, he likes that name, okay?
Yes, I do.
That's correct.
How about the BGs and Jive talking?
That's hip.
That was the number one song, I think.
Was it?
Was that a big hit or what?
Yeah.
Jive talking by the BG.
So there's a whole bunch off of a whole bunch of...
I didn't see these that I bought again with my own little money on Saturday.
Okay, that's like five.
Oh, there's got to be more than that.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
So we're already...
And it's only 759.
So you can do this in five minutes, if you can.
Yeah, really well.
We'll do the rest of all of them now.
Because I have to like, rearrange them in everything, as well as...
Why not?
Yeah, get some of those...
Give me three more.
Some of those anthology, yes.
Yes.
Took some psychedelic stuff in there.
All right, how about the Marvelettes and Beechwood 45789?
How that is, psychedelic.
Oh, that would be good.
No, that's not psychedelic, but it's a good cut.
You're getting me way behind here now.
I've got to do the scores.
Oh, okay.
And then we got...
See, a pretty full hour here in the eight o'clock hour.
And he's got two live spots logged back to back.
That crazy, Eros de Joues.
He's got two live spots logged back to back.
So we're going to have to do something to straighten that out.
Okay, we'll stop there then.
So in other words, we have a lot of important business to do here.
Yeah, we sure do.
How about Twist and Shop by the Isley Brothers?
Ooh, that's like their best cut.
Yeah.
Okay, there's another one for you.
Keith and Kyle.
Exactly.
The Isley Brothers.
So you're up to like seven or eight now.
Give me a break already.
It's eight o'clock.
We're a minute late.
Here's the scores real fast.
NBA.
It was Dallas 118 LA 104.
The Lakers looked like, you know what?
And in the Major League Baseball.
Now, American League Milwaukee, seven Cleveland 2,
Toronto 4, Chicago 3, Minnesota 60,
Troy 3, Royals 12, the Rangers 1.
Orioles 3, the Angels 2.
The Athletics beat the Red Sox 5 to 4.
Yankees beat Seattle 7 to 3.
National League.
Dodgers 2, Montreal 1, Padre 6.
The Metz 3, Phillies 4, Giants 2.
Cardinals beat the Graves 3 to 1.
Pirates over the Reds 4 to 2.
Astros beat the Cump 7 to 1.
And the Hurricanes run away to Omaha again.
They beat the Southwest Texas Basser State last night.
And they're on their way to Omaha.
They won the Atlantic Regional sweeping a field that was just a field of
2500 dollar claimers with bandages and all four legs.
And that Ron Harrison man, he knows how to get to Omaha.
Trust me.
I thought they'd beat the hell of a guy.
South Carolina.
Well, he did.
But what South Carolina is about the only other team that played in that region.
The other ones were like a girl schools.
The GameCop.
Anyway, you can't say that on this show.
Okay, it's 801.
Now, see, I've gotten so far behind.
I don't know what to do with this.
You got to do the ID.
Oh, we got to do this request ID.
Okay, go ahead.
This is the Neil Rogers show,
voted by the BCC Caspeteria Club as the worst morning show in radio pro programming.
Programming, history on Zeta.
Zeta.
Zeta.
Zeta 94.9.
Worst.
W Z T A.
W Z T A.
Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm beaches.
We think Neil is a Dutch bag.
Duce bag.
DOOM.
DOOM.
DOOM.
DOOM.
DOOM.
Yeah, right on.
Did I do okay?
Yeah, you did great.
Two minutes after, right.
How about we ain't got nothing yet by the Bluesmagoos.
All right.
That's good.
There you go.
We'll fill these out.
The fact you then grant took over.
Okay.
One day you're up and the next day you're there.
That was my favorite line in that.
You can't face the world with your head to the ground.
See, we're putting a little bit of Optimus-type music in this.
Reminds me of a party we had at my house a few weeks ago.
I'm not sick.
You can't face the world with your head to the ground.
Anyway, let's see.
How about, uh,
and we don't want to play that.
What's his name?
We'll get all upset.
Gonzer's, he's still working here.
Did we play, uh, keep on dancing on that hour?
Uh, did we do that project we ever did?
No.
Well, I'll put it in there.
Keep on dancing by the gentries.
I gotta do that.
I gotta just, uh, can we get to that spot?
You know, I heard the show.
I'm stressed with that car.
I heard the hour I was driving to Fort Lauderdale.
I was, I'm probably was great.
Yeah, it was.
It was great.
I heard most of it driving to Fort Lauderdale.
It takes about 45 minutes to drive to Fort Lauderdale.
And it was excellent.
Priding.
I keep on getting more and more.
I'm getting more and more.
Another one of Big Dave's fans.
I don't think I went too far.
No, it's gonna be a little bit far.
Yeah, sometimes, but I used to be in this shocking.
You'd reach over and put a, and then put a, sometimes we'd put a different record would come in after the pause.
I keep on dancing for every modern version of J. Brandt now.
And it's not a shame it's anything.
We're gonna show it high.
We're gonna put it in the dark.
You all hear this from the dark car.
We're on the Senni Payton show.
I keep on dancing.
I keep on dancing for every modern version of J. Brandt now.
And it's back to the beginning.
I never forget the day that I did this accident.
And I kept wondering what was going on.
And I looked at it was counting down like 155.
The record's only two minutes.
It was really bizarre.
Anyway, that's got a false ending in it.
Oh, excuse me.
And the machine, the CD player will put it back to the beginning, which sounds exactly like we're picked up again.
The scene you'll try to expand the pause at the end.
Now is this classic rock?
Yeah.
Sure.
This is this classic rock.
Are you serious?
No question.
What do you think classic rock is?
Now let's get the opinion of somebody under the age of pen over here.
What's your definition?
Besides...
Beatles.
I don't know either Beatles.
I don't really know the definition.
What is the definition of classic rock?
Whatever we like.
That's right.
That's right.
Whatever they held in the old one.
It's like defining democracy.
That's what Rose does.
He plays whatever they held he likes.
That's right.
Right?
Eight million times.
I don't know what else we're going to put in there too today.
We shall put some obscure Beatles in here.
No, we don't want to.
We're writing things.
Would you know what I mean by obscure?
How about sticks?
And too much time on my hands.
That wouldn't be too good.
Okay.
You're going to pick that one?
I'm saying.
What's wrong with that?
That's a good song.
You want me to?
I mean, there are some good songs on here.
But the best of times is great.
Crystal Ball.
I'd really hear that.
That one.
Okay.
We don't care what you'd rather here.
You want to hear some obscure cut that you would like.
That's that obscure.
What?
You didn't even say what it is yet.
The best of times.
What was a blue collar man?
Do you remember...
Are you two young?
Do you remember blue collar man for like 78?
That was a big hit for them.
Well, thank God that's not on here.
Okay.
So just...
So how many we got now?
We must have the whole about 80% of it done.
You have a common eyes fight right here.
No, don't start counting the 10.
I count the 10.
I count the 11.
11.
So we only got...
You say 16.
I don't think that's enough because 16 times...
That's right.
He always says that.
Every two and a half is 32, is 40 minutes.
He went 18.
I think 18.
I think 18.
19 to be on the safe side.
Okay.
Mostly cloudy today.
We do have a 50% chance of scattered showers and thunderstorms again.
It'll be in the mid 80s.
And tonight mostly cloudy with a low in the mid 70s.
73 degrees this morning at Zeta 4.
It's almost seven after eight.
It's eight or nine on Zeta 4.
The near Rogers Memorial Day show.
Listen, what can I do?
Don't play must for the weather.
It's dripping down here in Carroll City and it's gray and dank.
And it looks like hell on wheels.
But that's where it goes.
You have to be creative.
Yeah.
Right?
Get it out of the way.
Like, you know, bring everybody inside and cook those weenies on the stove or something.
Right?
Sounds good to me.
I bet it does.
So anyway, it's nine after eight and we're going to take another couple of calls and we've got all the stuff backed up.
Do you want to finish this thing?
First, if you want to.
You seem to be in a major hurry for this today.
You seem to be apple-plugged.
No, no, no.
We got two hours.
I was just thinking I've got to like write down what order it's in and know.
Because you guys never want to share in that part.
Well, we don't want to.
We pick them and you place them.
How's that?
Sort of like horse races.
Well, let's see.
I'm looking at some of these CDs are really pretty limited, you know?
I know.
You can get some stuff out of here.
Sweet little 16 by Chuck Berry.
Fine.
Yeah, we never do rock and roll record.
We never do much Chuck Berry.
I know, probably.
It belongs even the station once in a great while by accident plays little Chuck Berry.
Sweet little 16.
And the CD hits the wrong cut.
Yeah.
How about the little Richard too?
If I can find one, everybody keeps talking to me with little Richard and I know.
There's some on there because I've played it.
Oh, have you really?
You know, also what you got there that I like is Junior Walker in the All Star.
Oh, yeah.
Like a road runner or something would be your, you know, one of his big hits.
That sounds really good.
You think I can find it?
Yeah.
You want to play it?
Played, say it.
Why I played it on Zeta last, that was on last night.
Ask Anisha, fine.
Junior Walker.
Junior Walker.
How about shotgun?
Great.
Oh, that's a good one.
That's excellent.
Yeah, Junior Walker in the All Stars and shotgun.
Great.
That's a big and big.
It's 11 after 8.
I don't know why we're giving the time a lot this morning because nobody in their right mind has to work.
It's good to have schooled or anything.
So forget about the time already.
Just relax.
Take a load off your button.
Just relax.
Okay.
How about a whole lot of shaking going on by Jerry Lee Lewis?
Yeah.
I like that.
Jerry Lee.
A lot.
Yeah, and it's a real up record.
So would fit in there after some stiff that we put in.
That would be good.
See, this isn't really all that hard.
Yeah, it sounds real good when you play that.
I have to listen to this on the way home to this hour.
Can we turn?
Oh, now you're supposed to be getting into all this old music.
You're the one who keeps punching out magical.
How about the night Chicago die?
Yeah, see, now that's good to listen to him because I didn't notice you guys always lean toward like 59, 60, 60,
or wrong.
These are not 59.
Okay.
What, now what have we given him so far?
He or so.
Okay.
Perfect example.
This one on some days, it's more extreme than other.
You got traveling man.
You got Twisted Shell.
Travel man is about 62, okay?
Okay, Twisted Shell.
Yeah, 63, I would say.
Keep on dancing.
That's 68 or 9.
More like 65 or 6.
Keep on dancing.
It's sweet little 16 shot.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
This isn't too bad.
Okay, wait a minute.
Well, we have a content.
I say keep on dancing.
65 and a whole lot of shaking.
And you say 68.
No way it's 68.
Okay.
Well, let's take a look.
We can take it off with a whole lot of shaking.
Gentries, 925, 65.
The bird finally hit him.
Right arm.
Right arm.
Yeah, you had the right ear too.
You had to try to put it out.
Forget who you're dealing with.
I know, I try.
There's no Johnny Dark, but yeah.
Oh, I saw a TV show that had a Johnny Dark in it.
Oh, the comedian?
Yeah, as the announcer of a wrestling match.
Like a burnout old guy.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that's the fake Johnny Dark.
Now, we deal here with the real Johnny Dark.
It was funny, see, his name won this thing.
Yeah, he gets confused with him all the time.
People used to call him up in New York and say,
I saw you a nerve last night.
No, no, no.
So, let's wrap this up.
You guys want to start with a whole lot of shaking?
Yeah, how many you got?
About 14, 13.
How about Nelt and John and they're okay just to make you a contemporary?
Yeah.
Something a little more contemporary.
Like, but not too new, like fill it off your freedom.
That's a good one.
Good day for that, don't you think?
Yeah.
That should be the second song.
That's good on Memorial Day.
A little fill it off your freedom, right?
Something real corny.
And that's, see, that's long.
That's like five minutes.
We have a ballad of the green beret on a record that year.
That's good for Memorial Day.
How about express weight of your heart by the soul survivors?
And then you play that Friday?
No.
No, I didn't play that since.
No, I didn't play that at all at hour.
Are you sure?
No, no, no.
All right.
I bet my Bush gun, okay?
I bet my left arm.
Back cap and Dave.
He's something else, isn't he?
Inny?
Okay.
How about surf and safari by the beach boys?
Now you're getting hip.
See, that's different.
Yeah.
Something different.
I like it.
It's on there.
So look at this pile we got here, man.
That's a pile.
And then two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, sixteen.
It's a pile of something.
I'll send you there.
One is five minutes.
That's good enough.
So can we get by on sixteen or you want to do it?
Yeah, but I was thinking we'd get out of here a little early today.
Okay.
You think of that?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
That wasn't till now.
Like five minutes.
So you want to add a couple more backups?
Yeah.
And I know you hate this.
I don't know why.
You don't like Jim Croci at all, do you?
Yes, I do.
Some of it.
See, I got Jim Croci out because I worked in AC for two years.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
Exactly right.
I used to love him.
How about Rapid Roy, the stock car boy?
I like that.
I remember the ice-flat in the country station.
Or you don't mess around with Jim?
I'd be appropriate for the Daytona 500.
What's that?
The Rapid Roy, the stock car boy.
See, I like operator, but that's two mellow for us.
We would never play the love.
Two Glovey.
Yeah, real Glovey.
Two Glovey, dubby.
Yeah.
And you need to play something they can't play.
Well, so how about Rapid Roy, the stock car boy?
I don't know that one.
We already put you what?
I don't know that one.
Oh, geez.
Here we go again.
So the book.
No, I'm not going to the book.
I'm going to go to the Michigan book.
Cut, it's not in the book.
Yeah, I don't need to go to the book.
It's not there.
You challenge me.
What?
What?
I'm mungering.
He hits one by luck.
Right away, he's there.
Right away, he thinks he's...
I think he's right on this one, too.
Wow.
But now if I get two today.
I think he's Casey Kasim or something.
I get to go home.
Jim Croci.
What was the name of it again?
Rapid Roy.
Roy Boy or something.
Stock car guy.
Not there, isn't it?
Well, it didn't quite make it.
So now that's two.
All right, but let's see if you heard of it.
That's a big time.
I never heard of it.
I never heard of it.
I never heard of it.
It's like Ro saying it ever heard of Little Honda.
It is not the same.
It is not the same.
It is not.
It is not.
There is a single mission.
This is like KISS.
Oh, Rapid Roy, that's not car 4.
He too much to believe.
Nice record.
I remember this.
I never heard this.
I don't want to play hit.
It's in this hour.
Yeah, exactly.
We used to play this on the country stage.
I'm happy.
That's not car 4.
He don't bill.
Okay, see the reason I noticed, because I've had this album forever.
And I listened to the whole thing.
So I know it like it was a hit.
Let's forget Jim Croci.
Let's just leave him home.
Okay.
Because he's not feeling well these days.
He's spinning in his stomach.
He's got an acedron headache.
Okay, well, the guess who is always good for a cut?
And of course they have so many good ones that now no sugar and I
isn't going to make it today.
No, any other one though.
But I don't know how about star baby.
Great.
I love star baby.
It's short, but it's a great record.
I love that record.
Okay, that should be enough.
And then of course, if there's any time left over,
he can stick in one of those dissonance.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
And then he's going to be a star baby.
Good morning.
How are you doing today?
OK, how are you doing?
Good, hey, whatever happened with that thing
with Steve Tyler and Danny Eng.
Whatever happened to it?
Oh, Steve never heard what the result was.
Steve Tyler, when there was so much lack of interest
in that poll that day that it was frightening.
But Steve Tyler won by a hair.
Oh, great.
So he noticed the Steve's got a little more hair
than Danny Eng these days.
In fact, after another few days,
Danny's blond hairs are going to be turning gray.
Hey, I like your new bed for the news.
The Duke of Mass.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, yeah, enjoy.
I get burned out on that other one.
Yeah, in fact, in about 930,
we're going to say Mass for the Duke.
Hey, how about the bucks, though?
They're starting to put things together.
Yeah, I don't know what's going on.
And then the bunny is going crazy
and there are only three and a half games out.
And it's frightening.
But the meds look pretty lackluster.
They had that big move on the road there.
They looked like world beaters.
And they came home and they looked like they've had it.
Yeah, I think everybody kind of
go through a little bit during the season
where they start falling apart and all that.
Yeah, I like the braves.
They're all reals, yeah.
Hey, that's a little bit of a reday thing with those guys.
But you know this Chuck Tanner,
now that he's gone there,
actually, they've won a few games.
Oral victory for the braves.
That's correct.
Okay, well, you have a good day today.
You too.
Okay, bye.
What boy?
It's late at night.
You're all fast asleep
and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home.
But you're protected.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Yeah, it's the James Brown home security alarm.
Ow, ow, ow.
The heart is working alarm in the safety business.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Oh, yeah.
Designed by the godfather of home protection himself.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
The James Brown alarm protects you from burglar,
pipvandals, pipvandals, pipvandals.
Pipvandals.
And if you act now,
we'll include it no extra cause.
The patented James Brown hot pants far along.
Ow, ow, ow.
So put the soul patrol on your keyhole.
Ow, ow.
With a James Brown home security system.
Ow, ow.
You'll save.
I'll be a good.
Ow, ow.
It is kind of reassuring to have Captain Day back here kicking the chair.
And, no.
Is he doing back there?
What is this man going to receive?
He's so animated, yeah.
I know what is it.
It's just that.
