1054 WIOD and we are going to get penis envy on in the next hour. Thank you very much Nick. You do have a turntable in there. It's frightening. We actually have equipment in this building which is unusual. It works too. It's I can't even relate to. Okay. Let's get to the mobile caller in Bokeh. Hello. How you doing now? Great. I'm glad to see you back doing your own thing. We're doing it. How about time? How do I get a whole bunch of people dropped off? I can't imagine why. I can't wait for like an eternity.
751 WIOD and day that's where they just all dropped off like flies. Go ahead. So anyway you still accept collect call. Yeah. Where are you? Well right now. No, no right now. I'm in North Brow County. I will be in Italy next week and I would like to call you. Oh yeah. We're going to get our own map in fact. We got a big wall here. And if we do it real neatly and real antiseptically we can put a big map up on a wall. Start sticking a fins in it. That's fine. So if you will accept it, I will like to call you while I'm over there.
Trust me as I'm eating a pizza or some good Italian food. I'll think of you and early me so this company has more money than God and real if you're calling from the moon will accept it. Okay. That's fine. We'll speak to you next week. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. Okay. Let's go to Pompato Beach. Hello. I'm so depressed. I feel like jumping off the 17th Street Causeway. Well I'll hold your hand while you're doing it. Sir, what happened? Well you know what the big thing that happened, but you think I'll ever be known as anything other than the sight of my turn coat. What? The Rick
Siderman turn coat. I'm a guy. Now, when you're the guy that called the other day and I kind of cut you short. I didn't hang up on you, but you had already said your thing, but you were like jumping into bed with him. If I can use that expression. Yeah, but you show me the error of my ways. But you're so emotional, sir. I mean the first day I came in. In fact, I don't think I was even on the area. I was on with Steve that one day on Friday and you called in and you were just chastising me and warning me and cautioning me if I ever started becoming palsy with Siderman that I would have no credibility.
And I'm telling you, it's never going to happen. And then all of a sudden you call me the other day and you had dinner with him or whatever and he's a really hot. A guy. And now this is now all of a sudden you're flip flopping back again because you realize that he is a malignant right wing douchebag. Okay. I'm being as kind as I possibly can because I know Steve likes him a lot, but he is a malignant right wing. I hate full douche. I have three words for all those right wing fascists who voted for this Bush league idiot. President Dan Quail. Yeah. More on that.
Okay. Try to calm down. I will you, sir? Sorry I did what I did. I hope you'll be able to. You're forgiven. Let me just suggest one thing to you. Okay. Yeah. Don't ever do it again. Hey, place you up. By the way, this one's for you. Okay. Oh boy. Talk about emotional. Yeah. Oh, it's a miracle. I hope you'll be okay. I don't think so. I know. By the way, did you see that 49% of the voters turned out nationwide yesterday less than 50% of one of the lowest
turnout. Maybe that was the lowest turnout at all time. I don't know, but I mean, 49%. But in Florida, man, it came out like crazy.
And it must have been because of the great selection that we had like, you know, Mac and McCay. Did you see that buddy McCay? I'm serious. He's like a
troglodyte. I mean, Mac is a virulent right wing or altogether. He's become so far right that you've got to just
write him off to begin with. But I mean, buddy McCay. What a young. In fact, every time I get on that turnpike and I go by
the e-ha junction, I think about buddy McCay. Really? Senator McCay. And of course, that's, like I said, it's still so close that they
can't figure it out. In other words, they're trying to find a way to get rid of both of them. I think is what it is. Now, there's an
idea. I hear you call about the races. Hopefully somebody here made some money. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. Yeah, the races. Thank you very much. I've been listening to you for
you know, a couple of days now. And I got this tips on the race. I barely caught that one on cold spot. And I'm the eighth race. Yeah.
Yesterday 11 bucks. He wins by four. Okay. Well, I only bet two bucks on it because I mean, I like an idiot. I bet all the other races before
that the one in the fifth at Polish horse. Yeah, the Polish horse came out one that one. Yeah, I won the road. I bet I'm a reggae.
Yesterday exclusively. He just came in as a first time I ever been in the track. You know, are you cereal? Well, I guess we made a
real degenerate out of you. And I'm going to get a great show and thank you for the races. Okay. Well, congratulations. You don't
bet it all in one place. Okay. When you when you're picking the races, I didn't know I listen to the day and you said, you just go down and
picked it like stolen rolls and his other. Yeah, I just do a bite. And now when I go to the track, I don't do that. But I mean, on the
year, we just do it for funds. We just pick names that sound wacko. You know, see, I don't know anything about the tracks or
so it's for damn sure. I have no preconceived anything else. Well, all right. I'll then colorize movies. Okay, one of the things.
Real quickly. Yeah, I can be proud. We can be proud of Barry County because Barry County went to caucus. Are you cereal? Yeah. I
didn't know that neither boy. That must be close 50 50. Yeah, yeah, with the popular. Okay, so I guess I can stay there. Right. Yeah. Okay, thanks a
lot. My my my my see it cold. No, forget. Colors open today closed tomorrow and then reopening tropical. I called her on
Friday. I just mentioned that in passing. Gail Brett has the news at 11 o'clock. We'll come back at 11 o' 5 for hour. Number two on
610 W I O D. It's 11 o' 5 at W I O D and we're back for our number two on a Wednesday morning. And I see we're getting a
little bit of a problem here. We got some chronic regulars like veggie from Bokka who I see is on a line again. And
veg can we put them on for just a second? Here is the on seven veg. Yes, what's going on here, Veg? I'm sorry. Yeah, getting a little bit
carried away. You know what they say? Once a king always a king, but once a night's enough. You know what I'm saying? All right, I
figured I could have just punched the button and hung up on you and then the whole stick like that and everybody would
laugh. You know, that stuff, but I don't want to do that. The menu and make you into some kind of a some human
mung brain or do you want me to call them once a month or so? No, no, not once a month, but you see, can't you find a
happy meeting like once a week would be nice? Oh, sure. I can do that. I don't I don't believe instead fast rules. Like if you
had something earthshaking to tell us like if they were having like a big sale on and Morrison's or something on
on real soft happy, okay, putting or something. I mean, that would be worth breaking in, but other than that, you know, once a week.
What's on your mind today, Veg? Well, I want to talk to you. Yes, they could do caucus. Okay, like I said, you can call us anytime.
Okay, and I can't believe that Bush warned. Why not? What are you living in some kind of a dream world?
I know, but he was vice president, I guess nobody thinks. No, it's not that he was vice president. It's got to do the fact that
he smeared docock is very adeptly right from the beginning and he made him look like a bigger wimp than he was.
And he also picked a bigger wimp than himself to be his running mate. And so he likes to like a mountain like a gigantic figure over
these people. And that's what the Americans are in demand. They're into cosmetics. Don't confuse them with anything else.
When it comes down to the Senate races in Congress, you know, it's a whole different ballgame. All of a sudden, they're into issues and
they're into all sorts of other kinds of things. But when it comes to the presidency, they look upon it in such an
awesome way that the only way they can do like Reagan, he was like a grandfather figure. In case of some of us, they
great, great grand plan. You know what I'm saying, Ben?
I understand. One of the things do you live in Broward or Palm Beach? No, I live in Broward. I live in plantation.
Because on the other our ballot, there was like a bunch of stuff like I didn't even.
Well, look, when in doubt, leave it out. That's what I always said.
Yeah, like some of the people I didn't even know. That's what Jeff Stryker has always said to when in doubt, leave it out.
Well, listen, have a good day. I hope. Now, see, I got you chuckling a little bit. You feel better. You're depressed, but you'll get over it.
Yeah, I know. Okay. And when you hear the sound of those footsteps marching in your neighborhood, you know, it's either Nick Navarro, George Boyshaw, or both.
Okay. Okay. Have a great day.
Oh, bye. And I see he was okay. I don't know why you get so emotional.
What?
Now, we got an open line at Palm Beach. I see now that there's a little confusion there. I noticed in those intros, there's a little bit of confusion
because they give the numbers together. And then they say, and the Palm Beach is in in Boca. And I don't want to start nitpicking.
It's not doing it, but I just want to clarify because we got a lot of dumb listeners. Okay. And we need to lay it out for them as carefully as possible.
So in Palm Beach, north of Boca in Delray at 655 WIOD. See, that's why that line hasn't been going crazy.
They're confused. And in Boca, it's 278 WIOD.
I'm confused. It's very complex. Are you? Don't you think? It's very complex.
All the other lines are going to Palm Beach lines that we just still, they don't want anything to do with us up there.
And I can't say that I blame them. Okay. 1108 WIOD will go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. How are you doing?
All right. Listen up. We've been captain Dave this morning.
Boy, you're really desperate, aren't you?
Yeah. And he gave away the machine gun.
He did? Yeah. He left that?
Yeah. He's given away everything that I left behind, I guess.
Well, I got to get some listeners somehow, sir.
Uh, I hear that.
I think he left him at any last three pounds. He said there's no more food in there.
Yeah. Well, I've lost seven pounds since last Tuesday in the weekend,
uh, when eight days I've lost seven pounds.
That's good.
But I think that's from getting rid of this stress and the aggravations.
Do you think, do you think they'll miss us over there?
Yeah.
Yeah. I think he wants me rich, you guys.
Mm-hmm.
Well, good luck to him, sir.
All right. Well, could you put your hand on Mark and we're jelly?
Can we picture him working with Joey? That would be interesting, wouldn't it?
Yeah, in fact, maybe he could bring out that cart that he could cut about, um,
yeah, in the competition degree. Yeah.
Remember that one? Yeah.
That would be so fun. And Joey would love that.
Okay, well, listen, we'll be looking for another report, sir.
Have a great day. Okay.
Well, do we call this?
Mobile Palm Beach spy on eight.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, I need all this is now on your occasional mobile spy up here.
First, I want to congratulate you on your move.
Unfortunately, I'm sorry to see that you're leaving at some station to go AM.
Even you admit today, I'm with that, but maybe...
No, it's not dead anymore, sir. Trust me, there's an electricity in here.
Don't you remember what DuCoccus was saying in those final days?
Oh, yeah.
There's an electricity in the air.
I smell victory.
And it was really riding garbage that he was smelling, but that's interesting.
Sure, too very loud.
But the only thing I'm really going to miss is just aerial broadcast,
because they even know with this strong signal they have up here on Palm Beach.
Just is not the same.
Good luck to you anyway.
Thank you, sir.
Have a nice dish above.
You too.
Have a happy circus.
And we hope you eat a lot of Homentosh and Purim too, okay?
By the way, the TV coverage of the election last night was the worst I have ever seen.
The absolute worst it was in abomination.
The local coverage was embarrassing.
The network coverage was humiliating.
And ABC first they gave Amaril into DuCoccus, then they took it back.
And one of the networks gave him Illinois, then they had to take it back.
And it was like, and Dan Rather kept apologizing.
Right from the minute they came on,
oh, we know the polls are still open, and we encourage you get out and vote,
regardless of any projections, get out and vote.
And we don't want to be the first necessarily, although it is over,
but we don't want to be the first, you know, that kind of crap.
Who are you kidding, Dan?
Man, it was embarrassing.
And they were all fumbling and bumbling.
And in Channel 10, that was really something.
That was incredible.
I mean, Anne and Dwight between the two of them,
they were just doing a Mexican tap dance.
They didn't know what the hell was going on.
And they kept fumbling with papers and people were supposed to be where they,
you know, weren't and were there.
It was just upside down.
It was just a mess.
That's why TV.
Yeah, but I mean, really, the worst I've ever seen.
And why can't they, with all these different like judge ships and there were 11
amendments and all this other, why can't they just roll it for you and show you?
Why do they have to go down each one?
Oh, this is the one where, you know, it puts a cap.
We already know that supposedly because we just voted.
If we didn't know it, then what the hell business did we have voting on them?
Right?
So why do they have to do?
Why can't they just roll a stuff and show us everything?
Instead of these insipid interviews, you know, and they're interviewing Mac,
and he says he won, then he says he lost.
And Macay who says, and that's all I was going to say.
And did he, is a Yahoo man, you talk about red, who was doing analysis on Senator Macay?
He makes Bob Graham look like a genius.
That's a, that's what I was saying.
Bob Graham is a BDI, do you think?
He was on for that.
But, you know, that's an nature of the state.
There are no real Democrats left in the state.
Maybe like six or seven, okay?
And then in the condos, of course, but that's an understanding.
And don't forget our special ed coder today.
Stolen rolls in the sixth race with Mike Gonzalez.
If he's in, boy, look out.
Now I would, I would have lunch at the,
Sadie's buffet and head for caller.
Now give him my pick and clunge my brains on stolen rolls after you cash on a
smoking bud in the, that's a question.
And we gave you three winners of Coder yesterday.
You've only had one guy who's had the decency to call in and share the two bucks that he bet on at
the race.
Proven it's after 11 on 610 W I O D.
He's the high prince of TV news.
Bishop.
Oh, I buy Bishop of TV news.
He's anger with a whip.
That's TV news.
That imposing figure that I today will laugh.
It's must be anger with a whip.
I do wear leather.
It's below the dad.
Well, you know.
Oh, anger with a whip.
We are the eyewitness to what we pass on to the news.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I do wear leather.
It's below the dad.
Okay, I thought that would be appropriate for today and I like it the great election night coverage last night on channel 10.
And the others weren't any better, but I mean they were so uncoordinated.
Nobody had any idea what was going on and it was great.
Okay, let's go back to 1116 at W I O D.
We'll go to Miami.
Hello.
All right, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Glenn.
Hi.
How you guys doing?
Good.
Oh, good.
Neil Glenn, I'm a long-term listener.
First time caller.
And congratulations, Neil, when you're moved to AM.
I understand that now that you're back on AM,
FM is dead.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
Oh, yeah.
You're right on the head.
Isn't it amazing?
It's like a miracle.
I was worried to make sure I had a straight.
That is correct.
I've been a Neil Rogers closet listener.
I'm a black male, professional male.
And I was told for some time it is,
this guy is bigger on radio, Neil Rogers, etc.
And I started listening to you, Neil, and to be honest with you,
I don't find you to be a bigger at all.
I think you attack some of the more,
and you lampoon and you make sad tires,
some of the more ridiculous elements of our society,
but I don't see you hopping on, you know.
But people came to me and said, oh, man, you should hear.
It makes fun of the rap groups, they said,
and a lot of the junk needs to be made fun of.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
you put a C in front of that word rap.
I think you got it.
You had it right on the head.
Yeah, so I just wanted to tell you, you know, now,
but you know, you know, you gain more popularity,
you know, among all elements of society and everything.
And I hate to sound serious.
I mean, yeah, I'm sorry.
You can be a little modeling.
I mean, after all, Bush did win yesterday,
and you've got to write the BD press.
Really?
I mean, I am so, I'm just in such a deep funk.
I mean, I feel, I feel worse than I felt in 80 and 84.
I don't know why, man.
I like when Reagan won, it was bad enough.
But now the thought of George Bush being present in the United States
is just so depressing.
Yeah, and having Quail kind of like sitting there on the right,
just needling him every now and then saying,
you know, let's fry a few black folks today for lunch.
Or something like that, you know?
Well, look, you have a great show,
and I enjoy listening to you.
Keep up to good work.
Oh, and by the way, I just have one question.
Is it, I may be a maybe a trade secret,
but that case, he case in debt.
I mean, is that the real,
that can't be the real thing, is it?
Oh, yeah, that sure is.
It is.
It is.
I play Aena recorded it.
That's the only bit I've ever recorded.
And I play with some people in the office
and they were like hysterical.
And they said, oh, that's an actor.
That's somebody.
And I say, it sounded so much like him.
That's it.
Tell them they could bet their lives on it that it's him, okay?
Incredible.
Okay.
But you have a great show.
Take it easy.
And but wait a minute.
We're all going to get together
and bail him out of jail tomorrow, okay?
Okay.
Okay, see you later.
Bye-bye.
That casey, man, he's gotten more hot water these days.
It's 11.19 at WIOD.
It's an ear roger's Wednesday show.
If you're tuning in and wondering
where Paul Harvey's going to be in about an hour,
he's not going to be here, okay?
He's got other stuff to take care of out there
and don't call Nick and bug him
because he's gone, okay?
He packed up all his little sandwiches
and all his right wing a propaganda.
He's gone.
Although quite frankly, from what I understand,
I could be wrong,
but they're just not like getting overwhelmed.
Right.
That's what I heard.
Like there were four people who called
and three of them were relatives of Paul Harvey.
They didn't get the call.
And the other one was like the president of ABC
or something like that.
I don't know.
It's just, he's passe.
And he hasn't time passed him by.
Oh, God.
He did wish everyone a good day though.
I'm not touching it.
I'm going to go to what Davey.
Hello.
Yeah, and you?
Yes, sir.
I was going to tell you that they were giving things
away this morning,
but someone beat me to the punch.
But you have to know what to listen very carefully for, okay?
When they start giving away the equipment,
then you're going to know that
what the future is eight or four is going to be, okay?
Well, I want you to listen to this.
Tell me if you heard this before.
Oh, that's the Santa.
That's the walking Santa Claus.
They give him away, too?
David to me.
Oh, in other words,
you've got him right there now doing it, right?
Right right here now on my diary.
Well, don't let anybody,
oh, he's doing it on your diary.
Wow.
Now, what did you have to do to win that?
So I had to do with right through
the amazing number of phone calls.
That's incredible.
Yeah.
I think I dialed it with my eyes, too.
Well, I don't wish your Dave anybody
bad luck because he's a great guy.
He did a super job for us.
But as far as the company is concerned over,
and I know we're bolder any bad luck,
because Rose is a great guy, too.
But as far as the company is concerned,
they're going to, you know,
we don't have to say anything.
We don't have to do anything
because through their own
unbelievable incompetence and short-sightedness
and foolishness and stupidity,
they're going to wind up doing all we can ever hope for them, okay?
That's true.
Trust me.
I agree.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
The game-michels would say trust me.
We have no reason to wish him anything bad at all.
That is correct.
We wish him all the best.
Exactly.
Mm-hmm.
Hope for the best.
And if you will, he'll be.
You know it will be planning for.
Now, can I ask you this question, sir?
Where is that thing?
Oh, here it is.
Now, listen, what is a cross
between album-oriented rock and an old-y sound?
I was thinking about that when you mentioned it earlier.
Yeah.
And what does that mean?
I would have to think that it would be
Edison's cylinder, but only the obscure cuts from the Edison.
Oh, yeah.
You're right.
Edison Lighthouse cylinder.
That's what they're going to be planned.
Yeah.
Uptown country, cross-bred hybrid mochaum.
But if AOR, EOR, now I think EOR is EOR,
that one there's called End of the Road.
But if more than three people have ever heard the cut
before it doesn't qualify.
That's correct.
Including the PD.
Right.
Okay, listen, have a little strange brew for lunch
and have a great day.
All right, you take a day.
Okay, strange brew, man.
I've cut every time I heard that.
I used to drive me nuts.
And there were some people who would say,
I heard it before.
I'd say, where did you hear it?
They said, on Zeta.
Yeah.
Because that's the only station in America
that ever played that record.
And there were several others too.
I keep thinking of that one.
That's something about the wind.
Who was that by?
The twisting in the wind.
That was my little spot.
I'm an emo phillips.
Okay, let's go to homestead,
speaking of twisting in the wind.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
Good.
Hi.
How are you doing?
We're Paul Harvey-Golves.
He's twisting in the wind.
Right as we speak.
We need him in homestead
down at the Farm Bureau here.
Yeah, but you have a good time to fall Harvey down in homestead, man.
He's our idol.
You could share some good right-wing propaganda
while eating your barley and grits.
That's right.
At Carvey's Country Stole.
By the way, we got a new radio show
that's coming on in town.
I noticed that in the Harold article
that we've left out.
I know that you and homestead will enjoy it.
It's called Shalom Saud Florida, WKT,
or the Soviet Spring.
Featuring Israeli Yiddish
and Hasidic Music of the President's Pass.
Okay, and I know you're really going to get into that.
It's about time somebody got that on the airway.
Especially for Perine and Homestead, it says.
If it's on opposite a garden show, I won't be able to listen.
Okay, well listen, have a good show.
Listen, we'll see you later.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, I hope it's on opposite the tree doctor.
He's right.
Man, I'm telling you.
That tree doctor, in fact, Ernie called me.
Ernie called me at Homelike's and he said,
I don't know what the hell I'm going to do.
This tree doctor is just driving me crazy.
I can't compete with him.
And I said, Ernie, you've been out on a long limb
for a long time.
You should have no problem at all.
Okay.
I said, just clean up your socks a little bit
and everything will be all right.
Oh, it's true, Ernie has been, I think that Alex Trebek.
He's got enough other shows to do.
He's going to replace him on concentration.
That's just a rumor.
But boy, if anything ever fit like a glove,
as Michael Jackson would say,
boy, I'm just rambling here today.
Just on and on and on and on.
And that's why I like it.
I like it that way.
So it goes to show we're really getting comfortable.
I want to say,
our mind is listening over at Flores.
We're ready.
We don't want to put any pressure on you.
But we're ready for just plain cheese.
And we're going to eat it very antiseptically.
Very quietly.
Now after the break,
why don't we do penis envy?
Or should we save that till the food comes?
That's a good idea.
We got a lot of other stuff to play with the food comes.
Now, let's get it out.
So to speak, because there are a lot of people
and amazing enough, remember, all the young women.
Yeah.
I think it was that guy talking about the walking Santa
that got you inspired to play this.
To play with you.
So after we do the break, I think we'll do it.
1124 at WIOD.
It's 610 WIOD.
Talk is only half the game.
Our news gives you all the information you need
every hour on the hour.
Now, more with Neil Rogers,
our news talk radio 610 WIOD.
If I had a penis I wear it outside
in cafes and collabs with pump and with price.
If I had a penis I can't for it proper,
I'd be in the job and use me as a stopper.
If I had a penis I could.
Party stretches and starts getting shawter.
That's parties I take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd suck they didn't turkeys on Thanksgiving days.
I'd rival my bodies and sports cars and six shifts
I'd shower my fire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners I'd aim at my toilet
I'd poke at foreigners and go for an orange
If I had a penis I'd went to my mother
come out the hair and compare it to brother
I'd land her I'd night her my hands would condone
Hands would think tighter and buckle and balls
A penis to plunder a penis to push
Cause one in the hand is with one in the bush
A penis to love me a penis to share
To pick up and play with one nobody's there
I'd sit like a guy at Pratt all the chair
I'd play with my fly I'll be with care
I'd dip it in chocolate at six
Get in stock if I scroll through the movies
With high-speed print pockets
I'd pick it in backhims I'm taking for random
Gas-cuddling bottles and crudles and tinders
And puddles and drink cups and doggies and digits
Bulls and bottles and bottles and bitches
You can't hear since they're made of tomatoes and pineapples
Fumpins and gouches and gratas and melons and marshmallows
Glass and gaurilla
Flair-pea and flipper
Chin of a cinch and chill of
A penis to plunder a penis to push
Cause one in the hand is with one in the bush
A penis to love me a penis to share
To pick up and play with one nobody's there
If I had a penis I'd climb every mountain
I'd force it on females I'd keep like a fountain
If I had a penis I'd still be a girl
But I'd make much more money and conquer the world
Okay, well all the office ladies are I'm sure just
Extantically I'm not talking about here necessarily
Although that's possible but all over this time
And for some reason whether there's something going on
Or something very Freudian about why those young ladies
In particular just to go nuts when I hear that Uncle Bonzai
1131 at W.I.O.D. the Nearodger show Steve
With open phones this afternoon
But there's a topic I don't understand we should have asked him that he'll be back later
The topic on open phones
The death of Trash and TV and radio
And I thought I would mention this would be an appropriate time to mention that
Okay, we got Boomer and Tamarack how you doing Boomer
Hey Neil has a hangin big cheese
Okay pal
Hey remember me this is Stan's favorite caller
Yeah, don't you rotate your throat when you do that?
No
Okay
I think he's listening now
I'm positive I've been almost my life on it okay just short of it
Hey Stan if you're out there I'd like to say I miss you a lot
Oh great I'm sure that'll make his day
Okay thanks a lot Chubby
Okay pal
It must have been DJ Junior Junior do you think so?
I'm confused
I wouldn't be I know you're
Okay hello
Yeah I'm curious to know your feelings about
You know how it feels to be on a station where the guy who used to be there
Like the board off
Who took over the 10 to 2 slots for one period of time
Oh yeah, try to get you off the air and now you're in his spot
Yeah, you're talking to wait a minute now which one are you talking about
Try to get me off the air that was Paul Lyle
Don't you remember he said he was going to get me off the air
Well Paul Lyle did too but also did McQuillant
Oh he was going to get me off the air
Yeah, you had a whole show with your buddy
Oh yeah, don't say that
I'm not
I'm unbelievable
I didn't know about that
Well see I mean there were so few people listening when he was on his show
That the news didn't get around too well
Is he still there?
No he's gone
Well that's good
He was still here when I say that to you
I would make up some BS and I'd say oh he's a pretty good guy
But he's not here so I'll tell you the truth
No I don't I never met the guy okay
But I mean on the air he was like he just wandered in from Texas
With a banjo on his knee one day
And he said hey how'd you like to do a talk show
He said show show it up buddy
Oh hey pal
And what can I tell you but this is going to be a little bit more permanent
Okay I think
Why I certainly owe to
I have a I have a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach
I or somewhere
You got it
Well good luck to you
Thanks a lot
Bye
Bye
He was good wasn't he
He was just a really right on target
Okay it's 1134
April Wortham standing by with another WIOD news update
And we're going to come back
And when we come back mad it should be so close to lunchtime
Haha
Oh
I like you to know
Everywhere I go
I hear near Roger Short
Young men are nice to me
They bear their chest to me
There's just one problem.
They don't show the rest to me.
I am very happy, living in this country
and to be close of the deal I just saw.
It's the deal I just saw.
Oh, the deal I just saw.
Okay, it's 11.06 in WIOD and we're back for our second hour.
Most of the eating is out of the way and the rich is just nibbling a little bit on some of the leftovers.
Try to control yourself.
Will you please?
Disgusting.
And we'll go right back to your calls.
30 or under all day.
Anybody over 30?
Give it a rest.
Just sit back and get out your polo dent and relax.
Okay, Sadie's is open for lunch so have a wonderful lunch.
I forgot about that.
Come on, Esther.
Let's go over and steal the sweet and low.
Okay, let's start in Miami this hour.
Hello.
Hi, Alia.
Good morning.
When is Diaz Emigo?
Good morning, Grant.
Hi.
Listen, I'm glad you guys are glad you guys are back on this time.
Listen, you know that I was listening to Henry say the news and you know did Buddy McCay or any of the other news?
You were listening to Henry say the news?
Yeah, well giving the news.
Reading the news.
Making up the news.
Now, did it dawn on any of those people that maybe the people in Hillsboro have the right idea?
Maybe they did turn the page on purpose.
They didn't want to vote for either one of them.
I don't know if you guys heard that.
No, I did hear that.
Yeah, I heard that.
What are a lot of morons out there don't you understand?
Yeah, but they didn't have a good point.
You know, have an excellent point, sir.
They might not have wanted to pull it.
It's showing.
For either one of them.
Listen, Hank was there last night.
He was in there in the pool.
Hank.
Colbert?
Yeah.
You know we haven't seen Heidner here with him and I feel so depressed because I like Hank.
Steve hates him but I like him.
Yeah, but he's working now at his real job.
But last night he came in looking for food and couldn't find anything and he said,
well, not a new year.
I expect to finally see a little something here.
Hank, let me tell you, baby, if you want food, you're going to have to come in here early.
Okay, because we just barely comes into building.
And the thing of it is today, and again, I want to thank our friends at wherever this came from.
Captain Jimmy's for the subs.
And the best part of at least the one that I like the best is the Italian sub.
You know, these are sliced up into little slices of sub sandwiches.
Okay.
All the Italian sub was gone.
So they left us the roast beef and a turkey and the tuna, which is fine.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with it, but our favorite happens to be the Italian sub
because it's got all the Italian cold cuts and a cheese and it's incredible.
And they sucked up every ounce of it.
Okay.
Well, you said a while back before that that the people at work in radio stations are animals.
So, you know, you could have expected that.
Listen, can I play a little bit for you guys for about 45 seconds long?
And I think, what is it from?
It's a red fox.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Trust me.
No, trust me.
Why?
Well, what do you mean it's not racially red fox?
It's right.
No, but it's something.
I think you would enjoy it.
And the worst word has is asking it, if that's it.
Okay.
You can say yes.
Okay, that's why I figured it's not nothing real bad.
Okay, here it goes.
You love someone to wash your eggs.
Okay, listen, that was great.
Yeah.
It's a brief, but it was short, but I liked it.
Now, I think there was more to come.
Anyway, the best of cane this Sunday.
Look at this.
Segment one, Scientology.
Yes.
And segment two, Neil comes to WIOD, 9 o'clock this Sunday morning,
exclusively on WIOD because nobody else would dare put that on.
All right, we have an open line in Broward where we just hung up.
If you move like crazing a two late, two late, 524 WIOD,
and we'll take a call from Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Good morning, bird.
Hi.
Yeah, I was hanging on the line here and I started standing up and I sat down.
And now I'm laying on the floor.
Oh, good.
But you sat off the old for 28 and I'm not really pointing.
I'm really 28.
And Boynton Beach very rapidly, can't you folks?
That's what worried me because I got up this morning and I looked outside.
I think I'm the only person left up here.
On the radio, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I'm very terrified.
That's why I hung on the line.
But I really didn't have anything to say.
Well, you wouldn't be the first one.
I'll tell you that, pal.
And say congratulations and I'm glad you're on the only station that I need to listen to.
The only station you'll ever need is somebody once said.
That is it.
So gentlemen have a fine, fine day.
Okay, ZQ2.
Okay, Culp, keep me informed up here because I'm really, really, I'm agent fast.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay, he's 28 going on 97 now because he's in Boynton Beach.
Good.
With all those prunes up there, man.
I don't know if I've ever been in Boynton Beach.
Oh, yeah, you've been through there on a way to Century Village.
Very fast, though.
And they have a little shuttle bus.
And first it takes you to the supermarket with the ankle paramedics.
I don't want to get started.
Okay, let's save that for, let's save that for when all the snowbirds are back.
Okay, like after Thanksgiving, just before Shavuas, which is like two weeks from today's Thanksgiving.
Thanks, Jimmy.
By the way, I should have mentioned this on Monday, but I didn't want to be, I didn't want to take too much for granted.
And come on here like the very first day and start pushing people around.
But as we left the other joint, we were in the middle of raising money for the Camilla's house.
Right.
And I know that the people here would have absolutely no objection because it's such a worthwhile cause and it's tax exempt and it's all of that.
And if you'd like to help the homeless and the needy at this time of the year with Thanksgiving just a couple of weeks away and then the major holidays coming up right on the heels of that.
We would like to be able to help the Camilla's house to the tune of several thousand dollars more before that all comes about.
So if you'd like to send a donation, please write out a check today and drop it in the mail and by Monday we should see if the IOD audience is a curing giving group.
And whether it's a buck or five or a hundred or fifty twenty whatever you can afford, make the checks out to Camilla's house and send it a neal Rogers WIOD Miami 33141.
Okay, that's Camilla's house care of Neal Rogers WIOD Miami 33141.
All the checks will be turned over to brother Paul in the Camilla's house and they'll put that money to very important work at this time of the year.
12 minutes passed 11 on WIOD.
Steve Kane is South Florida's highest rated afternoon talk shows. Find out why week afternoons from two to six right here.
Now more of Neal Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
It's 1116 at WIOD and we have a mobile on four. Hello. Hello Neal. Yes, sir. How are you doing?
Buenos dias, amigo. When I'll see you. How are you doing, Bert? Just fine. What's going on over there? Well, we're just cleaning up now. Fabric is cleaning up his mess and everything is great.
Let me tell you something. If anyone gets on your case about the what you're going to make, you know, you just let them have it. It's part of the show.
Yeah, it isn't an important part of the show. They understand it, but they don't understand it fully.
We don't want to make a big deal about it, but if they do, they're going to have a problem.
Yeah, I can't imagine not listening to you in the bird show. And now that the bird can show being that I'm dating, he really couldn't show that.
He always used to felt at a hand that, you know, Glenn used to take all his food away from him.
This sounds like a very familiar voice to me, doesn't it?
I called you a few times. I called you. And you sure don't sound like you're on a mobile phone to me, sir.
I swear to God, it's a panasonic mobile cordless, one of those portable ones.
And where are you? I'm right now on a hundred array for this. I'm on 139 street in Miami. I'm trying to find this house.
Let me tell you something. There is nobody on 139 street in Miami. Okay.
So don't try to put another Metro police routine and start busting the wrong house. Okay, pal?
I'll try not to. Listen, I got to take. I don't know, you know, I heard one of the calls the other day asking you to keep
listening on Dave's show. And if you heard him before and him and John Ford together,
and I think they brought over one of the sports guys over from the AM side.
Well, I'll tell you something. You know what is Ron Harrison doing there? He was so inane.
He was like hanging out there this morning. Oh, only they had a mic open for him. And it was embarrassing.
He's having so a lot. I mean, he's like on all the time. He's hanging out, really.
Yeah, you know, what can you do? And, you know, let alone Dave starving himself.
As a matter of fact, today I was listening this morning and he's, he's damaging through the garbage cans there.
He's found an old bag, a microwave popcorn from yesterday. He whipped down started showing on today.
And then he put it in. Well, I got news for you, pal. If there's any place where you'll find plenty of garbage, that's a place.
Yeah, that's pretty good. Well, I think I'd like to rate 30 in the morning.
I enjoy it over there. Over here? Yeah. Oh, it's great.
Wonderful. You're in a great environment. It's great. It's fun.
It's just everybody is friendly and they're cooperative and happy. And they're sucking up our food like it's going out of style.
It's great. They don't know from food on the air. You know, you're starting. You gotta have.
We're retraining him. All right. All right. Glad to hear. Neil, I'm sure I'll see you driving around in your area.
You know, I live right out near you. I live in the country club community. Well, good luck to you.
Yeah, put away your binoculars. Will you, pal? I'll try not to. Okay. All right. Neil. Bye-bye.
Okay. Oh, chronic. He's a good guy. But 1118 at WIOD and we'll go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yeah. This is spike. What's happening? Hey, spike. I thought you were over in your office.
Oh, it must be a different spike. Come on. I'm at my office. Oh, but you know what you need to die. What?
What are you screaming about? Oh, my screaming. Just calm down. Come down. Listen, you need to blow away a few of these people.
You know, get it. Maybe me. You know, just throw me away.
Well, he said to do it. Didn't they?
I love it. I'm 18 to WIOD. Let's give those numbers out because we had a couple of people drop off. Well, really one there.
Indeed, where we just among up and but I should give these numbers out because there are so many numbers, ma'am,
by the time you get through with these numbers, you're ready to pass out in date County 751 WIOD and brought
Broward 524 WIOD and Boken Delray 278 WIOD and in Palm Beach, Jupiter and Uranus 655 WIOD and Jacksonville.
It's called collect. Yeah, call collect. If you're out of those area, that's what always used to get me when Sandy would say,
how do the area call collection? I mean, what other possible areas could be listening?
Except a few of those schmendricks down in Monroe County, which is another story.
Does this station get into Monroe County? Sure. Of course. How the hell do you know? It has to. It's AM. It goes everywhere.
It does. Have you heard it on your pop-up toaster? That's your house. So anyway, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Good morning. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Hi, thank you. Hi, Glenn. Hi. What's up? Well, nothing I know. Anyhow, I'm the first time caller.
Wow. And first time AM listener. All right. This is number 131415, which is kind of amazing. I had to call because at the end of the month,
I turned 31. I guess that fit for me. It's over. Yeah, you're finished at the end of this month. I don't know what I'm going to do.
I mean, I wasn't depressed until like listening to the show. Then you'll fit right in with this town. Okay. You'll fit right into the woodwork.
I don't know. I might move to like my any beach or something. I went to brick oven last week too. It was great. It was excellent.
It's all your picture. You guys are awful handsome. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, you sure, but we're looking at the right picture. That's it.
Oh, okay. Well, we weren't expecting anything sensational. Have a wonderful. You've heard these calls. Okay. You do. Bye. Bye. Okay. So like I said, if you're 70 or under.
I know we do have a couple of open lines. Now I have a feeling we're exhausting our under 30 audience over here. We don't, you know,
Rome wasn't built in a day. True. That's true. I remember all those teenagers who were skipping school that we used to hear from. Well, hopefully they're in school today.
I hope not tomorrow is veterans day, right? But they don't get off from school. Do they? They do. And so we can have all those school kids calling them all.
They do have absolutely nothing to say. You should have done this tomorrow. That would be the day to do under 30.
There's those. Well, how about if we do under 20 tomorrow? Wow. You're radical. Yeah. That's what John Mitchell said. What it did for him.
We're going to miss big John. Aren't we? You bet. And at big pipe and Martha. Well, I guess those michils are doing it up in the sky.
I know. Aren't they? They're back together again. John Mitchell bit the dust yesterday and we certainly wish him all the best.
21 past 11 at W. I. O. D. and we have a call from Bay Harbor. Hello. Hi, Neil. Not every day. We get calls from Bay Harbor.
I know. Well, I tell you, you almost lost this one. I almost got hit run over by one of those vans carrying the lady to the bank. Yeah. It was really staring.
What is the CD rate today, by the way? I get to be back when I look. I'm so glad you back on AM. I used to listen to you before you went over to FM.
And you know, when you used to rant and rape for like 15 minutes and then throw up on the phone. Yeah. Those are fun. Those are fun. But now you have all these young people calling.
They don't think that much to say that is correct. And you know something when the older people call in, they have nothing to say. So it all kind of balances out.
There's got to be something in the middle. I mean, like like you know, I don't want to say that. I don't want to say that my husband is worth the name. So I got to make it good. Uh oh.
What is the thing with this thing with so many? I don't understand why people are getting so fed about it. About what?
The English only amendment. I don't understand why people are. And I don't start. We're not upset about it. We couldn't give it them. It's okay. It's all just a bunch of BS and a people in this town. If they don't have something to scream at each other about, they're not happy. Okay.
Well, I couldn't understand. You know, it seems to me that it was all right. And also this mac and the K thing. I can't believe they haven't put the window. Matt wins all just to the Mac attack. I'll go to stand it.
Now, see you were you were putting yourself down. You said you had nothing to say. And you were close. But now you're working on it. You're getting there. In fact, I think you probably have your own show on W snooze.
No, I'm terminally on the board. All these rumors about W snooze. I can't repeat them on the air, but it was incredible. Anyway, go ahead. One other thing on the actual time. I started humming it yesterday. Yeah, I'm going to play that. I just put it in the machine. Can you believe that?
I wish we have a cassette deck in there. Oh, we do have a cassette deck in there. Could we play it off the cassette that you brought in yesterday? It'll sound good. I can't get anybody to dub anything anymore, which is unfortunate. I guess I'm going to have to come in every Sunday. Like I did last week.
No, just relax rich Nick can actually get up and move from one door to one. I know it's amazing.
It's like the well here. I'll give you the whole thing back. Thank you. What's that? Is that mean the honeymoon is over? No, the honeymoon is in over. Everything's great. But it just that they've only got one production studio working and they're finishing building the other two. Everything here is brand new.
My husband dropped off some tie wraps and stuff yesterday to keep you all in some tie racks. Do you call acts? Some what?
The electric stuff to keep you radio station going. You didn't see it. I guess I didn't give it to you. You're talking about those little chords or whatever they were. I couldn't figure out what that was. That was one of the dumbest things I've ever seen.
Tell them we appreciate it. Very pleased to hear that. He's a great guy. Okay. Have a good day now. Bye. Bye. I did 1124 at W I O D. If you're missing W I O D sports talk. You're missing the sports scene in South Florida.
Sports talk every night at six right here. Now more with Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 W I O D. It's 1127 at W I O D. Neal Rogers on a Thursday.
And we understand through the grapevine that all the people released most of the people at the Wins Zeta building over there in Carroll City.
Maybe monitoring the show as we speak. So Nick, I think we got that cute up. Should we dedicate it to all the abs?
No, there are a lot of nice people over there. And I do want to say this. I should have said this yesterday. But Nancy, who is the receptionist and a good friend of ours has not been avoiding telling people where we are. That was a ugly rumor. Really? Okay.
Or maybe it was one of the nerds who was on the switchboard. Oh, yeah. Nancy doesn't have a particular party called it. But the Nancy is a great, great person. And she knows her motorcycles like nobody else. But anyway, there are a few people over there in the building and we'll just send it out for them. Okay.
I was driving down 995 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
So I wrote a song about him instead. It goes like this.
Or did you work in your whole life? Either way, it worked out fine. Okay. Kill it. Kill it. It's a little muddy. You know what I'm saying? It's a little muffled, Nick. I got the record, but the record is scratchy.
You know what? You don't play the record. You don't want to play this? Oh, we got a turntable in there. Maybe we don't have a 45 adaptors. Oh, do you have a 45 adaptors?
Oh, no, it's not going to skip or what do we got? Like an old turntable there from Edison. I don't think so. No, it should be okay. But that's muddy. I mean, I don't want to, you know,
think of it as a little muffle. It's a little muffle. Keep trying. That's one of those that you want to hear muffled or muddy or slower off speed like the cart that we got.
Man, this is a, this is a getting ponderous enough. It's getting pretty stinkin. Ponderous trying to get a good, clear copy of this. Now if anybody out there, Mitch insists that he's got our chief engineer that he's got a copy this somewhere, but he's got too many projects going on. He'll never remember to bring it in.
And we'll give it a try and record now. Excuse it's got some gauges and oh, you don't have a spindle. You don't have an adaptor. Well, maybe we can call Mike spindle and see if he'll come in here. Hold his thumb in it or something.
Okay, he's going to go get it. We'll take a couple of calls while the Nick is going to get a spindle. Okay, let's. This is incredible. I'm beginning to feel at home. Yeah, yeah, okay. Here's a leaf. I'll respire report on the Palm Beach line. Hello. You got it, Neil. Bird. How you doing? Good. This call sounds really clear and loud and crisp.
You're not muffled at all. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. First of all, I want to tell you I'm an AM convert also. Okay, that's number 16, man. We're climbing rapidly. We're getting almost as many votes as do caucus. That's pretty sad. Yeah, you can say that again. Secondly, did I hear right?
There's the best of cane on Sunday. What is that dead air? 45 seconds. Yeah, no, I must be a lot more than just that unbelievable short show, sir. You know, secondly, I thought AM was on the way back. So I decided to listen to leaf foul or yesterday. Yeah, mistake.
And what happened, sir? I'll tell you. I turned it on the first thing I heard was. Just like that. Wow. The next. The next thing I have a feeling he's not joking, either. I said part now. The next thing I heard was him criticizing Sally. She gives me fits. Oh, it's worked. No. And then he was talking about am bishop's white. See, that's why he didn't call in until the show was almost over yesterday because he was too busy writing down material. This guy, such a jerk, he's talking about these channel 10, channel 7. People up there. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure
Who is that guy? He's talking about. That is correct. Nobody up there watches those stations. They watch 7 and 12. I mean 5 and 12. He is completely eye, whose mind I'll tell you? And secondly, did you say that people at INZ might be listening? They are listening. Yeah. There's a newscaster. I call Sharon R.A. What a douchebag. Anyone that pronounces Jose Conceco as hosique. Kanesta. Sharon R.A. Who is that? Well, she's someone that would make the birds reading of the news sound like a Shakespeare play. I think she came in from Atlanta. I
think she's new
bus
how did she say it again say it one more time
uh...
opposed to hozaken sucko yeah
that's possible
well nice work sheeran or whatever the hell you're
well i'll back another month
okay take care to buy audio see you later
we got it we got our little spindle now
if you don't have a little spindle man you're in serious trouble okay
and we're gonna give it a try not to be scratches don't panic i don't want you to
get all been out of shape or doing the best we can
well i was driving down i ninety five the other night
somebody nearly cut me right off the road
i decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad
so i wrote a song about him instead
it goes like this
or even
an asshole
or did you work it your whole life
either way it worked out fine
because sheeran assholes tonight
yes you're an a s s s they show a league
and don't you try to blame it on me
you deserve all the credit
you're an asshole tonight
you were an asshole yesterday
you're an asshole tonight
i've got a feeling
you'll be an asshole the rest of your life
i was talking to your mother just the other night
i told her i thought you were an asshole
she said yes i think you're right
and all your friends are asshole
because you know them your whole life
and somebody told me you've got an asshole for life
or even an asshole
or did you work it your whole life
either way it worked out fine
because sheeran assholes tonight
okay we don't have the news department to take that personally
we are a little bit over
but April were them standing by with the WIOD news update
with the WIOD news update
check it tank tank because it was so clear
even with a scratch
let it grey
and we'll come back at eleven thirty five at WIOD
