I
You notice I didn't say the this morning captain Dave I didn't say that for the animals you can say talking heads the animals and the journey
It's a minute before nine well, I get all screwed up now Neil TA might be what now Neil told you now
I'm gonna tell you to the plants are waiting for you
This is not a good day. It's not a good day. He's wearing his unbelievable t-shirt
He's not doing anything. He's not bothering anybody. He's just saying they're looking like a freak
Now Neil's told him I told him you want to tell him that's just I mean, you know
He's he's such a good-looking kid, you know, and he comes in here with this
Looking like Frankenstein on a bad day not on a good day, but on a bad day. I mean that is that's disgusting
It's like how do we describe it like the most of his hair is his normal color, which is brown kind of long down to about
I would say three inches above his ear and then like all the sideburns and up to
Back of his head the temples like temple sign eye or whatever that is temple Beth Sholum
Are like blonde and it's like real short. Yeah, looks like a combination of Rick Springfield and the Beach Boys. Okay or something
I don't know just well now. It's like shorn the middle of his head like in shorn Cassidy. Oh
God now you don't want to look like shorn Cassidy all the girls are throwing rotten eggs out
Just getting to work. Okay. There he goes finally Davis. Now. Why are you getting this is your last day before vacation?
Why he's a great cold them? Why can't I tell him but I did it?
I didn't get all be deite and hysterical and
Say what's happening? Just do it and get the hell out. Well nothing was happening, and I just hate everybody. Okay, just can't
I guarantee you that if what's your name came in here that from Cooper City. What what was her name?
Denise long gone
Whatever the air is one of Tara one of our former buddies over in Cooper City
You'd have her sitting in a chair. You'd be farmling her and just doing all kinds of disgusting things
Well, am I right? That's true
And you wouldn't be ordering her around and giving her BDI looks okay?
He'd be ordering around but well, yeah, but not to water the plants
It's a minute after nine on Zeta 4 WZTA Miami Beach. I think I already said that in Cooper City
And here's our scoreboard while I held with some of those people in Cooper City, you know what they can just
I don't hear anyways. I don't see what and she isn't gonna be no
She's the last day. They totally shine this you went off to college and I'll stick it where the moon don't shine
They turned out most of those people to be fair weather for not all of them but most of them and a bunch of sissy's and pansies to top it all off in
The Amert bad hearing you thought we called for Johnny dark and not Johnny
These things have yeah, they do happen. So there is some pizza on the way Johnny in case you're starving again this morning
A lot of people out there wondering how John has been able to keep going out of work for so long and he knows where to hang around
He can sniff out a good meal from a hundred miles like any broadcaster, okay?
He can sniff out a good free meal from miles around but what about his little lady?
What does she do when he's like I mean he eats a lot of food here, but she's probably we can't tell you what she eats
three minutes after not on Zeta 4 and
Should we take another caller too because we got a lot of calls on the board there. Oh dear field again. Do we dare?
Yeah, dear field maybe you'll make a good promo as in Debbie does dear field
Okay, let's punch it right up there. Hello. I knew yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
I want to give you a wait a minute. See mean you're actually gonna talk to us
For me? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, there's some people in dear field just want to do things. I don't know
I want to give you the definitive and last and final
Plantation garbage back story. Okay
I'm in the wallpaper business. Mm-hmm. And I was doing that's what Hitler said to sir
That's what Hitler said to me. I was in doing a job in Jack Miranda about a year ago and I had to remove some wallpaper and
You know, it's it's a lot of a lot of waste and I asked the woman for a garbage bag and she said
I can't give you one because they cost a dollar a piece. Yeah, yeah, you live in a $300,000 house. You can't spare a buck
Yeah, unbelievable
Unbelievable. Well, look, probably I was thinking about that the other day there are probably some people out there who are thinking the same thing about me
You think of what a cheap skater. I am that I don't want to go out and pay 16 bucks a box for plantation bags
It's it's not it's just a principle of it. They really bugs me more than anything else the idea that they're gonna
Tell me what kind of garbage bag I got to use and that they're not gonna pick up my garbage if I don't use them
Well, that's the problem
You can always move from plantation. No, I don't want to do that. I love my house and I love the lake and my pool and
The cockroaches and everything you know one more thing. Yes, sir. Or is pizza places. Yeah
Tomasso is in bokeh. Okay, I'm on plant on the Palmetto Park used to 95. They are excellent great
Really good Tomasso. Tomasso. Okay. All right. Have a good one. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye
95
905 and say the Ford Dave is a very feverishly watering these plants. You've got him like terrified now
I said the same thing to him. He's going into the army and you've got him terrified
Well, it's good thing to get used to yeah, and when he finishes basic he's gonna come back and do a number on you
So what you've never seen
Exactly
They're gonna pick you apart like saw seen out of the fly. Do you know fly? Do you know what yes? I think they both the wings off
Do you know where you're gonna take basic
South Carolina oh self-care man now when is that start Dave
August 31st. He's got a whole month to go
And he had us conned into believing that he was going off to the army when he left goodbye to exactly said goodbye and good luck
He was in where?
Massachusetts where have we heard that before
He was probably hanging around with the do caucus family. Oh
Now Olympia with the Kennedys
Now just a bunch of douchebags up there. I guess we're in Massachusetts. Um garden. Oh yeah, sure
Why is where where is that near god now
Like in the middle of Massachusetts. Oh in the middle like between pits field and Boston right in the middle
Oh
Nobody lives there. Do they is that near Worcester?
Yeah, right near Worcester as you would say Worcester where they make that sauce. Yeah, they make that great Worcester
Worcestershire sauce. Yeah
Great well, that's a nice place to visit, but don't hang around there too much go now expense
Go down the Foxboro to the track man. You really lose your butt there. I'll tell you
It's dank and it's like
Oh, it's like where was it gray?
Really
Terrible here was raining and nasty and he was up there having a good time
Now he comes back and our plants by the way, you notice are still alive. Have you noticed that we're giving lots of light
We do do we
They are growing. They're almost up to the ceiling that one. Yeah, they're going crazy
And the next time you see this studio, it's gonna be all changed around. We're gonna have some real honest to got equipment in here
Well, just imagine we beat everybody into ratings with this make shift crap
BS system and a stupid little speaker phone imagine what will happen when we get real equipment
Probably be number 10
Yeah, when the callers can start here in captain Dave
Exactly, yeah, that's true when it can actually hear captain Dave it'll be shocking then
Then Ricky Tickey can say it shock radio
It'll be shocking
And what happened?
Yeah, I mean you had a wait. Well listen if you're that stupid. That's what happens to you. What it called?
And ring in the opposite. Yeah, well that was Sunday. We're not here on Sunday day
These guys these two I'm telling you too many days in Miramar that'll do it to everybody okay
So what do they think of that t-shirt by the way? Did they run around saying who the hell is that?
That unbelievable t-shirt do we have any more that? I don't think so. What do you mean you don't think so?
Well, I don't know I mean specks is still selling. Oh, yes
I was trying to make is we don't really hear very much about that anymore
We don't want that to be a flash in the pan, but you can still buy in that
Yeah, it's specs and a button from each one goes to the Camilla's house
It's a good cause and they're really sharp and they look good and all that stuff right? Mm-hmm close to three thousand or over three thousand
What people are asking if they could get me really well tell them to come down here
We like all those people from Massachusetts now are you getting agitated because that was what I don't know
You've got less than an hour than you're going to make a single. Okay. You just had that
Sour look on your face. Yeah, like the hardburns sitting here like indigestion the pizza hasn't even gotten
Delay low try that's why Dave's hanging out. He knows the pizza's coming
Yeah, oh really? Did you hear that he's got
Yeah, I haven't seen him smile at broadleast since
You guys leave me alone. Phoebe Kates came in just leave me his toe bone. Okay, you guys
I'm just sitting here. All righty. Okay
Is he coming back that'll be great then Kevin can come back just in time for just in time. Okay
Yeah, you guys come in be sure to come in and don't pay any attention to him. Okay, just ignore him
Okay, Dave good to see you get that hair straight now will you please oh he looks a mess doesn't it? Seriously
Mm-hmm see you later
All right, put a bowl over your head Dave come on
That'll do you want to do the weather yeah 40% rain chance today with a high of 90 tonight 79
It's now 84 and this is eight of four nine. I'm nearly nine after nine
For his listing today's not the day. Okay. No track. No and nothing today. It's just one of those things not the day
it's a very um
Traumatic day, isn't it
And of course we've always wondered why this room looks so topsy-turvy many a morning when we come in here
And I think we just discovered the first clue I think uh-uh
It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure out what this was used for in here, right in the core we can't describe it
But um now where'd you find that exactly behind the on the floor on the floor behind the board
What can we call that is there a sort of like behind the stadium like a small apartment in
Helendale yeah, yeah, a condominium uh-huh. Yeah, one of those
That's what it is very good
25 past nine on say to four we also found Santa
We found the combination
And you found those two there doing their acrobatic routine and the key chain got only knows what kind of a
What a day what a day
And Johnny jesus on the way any minute there gonna be a wheeling in here like crazy with pizzas that haven't been invented yet
Something to really look forward to isn't it? So I guess I'll save the record for when the pizza comes
Okay, and in the meantime, we'll talk to Tom from Hollywood. How you doing Tom? All right, how's it going?
I just say I wanted to call him say a couple things um
Number one, I listen to the show every day because I'm on the road. I sell that I sell stuff
What do you sell Tom?
Wow boy you must do big business
Right
And my dog hopped over to the dog gate and he knocked the phone out of the hand and I lost it first
I mean out of my hand and I lost it for a second. Yeah, and the first thing out of my mouth was
Well, that's important time as long as we can control your life
When you live in this town there are a lot of people who try to control your life, you know
The last thing I want to do is stop oh
Like the Gestapo
For the code enforcement like if you have the wrong type of garbage bag in front of your house
Well, come on up in here. We'll go to plant
I want to do a little pop up trailer in the front of your run. Yeah, forget it
You're put on a post and sent out a neighborhood
But um what I wanted to say awesome is
I found this show that Captain Dave was in yeah, and
I'm usually not the kind of guy to consider a prank as I get real antsy like I'm really antsy right now
Because I'm a little nervous. I don't know why because I don't see you guys, but I am
But well if you did see us you'd really be nervous
I don't know maybe but um
So the show was excellent. Okay, so this is the first time I did this
I went and saw it the next weekend and I took a friend wow
Theater major at fsu. I was just theater major by the way and so I like acting but I just hate watching people act
But
Sure
You say you stay glued to your seat and you laugh
Throughout the whole play. Yeah, I just kind of like him here in the morning you stay is glued to a seat too
Yeah, and last
Yeah, or glued to the floor one
So anyway, those are the things I wanted to say and um
Thanks for the thanks for talking to me and okay. You've been a great caller sir trust me
Okay, hey
Have a great weekend. Okay, I think you want to do something personal there
But 28 minutes after nine on zeta four and just my guess, you know
He's called somebody a douchebag or something. No, I don't mean that kind of thing personal anyway
Jim Skyler is on the 185 probably
I've been trying to ask for an apology and it's long overdue
It's probably the one-year anniversary
Is this it it could be I've been trying to get a hold him all weekend
Okay, now let's see if it's gonna be the first or the second hello the second hello Jim
Yeah, no, they never hear the first one. Hello Jim
I learned yeah every time I said the second one or something about this phone man
It's just a piece of garbage is what it is
A technical difficulty prevent us from continuing with this call
Oh my god, so what's going on Jim?
What's going on Jim?
Neil and
Glenn and Dave I just want to be the last to congratulate you on your enormous numbers
Yeah, oh listen, we've been flooded with note from stations all over town man. They just been
Climbing all over each other to congratulate us. I had a greeting card for you, but I've neglected to mail it off
I've been I've been remiss in some of my
You've been a miss. I'm probably like in a previous life. Oh could be yeah
Is it a little bit plain? I'll probably explain the whole thing better than I was in a little miss mufford right yeah
I see Jim
To make up for that I want to be the first to congratulate you on your 10 month anniversary coming up August 12
Right right that which is a day after I go on vacation which no accident by the way
And three days before that is an even bigger
anniversary
August 8th that's probably the one year anniversary of the day that you were treated so rudely
That's it
We knew it
I know it we know it that's been hanging heavily on my mind Jim
Watching to know I still feel bad about the disgusting rude and obnoxious manner in which you were treated the indifference
And apathy and so what we're going to do that did Jim we're going to go over it again step by step
It's going to take four hours and we're going to go over the whole incident again
I hope you still have the longer tape from the other end of the building. Oh no question about it
That's been preserved for the Smithsonian Institute
That'll be super out of looking forward to that so how you guys doing you guys still on the air?
Yeah, basically enough by the skin of our teeth now you guys doing okay aren't you?
Well
critically yeah
In terms of popular to claim wow
No, but things will be
Things will be looking up real soon
Just remember the wave was voted the best station in South Florida magazine okay
And I was voted the best and the worst personality so I can show you what kind of a psychotic
Skitsoid group they interview you don't know whether you're going or coming on that survey do you?
Well, I don't want to get into that
We certainly want to thank you for all your kindness is over these last two year and a half most of which we can't discuss but
A great American and a brilliant genius
Well, you know what they say like condolences along to stand that's another thing I've been remiss or amiss and yeah
Well, he's getting a royal screwing is what's happening with him and it's really a shame
But he'll show up one of these days very soon trust me you think we should have bumper stickers printed up that say
Stand don't call Steve. Yeah, that's a good idea. That's nice
Six months ago Glenn said he'd get a unbelievable button in the mail to me that day
By the way Glenn what's the deal you've been showing to me I keep leaving you these messages there
Well, you know, I've called I've tried to catch a gem
I miss you at the station and I call your house up in the
Palm Beach County and you don't have an answering machine and
I don't see I don't see I don't like that man
But see I someone calls me I return the call and if there's no answering machine you don't get credit for calling
I don't like that, you know, I call and there's just no answer
No, you don't get credit for something you don't get credit for making the call because you don't know I made the call because there's no machine
Okay, well listen this has been very exciting this last part of the call, but we don't want to get into this
Internal infernal squabbling. I know he's so darn surly. I know he's gonna see
Okay, listen to Jim
We can't but Kyle said no, so we have a
But Keith will be over to see you
Okay, you two Jim boy boy
You know it's 28 till 10 at Jim Skyler from hot 105 hot 105
By the way, is it I talked to G Michael McCay from power 96 for a minute yesterday and he said that
He wanted to congratulate us on the ratings and Bill Tanner did too. Oh, and he was speaking for Bill
Oh, congratulations on the ratings. Oh
So there are two stations that congratulate us
How about the fact that we eat on the air does that still bother him? He didn't say anything about that
I didn't get into it because I didn't want to you know
Okay, 933 on Zeta 4
27 till 10 and our next call is coming up from
Inveraer interesting where these calls are coming from today look at that in Veraay boca boca
Wow, we've had some from deer field which is really just
They don't have too many phones in deer field now. I think that was the same phone different people
That pizza to be showing up any second because boy it is getting dark and
I'm a man. Yeah, oh man. Now the puppies will find a place. They'll be under it fine
They'll come in right under the thing out here. Okay, right under that antenna. That's all it's steel antenna
Or they can hang out in Geary's office. Okay, as long as they don't smoke
Okay, our next call is an Inveraer. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Well, what can I tell you? I don't know. It's bad for a hangover. I know that much
Anyway
What's uh can I make a request? Sure go ahead. We won't play it, but what's a request?
Um the beetle medley thing the country beetle medley thing. Oh, yeah
I don't know that one time for that action sings the Beatles well
I'll tell you by the time we find that it'll probably be Monday, but better late than ever
For the serious old you got to put that on for me. I have to put it on. Yeah, it's on for a new one
Request for a good Jewish boy from filly. Oh, he's Jewish. Well, let's play it
And a rock and roll by the boot. Well, wait a minute. We got to find it now. Okay, but he's gonna find it
And let me work on it
Now just stay there now you're going on vacation. I don't want you running around here. Just rely on trying to help
Just relax take it easy. I have to let these people thought it would be in the back. You let push you around
It is in the back. I'll find it sir you just keep yenthing over there. Yeah
Yenthing oh, he wants you to talk sir
Anything
Anything on your mind, huh
I wouldn't even think of it Neil
For your talent. Well, I've got a dumb button in here. That's right
Yeah
Beaver tree quote San Francisco girl. They know you like San Francisco
I don't like San Francisco. I hate it
But have about the have of the group that fever treated you ever hear of him? Yeah, I prefer one of their albums
Is it fever tree? Uh-huh fever tree. Yeah, I remember that was a hit like one like 1968 or 69. Yeah
Yeah, I remember
New one only very
I don't know how about the nads the nads
Right, yeah, also very California sounding. That's them in the background
You're right, you know, this is nice. He's still looking
Well, he's he's looking long time trying to hear that and I didn't miss work for it. Well, he's working on it
Okay, hang on
All of this for me at this juncture now. What happened to it? I don't know
That was just a few weeks ago we played yeah
Yeah, we played it while Neil was on vacation a couple of times
Yeah, I know we take we take that whole week and we got like
14 tapes or something. Did you really?
And but they're not it's wasn't no fancy equipment or nothing and we don't know which tape the phone we
We have to listen to my over again
Wow, we need to take a break here boy. It's a hell life, isn't it? Well, we can't yet captain Dave
But he's got someone yeah, I'll tell you what during the break. I'll find it okay can do that for me. Okay. Have a great life sir
Okay, 24 to 10
I don't know where they are. There's you've been to find anything in here if your life dependent on if they had a 350 seven man
I'd find some way to sing it or something
Wow, there was something about uh
Where that ash didn't you don't make it bad. Yeah, I know it. Oh, I know how it goes
Yeah, yeah, no, I'm just like giving the little bit of
There's the ballot of Ben
Taste of it. What if that were due?
No, all bigger than life they haven't pulled that out of there yet. Let's play that before they do okay. I don't know
I don't it's gone. I don't see it yet here something now one of the odds of that happening okay
Somebody so desperate to hear some yeah, they took it out right maybe
Anyway, have we got an exciting afternoon in store for you?
Calder race course is the place where it's happening today
It's gonna be pouring like crazy a good day to get out that's gonna be a sloppy track
I'll bet you and those mutters are gonna be coming in and the fodders too and it's gonna be
Boy that's the day you get some prices trust me, okay?
And
We invite you to really enjoy a great afternoon in the air condition comfort inside where it's nice and dry and comfortable
Or if you're an idiot you can go out on the fourth floor of the clubhouse and go on the roof garden
Because it's gonna be pouring cats and dogs and you get soaked and with your own
Exactly and of course you love the food whether it's in the dining room
I have two dining rooms in the turf club or any of the snack bars and of course those great deli sandwiches that Martha makes
Up on the fourth floor and you can stop by and see Mickey too for some pizza and ice cream
Just make yourself sick, okay?
tons of great food and cash like crazy and benonat kaka maybe
Michel horse that Glenn gave you can have a great time. It's always a fun afternoon even if you lose thousands
At Calder so if you're looking for a fun time you get out to Calder post-time today is 1 p.m
Daily Wednesday through Sunday easy to get to it's right there near the datebroward line on university driver
27th Avenue or whatever the hell it is in your Joe Robby. It's right next to Joe Robby stadium
Of course, so the TV ad says go to Joe Robby stadium and turn right
Don't they say don't you think they should say on the TV ad your slogan don't they think they should use that as the Calder slogan
It's a great afternoon even if you lose thousands
And if you're a real big-time spender even if you lose million can have a ball okay. It's 22 till 10 on Zeta 4
It's unbelievable every time somebody wants to hear something we start looking and looking at it's gone
It's just vanished in an air thin air. Well, this one is not here
Believe you me. It's long gone. I know why would anybody want that with that one. Yeah, so a marginal
But maybe it's behind maybe it fell behind you think it's on the floor or wait a minute. Here's one down here
Maybe that's it. What is this? Mr. Sports. No, he can go back down there. The mister's for
Play it. Let's see what it sounds like. Okay. Let's this could be the flashback ladies and gentlemen. This is good
Let's say good morning everybody and national football league last night the New York Jet Speed Seattle 30 to 14 in the Monday night game
And with the win the jets joined the five-way scramble for the AFC Eastern Division title buffalo Indianapolis
New England and of course the dolphins and now the jets all have records of four victories and four defeats. Yeah
Mr. Sports he's still hockin away. There isn't he?
Yeah, it's that kind of material that brought us the number one rating in this market ladies and gentlemen. What does that tell you about this town?
It's gone. I know it just disappeared into a thin air. We're getting really p-o to butter. Okay. There's bathroom on the right
Think pink news bed butt head song vanna pick my nose
It's raining men stand by me the beat goes on walk on the kosher side
The gay British people read through them. We got some man
We'll use up the rest of the time. What's our pizza by the way? It's 18 to 10 maybe that was a fake Johnny G
I found it okay ladies and gentlemen were looking good and it's so hard to find it because it's got that red writing on it man
It sticks out like a sore toe
27 platinum albums every year since the Great Depression
In the largest selling recording star of all time and now for the first time ever for dead-assed in sings the Beatles
We all live in a yellow submarine. Yes, per dead-assed in sings all the timeless classics by Britain's fab four
I need somebody
Well, she'll get this monster smargin shippers lonely hearts club bang and you can forget hey dude
Don't make it bad. Yes, he's per dead-assed in country music legend along in Wyoming
This special 17 record collection available now and only through this exclusive radio offer album cover suitable for free
17-010 boy that was well worth it wasn't it
Wasn't it like everybody's gone all of a sudden like they disappeared
943 on Zeta 4 and I guess this is it just to got 17 minutes to kill all by myself everybody like took off
Maybe the pizza got here. Do you think that's possible
Now I hear rustling of paper, but that's just a news copy okay pizza's not here
Do you think that that was a put on no that wasn't a put on
That was no it was for really was reading from the menu for crying out loud okay that was one of our pals from Johnny G's but they're just
Taking a roundabout route to get here. Okay. Like by way of doval county
something like that
That's Jacksonville by the way for those of you from yeah, that was a joke those of you Nazis from Milwaukee
Anyway, it's 16-010 and just as I spoke look at that these guys how you doing?
All right, it was like a psychic moment there just as we played that thing we found it now the pizza came in everything's falling in the
Everything is like falling into place. Okay, either that or falling on the floor one or the other
Yeah, that mic is on mic the box
Why why are you doing that? Why did you swing that mic over there?
There any particular reason you want to force him to be on the air there you go and the force him to make a fool out of himself on it
Okay, hey, this would be great
You gotta cover it up because it's such that stuff works so well
Okay, let's take these and put these away
The bells of St. Mary's those are
Oh
And get to oh look at that oh, she's this rose folder maybe just what did he say there? Oh
Oh, boy, I don't think he said darn it. I think he said something else. Let's play that back very slowly. Okay, and pot it up real loud
Orc roes folder who said that by the way, I just want to mention that for the record
945 on say to four this is with the sun dried tomatoes. I got it right there at times sun dried
Oh
Chicken
Hmm what oh, that sounds really good and what else
Fantastic you're great American we thank you very much. This is Johnny G's
And he's running away with that did you bring one of the menus in there? Oh, yeah, I gotta do right there
Okay, Johnny G's gourmet pizza free delivery 937 6200
And Johnny G's is a 204 22 bisgain boulevard in north Miami Beach is some of the greatest Americans in history and their gourmet pizzas trust me
These are the I mean they got all the other stuff too, but these are so good that it's what life is all about okay
And look at that here's the guy who is definitely a cheese to death who's uh
Yeah, just lick it a little okay
Unbelievable
Well, how was it? It's always great. I'm not gonna waste any time. I'm not gonna sit here and act
This is the best model. So we're just gonna dig right in and that's screw around okay
Thanks from there
Fantastic what's the add credible? Let me say it again the address is 204 22 bisgain boulevard that's biscane in 204th in north Miami Beach
And the numbers 937
6200 for a takeout delivery Johnny G's
Hmm. Oh, you don't have any over there do you?
How come my mic was moved and everything was as Rose came in here and was diddling around with stuff
Oh, I was gone just for a second. I know. Well, does that show everything come around and they did a ride
I want to show you what we found in here
Give you an idea the kind of stuff that goes on in our studio on the floor
Haha
Probably from the i95 days, but we don't want to get into that
I've got some great stories to tell it's 13 to 10 on say that that music is just great in the background
It's okay. You don't have to put it down. That's like life. Huh?
And you for a
Tomato sundried tomatoes, okay, it's not meat. Okay
Mr. Motsaman back here. It's not meat
Is this a Motsapizza?
It's kosher tomatoes. They were grown in the hypo, okay?
Thank you the delicious garlic. Oh God. He's so Jewish isn't he?
I learned everything I know from you.
Boy is that incredible today huh?
Really great
Almost makes you want to play brudette action sings the Beatles again
Well almost I said yeah
Hmm
Hmm I forgot
So we didn't let you down kids those of you out there
I thought we were going to disappoint you
And not make gluttons and pigs out of our cell
Hmm we came through
Now what's that one that captain Davis eating?
What is that coming to?
Who was just going to have a taste of one piece? Yeah right. Mm-hmm. It's um
Pickled egg and pig feet pizza
It's great
Seriously what is that what is that? That's the chicken one. Oh the chicken with what?
Chicken with cheese? Feathers I don't know and feathers yeah and gizzards
Hmm that would be good. Hmm
Hmm what a day. Oh is that lady still on there with the tomato stirring?
Hello hi
Great and some trivia while you're eating your tomatoes you all keep talking earlier about the sun ripen sun dry
You want to know what the majority of them are?
It's scary what they do is they pick them and then they ship them off to plants where they actually gas some water
Green so they're not they're not sun ripen gas them
Tomatoes aren't anyway now. Maybe um. I don't know what he's talking about sun dried. I guess they're just I don't know what he does to those but I'm afraid to ask
I'm afraid to know no they're dried out in the sun like on the herald. You know yeah
Oh, well go ahead enjoy your tomatoes. Okay. Thanks a lot all right. Okay. I really made our day. Okay. I want to bar fall over the phone now
She was talking about sun ripen
I don't know she was talking about how they take some of them in places and they ship them off to
places where they gas them to make the green tomato is red now
Not not these looks to me like captain Dave is coming here and got in the second piece. Oh yeah
Why would we weren't even paying any attention?
That's a copy of the log you notice how he's trying to
obfuscate here
Ship the tension
Look what we found under the board
Well isn't it amazing oh we have this nice little group in here this morning
Cozy and friendly
We were alone the whole morning you can have the breakfast fall back if you like which you might be um delighted to give you that opportunity
Since we live a very chased existence
Oh
But anyway, it's 10-dil 10-on guess what that means huh?
He invented country now that's a wrong one
I'm giving you a chance to digest your whole
No, no, no, no, I thought you were gonna play that again now
Yes, LA laws executive producers Steven Boschko
At a hard time finding out about his shows 19 Emmy nominations yesterday
Boschko said he woke up at 7 a.m. California time to catch the announcements on TV
Only to discover his cable was out
So he ought to ultimately hurt it on the radio
This was in plantation was he says that winning in the past doesn't take any gloss
Gloss off the chance of winning again and Gillian got the news from a reporter's message on her home phone machine
It says the two nominations for her and Gillian story worth thrilling
A fort Wayne, Indiana man
Considered himself lucky even if the snake that bit him lived
Al Fitzwater was working on his car when he got nipped
By a startled garden snake that was snoozing under the front seat
Fitzwater said he started stomping to kill the snake hit the gas
Which drove the car into his house and started a fire
In the end the snake was still under the seat
And Fitzwater said he just shook his head
Yeah
Boy what a day that was
And by the way next time you're flying over north central Iowa
Be sure to look out the window
Because you might see Mickey Mouse looking back at you
Walt Disney's productions as you may or may not know got a farmer to plant his corn and oats in the shape of Mickey's head
Took six and a half million corn plants
And 300 acres of oats to make the profiles more than a mile from the tip of Mickey's nose to the end of his ear
Mickey mini Donald Duck and goofy will also appear at the Sheffield Iowa fair next month to help celebrate
Mickey's 60th birthday
Okay, here's your weather
partly cloudy
With scattered showers and thunderstorms now they say near the coast this morning
And over the western suburbs this afternoon is what they say, but it will be 90 degrees and rain
