First of all, Sonny gave us the grant for the committal size and I don't want to see anything bad happen
So I'm not going to be the one to circulate
Rumors unless so we can get to the bottom of them. Okay?
You follow what I'm saying. I'm sure Sonny's listening. Well, let's hear from him. Yeah, it's 11 before 11 at W I O D
and
I'm I'll use talk radio six times double
Gee, that's interesting. I think at home and now it's my fault
I didn't have the light was not on the machine
Yeah, and I punched this I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly
And it didn't play it's 10 53 7 before 11 at W I O D boy. This is gonna be one hell of a day
Is it it's gonna be one hell of a day full already?
Yeah, and then it turns out that we work
next Monday. I'll be damn
That's a holiday. It's the big holiday of the year. See there's another reason we keep telling you people don't get in this business
Yeah, that's another reason for it. There are no holidays in this business
Mm-hmm. I mean there are days when the building is so barren
That you would think they were evacuating that it was a fired roller something
but the the talent man is still on the air. Yeah, like thanks, right?
Thanksgiving Christmas
Sookas
That was the final blow for me at the other place. Well, we had to work on Sookas
I said Pete take this job and you cover man
It was rough on me too, you know, no seriously
I even had my my own personal handwritten excuse from it's hot
Come here and it didn't do a bit of good over there too many goiam and I've placed
Yeah, you're right today does suck Roger. There's a nightmare. This is like a bad dream that we're never gonna escape from
He's got a bad morning. I wasn't happy when Erie was kind of sour this morning. He's getting the flu or something
Mobile hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah, I'm doing today. Okay. This is Jeff over at the pizza lot. Hey Jeff
How are you? I'm in the middle of making your salad. Hey, that's great
Actually not with my own two hands and some on the way to work
But I have the chef working on it already and I don't know tell me you're like Michael Kane and you're making it with somebody else's hand
Okay, you ever see that movie where he gets his hand chopped off and had car accident? No, I can't
Trust me you're lucky talk the hand. Is it called a hand? Well, that's a I guess it could have been called a foot or something like that, but
Well, that's great Jeff. So anyway, we'll see you in a little bit with it. Thanks and
Thanks, thank you. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Now that's nice and
1055 at W. I. D. We have a spy report from Cox on the radio
Who I can barely hear
Get a new phone will you?
Just a muffled bad sounds like that station we used to work on
Speak up. You hear me now. Well, so to speak
He's got more
My home. Yeah, really? Oh, you're in the house now what a go out to the car in Paris, huh?
You gonna be better now just a little bit of yeah
Let's margin
Well, why don't you say something and tell you that sunny was officially not allowed under anymore officially
He's not there anymore really who's on there?
The room has a garage of one from Texas. Oh, no, not another guy from Texas. I guess that's the room anyway
Now who's this is this the lieutenant?
Maybe this is the four-fledged general the general
Wow, no sunny was it my home on Saturday really?
Oh wait a minute rumor control. There's a rumor that Sonny's going to Waxie. Have you heard anything about that?
I have heard some that but I think
Really yeah, I've heard some stuff about that
Really
Well, I'm tired of this not one man that
So to rumors about your Christmas party over there power 96 this week
Yeah, I'm holy what every time that power man every time they do something
Right away got the cops in there
And a bunch of rowdy kids going crazy and then Tanner starts giving all these disclaimers and man
You why can't you guys keep it on the computer?
That Christmas parties is that they are designed for the bar staff to play farm and it's the one time a year when you get to tell them exactly what you think
Well, maybe for you I tell them what I think every day on a show
You know
I don't think that our opinions about the ownership are much different
But you're along with the most of the time, but we don't we don't have a problem. Yeah, whatever you say done
The situation I mean right now is probably the best I've ever met
Well, that's great. I felt that way too until this morning and I just
I'm just a one of those moves. Listen. It's been nice talking to you at the same time, but have a nice day
Yeah
He received the letter on Saturday you are so distorted man. Okay. He received a letter on Saturday
Well, did he offer it or did he
I see
Well, so I guess he was dismissed. Let go
Put on
So in other words what you're saying there may be a little litigation involved there
Okay, well, that's unusual for this business in it. Okay. Good luck. You done
Good night. Bye
He's got to get a new phone. Okay with all the money he makes over there man
He should at least not seriously ought to get a phone at works goes with the two crappiest sounding phone
Yeah, I think he bought him a came art. They sounded like it. There's a great line in a movie rainman. There's a tremendous line
Dustin Hoffman who is like autistic the brother Tom Cruise's brother
Mm-hmm and they're driving from Cincinnati from the father's funeral all the way back to California and
Dustin Hoffman keeps wanting to make him turn around and go back to Cincinnati to buy him a new pair of underwear at came art
Okay, because he buys everything all his clothes at came art and toward the end of the movie
Somebody says to Dustin Hoffman now don't want you feel better when you put on your suit from came art and he says came art sucks
You have to see the whole movie. I just had tremendous seriously with all this other depressing stuff going on
In fact, if Sonny's listening go out and see it today because you probably got a little bit of time to do it
But rainman it just remains one of the best
Ever I wonder if Jack dirty likes it
Probably get a review from him because it sounded like one of his friends calling an earlier couple of calls back
Didn't okay. We have an open date if you move real quickly
751 W I O D. It's rumor Monday man the rumors are flying and there's a lot of other stuff flying too
Which we can't to describe on a year and then Steve this afternoon speaking of stuff flying and when we come back after the news
We'll figure out what it is. He's got okay
He's got something to they all yeah another contrived debate today Nick Navarro and the Joel Herschhorn with contrived stuff on a cane show on W I O D
There's Neil Rogers on new start radio 610 W I O D and now you know
The rest of the story. That's what you think okay. It's 1105 at W I O D
And we have an open line in Broward if you move like the wind
524 9463 524 W I O D now don't start cackling you get those old parts real upset again when you start cackling
Okay, and that's why it's you sound too happy
They get very very upset. I know yeah
So we got problem in this time. We got a bunch of crappy old parts and if they don't like something
They just can't go away. They're gonna change it so they think
Gonna change it come hell or high water through every tactic known to man and some that haven't been invented yet
Because they got another incredible letter which is winning the waste basket from some douchebag in Fort Lauderdale
Threatening the management me and Steve and you and your silly laughter and the Steve talking about crotch watching
There's anything that this guy likes on the station, but rather again then turning it off
And choosing to do something more productive
He's got to go through this big song and a dance and it ain't gonna do him any good okay
Not the least bit of good and I go back to what I said you imagine
I mean, I know that Howard's got you know a few nuts in New York and Greece man and all these other people all over the country
But can you imagine the Howard Stern show being changed because of a half a dozen
Lackos out there who just refused to turn it off and listen to something else and
Robin laughs as much if not more than I probably more and I've never ever heard anyone probably more with less reason
Yes at everything he says literally
And good morning that yes and apparently in New York City they like laughter
But in South Florida they hate la ha or anything that has to do with a good time or people haven't having fun
Cox didn't tell it but the powerhead their
Christmas party on Hollywood beach they returned to the crime last week. Yeah, and some old people called cops on them
Because party got a little out of the
Little two-footed time
Those sick and tired of these old farts man, you know Steve had those two shows last week with a condo
You know the Grinches that stole Christmas Hanukkah and took us all at the same time with a nine-year-old girl
Yeah, and then the people with the pets that Eleanor whatever her name was Bernstein
That hated the pets wants them out
Hmm everything you want to do in this time, man. You got a bunch of these just
Neanderthal old
Necrepid farts
That they want everybody to just be exactly like they are
Yeah, you know
Then the whole time could be on schedule, you know, we could all take our metamusel at the same time
We could all put our teeth in a glass at the same time everybody could be on schedule
I want to caution tell the story but no need to call back but maybe another day
Don't let them call back on
But another day you're gonna have a good time. I think tomorrow and Wednesday doing the show because I'm definitely getting something
That's I was scratching my throat. Uh-huh. I'm just
Drink some orange juice and take care of yourself, but if
You know everything will be fine if you drink some orange juice that ain't on my diet. Oh
He rumors
No, I just you know even Aunt Nellie's boarding house never saw so many ugly rumors
If this is true about what they did this honey if you know, it's like if it's not absolutely confirmed or is it?
No, what do you mean? No, if Don Cox just there went out on the limb. Oh, yeah, honey was it done?
Well, if that is true, then just about as bad as what they did to
To Harry Harrison up in New York City when they fired him the day before Thanksgiving. Yeah, why did Christmas time right before Christmas
We cut for you lose. Yeah, a week before Christmas
What is it with these companies that they can't wait till maybe after the holidays? I mean well wait a minute
You of all people you have to ask what is it with this business? Oh my god. Yeah
That's pretty pathetic. This is the worst business. I remember when we were at Windsor was somebody
I don't remember who was got canned on their birthday
That's nice. Yeah, happy birthday by the way you're fired. Yeah, Mary Christmas
By the way, you're fired. Yeah, it's just terrific. I think they liked it. I'm believable
Yeah, I think they're a bunch of sadist basically. I think they enjoy it. So what's the story did his contract run out?
You're asking me
When it started the whole damn rumor
Now the truth comes out the man comes on the show starts a rumor and now he admits you didn't know a damn thing
I just heard it from somebody up north that that he was looking around
You know because maybe he got the vibe that he was not going to get picked up
I don't understand it because he did very well for a long time over there
I mean yeah, they had their ups and downs, but the whole station had their ups and downs. Yeah, but he did he did well
That's he did. I think the first clue is one that what is a channel 69
Quick carrying the morning show about a week ago. Oh
Yeah, I know that
Well, I'm sure that there were least least 15 20 people watching
Yeah
Well, I was it. I just just
Disgusted by the business once again. Sorry. I had to call up and vent my hostility here
So in other words in other words today you would admit that you're not in the business
What?
I say today based on the way that you just express yourself you would admit that you are not connected with the business
As opposed to last week when you went through this big song at the dance trying to deny it
Well, I own a radio station
Doesn't make any difference. It's up there in a boondocks of Maine somewhere
It's in a city that's not even on the map
It's a huge radio station. Yeah
Big is this room right as big as this studio
Hey, it's a start everybody's gonna start somewhere. That is correct. Well, it's nice to own your own station
Well, I'm checking it out with amacosey what I can do
All right, well if I don't talk to you happy holiday while the same to you happy happy man everybody's happy
Everybody's ready to blow their brains out. I sure hope they don't make you work on Monday. That would be rude
They don't understand they've already told us you'll land a student the window and she lifted her arm in the Italian salute instead
You guys are working Monday, okay? Is that the same you're the used to be the music director years ago
She's been here for 28 years. Okay, that's right. He has been everything and like I said the only thing she hasn't done is her own show
And next Monday great data start man
You'll land a parapar show and to a w i o d Monday only that's incredible. She's been there that long yeah
Yeah, well, there's no rest for the wicked. Okay, but I did find out during the last a few traumatic minutes that they are gonna
Squeeze me into that production room one night this week. Yes, we're not exactly sure when yet
But they're gonna give me a couple hours of their valuable time and I'm gonna get to do this thing
Did he bring the I'm this thing over with you?
Yeah, because when when these things happen like what happened to sunny
I just think of what I must did on oh no, we don't have that where he's talking about Harry Harrison
Yeah, we had no no we didn't bring that over and we still are waiting for freeway and spigot by the way
Yeah, I saw mine
What does that mean although that's where you said they don't have it anymore? Yeah
God love to hear it. I mean, you know you said how great it is. I've never heard it
Yeah, well somebody in the I'm sure somebody in this audience has got it. Okay, the only problem is now opening up a tape
Oh, man, you don't know what's in these if you could see the mail here today you would pass out on the floor
I mean, it's mind-boggling. I should be down there helping you out with this stuff. Exactly. Yeah, what the hell are you doing?
Last in a Christmas shopping. Yeah, you don't like me story. No, you know what's irritating? What's irritating?
These people advertise things to stay all in these flyers
And then you go to the store and they don't have it by the way when's the last time you got on Delta?
Oh, I now I disagree with you. I like Delta. Well good luck to you. Okay. I always knew there was something in your past
Personality that I didn't like too much. Okay. Well, I can't agree with you on everything
I've had bad experiences with Eastern. I've never had a bad experience with Eastern Eastern to me has been as close to perfect
in fact when I went to Hawaii
I flew the first time I'm talking about this is about four or five years ago and I flew the first part to Denver
Don't ever fly at a Denver man on Delta because Denver that airport is like
It's impossible. They're like they're loading ten different planes at the same time at the same gate, you know
I mean, it's in it's so congested. It's brutal.
sat on the ground an hour and a half on one plane got put on another plane sat in the ground an hour and a half
That one had another technical malfunction
They finally put us on a third plane on a different airline to Ontario, California
Bus does to Los Angeles put us up in a flea bag hotel overnight
And then the next day I got on Eastern for the last leg of my trip to Hawaii and it was it was paradise man
And the food was even great. It was like a whole different experience
Yeah, I had one bad experience with the Eastern but I've never had a bad experience with Delta
So I don't know yeah, well those are the two times you flew I guess
No, I fly a lot and I always take Delta if I get a chance but you know, you just got unlucky with them
Yeah several several times. I mean just a succession of bad luck
Remember people look for a bird of paradise lands on their wing. Do you remember people express? Yeah, that was that was a classic airline
Haha, assed tens. Yeah, well listen. It's been real uplifting talking to the odd. Ha ha ha
Well, I think it's depressing. I mean I can't believe that they would do that Tillma week before Christmas
Well believe it no
Mary Christmas everybody. Oh hey. Oh, oh, oh
Hi, so 1124 WIOD you're happiness stationed for the holiday season and we'll be right back
I put those two cards of cassettes in my office on Friday
And today I don't I couldn't open up the door. They've multiplied
Please get that master Neil. I'm getting very nervous. I don't know if I'm coming in here tomorrow night
And I've just been told by the powers that they over at the Gator radio station here the animals over there
That's tomorrow night hopefully from 7 p.m. On I can be in there for a little while and because it's not just that that I got to do
I got all this stuff for the show right you know
I don't know how you do a one is radio station if you don't have a chance to go in and do your stuff
You know I've got tons of stuff that's got to be done and then of course somebody said to me something
about you well you know on the weekend it's pretty open and I said yeah right good luck you
Pound not coming back here on the weekend anymore did that twice and that was enough for me
Well if you do it thankfully since we have to work on Christmas day next Monday
Oh boy there is no chance that I'm gonna be here on Sunday okay well you never are
nine maybe I'll pop in on Wednesday and try to get try to get a make some
Inroads anyway but that's something I'll see you in the background what what's that how's your diet coming rich
Oh it's so far so good I don't know I'll wait I'll wait on Thursday and I'll be just as surprised as you will
Great how's yours doing Neil and why do you say it like that because I'm gonna have a salad from pizza
Loft today so that that means I'm going off what do you want me to tell you how many olives are gonna be in it right okay
Neil see on Wednesday bye bye
Boy what a day huh what a day
Soon as Roger said that when we came in we should turn right around and walked out and we didn't pay any attention to him
Let's try this mobile in Broward this ought to be real interesting hello. Yeah, I've been holding up for 24 minutes
Well, why don't you let go sir the blood circulate a lot better
Oh, if I let go I don't know I never find it again. By the way hi bird he's talking about the steering wheel of course
I don't want to have the road
Neil I don't want to get this guy in for a lottery a lot of said who sent us his letter postmarked Miami by the way go ahead sir
Listen I drive for UPS and Sunday I was not excuse me that or that or the I was driving up from Miami to Orlando
That's my route. Yeah, and I happened to turn to an into WJNO
Huh and there was this guy sitting in for Lee's bowler's name is
His name is Jeff Charles. Yeah, we saw that in the paper today actually made the newspaper and that exciting
Well, I'll tell you what I record it in a tape and I'm mailing to you. He would no sir sir. Don't do it
I'm not interested he was ripping you I couldn't care less what he who he rips the problem with Jeff Charles's he didn't have a job
That's why he's ripping okay, but the thing that got to me why he filled in for Steve on this station when Steve was away for three days
Are you serious and he was supposed to fill in for all three days and after the first day he was not invited to come back
Merry Christmas. He was uninvited back
That should give you a little tip off on Jeff Charles, okay?
Well, and he was ripping the Camilla's house. He said that's a good thing you're doing
But he said those bombs there should have gone and get a job the ones that aren't able to work
I don't I don't want to dignify him by repeating the kind of
Craft of his fuse on the ear, okay? Okay, listen
Did you ever get to see that that Howard Stern tape? Yeah, terrible. Okay, you had a couple of moments
But the generally speaking it was pretty howard is great on radio. He's never gonna make it on TV
He has been gonna do more TV shows than eight ten people I know put again. It's never gonna happen
It's not a TV person. I was last week. I was up in New York. We were visiting our folks up in Rochester and
We went down through New York City and we stopped at Macy's and that does at the start of the tape
Remember that girl that kind of plays horse the autumn. Yeah, she works there. She's she worked in the cosmetics department
We all got two meter over there great
She was signing autographs and all that I guess that that that made her pretty pretty famous there Neil evidently
Yeah, so okay, you all take care and nice to see you and nice seeing you. I guess I'll talk to you next your booth
Okay, bye
Very very strange. I smell a solder do you yeah, it's not really growing are they world? That's right
They're working over there. I it's amazing. I have a second smell and I can sniff that stuff a mile away. I can't
Yeah, I spell it now now I know you do you know that I've planted the seeds in your brain you being so
You know I wouldn't impressionable. Yeah, right? We have an open line in Broward at five two four W I O D
well
Okay, first I have a little announcement to make ladies and gentlemen and we hope that Bill Mullin in our
W I O D sales department is listening now and
That this might penetrate his ears
It seems that the last several days of but last week and then again today I've been promoting enthusiastically and heartily the
Grand opening of the Margate location of char hut
Oh, no, it also seems that there was a message from our good friends at char hut and thank God they are good friends
That Mr. Mullin evidently their Mr. Miss placed or a wiped his earlobe with or something happened and the Margate
Grand opening is postponed until January and
Then we get that exciting message about the char hut in Margate and Bill Mullins what a day perfect day to get
Bit right busy filming Southern Comfort Part 2 as we speak
See that that's what bothers me and I've seen this in a lot of places and this is evidently no exception
When the holidays come
Everybody like drops everything and a lot of a lot of them loose strings
You know what I'm talking about a lot of loose ends wind up all over the place and all over the floor
And you wind up stepping on them and stepping on each other because people are more involved in
Not working
And all the other chaserae that goes along with this time of the year
Then they are in getting their stuff together to compare this. We got a delta story on fine now
They're gone. I see what is that all about. I was gonna put them right on at the head of the line and they disappeared
mobile
Hello, yeah
What do you mean by that? Well, uh right now when you when you when you punched the button
A bunch of static and a delay of a couple seconds
What do you mean a delay of a couple of seconds run and we're on a delay on the radio? What are you talking?
Now you sound fine
I've got a feeling there's something screwed up with this time today
It's getting pretty stinkin ponderous feeling
Yeah, people getting cut off and people on here maybe in the phone company or maybe in your place or maybe these old bags
Haha who knows but there's nothing fishy going on
Who's after
Yeah, he says you're wine. I thought he's right. Why is it just now?
I'm not wine. I'm just telling it truth. There's something wrong today. I've been listening to you
Since you got back on a amp and there is something definitely
I'm gonna tell you sir. There is no debate. There is something screwy here today. That is for damn sure
And I hope you don't get it called my kid wants to say hello to you
Hi, my laddans. Hello
How you doing? My amy. Oh great
Well, how you doing? Great. Don't ask it one more time. Huh? How old are you now?
I would you like to live to be six? No
Okay
130 at W I O D and let's go to my amy. Hello
Hi Neil. Enjoy the program. How are you?
I'm glad somebody is I'm a suffering miserably sir. I'm ready to blow my brains out. I'll make it as quick as possible. I
Neil Roger story in public. I
Don't know what you call you. You have the term Yanta for elderly Jewish lady is that correct sir?
No, Yanta doesn't have to be Jewish. It's a Yiddish expression
But Yanta can be anybody who's just a big gossip. Okay, so it would also pertain to the men sure sure
I'm standing aligned the other day in the company. Yanti. Yeah, I'm standing aligned in public the other day
I know as usual had my
Weeks supply of food. There was a little guy and back me with his wife both both very silver hair
The lady in front of me was reading one of those national scoundrel rags and just moved up a little bit
And I didn't move up. There was a like a person link between my
Cart and the people ahead of us. Well the guy says he says who wanted you move up already
You know, and I said well, you know, I pushed my cart, but I didn't move at all. I said you happy with that
He says yeah, he says
There's something to the effect of all these people all like these youngsters. We can't stand it. Oh, they should give us our own supermarket
Oh god, and I don't even think and you know, I just wanted to get alive any sluts. It's his eyes should have known
He listens to that not see Neil Roger
Terrific. You believe it. Yes, I do say and this is public and you know what he made such a stink about this now
The manager heard what was going on. He came over and opened up a special line
So this guy can pay for his nights worth of food
Metamusel yeah, yeah, it's doubtfully gonna live through the night to eat the food. That's why you buy the one day at a time
So it's incredible and just and passing. I like to say something about the Knollis house
I'm a police officer with Dave County
In many many times over the past couple of years
They have always given us the extreme consideration cooperation and we've come across people who have been stranded for one reason another and brother
Paul it's then exceptional and I just I played with everybody don't have the hearts and the holidays because they do it to
The home. Yeah, they sure do thanks a lot. Yes, I appreciate it. Good day
132 at WIO D we have an open line in date if you move like the wind like lightning like
Some kind of a lunatic in heat
751
9463 that 751 WIO D will go to antenna. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Um, I just wanted to talk to you about how you have to work all the time or you're working on Christmas
Yeah, I've been working the last four years. I've worked
Every holiday that there's been a work in a restaurant
And I've worked I've worked Christmas and you're getting pretty sick and tired of it, aren't you, sir?
Yeah, very
Well, if I were you I'd walk in here you could work today later. Yeah, I'd work while I'd go in here today and tell them to drop dead
I don't know. Okay, then you can spend the holidays with us. You can come over here and hang out your spare time
Maybe I have to work, but yeah, well, it's a rough world, sir. There are some people just with no heart
Yeah, right? Yeah
Every holiday. Okay. Well, listen, we'll be looking for you next two Mondays
And I know Steve will especially be looking for your company because he is apoplectic about this in fact
I think we may have to take some action
We may have to do something really dire about this and solve the problem, you know, I go on strike
Hmm, hmm, hmm. He's upset. Yeah, he is forming at the mouth
I think he may have Nick Navarro do something about this
134 WIO D little news update coming up and we'll come right back
Oh, yeah, whoa. Yes, sir. Neil. Is there a little delay there, sir? Huh?
Oh boy, we really needed we needed a good comedian like you today, sir
To brighten up our day. Are we all smart as like you? How the hell are you doing? Oh terrific
Well, I'd like to say hi to the bird
Unbelievable. You're your fabulous bird. Thank you
You gotta send Neil on vacation more off. Okay, that sounds good to me, sir
I'll be happy to start tomorrow. That sounds great. Hey, I'm well
You're not complaining. Are you? No, okay
Um
By the way
Right off. I'd like to say I saw the movie
What a fabulous movie. Rainman. Rainman. Yeah, it's great
It is tremendous. It's one of the best I've ever seen. Oh unbelievable
Okay, we have a little conference about that log now. Huh? Okay, please let's not do that anymore
Okay, we'll forgive her today. I mean she can make a mistake. She's only human
But we don't do them twice in the same hour where we got all these other ones in there
You know what I'm saying? Let's spread them out a little bit. Okay. My mind can only do so many things
Neil go ahead, sir
I'm getting very emotional I'm about ready to have a nervous breakdown right on the air
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking
I'm sorry. I mean you don't know. Neither Nick is getting hollered at okay now
They're screaming and getting hysterical. Oh right to the chin. Nick is bleeding
Go ahead
Well, that's your line. I told you I want
Oh, it's just that there's some other stuff on the log that nothing belong on this show today
I understand it's a holidays. There's a lot of pressure that wild party the other night
We understand they split some goodies in the you know beverages
Go ahead sir. We got a little uh a pipe that is correct. Okay, that's cool. Well the movie. I want to
What is that? Sorry, I started choking on something
Um
Up anyway, it's 20 till two. Thank you at W. I. I don't understand you
I mean because I'm not really paying much attention
But I'm at least keeping a half an ear open so that you know, well, I am paying attention
You know what I mean the frightening thing
Yeah, I've been able to follow all yeah, this is gonna make you feel better. Okay. This call is nuts. Yes. It's from Bell Glade
Hello, good day, sir. Yes, sir. How are you sir great? So
When it was you know first of all that until time you came to W. I. D. I'd never heard you before but I enjoy your show very much
Thank you very much. I also got an old file report from Oak, Chovy
I'm called from Delgoye but I really live in Oak, Chovy. Well, that's your problem. Yeah, I know
Being a whole lot of people
No, the a couple of weeks ago in the
Oak, Chovy news if you can believe even have a newspaper out there
There was one of the local residents wrote in to complain about the old parts to come out
He has come down every winter to
The patient whatever it is they do yeah
Complaining you about this now about the but the biggest thing she was dwelling on was the how slow they drive
Well about two days later because the paper only comes out every three days
Uh, one of them responded and this is just exactly what they said
They said the reason we drive so slow is because we don't see well
Yeah, yeah, that's true. That's true like not more than two three feet in front of them and no peripheral vision at all
No, it's matter as matter of fact I want to tell you a little story my mother has a lady friend who's about 85
And this woman just went to the
driver's license bureau to get her license renewed and she took the eye test and barely passed it
And they gave her a full six-year renewals till when she's 91
And this is a woman who has virtually no peripheral vision whatsoever
Her night vision is virtually non-existent and she's got a six-year license to go out there and murder anybody she runs into
Oh, the last time I got my license renewed there was a guy I had to have been at least 90 with standing in line in front of me he couldn't read
What what he had to read they let him call his wife up and
To leave my hand reading the card so they could tell so if he kiddos license renewed and then he went out and got the car to drove away
Oh beautiful
Okay, right? Yeah, no, no, not not only in Okachoby sir all over South Florida as part of the Florida syndrome
Oh, really but I just want to let you are I enjoy your show
I have to admit the first day the first day you're on Steve Keane show when before you came there
I didn't think I was going I didn't think I was going to like you. I thought you were rude and obnoxious and everything and you still are but shows great
That's correct. That's that's the idea. Well, listen have a great day up there you two sir. Bye
Okay, now Paul Jr. This is your last chance. What are they talking about rude and obnoxious?
Any idea
Listen I turn on I would be now before you go ahead since you've been on here so much anyway waiting another moment
We'll make any different now see I like having everywhere else I have ever worked doing a talk show
I've had my own copy of the log for the hours that I'm on the air right and I see here
They don't do that they don't give you the copy of the pages because they want you to be like the prisoner of
Roger and Nick in there so that they can manipulate
I like to be able to look ahead. I don't like surprises. Okay
Like that one
That one hotel chain that's a no surprises. I don't like surprises
So I like to be able to look at the whole log and see how it's laid out and whether maybe there might be something to be changed around as opposed to coming
To like a dead end, you know what I mean? Like that road that Zeta's on to they turn the corner on a dead end street
And then finding that it's too late to do anything like a Cornelius brothers and sister Rose said it's too late to turn back now
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it is a good song
Anyway, well, it's kind of like and it's not the Cornelius brothers. It's Cornelius brothers
Right, but everybody know that no they don't huh. I hear these idiot jock saying oh here are the Cornelius brothers
There are no Cornelius brothers and if there are any Cornelius brothers, they're not on that record
Speaking of idiots. Yes
The Smollion I called I turned into
Reniri to listen to Shulis. Come on now. Don't do that when you cut it. I'm gonna hang up on your
Listen listen listen. No, it's nothing to do with Reniri. I call to listen to Shulis show this morning and guess who called to give the time in the weather
Soon as I flick the channel on it with Ed
Reniri was talking to Ed
Is that something newer that's something that goes on all the time good day?
I
Don't know
Listen, it's not something new. Ed has been calling lately. He calls Reniri all the time
There's nobody else's it's a crazy enough to put them on
In fact, I heard this morning a lot you know you hear Mike on there and you hear Gil Seagull
I don't know where Reniri story is but the sunny better get back from Gainesville and Hawaii. I started that right now
Friday we're talking about that witch at the Tobus
No, I didn't say she was a witch. Well whatever. No, she's not a witch at all. She's just not interested in doing her job
She's interested in being a Yento. I think Yento would be a better word than witch
She had her back to me Friday the same day. She had the cards like she had playing cards exactly
She wouldn't let him go. You know, I try to get through there as fast as I can and though she would not let it go
I drove through it. It slipped out of my hand. She is not in the least that interested in giving you that toll card
She's having a conversation with a young lady that works on the other side and they're talking about their personal lives and their dates and this and that and they're just
Carrying a hot going to try to come out nonsense
Yeah, and she and doing her job and I wish somebody would tell her at least at least make it look good at least face toward the traffic
So it looked like she's somewhat interested in giving the cards out
Well, they got an interesting they got a new guy working there. His name is Doug Rayboard. He's working the second booth
You may want to take a look at him. Oh now come on you what are you doing that for what do you mean? I may want to take a look at
Well, he listens he listens to what about it. Why do I want to take a look at he's at least nice
President
Good day
And I thought that was going to be an improvement me too. Oh really he's he's out of control. He really is now
He needs to be rested. He does he's got to be sent to the bullpen
And rest for at least at least till after the new year. Yeah, okay. What is the day today the 19th? Yeah
No more Paul till after the new year you got to be a aired out being called ordinary
I don't care who he calls, but not this show. Okay, you can call Jeff Charles for like here good. We can call Jeff
What's his name from that corny quiz show
corny quiz that's out of KFI from West Palm Beach Jeff
You know who I'm talking about that old hack who's been in all those corny
Quishoes
Jeff
Jeff
Oh Jeff oh Jeff
GE OFF Oh that Jeff
Oh, I don't know jackpot. He was on jackpot. Oh, that other guy with the code. Oh, you mean Jeff GE OFF
Don't you know who I'm talking about? I think so
He's from West Palm Beach. He's terrible
He's on our sister in law station KFI in Los Angeles. Yeah Jeff
Jeff
Ha ha ha
Somebody's got to call in and tell us the last name. I'm going to go nuts. Oh Jeff
Oh my head all right while we're thinking about that we have an excellent call in date here. Hello. Yeah
Hello. Hello. Yes. Are you
Boy, I think you are
Well, see if I were a psychic I would have some way of knowing
My name is Grace Rogers. Your name is Grace Rogers? Yes, I'm a Roger
Oh, isn't that great. Well, that's not my real name. So I don't think we're really
But you know you're crazy. Yeah
Well, I like your craziness, but in a point yeah in a point yeah
To a point not in a point. Oh, you said in a point. So I assume that that's what you meant
Because you know, I met you in the
Pantry pride a couple of weeks ago. No, you didn't meet me in pantry pride dear. I don't shop in pantry pride
I'm
Not on the 41st street. No, yes you are
Pantry pride. Yeah, okay, whatever you say. Yeah, yeah
You know, I like you at a point in pantry pride. Yes, but you know, I shop there all the time
Yeah, I'm listening here. Don't wrickles. You're not yeah, I know
What is it that you want? What is really the point since you said?
I don't really care whether you like it or not okay
I know you don't you're not interested in the least and the audience put the theory
Oh, this must be one of those classy ladies in the audience shut up. Oh
Yes, getting a little test. I told to you and I said I enjoy your program and that's obvious. Yeah
Yes, and you said I'm having fun. Yeah, I am too sure. Okay. It sounds like it. Yeah shut up, but shut up
No, listen to me
Can I say something to you? Yes, I love you. No, oh yeah, it's obvious. Yeah
Shut up
Can I ask you something? Yes, I agree. How long have you been? Yeah, and I'm a moisture puppet. Okay
Now how long have you been undergoing psychiatric?
Not really no, well, I think now would be a good time
Good day
Oh
That was wonderful now didn't I tell you that would get you out of that deep depression that you were in great
I'm back. I'm back. And I'll see you get it pantry pride grace. I thought pantry pride was out of business
Didn't you? Are they got a couple left? I got you got me on
livable race
Okay, maybe she ran into fat rich, huh? I don't think you know shots at pantry pride
