The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, our new stock radio 610WIOD.
I want, knees are there, knees are there, knees are there, who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, I want, miss, I'll be missed, I'll be missed, I'll be who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, when all of the other silver driving me bananas.
Ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, he's got the greatest show for four things to her ban.
Oh, when ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, I want, miss, I'll be missed, I'll be who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, I want, miss, I'll be who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, lots of people bringing in the foodie loves.
Ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, like six puts seven puts eight puts theves.
Ten o'clock come I got to Listen to me, I want, I want, miss, I'll be missed, I'll be who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, I want, I want, miss, I'll be missed, I'll be who?
When ten o'clock come I got to listen to me, I want, I want, my, all of the silver driving me bananas.
han here.. densityig it..
There, here, here, here's, uh, mark?
Good boy, tha-
Good boy, tha-
Ha-hmm, oh, oh
Then, one thing here….
Paaaaa..
Yeah, you know what they say, don't you?
Huh?
What goes around comes around?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Next slide, me right?
I think there are a lot of fun liquors out there.
There are a lot of fun liquors out there.
I think there are a lot of fun liquors out there.
Me right.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags with all their advice?
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
I'm OK.
Doose bags.
Doose bags.
Doose bags with all their advice.
Doose bags.
Eeeemh!
Hey Elud, time is
What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? Anything you want to enjoy is again the law.
Okay, it's 11.08 at W.I.O.D., but that's a real masterpiece. That's something that will end there.
The anals of broadcast history for a long time.
It's great. And the mail is here and Rich is having an nervous breakdown.
He's actually crumbling before our very eyes. There are at least two cartons of mail here today.
Most of them tapes with checks. And I would say we did pretty well today.
Now what do we have? We had 20,669. So we need about 4,300 today in Amar-O-Lalat.
It's going to be tough to make 25,000. Nothing went surprised me at this point.
Anyway, we were speaking earlier to Nick and he said that he would make up the difference whatever it is.
So if we fall at 1,500,000, sure, no problem.
Okay, let's start in sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Happy holidays to you and the bird. I was saying to you.
I love your show. You guys are terrific.
I know.
I live in sunrise now and I'm trying to get out of this blue-hit town. Please.
Oh, it is such a sad state of the city. I'm a couple of locks from the lakes.
A couple of locks?
Oh, no. You don't know what I know. I have got to get out of here.
So what do I do? I go take a ride out to Pemberpine and I'm looking at these houses in the middle of nowhere.
They call it chapel trails. They're not kidding.
I figured that's far enough away from sentry village. From sunrise lakes I can be alone.
Let me go check it out. So they have nice homes. Everything's peachy.
I said before I move here, let me go to one of their city commission meetings.
Because you know how sunrise is. I don't want anything remotely similar.
So I go to Pemberpine City Commission meeting last night and bring dead Creetans.
It's not the word. These elected officials are an embarrassment to society.
Nobody knew what was going on. It was a three-ring circus and ringleader was Mayor Flanagan.
Three-ringed Sookers, huh?
Oh my God. What a fear.
Why don't you come live in beautiful plantation with those of a civilized folks?
Is that where I need to come? I don't know. It's too close to sunrise.
No, no. I'll just don't venture north of Sunrise Boulevard.
That's all. We got a beautiful new pubics there on Cleary Boulevard and everything is wonderful.
The one on Nod Hill Road there.
Whatever it is, Yanab Hill.
Okay. That discivilized out that you're sure.
Yes, it's great.
We will have a few 90-year-old bag boys but nothing is perfect.
Oh my God. Well, I'm going to have to take a look because I have renamed Pemberpine's Pemberpines Pemberpines and I really can't handle this.
This is ridiculous. I mean, it was unbelievable.
Yeah. Have you ever watched Pemberpines Pemberpines?
I lived in Pemberpines for two years so I'm not unfamiliar.
Although I lived there were all young people. We used to throw the old people out.
Oh, God.
We saw anybody over 30. We'd put them on a bus.
Well, the plantations were happening, huh?
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
You know, we got the new Macy's shopping center and a brownered mall and, you know...
Again, I hear they're building something with floorgrass mall that's going to be...
The floorgrass, yeah, with a lot of frogs in it, yeah.
No, they are. That's on our West Sunrise.
Yes, it's supposed to be the biggest mall in the south's eastern portion of the continent.
That is correct. We just loads this stuff.
We just need another mall. We've got this fashion mall.
And a few more strip shopping centers would be good too.
Yes, of course.
Now, check it out. I'm telling you. Plantation is where it's at.
Okay. Well, if you say so, Neil, I'm going to look into that.
I thought it was too close to sunrise so I wanted to go farther away.
No, no, we're putting up a wall anyway starting after the holidays.
Okay, good. Tell me when you're going to start building.
I'll come out there with my construction uniform.
Okay, good luck to you, dear.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
A lot of people bet the lottery.
A lot.
Not too many wins.
Oh!
Hi, this is Michael Jackson.
I just want to say hi to all my fans.
I love each and every one of you.
And I want you to know that I gained ten pounds.
Yeah, it's right now. I weigh 53.
Well, Indole, be happy to hear that.
It's 1114 at WIOD.
And I want to thank Larry and Diane and Jensen Beats,
$300 check for Kamala's house.
Gosh.
Unbelievable. And they've got a great line in here.
It says the number one rule for condo living is it's easier to get forgiveness than it is to get permission.
Which I think speaks for itself, right?
Okay, it's quarter after 11. Steve will be along at two.
I have no idea what he's doing.
I don't have any of my sheets out today.
I feel like a naked clansman.
My sheets are all someplace else.
Is he got a guest today?
Nick is looking at the house.
He does. He does have a guest.
He's bringing it in here, which is really going to be ponderous by the time it gets in here.
Well, I can't wait.
But it's important, okay?
In fact, oh, I know what it is.
Today is one of those atheists.
No, it is.
A Reverend Dwight Porter, who's only been on the show 400 times this month.
And atheist John O'Neill.
And it says on the sheet here, an atheist debate just in time for Christmas.
And then on sports talk, and the six o'clock hour sunny, you'll be on live from Hawaii.
Hmm.
Now, let's see.
That means it's, that's okay, because it'll be around noon.
Mm-hmm.
Out there, it's six hours different.
And then at seven o'clock, Joe will be here with Gary Stevens, the guru of U of M's offense.
What a way to put it.
So that's coming up at six tenths.
All right, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Um, you show is really great.
I love it.
I know.
Except one thing.
Your sidekick's a real pot.
He does the worst Ed McMahon impressions I've ever seen.
Ho, ho, ho.
You know what I mean?
If I kill him.
Well, I'll tell you what, you know, when you have your own show, you have any sidekick you want on.
Yeah, but I'm saying he can't, he contributes nothing to your show.
Your show would be a lot better with a better sidekick.
Sorry, but.
You're talking to the sidekick right now, face to face.
Don't talk about me like I'm the third person, huh?
Phone to phone.
Okay.
Phone to phone, yeah.
Well, um.
All you do is laugh.
Well, uh, do you think you could do better?
Better job.
You know, a kneel's not here like when he goes on vacation or he's sick.
Like I do the show myself.
Would you like to do that?
Here we go.
Huh?
Personally, that's not my field of interest.
Uh-huh, then why are you criticizing me then?
Because when he is there, you contribute nothing.
Boy, what a Christmas spirit this guy is in.
Well, thanks a lot for your real, uh, a helpful suggestion.
Can I contribute more to the show and you'll be a lot better?
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
How old are you?
21.
No.
Yeah.
21.
What's your first name?
Huh?
Wait, what?
What's your first name?
Frankie?
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay, Frankie.
You've been a real help.
Yeah, there he goes.
Sheer, I couldn't figure out I was a guy or a girl.
I think it was a girl.
It sounded like a girl to me.
Well, that's why I asked the name and I thought they would clear it up and I was Frankie and I.
Frankie and I.
Frankie, I.E.
Obviously, it was a girl.
That's a girl if I ever heard a girl.
Even if it is a guy, it's a girl.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I understand.
No question.
Wellington, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing today?
Just great.
I'm a pulled.
You're a pulled?
I'm a pulled.
I cannot believe this.
I went through the pole plaza at Lake Worth and the lady gave me my 20 cents change in pennies.
Well, that was probably a little Christmas gift for you, sir.
I cannot handle this.
This is not right.
I demand my freedom.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you.
Well, okay.
Also, a bird.
How you doing?
Just if you get out of that God for a second, everybody wants to go to Lake Worth anyway.
Need serious help.
You're not going to blow your brains out, are you?
No, I'm not.
I'm definitely coming back to Miami where I belong.
Okay.
Well, where are you belonging, Miami?
Look at this.
We've honored Reagan's door mat.
Well, that's cute.
That's cute.
Bird, how you doing?
Well, fine.
Fine.
Neil, a few weeks back, I'm just being reading chords with the other stations.
Means a million and one.
Things you have to read real quick.
With their old classic rock and roll.
Yeah.
Hey, the new billboards are.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
With the new billboards are up, they finally got my name off their station.
Thank God.
God.
And the one that I saw on I-95, you can't even see the Zeta.
I mean, most of it is off.
Seriously, it's off the billboard.
That's good.
You only have three half of that time because it was unfortunate that I was sitting on a stoplight.
And if you read it, you'll see Elton John's name twice.
You'll see the doors twice.
You'll see the doors twice.
You'll see the doors.
Well, that's because they play such a limited number of artists.
They couldn't fill up the whole billboard.
They must be a real bunch of douchebags over there.
That is correct.
With a couple of exceptions.
There are a couple of nice people over there, but they'll get out.
OK.
One last thing, Neil.
Yeah.
Good day.
OK.
Excellent call.
1119 at WIOD.
Yesterday I had a great experience on the turnpike speaking of that getting off at the sunrise exit.
Or, no, getting my ticket.
I'm sorry.
When I got on at the Golden Glades Interchange, the young blonde lady was not there.
Boy, are you luck.
Her sidekick.
The one that she always talks to, she was there.
And she was actually facing the motorists.
And she was handing out the tickets very quickly.
And the act of like she knew what she was doing.
You mean the one who usually just laughs?
The idiot who just laughs and has nothing to show.
And I said to her, you better get a new sidekick.
Because that sidekick a year is that nothing to your show.
And she said, well, maybe that's your opinion.
And I said, are you a girl or a gun?
That's for you to figure out.
And I said, El Paso.
And she said, just take a quick left.
20 past 11, we have an open line in Palm Beach.
655 WIOD.
You know, I saw, you never guess who I saw in a hall briefly as I was going down the hall there during the New York.
Yes.
Tom Denibar was in a hall again.
I'm not going to have any other problem again.
Another little pro, every account, this man, including accounts I brought over here that have never had any problem before,
who get tremendous response with Tom.
If they don't have a problem, he convinces them that they do have one.
Okay.
Some day, no, seriously, if I live long enough, some day I will pass this man in the hall or he will come into this room and he will tell me something good.
There will not be a problem.
It'll be great news.
There won't be anything complex or confusing.
Or I mean, I want to tell you, pizza loft is a great place.
And I'm delighted to have him as a sponsor.
Jeff is a super guy who has brought us food and he's got a heart of gold and their food is tremendous.
His lasagna is the best in the world.
Their pizza is super sensational.
And I'm delighted to have him on.
And what he has done to them with that multi lasagna, I mean, that is so, even I haven't got any idea.
Even they over there don't understand what he's talking about.
Okay.
So you're right, Tom.
We are going to make you into a celebrity into a monster in your own time from the Larry Kent School of Radio Giants.
It's 21 past 11.
And here's a, what is that?
Why are you giving me cassettes?
Oh, there's stuff on this.
Freeway and spigot.
What?
No.
Oh, no, this is a tape for dubs.
It says, what does that mean?
What about freeway and spigot?
Didn't someone call and say they can't hear you?
Yeah.
This is Neil Bitts, it says on it.
Or Neil Bitts, I'm not sure what that is.
And that one says for Bitts, how long is that cassette?
90.
Well, that's what that is.
This is mine, okay?
It says, and closes my check for the criminal sounds and two cassettes.
One is for your Bitts.
The other is for you to make a copy.
Oh, please return both of them.
Freeway and spigot.
And keep up the good work.
Well, how the hell are we going to do that?
It has to be.
Oh, thanks so much.
Thanks a heap.
Oh, well, they made it so complicated.
Maybe we can get Tom Denberg in here to straighten this out.
Yeah.
I don't have you so confused by the end of the hour.
That you'll be blowing your brains up.
I'm not making that up either.
That's true.
I know.
It's true.
Okay, it's 22 past the hour, Frank, with a cold in Palm Beach, Hilo.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, Frank.
I heard your call the other day when Sonny called in and matched your $1,000.
Yeah.
I'll match your $1,000.
Great.
Thank you, Frank.
And if you don't make your 25, I'll cover the difference.
I'm not too...
Premendous.
What a guy.
You know what this is.
No.
You don't know this.
No.
Well, you got a bad cold.
I have a terrible cold, but I was one of your sponsors on 940 when you were there.
You came over and sat in my office and we had a nice long talk.
I don't want to identify myself on the air because every time I do, I get a lot of hate calls.
Really?
That's a surprise.
I thought my favorite song is the Vatican Ragnac.
Great.
Well, listen to your...
So you should be able to know who that is from that.
But anyway, your board on...
I told him what I was.
Mm-hmm.
The check will be dropped over there tomorrow.
Thank you, Frank.
I appreciate it.
I hope you're feeling better.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, last three days have been hell.
I'll bet.
Thank you.
Just wait till the next three.
Thanks a lot.
Goodbye.
Bye.
That's great.
23 past 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
If you move quickly now, we're Frank just hung up.
And I really do appreciate it.
That's great.
655WIOD and we'll be right back.
D.
First you get down on your knees.
Fiddle with your rosaries.
Bow your head with great respect.
And chain you flex, chain you flex, chain you flex.
To whatever steps you want.
If you have clear them with the pontiff.
Everybody say his own career.
He lays on doing the vending and riding.
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional.
They're the guy who's got religion.
I'll tell you if your sins are original.
If it is, try playing it safer.
Drink the wine and chew the wafer.
Two or six eight.
Climb the trampolabespan she is.
And get down upon your knees.
Fiddle with your rosaries.
Bow your head with great respect.
And chain you flex, chain you flex.
To whatever steps you want.
To whatever steps you want.
Take a cross on your abdomen.
When in Rome do like a Roman, our Bain Maria.
She's good to see you.
Can't explain the thought of your mind.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna ride.
I'm gonna ride.
I'm gonna ride.
Okay, Frank, that's for you, baby.
27 past 11 at WIOD.
And we have a little crisis here again today.
A very minor not related to the one we had yesterday.
One related to food.
And we just had a fist fight with Sharon,
who was acting a little surly this morning.
But I understand she's a little under the weather still.
And she's acting a little hysterical.
And we forced her to call Flores for our lunch.
And Rich was gonna go pick it up.
And as it turns out, nobody answers the phone.
And that seems fairly logical to me,
because it is three days before Christmas.
Well, anyway, see Carmine,
today is Thursday.
Have a feeling Carmine is not there.
He goes to the track every Thursday.
So he says.
Yeah, he does.
And if that's the case, then they may not be listening over there.
Or they may just have played hooky in state home and said,
hey, the hell would you Carmine,
we're taking the day off to or something?
I doubt that very much.
So anyway, the fact that we wanted those two antipostos
salads and the steak and cheese sub or whatever it is you eat every day.
I guess that's just gonna fall on deaf ears.
And excuse us.
And since it is Thursday and Linda will be coming from Newtish system later,
at least we want to have to account for how many extra olives we had for lunch today.
Okay.
So in other words, what I'm trying to say is we have a desperate situation.
And I don't for the life of me know why on Thursday, for example,
we couldn't have had some good stuff from Davie come down.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, from a certain cafe, one of our fine sponsors with that incredible food like they brought.
But again, you know, see they're not looking out for us.
These salespeople, we feed the whole building.
But they're just not looking out for us the way they should be.
Although Tom is certainly looking out for us, boy.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Now, every time I see him now, I get so depressed.
Now, Roger, the dean used to talk about all the salespeople and all the people in the office, didn't he?
Yeah. Oh, sure he did, yeah.
He used to talk about salespeople who died 20 years ago.
I'm not making that up every time I see him.
He's got some sad story.
And I mean, here we've got this mountain of mail.
It's amazing to me, for example, other people in the sales department tell me about many of the accounts,
how delirious they are.
They're getting tremendous response and it just delirious and all this.
And, um, but Tom is just, I don't know, got that head kind of hung down to a floor, which in his case doesn't take a lot.
About two feet.
Don't mention my name on a year.
Whatever you do.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, don't mention it.
29 past 11 at WIOD. Let's go to Miramar. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Just great.
You know, you mentioned Debbie Ellis in the last hour.
A monster in the business, sir.
That is for sure.
You know, she made an appearance in the land of the walking dead last week.
Where we saw also known as Hollandale.
Well, for that station, that's a great place.
Debbie does Hollandale, huh?
Yeah. I guess he was scouting up some listeners visiting some of her listeners.
That's a great place to find them.
No question about it, boy.
In fact, she was probably visiting some of the children of her listeners, some in their 80s and 90s.
Have you ever seen that movie Dawn of the Dead?
No.
Where with the zombies and the shopping mall?
Oh, sure.
Have you ever been to the town?
Listen, I don't have to go to the movies to see zombies in this town, my friend.
Have you ever been to the Diplomat Mall?
Yeah.
You know, we once did a remote from there in which we made Mr. Intendola look like a jackass, which wasn't hard.
He just showed up.
You would notice a great similarity between the Diplomat Mall and that movie.
Yeah.
See, the problem is I usually park on the other side of the street if I want to go to the Diplomat Mall, and I can never get there.
Yeah, I guess all the old people are like that.
I was wondering, did you ever get Elvis' everywhere?
Did you ever bring that back?
No, I've got it at home on it.
I was going to put it on that master and I forgot.
And I certainly wasn't going to go all the way home to get the CD and not only that.
I'll bring it in one day next week.
I promise it.
I'll play it on a year.
And then anybody who doesn't have it who's too cheap to go out and buy the CD or the record, they can tape it.
Well, maybe you can play the I-95 song later then.
Well, maybe I can.
No, maybe you can, and off.
Or not as a case, maybe.
I'd like to say that Owl, who works at the Lake Forest Direct, is a big douchebag.
Okay.
Have a great holiday, sir.
You do.
1131 at W-Y-O-D, the Czechs.
We got a mountain of mail here again today.
Rich is just wondering why he ever got himself into this.
And I said in the beginning, are you sure you want to do this?
And he said, absolutely.
And I can't think of anything I'd rather spend my time doing than helping out these wonderful folks get their cassette tapes.
It's more of a very good cause.
And of course, the boons in the box are for a good cause too.
Anybody who doesn't have their own boon in the box this holiday season is really missing out.
So what do we decide about the food?
We don't want to make a big production out of this because we're not eating that much anyway.
Some of us, but you know, we're certainly not going to starve to death.
Are we?
Definitely not.
Okay.
But you don't think that they're coming from the Armadillo Cafe.
Probably a little short notice.
Just a little boy.
I'm thinking back to that hot crab ravioli.
And that incredible tenderloin with the onions.
How many peas did you have?
How many olives?
Three olives?
Four olives?
Come on.
Too many onions.
Anyway, it's 11.32 at WIOD.
Want to tell you about the Nutri system right now?
Oh, which is very timely.
Well, we'd lend it gets a little bit hysterical, but we're doing just fine.
D.
Well, I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to get a hold of Denimberg and I'm going to tear every hair in his head out.
Okay.
They have taken the other piece.
Now, let me tell you what that was about.
A little conversation because I don't like to or let the audience in on the inside.
Then we'll get to Donna's incredible cart.
There were two pieces of copy in here for a lot of tavern at it, which is one of my favorite restaurants in the world.
It's an incredible Italian restaurant.
It's so good that I can't begin to tell you.
And there are two pieces of copy.
One of them had the phone number.
And somebody, I'm not sure who it was, took the other piece of copy out.
He's constantly coming into this book.
I'm going to break his arm.
Is Denimberg in a building?
It's one of those pictures we were supposed to see.
Now, because that's coming up in the next break and I want to give their phone because they're having a special thing on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve.
And I don't have the number in here because they took the other piece of copy.
Oh, I see.
Look what they did.
They stuck it on the back.
Now, who do you think did that?
Some smart ass is coming in here messing with my book.
Anyway, it's 1137.
I don't want to get hysterical again like yesterday, but God Almighty.
Some people take things that are so simple and they make them so complicated.
But I don't talk about me any year.
Anyway, here is a card in the midst of all this mountain of mail, all this, these checks and great stuff coming in.
I don't see a check in it, by the way.
But it says, Dearest Douchebag.
That's printed on the card with a picture.
It must be done on the front of you holding the animal bag.
Yeah, it is.
Sure.
Talk about being left holding the bag.
Dearest Douchebag, why is it that you can call me an asshole?
Play the I-95 asshole song.
Steve just used the word A-H.
But I responded to your statement about staying and I call him an asshole and you cunningly bleep it.
I didn't bleep it out.
Did you bleep it?
He did.
Don't be bleeping stuff.
He did bleep.
See, he's getting a little carried away in there.
I'll take care of the bleeping.
Okay, I'll take care of all the bleeping.
If I want it on a year, I'll be responsible for it.
But if we're saying the word on a year or playing records with it, then don't go bleeping stuff.
See, he's got too much power in there.
We need to render him a little less power crazy in the other studio there.
And you cunningly bleep it, which I didn't do, nick did that and he will never do it again under penalty of death.
Leaving the audience to believe I used a major vulgarity, underlined major, very cute.
Here's the impression you meant to leave.
Smart radio, bleeper, and then hang up.
Pressure too great.
You can't go one-on-one with anyone except the veggies, almonds, and stems of the world.
Not only do you insist upon reading my letters on the year to get a show,
you now have to read the only letter I've ever written to Steve and the last underlined.
I'm going to stop supplying you with shows in my material which you've borrowed for years.
Good day and goodbye forever.
Throw this in the trash because I won't hear you anyway.
Rose must be saying, thank God, Disney WIOD got him.
Nothing at that station suits you either.
Donna.
Now what are we going to do without her material now?
I don't know, we probably have to fold up shop here.
Good Lord, this is crisis.
Better tell Denimberg about it, he'll be running up and down.
No more Donna material.
Oh no.
Man, I'm telling you.
Boy, what a severe day.
Without Donna, I just have no idea.
What is she doing anyway?
What are you doing?
Oh, you're helping out.
We much rather have lunch.
Anyway, it's 11-40-20-till noon.
It's serious.
At WIOD, we're not joking about that.
No, that's it.
See what you can do.
The floor is closed today?
I'm not buying that for a second.
It's possible.
They might be closed until after Christmas.
You know those folks over there.
They've got a great sense of humor.
And if that's the case, then we'll probably have to ask for the Armadillo Cafe to come all
away from debut, which they're definitely not going to do.
But, uh,
pizza law would be sensational, but Jeff ain't going to come all the way over here again.
Something a little more substantial than that salad salad was great.
He brought about 40 pounds of it.
It was tremendous, but something a little more of substance.
You know what I'm saying?
Substance.
Yeah.
And then Linda will come very quickly and say,
bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
It's getting old.
It's getting ponderous.
All these people go, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
Just everybody minds your own business and leave us alone.
Just leave us alone.
We'll do everything in our own sweet good time.
All right?
So here's a good stack of checks for you, Sharon.
Just to have a good time with that.
And let's take a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you can go ahead and use kind of a different name on when you say douchebags to all of them.
Because you kind of use it often.
What about like a siph-lettic leopard douchebag or something like,
I mean, really get that intense meaning.
Okay.
Let's move right along.
Let's go to, here's a guy who wants to a direct-to-show.
Yeah.
We've got all these directors now.
I believe it's alone.
That's what you just said.
Kindle.
Hello.
Kindle.
Yeah.
I don't want to.
It's real quick.
The photographer.
I know.
Oh, this is a shock.
This is a truly shocking experience.
No joke.
How's the butt-looking duck?
Rick, are you looking for trouble already?
I get a feeling everybody in this place is looking for trouble.
Just.
I think 75 found trouble.
Have you seen me?
Don't pick on Sunny, okay?
He's a good guy and he just gave him a royal screwing which is par for the course in his business.
Oh, man.
You ought to know that.
Poor guy.
So what are you doing these days?
Oh, I just started a new job and I'm waiting to get paid.
I've been working for like 1500 days and they haven't paid me yet.
One of these big behinds that are always losing money.
Really?
Can't imagine which one I've got.
I wonder, huh?
Yeah.
So anyway, when you getting married, Rick?
Next year.
89?
Yeah.
The magic number.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yeah, me too.
We ought to have the wedding on the ear.
That would be exciting.
Are you crazy?
No.
Well, yeah, but I mean, that has nothing to do with it.
It's a great idea.
You know, what else is new?
Weeping in the background would be just emotional.
I know.
I would be weeping, too.
Yeah.
I'm sure.
Well, not much.
We're just hanging out here having a great time waiting for Sharon to go call us or order in for lunch.
You want to die now?
Yeah.
That's great, man.
You have lost almost 20 pounds, Rick.
That's great.
It's a shadow of my former self.
I'm fading away and Fat Rich looks almost like slim pickens over here.
Almost.
What is your goal?
What is my goal?
You're asking the wrong person that question, Rick.
72 pounds.
Well, that's not.
It's only got about 50 to go.
That's all right.
How long is it going to take you?
It's going to till whenever I'm done.
Okay, I'm not in any hurry.
I've carried this stuff around for a long time and I'm not in any big hurry.
When I lose it, I lose it.
Are you listening, Linda?
When I lose it all, I lose it.
So if I have a couple extra olives, don't get hysterical, all right?
So now you're back on AM.
Yeah.
And everything.
Good deduction, Rick.
Good deduction, excellent.
It seems like you've speeded up a little bit since we talked last time.
Yeah, yeah.
See, I thought he was hysterical because I shined him twice for the track and I figured,
well, we won't hear from Rick anymore.
Well, you know, I listened to it with kind of P.O. that day and all I hear.
Well, it just, I listened.
That was a bad day.
When you're in this business, you have a lot of bad days.
Can I give you an example?
I was, this is not contrived or made up.
This is a true story.
I was coming in yesterday and I was driving over the causeway in my beautiful Corvette.
And I was looking at the water and I was thinking to myself, everything is great.
Everything is wonderful.
You know, it's been great being over here and I'm making all this money and the life is marvelous.
And everything and I live in that fantastic house and everything is sensational, right?
Yeah.
And by 1230, I was ready to blow my brains out here, okay?
Why?
Well, you didn't hear the show yesterday, huh?
I heard a little bit of it.
Yeah, we don't want to rehash, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah, about that.
Yeah, about our friend at the...
Well, you hear they want to, now they want to extend the band on obscenities for 24 hours.
Yeah, they don't want us to say hello, goodbye or anything else like that.
They just want you to come on and...
We can just make little whimpering guttural sounds and that's going to be it.
Yeah, kind of like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll make little whimpering sounds and the duck can cackle and that'll basically...
They'll probably get a 40 share, you know?
Yeah, and then the bird will be able to get his own show, right?
Yeah, which would make a lot of people happy, obviously.
People would have nothing better to do than call it and bitch and mull it up and play.
Yeah.
Have you ever anything like Merry Christmas?
Isn't it amazing?
You know the ones that call and say, hey, you stink Merry Christmas.
Yeah, speaking of stink, how is a major?
It's not that way, terrible.
See, now you're feeding Donna again.
Even though she...
We know she's not listening.
You're feeding her again.
You know I missed that guy.
I can't believe that he dumped...
Yeah, no, it's shocking her call.
I know, unnecessary.
I get real serally when a boardop start dumping this stuff, you know?
Oh, there he comes.
Anyway, I get hysterical when that stuff's done.
Who's that?
Yeah, he's still in town.
Yeah.
Yeah, they had the baby.
Oh, yeah.
Looks a little bit like him, so I'm praying that it changes real fast.
My God, he's going to be in trouble.
In fact, it was born with a Stogi in one part of it's an enemy.
I can't tell you where, but the horrendous Stogi, yeah.
And the first thing when they tried to change the diapers, it said...
Outchanges.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
True, true, yeah.
Well, it's great hearing from you.
And one of these days when you least expect it, something will happen.
Yeah.
All right, well, I'll still...
So how's your sister doing?
She's all right, she's getting married too.
Is she, really?
Yeah.
Oh, the duck just had a little accident on her too.
Well, listen, call us again, not to be a stranger now, okay?
All right.
And I hope you get paid one of these years, okay?
Yeah, I'm hoping to get paid so I can do my Christmas shopping.
Yeah, well, maybe next year.
Yeah.
Okay, Rick.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Well, that was a shock, wasn't it?
Ricta photographer.
So you left him out of the letter too, Donna.
We like talking to him.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You idiot.
You disgusting, psychotic douchebag.
She is something else.
And she, we go through this with her constantly.
You know, this love and hate.
And then she's back.
Another couple of weeks she'll be back on her again.
Oh, right now.
And she just can't restrain herself.
She's just a pain in the butt.
I know.
What's Laura got here now, boy?
She's got something real exciting.
What is it?
Ha, ha, ha, is it from Tom?
Oh, no, I got it.
OPS, Tom Denver, he's afraid to come in.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
We can hear some of this dirty laundry right on the air.
That'll be good.
Send him in here.
And the audience get a little sample of his psychosis.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
Come, but stay away from me.
Okay, Laura, come, but stay away.
I worked with him at Winds, boy.
That was exciting enough.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
He doesn't be nice to me.
I'll tell a story about the one book that I had that
3-8 at night.
The only time that anybody ever beat me at night because
somebody you wanted to put all those playoff games on
or we had zero, or we had zero shares.
Trust me, Latavrinette is going to do great.
They've been with me for a long time.
There's no problem, Tom.
Trust me.
Trust me.
Put away your IOD, Hanky.
Okay, go cry in it.
Will you please shed some tears?
Just relax.
You're too nervous.
You're a wonderful guy, but you're just too
excited.
Get off my back.
Be like me.
Be more relaxed.
Calm down.
Don't get hysterical.
Just try to be more like me.
Okay?
Okay, let me do the spot now.
If I leave anything out, Tom, no, seriously, Tom can
embellish it a little bit and tell you they're giving you dinner
free and stuff like that to make sure they get a gigantic.
Well, they're not.
They're not, but you'll be more than happy to pay for it.
That's what they say in sunrise.
Be sure to reserve it.
It's 1151.
We have an incredible call.
Joe at Flores is on line.
Joe.
What's going on?
I don't know.
Great.
Listen, we'll need some lunch.
Please.
Well, wait a minute.
We've been getting these reports probably inaccurate.
Did you guys aren't even open today?
No, I'm just a late commentator.
Oh, you guys were late today?
Oh, yeah.
Well, we won't tell a car line about it, okay?
That's okay.
You're coming with my partner.
I'm the old partner.
I take it in late.
So to speak, yeah.
You got it.
Yeah, just a couple of those antipostos with all the good stuff
that you guys put on and one of those cheese and steak subs
will be great.
Very good.
And please don't tell people I'm close.
That's terrible.
No, no, well, I'm sure you couldn't have been.
I mean, you guys aren't that crazy.
No, only Christmas day.
That's the Christmas day.
I've seen about 15 minutes.
Thanks a million.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
I do like that.
They're even bringing it here.
You see?
You guys have little faith.
And of course, Sharon, you give a little child a big-sized job.
And they just crumble.
It's just a joke, Sharon.
Don't get emotional, man.
Everybody the last couple of days here is so emotional.
It must be the holidays.
I mean, so glad when these holidays are over.
I know.
Everybody is so sensitive and uptight and hysterical.
And Donna.
And then he dumps stuff.
I can't believe that.
That is just mind-boggling.
Now, you can dump Donna.
I thought exactly.
It was like anybody else.
That's an obscurity.
Yeah, that's an obscurity.
But Donna, that's like an industry eat it.
You know, that would be like dumping Bob from Pompo-no.
Or blind Mike.
That's good.
And that's it.
Or Jamie and Marcy.
Or Bob Martin.
How about Phil?
Yeah.
Or Paul Harvey Jr. Jr.
A.K.A.
Speaking of Paul Harvey Jr. Jr.
It's a little something I thought.
Thought it might be appropriate.
Very Christmas, Paul.
Happy Jiu-Los.
Don't ever call us again.
Well, I was driving down 995 the other night.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
Where you are in asshole.
Or did you work in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A.S.S.S.S.A.
So, Ellie.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Cause you know that you're a whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Were you born an asshole?
Or did you work in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an A.S.S.S.S.
This is the Neal Roger show.
That is your brain.
Any questions?
Holds a knife.
1156 at WIOD.
And you know what they say if the shoe fits.
Court Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, happy holiday to you all.
And the same to you, y'all.
I'm a long time listener when you were first on WKAT.
Oh, boy.
I'm getting ready to send in the check for the Camille South with a tape.
Great.
One favor I need from you.
I think I spoke to Berlai Shia at the other station when he did your show about the Koshiklub.
I had written to the people who made the album and told him I need it, cassette.
And they don't manufacture a cassette.
And I don't have a record player, only a cassette player.
So I'm thinking if I said an additional tape, maybe you can hit a lot for me.
For the Koshiklub, remember Berlai?
I had an issue about that.
How much are you sending, pal?
Well, whatever it takes.
You know.
Oh.
That's an old extra.
I mean, whatever you think is right.
I mean, you know, you tell me.
Yeah, it's not like an extra 20, you know.
Okay, an extra tape, right?
Yeah, an extra tape.
But make sure you put a notation what it is, because I'm going to have to do that at home.
I've got the album, and I'll dub the album.
Okay, sounds good.
I wouldn't do that for just anybody, you know.
Okay, well, I appreciate it.
I'm a long time listener, and I love your show.
Great.
Have a nice holiday.
You too.
Have a nice holiday.
You survived.
There he goes.
What was that all about?
I was about to say if he survived KAT.
I guess I should be saying if I survived KAT, I'll do it.
What was that?
Hock and a Chinatown in the background.
Shrying and carrying on.
I don't know.
Okay, we have an open-line in Broward now.
If you move very fast, no, we don't.
Now, if I want to dub with that Johnny Mathis song, if you start it.
If you start, we have a special lunch for you.
Do you remember the picture that came in yesterday?
The one from on the lawn?
Same old stuff.
Davey, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is the first time I've called since you left Zeta.
Boy, where the hell have you been?
I've been at school.
We just got off last week, so I haven't had much of a chance to call.
You know what school?
Broward Community College.
Oh, yeah.
Remember me?
I was going out with Michelle.
With Michelle.
Right.
Which Michelle?
Which one?
Teen and Michelle.
I was, we were engaged.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we're still engaged.
Great.
Well, that's good.
You know these long relationships have been about two weeks?
No, it's been about, we've been going out about a year and a month.
Great.
Anyway, I was just thinking about it.
I missed some of your old tingles from Zeta.
I was wondering if you could take out this Zeta 4,
or kind of search for and remove it.
And you could, like, you know, he's the first kid on the block,
and he's the bright one.
That's a good idea.
We'll call John Ford over there and see if he'll work that up for us.
Sure.
Come on, Johnny.
You got none of those spots to dub over there.
Let's get with it.
Because this is really good spots.
Yeah, they were.
So probably the best stuff Rose ever came up with in his life.
That's right.
Okay, we'll work on it.
Okay, I think you're doing a great job over here.
And also, I think the birds doing a great job.
Thank you.
Okay, have a great holiday.
And let me commend you on your excellent taste.
What can I say?
Bye-bye.
I'll bet Mike like that, close.
I want to thank Eric, who's under 100, he's 22 and bulker for the Christmas card.
I mean, we've got a lot of Christmas cards, but also there are some of these people
like Jose Morales, who I know is a big fan.
Remember Jose?
An executive center's network?
Yes.
And we want to thank Jose for the card and everybody else and for all the checks and just keep them
on coming.
So if they get them in a mail before 5 today, some of the stuff might actually show up tomorrow.
Maybe.
Okay, and we really are hoping to get to that 25 grand mark.
Okay, news upcoming with April I believe.
April is here for a fan club with a new news and we'll come back at 1205.
524 WIOD in Broward or 655-278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make our collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, our new stock radio 610-WIOD.
105 and I just want to, you know, the policeman we had on air or whatever he does in law enforcement,
so irrational, you couldn't possibly have an intelligent conversation because he was screaming and puking and shouting
and didn't want to listen to anything I had to say.
But the whole criminal justice system in this country is a farce.
It's a travesty and to try to defend any of the parts that's wrong with it by saying, well, just a handful.
That's a lot of garbage.
God help anybody that gets in the web of criminal justice system in this country.
I'll tell you that.
A hank.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, just a shadow of himself, man.
You lost a lot of weight again.
Thanks only promise.
Thanks only promise he keeps finding it.
That's interesting.
Neil, you're talking issues here.
No, I'm the one.
Don't get nailed by those pigs out there, man.
I'm telling you.
I heard nobody talks issues, but are you do?
Get out of here.
Well, you were not doing that crap again, all right?
No, I don't need to hit this joke.
Leave it to Steve, OK?
I can't turn out a radio when I hear it.
I mean, you would think that some of these cops are the criminals.
According to Steve, I'm not forget, that's right.
You and Steve are very tight and I want to get in there.
Oh, so I'm getting lost.
No, not still.
I thought you guys were.
I don't hear a shit.
He said you're a douchebag.
Now, he didn't say that.
He said, hang sorry.
How are you?
You don't have to worry.
What time you get off?
What time do you get off?
What does he get nervous about?
Are you going to the track?
Yeah.
It's Thursday.
Oh, you're going out with cars?
What does that mean?
Oh, my God.
What happens on Thursday?
I don't know if I know of that.
I don't know if I get a chance to go on Thursday,
but because of Christmas, nobody misses you.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah.
I'm out there hiding.
Probably all the upper-level management people are out there too.
Well, nobody misses them most of the time anyway,
but that's another level of management.
Yeah.
A middle-level management is.
Yeah.
It's a gallbladder.
It's a gallbladder because while it's there,
it causes the occasional pain as nuisance value.
And when you remove it, you don't remember it was there before.
Excuse me.
Don't get excited now.
I said, I can't get excited now.
You start talking issues again here now.
So you didn't get to go to Hawaii, huh?
No, that's...
I know that's the university.
I know that's his thing.
Yeah.
The Jordan get to go either.
He's there either.
Had I been invited, I certainly...
Probably would have gone now.
That was a great spurt.
Oh, yeah.
You guys had a good time up there.
Rick sounded like he was on his last legs.
Those two mornings, man.
After he came back, he sounded in bad shape.
Very cold there.
Really?
Could have fooled a hell out of me.
But the game made more than made up for it.
Yeah, it fits first.
Yeah.
I could just...
I could just...
See his first reaction if you had...
I said, man, go right ahead.
You don't have to be on invitation here.
What do you want, Hank?
Oh, look at that.
That rich came in.
It just...
Oh, you're a fat rich, huh?
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
You're a fat guy.
He's got...
You can rip him.
He's got kids on it.
He's got a pre-holiday show.
He's got an atheist and a hysterical fundamentalist reverendon.
How contrived.
Yeah, well, this contrived.
Right before Christmas and the Sookas, yeah.
But anyway, this New York thing, you know, about...
No, seriously, you're not a sports fan.
Who?
You.
Me?
None of you people, you know, these New York types,
that only if they got a bet on the game,
do they have any interest in it?
If they don't have any money on the game, they don't care.
How could you watch football game on that?
Oh, see, now we got into it.
It's true.
I have never bet on a football game.
You haven't?
No.
And what really bugs me and your good friend, Larry King,
who we're so delighted to have as part of the WIOD family,
by the way, is a check that Larry wrote for you to catch before he leaves.
Oh, what a follow-up.
But follow the bouncing ball.
Even the heat never dribbled that well.
But, you know, the same thing.
Everything is the spread.
And did they cover it?
I've been talking about this for years.
Okay.
And like, the networks now are so blatant about it with Jimmy DeGieckis in there,
but they got to exhale money at the end of the game.
No, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Yes, I did.
It was a great game.
You had no sense.
You watched that game.
I loved it.
I'm a sports fan, see?
Do you bet on hockey games?
No.
I watched a Michigan State Michigan,
because I went to Michigan State hockey game on that...
Oh, thank you, Mark.
I think you would know that.
I mean, how can you bet on a hockey game?
What do you do?
You give so many goals?
You're the biggest lion in the world, Bird.
I saw the puck go into the net.
Are you serious?
The man admits though that he's not a sports fan.
He's just a gambler.
Who said that?
What you think is in your credit?
Didn't you just say that?
I don't bet on football.
It depends on the sport.
I don't bet baseball games like a watch baseball games all day long.
Ah.
So what you're saying, and I'm sure that Joe Robbie will like this a lot,
is that football is so boring that unless you got a bet on a game,
you would never watch it.
Football lends itself to betting more than any other sport.
Now, how can that be?
Why?
I have trouble watching football games without a bet.
I don't know what it is.
Is that always the case?
Or is it just in the last couple of years when it's become so mediocre?
No, I was actually started when I first got sick at the age of 16.
When he made his first bet, that's right.
Boy, you are bad.
You're going to have to have anything hot at the track this afternoon.
I haven't even looked at the form.
I just decided it goes.
That's the fur of the moment.
It's true.
It's hot there and just clothes rise.
Who's riding well out there?
Chavez is still going crazy in Verren's Waila.
And they can tell us when they get hot.
They can tell us.
Well, yeah, they don't want to get carried away.
They don't want to make too much money and get into trouble.
A little scoop for you, if you want to have a bad horse racing.
Great.
Guaranteed to happen with this violation.
By the way, you've been seeing a crowded poppin'o last night.
Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, this deregulation thing marked my words.
Gulfstream is going to stick at the call.
They're real good over that breeder's cup business.
They will not stay open for just three days.
I think they're planning to run a lot more days in just the three.
Really?
Yeah.
What about Brunetti?
Is he still in business?
We haven't heard from Chal.
Actually, I got one of them.
They run.
I got one of them.
Secretary a couple days ago, asking for my home address.
They do have the best PR over there, don't they?
Well, they do now.
None.
The home address thing is kind of the tip off.
They don't have any PR at Hylia.
That's part of their problem.
But you know, we do know that those Latin's love horse racing, right?
That's the same crap I hear about while we ought to have major league baseball
because we have the big Latin pun.
I hear an issue.
Now, do you remember the Amigos?
See, you would remember the Amigos.
I know, but I broadcast their first game.
Did you?
Yeah.
You're one of the sunny.
You're one of a handful in this city.
No, the manager was?
No.
David Johnson.
Yeah.
That was until he started putting the pieces of his face back together again.
He looks a lot worse now than it's tough.
He's got the Michael Jackson.
We all know, the face is coming apart in the chest.
And they got four of the pieces.
That's why he had to come back for one more season
so they can get all the pieces of his face reconstructed.
Have you seen him lately?
Seriously, David Johnson?
These guys are aging badly.
You and I are aging better than they are.
Many are old guys.
They're faces start falling apart.
You know what the baseball deal is, don't you?
I mean, where wise to that?
The movement.
You know, the baseball movement.
Don't say movement in this town on this station.
I mean, it gets a lot of people on the beach very excited when you say movement.
They get some optimistic.
It gets their hopes up.
Not much else they get up, but their hopes up.
Are you still happy here?
No, it's been about that.
After yesterday, well yesterday we had a traumatic day.
I guess you didn't hear, huh?
We don't want to go into it.
Where are we going?
We're on an airplane now.
We're really happy to have two seven times.
Well, I signed my contract.
And once that happened, I will stick it to him.
And I will show him where I'm going to be.
What have they done?
Well, they just got a little carried away.
You know, but now they're okay.
They apologize profusely.
Everything that was embarrassing.
I mean, Disney was done as hands of these sobbing and crying and carrying on.
Please bring it up.
At the Christmas party, they were toasting you like you were saying.
Really?
Yeah, I'm still waiting for the first one.
Well, we were curious, Hank, how long the honeymoon period would last.
And we found out six weeks.
Yeah, six weeks is a pretty long time and it's not bad.
And of course, you know, you've had a real long honeymoon with this station.
It's been nothing but teaches and cream.
I've had so many ups and downs.
You're like, totally old and cold bird.
Do they?
Yeah.
So anyway, I got to do pennies at the place here.
But are you going to go?
Patties place.
Yeah.
Next we are X-rated commercial, okay.
You got a commercial for Patties.
But luckily, this is not Tom Dennenberg's account because then Tom would be in there.
He gets a little, he's a little hyper.
You know Tom?
Yeah.
You know Tom mentioned.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
He's getting ready to plunge his gut sets.
So if you're looking for some hot tips today, stay away from Hank.
114, and here is an X-rated commercial for the D.
Oh, I know that the Zord even loves Neorodgers.
116 at the WIOD.
We wish Hank lots of luck out of this afternoon.
Believe me, he's going to need it.
I'm going to get out here this weekend.
I'm going to have a big plunging weekend on the holiday, you know, good.
Very, very good.
Let me think, spirit.
I mean, um, Pompano is tonight.
Let me get this all squared away.
Calder is going to be open Sunday, Christmas Day.
Yeah, now they're gonna be racing early a lot of times they do they race like I'm Thanksgiving day
They started at 11. Oh, yeah, we got to find out about that before the end of the show
Yeah, and then they'll be open Monday this week, right? Because it's a holiday. They usually have a big holiday card
Right, mm-hmm
Yeah, you're just degrees with anything that I say
Okay, let's go to Miami next hello. I need you. How you doing? Okay, this is Chuckie. Hey, it's Chuckie in Miami
Yeah, it's been three days since I've called you so I guess I lost my chronic status
Let me ask you do you watch football Chuckie? Yes, I do now
Do you have to have a bet on every game that you watch? No, no, not all right. I bet you're not from New York, right?
No, I'm not see there you go
New Yorkers, man, they're just from the time they're born. They're just wild degenerates
I got a gamble on everything. Yeah, I know my dad from New York and he calls me up
If he doesn't have a bet on the game he goes, oh come on, I'll buck I'll buck
Hey, I never got to the point when Hank was in here
I was trying I got sidetracked. I was gonna talk about the networks and how blatant they encourage illegal gambling and when
Costas was telling the story when he had king on Sunday night
He's talking about the Tigers playing the Yankees or the Indians or somebody years ago and his father
Was gonna bet on the Tigers because somebody was pitching. I forget the big fat left-handed. What was his name? Oh?
Oh, yeah, it's Mickey Lois and he said one of David Letterman used to make fun about and he says my dad picked up the phone and
Bet a thousand dollars and so now when he says he picked up the phone
All he said is he called his bookie. Okay, they never used the word
But that's what we're talking about is illegal gambling and the networks in this country have done and Hank does the same thing as much as I like
I mean, you know, he he promotes illegal gambling all these guys do and he just wink and laugh about it like it's a big joke
Now if the same thing were said well
They called the the escort service and they sent a hooker over right away people in sunrise would be you know having a meeting and having a nervous breakdown
I don't understand it. I mean, I think it should you should be able to bet on anything, okay?
That's true. That's true. They should have windows here. There you go. Exactly. I don't know when that window is right here in the station
It'll lower those damn lottery sales, too
That's for sure the biggest sucker bet in the history of mankind. You can't wait till Rebecca Paul is here next Wednesday filling in for
Renere I just can't wait because when at the end of that show I'm gonna nail her real good so to speak about his lottery man
It's the biggest ripoff in history. Yeah, she's the she's the lottery chair person with a whip the lottery queen
Yeah, so that's a nail that movie Rayman was excellent
Excellent slick. Yeah, how could anybody not like it? There's only one thing I didn't like about it. Oh, geez Jamie Lee Curtis wasn't in it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah
Her hostile projectiles although I will say that you'd have probably been the butchest one in the movie, so yeah, it wouldn't have fit
Yeah, well bird Mary Christmas to you. Thank you, sir. And Neil happy scooker-cooker-vooker. Okay, I'm the same to you have a good one
Bye, boy
1119 at W. I. D. We have an open line in date if you move quickly now come on. Let's go
751 W. I. O. D.
And don't forget Reverend Dwight Porter. This is his 80th appearance this week on a cane show against atheist John O'Neal
And they're gonna be at debating is God Jewish
And was he bar mitzvah
I thought they were to how about that loyal did he do a good job or not?
Should you celebrate Christmas? I think they're gonna get into that now it's gonna be should go and celebrate Tisha boy
With Reverend Dwight Porter
And atheist John O'Neal just to get you in that holiday spirit. Okay, we want you to feel good and full of love and brotherhood and hate etc
Plantation hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, I'm a police officer. I'm Brad. I've been here about 10 years and 79
I just want to make a couple of points with you. Yeah, I'm not gonna be so narrow-minded to
Think that there's only a few you know, please also. Well, I didn't mind that he wanted to say that
But he was getting hysterical and I couldn't have any kind of a conversation with him. I agree with you
but
The major issue that I wouldn't take is since I guess in the late mid 70s the standards have been lowered greatly used to be
You have to have me an excellent military person
21 now as he pointed out that the
Spanners are dropping so the way the society is changing some of these people are not as quite as mature
The temptations probably but you know what that's like saying they would be like saying the standards for being a brain surgeon are dropping
Okay, when you give somebody the power of life and death and you you know by law
And you put that gun in their hands and you say it's legal and now you've got this extra supernatural power that nobody else has
You can't just say well, you know, we're gonna lower the standards out. That's not acceptable
Well, I understand that and it's not acceptable in the amongst ranks the professional police officers now whatever
Federal government and the guidelines that step in in order to get some of these people to begin the minorities and the
This Hispanics that came in the in the bolus and stuff they come into this country
They had to drop the standards to because we were being unfair by having a severe amount of math in the testing programs
And as a result you get substandard police officers into the job that
Should not be in there as a result you had the incident when you have a Miami River Cops
Unfortunately, it's not saying that you know the Spanish are
Or bad. It's just to happen be that all of them happen to be Hispanics in that case
Well, let's be honest about it. There have been an inordinate number of Latin police officers who've been involved in
drugs and
Other criminal activity and inordinate number in Dave County
You're right. There have been and there have been someone and that's not an ethnic remark
It's just a matter of fact for whatever the reason that just happens to be the case
A lot of that though, I've seen that from inside looking at it a tribute to the
The standards that have used now in the hiring criteria
I mean, yes, you say you just like a logical testing whatever you but that doesn't you know do you any good until
Somebody shows a deviant character on that well first of all the psychological testing is a joke in the
the psychologist I can't remember his name
But I had him on a show a few years ago who is in charge of the whole program in Dave County
He admits that it's a farce that they really can't determine ahead of time
Just exactly where these guys are coming from right. It's only good as a standard when somebody does something wrong
Yeah, you know
The only thing I want to point out mostly since it's been on our negative lately again
Today district five the FOP here in the regional Brad where out there passing out
Christmas baskets for the needy out there
Along with the fire department and several other
Associations and concerns citizens out there
They're also out there involved in what a charitable event such as the upcoming pigball
Uh, the January 21st, which is against the lawyers and the police and that's also for charity and the money
I think was raised about 30,000 last year give or take him exactly how much but somewhere in that neighborhood for the charitable
Visitions and a lot of that goes unnoticed
Certainly we get headlines when we have an incident like happened recently in Miami
But we certainly don't get to headlines when we're out there doing the job that
It goes unnoticed and the only other thing that I had to say
Of reference
That that's the highlight of it is that everybody has an opinion of what the police officer's job ought to be
Uh, no one has an opinion is how the doctors should do this job or the law. Oh, sure they do sure they do
I do
But they not the general public they all can tell you this is what the police officers should do
Yeah, I have my opinion they should do this they should do that
But you don't see him going to the doctor tell the doctor how to operate you don't see him telling the
brain surgeon how to do this or the
The uh preacher out of preach but you all out there, you know without walking a mile in the shoe
Right? Well, you know, it just it's just a matter of time
I mean I you certainly wouldn't say the public has a great confidence in lawyers would you I wouldn't think they probably have a great confidence
They don't they don't and they're in their confidence in doctors is diminishing every day
Just like their confidence in police officers keep diminishing when they see how many this on his cops
There are how much corruption is going on
Uh, this is human nature. I mean people you can fool them for a long time by putting on a uniform and the you know
perpetrating this this fraud
Which is really what doctors do because they got a white coat on or a white outfit then
Automatically the public is opposed to assume they know what they're doing and I still think most doctors
Haven't got the foggiest idea what they they couldn't diagnose a head cold most of them okay
True, I agree with that but
On the most part
Majority opinion or the people they always have an opinion
Glant it you know where well yeah most people you know they have an opinion how I should do this show too
Okay, the only differences people don't die from this show. We don't shoot anybody on the show
Well, and we don't beat anybody to death on this show
No, although it has happened yeah, yeah, I'm not saying it doesn't but I'm just saying that
We all have a front line out there and it's not so much the law enforcement is deteriorating obviously
But the court system itself is deteriorating well the whole systems thinks I mean
Let's be honest about the system is pathetic this this story out in Texas with this judge this redneck judge
That just gave the lenian sentence to these two guys who murdered the two gay guys because and he says he gave the lenian sentence
Because he doesn't like queer is running around cruising trying to pick up teenagers or whatever the story was
And they had a big scene out there and you know, he says well
I'm not gonna worry about it two years from now when I'm up for reelection nobody will remember anyway
I mean what kind of justice is that?
It's no just
Well, listen, it's good talking to you and I'm glad we could have a rational conversation
Well, I appreciate your time. I just want to point out some of the good things that going out there as well
Okay, thanks a lot
126 and W I O D and we want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood again today and
If you are one of those people who's concerned about the service department where you buy your new car
Have no fears because they have an award-winning
Service department over there at Toyota of Hollywood they repeatedly won the president's award from the parts and service advisors of Florida
And this is something to think about because I know for myself
I've had some experiences where I bought an automobile been happy with the deal and then discover that the service department
Stinks to high heaven well you won't have that problem at Toyota of Hollywood
They will keep that car in tip top shape and they'll keep you a happy and satisfied customer
And don't forget the exclusive exciting three-day trial period that I keep reminding you about
Because you're not going to find this available any other automobile dealer that I know of anywhere in this town
If you buy your new car there
They give you three full days to drive it around get to know it like it without going to Alaska or anything like that or any accidents
And if you change your mind they'll put you in a different car even give you your money back
That's a Toyota of Hollywood at 1841 North state road seven check out all those exciting new toyotas
They're right between tap and Sheridan streets in Hollywood now that postseason football is here
There's no better place to catch all the action than at South Florida's top sports public noise to bar
Hulligans Hulligans will be showing all the NFL playoffs including the Super Bowl and all the college bowl games
Including the orange bowl all you basketball and hockey fans to keep up with your favorite teams as well at Hulligans
They have over 15 big screen TVs so you can watch up to six games at once the top teams and the top games non-stop
Add to electronic sports stickers with up to the minute scores and highlights sports trivia and video games
And you'll see why Hulligans is hog heaven to the true sports van
And Hulligans offers great food from fresh chucked oysters and clams to live main lobster chicken wings and sandwiches
All this plus Kendall's best happy hour
Daily lunch specials and a late-night menu served until 3 30 a.m
Open seven days Hulligans is located in the Dayland lands of shopping center
95 55
Saftixi highway just across from the Dayland Metro Rail Station. That's Hulligans
This is Steve Cain for Ledom where lobster lunacy continues that
Unbelievable price on a three pound main lobster dinner only
$25 for the entire dinner
And this of course by way of introducing you to the fabulous gourmet cuisine at Ledom
If you're not a lobster person that château brionne for two tender
Succulent and juicy either with their great homemade bernet sauce or their au pois sauce with cracked peppercorns
These chicken moderate bone was pressed of chicken sauce eight in light wine with lemon and artichoke hearts
The shrimp borah borah delicately deep fried and rolled in coconut served with an orange horse radish dipping sauce
And of course don't forget that incredible main lobster special a three pound main lobster dinner only
$25 at Ledom they're located one block west of the intercoastle just a little south of Las Olas
We suggest you call for information at 463 3303
Incredible gourmet dining at Ledom you'd be sure to tell them that you heard it on Steve's show
When the sun goes down our king rush limbaugh
Tom Snyder and Larry King every week night beginning at eight now more with neo-rushers our new talk radio six 10
W I O D
Matter of fact if he's coming in town for the what is he coming for who are these super bowl Larry?
Oh, yeah, maybe he can cash a check for me
29 after one at W I O D will go all key west was online one and they disappeared. Oh, what a shame, huh?
I don't believe it anyway. There's nobody in key west. Oh, Boca. Hello
Boca
Is gone. That's good. We haven't only that police officer really did it for us
There's another one in Brown that just disappeared. These are popping off like popcorn man. Well, it's good to clean out the lines once in a while
Must be that issue oriented. Well, I don't want to do issue oriented talking
I'm sorry all I did was make a passing comment about Steve show yesterday in that line that he gave about you think that the cops were the criminals
And it just struck me and I made one comment about it and now right away we want to do
Issues tissues and answers here. Okay. I'm not doing it. I'm just doing it. He struck a nerd. Obviously a nerd is the word
Nerd is the word. Okay, let's try Ojos. He's got to be somebody there. Hello. Hold on. Let me click my box off
Is boss is that what he said? I don't know what he said. I think he said is box off
Yeah, I'm gonna click his box off. Hey, click this box off. All right, I never to be heard from again in Ojos open line and brown
524 W I O D boy there rattling their spears now are they
Palm Beach. Hey, hey, how you doing? Okay. Hi, Glenn. How are you? Fine? Hey, listen. I know how much you guys I'm sorry. Go ahead
Okay, I know how much you guys love those of us who call from Palm bitch
I want you to know that I'm one of the few living in the land of greed the home of the green walking dad we know
Listen the reason I live here is oh now wait a minute sir
Just discovered something that's gonna make you wake up and listen to this the topic on the Larry King show tonight
Yeah, and I'm not making this up either
Making maps of the United States the guest will be Dr. Michael Dobson
Cartographer for Rand McNally
I can't wait holy to leave that ought to get these old bitches here in Palm better get my adrenaline going
I'll tell you that well, I'm gonna miss some sky. I may have to stay home from the track just to listen in
Making maps
Making maps. Yeah, that's gonna be what I'm gonna do tonight. Yeah
Listen, I want you know we do have first in Palm Beach. You really rip us apart
Okay, but I want you to know and Palm Beach our first is the Metamusial Society
For the women it's called the blue hair who'd like to think they're wealthy bitch clubs
If it's rated second and none the closest runner up is the blue hair waiting to drop dead while driving club and that's in sunrise
I
On Glenn and it's still greeting the Foxo and I just wanted to see who
I'll Foxo, you know sunny sunny Foxo. Yeah. Oh Foxo Foxo. I just want to say his old station. Why scrooge?
They've got one less list there down there. Okay. Well listen. Thanks for your inane call have a great day
Hey you too. Bye. Good day
Wow that was
Something indescribable 132 a W I O D making maps of the US God you didn't tell me that
That is frightening, you know what doctor Mike dobson. I remember Mike. He's a cartographer for random magnalities matter in fact
Yeah, now Rand's not gonna be on there himself is he
No, but I think Dave McNally's gonna be under used to pitch for the Orioles many years ago
Probably Rex Rand
Right Rex Rex they're bringing Rexie sexy Rexie Rexie Rexie. They've linked Nally
And they're gonna make a map and it's gonna have arrows for Larry to follow and it's gonna be all pointed to East
133 April worth of Miss Danny, but now we don't want to go into a big thing and embarrass her and talk about the tremendous fan club that she's developing out there in the audience here
He never had this much notoriety when the dean was here, huh? That's what she claimed
I find it hard to believe well, he kind of kept in secret, you know
But we want everybody to understand that we have somebody very spatial in that newsroom now who
Graces the airwaves and a lot of people are ready to stand at attention right now
It's 133 at W.Y. home twice as fast now more with Neil Rogers our new stock radio 610 W I O D
Oh, what year?
Is there is the team
I don't have a better end over for a while
But I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll heaven all those thinking of you with Christmas
And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message a message of peace
Like how about a little piece of that high-go-on bar?
The walk of a slam
Christmas is a time of hoot time of joy
What time for love and I sure would love it takes life that's what you got there
Okay, oh
Oh, yeah Christmas
The Christmas to me means
Family
Your family means friends
The friends means getting together and getting together means
Eaton
All past me that's on the day. Which place? Well, flaky. I'm more
Not just a little slater you're right now
You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big
But ain't nobody's so big you can't reach out a helping hand
I'm helping a hand
Well, would you hand me a helping those my data's over there? Which I believe?
It's like it. I got it right
Now like I was playing nobody's so big you can stoop to help a friend of neat over the holiday season
I'm speaking of season
Won't pass me that soul sugar when you get the chance like yeah, just just those screw the color
That's right like you I don't know
So this Christmas, I don't y'all take a tip from old
Ails
Now I'll leave those stay till right where they are. You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family
You know God made man unto his own image
You're looking the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big big sin of a gun. You know what I mean?
I like you do
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing
When y'all this home was Christmas springing that popcorn up on the tree
Save a big big bowl for the can
Extra butter to my
Well, that's lurping sounds real familiar to not one 38 at W I O D
At our next call now. I'm gonna try this again, but I have my dots. It says again
Employee of a major convenience store. Hello
Hello, yes
Uh-huh. Hello
What's happening? Not much. Okay. I got a question a couple questions for you. If you don't mind. Yeah
Okay, uh, I'm over here in between the pompano deer field border and uh, I've been thinking about the Camilla South a lot
There are I'd have to say 25 to 50 I guess I'll call them street people
They just live around here, but in the shopping center
Is there any place closer than the Camilla South that could help these people?
Yeah, there's a place in uh, Broward. I'm trying to think of the name. We did some things for him a couple of years ago
What is the name of the um?
It's not the daily food bank. There's um
Somebody will call it and tell me I don't remember the name of it. Oh great because they kind of I feel formed
They just walk around all day long with their garbage bags and yeah, it's really sad and the second question
And I'll just wish you all Merry Christmas is
Wait a minute isn't that the Delavos shelter is that it? That could be I think that's it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's great. Appreciate the information
We're thinking strongly about going to see the uh
The movie you've been talking about all day
Rainman rainman and is it appropriate for a 10 and 11 year old child? Absolutely. Okay, because they would really like to go in there
I mean, there's a little bit of language in there, but nothing they don't hear at home. Yeah. Oh, yeah
Of course rated pg movies are worse than most of the already. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate the information to have a happy holiday
You too. Thanks. One 40 see I told you there was somebody good there on the convenience store
I don't understand what that was all about, but it was good
Open line and brown word 524 wiod and west Miami on three hello
Uh happy holidays to both of you mr. Hill. Thank you, sir and
Rogers of course my favorite
Long-long time listener and I haven't called in uh about three years good
When you were at wins
Not so good ticket ass
Um one thing two things as a matter of fact one of course uh
I didn't listen to yesterday. It was uh very busy and um somebody told me I think it was Donna
Very funny, sir. Oh, very funny. I guess you want this to be a short call. No, no, please don't dump me
No, you're not leaving. Are you? No, okay, everything's everything's so sure nobody ever said I was leaving. We just had a little
We're misunderstood a little simmiss here yesterday and they got a little emotional and did some stupid things and they have a
Apologized and for the 80th time this week and I said don't you ever do it again
Just cut the crap and mind your own business and get out of my life and they will they have all right all right
That's great. There's last question
What is if you can and I you know no more issues
No, but one question what is his federal
Great. What is the federal communications up to with this jessy film thing that Paul know when you just relax for the all the bill says
They've already passed the ruling before and they made an exception and they said from midnight to six in the morning in decent speech is okay
Now they're saying because jessy helms stuck that thing into a
A funding bill in congress
Not this thing that they have to go by that and they're going to enforce it 24 hours a day. It doesn't affect anything
It'll affect some of the stuff you'd see on tv
But they already are saying that it's unconstitutional. It's never going to hold up the broadcasters are going to challenge it in court
So I wouldn't worry about it. Well, there it is
It's just what you'd expect from an eanderthal right wing douchebag like jessy helms, okay?
You bet and one more thing your producers
Nobody has said this but your producer is a great guy wonderful American that is correct have a nice day both of you have a happy holiday
And you two and don't come again for another three years, okay?
142 at wiod
Oh, yeah, I know why I was gonna play
Kick and ask with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida
From the keys to the palm beaches even out to the Bahamas
This is wian
Miami, hello, hello. Yes. How you doing on kaneo great. How you doing bird fine?
Fine, you know, I'm looking at the bone in the box
Are you yeah, I have a original
Hotsu the magazine must have good vision sir. Oh, this is pretty incredible
But I used to have like a year's worth of a hotsu the magazine. Uh-huh. My wife
For me to do
Either choose her or the hockers. Yeah, and so I'm so how she doing now, huh? Where is she now my wife? Yeah, oh she's a work
Ha ha ha she doesn't listen to me. No, okay, whatever you say. Let me ask you something. What is her problem? She didn't like the show, huh?
Uh, she's better religious, you know, oh, I see you know how it is. Yeah, she's into that superstitious stuff
Listen, no, now listen, do you know that the
You're not in the Santa Ria. She oh, no, no, not just American. Okay. You know the version
You know the version of your mama. Yeah, you know, I mean it
You made it yeah, are you serious? Yeah, I'm the guy that says yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great
It is great. Your part especially man is tremendous. Am I gonna get any royalties? No, huh
You'll just get the honor of being on this show you'll get the notoriety until your wife finds about it
Makes you give give it up. Yeah, no, not really
Could you play it for me the whole thing?
You'll survive what I mean
I want to be a celebrity don't come to him. Yeah, I already played it, but I know you did
I'll play a little bit of it here to pacify you okay
I'll put those magazines away, okay
Okay, well don't let don't give up on that one
Oh
Okay, listen have a nice day
Now where is his part
That's what they like like to say when they look at the boon in the box where is his part
You
Don't do this don't do that don't talk about this don't talk about this
Don't do this don't do that don't talk about this don't talk about that
Don't
You don't understand and it's just a radio
Hey
Where is he
Something is what's like in the last 30 seconds is coming around come around
Okay, there's 145 what was him wasn't yeah, absolutely
Okay, here's a hot tip on three hello. Oh hi guys. Yes, sir
Kerry Stutz 9th race today at Calder
Merry Christmas. Love your show. Thank you. Bye-bye. Oh, no look at this everybody's running for the show
Now now give me the paper there. You don't know anything about it. Okay, and let's keep it that way what now
Look at the ninth race
We got the good charts today the Miami news charts. Those are the best
Yeah, sure anything you
They are the most complete oh
Here's one for Elvis had one yesterday peanut butter on it with odious londano
Paid 740 ninth race
Well, this isn't gonna do me any good. I got to have the herald sports section because they don't list the trainers
Oh, they don't in the news now the news doesn't have good racing charts. It's big
It's big. Well, that's because they got two days in here that they squeeze in you know
Have the herald sports that we don't have it. Well, I think it now we had it because I looked in there for the apompti
Result you know what happened what well wait a minute maybe I got it here. I got it right here. Don't everybody panic
Now just stay calm and get this mess out of here put this stuff back together again. Let's get it out of here before
Steve gets all hyper and the starts hyper ventilating over ninth race
Forget about it that doesn't list the trainers. Okay. Oh
Okay
I thought he oh I see who's giving us the name of the horse Harry was talking about starts the trainer now
The two horse and the ninth race with Doug Valleander great jockey
Well, how about that and speaking of incredible Sharon has something in her hand
It's that check for a thousand dollars. I'll be damned from frank. I thank you very very much
Lord and also little gator for it. That's not a gator. Well, it's a green gator. It's not real. It's not an orange gator
Thank you Frank here. Take the check. I don't want nice shirt. I want to hang on to that
Thank you Frank from the bottom of our heart. So that raises our total now
What happened to my pen?
Do I have one?
She's all of a sudden at the end of the show here. It's like we're coming on glued you know it raises the total today
3480 and for the whole deal 24,000 149
So beyond a shadow of a doubt even if nothing comes in a mail or mara that means nickel just have to come up with 751
851 bucks. Oh easy. So that's not too bad. You need to handle that right
Okay, it's 148. You know as he just today blank looks all day he is just in a fog, man
Just you know why we didn't feed him any lunch today, did we?
Let me get some cake. Okay, here comes the message now on the bottom of the screen. I went to a
Bachelor party
Last night. Oh, I see so he's totally out of it. That explains a lot. Yeah. Okay, listen. Here's a great place
You can go to right now and it's not going to cost you an arm and leg for a delicious lunch or whatever it is
You're doing this time of the afternoon char hut where they serve real food
Quickly, okay? You don't get anything prefabricated nothing that's been sitting under heat lamps getting like mung
Like some of those other hamburger chains, man
I tell you some of those places ought to be arrested for what they served you okay at char hut
Everything is fresh never frozen and they make it exactly the way you want it
They cook it right in front of your eyes. Okay, you stand there letting you boss them around a little bit say wait a minute
Wait a minute. I want cheese on that okay, and you make sure that they do it exactly the way that you want it because that's what they want to do
Man, they want to give it to you your way for real never any preservatives or additives
They don't coat their char-burel chicken with any mung on the outside to cover up what you're getting
You see exactly what you're getting fresh delicious chicken and Italian sausage burgers fries
So those great onion rings and lots more and don't forget six char hut locations. They are in
Sunrise at 2601 North University drive very close to plantation okay
Don't panic tamarack at 3915 West commercial
Davie at 4400 South University drive just North agriffin road with a drive through there by the way
Hollywood at 2095 North state road seven not far from
Toyota of Hollywood Miami at 211 North West Succane avenue and in Oakland Park at 751 East commercial boulevard and don't forget coming in January
I promised trust me
Coming in January the Margate char hut
Our news talk radio six 10 W I O D
Yeah, just forget this other's noted so our friend Frank grassy at 90 shoe stores great and
What a guy he sent a thousand bucks for the Camila sauce
We want to thank him profusely along with a nice note and the little thing over there whatever that thing is the gator the gator
Yeah, I didn't have a thing about gay. I know okay now, but again. Thank God. It's not a
Orange and white gator. It's a green gator. Yeah, it's okay
It's a gator who was at the parties at Nick was that last night. That's why it's green today
Okay, let's go to tamarack hello
Hi Neil. Hi. How are you doing great? How's life treating you? Well better than it was yesterday
Really? Yeah, we had a bad day here yesterday
We had some people who were up changing their underwear every two seconds. I didn't get a chance to listen to yesterday
So I don't know thank God
How you doing Bart? Fine you missed a hell of a show. I did
Yeah, well, um, this has been the first week that I've been able to listen to all four hours last week
I was laid off for my job. They had a lot of people go. Oh boy
And you mean you mean right before Christmas? They let people go. Yeah, it's never a night
Boy sounds like why 100 today?
No, it wasn't why 100 but it was close
Um
Hopefully my next job I'll get to listen to you when I was working there. They wouldn't let me listen to you
Why is that? Um, we had to listen to the motivation station
Can you tell us what kind of a place it was? Oh, yeah, it was a computer company. Oh, yeah, yeah, highly motivated no doubt
No, yeah, so you know you've learned so much
Who are they kidding? Yeah
How's your blessings? Count your blessings now when Earl Nightingale came on did everything stop like in the office
Everybody stop typing. I think you put everybody
Yeah, they stopped all right. They went into a coma
Yeah, I said well, why can't we listen to Neil? He says well because you won't learn anything if you listen to the motivation station
You'll get more motivated. Yeah, that's what Larry King says, man. You got to be informed and entertained at the same time
That's why I'm listening to that math maker tonight, man. I won't
Well, that Leo Biscale you know
Well, I just called to speak both the happy holiday. Well, same to you and I hope you find something better than that
Insanity you were in I know well, hopefully I'll get you know my next job I'll get to listen to you because when I don't get to listen
Do I get really depressed? I don't blame him. Okay, listen have a great one. Bye. Bye. Bye
Okay, here's a rainman report. There he is star of stage screen and extra curricular activities mr. Cain
In the holiday spirit today is gonna have a um rabbi a Jew and a atheist
Now he doesn't have a rabbi today. We banned the rabbi from the cane show
But we have Reverend Dwight Porter and atheist John O'Neill are gonna go 10 rounds with no gloves gonna be great
Let's go to we have a rainman report in date county. Hello. Hi Neil. This is the ass we're going in
Yeah, I went to see rainman the other night. Oh, no, it was what?
I was great. Okay, fantastic Dustin Hoffman is very versatile
I loved it and I cried during the same scene that you did when when he uh when he hit his Charlie's head when Raymond and
Charlie hit heads. Yeah, that was where I cried too
It was definitely touching. Yeah, don't say head on this show sir some people get very upset
Ha ha ha
Hey, um, I'm I'm my delivery here at work. I go out on kibis game. Do you go out there much?
Kibis game. Oh, yeah, I go there every day. Well don't you think I never go to kibis game. What would I do out there?
I don't know
But if you've ever been out there, you'll see that there are a lot of fossils that are living out there
I think they should have assigned above the entrance that should say retirement community. Yeah, fossil alert
Definitely mm-hmm, but um we don't get as a matter of fact, you know with all this money that we get
I don't really have a chance to look at all the addresses because there's somebody checks and things
Very rarely once in a blue moon do we get anything once in a blue here?
Do we get anything from kibis game? Okay, and I know that's a lot of poor people out there. They can't afford it
But they they sure aren't too loose with the bucks out there
Right. There must be a lot of french canadians living there probably
Well, they got a they've got a speed limit out there 45 miles per hour, which I always exceed because it's too slow
But uh sometimes I get behind an old folk that's in a car doing the speed limit or below it
And uh, so yeah, there's nothing like getting behind a car where they're doing it. Yeah
But one day when I was behind such a car
I thought of a question that they should have on a driving on a driving test
Um that if you come up behind a car doing below the speed limit
What should you look for in the car in front of you to know whether you should pass the answer gray hair
Blue hair or gray here at all depends see there's a difference you can if it's blue hair you're probably enbroured
Uh-huh, it's gray here. You're in date true
But uh, and if it's kind of like purple hair, you're probably on keep his gain right well
I can put down old people, but I have an old grandfather did turn 97 last Friday
And uh, but he keeps to himself. He's not like the old bad guy here good. Let him keep to himself
Let's you tell him keep it that way. Uh, I mean, you know, he isn't opinionated and calling radio stations
Like the comment down here. Yeah. Oh, that's good. Don't get him a phone. Whatever you do. Right. Okay. Listen have a great holiday
Okay, you too. Bye. Okay. Bye. Bye
157 at WIO D boy. This has been pretty painless today, you know, I must say analyzing it from the rear of the show
Uh, it's been you know, okay little more in the spirit people actually been saying very Christmas and stuff
Which was none of that yesterday at all. I don't know yesterday. They were surly. Oh
And then of course we had our little uh
Life crisis there in the middle of the show and then it really went nuts. Yeah true did tell us hour and a half wow
Excuse my
Getting emotional in motions anyway. I'm gonna be glued to the radio on the way home because I want to hear Reverend Porter
I haven't heard him at least a two or three days
Talk about a chronic guest man. Oh man. I wasn't this the guy who's like ultra right wing. I'm sure he is
Ultra right wing homophobic
Man narrow-minded that kind of stuff
Reverend Porter and atheist John O'Neal perfect for the holidays
Perfect you to in the holiday spirit and they're gonna be slugging it out and screaming and yelling and carrying on and calling each other names
And showing you that it's love and brotherhood that really counts at this time of the season right
That's it
Anyway, I want to mention again. We thank everybody who's sending in and of course the tapes will be coming to you
Probably a year from Shivuas. I mean just relax riches got a smile on his face and he knows you if you live long enough
You'll get the tape but just be patient because we've got a ton of male
In fact, we should have made Denonberg come and open all the male
Then he'd realize the incredible audience we've got here now and he would stop kfetching and getting nervous and carrying on and getting all
Emotionally would calm down and get a real life for himself, okay?
3,480 bucks today
I think that's the biggest that's the biggest day we've had thanks to Frank's thousand dollar. Yeah, it is I believe
I mean that's an incredible total. That's a great thing. So that brings our grand total for Camila's house to
24,149 which means that no matter what the mail is tomorrow
We know we're gonna go over 25 grand so they'll be able to buy their van that brand new seven passenger van
They'll have desperately need over there to transport people from their medical clinic to Jackson and wherever and to pick people up
Who are far from their facility and
