Okay, can you believe this that we're actually over here? It seems like only yesterday.
We were depressed and morbid and suicidal and here we are in this beautiful
collatial studio and everybody is so friendly and nice. It's weird, isn't it?
Weird and it's incredible. Anyway, good morning to 10.05 at 6.10.00 W.I.O.D.
and this is our inaugural our debut and which is always an exciting event. Let me just
make sure I got everything technically straightened out because you know we come from a very
up front and uptight technical situation at the other place. Which we'll be talking about at
length anyway. I just want them to get ready and get the machines rolling. I want to know what
Renerie was talking about this morning. The mystery picker. Did you hear him talking about that
all morning long? The mystery picker and I thought Mike just in a couple of days we haven't
even officially started yet and we've influenced that man. Okay, now we got a mobile collar. Look at
that phone go nuts here. We haven't given the numbers out. We want to thank Jane from eats and
treats and then over tons of food. We haven't opened it yet because we know that there's a big
this is going to be our first and hopefully our only real controversy with the management here
is about the food in the studio because the engineers and the management are really uptight
about this beautiful, polatial new studio and I can understand that. I can relate to what do they
think we're going to do. We're going to turn this into a luncheon. We can be real neat. Trust me if
they've heard before they know that we can eat more and leave no trace. Oh yeah, we're okay. We're
all hands at this and the Johnny Jesus brand pizza at 11.00. So I don't know what we're going to do
with that but we're going to have to confront the food in the studio issue real quick. Okay,
we got this mobile on one. Let's see if I can do this right. Okay. Hello. Yes sir. I'm the inaugural
caller. Yes sir. You're number one sir. I can't buy. I do that. I'm so impressed with myself. You
want to be sir. Are you honored? I've only talked to you once before. You want to go home and write
this in your diary. Okay. I tell you this is like the most impressive moment of your life. So where
are you right now? You're in your car. I'm actually driving US one on my way to downtown Miami
with a 45 minutes away that clearance that was only going to be 50. Well, you know clearance.
He's had a rough case. Now you're the sports voice of of South Florida. You're on the sports
voice. That is correct. Now you're not going to start with sports, tell you sir. We just
got to start with sports stock for an hour there. You're not going to do sports.
I'm not going to get into anything that's really that controversial. Yeah. But you're a
powerful. Just have known you on one sports. You used to be a pilot fan. That's correct.
But not but not for like five minutes for 30 years. Okay. Okay. Time out 40. You're talking to
then. Yeah. I'm going to say what's going to be talking about. I'm saying no. I didn't switch to
the meds. What kind of a call is this to start? No. I'm a Cubs fan and a butt man. Okay.
Right. Fine. I just want to congratulate you. You want to turn immediately from a good
caller into a dude fast. Don't you want to do? I like that. I got you. I got you going early.
Yeah. You really do. You got my adrenaline going here. Oh, good. I didn't have a wonderful life.
I got a lot of important calls here. I understand that. But I wanted to congratulate you.
And I wanted to be your Niagara caller. And remember me that gunner. Okay, sir. It's a pleasure
to talk to you. Lots of lots. And I hope you have a lot of fun on this station. Okay. Have a
wonderful life. Okay. Those phones are going up. So we've even got Stem on my mobile phone. Hello.
Hi. This is Paul. I'm going to call it. It's Stem on O on eight. Oh, Stem is on eight. This is who?
This is Hollywood. Well, as long as there's a voice there, that's all I care about. How you doing?
It's great. It's great to hear your voice again. It's a bit exciting. It takes me back almost two
years, but a year and a half to when we're on AM on a real in, you know, in a real part of the day
when people are awake and alive. And we get all these mobile callers and the people under the age
of a hundred. It's frightening. Isn't it, sir? I'm real happy for you. Neil, that you don't have to sell your house.
Exactly. Are you going to try to get a standard job there? No.
Well, I never thought I'd hear you on AM again. I'm really glad to hear you.
Okay. Well, have a wonderful day, sir. And thanks for your very perspicacious call.
Now, what is this Stem is on my mobile phone? The reason I want to get this quick is because I'm
paying for the car. Hello. There he is on my car phone. Yeah. What's going on?
Nothing much. It's driving to work. Well, congratulations. It's about time.
And it's why I said it's about time. It's something constructive with your life. Of course. Welcome to AM.
Thank you so much. So I'm going to bring out the old stuff now or what?
We got some real good stuff coming up. In fact, we have some shockers coming later in the hour.
So get your real to real going and whatever else. Okay. All right. Make sure
somebody's listening. Okay. Get off my phone now. Will you please? All right. I'll go now.
Bye. I think they thought I'm short that call was exactly because I was paying for it.
Okay. Just want to make sure I'm doing all these things right. This is pretty simple. You know what?
It really is. I got a volume on the phone. Say a little bit. Got everything here. Well,
no, he's controlling him in there. Why are you having trouble hearing him? Oh,
a little. Well, wait a minute. See, I can crank the monitor level up here. And the overhead,
you'll be able to hear him better. Right? It's a little, uh, any other complaints? That's it.
So far. Okay. All right. Now we're going to do break at 10. Boy, this is exciting. You know,
because everything is on the screen. This is almost like a real professional radio station,
instead of like having the log, you know, falling on the floor and in between the layers of pizza.
Well, it used to happen. It's like you'd get all those layers of mong on the log and you couldn't
read it anymore. You didn't know what spot was coming up. It was kind of exciting. Separate phone,
volume control. You mean like in here? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what you. Okay. You can.
Well, we work on this. Yeah. This is the first day. First hour. We're going to do a break now.
Is this our first inaugural break on the new Roger show and W IOD? Okay. It's 10 10 on 610 W IOD. All right.
Okay. It's 10 14. And I'm going to play something here. But I got a caution. You're going to have
a better dub of this tomorrow or the next day. Yeah. This is a horrendous. The quality is not what
you'd call real exciting. But this is a. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I was driving down 95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
Or did you work in your whole life? Either way, it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A. That's that's so early. And don't you try to blame it on me?
You need to serve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight.
We're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I was talking to your mother.
Yes, the other night.
I told her I passed you an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right.
Oh, yeah.
And all your friends are assholes. Because you know that your whole life.
Somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Were you born an asshole? Or did you work in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Okay, so it was a little off speed. It was a little bit slow and a little bit muffled. But
it takes us back to those wonderful glory days. And then do something for you?
The glory day. Okay, it's 10, 17 on 6, 10, WI-O-D, the near Roger Show. And of course,
Uncle Steve will be along this afternoon. Another one of Steve's contrived debates.
And he's going to have a bunch of blacks in here being each other's brains out.
Right? And have a blacks for Ducakis. And he went out and they conducted a very,
very lengthy search in blacks for Bush, which is really going to be exciting.
So they said that Bush is going to get about 15% of the black vote, which I think shows you how
incompetent the Ducakis campaign is. I mean, that's almost impossible.
Okay, now one thing that I have a bad habit of doing, I take these mobile callers ahead and
always pay for it. Hello. Hello. Yes, are you mobile? No, I'm not. Oh, I'm under a,
oh, that's, uh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I want to be your first gal. That was on one.
Now, am I under wrong? That's your mistake? My mistake. Oh, you told him that you were mobile, huh?
I don't know. No, I did not. I bought, yeah, okay. No, I didn't.
In other words, you just told little 50 get on right away, right?
Okay, go ahead. I know I understand. I just want to be your first lady.
Yeah, okay. Okay. You would be too. Trust me.
In more ways than one. That is correct.
Yeah, right. Can you turn that up louder in here?
In here a little bit. Okay. Now, wait a minute. Is that better? Talk.
Okay. Is that better?
Lots of luck. Now, wait a minute. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. Oh, wait a minute.
The telephone level there. Okay, go ahead. All right.
Oh, okay. Get your buttons working.
Okay. You just mind your own buttons. Okay. I'll take care of my buttons and you
worry about yours. Okay.
So what's going on? First of all, happy birthday.
Thank you. It was a lot of fun. We had a very quiet day and I want to thank Ray Nappett,
Rick oven pizza for throwing a little party for us. It was great. Great, great, great.
Loads of luck where you are right now. Now I can sleep an hour later in the morning.
Yeah, you know, that getting up at 4.30 in the morning. That was hell.
I used to get up at 6. Just to listen to you.
Yeah, it was hell. That's right. But listen, I'm the lady to go ahead.
Wait a minute. I'm the gal that called you. Did you do anything about electrocuting your
termites? Yes. So it didn't have any termites. It turned out it was just like the wood.
It's a whole long story and I don't want to put the audience in a coma.
No, okay. We'll let Mike talk about it tomorrow.
Yeah. Yeah. I heard that.
Along with the mystery picker. I want to know what that means.
Yeah. I have no idea. The mystery picker.
Boy, they had to bring in a crane to get that finger out of his nose here.
That it was disgusting.
Listen, play that music.
Yeah, we're going to do a lot of good stuff here today.
Didn't that bring back memories? What we just, uh, of course, I bet it did.
We're ways than one dude.
You got it. Well, listen, have a wonderful day.
Our first lady, car and don't ever lie to my producer again.
I didn't say anything. It's just a joke. Relax.
Yeah. Okay. Have a nice one. Bye-bye.
We got another break to do now. This is good.
You realize something we haven't done anything yet?
No, not a thing.
And on his first day, Steve was right.
There's like a honeymoon period.
Yeah. And everybody, oh, you're so wonderful.
Oh, yeah. All the butt liquors will be calling in.
Now, one thing we don't want anybody over a hundred.
Okay, we got to get rid of some of these old farts.
It called WIOD.
We don't want them on this show.
We want them to listen and sit back and relax.
But we don't want to hear their voices because it's bad.
It's bad for the sales department.
It sounds like bad demographics.
We want those young pinheads to come back.
Don't we?
Except for the struggling lady.
Oh, yeah. We can call any time.
Yeah. Okay. Now, let me give the numbers.
All of the phones are going nuts here.
Budget.
It would be nice if I gave the numbers.
They county 751 WIOD for Lauderdale and Broward 524 WIOD.
I feel like sandy now.
All these numbers, man.
I used to listen to her give those numbers.
Which is also good because that takes like a whole break.
Bokeh and Delray 278 WIOD and in the Palm Beach is 655 WIOD.
It's 1021 on 610 WIOD.
And this is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Okay, and they will.
I'm sure that 1025 on 610 WIOD, then you'll round your show.
That brought a tear to my eye.
That Steve Cain thing.
It really did.
Wasn't that a lot of BS?
Most of it is, you know, when you're full of it, it comes out of your face.
It does.
It knows that's the way we feel.
Okay, let's say now you're sure this is a mobile, right?
Okay, positive.
Hello.
Hey, listen, I want to congratulate all of you.
There is he.
Absolutely my grandson.
Oh, and I want to tell him happy birthday.
Boy, you got the quietest engine in your car that I've ever heard in my life, you know what?
Really?
Yeah.
Can you blow your horn for us?
It's to your horn one time.
Come on.
Well, let me see.
Give us a little tooth.
A tooth tooth.
There you go.
Yeah, I left it.
Boy, I can't believe it.
Well, listen, have a wonderful day and don't ever call a show again, okay?
Well, they are really giving you a line of BS today, aren't they?
They're really giving a deal.
So don't ever say for sure.
Say so they say or something like that.
Miami, hello.
I do a nail.
Pretty good.
Boy, listen to these phones.
This is great, isn't it?
It is actually.
It sound like you're in the same county almost.
You're the same planet.
No, I'm from Miami.
Great.
It's great hearing your voice again.
I saw myself calling 976 Niel just to hear your voice.
Well, thank God for them.
Maybe I should have stayed off another couple of weeks.
Could have picked up the most serious chain.
Just great.
Yeah, we're glad to be here.
That wasn't bad.
And that was pretty good.
Yeah, that was embellished.
Yeah.
When I called the police, we used to work.
Yeah, I was awake and I was woken up and I called the station.
And I listened to Dave and the Ford.
And I said, what happened?
And he said, oh, well, they were driving the work.
And the spaceship took them off.
I just really didn't know what happened.
The spaceship?
Yeah.
Spaceship.
I like that.
I have nothing to say.
I understand about that particular show.
Oh, really?
But I'm glad to hear you.
And lots of luck.
I'd have to stay by the way.
Thank you very much.
You're a great American and we appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Now the bird, I want to think, wait a minute.
I want to think I'm confused about.
Yeah, so I got to get figure out where I am.
OK, at all times.
No, seriously, because then when you punch the off,
but it's kind of stupid if you punch the wrong bank.
And then like you hear that click,
like he hung up there and it sounds like real bush league.
Before we used to that, 1027 on WIOD.
And Johnny Jesus bringing that pizza.
Now they're going to get upset when the food comes in here.
Because I didn't expect on the first day,
I really didn't that we'd have this confrontation.
I thought that would take at least a few days.
And then we do it our way, OK?
But when I'm telling you, by the time we leave here,
there won't be a scratch.
Trust me.
They will never know that there was any food in here.
Believe me.
Sharon's worried.
Jesus, if he's going to gain all this weight with us here.
And he looks a little bit emaciated.
She could put on a couple of pounds.
No, seriously, you could put on a couple of pounds.
Nobody would ever know the difference.
Now I do want to say this, OK?
Because we have a lot of,
see, there's so much insanity going on here.
Because we've got all the phones ringing like crazy.
It's that honeymoon period.
You know, a couple of weeks will be back in for calls.
And then everybody is so enthusiastic in the building.
And the food is coming in.
And it's one of those things that happens on your first day back
after that long rest.
What were we off for three days?
Five.
No, no, but I mean three.
Oh, yeah, three work days.
What a nice.
It was real nice.
It was a great time.
Although it seems to me that I was here a couple of days.
Wasn't I?
You were here Friday.
And I want to thank Steve, by the way.
Steve was very cordial and friendly.
We'll see how long that lasts.
But now he was.
He was great.
And we'll whip him into shape.
We'll get rid of the baseball card stuff
and all that boring crap that he's
going to have it a doing.
Are we?
And we'll force him to do a real show every day.
Wow.
Right?
I mean, we're not doing one today.
This is like, this requires no effort whatsoever.
But we'll whip him into shape.
And force him to be at his best, which is when he's dangerous.
But the thing that astonishes me is that there
are people at the place where we used to work.
Can we mention Zeta?
See, I have to ask everything.
Because one thing about Bill Wise here
is our operations manager, no matter what I say to him.
And I clear everything with him.
OK.
Everything.
I say, you know, is it OK if we do this or play it?
Of course.
What's wrong with that?
That's what he always says every time he says that.
Exactly.
I mean, like when we played the George Carlin record
in the next hour, he's not going to have any problem with that.
Just a joke, Bill, relax.
You can say Zeta for.
OK, so we can say Zeta for.
And we used to be there.
And we were there for a year.
And a lot of people are wondering,
why would they take the number?
Well, they didn't do anything.
Because I went to them and I said,
by, like Chef Crowley on it, have you ever seen Chef Crowley
who peddled the kitchen stuff on TV?
And he goes, bye, bye, like that.
And I gave him a little like that.
And they said, boy, your wrist is a lot limper today
than it was a year ago.
And I said, that's from working for you people, OK?
Because you've intimidated.
You've harassed.
You've hassled.
You've done everything it was to make us miserable as a reward
for getting you these great numbers.
Yeah.
And what they tried to tell us, and I
know people are not going to believe this.
And we won't mention Tim's name because he's defensive.
He just want to be hassled.
So we'll just say upper level management over there.
Fine.
Was brain dead.
OK, is that a nice way to put it in that?
And it came to me and they said,
well, you know, it's nice that you're number one.
But we would rather have you be number three.
And I said, I don't know how to be number three.
How do you be number three?
OK.
And they said as far as creativity is concerned, forget it.
Yeah, we don't want any.
We just don't want it.
We just want a nice safe show.
And that's what they've got.
OK, when you're doing ones, it's nice.
And it's safe.
And if taking an AM and they've gone back to that all news
format, which was a terminal loser about three years ago,
remember?
That's why they changed it.
And they blew out Stan and Jay and everything else.
They're all of the talk virtually.
And they put the all news back, which
has the oldest demographic of any format in the country.
Number one, and number two, it's failed here.
Yeah, but it was very successful years ago.
And then it just it ran out again.
But you know, Mark, if you got admit, they got that tree doctor.
The tree doctor's tough.
You're right.
In fact, if Ernie is listening this morning,
you'd be up against that tree surgeon.
Oh, I'm going to tell you he's not an olim.
And believe me, trust me, that whole place is out on the limb.
So no, but the amazing thing.
And you're going to be surprised to hear me say this,
because I know you're a venomous person.
But no, seriously, I don't have any hostile feelings.
It's like I'm so relieved to be out of there.
And away from those doodle birds that I just don't, I'm numb.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought after we left, I thought,
I was going to be just come on here and attack them and rip and tear and go crazy.
And I just don't have the feeling to do it because I'm just, I, I just am numb.
I guess that's the best way to put it.
I'm almost at a loss for words.
Well, do you remember what I said to you when I left?
I said the last day we were, I said, there's absolutely no need to wish them
anything bad.
Well, we don't have to do it because you're going to take care of it.
They'll all take care of it.
Yeah, they're going to do a real good job.
We wish them all the best.
We do.
Well, we don't wish them anything bad.
I wish they'd all the best because they did a great job with us.
And he's a good guy and we still consider him a friend and all of that, although,
but anyway, he is.
He's a great guy and he did a lot of creative stuff for us.
And I wish him the best, but again, they haven't told him much either from what he tells me.
Really?
I don't want to put him in a precarious position, but they're just like kind of playing
at fast and loose like maybe you'll be on and maybe you won't and we're conducting a nationwide search.
Those nationwide searches that they conduct over there, man, they produce some of the most
incredible talent in the history like that.
Morning Zoo.
Do you remember that?
I remember that.
I remember, when he saw such a bunch of bird brains, is that?
I think they're still playing off.
That's kind of incredible.
So anyway, we're not going to mention the name of the upper level.
You know, it's amazing that they've got the gall, the hootspot, to be calling here and
telling us not to talk about man.
It's like they think we're still working there.
Yeah.
Have you ever heard anything like that in your life?
Well, they're trying, I guess, but they still try to intimidate us and to hassle us and
give us a rough time and they can go to hell, okay?
They can go to hell is what they can do as far as I'm concerned because they treated us like crap, like garbage.
Like some human mung is how they treated us and they just couldn't handle the success.
Remember back on AM, I slogan to describe their philosophy, mess with success?
Well, some people can't.
They can never handle the successful day parts.
They've always got a medal with them and the other parts where they're doing ones, I don't want to
mention any specific individuals over there, but the parts of the day where they're doing
like ones in a 1.2, which is like not even being on the air almost, hey, they love those people
because they don't make any waves and they don't say anything and there's no controversy.
Right.
And that's what it's all about.
I still wonder what that mystery picker was all about.
I even wrote that down, which I rarely write any little notes or anything, but the mystery
picker when Rene rekept saying that over and over and I thought, boy, we've really got
him nailed into a corner, no?
This is good.
Now, if Rich Pact is listening and this is a little inside thing, he is, by the way.
He's the guy who's got a positive that he's going to have that stuff.
Or he'll know where we can get it.
And he is listening.
I just, if he doesn't come up with the next couple of days, we're going to rip the crap
out of it.
All right.
Let me take a quick corner because I'm sitting here rambling and we ought to go to homestead.
Hello.
How you doing, bud?
How you doing, bud?
How you doing, bud?
How you doing, bud?
How you doing, bud?
I'm just going to go ahead and get you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of the main thing I want to show you of course what we will tell you about this and to this. This is what what we will tell you to do is warm up the flavours from within, you know. Right, so things have such a little bit of you know.
so unfortunate you have no idea and they said well we'll see you okay now
and listen you don't have to say anything but anyone because you have a talent
and you have intelligence to educate people they can you have been doing for
last eight years I sure have and I feel that you don't have to
stick down to that level because they lost what they had the best that is correct
myself I like thank you for all the help that you have given us the last eight
years and I also like the time you're playing the game song yeah if you're
fit in this town doesn't it yeah you like and if you have any idea then does
they start to stop you from doing that then he's doing something wrong because
you know doing anything illegal he doesn't want to listen to that he can turn
his radio off well that's true of anybody anybody doesn't want like what we're
doing it doesn't want to listen they can go whistle in a dark place okay have a
wonderful day and moving right along to see now I'm torn because I see Veggie is
on there in Boka and we haven't taken to Boka but I'm gonna take him out of
order because I'm so excited to see his name on the screen Veggie hey how you doing
the off pretty good what's up pal I'm just just be loaded I just can't believe it
there yeah I can't either you know that's a real radio station and the people
here have been really nice to us and we'll see how long that lasts okay yeah we'll
have you that you switched because number one I don't have to deal with the
operators for collect calls here right yeah we got a Boka line we got a Palm Beach
line like a real radio station okay unbelievable unbelievable is right I just I
just realized that just beginning to sink in you know I can catch your whole show now
I don't have to only catch your last half yeah my audience you know we did real good
numbers in the morning we had great demographics although they were the wrong ones of
course but the morning drive was just not our crowd okay they weren't awake yet and
they just couldn't call it was fun but uh... tourley that's right and plus you know I
just noticed you don't even have to deal with the way anymore really what do you mean by that
I don't think you have a developer yes oh yeah we do wrong trust me Veggie it's right
there it's flashing in fact as soon as we punched you up I started glowing a little
for rest of you know what I'm saying now it's going on now it's going like blink
and frantically that I hear your it's there trust me okay okay okay all right so
listen uh... the only tonight's talk and here and uh... and have a great life
yeah you too I'm glad I told you about your delay but now listen I want no the delay has been
on all along trust me because I can when we go into the break I hear it post uh...
post the Mortimer whatever they are okay I was able to hear my voice at the same time
on the radio but whatever I don't think so we're on delay aren't we now you are
we have been on delay what are you getting off been out of shape and they come out of
the way to do that new we come out of the way because Henry you can relate to that
kind of okay
okay you know Henry's whole life has been in delay so he's not okay listen have a great
day
yeah you too you know bye bye now it's a great guy really is in fact it was amazing like
old home week when we walked in here last two days that press conference because I look
around here all these people that I've worked with over the years in fact it looked like
we're just coming back to a people who escaped from a concentration camp or something
well I just said that to get Ernie's a title I know it was so weird because I was walking
down the hall Tuesday and they came up to me and they said Glenn this is Rick Weaver and
I went wow mr. Weaver to you okay weaver mr. and after yesterday's game I would stay
away from perfuting good idea yeah they just can't do anything in New England you know
there must be something about the air up there of the atmosphere they just stink up there
oh I can't say that can't they really do they're pathetic when they play up there but that's
way it goes okay ten forty four W I O D and one thing that I must say I'm proud of it doesn't
mean a lot but when I leave a station even when we went from AM to FM I don't have any problem
given the right call iters that's right I don't know why that is I never made a mistake and I
remember one night this is a true story one night I was a W snooze years ago and I said it's a
ten twenty five W BTA and I don't know where that came from from the Tavya New York where I worked
like twenty five years ago and I said W BTA and it just slipped out it poured it out that's weird
you sure you didn't dream that well I probably was thinking about the Tavya downs or something like that
okay now we got a lot of stuff that we have to play today because it is the first day and I want
you to understand that there a whole group of people it's like work oh yeah oh yeah
yesterday today okay there a whole group of people out there not Neo Rogers listeners and I
heard those people calling Steve last week who allegedly never listen to my show have no idea who I
am alleged and they're going to give us a chance this morning okay yeah I heard that too we're
going to listen once and if we like it you know that good stuff but Sandy you know poor Sandy
but I'm gonna be where is Sandy is all alone right now as we speak okay where we go next
coconut am I doing this wrong because I have a feeling I have a feeling that I keep going to line
one over and over and over again I just I don't know why we did bokeh for the first time I took
a veggie out of order yeah oh Cooper City on four we got to get that on hello hello yes sir
what time how you doing okay you now how come you're not what how old are you sir I'm 19 19 and
you're not in school are working today and now I get out of school I got a BCC oh you go to BCC now
you're talking okay I call you a couple weeks ago to bring your breakfast remember yeah and what
happened well it's like Thanksgiving I'm gonna bring it oh never he called us and gave us two months
a while that's right yeah good to give us notice and of course by Thanksgiving we'll have their
resistance worn down here you won't have to worry about bringing food in okay I can still bring it in
absolutely that's good I just found the old building and you change things on me like the next day
that is correct where is this place where are we yeah where are you you're in Cooper City yeah
well that's not far from you know we're in the 79th Street Causeway in North Bay village
now you know where that is are you familiar with Miami right next to Channel 7 oh I'm
you know in fact all the former employees of Channel 7 were lined up out there picketing
this morning when I came to work it was exciting just a joke don't get up tied over there at
Channel 7 Bob Soap or won't even come over here and do the weather and I get to meet Bob Soap
or by way so he'll probably be in here any minute this is great no he won't come back on the phone
oh he does all of those on the phone are you okay that hangs out with her now and it's a good
line because it sounds like he's right here in the building when he comes in and he says
he might get your finger out of there I'm sure that he's sitting right there looking at him you
gotta be kidding me so what do you think Pat what is your first name by the way so we have like a
handle on you Marshall Marshall yeah we don't usually do names on a show but in your case we'll make
an exception okay I feel honored you do you should be honored okay well listen to Marshall have a
wonderful day okay and we'll be looking for that breakfast or get nothing that not like McDonald's
or anything okay no I'm reading some homecook stuff all right okay fine that's fun's cake okay
well let the reneary tasted first see how it is okay okay thanks a lot bye bye well that was
incredible wasn't it hmm see my problem is I'm not reading any of the stuff you're typing on the
that's a problem well I'm kind of independent you know what they say we just do our own thing
into hell with everybody else I am so tempted to play that that 2D fruity Alice wow but I don't
they'll back us up it's two and a half minutes long yeah and on the first day I want to make sure we
hit the brakes on time and we're so they get a false sense of security like we're gonna do things
on time well I'd like it closer to two o'clock we will do the top of the hour news on time we will do
that yeah but other than that can you believe that let me do the news here it is shocking I'll tell you
that it is shocking because you did said kind of a new trend for news in the market effect I heard
you said this morning talking over music fumbling through the news I don't imagine any maybe
was shocking yeah well the original is always the best and I do want to say this because man man is
so defensive Peter Bulger better known as Rose is a great guy he thinks I'm gonna rip him over here
and not I have no reason to rip him his taste in music is suspect but other than that he's a good
guy we got along is great 90% of the time and he treated me very fairly and he and I kind of had it
all worked out that we were gonna leave in a nice way and then of course others we don't want to
mention any names kind of let the cattle to the bag and it became you know imminent that we just
had to get the hell out of there yeah to protect all concerned but I have not I have no bad feelings
about him and he's so damn defensive I told him that now his music that's another story and at
the so-called classic croc that they play over there that's well can I say it's about a one three
whether we're there whether we're not there one three one five somewhere in there and you just
can't win with with a one three no oh wants to talk to the pig let's get that call on right away hello
hello yes is it real yes I can't believe the way you abuse people I know it's terrible isn't it
it certainly is I do think that you're at a decent station as you say you're calling this is
decent station the first day you went to INZ you said the same thing about them they were a
decent station the first day I went there that's correct but you don't have a decent thing to say
about anybody which of course leads us to ask the one logical question you know what the question is
have many ideas why I think of one it seems it seems to me since you listened to INZ even though
briefly obviously right and you probably listened on Zeta all the probably you never listen on Zeta
and now you're listening here today you know what I do I wait a minute wait a minute don't
get hyper I would add it to them to hear out that you were gone oh I say that you were on here so
in other words instead of uh what an attorney the dial once you had the radio accident you felt
compelled to call and chew me out is that it well really I wanted to speak to someone at
who has charge of the off oh so in other words you didn't want to speak to me right good okay
who the hell is he killed right she's going to be out there everyday getting sexual
excitement from the side of my voice lady you're not fooling anybody okay and we don't really want to
talk to old bags like you anyhow and I think you should turn your radio down a little bit I think you
made disturb your neighbors yeah she's got it up so loud while she's getting those good vibrations okay
even Brian Wilson never talk to vibrations like those okay we're going to take our break on time
because we want to be really on our best behavior on the first day yeah this forget it anytime we feel
like it it's 10 51 on 6 10 W I O D it's a good time for the great taste
Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste yeah I thought
it would be good to get some of her old friends voices back on here now did the laugh make it over
the bird laugh my laugh yeah that did make it over oh it's on a tape I haven't dubbed it yet oh is
that okay well it's just I saw I spent hours and I want to thank Mitch Wien by the way who was
here yesterday for hours and hours a super guy helping me figure that little room out and
dumping all the stuff just incredible just like the other place you know all that help from the
engineers anyway it's 10 55 on 6 10 W I O D let's get in some calls here we got a former cranker
from the Gables hello yeah when I told Binky of the switch I have to tell you he was so excited
to craft all over his cage Binky Paul Harvey yeah I can't believe that no no more Ernie Soch and
you here no more I guess I couldn't get away with it oh you had a straight in yourself on I was
able to try to tell I'm going to go by my real name wow so it's like perform now wow okay I'm
gonna try I'm gonna try not to tinkle all over you it's nice hearing from you Zeke you'll
they call him Zeke for sure but happy birthday I guess you're birthday with Saturday right thank
you so much yeah was really a nice one and quiet and thanks for all the cards and that stuff and
congratulations it's just so weird it's gonna take some getting used to because I'll have I'll have
you to know I tell guilty every time I call I would be from all agree if he used to give me yeah I
think that's when you start to turn it on me yeah when you started calling this station that's
when I turned on you now when you start calling Zeta again you're gonna be really up a creek without
a without a nose to pick I can assure you that will not happen do you know who the mystery picker is by
any chance sir I don't know how that keeps bugging me but it seems I strange that Reneerie it's like
you first he starts in douchebag last week yeah what I'm doing here and now he's doing the mystery
picker the only thing that I can think of didn't he and Sandy work together for a while they sure
a long time yeah yeah yeah is she the mystery picker what if he's something of Sandy turned out
to be the mystery pickers now what's there here's Johnny G just arrived with a pizza yeah well
what's your favorite color what's the name from the beach oh a jack from the beach jack what you
all lovely lady yeah you think I've never heard of but you think you'll call your show I sure hope not
hmm well it's in the Zeeck yeah well it's it's still and I'll have you know yeah something that's
the real name Greg said you called you by first name this morning so I was really excited
what so everything's mended well what did he say I was complimentary whatever was I just I just caught
the end of it something about all Neil would be excited to hear that or something let me let me
just say something to the entire audience okay we were talking about this during a break when
we were on a a a a year and a half ago the FM people raw sentences material and doing bits for us and
they love does and they're tinkling all over us then when we went on against them and beat the
crap out of them then all of a sudden we were bad guys we were the enemy and they making all these
nasty comments now we're back on a m we're the good guy no sure I never stole a freight train that
is correct listen Phil have a wonderful day you're gonna be really terminal yeah are we gonna
that is listen I have on tape not that it but you remember the other red yeah there was another
the end who went on for hours and hours threatening to do the bits that we had on a cassette that I've
played remember all of that we have to have the cassette at gun went that ends going to make it come
back listen have a wonderful day in the course again in a couple of like around like around your voice
you guys are really brought up the sales were depend on the government because we're so excited
okay and I'm sure that some of the management people are doing the same thing bye bye okay and
nothing when you found his name out Phil amazing and all this now Johnny Jesus here we want to thank
you profusely and you realize now you guys are responsible there's food in the studio now see we
have it open eats and treats we thank them very much the pizza however we'll get open so I don't
know how we're gonna do this but we do have a lot of newspapers and we'll make sure to cover everything
up so we got napkins here which doesn't have an nervous breakdown it's a little bit of people
don't start getting hostile and everything yeah I bet you they did that's great what do we got here
we have the gourmet deluxe gourmet deluxe yeah and by the way brain app is listing we just got
red lot of things you got great pizza by the way okay great great oven you're you're not you're
not competitors with red we're a delivery operator you're a delivery thing you're in a totally
different area we're not a sit down that's right and he also thinks florist has great pizza which
also is not a competitor with you because it's in a different area okay it's right up the street
here uh you have gourmet special right right right right okay thanks a million
you're out of the closet this is well for a long time you bet okay thanks a lot we got to get
out of here make way for the news coming up at the top of the yard and we'll come back and really
do some stuff okay really take some good crank calls and some of the people have found us by accident
on 610 wiod
see
wiod brain port water day top talk with Steve Kane the saps in unit 2 on news talk radio 610
wiod
you hear that did you close that pot is that cart blank that's incredible anyway it's
1105 on 610 wiod that cart pot is that open wait a minute let's try this one
get my regards to the Neil Rogers telling me that I've never heard of smuddy or program in my life
okay that other one is either uncute or somebody bulked it is that possible a little sabotage there
okay now listen what we're going to do and we don't want to eat on here because it's disgusting
and grotesque and we thank Johnny G's and we have eaten just a little bit during the news okay
now we don't we don't want to make guttural sounds on here okay oh god is that good
watch the picture there no you can't handle it what oh he's got something with his teeth like
when he eats they fall out or something like that but anyway we're going to invite because we
don't want to really we bent the rule just a little bit we know they're having a nervous breakdown
all over the building but we went want to invite some of the people in the building who may be
listening there are two incredible pies from Johnny G's and if you folks will come in here and
get them out of here then there won't be any traces left okay no seriously because we've eaten
all we need during the news and if somebody will come in and get these and take them into the
cafeteria and then it'll be clean and the rumble clear out of here before king gets here what do
you laugh about that they take this very seriously they cattle on us will he really no he'll just
eat the leftovers okay would you want to take these and take them to the cafeteria so we get the
evidence out of here you have fun the way done or two because it's really good okay it's 1107
on w i own d and it's our inaugural day yeah this is great stuff from Johnny G's but if we leave it
in here they're going to get hostile toward us and we don't want to do that on the first day right
we would just assume we till like Wednesday or Thursday okay we have a car phone I was just legit
next yes is legit hello that's what they all say mobile yeah sir yeah this is legit man I'm
heading down secret bowl of art and boi and beats up in Palm Beach you have a real radio station
with phone numbers and everything and I'm apoplectic and god I wish you in the bird the best
of luck thank you sir my boyfriend back my boyfriend's back I hope it's going to be played
yeah in fact i'm glad you mentioned that we're going to have to get that out immediately it's one of
my favorites can you believe that's going to be played and we promise island I can believe I can
leave only the same thing from those mung-brain your left oh wait a minute this thing cute up just a
second sir I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers okay just want to make your answer I don't
want to stick around after the show and have to listen all these cards I don't blame you well listen
it's great hearing from you and have a wonderful day okay and you'll best of luck to you in the
bird thanks a lot you're welcome my bye okay let me tear this into this now you're going to eat
from that stuff uh-huh this is for meats and treats yeah they sent over just a ton of stuff and
thank you Jane you're just great I got a really ripped and they sent over a cake too oh wait she
gave me a knife to open this up with wait a minute now what's in there yeah would you like a piece of
cake no not in here come on now be on in fact i'm even going to throw this out okay just a little
bit of cross left oh wow the px already that's good hey checks oh no some cards that's great by
the way if you want to write to us and here's the address right on this card thank you so much
it's w-i-o-d 1401 north bay causeway uh-g north bay village you don't you don't need to write
I am just to just w-i-o-d Miami 33141 okay oh here's one from inside and it says if you ever
eat in that studio again oh my god from john harper are you cereal and w-snoos
they're upset about what you you will you read that ike wouldn't dare read that
you're not incredible that's incredible frightening oh oh my god
and a cow and a note from jack cow no wait a minute is this is this a joke somebody has sent us
listen this is a major coup yeah which we'll do after the break come what a break is until 12
great oh we got time now seriously somebody sent us a yummy of a memo this is like a little
uh CIA worker something here and it's to all the ennickle of this because you worked there right
at w-snoos and have great fond memories over that place it says to all on air talent from Johnny
Harper Ray Neal Rogers and w-i-o-d yeah should i read it what do you want to do of course well i just
i just wanted a little encouragement because everybody's salivating at the mouth quote needless to say
the situation involving the erudges joining w-i-o-d is very disturbing to us all
oh my laughing oh sorry he gets paid by the cackel by the way so if you wonder why he gets so
carried away it will be necessary for our on-air talent to make certain changes in our programming
in order to combat this unfortunate situation oh we're so dramatic organs for me need them
serious by the way thank you Janet Cowan sent me a nice note yes i need to
him and editor and i thank her for welcoming us thank anyway this goes on sandy
and as much as you are on opposite neal you must do more creative counter programming to attract
listeners who dislike neal doesn't he understand the listeners who dislike neal other ones who are here
every day john you know john was my first board op when i came to town here at k-a-t he was my
board op and now he's like the what does he like the chief c-e-o of jeperson pilot or something i
mean demand is incredible at least once a week you should have a cooking show and invite call
to share favorite recipes that'll do this would not be a restaurant show a gardening show would
also be of interest diddo diddo a show about colorectal cancer see this is all this is all a big
joke okay it's all a put on it's good though although it you know what i'm worried about i think it
maybe i'm sorry i'm not so sure it's a put on al you must be more aggressive opposite Steve our
consultancy the political discussions are popular you should have more local politicians on daddy
for cell's offices indicated he's willing to be a semi-regular guest you should also try to get
more sports oriented talk up the heat maybe you can get some dog trainers on oh no
oh yes
demmy you should i got it let's take the break because i want to be on time
so that's probably you're going to love the one for Debbie Ellis when you hear this it's going to
make you your teeth will heal immediately
past eleven on six ten w i o d okay it's eleven fifteen on six ten w i o d the near-round your show
i feel like i'm talking about like it's seventy eight r p m calm down no it but we got so much to get
in i don't know i can't get it all in today and then canes going to come in a two and kick us out
of here and we just got all the stuff to get in is it okay if i eat while we yeah oh absolutely
that'll make the people feel right at home anyway it continues it says Debbie you should just
blow your brains out on the air we could promo this for several weeks this could bring over some of
rick weavers listeners before you do this however please arrange a smooth transition with joy
Reynolds will be replacing oh geez i got a oh come on now where is it
there it is just like old times and you know something i have a surprise for you
this is the extended version okay let's go listen
what a show
you're going to freak out just wait a while
you
kind of
Isn't that great?
He can hold it too.
Fort Stocket 6.
Okay, that's an offer.
Anyway, the last sentence says if we all pull together on this, we can severely damage
WIOD's recent moves.
Better yet, let's just shut down the transmitter.
What a comedian at John Harper, isn't he?
Isn't he a panic?
That's wonderful.
That's the funniest thing I've read in a long time, John.
We don't know who's your last paycheck at Zeta.
We don't know who's responsible, but it was very good.
Yeah, thanks very much.
Okay, it's 11-18 on WIOD, boy.
You know what?
Almost, boy, I just got a little out of the way.
Where are we?
Okay.
Hopefully not there.
Coconut Grove, hello.
Hello, how are you?
Great.
Birthday first.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Good listener from the Grove.
Jeez, I've been on here since I just heard the most horrific news from Henry at 10-30 this morning
when he came on with a sound bite for the lead-on for the news.
What was that about the bodies on the causeway?
He said two bullet bodies were found alongside the Julia's shuttle causeway.
Yeah, the J.S.
He said Mike DeCarcus and George Bush.
Yeah, and the reporters are excited.
I turned to a wrong station.
I'm going to have a serious program here today, huh?
Yeah, real heavy.
Real heavy.
I'm going to skip work and stay with you.
Okay, good for you to want to do.
Good.
Yeah, we're going to get into the bodies on the causeway.
We're going to talk about all the real heavy stuff.
I'll take this literally from Henry.
Okay.
It was George Bush and Mike DeCarcus, right?
That's what you just said.
That's perfect.
Okay, good luck to you.
I hope you vote early and often.
Okay, boy.
He was okay, but he just the first time was good.
Yeah.
Well, at least he's got his priorities straight.
He's going to miss work to listen to the show.
Okay, let's go to a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Are you talking to me?
Yes.
This is West Palm Beach.
Well, let's see.
I do something wrong.
I went to five.
It says Fort Lauderdale.
But if you say West Palm Beach, who am I to argue with you?
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Happy belated.
And boy, it sure took me a long time to find you.
Now, let me ask you a stupid question.
Oh, you probably tried calling the Palm Beach line and it was busy?
Yes.
So you called on a Broward line?
Well, no.
I don't know.
9463?
9463.
What is she talking about?
Does anybody know?
655946.
I'm on the wrong line.
Oh.
I just punched up five.
I'm right here.
It doesn't say five.
Fort Lauderdale?
You get eight.
You'll get eight.
You'll get used to this, Nick.
I'm right on.
You'll get used to it.
Are you sure?
Wait a minute.
Are you on eight or five?
I'm serious.
I punched up five.
Honest to guy.
I swear to you.
All right.
I'll wait a minute.
Suppose I put her on hold.
Okay.
You're talking about Brown.
Yeah.
We're on five, right?
That's what I just said, Nick.
Oh, I was on eight.
That's hot.
Go ahead, man.
Don't let him mess you around.
He's still on the payroll of WNWS.
Go ahead, man.
Well, I listen to you every morning going to work.
And now I can't get you.
So...
Well, how are you listening now?
I can only pick you up on one radio in my house.
I had you turned in everywhere.
Well, how is that possible?
Where do you live?
I live in West Palm Beach.
But I listen.
Oh, no.
We got a good signal in West Palm Beach.
The signal's a lot better now.
But I'd listen to you when you're at Zeta.
Yeah.
This is a much better signal for you.
I've got a signal as much better signal.
Zeta in Palm Beach is like shaky and so far.
Yeah, and now you can get it on all your radios now.
I can call you direct.
All right.
Isn't that exciting?
But I want to tell you, I love your show.
Thank you.
And I'm glad I was able to find you.
And I do listen to Lee Fowler occasionally.
Oh, well, just remember one thing, man.
Nobody's perfect, OK?
Ha, ha, ha.
He said if I ever talk to you to say hello.
Well, I wonder how come Lee hasn't called us yet.
I don't know.
Come on, Lee.
We know you're out there.
You closet listener.
Get on that phone, Lee.
Well, maybe I'll give him a call and tell him.
OK.
Yeah, do it.
And enjoy your food.
Tell Lee we sent high in the Quetzilumai material, OK?
I sure will.
Thanks a lot.
I'm talking to you.
Bye-bye.
Now, speaking of food, I'm waiting for you.
Was she on?
No, no.
Oh, you're right.
She was on eight.
Yeah.
She was on eight.
How did that happen?
You got to get used to my losing it?
No.
I was just where I punched up five, OK?
But this is all new board and everything.
All new controls.
Yeah, but they're like marked, OK?
You'd have to be an idiot not to be able to do these.
OK, they're marked one, one, one, six,
Bokapam beach.
You'd have to be some kind of a moron not to get these rights.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Which is why I'm doing so well.
Miramar, hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Now, you are in Miramar, right, sir?
No.
You're in one?
Miami.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You know, I love consistency.
That's my thing.
Am I not online one?
I'm not in this B.
I just punched up.
Boy, this is freaky, you know?
I wanted to tell you a story real quick.
How about you to go ahead, sir?
About the Miramar, not Miramar, but Metro Police Department.
They picked me up the other night for driving on this suspended license.
OK, this rookie job could have gave me just a ticket.
And so, you know, going down the road, but instead of me, the big damn took me in and all this kind of stuff.
Yeah.
So make long story short.
Am I on one or what, huh?
Now, go ahead, sir.
I'm just confused.
OK.
I've got no idea what that one is.
Stay long story short.
They put me in with a guy who is who broke.
Hello.
Go ahead, sir.
We're listening to every word.
I'm hanging on every word.
Anyway, bro, terminal.
What I'm hanging on.
Listen, just do me a sec.
OK, I'm listening.
Screw this story.
OK.
OK.
No, no, go ahead.
You got us this far.
Finish it.
Come on.
OK.
I got one minute.
They put me in a room when a guy who was a parobuster drug dealer possession of firearm.
Anyway, I wasn't a patrol car to take us to another jail.
No winder designed us.
They put a shotgun on the front seat.
And we're driving down the, the bomb that on all of a sudden the guy says, oh hell, I'm in a mistake.
He turns around.
He left his gun in the, in the station.
This guy gets out of the car.
The police officer now leaves me in his guy handcuffs.
Get out of the car.
Where the shotgun on the front seat and the keys in the car.
Yeah, and Rucker Howard came over to the car and sat down in the driver's seat.
No, no, no, no.
And see Thomas Howell came flying out of the trunk.
Listen, listen.
OK, real quickly.
Is there going to be a favor?
They're going to get his car.
You know that one car you got with Casey Caleb?
It's coming up.
Yeah.
Casey Caleb.
That's coming up.
It's all coming up.
If you never get off the phone, sir, it's all coming up, OK?
OK, buddy.
Have a good day.
Bye-bye.
Do you say Casey's coming up?
Casey Caleb.
Oh, that's what he just said.
Man, this guy was incredible.
I'd have put him away for at least a couple of months.
OK, it's 1124 at 610 WIOD.
Reprieve.
What's Gary doing tonight?
And who are you guys?
What's Gary doing tonight?
What's Gary doing tonight?
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero.
Is Maurice Fere really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the house.
Is Paul Ahacken's the true mother of the elephant band.
It's in the house.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the house.
Is Jim Baker about to get birthday's year in fall welds, baby?
It's in the house.
Sex, sex, sex, more.
Hot, the house.
Oh, it's in the house.
Plus, Gary hearts amazing rice, diet from Florida.
A crossword puzzle that has no answer.
Our own Pulitzer Pises just for us.
I'd post love letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard the bloody thing all day.
Mindless, family rhetoric.
It's all in the latest issue of the Miami hero.
Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere.
And where fighter manure is spread?
Okay, it's 1128 on 610 WIO Dina.
Can you hear that?
No.
You can't hear it.
A little bit.
Oh.
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
What's it the Miami hero?
Can you believe they won't let me do the news here, sir?
You know, I heard that earlier when I was listening.
I said, it's not going to be the same newscast.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
We're going to teach Henry and April to eat while they're doing the news a little bit.
And make some federal sounds and mess up the names.
And it'll be just the same.
Good.
I want to throw this in every time you go to a new station.
I always have to bring this up.
And one of them is my wife, Lifhtown, with a banana.
Yeah.
I know that would work good on this WIOG for the people that would enjoy it.
And the second thing I want to ask you, as far as, I don't know, you can't tell us what you're going to be making.
But, uh...
No, I don't discuss now.
I know that.
Because it gets a lot of people really upset.
Right.
But if we look at numbers and say in the long run, obviously your number is going to be a bit higher than Cain's.
And if we judge it on what his point is, or what he makes, are we kind of in the same ballpark?
No, and I don't discuss it at all.
Okay.
I think it's really bushly new on here and tell people what you're making.
No.
I get into a big thing about it.
Let me just put it this way.
Okay, they made me an offer that I would have had to be out of my mind to refuse.
That sounds good enough then.
Does that answer the question?
That takes care of you.
That's all matters because you're number one.
I'm going to get out of here, but I just wanted to call and say, excellent show.
And see what you're going to do about my wife, Lifhtown, with a banana.
Okay, have a great day.
Talk to you.
Bye-bye.
Okay, now I don't have that on Carton here yet.
We do have it.
I don't have it on Carton here yet.
Right.
But Rome wasn't filled in a day after about four hours yesterday.
I said to Mitch, I think I'm going to like pack up the stuff and call it a day.
And put the rest of the stuff away.
But look at that carousel.
It's already filling up.
Yeah, it's cute carousel, too, by the way.
It's a cute little carousel.
Thanks a lot, Mitch, for the cute little carousel.
I like it.
And another thing, we're going to have to have Jay America and a lot of those other people, the four listeners.
And who are the other guys that did a whole bunch of stuff.
They did bye-bye by the way.
Now, as I got in here by the way.
Oh, good.
That's some Miami City cops, I believe.
Yeah, but they had a name.
Yes, they did have a name.
KJ and the losers.
Exactly.
We're going to have to have them do a lot of stuff for us because obviously we don't, we can't use the ACN material.
You believe I can.
We have no intent.
I really can't.
I have a lot of crap.
A lot of crap.
Long term.
KJ and the losers.
Okay, we have a spy report in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Now, I know it's you because I punched up the one that says Palm Beach.
And if you're not in Palm Beach, man, I'm giving up right now.
Are you?
Yeah.
Great.
Hey, good.
Happy birthday, great show.
Thank you.
I got about 45 seconds.
Okay, last week, Thursday, Alice was babbling on about the election in the negative campaigning.
And all of a sudden, at a clear boost guy, he says I'm putting Rogers on notice.
Yeah, I heard about that.
What does that mean?
He said he's putting Rogers on notice.
And I'm not going to put up with this stuff this time.
Okay, well, listen, I'm glad you inspired me because right after the news break, I got something special for Alice.
That's right.
Trust me.
Do it.
Okay.
How did I say it?
You too.
Yeah, I told you to hold this.
I knew it would work out.
I knew it would work out.
Good time out perfectly.
Okay, April Wortham's got a W.I.O.D. news update and we'll come back at 1134.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
I'm going to put this thing on notice.
Inala Lorry.
I still in the North Park or Stay In Prints a Hitting a AdaTooN.
I was in the bass line.
I was in the bass line.
Inala Offside With Caroline muts the dead.
In the bass line.
I want to win a go.
Okay, now you think Alice is going to be upset about that.
I mean, what is that about putting us on notice? What does that mean?
A notice for what?
He's like an take it anymore.
He's not going to take it anymore.
He's not going to take it anymore.
What?
Now, the last time that I was on in midday,
Alice was also on in midday,
and I had a nine, and he had a two-five,
or something like that in the ratings,
and then he ran off at the afternoon.
And I will say this, he did pick up a lot of Stan's audience,
once a major went off the air,
but he's got those ancient demographics.
Okay, that's a problem, that whole station.
Ancient demographics.
Well, what is he worried about?
I saw on the program schedule that Kane is going to have Jack Sturdy in here in a week or two.
We can ask Jack Sturdy about it, see what the story is.
Okay.
All right, so 1141 at WIOD,
the NeoRodger show here on a Monday, we're just delighted.
We want to thank Tony Romas and Johnny G's and the eats and freeze.
And God only knows what else.
Now, that Palm Beach line is not lit, is it?
Is it out?
Now, that's embarrassing, okay, we've got a Palm Beach line.
You remember all the people we used to have from Palm Beach,
who we call, and have to pay for it and chew us out,
because we didn't have a Palm Beach line.
Now, we're into it.
255 WIOD.
I get very anxious.
All the lines aren't lit.
All eight lines aren't lit.
See, it's aesthetic.
We're into aesthetics.
We like it to look good.
We don't care who's on there.
Exactly.
We probably won't even talk to them, okay?
But we want somebody on the damn line, all right?
Okay, now let's go to Fort Lauderdale on six.
I don't know how it is when I punch one up,
it's not the one that I punch.
This is exciting.
Over and over again, okay?
I think they're having a little fun with us in there.
I think they're like twisting him around like,
what is that show with Wink Martin Dale?
Where they do it.
Is it Tic-Tac-Doh?
You know, where they switch the categories and they move all around?
Okay, a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, since this is your first day in IOD,
some people may not have heard you before.
Do you think you should announce that you're a fairy?
Oh, yeah, a fairy.
And that's, we fly too, sir.
Okay, we have our own airlines.
I believe it.
Okay, good luck, you see.
Okay, hi, I have a nice day.
What a call.
Yeah.
Boy.
That wasn't a Palm Beach line.
A fairy.
He's a very nice listener to it.
It's 11.40 to 18, you'll know it at WIOD.
And let's go to see what they like to do is throw that in there.
What they don't realize, it gets another like two points.
Yeah, every time.
Because it brings all the queens out of the closet.
Not in my not saying that in any relationship to anything that we played in the last couple of minutes, okay?
Or said or said.
Okay, Boca, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
See, happy birthday a little bit late.
Thank you so much, sir.
And I would say how you're wings today.
Pardon?
Go ahead, I'm just kidding.
Fine.
I'm the guy from the clown colleges on WIOD.
He's going on this and on here.
I'd also like to say happy birthday to my friend Tracy.
Happy birthday, Tracy.
It's against them.
I know, but go ahead.
Uh-huh.
Also, I'd like to give you a little spy report of the upcoming format change at data 4.
Yeah.
This is a preview.
Yeah, he's, I have to watch up and down from my water.
He needs some tortillas and he needs them.
That's it.
You got it.
That should be good for about a one, two, shouldn't it?
Well, Dave speaks Spanish, so he'll be covered.
What that is?
Uh-huh.
I'll still away go.
Uh-huh.
Why do you keep waiting, sir?
You're a great caller, but you have this.
It's like it's like the before and the after and he started out.
Uh-huh.
And now he's doing, uh-huh.
You notice that?
I'm butching up a little bit.
You're going to have to work on this, sir.
You're going to have to get out of your system.
Yeah.
I thought I'd butch up a little.
Okay.
After that last call, yeah.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, uh- I wouldn't know.
Would you be playing blowfly?
No.
No.
Remember that?
Oh, we don't have it.
No.
No, they burn that in the back yard.
Oh.
Yeah.
They burn that in the Rick Edwards Memorial field out there.
I think that's, that's true.
Yeah.
They did.
They had a little burning session.
Well, listen, it's great hearing from your serial.
Wonderful caller and work on it.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay. Good luck to you.
The only thing I can think of that I miss from Zeta 4 is the Santa
Real House.
Oh, wait a minute.
He was on 6.
I do miss that.
I think I just disconnected the caller in Boca.
Oh, God.
Boy, I'm really a mess, you know.
Well, everybody's got to understand it's the first day.
I just don't understand that I keep pressing off.
Okay, let's move along.
Okay, because there's nothing that irritates me more listening than hearing
some douchebag on a ear who just can't get the technical stuff down.
He keeps fumbling around and munking.
I just press on and good luck to you.
Okay.
This is a mobile and Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, bird.
Hey.
This is the boat doctor.
How are you?
The boat doctor.
Now, you remember he related to the tree doctor?
No.
We had this man.
No matter the fact he stole my name.
We had your picture on the bulletin board at Zeta 4 with more Ganna.
That's right.
Remember that picture, Neil?
On the bulletin board?
Yeah.
I'm sure that's the boat doctor.
Now I've got something new for this new holiday season which I am imposing in a card,
a birthday card for Neil.
So that will be sent out shortly.
So take a look before you'll see.
Can you give us any hints?
No, no, no.
In fact, a pike has seen it because I dropped him off.
What it is?
What is it I want to tell you?
I'm going to say?
Mike and Erie.
Who are you going to say?
We're going to keep it a little secret and you'll have it by the end of the week.
Okay, sir.
Let me ask you a question.
Have you heard of the mystery picker?
Yes.
Okay.
For an nominal fee, I'll tell you who it is.
Okay.
Because I do know who it is.
All right.
Now, which nostril is that involved, sir?
The writer, the left.
Both.
Okay.
A little of both.
What I'm calling about, I have both Uncle Bonzai album.
Ah!
And I would be honored if you would take him and then tape off him.
Boy, that would be great.
How are you going to get him here?
Are you going to mail him to us?
Both, doctor.
He was in a car phone and we just lost.
He'll take care of it.
No, he didn't.
Trust me.
I didn't touch anything.
Okay.
But that does happen on his car phone.
And he got disconnected.
But I'm sure he's still listening and the thing to do either to mail it to us,
or he can drive all the way down here if he's a fool and bring him here.
But that's a long schlep from Palm Beach.
Nobody's that crazy.
But if he mails him to us, you know, puts him in one of those mailers, record mailers,
and we'll take good care of him and we'll dub him off and we'll send him back.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, 1146 at WIOD.
Steve this afternoon is going to have a fist fight in the studio.
We're going to have blacks for Bush and blacks for New Caucus.
And then we're going to have some blacks who say the hell with both of them.
Okay.
So we're going to like spread it all around.
Now, didn't you say last week that blacks for Bush is the same as Jews for Hitler?
Exactly.
Something like that.
Very close.
Now, if Nick tells us he's voting for Bush, I'm going to get really hysteria.
You're not voting for Bush.
Are you?
He says no.
He says the hell with both of them, right?
These are going to vote for New Caucus because he never stole a freight train.
Okay.
And besides he needs the vote desperately.
Yeah.
I want to say this and I realize that in fact, we're going to be on the air during voting tomorrow.
Do you realize that?
Which is going to make a big impact in Florida, where Bush is only about 172 points ahead.
But that's Senate race, man.
If we can't do better than Connie Mack and McKay, buddy McKay, that's got to be two of the worst yeehawks that I've ever seen in my life.
Talk about red necks.
Where did Barrow say they were in Lakeland today?
Yeah.
Hang on.
You want to know they're probably at the ABC level right now.
I think it's XYZ now.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
We're going to go to Palm Beach again.
Man, he's got like a Palm Beach fetish.
But you know something it's good because that's an easy one for me to get because it says Palm Beach on the line.
Hello.
Hey, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations.
Are you mobile, sir?
I am mobile.
I'll be damned.
Hey, that's great.
Talkin' to Neil.
Yeah.
Get the hell out of here, pal.
Hey, listen.
Yeah.
You were talkin' about trying to be number three.
Yeah.
What you got to do is bet on Robert the Creighton Woodhouse.
He always comes in third.
Oh, now come on.
Be nice, sir.
Bobby Woodhouse has never met a horse he didn't like.
Yeah, but he always runs a five to two and he comes in third.
Well, what are you betting on him for, sir?
It sounds like sour grapes to me.
Nice.
My bank.
In fact, tomorrow is Tuesday.
That means the car will be open tomorrow.
That's right.
Giving you our pick for the day, okay?
Speaking of the mystery picker.
He's a wonderful lady.
Who's that?
The mystery picker.
Oh, yeah, is she?
Yeah, she's about one for ten.
I thought she was Hank Goldberg.
Yeah, Hank Goldberg.
These people are all confused.
You know, I heard him talkin' to the mystery picker and it was a woman.
Yeah.
Now, Nick says the mystery picker is Hank.
Yeah.
And we don't know.
We don't know what it is.
Hey, Neil, congratulations to an elephant job.
Thank you, sir.
You're a wonderful American and have a great day and stay off the roads.
Will you please?
Yeah, get out of here.
Okay.
Now, obviously it's going to take a few days to sort this mystery picker thing out.
I know.
That's, to me, that was the heaviest thing that I heard all morning was that mystery picker, man.
I went nuts.
There's obviously a lot to this.
Because it was reminiscent of the day we came in here and Reneery came back
for that press conference at five o'clock.
And there were three grown men that were yanking on his left elbow,
trying to pull it out of his nose, right?
The most embarrassing scene I have ever seen in my life.
And I got this where they did it just before five.
Just in the nicotine, they got it out of there.
And then he came in here, started smoking and came when Craig.
Oh, that was incredible.
See, I mean, one thing I got to say, the atmosphere in this building,
it's like a real radio station and people are friendly, but you do sense
there is just a little, little, undercurrent of tension.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, most of the people are really nice and friendly,
but there are certain rivalries that exist in the building.
Okay?
Rivalry.
Like, for example, Steve in the sports department are just a little bit at odds.
Okay?
Because I noticed when Sonny left this morning, he had his steepkin,
Boudoudal, and he was sticking pins in it on his way out of the building.
I imagine, but I just have, because we don't want it to be too syrupy.
Okay?
We don't work well in that kind of a thing.
I don't think you have to worry about it.
Everybody loves each other and just tickles all over each other.
We like like every once in a couple of weeks, a little blood bath out in the hall is good.
Okay?
So 1150, 10 till noon on 610, WIOD.
Here's what 55 and WIOD, then you'll run your show.
This is our inaugural show at WIOD.
We want to thank everybody for being so wonderful and syrupy and the cooperative and everything.
And we want to thank Mother M's Cookies.
The food is coming in here, man.
You think that we were having a fundraiser for the Commodore Cross.
By the way, I noticed that they were in more power to them because it's my favorite charity in town.
I noticed that the morning show, and I was listening to coming to work, was raising money for the Camilla's house.
Yeah.
I heard that, too.
Wasn't that interesting?
Wasn't it a station that we're like, doing all of our cards?
Yeah.
I thought it was that.
But that's okay, because like I said, Dave's a great guy.
I wish him all the luck.
But Mother M's Cookies is in over an incredible batch of chocolate chip cookies and they've got M&M's in them.
Yeah, my favorite.
It is.
It's too bad I can't eat all that sugary sweet stuff.
Yeah.
But anyway, we want to thank Lou.
No, Laurie.
Laurie.
Laurie would be surprised if her name turned to Lou.
Laurie, Joey Lee and Cindy at Mother M's Cookies and they have a digital beaper.
Wow.
Is there number?
Should I give that or should I give their address?
Do they address again?
8520 Southwest 133rd Avenue.
Avenue Road.
Uh-huh.
In Miami.
Avenue Road.
That is that 8520 Southwest 133rd Avenue Road.
In Miami.
That is bizarre.
I wonder they got a digital beaper.
Anyway, we thank them very much and let's take a call from Water Hill.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
This is Dem's bro.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
Congratulations on the move to WIOD.
Thank you.
How come you're not in school today?
I was fortunate enough to have a two-fake.
Oh, great.
That's a good excuse always, isn't it?
Yeah, it's a good excuse.
But that one's true this time.
Listen, here's a good idea for you.
Take a piece of string tied around about four of your teeth and tied to the door knob and run like a bat out of hell.
I tried that one.
It works great.
Um, Happy Belated Birthday.
Thank you.
And Glenn, congratulations for the move too.
All the way up.
Thank you.
You sound very similar to STEM.
No, he does not.
I'm better than STEM.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, we don't want to get in that way.
I get into the thing because stems very sensitive
He's been under a lot of derest and a lot of pressure and we want to make sure that you know
We take all the pressure off now. He has the same sort of speed no he doesn't
You don't sound anything like him do you now stems a literate? Well, that's true. This is very true
And we've been working on him diligently but it doesn't seem to help where there's no sense. There's no feeling
Yeah, I guess that everybody calling up and saying the first I could I could be the first you know caller under 19
Yeah, now you're like what 14. Yeah, are you yeah? Now this is Adam. Yeah, say I'm a sharp as a monster ball today right Adam
Yeah, my sure am and with faces, okay? Now, what are you gonna send your picture over with stem?
Just a joke Adam you're only
He's old. It's just a little joke right? Yeah, okay, listen have a wonderful day. I hope you get your tooth straight now, okay
I'm good luck with the show. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Well, how nice and that great. That was the mysterious stems mysterious brother
Uh-huh, okay Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you doing great?
Welcome to AM. Thank you so much sir. Welcome back to AM
You know, listen, I want to clarify you on the mystery
Picker if you would put me on
I will tell you when the mystery picker is I don't want to know
Am I stepping on something here that's like really a big secret because I'm just joking about it
But is it really a big deal? Yeah, oh, yeah, oh it is we can we can dump it out, you know
I you know if you put me on hold with the bird I will tell the bird
Now we'll just dump it out. I'll dump it. I won't let it on the other only
Really? Okay, and I dumped that okay. Did that work?
Okay, is there anything I can get for that meal? You make me hungry over the airway. Yeah, we'll send you some cookies
Okay, we'll send you whatever is left over we'll send you some of the crust from the pizza from Johnny G's
That's cross and we'll send you some of the bones from a Tony Romans, okay?
In fact, we'll even send you some of the bones from the junior title causeways that okay?
No, I'll tell you to better now. Okay. Well, that's the best it's our first day
I mean what do you expect like a big operation here on the first day? No, but this is classified stuff
Okay, we appreciate it. Well, how do you know? How do you know this? I got the inside track, but I'll be darned
He probably saw the telltale markings of that fingernail
That's how you tell the mystery picker every time. Okay, listen fat. You're a great guy. I appreciate it
Thanks, Neil. Thanks a lot
Okay, also want to thank the people at the mother Am's cookies who set us and
I'm not sure I don't understand it because it says W I O D on the top of the record
It's a 45 and on one side it says never again or owed to Zeta for by Laurie Hannan and on the other side
It says lonely DJ or owed to Joey Wow, so I'm gonna have to listen to these probably get him on
We'll debut them here tomorrow exclusively on the Neil Rogers show
Okay, April Wortham is back with the news coming up at noon and then we'll be back at 12.05 two more hours to go
Steve be along at two as always here on 6.10 W I O D
W I O D
Brandt
Fortwater Day of talk with Steve Kane this afternoon at two on news talk radio 6 and W I O D
To get in touch and talk call 751 W I O D and day 524 W I O D and broard or 655 and 278 W I O D in the Palm Beach
Other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station now
Here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D
12.06 W I O D and did you say the ribs are gone gone?
Gone thick clean. It was incredible. Yeah, see that's one thing about you know radio station and what was that?
Did you just hear that? What was it that was like a line? What was that Nick?
Was did I imagine that and you just you're relying disconnecting? No, I didn't hear him. Okay. I must be losing my mind. Okay. I swear to you
This this phone thing is bizarre. It's gonna take me a couple of days
But anyway, being in a radio station no matter how much food comes in you can always be confident if you lay it out in the in the cafeteria
Mm-hmm within 20 minutes. It's gone
And we're not complaining about that. No, that's what we want. Yeah, that's the idea
We're gonna feed these people by the time six months goes by instead of all these anorexic looking people on diets walking around here
They're gonna be walking to gonna make me look like Mickey Mouse. Okay. That's the idea
See, I don't know about a little meat on the bones of these people for crying out loud
I don't know about mother Rogers, but my mother always taught me never to let food go to waste exactly always use it
And it's like candy. Yeah, I shouldn't be eating now or this cookie
I know eating that
Well, we're on the airs from one of more disgusting things to some of these people from mother M you watch
It'll be calls coming and he's eating on the air. It's the most disgusting thing
How can you let him do that? Yeah
Let me tell you something that's worth at least two points in a book, okay
Told you budding broadcasters out there just get food brought in and just make a slawbottie yourself and that'll do it
That would we ever discover?
You hanging around my house and I want to talk to you about what is it mr. Bush?
I'm gonna put it this way. Yeah, wasn't you
Did the pushin put the sands upon the cushion put prints on the dashboard upside down
Wasn't you you brocco billed in messing with my daughter Jill if it was you'd better leave this town
Yes
Yeah
Okay, it's
And shall we go back to the phones down see how many of these I can screw up
We got that clown college caller on six. Should I get him on now? Yeah, sure. Oh friend of ours
See all some time to do these out of order next gonna get started getting hysterical about that
He doesn't carry you see you along with
Are you there? Yeah, I'm here. I'm doing I'm not bad. I you everybody loves a clown. That's what they say
That's what Gary Lewis said look what it did for him
That's only gonna job with a circus. Are you cereal doing what I'm working with client BD8?
Fantastic
Now this is a young man for the benefit of the audience. This is a young guy who went to clown college over on a West Coast in Venice
What was it Venice? Yeah Venice and
He want to be a clown and here he is. He got a job and everybody can go see him where
Um, it starts into land and I don't know if I can come back down and start off load again because they bought the land
They used to use and they make them all out of it. Wow, but they might come into Miami. I don't know
I haven't got the schedule yet. That's great. So in other words, you're gonna be on the road all the time
Well, that's what you always wanted to do. This is your dream come true, right? That's all right
Well, we're happy about it. We're excited for it. All right. I want to have the bread today. Thank you
Can't believe you followed us over here. Oh, hey, why not listen?
Listen, I want to give you a little assignment before you go heading off to the land or any place else
And this is true for every one of our listeners because word of mouth is what it's all about
I guarantee you there are a lot of people a lot of our pinheads out there. Don't know where we are yet. Okay
All right, so you have to spread the word like go out with sandwich boards and walk up and down Lincoln Road mall stuff like that
Okay, dude. Okay, good luck to you
I want to tell you I'm gonna send you a picture of me at the clowns great
So you can see what I look like. Okay, I think you're gonna like it
Okay, in fact
If you come by the station sometime the next few months we'll have a picture of you and the mystery picker together, okay?
So watch out for that big clown nose because good luck to you
Okay, thanks a lot. What's that exciting? Yeah, the mystery picker boy, I heard that I thought man this reneri's just
Falling right into the whole thing, you know
Perfectly. Okay, let's go to a poppinow. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I have a horrible horrible story more horrible than how horrible is it sir more horrible than all the Friday the 13th movies with enough left over for the Chinese army. Okay
You may remember I made a call into the Steve Cain show last Friday that horrible, sir and I
And I brought up mr. Scydom in the name who I refer to on the air now you're really getting horrible
Listen, I refer to him as a scum sucking maggots similar in quality to reptile excrement. Do you remember the call?
Ha ha ha no
Yeah, of course I remember you'll never believe what happened on Friday evening. What's that I showed up at the playoff to see the fights? Uh-huh
Steve Cain was there with Rick with Rick
Sucking maggot he's into this male bonding thing now. You know what I'm saying? It was he rickan is lovely wife Laurie
I've been into that male bonding thing for a long time, but Steve's just getting into it. Okay. Yeah, this gets worse. Yes, sir
The scum sucking maggot was with him. Yeah
Steve comes over and I introduce myself to him and he remembers me and he said I want you to come over and say hello to Rick
I said no, thank you
He said you got to come over he's a great guy. Yeah, I resisted initially
I want to tell you that I did and I told you you'd be a hypocrite if you ever did this
That's correct. I did resist
But he offered to buy me a drink so I went
It gets worse. Okay
I
Spent the night with Rick's item and Steve Cain what what I said at the same table
I looked across and Rick's item and said you're a scum sucking maggot. Yeah
But you know what at the end of the night. I can't believe I'm saying this
He's not that bad a guy. Oh my god. Neil. Oh Steve had some very nice things to say about you
Yeah, and what about Rick? I haven't had nothing bad to say. Oh, I see he didn't have anything good to say
But he didn't have anything bad to say while he's a hell of a guy and I appreciate the call sir
But don't ever call a show again. Okay, you've copped out here's a guy who was accusing me remember what he said
He intimidated me. He said if you ever
You know say anything nice about this guy or try to be a sprain
I will never speak to you again and here's the guy right away
He's sucking up to him because he bought him a drink. Yeah
Sir, I think you're qualified to be in the business now. Okay an official W.I.O.D. Freeloter
You know, that's right. It was a terrible story. It was horrendous. How was it? What do you say? How horrible? It was
1213 at 610 W.I.O.D.
Some people have no shame take representative Javier Soto
He's more with Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 W.I.O.D
1217 to W.I.O.D. Boy these are incredible these headphones. These are the worst. They're bad. Whoo
No, I just gave you mine so I could wear these
No wonder Keen doesn't wear these I mean these are these are like barely it sounds like you're in a uh like in the Arabian desert
Okay, so you hang on to those you're sound wonderful. Yeah, perfect. Well those I bought myself you don't think those cheapskates over there Bobby headphones do
No, but these are horrendous many sound like you're way off like way down a hall somewhere like a channel seven
Now do we really have Rick weaver on the show
Coming up, but I don't mean like live, but on tape are you serious to instead every day or just on Monday
Every day what's he do?
He taught just a minute mr. Weaver to you, okay
Just remember that mr. Weaver to you. I met him coming up in just a few minutes
Well listen, I know just like he had all those dinners with AJ do we at the S.A.D
This man has got the most incredible imagination. Yeah, AJ remember all those great lunches
We used to have at the S.A.D. Who the hell are you? They were dinners. Oh dinners great. Okay, let's go to um
Getting choked up from all the steam food, okay
From that candy was delicious, but my god. How much food can you eat? It's everywhere. Hollywood. Hello
Yeah, hi, welcome. They're welcome. They're again. Oh my god. It's Steve from Hollywood. I didn't think you'd recognize him
No, of course not Steve listen. I heard I heard on your last broadcast. You're gonna have your birthday with Bill Caltor. How is he doing?
Uh, I don't know. I haven't seen Bill in a few days
I thought you said you're gonna go to the caller with him or something
I'm not it didn't work. I'd never heard from him any. I think he's going through change of life for something
I don't know what's going on with Bill, but last few days I've been getting these strange vibes
And he gave my home number to Bob Lasseter and since then I've been just a little bit leery
You know, I think he just needs a little rest
He said a rough year. Oh
True. Yeah, well, I'm not I'm not making that up either. I'm not joking or just something
Something in the ear there. I don't know what it was see what happened is I forgot his wife's birthday again
Oh
And he made some little last time we spoke which is about a week ago
He made some little cost and comment about how a Mary Ellen's birthday which just passed, you know
And I just you know, I've had all this stuff going on and I forgot
And I have a feeling that he just to harbor some hostility about that. I could be wrong
But you know me I'm very sensitive
Yeah, well so is Bill is there recall? Yeah, extremely so yeah
If anybody had any idea what's been going on in our lives in the last month
Yeah, the last a few weeks have been pretty hectic. You can imagine, okay? Yeah
Well, listen, I just sort of call up and wish you well
And the only one thing and I hope you don't get mad at me now, but you might after I say this
I wish you'd have left Ed McMahon wherever you was. Oh, jeez
Ed McMahon, yeah, well, I mean my cackling friend right. Oh, why do you say that? Yeah, why why?
Well, because he doesn't get to me did anything except a non a not needed support
I mean, I like I say maybe I shouldn't say that but that's my true feeling now sir, you know
I'm right here. You can talk directly to me. You don't have to talk to me like standing's trying to boycott you
Oh, he doesn't recognize you like red China
No, I wouldn't go that far, but you know, I mean, I've no need I have no I've no I've no led him for a long time
He didn't he did did real well before you came along and I think you're more or less a detriment
That's just like a dead drum in yeah, don't you think that's a little strong a word to use in that sentence? No
I'll tell you why because I've heard you try to do news and you can't pronounce half the stuff you try to
But that would be Steve. Yeah, have a nice day. Okay
What does that talk about doing with you? Well Steve is a nice guy is very emotional and very high
You could tell
And he just gets all been out of shape about minutia. Yes
Now this man has parlayed himself into a nice career he sits here any cackels and he eats and gets paid pretty nicely now for it now
And leave him alone. Maybe it's jealousy. That could be it
He would like to come in and cackel. Yeah, see everybody thinks they can do it
And Steve like I said is a good guy, but he's a little too nervous to cackel. Okay. He's got that nervous kind of quaggle in his voice jealousy
Okay, you get so emotional about these people why don't you just consider the source okay? Just the basket case
Very good. Okay, speak of the basket case. Let's go to high alia. Hello. Hi you guys doing great. I don't know what I got just doesn't leave
The bird alone are you you should have that thing on cake with the old lady you're struggling
Yeah, which every once in a while you know and then people come on like that you can you know
Just what they need when they're struggling they need to bring out something so they bring that out
Yeah, he brought out something all right
Listen now does this mean now that that um maybe we'll get a few people back on
To come in and visit you like uh maybe Tony and Hank and come on and talk to you and uh Tom
I don't think Tony will be coming in because Tony works at magic now
So I don't think that he'll be coming in here. I would like to but I really kind of down it
But the Hank can come in anytime. Hank's a good friend and a great guy. It's spider what Steve says and
And by the way Bill Cosford I should thank Bill wrote a really nice piece in the hero yesterday a big article
You didn't see it. No, I didn't. Oh, he wrote a great article about talk radio mostly about me
What's that now?
Now that the news is gonna go deep six. They don't care
That's the same that that paper is going out too. Yep. That's true. Harold's got it all locked up now
Like the sex and filth and guts
Yeah, Paul Harvey by the way, I'm sure that there are a lot of people ringing the switchboard right now
Where's Paul?
All in harm. You were so upset
Paul went by by okay. He took his 18th century right wing
Propaganda went by by and he's not on w. I. O. D anymore and that's the way it goes, okay
We don't have time on this show for Paul Harvey, okay? You know, he used to he used to disrespect Jimmy Carter so much that he was but when
Regan's on I mean, you know, all of a sudden you can't say anything bad about the president
Yeah, well Paul is a right wing douchebag and he like manipulates the news, you know accordingly and but he's gone
And all those the sandy patent listeners who twisted over to hear Paul go back over to w's news and take you know have a nice life
Is standing is right out the baby yet?
Any day. Oh wow
You keep us in touch and let us know what they're doing okay, and matter of fact they're gonna be filming
It's a live part five
So sexative it's just a joke
No, it's just a little joke. They're doing just fine and it's gonna be a boy and his name is gonna be Christopher
Something or other but it's gonna be great
Listen, you have to and we hope it doesn't look like Stan you have to hang around and and have a little talk with the gackie
Because a gym man the tea he said yesterday
Then he takes it all in stride and and he doesn't let much of that stuff bother him
But since Joe is still young in the business and everything
His skin hasn't tough enough. Yeah, it goes a little sensitive
But in fact he was suicidal he was here yesterday when I was taping and he was watching the dolphin game
And he was a semi-suicidal
I met Manditch he's an ice guy he looks like he's in good shape
It looks like he could play tomorrow. Yeah, you should go out in
All the way out the little anorexic everybody around here is pretty good, you know, okay? Listen have a great day
Okay, 1224 wiod Rick Weaver and one man's opinion is up next dolphin penalties and the first shall be last
I'm ready
1229 at wiod and our first day is going so well and this is like a piece of cake
As they say on the table it's like a piece of
That could we say the wonderful island dreams are we gonna say that?
Mm-hmm, you can't get a real surly when you say that. Do they really?
Okay, but if you say the wonderful island of Dung like we used to say that with someone else then they say hey
That's more like it or the mint the mint. Yeah, they like that. See that's when we used to be someplace else
Now that we're here. It's like hey, it's great. Okay, let's go to Delray. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Welcome to AM. Yeah
I listen to you from like your second day when you went over to FM and I never I never called
And I was in Colorado last week when all this happened you changed yeah, and my wife called me hysterical crying
And I thought
I think of the phone I thought jeez from from the family's dead
You know, so she tells me it finally it comes out. It was just Neil
You know you had made your move so I just wanted to call you because I never did in case you disappear again
I wanted to tell you good luck on AM don't go anywhere. Okay. Now is your wife okay now? Yeah, she's calm
Okay, she's over it, but I mean
Thank God
Thanks a lot bye bye. Well, that was a mollussel
Wow
Okay, let's go to Palm Beach again. Shall we West Palm? We're taking those seems are we taking all calls from Palm Beach County?
It's incredible. Sorry on Beach hello. Neil how you doing great first time caller and they sound good too
The guy sounds like he's right in the building you and the bird are great Americans Neil are you sure you're not calling from Bill
Wise's officer
I'm not myself. I called in on a fake hate call figure you're giving up on the mobile calls
Fig and I get put on first and the guy didn't fall for it. No, huh
They're a little too sharp in the other room for that sir. Yeah, I a couple things
That's great a weaver after 50 years on the rules committee and the least penalized team one year and all of the sudden the officials
Are bent over backwards to hurt the dolphins now?
Is that is that what Rick was crying?
He's saying if so panlize this year because the officials are bent over backwards not to give the dolphins a break because
Shulas on the rules committee's been on the rules committee for years for crying
I want to they admit it there a bunch of steps down there
But sir why don't you understand you know when you have to do those games when you have to you know
preside over like a debacle like yesterday
Yeah, you'd be upset too. You'd be like pulling off our guy's socks one after another, okay?
But the big question is is what's worth to play on the field of the play by playing the booth?
No, now you're gonna say that you know one thing
I've consistently said about Rick regardless of anything I've ever said he's one of the best
Well, he's not objective obviously
Who wants him to be objective when I support a team?
I mean like when I was a pirate span all those years and Bob Prince was you know
So he was his partisan as could be or like if you're a cubs fan Harry Carey is great because he's for the home team
But that list that little little sound buddy just did was really ridiculous very inconsistent
Well if you say so we didn't listen to it because we were in here. We're schmoozing okay?
I tried to call whenever you say I'll go along with it just to make you happy
I tried to call you Rick has dick skinny's been the suffering with these miserable teams the last few years now
It can handle it try to call you Friday when you and joker were trying to figure out why
Kane hangs around with the a cretin that he does outside of work because Kane obviously is a pretty sharp guy is a good talk show host
I think it all wait a minute wait a minute
Why is somebody who's a good talk show host a pretty sharp guy?
I just I'm not knocking Steve, but what makes you assume that because somebody's good on the year there is sharp guy
He may be a slow-mozzled sir
Well, you know, he may be some kind of a schmendrick who hangs around with a bunch of douchebags
He may all I can base my opinion out of what I hear on the air and the air he sounds like he's pretty sharp
Got a good personality's quick and I agree with him to some degree
But his philosophy seems to change and I think that the answer to him hanging around with
Mr. Ciderman is he doesn't care what's cider man boy. That's a mystery or do you sir? Yes?
Yeah, that's loose. I definitely lose wrong wrong phrase their cider man in general
I don't think he cares what philosophy somebody has as long as they help him with his stick in his bank account
I'm not like that if somebody to me is a virulent right wing douchebag
I'm just not gonna hang around with that person because it just it just cuts across my grain
You know what I'm saying obviously it takes more than buying you a drink to get you go another table and change your
Flies right now a good meal. Maybe that's another
Sure and also the people that I've heard that you seem that behind his friends like mr. Hill there and Dave
Captain David the other station you are far better off with the individuals you hang around with away from the microphone
Well, I have a rich full-life unlike Steve who has this his show is this whole life sir
It's just a little joke. It's about that promo that he did
You're following me sir. I'm gonna draw you a diagram. Okay. Listen have a wonderful day to get it out of your system
Keep up the good work because Rick weaver is pounding on the window and saying your number one
Well weaver the weatherman these are a place. Okay, good luck
Hostel and hysterical sure why
Okay, I should give the numbers out the phones a big go nuts
But I know we have a lot of young pinheads out there who want to call through who are old AMListers and they're just at a loss
They have no idea what's going on and it makes two of us a date County 751 WIOD
Broward 524 WIOD Bokeh and Delray 278 WIOD and given these numbers out in the room and in Palm Beach
655 WIOD 1234 and April Wortham is back with a quick WIOD news update
Do you know we're up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all
Understand whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he likes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request
But I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of us come start again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
See when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions
And then you got to go into somebody dying, you know, they do this to me all the time
I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record
I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a
Up-tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up-tempo and I got to talk about a control dying
What is this and ponderous man ponderous and ponderous why you can say that again
Okay, 19 to 1 W I O D the near Rogers Monday show and everything is just zip it right along
This has been too easy hasn't it?
Okay, don't forget sports talk at 610 tonight live from Tony Romans in Davy really
Boy you're gonna have to have some guts to go to
That dolphins gaming yesterday with the Rick weaver and Joe Zagaki and then at 8 o'clock tonight
Rush Lindbawd times night of a ten and Larry King what's a question at 11 o'clock tonight?
Okay, let's continue. Let's go back to Miami. Hello, and they'll yeah, yeah
I'm like you know what you mean when you used to always say how Rick weaver never takes a shower
I know I never said he never took a shower. I
Said that there was something about his feet. I'm not sure exactly what it was
But I said that the little tap dance after some of the games and that as a result some of his feet were like
What do they call that eczema or something? I don't know something like that sir
Don't you understand we have to be nice to these people now we can't come over here and talk about the Rick's feet
My
Really pick is no absolutely now that one I'm not gonna back away. I mean when his main topic that it was the mystery picker
What does that tell you okay?
Okay, I want one other thing
I like Greta lot but like he never talks and when he does you never
He just says a couple words. That's the idea
Yeah, and then you talk very spiritually. That's the idea of a problem with that sir
Well, I don't understand you know the state the station could save like five six hundred a week
How do you now wait about how do you know he's making five six hundred a week?
He could be making more than that or less. Yeah, brother. Are you jealous?
Or would you like to get paid by the cackel?
But he doesn't even answer the phone. He doesn't do anything. He does nothing exactly and that's the way he likes it. Okay?
We can't you know this is not way to come back
Okay, what's that because there's food in here? You missed the pizza to Steve and the ribs from Tony Romas
That's right. That'll see some cookies from mother-rims cookies here and there's all the good stuff for meats and treats
Yeah, see we don't mess around
But watch him though because he's got to watch his weight
He's gotten just a little on the puffy sides of my soul. Yeah, I wouldn't say fat, but he's got a
Puffy I like you know
No, well you gained in lost I know when you get to be as old as you are
In fact, I don't know anybody as old as you are and the cookies are right here. Do you like some of those like a cookie?
Those are an amcentum
Now these are delicious and you missed the ribs, but they disappeared like Grant took old just they just put them down in the cafeteria
And they just swooped him up
Until Wednesday night and I didn't have saved my appetite. Yeah, by the way, it's Glenn invited to that too
Wow who else gonna be there Tom jicca you me and Steve okay at the depot we're gonna meet at the depot seven o'clock
Okay, I'll do any audience can come watch a seat
If you move quickly and it is good stuff see we'll feed you now Steve
I like customers pal. This isn't like yeah, Cosford had a great column
The knee always does thank God for Bill like we're gonna have him on the show one of these days if he ever comes back to town
He did oh, yeah that little part about how he's become very comfortable with any subject and what the hell is that all about?
Well, I would speculate but yeah
Perhaps we better pass on that although maybe when you have Jack Sturdy on in a few days he can answer the question for you
I can't answer all questions. Oh, do you really have a couple of them?
Okay 1244 it's 16 no one air steam. He's getting ready for his contrive debate today at two
And let's go to Kendall night showing. Well, I'm finally getting the hang of this thing on a phone great
Finally took a little while I'm a little slow, but the sooner or later. Okay Kendall. Hello. Oh my god. Yes, sir
I'm on the air these phones sound so damn good, you know it?
God better you sound better on the end than you did on FM. Yeah FM was really a loser wasn't it?
We had big numbers, but we just didn't have the right audience for the management over there and we're getting up early in the morning, huh?
Yes, some lightweight airwaves. Yeah
Couple things I tried like like hell when you're on FM to get through to you to ask you a question. Okay. What's the question, sir?
The question was I was I guess probably about a month ago all of a sudden
Cable was playing over and over again this movie about explorers and these kids and river Phoenix. Oh
Forget it. Well the question that I had was and it's an old question already, but it's still probably
Qualifies as a decent one. What was all the talk prior to that all last year?
Or would have you the summer about this guy River Phoenix?
Wait a minute. What was all the talk by who you didn't hear me talk about him?
I
Lenn was the one who was talking about him constantly. He's got like a river. He thinks river Phoenix
I guess looks like a girl. Okay, that must be it. Now you guys are all
He's got this female
He's very big in the Phoebe Kates and I think he thinks that somewhere along the line the two of them are like related
Like you don't seem in the same room. They must be the same. That is correct
In fact, if you strip them both stark naked of all their clothing there'd be a lot of similar body parts
I think I think we were talking about his name river and
No, no, there were some people who had in fact back when we were on AM you had this thing about river Phoenix
Constantly and we kept playing stand by me, which I'm gonna have to put on cart
River Phoenix it was Jeff Striker. I mean, well now you're getting a little anonymous
Yeah, now you're getting a little bit closer to the truth in fact
Striker's gonna be on with Steve one of these days soon
And I might just hang around for 20 or 30 minutes. See what's going on
Listen when you when you went to FM
In fact, I think when you were still at AM before you went to FM you lost or it was taken from you
If I had a peanut. Oh, yeah, we're getting Uncle Bonzai
No, not if I had a penis it's called penis envy
I mean the way you say that sir
It sounds so you know debasing and disgusting. It's like something river Phoenix would say
In the
No, no uncle Bonzai was that the guy?
Yeah, the boat doctor. Yeah, he's sending it to us or bringing it by or putting it on a boat and sending it down the intercoastal
Or something and in a couple of days we'll have it
Well Jerry floats around all the counties you can probably have a lot of listeners who float around all the counties
Okay, if you know what I mean probably expect in the drop in with that album, but that's great
Yeah, you have that cut on card now or no, you lost it. Are you listening to me?
So that's what we're waiting we need boys want sex in the morning
penis envy and one other one on there that we used to play which I can't think of at the moment
But when he brings him in we'll dub him fantastic get on a stick Jerry
Okay, okay, sir. Thank you for the inside call and have a wonderful day
Thank you. Bye. Bye. Who now was that?
No idea good guy, but I mean they sounded like a little in to me
Wilton manners hello
You're on the same station as Jimmy Johnson. Do you still think he looks like how he duty on a bad day?
Yeah, you are you sexually attracted to him now neither one sir. Is this mr. Bluster?
No, okay
I think that was his second call if I'm not mistaken. Of course he looks like how he duty on a bad day
And I wish he'd get we're get a new wig, okay?
Come on. It's to one W I O D and our next call is in Miami. Hello. I knew yes, sir
Great to see you on the new station. Well good. It's good to see you too
In fact, as I look through the speaker I can almost get the feeling I could reach out and touch you. Yeah, you wish yeah
Maybe I think you would okay. Well, it sounds pretty interesting sir. How long would you like to talk about a half an hour?
Well, I don't know maybe maybe you want to spend a half hour just right here. Okay, whatever you say pal listen
one of the boats in time to
Talking about what happened last year, you know with that clown and roll gables
Oh, no, we can't to discuss anything even remotely related to that okay, sir. No, or do we want nor do we have any desire to?
Okay, I just was wondering
Okay, the day will come someday wait on the road, but not now already. There's an interesting article in the Sunday
Hurl the local section
Concerning that clown I saw it, but like I said sir. We can't discuss it
I like to do a little experiment. How long's your time to line seven seconds? Yeah, okay?
I like to be the first person to introduce you. Okay. Have a nice day
I
Mean is it worth it? You know is it worth objecting myself to it?
Some people are so easily amused incredible. Okay 1249 it's 11 before 1 and W I O D
And we're gonna do the melting pot now because I just can't wait good
And those of you see we have a whole new opportunity to turn people on to the great fund do it
The melting pot because we have a whole I don't want to say a whole new audience
Because a lot of these people are like carry-overs from other places gone by
But I'm guarantee we have a lot of people who never even heard of the melting pot
They have three locations. They're in West Palm
They're on sunset drive down in South Miami and they're on sample road in Oral Springs and when it comes to fondue
You can't touch the melting pot fact and not only just fondue
But when it comes to having a good
Relaxing enjoyable dinner with friends having maybe a nice bottle of wine great service very moderate prices
Nice atmosphere than the melting pot is the place any night seven nights of the week beginning at five o'clock
4 30 on Sunday down in Kendall and whether you choose the cheese of the a cheddar cheese or a Swiss cheese fondue or the beef
Chicken seafood or vegetarian main course or the white chocolate with amaretto or chocolate fondue dessert the food is always
Sensational it's kind of fun because you cook it right at your own table and as I said
It's always a real treat at the melting pot. You tried once you're gonna be hooked
You go back time and time again you'll find them at 3044 South military trail in West Palm
9835 Sunset driving South Miami just up the road from the bird's house
And on West sample road in Coral Springs just to my West University
Just a couple of blocks east of Pine Island Road. You tell them Uncle Neil sent you by for fantastic fondue the melting pot
Here's a tip for travelers
Now you can earn money every time you fly
Red a car
Bob Silver Henry Barrow all part of South Florida's morning show every week day right here
Now back to Neil Rogers our new stock radio six 10 W I O D
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Okay, it's 1253 at W I O D the near-roger show Steve is in the building. He'll be a logger too
Wow, I know you're excited about that and let's take our next call from Hollywood. Hello
Well, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question for you and then a question for the bird. Okay
I first I want to say happy birthday. Thank you. Thanks. And I know Sally fits very nicely that did she blow out your candles?
Next question sir. Okay
Because it's my birthday she can certainly blow mine, but anyway
Candles
Yep
Okay, bird. Yes, sir. You probably didn't know this all that time. I'm one of the people that listen to what
When Zeta, but I never really called in
I'm on where
Unzeta four. Oh, yeah, I remember that. Yeah, some FM
And you guys were some about Joey as one of the major competitors or something like that
Yeah, you gave him a lot of fear of time
But actually the way I thought your main competitor was some guy called Zippo in the morning
Zippo. Yeah, I don't understand. There was like there's a guy on
AM 1290 AM they called Zippo in the morning. I used to switch 1290 AM. What is that? What the hell is that?
WPP whatever yeah, WPP
The big PPP on your radio. Yeah, Palm Beach Gold. Oh
That's a heavyweight
Where's this guy calling from anyway? They played some real classic. Are you in Jupiter, sir? No, I think he's on your rain
Okay
1255 on WIOD. Well, that was an incredible compliment. I'm Zippo
Analyzing that in my mind
Volca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. How you doing? I feel like I'm an old friend of yours who listen so long
Well, it sounds like you're getting older by the minute pal. Really waiting on the line all this time
That'll do it. Yeah, I have a question for you. How can I come to pompin at this year?
I'll come on. I'm coming to pompin. Oh because they didn't buy my show again
They may sound petty, but it's like two of the last three years
When I was still over on Zeta we had the number one show in the morning
We had the best demographics by far of anybody and they play politics over there with their advertising and as a result
I just made up my mind. I don't need them. Okay, and now I'm just don't need them opening night
We looked where we heard you had a reservation around yeah, I did
That's right. I wouldn't I discovered what the politics were going on
I said the hell with them and that's the way I feel
It's still fun track. Well great. I mean, I'm looking and they're getting like 2200 people on a weeknight and 2400
They can't afford to alienate their friends, you know, but the problem over there is they have never learned who their real friends are and
They're gonna pay for it. Okay. I don't get me wrong. I love harness racing and it's a great
I feel it's a great sacrifice that I might because I'd love to go there a couple of times a week, but um, I don't need them
I can use that money for better purposes. Okay, kind of stuff that's right in there now
You don't miss anything anyhow. Yeah, you know, there's three 40 and 280 and 260 who needs that? Okay
We've got three dolphins tickets. They're one the shows off. There you go
Get them guys at the office now least we fill up the stadium, right? Yeah, one more thing. I was looking to cap and Dave this morning. Yeah
But it's sad it's all over there
Mm-hmm. Now you left him stranded. Yeah
You know, you know what to do when they're kind of in limbo and it's uh, you know
People you're intended we were gonna be there
We'd probably still be on the air over there at least through this week if things would have kind of goring to oil but
The upper level management again not to mention any specific names to him
But the upper level management had a blurted out to the newspapers and put it out in public and as a result
We just you know, we just all decided to be better to go our separate ways a little bit sooner, but um, I don't know what they're gonna do
I really don't ever think it would bring Captain Dave ever with it
Well, you know, it's hard enough to get two people hired but to get a station to hire three is pretty tough
Especially for a midday show you know, but if we had been on in the morning again somewhere would have been different
Because you know, three people are really takes to do a morning show
But to do a midday show pretty hard to sell that and they always doesn't talk about you guys well if Neil
We're here he'd be doing this yeah, okay, really yeah, if Neil were there he'd be pulling his hair out okay
You have no idea when I tell you I tell people it's like being let off death row
And I mean it I'm not kidding. That's how badly they treated us
That's how they made us feel like subhuman a garbage and he just never stopped harassing and pulling bits out and uh
Don't do that. It's about pop up. You know, and blaming us for the failures of the rest of the day
Which to me is incredible yeah, but to bring me in and sit me down and say well you got to be more positive about the rest of the day
And I said to them I said look I could pay each one of my listeners
50 bucks of peace and if they don't like the music you're playing the rest of the day
They're not going to listen to it okay
So instead of looking at themselves and a lot of that obscure
Marginal non-entity music that they seem insistent upon playing and saying maybe we need to change that
They kept pointing the finger at us while you're not you know not selling the rest of the day. Well who the hell could sell it?
Well, you think the numbers then they should leave the loan. Yeah, well good luck to them. Okay. All right. I could talk and take it on. They're gonna get there
Okay, thanks a lot. Bye-bye
Well, these people sound like they're on a really emotional trip here today, don't they?
Okay, speaking of elderly let's go to Lake Worth. Hello
Lake Worth
Okay
She must be related to the struggling lady. Okay. Uh-huh. It must have been Rick Siderman's grandmother
Boy, are we gonna have to hear about Rick Siderman for the next the god?
Or you know, how many months? I mean the man we've got to decone him from I know we got we got our work send you to San Diego to that
Decloning place out there where they take these surgically removed these
The mentored things from your brain. Okay, they just reach in there and they lift them right out. We got our work cut out for
Yeah, my favorite
Up for it, but you left out fat see if you should have said you're my favorite fat
Fag
Just any old fag, okay, you miserable bitch
Okay, listen, that's about it for this hour. We got only one hour to go. Can you believe this?
We just sat down here and the food came in and everybody's in a great mood and Rick changed his socks and everything
It's incredible and who is the mystery picker by the way
Steve has done the identity of the mystery picker on the cane show this afternoon
Stick around now April's back with the news and we'll come back in 105 here on 610 WIOD
Benz neo-runchers to get in touch and talk call 751 WIOD in day five two four WIOD in broad or six five five and two
Seven eight WIOD in the fall beaches other areas make all collapse the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not
Necessarily those of the station now here's neo-runchers on new stock radio six 10 WIOD
Okay, so what were we saying about those godless wonders in Portland, man? Oh we're back
Five minutes after one WIOD Steve is in a building. He'll be along a two
In the meantime, we're gonna get in a lot of calls this hour, but we also have a couple of must play things that we're gonna do right
Yeah, right. That's right, but first deep throat. You want to go on hello
Deal throat. Are you really there? I think so it only took me five hours to get through and you've only been on the air for four
By the way that Palm Beach line a really ticks me off is open again six five five WIOD for you stiffs up in the Palm beaches
For you old parts up there in the Palm beaches go ahead sir. You have to do this on my time. Yeah, go ahead
Listen uh glam neo by the way neo-heavy birthday. Thank you. Graduation from locations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I was right by there 10 o'clock. I realized I saw the
The things they have the barricades on every nice chic cosy. Yeah, I think that's my business
I'd be of a thousand points of light
I really like that though. By the way, I have a version copy of Uncle Bonza. You may use it if you want are you serious?
I swear to God if I played her one time really
Not all the cuts. I will bring it by tomorrow if you really want excellent. That's fantastic unless you've already got it on
If it's already being sent then we'll bring it well
No, if you come by first believe me it'll that'll be great
We can have some people dub it while we're on the air okay
I know a lot of people just like the other place. They got people walking up and down the hallway
Who are doing nothing? You know, we don't know who they are. Hey
I realize this isn't like 200 seven drive, you know
Probably can hardly look so out like worse than 200 seven drive. Hey, let me tell you it's great over here
This is like there's some real living and breathing people here and a few of me even speak English
Everyone's putting you down about with Rick Weaver. I have to say I've listened to Neil since he was on AM and he has stationed
If I'm a voice followed you you've always played this consistency
You've always caught attention to fact that he never changes. He's a great announcer. There no question about it
I mean far as he's socks or whatever that's another story. What is a great announcer? Absolutely
But I do have something to tell you that you might not like
Uh-oh
Okay, I'm Saturday night live. I saw more than Downey Jr
Yeah, okay, he was with the church. It's a true story. I'm Saturday night
He was trying to river for being you know how crimp and proper she is and he was saying what she really needed was more
Downey junior junior and he pointed to his crotch and that's for real. I'm not making this up
Are you serious? He said junior junior once again, they've ripped off your lining. Yeah, that board man
He just doesn't have an original thought is not does he?
And also at the same night I watched the jack Anderson special on the JFK assassination
And I finally put on my glad you mentioned that man that was now glenets mentioned he saw it on
It was grass week. Yeah, yeah, it wasn't great. It was horrendous man
It was the worst piece of crap. I've ever seen it was like that UFO show with Mike Ferrell
That's right amateur and they had Marina Oswald on there all of these
These independent shows that they're putting together, man. It's incredible
But the information was good. It was just it was hot pie together for the
I want when you calm down listen to me Johnny Roselle died in 1976. He got hit. Okay. That's 12 years ago
Now if he gave all this information to jack Anderson before he died
How come it took jack 12 years to make these great revelations because Johnny Roselle just surface so to speak
What you just surface, you know the old drum meal. Yeah, the body just came up. Oh, I got you. Okay
Now but seriously I put it together when Dan Quill compared himself to JFK
He wasn't that far off base because at this point time nobody knows the whereabouts of either of their brain. Yeah, okay
Okay, throat thanks a lot. I have a wonderful day and thanks for the record in advance
Bye-bye now. I told you I thought that was a weird show terrible
But there were a couple things I did learn from it was awful and anybody who has I mean this doesn't include you
But anybody who's been a student of the JFK assassination
You know didn't learn anything from that show. I mean, that's all old material right. I'm not a student
No, interested that I have you're not I haven't studied it
But like on the edges on the fringes something like that was pathetic
And then at the end of the show there is they were going out and they showed all these pictures of a JFK running around in his bathing suit
And in his gym shorts. What was that supposed to be was that kind of like the beginning of a JFK skin flicker something?
Oh, Zanaba
That'll probably be coming up next month with jacket and the way jack delivered that show the way he read the lines in it
It was so pathetic, you know, it's real. Come on jack. It was like he was doing his an imitation of his old boss drew Pearson
Wow, you don't remember drew Pearson
Before I waited away before he was like Jack Anderson's boss really well
Anderson was kind of shaking. Yeah, he was shaking and if I'd been doing it kind of a show I'd have been shaken too
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Nobody there. What a shame. I know that must probably been one of the best calls of the day
Got a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you great?
Sirious question. Are you going to do it any sports announcing now that you're on i.o.d?
I don't know but if I would answer yes, I'm sure there'll be a lot of historical people in the building
But let's put it this way the possibility is open. Okay, would you like to do it? Yes
Because you know, I don't know you know, one of your new new listeners don't know how good you are at this stuff
Well, probably they don't but they will and secondly real quick. We'll tell them
I read almost every book you can read on the JFK thing when it first happened on the left and you're absolutely right
There's nothing new everybody has thought for years. It was the Cuban slash mafia. There's not I mean it was it was one of the most boring shows
I ever saw yeah, and he did have David Shimon
I don't know if you read that book or not the one that I've been touting. Oh, yeah
What's the name of that book?
Contracts contract on America. Yeah, the mafia assassination of JFK is the subheading
Is that a new book? Yeah, it's within the last year or so. I haven't read that. Try read everything 10 years ago
The book is sensational. Okay, it's excellent
And he did have David Shimon you author on a couple of times
But other than that man, there was nothing new on there the interview with Marina
I think even a five-year-old kid could have done a better interview with Marina Oswald. It was pathetic
It really was and if you read everything like I had right after happened
Then you knew how pathetic the Warren commission report was. Yeah. Oh, yeah
The series that been coming out for years is like you say there's nothing new. It's like it's like it's tomato soup
How did you like you made us do? How did you like Jerry Ford's performance?
But he's a bright guy isn't he? I didn't like the I didn't like the use
I know it's hard to do I don't like the use of the the quote actors to take the place of all these
I mean it was amateurish. You were terrible. You're right
I'd like to see you do some sports announcing because you're the best baseball announcer I ever heard. Thank you, sir
You're a great American. Thanks a lot
This has been a real innovating day hasn't it?
Now they did take the razor plate that at the sports department. Yeah, they did take the razor blades on a both the sports department and this studio
Just before uh before we came on the air. I think there's something symbolic about that
Anyways 12 minutes after one at 610 W. I. O. D. We'll come right back
Okay easy the heist is going down in half an hour
Tell us where and when that's your two it's that
Or savior on high. Is he talk? It's at the serge give him this a big throwtrap within
Zinaxi it works on contact so he'll get coffe relief, you know like a cost year up only faster so you'll sing
Here you see now talk
Well, serge. I don't know
Nighten vix throw drops with instant action because faster relief is better relief uses directed
The
Touch it planet light it right it
The
Hold it
This year while fight the crowds at department stores when Bentley says something for everyone on your gift list
luggage travel accessories leather goods and hundreds of gifts ideas like the American tourist or organizer
The garment bag is packed with features comes with 15 ziver compartments and a special hanger device that locks any hanger into place
The American tourist or organizer great gift regularly $210 now especially price at just 149 99
The American tourist or organizer is in the bag at friendlies Bentley's luggage and gift stores and most major malls throughout Florida
This is Steve Kane and my good friend Bill McQuagg for Nutri system bill
You look absolutely fabulous. How long you been on the Nutri system program now?
14 weeks fee 37 pounds and holding steady 37 pounds, but who's counting right? That's right not only do you look great
But you must feel great as well. It's you'd be surprised what it'll do for you
It really does make you feel good you don't mind standing naked in front of a mirror anymore
You don't mind standing naked in front of a mirror. I do it every day now the same as standing naked in front of a man
But I gotta tell you the thing about Nutri system is that not only do you take the weight off
But you keep it off as well with that great maintenance program
In fact, you're on the maintenance program now, right? And it's just the same. It's the same as
The original diet, but you get to add the foods that you really like in the maintenance program
Take weight off the easier way with Nutri system call them this week you get a free no obligation weight loss consultation
Their number is 1-800-344 thin. That's 1-800-344-8446 called Nutri system today
In this world nothing says love quite like a diamond solitaire from America's new
Jouler service merchandise and right now our finest one carrot solitaire in a six-throwing 14-carat gold setting is on sale for just
$2,790 you'll save $700
It's no wonder nothing feels as good as fine diamonds from America's leading Jouler service merchandise
You M head football coach Jimmy Johnson on hard work down care if it's in football or if it's in your business or whatever you do
If you're just physically
To get something done and then all of a sudden
It happens. You know that's a great great pleasure when you have that type of reward
You know then it makes you want to go out there and do it again Jimmy Johnson part of the WILD
Thursday night at seven only on news talk radio six 10 WILD
you
Get boy get girl
Gonna take you around the world
Get boy
I'm gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna miss you. Be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Can you tell what's on my mind
She was him and right me wild
I like to hit them on a head
I'm still he said beside the sun it's such a high
He used me
Hey
We made it on a ball of blitz
I took his arm and kiss his lips
He looked at me with such a smile
I think her red people are running through the rim
Who's who's who
He gives me
Get boy get girl
Gonna take you around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who's who
Get boy get girl
So I'm only just a teen
I like to kick I like to scream
And even if I have a kick or two
Incess when I was never just a dream
Who's who's who
He gives me head
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you around the world
Just boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
The other thing what a surprise
I saw him with some other guys
Got him with dress up with a girl around his neck
I call him private for my eyes
Who's who
He gave me head
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
And for when I make it through
Or if I bring it to the moon
And when the world has to forget all that I've said
I still remember you
Who's who
You gave me head
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
You gave me head
Get boy get girl
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
I know I'm only just 15
I like the kick, I like the scream
And even if I have a kick or two in bed
When I'm with him it's just a dream
Who's who
Who
Get boy get girl
The other thing want to surprise
I thought him with the mother guy
Got he was dressed up with a girl around his neck
I could have cried before my eyes
Who's who
He gave me head
He gave me head
I think for when I make you through
All is my brain is I don't lose
I'm in the world I do forget all that I've said
I still remember you
Who's who
You gave me head
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you're around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you're around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you're around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Get boy get girl
Gonna think you're around the world
Get boy and gonna make the summer freeze. I'm gonna make you be a girl
Who's who
Get boy get girl
Okay 122 at WIOD
Then he around your show here on a Monday and just all kinds of people out there wanted to hear that yeah and there was
What I say all kinds of people I mean lots of people was that nothing appropriate to them all kinds of people
Anyway, I just I want to make a little announcement because I want to get something out of my system right in the beginning
Okay, and that is like we heard from musty from Hollywood who's a nice guy but a chronic caller and I just want to let this audience
No, because I know we got a lot of WIOD people a lot of new people and a lot of people from whatever
And that's not what the show is gonna be okay
This is not gonna be the magnificent seven. It's not gonna be the same old chronic voices
It's not gonna be people over the age of a hundred. It's not gonna be how loud
Don't want that okay, don't you understand we don't want it. Yeah, but what if jack and the beach calls lovely lady
Hello lovely lady
Now he's busy with Sandy okay and believe me. She's gonna need jack every single day okay trust me lovely lady
But I just want to make that clear up front we don't on this show we don't encourage chronic regulars
We don't want to hear all those old KAT voices from 15 years ago
That's that's the death now of talk radio in this market okay and people like Sandy who are lazy who keep talking to the same
And dozen people over and over again. That's why they're terminal okay to put it in very clear blood language terminal
Now what are we gonna do the day myself clear? What are we gonna do the day?
She has the TV repairman well
We'll probably have to stay home that day because there's no way to combat that
And the day that she's got the collectibles guy. No way to combat that
Okay, let's do a little break and then we'll get back into these calls because they're passing out on the phone 124
W I O D W I O D sports stock is
Before you go could you do one short thing for me?
What's that man just say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest?
Absolutely, I'm not going to do that. Okay 127 on W I O D. Wow. Well, we had to do a little
little special for Uncle standard a okay, yeah, and he gets hysterical every time he hears that and then did you see
Johnson's picture in the paper Johnson don't hold on Johnson. No, he came
Here come the heat. Yeah, here come the heat get out of here. You're pretty mr. Sports over here
Okay, 28 after one. Let's go to Kendall nice and lying for hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I called before
I left for Atlantic City, New Jersey with Mike torso the jockey. Oh, yeah
Yeah, and she just got back and started riding it called her this week great. She had a real good Europe in New Jersey
She ended up leading writer Atlantic City excellent and see the big ya piece they had about Julie Cron on breeders cup day on Saturday
Yeah, what's your real nice little girl? Yeah, you wrote a lot of races with her good writer too excellent excellent
And she was number eight at the metal lands when we left there fantastic. That's good
You still go to Calder every now and then every once in a while I go out there and knock him dead
Well, don't forget Mikey. Okay, alrighty. Thanks a lot good to have her back. Okay, my bye. Bye. How do you like that?
We got our colder people now great. You know, I saw horse
I would have picked him glad to do it yesterday. I saw it in the charts this morning
Tyrant boss. Yeah with Bobby Brie very relatable. Where did it finish? I like seven or eight, you know
That's a good horse. Mm-hmm, but anyway, we're gonna be giving you our colder picks tomorrow
We'll have the our own mystery picker
So microneery eat your heart out okay because we can pick him just as good as anybody okay?
It's you know, you're right. I'm the depths of right nostril. Okay, Hollywood. Hello. How you doing, Dale? Real good
Welcome back to A&R. Thank you so much boys. Great to be in a real world here with real people who are awake and alive
Civilized right name almost tonight you over to
All right, dude. Listen. I got a customer. So I gotta go take care. Thank you sir. Bye bye. Boy that was good. Excellent call
That's not true. So that's the way we like him short to the point quick
Painless gotta go. Yeah
In fact, we've heard from several people this morning or so and like they had to go to
The other story. Yeah, okay Palm Beach County. Hello. Hi Neil. Yeah
First time the first time caller. Excellent. Welcome to WIOD and all of that crap
Thank you sir. I want to congratulate you for being there and happy birthday. Thank you. I haven't listened to WIOD since big Wilson was on to tell you the truth
Wow
Century huh? Really really I remember those days. Yeah, they're really great entertain. He did this shift. Yeah
That's right. Listen. I want to just say that number one Glenn is okay but my book kind of anybody
Everybody's knocking him down, but I don't know why yeah
They don't like them. Let him go someplace else
Okay, he's a part of the show. He's an important part of the show and the people are just still interesting
You know and if they you know these people that just can't give up on that you know for years
I've had that and I've been very successful and all of that stuff and they just keep
They want to be the program director. They can't reframe themselves. Okay. That's true. That's true
No, I think he's a very important part of the show. He's an important part of his show. I think you have to have two people there
Really bad
Anyway, I want to say that morning radio is terrible now. I don't know where to go until 10 o'clock
I don't know if it's exciting. I can listen to you all day
I mean it's it's blank and ponder trying to get some ponderous. Yeah, there are a lot of things that are ponderous
Well, listen one thing more now. I'm way up here in Palm Beach and Riviera Beach
You know and I can hardly get the signal
Maybe we can get them to up it a little bit in Riviera Beach and really get WIOD
Yeah, I don't know if it's the building. I mean a lot. It must be I think you're gonna have to move to another building
I feel like I'm listening to new Armstrong from the moon. Yeah, could you get how did you get the Zada up there?
Pretty pretty good
You know, it came in a lot better but really not coming in anymore in my radio
But then it's the building because we got a big huge signal now. Oh, yeah, this station got a monster signal, okay?
Yeah, I know I know I know I struggle with fluorescent lights and all that
We're loaded with them here. Anyway, I just want to say congratulations. Well wait a minute if you got or if you got like a electric radio plug in
Yeah, I do well, so get yourself a battery radio and it'll probably come in better
I'll get all that electrical interference. I'll try it. Okay. Keep up the good work. Thanks. Thanks a lot. All right. All right
See that sounds good to probably not true because even battery operator radio is getting interference
But that sounds good doesn't it? I've never heard that before. Yeah, I just made it up. Yeah, I know
Okay, now wait a minute. Seven is Miami on the Bokeh line
Is that correct boy somebody really desperate? Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? I've been great. Thanks
Well, I don't want to go into where I crawled on the Bokeh line. You mean you're calling long distance just to speak to us
It's on the company farm. Oh, thank god. Thank god for somebody else's paying for it. Yeah
I've got late. I just found out deep throat call that he had the Uncle Bond's album. Yeah, I was gonna drop off for a couple
I sent you the original tape back when well. I sure
We got a lot of mileage out of it. I came in and yanked out. I know I did good good stuff for anyway
I have a lot of other
What I think are interesting sounding music
Some that I know you can't play in the air. I thought I dropped moss. Okay. Would that be all right? Some that we can't play. I know you can't play
Oh, you familiar with Patrick's guys songs that made America famous no
Great. Well, I can send over the whole album, but you run a cassettes or a real to real. Oh cassettes is a lot better
Real to real is like pass a
Is that right? Yeah, I mean not that we don't have some machines here, but it's pass a I sent you a long time ago
I after you after you started playing Uncle Bond's I learned I started sending a couple more tapes
But I guess I got lost in the shuffle. Yeah. Yeah. We had a lot of stuff that got lost in the shuffle
All right, well good hearing you again. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay, bye. Bye. Bye. Why isn't this amazing?
The original Uncle Bond's like we're just picking up where we left off a year and a half ago on a.m. Kind of almost
Yeah, like we're coming was it a year and a half or was it two years?
It's been oh, it's two years a year since we started on a and you talk about it a year
We were on fm for a year and two weeks
That's that what you've done like a science. Well, I have incredible long-term memory now what happened yesterday
I have no idea, but you know, I remember we were on fm for a year until we'll start saying the year again
Let's just go to screw in the audience up. Okay. It's 134 can take a little
News update here with April worth of an animal come back on 610 W I O D
He went away and used me around
And bothered me if he not
I wouldn't go out with you. He's just things that just worked very nice
Oh
My boyfriend back and you're gonna be in trouble
You see it better had out of example
You've been spreading yourself that I was untrue
Too
Please
me
You're gonna be there you were ever born
You're making seconds
I wasn't seeing
You're gonna take a beating
Oh yeah, but you'll cut you down the spot
I hate you. I hate you and all you didn't think of a lot
Oh
My god
You've been saved my information
I'm actually doing my chest today on your permanent vacation
I can see you coming
You're gonna get your teeth and start running
You're a big boy now, but it has you down the side
It's like me, he has your gun, but all your hateful eyes
My boyfriend back to the vista has a lot of trouble
My boy, you're back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My boy, you're back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My boy, you're back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
But I hate you
I hate you, but I hate you
You're gonna be come back
I hate you
I hate you
You're gonna be come back
But I hate you
Like you and me
Well the island queen would never have forgiven us
So we'd let the entire first day go by when I plan that
It's 141 on 610 WIOD that he arrides your show
What is that?
Is that something you impotence?
Yeah, from Richard Pactor about Uncle Bond
Richard Pactor
He got our...
He's like he faxed because
It's a dear Neil despite the fact that I had nothing to do with your original acquisition of the Uncle Bond's I albums
Which we now know because we just heard from the guy right
I'm trying to get you some now so if your boat doctor can't find him hopefully I'll be able to help out
Pretty impressive
Did you read your R&R this week if no this was in Street Talk? Yeah, Rose Zafolder showed this to me
Should I read it?
Sure
I haven't seen it
After a year of AM drive at Guy Gannett Classic Rocker WZTA Miami
Controversial personality Neil Rogers has crossed the street for mid days at NewsTonguedWIODAM
Zeta General Manager Tim...
You're right
Can you believe that he called for you?
And he thinks we're not gonna mention his name on the air?
Tim Williams?
Because he's got young children?
What the hell does that have to do with anything?
And he's not a cubic figure while he's a General Manager of two major market radio stations as shocking as that may be
And he thinks we're not gonna mention his name on the air?
But anyway it's in print here so I guess Zeta General Manager Tim was cited the philosophical differences
But Rogers was a tad more direct calling Zeta Management subhuman douchebag
All right
So how does he really feel?
That's the end, okay?
Okay, and that great is that...
Of course
It says go easy on Bill Wise
Why would we have to go easy on Bill Bill is the greatest guy in the world
Anything we want to play is said, and what's wrong with that?
That's a tame, okay?
Now who said...
I'd hate to think of what he wants us to play, okay?
Now who said we have to go?
Who said that?
Who said Bill Wise?
Who said that?
Your pal Rich Panky
Oh, that's called the ultimate groupie
Oh, geez
Britt...
No, we're not gonna do it
I refuse to go easy on Bill Wise
You want to rip him now?
I'm not gonna rip him, but...
Go ahead
I want to rip him
Spike
I want to call him Spike
Spike Wise
Yeah, sounds like a baseball player, doesn't it?
Spike Wise for Atlanta?
For the Red Sun
Okay, for the Red Sun
Spike Wise sounds good
Okay, 143, Steve is in a building and he's gonna have his usual Budbath here
From 2 to 6 this afternoon
All right
And he promises us that...
Look at that, now who are these guys?
So these are one of the Yokel TV states looks like Channel 4 to me
Channel 4?
Am I right?
Hey listen, I know Channel 4 when I see him
Say hello to Anna asqueed for us
Okay
Come on, I got a lot of friends over there at Channel 4, okay?
John Hill Rich
Channel that we were the weatherman and Michael Puthney and all my good friends over there
How do I leave out?
Tony?
How can I leave Tony?
Tony?
I got a lot of buddies over there at Channel 4
At least I hope still
Anyway, I was starting to say about Steve
He promises that Rick will not be on to at least the last hour today
Is that true?
What's that?
Oh, he's going to be on tomorrow?
Oh great
For all four hours tomorrow
And the Steve and the Rick are going to tell us about their male bonding tomorrow
Right here out here, it's going to be really exciting
Okay, 60-0-2
And let's take a call
This is our first call from Plantation
ought to be a hate call
Hello
Yeah, Neil, Plantation Larry, how are you?
Hey, pretty good, how you doing, Larry?
Very good, I want to wish you a lot of luck at WIOD
Thank you
And it's funny, I started picking you up on FM
This is the first time I've heard John A FM
Are you serious?
That's it, I feel like a real Floridian now
That's good
You're a little worried about this, you're not feeling a little boring today, Larry
So you've been in Florida long enough, how long you've been here?
We're doing my third year in January
Three years, man, after another couple of years you learned a really good way
You're still on the honeymoon
Don't believe all that crap Steve says about how he loves Miami and what a great town is
Is it's a bush-league douchebag town
It's like 50 years behind the times
And once you get used to it, you'll fit right in, okay?
Okay, and the one on the real and the other thought
It sounds like you're working on it, Larry
Okay, did you see the landing moving?
No
You didn't see it
Good move, you don't want to see it?
Not into John Lennon, you know, he's a pretty ugly guy
Well, I wish you a lot of luck, you two blend
And I see, okay
I'll be listening to you, Joe
Thanks a lot, bye-bye
Although that Brian Epstein, he must have needed contact or something, huh?
Because he was evidently obsessed with, I don't think it was with John Lennon
And I think it was with the Lennon sisters, is that what it was?
I don't know, I don't know
I think they got the story screwed up, come on, please
Okay, Miami, hello
Steve, how you doing?
Pretty good
Pretty good
What's up, dude?
First time A.M. Colour
Alright, now listen, one of the things we have to do, we did a couple of years ago, we got to get all those FM douchebags
Back over to A.M. I said all that stuff about A.M. being dead and it was hovering, you know, it was an intensive care
But now we've given it a little transfusion, so now A.M. is back to the place to be
Yeah, I think it was the first time I ever put my radio to A.M.
Fantastic
How old are you, sir?
I'm 18
18, perfect demographic, you've got 9Q of over 2, you sound like an articular guy
Are you a good looking, sir?
Oh, yeah, very
Okay, good, that's just what we want on this show
Well listen, I'm only here at work with my buddy John
Great, how old is John?
22
22, now he's a new A.M. Lister also?
Yeah
Look at that, too, right there on the first day
We just see all the time on FM and they're fantastic
Yeah, you're giving up that station for a suckers, right, sir?
Yeah
Okay
Anyway, we're here with John at work and we got a back on it, you're going to play guns and roses on A.M.
Tomorrow
I don't have it here, I would play it right now
Or if I had time, we'd run next to it at a GTR but they're busy busting the walls loose over here
I make 20 bucks in this nail
Tomorrow, okay?
Trust me, I won't let you down
Alright, alright, thanks a lot, sir
Thank you, bye-bye
Was that incredible or what?
Now, TVs here, you know, this must be a slow news day, is that it?
Because they found those two bodies on the Julia Tettle Causeway and I think there's a tie-in between them coming over here
They had to come to this neighborhood anyway, is that what you mean?
Okay, so anyway, Channel 4 is here, so those of you who sticks out there that watch the local news, those of you who can't afford a satellite dish
Please, please go right ahead and take all of the food you want because believe me, we want to get it out of here before you know who comes in, get Sostle and hysterical
Okay, 147 and let's go to Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello, how you doing?
Pretty good
How many times are you going to say douchebag for Channel 4?
Douchebag douchebag, okay?
Subhuman mung brain douchebag, that's three times they got it on tape, they're rolling
Now you won't be on the two
I'm thinking of GTR, have you run in a home in the Queen yet?
No, but I guess the bread song is more than nothing
You know, I did not know until this morning that Herman's in one room and McBean's in another room
Oh yeah, and they know one much of who they get too close together
Maybe that's why they sound so good, huh?
Yeah, I didn't know this and I said, where's Skip?
You know, and he says, well, he's in his room, I hope he doesn't come over here, you know?
I mean, it was like, I never had any idea
Everybody's very friendly here, but it's only as long as they keep them in separate rooms
Like our news people are like in a totally separate part of the building, we can't see them
Or feel them, so...
Or feel them, that's correct
You saw them, believe me, sir, you wouldn't want to either, okay?
How your girlfriend, Patty Murray
Patty's doing, she's a little emotional in the state, but she'll be alright, she understands now
I think, I hope
I talked, yeah, we met a little chat with Pat, a little chat with her last week
Well, have her in here one day for a few minutes
The real question everybody really wants to know is
After I'm really ripping W-I-O-D when they talk
Exactly, call her and everything
That's right, now I'll send you over there, I guess it's the big box, huh?
Not, well that's part of it, believe me, everybody's got a price, but no, they change the management
The assassin that long gone on the Anthony
I see
And he was the one who really does screwing in the case of Calder and Sandy and what was his name, Majuri Sullivan
For a whole lot of people, I really got a bad deal here, and the current management will agree with that
They're not gonna lie about it, they have no disagreement
I see, so who do we thank now, Bill Wise, is he the...
Bill Wise and Mike Disney and Brother Walt and all of these people are great
Well good, so far
Well, I listened to Herman and McQueen in the morning, so...
I turned over from them to here, so it works out good
Excellent, you're a great American, sir, and have a wonderful day
Okay, thank you, Bob
Well, we had more tinkling today than in a long time, haven't we?
It has been incredible
Like Steve said, it's the honeymoon, right?
Oh, sure
And a couple more days, they'll all be calling up
You're disgusting, we want hell and fat
We're so upset and we're so hurty
Oh God, I'm telling you, listen, Nick, we get any of those geriatric voices on here, you know what I'm saying?
Like, deep six of them, tell them to basically drop dead and get rid of Mariah
Unless it's the struggling lady
If it's the struggling lady, you'll get to recognize her, the one that says, you're struggling, you're struggling
She's fine, I would like her
On certain days
Okay, let's take our last break here and make way, Kane is going to be along a two with another one of those
Contrag controversies
And he's already got the guest warming up in the other studio with gloves on
It's 149, it's 610, WIOD
Bruce Hoffman is 610, WIOD
Okay, 153, WIOD, did I screw up there?
It's every time I do that every time, okay, I'll do that every time, that's fine
We're just a little inside stuff
I find it fascinating, we're commenting on this during the break, the Channel 4
Which is not really that far, but they're like downtown, you know
And they came out here with a camera crew and everything
And Channel 7, which is right there
And I'm sure they're listening as I speak right now, okay?
Our good friends over there at your hometown station
Channel 7 hasn't come by, so evidently this isn't a big enough news story
And Nick is writing a note on here, it says TV7 never comes here
Really?
Do you think I thought they had something to do with me parking in that spot
This thing that said Edmund Anson on it?
Yeah, that could be it, I thought that was the one they told away
It's Sally and the trunk
Yeah, the man who still gives me fits, you do know that don't you?
I know
Okay, anyway, six minutes till two, we're almost at the end of the line
And let's get, few calls in here before we run out of time
Because these people we've made them wait a long time today, I don't know why for sure
But they better get used to it
And all you can heads out there, now listen, all you old AM listeners
You've got to spread the word, okay?
Because it's going to take a little time, we're going to get back to those days
When we had some fun on the air and we've had a good time today
I mean, this hasn't been, I mean people have tuned into
Well, what's this all about? You know, what does he do?
Well, if you listen today, you wouldn't find out
Because this is our first day back after we're long, a three day layoff
And it's just the way it is, okay?
South Miami, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Are you on there?
Yeah, I think so, sounds like us
Okay, I just wanted to welcome you to the I.O.G.
Thank you
And I listen to you for years, and you've been great
Keep up the good work here at the American
Thank you, sir, I'm very American
Well, you are, too, sir, thanks for the tinkalok
I just want to ask you one question, yep
Are you going to vote on an Amendment 10?
Oh, no, vote no on Amendment 10
First of all, the campus is too low
And he's a faker, these doctors, man, want it their way, vote no, please
Okay, because we're all confused here and we just didn't know how to go on and vote
Across me, what I tell you, no on 10, okay?
I know what club Peppa says
Yeah, no on 10
Oh, what fun?
I'm holding a gimp on them and put it
What fun?
It tries to me and say it's a bad deal and even many of the doctors privately they would never admit it pubically
But privately they admit that that campus ridiculous and it's way too low and forget it, okay?
And not that I'm in love with the lawyers either, but in this particular case the doctors are just out of their minds
Waterdale by the sea, hello
And congratulations, it's family, I think if anybody is looking for you, I suggest they don't call WIAC or WZ
What are they saying?
Well, what they are saying is, and receptionist who sounds like a very nice person indicated to me that she doesn't know where you went
Yeah, I think it was kind of fun
I wanted to see if they were going to play the game straight and say obviously he's no longer here and yet he is over at WRN
I think that he didn't do it
Isn't that something? Talk about paranoia, that's fine
Well, it's paranoia but I don't think it's too classy
No, it's not classy and not only that, but I came to an AM station, I was on their FM
I came to an AM station that really isn't competing, I mean people who listen WIOD are not going to be classic rock listeners
And I'm in a different time period, I'm not in a morning drive, I'm on a midday which so in no way shape or form are we competing with their FM
I understand, and they still don't have the, they still don't have the honor to tell people exactly where I am
They're ticked?
Yeah, well, what do you mean they're ticked? That's tough
If they would, if they would have treated us like human beings we might still be there, okay?
Well, I can understand that, but we're glad we're with IOD and the WZ
I'm sure you wish you all the luck and incidentally
You finally talked to me and you did it without hanging up on it
Okay, I have to speak in the back door, but of course you know who this is, but I hear a hit of sight thoughts
Thanks a lot, I don't know if anyone who that was, that wasn't a chronic one
I don't know who it was, and he sounded okay, he sure did
Maybe he had, you know, was putting on a good act for us on his best behavior or something like that
Oh wait a minute, Nick knows who it was, it says that was Bob in...
Ah!
Was it really?
Ah! That wasn't the Bob I know
Now see, that's something we got a cure over here that we're alive with
He has attacked all the stations, but this one he's attacked more than all the other ones
And we have got to do something about that
Bob from Hoppano, but he was on his best behavior, just don't ever call us again, okay Bob?
Lighthouse point, hello
Yeah, I want to speak to the bird, I ain't call us speaking to O.K. I want to speak to the bird
Okay, so go ahead, how do you talk to the bird?
I'm just saying you might catch some birds
Oh sir, it's a bird, a bird, a bird, a bird, a bird, a bird
Now I'm supposed to consider the source, right?
Yeah, that's one of your buddies from Davy
Yeah, right
So anyway, I think that's a good call to close
I was going to do it, don't you?
Yeah, perfect, we only got about a minute or two left here
And I want to say this has been, the audience has been really magn... like the last caller, they've been very nice to us
Absolutely
And no, we just didn't have too much of that, although I'm sure we'll have more days to come
And we'll realize, but every one of those is worth a couple of points
But you know, tomorrow's election day, we don't want to sway you, we don't want to have any influence
We hope that those of you who are for New Caucus will go out in both seven or eight times
Although it isn't, you know, it's going to be, do I dare say it?
It's going to be a bush landslide, I hate to say that
And especially in the electoral college, it's going to be a landslide
You shouldn't take that for granted though, and those of you who are going to have the courage to vote for New Caucus and Florida
Which I think that's about three of us
Don't need to tear it, okay? By all these redneck Yahoo's
I mean, there's nothing we can do about that, this is a Neanderthal redneck state
All we can do is get out there and vote, and of course there are a lot of other important things to vote for too
That great race between Buddy McKin and Connie Mack, which is like choosing between death by hanging or the electric chair
And I guess, you know, you just got to go with McKin because he's the less malignant of the two
Barely
But boy, talk about articulate, I mean, if that's the best that this state can produce for the United States Senate
What does that tell you?
Right
And no one on Amendment 10, and basically you all know the rest
Okay
So in the meantime, we thank you very much in the, you've been marvelous and we thank the management here for making it so easy
And for letting you sneak a little bit of food in and nobody got hostile or hysterical
I do see them lined up at the door now though, I have a feeling that we're going to hear a little bit about that
But we're used to that, okay?
We would feel like culture shock if we didn't get a little
At the end of the show
Okay, stay tuned for Steve, he's next with another one of his great contrived debates
Blacks for New Caucus, Blacks for Bush, and Blacks who just don't give a damn about either one of them
Have a great day and we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 after Mike Reneerie right here on 610 WIOD
