Yes, yes, yes, I'm wondering if you're talking about
the biggest about orange and boats that you talked about earlier about what
biggest cars and boats. Now we're talking about bridges over the
causeway not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any my friend. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Come down.
So take a deep breath.
Danny,
was it regulated by the United States Corps of Engineers?
That didn't you?
No.
Well, it is. All bridges over Navigable Waterways.
See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking.
But I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay. Well, I'm saying sure is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over
Navigable Waterways.
Over one?
Navigable Waterways.
Yes, sir. Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridge should not be
open to the marine traffic.
Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at rush hour times, sir,
that they are not open to marine traffic. Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crappers there?
That is not a communist bunch of craps.
Sounds like some kind of the end-of-the-all fascist commie Pico, uh,
who got a chance to build a high-speed B.O. to one boat.
Right. Exactly.
But a boat is going to stop for five thousand cars.
Is that it?
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you should go.
That's right.
I suppose you want the man-briggs closed to both sides of get a hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period, okay?
I want them closed.
I want the bridge tenter to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
In other words, I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
You know, I'm not a man-of-the-all.
I'm not a man-of-the-all.
I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk.
Stupid stupid stupid idiotic jerk.
Stupid idiotic jerk.
My Amy, hello.
Oh, you caught me changing ears.
Well, excuse me.
Sorry, one of my earphones...
It's like catching a Lynette or changing noses.
Well, I'm one of those closet-nailies.
I'd say I drag you out of the closet.
Come out, come out wherever you are.
When clients come into my office, I lower the radio.
I don't want them to hear.
when I'm here listening to when your clients come in you lower it the radio
that is
listen um... people were talking about the the morning show there at the radio
station but i think it's like more the best ones because here
fm in the morning it's like
that
i used to listen to fm in the morning no more
it is so that it is unreal
i don't know what's going on
like that i don't hear any more now since would you play enough for nothing
uh... you know something everybody that calls here today
i never i never never
this is right now
and it's your first call right now that
that's not
now it's my fourth call
never never asked you for anything
doesn't have to be right now
it can be a your convenience i'm
continuing to listen
well i'm looking for it
how
i'm looking for
you know don't strain yourself
i don't want to strain yourself
well if i if i found in my might
strain yourself
yeah if i found else it's way at the bottom
don't follow up now
your old time
i got it
you know how it is when you break bones when you're old
i should do when you're old and crinkler
i'll be honest with it they're getting kind of cd anyway the nelson's you know
right i think it little cd
i don't think so
i don't know i don't hear you know i got their cd right here
i have it at home
i have the cd bit on how the cd player so i go to
yeah
uh...
thank you
boy that do it for you
well
solid yet emotional experience
yeah
very uplifting
well have a good week it
okay well listen crank it up and just the blurring on all their faces come out
stand up for uh... uncle neowilia
i'll try my
right now
audience uh... drove off the uh... george washington bridge in a gigantic
bus in april and they all died
i'm listening to you get a
stilical sometimes but i sometimes i want to pick up the phone tell you
listen i'm listening but i can't my boss is there here
and they call you scumbag radio
they call me what your bosses call me what
oh man
come to look at the they tell them they want to see real scumbag look in the mirror
the lawyers to
well i think that the speaker itself you bet have a great day
you too
see
one in seven americans suffers from a terrible affliction
and while others find it funny
to those who have it
it's no laughing matter
it's called
frequent burping syndrome it's terrible
all i'll be on a date or a business meeting
and
and
excuse me see see what happens
frequent burping syndrome it can ruin your life
but it doesn't have to now there's a clinic that can help
trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers
a special place known as
burp inders
gosh burp vendors saved my life
joy and i were in love i really wanted to ask her to marry me but
i just knew that when the moment of truth came i'd let out with a big ripper
you know
burp inders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches
no more stopping in mid-sittance to uncoork a big cheesy blaster
just caring professionals and to help you need
don't wait here's the number to call
five five five two eight seven seven
that's five five five burp
burp inders call today and stop being so gross
i have no life
well all the requests all the time on i-61
that's enough okay did i say 21 told uh... one twice here's a lady in
hollywood hi me oh hi happy memorial day weekend
and the same to you i'm a first-time caller well that's great are you sneaking
out of the closet today well my husband has an unbelievable sticker on his car
yeah and uh... we're up in broca at the town center eating and this guy walks
by and he says what are you doing with that sticker on your car such a jerk and
started calling all these names let me ask you a question yeah how did he know
was your car that had the sticker on it we're walking to it you know i see
he was just hanging out in the parking lot he was like
i don't know he was like you know one of these people it goes to public you
know pushes the car was he about a hundred and ten yeah but he was angry
you know there are a lot of here everybody who comes here really it's like a
bad town you know everybody comes here is either like a serial killer or angry
running from something they were just eating a lot of brand flicks yeah well that's true
but it was really cool because you know i had just started listening to you and and i was like
you know standing there like why are you talking about neal you know it was kind of cute but
what the hell is it his business in a first place that's the point that's what i would
have told a mind your own stupid business you old fart you disgusting geriatric ball of crap
i know that they walked the parking lot they have nothing to do i want to ask you a question on
about if you hear on the news today about they're talking about the grave disease that they
diagnosed president bush with no well they diagnosed them with grave disease which is the same
thing as wife had right okay well they're talking about now that it might be coming from the
white house plumbing are you serious i don't know they said that if the plumbing is really old it
could be causing like immunological problems and of course Dan quail has kids under 16 and not
to it hits first and he i don't know if it really could cause that but they said the plumbing is
really old and it could cause they're looking into that isn't that weird and his strange i know
George Washington had a lot of problems with his plumbing a lot of people got here problems with
their problems yeah and teeth problems too oh yeah yeah that kind of wouldn't look all the time
uh so what are you going to do this weekend here i'm working monday so i'm not going anywhere this
weekend i'm going to pop it apart tomorrow night for the quarter horses and uh that's about it
you know when they when they make you work on monday they screw up your whole weekend
now that i want to make it sound like sour grapes even though it is well i have a great show nil and
i what i really like is that you don't take yourself seriously the guy who called up about the boat
where he was ready to have a heart attack yeah well that's the bridge he's one of those old
farts from bokeh with a boat yeah he said 50,000 cars should stop for the one boat right
right what he's trying to say is they should stop for him because he's a disgusting grotesque old fart
and he doesn't give a crap about anybody well nil i think you're great and i i do got to have
something positive and self-blown i just i think it's you thank you hang in there have a wonderful life
you too bye wasn't she nice man she was great although there are those in the audience they don't
like to hear that kind of call enough of the fucking okay all right i'm sorry they should all be angry
and hostile you're right let's uh take a call from north Miami hello good day good day nice talking to you
well uh got a little spiral i don't know if you're aware of it but i saw Alan the dean
berk on the morten down downy junior show recently what do you mean on the morten downy junior show
he's not then have a show you mean the one on cnbc that's getting canceled was he on that show
well i thought that was interesting yeah what's going on sounds like we're going to lose you
any second sir i've been laughing a lot with your show today sounds like you're in the hopper then
you pulled it out then i pulled it out right well i would i'd laugh at that too believe me what about
stand by me by Benny King what about it play it you know you sound pathetic enough i just might
is it was that like the strategy i don't know well it works okay i might just do it he sounds so
man oh man depressed and desperate i think he woke up this morning looked around and discovered
where he was that would do it for me 1243 at wio d if we just played all the requests we got that
would kill the next hour and accorded to by the way don't forget we lucked out hurricanes kick
Portland's ass last night 13 to one in a regional it wasn't last night it was yesterday afternoon but
it's embarrassing to admit that because we didn't carry it and so they aren't going to play in the
losers bracket which would be another afternoon game we wouldn't carry so we got real lucky they won
and that means we will carry it because it starts at 6 30 we'll have the pregame at 6 20 speaking of
comatose joseph gaki will be there with sunny here's a wonder of sunny every now and then
reaches over like kicks Joe you know like in a horse and hardest racing where every now and then
the driver like reaches out and kicks the horse to try to make him wake him up when he's making a big move
by the way Kevin Wallace want to race at Hazel Park Wednesday night it's a miracle let's go to
a lady in Palm Beach hello hello Neil yes ma'am hi Neil how you doing good how are you all the
ladies are just flinging that closet door open today and coming forward and standing up to be counted
this is true I'm I just started listening to you about a week ago a week ago yeah are you serious
where the hell have you been all our lives well I've been listening to FM oh god FM is so bad here
yeah I know but you know mostly cassette that listen to actually I don't care stand the radio stations
but well how's it been so far oh it's been great actually it's going to actually play
the burp and there's a lot of sitting on hold I heard it well I have a psychic thing you know oh god
you kill me you are killing me but anyway I wanted to make comment about the guy with the boats and stuff
yeah I think they should just make the bridges bigger that's what that's what my dentist said
I think that's all the problems yeah how come well you're you're up in Palm Beach right yeah well
how come we have some bridges like down here we have the McCart one on McCartus got a bridge on it
like the jute total cause way and they don't have any bridge on there because they build it high
enough so that even the tallest of boats even the queen Mary can flip under there I was exactly
well like the lake worth bridge going off to Lake worth beach yeah the thing so high it never goes
up exactly and then the one going into Palm Beach it's so short it goes it goes up for a little
robot yeah you know it drives me nuts but anyway well you know we have so many pathetic geriatric old
fart so many impotent old farts here they wanted to build something in this town that would go
up once in a while this is true true I just want to call until you have great I think you are well thank
you man you're just getting compliments all day to know for the fricking okay okay we'll cut it up
have a great holiday okay to can I call a couple people douchebag sure okay I want to call
Bob Hartley a douchebag and Kathy Creole a douchebag you know Ferguson a douchebag and especially
Dave Hartman a douchebag okay have a good one you too my name see you boy the closet door is just
working its way open and they're all pouring out when a doubt pour it out here's a lady in Miami
hi Neil hi first time caller great I believe it's been great years first time caller well you're
a little slow like most people here I just thought I'd give you a little chuckle you know that journalist
mr. Harald oh oh yeah they great journalists you know he has today I can hardly wait did you say
book and sex oh jeez oh no I just thought at tv and I thought I'd give you a chuckle oh god I hate
to think what they're going to be doing with those canes today okay you too Harald I wanted you
just admitted okay you're just you just jealous of Al Goldstein that's what it's all about
we have an open line in date county 75194637 by his Laura gone for the day or something is she gone
because I want to do something with that card I did that spot much to my she grin and dismayed that
I didn't want to do to make Jeff Clark campus since he's such a miserable creep and I guess we could
put it in there I'll give it to him during the news break see what we're gonna do with it I don't
like putting stuff in there because I don't want to mess up their beautiful cards howland beach
hey Neil how you doing okay we think out of belly was pointing at when he got thrown out of a game
the other night he had a giant booger on his nose and he kept saying to the umpire here jump on
this pal he got him laughing right before he got thrown out which umpire is that that's a Ripley
Steve Ripley he did look like he was taking it and I think he kept telling him believe it or not
you see had that look of disbelief on his face too like what are you saying did you see that was
really interesting see the look on the place yeah I like delta belly he's okay in my book yeah
I thought he could have done a good job but he's no Jim S.U. and man this guy he's a mr. Ra Ra he's
up and down pacing that dug out clapping his hands waving his cap he's okay he's 40 years young
yeah he looks about 60 by the way 60 Neil live around bokeh or a tone and I don't think I've
ever spoke to anybody who's ever got a book from arbitrage yeah well this last trend where I'm
going to personally conduct an investigation I'm hiring Don Corleone Jr. and Luca Bratzi and we're
going to find out what the hell is going on over I think Luca passes a mountain I think where they put
they where they get in fact I'd like to talk to somebody who's ever had one and find out where
they mailed them to because they don't mail them to Beltsville they mail them to somewhere here
I've never seen one and then somebody here in some computer place gets their hands on them and they
feed the they feed it into a computer here and then it goes up to Beltsville and they do the final
whatever they do with it up there they sit on it and stop it around but the only got one more
question now because I remember when the birch report when I was on i and z at night yeah and we
discovered that the birch report which does their things by phone and also on WS news I had these
gigantic numbers in arbitrage and a birch was always like very low and we discovered that there
were a bunch of Cuban high school girls who used to do the research and make the phone calls
yeah and like if somebody because naturally my name for many years has been like poison in
certain segments of the Cuban community uh they would mention my name they wouldn't put it down
or they'd put some other station yeah so these tend to be some very bizarre in other words when
your whole livelihood is in the hands of a few very peculiar people you have to start wondering you know
funny name arbitrage yeah something sinister in it I got a friend of mine who's uh going through
withdrawal is major warning and uh you're getting a lot of women calling you today I think that's
wonderful maybe they could give them some hands you haven't hints on what I don't know he's just
see I mean I'm afraid to jog in front of him Neil I don't know what to do with this guy
what is this problem doesn't he have a life how old is he a guy he's a good looking guy he needs
to have some encouragement and Elaine says Elaine says send him over right now okay she'll take
care of him oh she needs to yeah and clothing davison you know what you are okay see yeah Elaine says
he can come and uh just sit on my nose just the nose is I don't know he's gone hey listen in your case
if he's breathing that's young enough for you and listen pay no attention to what fat reach says I
think your nose looks fine okay in spite of what this fat slob said he's a good one to talk okay
with the schnauz the size of the Brooklyn bridge he's a good one to be talking no but the fucking it's
the one to two hours the music of the 60s
heartless age rose Mary and haunting melodies timeless lyrics the music a generation march to
but now it's music you can break dance too oh who going to scabble repair uh huh
oh yeah see we'll marry time check it out yeah as crap go records as have the song to the 60s to
the feet of the street imagine the music of Judy Collins and the rapping of Curtis slow well I've
looked at life from both sides now from up and down and still somehow it's life's illusions check it
out that I recall I really don't know life at all check it out check it out yeah it's all the
day of a morning credible well record set trapping on the sixties from crack up hear the fat boys do
Dylan hey mr tambourine man play your jam for me in the jinggoo jangle morning I'll be following you
check it out now that's trapping on the sixties exclusively from crack up records where we always
say if you buy this you buy anything check it out 107 at wild you know what we haven't done today oh
boy I'll get to in a second we didn't hear any Larry Lou Jack today or that wl as jingle how now
can we have a day without that right Ron okay yeah if we're by your buddy house and you were
first night after last night's met game okay perfect okay let's dedicate that to he'll be
Brooks and all the meds fans now how come I punched up cut number 15 on here and it says it's an
error I don't get it how the hell is that possible that I put the wrong cd in the machine is it the
wrong cd and a thing here let's see I don't get it we have a real don't tell me we got another cd
problem here everything's been going so damn well it says error what's going on with this thing here
do you hear anything that's the wrong one that's the wrong disc get the wrong thing
okay that explains it okay it's one oh wait let's go to mirror mar hello how you doing my brother
works for arbitrar on a Bethesda oh yeah well get his ass straightened out sir I don't know he's been
there like six years and I asked him about a year ago have you ever heard of the oragers you said
to listen to you for about three years yeah he said no and I couldn't believe it because he calls
he calls my amy like twice a week yeah and anyway I just want to call Frank Robinson a douchebag
and the real fuck well you're right about both sir thank you very much okay isn't that interesting
well there must be something on here I can queue up damn it I got to do this once or I just can't
get through the whole day sometimes uh boy there's nothing on this cd that anybody ever want to hear
again this is a bubble gum cd green tambourine Simon says and then of course uh Cheryl's favorite
yeah
me me me I got love in my tummy okay 109 and wio d let's go to west palm beach hello
long good afternoon Neil yes sir yes uh while I was gonna start out by talking about a couple of
jack Nicholson movies but first for the next 54 seconds we at io d will bring you an important
message about your toilet first approach the ball if you wish to flush
oh okay moving along sir let's get with it down you will notice that there's a
one ten and wio d we have an open line in Palm Beach we just don't have time for amateur comedy
they okay call up Eric Lambert see if it flies by him whatever happened to them by the way talk
about flashing a pan two live Jews boy oh boy somebody took their uh monster balls away I guess or just
anyway a six five five nine four six three boy look at that Adam's got a big smile out there
it must mean that Cheryl went home for the long holiday weekend and isn't harassing him in the
hallway anymore boy what a sigh of relief really she's been just following him up and down the
hall she is so hot for that kid you would I've never seen anything like it the transformation in her
and uh man people are talking about all over the building seriously she was fondling him in the
production room there for a while got a couple of interesting country and western song titles in
the mail here oh yeah don't cut any wood baby because i'll be coming home with a load
that's the day
now i feel better now the show can continue one fifteen at wio d
you thought you're in me okay he'll be brook special air for you west Palm Beach
mail yes sir can we get a little older on these songs oh i'm sorry you're right how about 1842
your ancient buddy i know your history okay nice hearing from you mr. drug addict you know
that was don't you you're good pal mr. ropedope without the rope one open line and
brownered five two four wio d Palm Beach on a starline mail yeah how you doing i'm doing it
this is um what a coin there's a lot of quits today the reason why i've been home in was let's
talk to you about Larry Lou Jack really and wio and i'm sitting at home listening to these great
jingles and oh i called you a couple weeks ago was that one bit that you played night guess what
it was it was it's Larry Lou Jack and all that night music wio that brings back unbelievable memories
i my brother still lives in jicago and i told him to go through a bunch of old albums and i came
up with one of his animal story albums and he sent it down to me well where the hell is it everybody
everybody keeps promised me i got i got the guy who was sending me the bomb print stuff i still
haven't seen it the another guy with Larry Lou Jack animal or story thing which i haven't seen
that's that's i got i got the volume three and it was uh i think in like 81
hello Tommy here's a couple like country and western song titles that some people made up
you can put me in jail and throw away the key but you can't keep my face from breaking out
she smoked during instead of afterwards
wow that exciting isn't that do it for you it doesn't say a ripple of excitement throughout
your disgusting roast body yeah i think you guys can you happen any kind of remote anywhere
in the near future or anything yes sir we're doing another miracle i'm so glad you asked on
friday june 14th it's veterans day and w-i-o-d in a miracle salutes all the veterans it's
gonna be big big night i'll bring it there that night 50 cents admission for all the pions and
free admission for all the veterans and their families and we're looking to pack that place find
out if we still have an audience it's friday june 14th at the miracle and we hope it's just
tremendous or we're all getting out of the business that's great now i'll see you there then i'll
bring you with me okay all right now thanks mark the date on your calendars now i'm so glad he
reminded me because you know what a torpden in berg is he would never we'd go on for days and days
and then like two days before he'd remind me oh yeah mention we're gonna be there right friday june
14th veterans day big night at the miracle we want to break last year's attendance record we want to
have four thousand people there doing it and we ought to be able to break last year's record because
no Gilbert this time that should bring out like another two thousand who can't handle him anymore
like me my any okay listen i couldn't believe that great sports department couldn't
muster up enough cloud to do the u.m. game yesterday that has nothing to do with the sports
departments here that has to do with our upper level management that had too many spots on that
we didn't want to lose the revenue on we can't afford to put it on the sports department you
can be sure is always ready at a moment's notice to preempt anything on the station why not
layla sports part but he's pretty comatized because i think there's still more in the death of
we everone one eighteen and w.w.w.i.o.d. we have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three seven
five one w.w.w.i.o.d. nice hearing for med cappelin let's go to wollantana hello how you doing
dale okay right uh first point like to say uh happy memorial day weekend and the same to you for
whatever that means.
Thank you very much.
Neil, is it true you used to announce the Xbox games down here?
The West Palm Expose, yes sir.
Right, I'm going to go to a game tonight.
Hope to have a good time.
Wish you were there to announce.
No, not me.
Okay, well hey, on another thing, the Cubs last night.
When you could pull a squeeze off twice,
you'd want any. You're doing it.
When you can squeeze it twice to one inning, you're really doing it.
That's what Mark Grace is.
Really? I was, I didn't think that there a new manager would pull that up.
Well, he's pulling it off anything off he can get, sir.
He's pulling out all the stops. It's now or never.
As long as it produces victory,
I'm not standing and I'm taking a weapon. We suck.
Well, I think here also is in the same coma that Don Zimmer was in.
I mean, he just isn't making any moves.
I thought they'd for sure pinch run for a sorone there.
And not only did he not pinch run for him,
but then he tried to run him on a hit and run.
And he got thrown out by like 75 yards.
It was just amazing.
No, he had to slide in the first and won.
I don't know if it was a fifth inning or something to get on base.
Yeah, that was great. That belly flop slide into first.
That was outstanding.
It was even better when Hojo was picked off base.
And then he made it back to first and two pitches later.
They tried running him. He got thrown out by 5,000 paces.
Great.
Hey, listen, Neil, I'm closing.
I'd like to call a couple of friends on my dish bag.
I'm sure you would.
Okay, Don Nelson and Robert Connor, your tremendous dish bag.
Okay. Have a nice weekend.
Have a nice life. 20 episodes.
Hello.
Having noticed that people are still having the right to fencing driving courses
have absolutely no effect.
Sheriffs and constables constantly warn them.
But people are still having rags because their birds won't stop them.
Do you realize that people are still having rags they've been told not to?
Could it be that they are deaf when you see them changing lanes?
You will know that they're deranged by the rate of velocity.
Do you understand me?
Hello, love. Hello, officer.
People are still having rags.
Detectors keep on chirping.
Nothing makes them stop.
Their breaks are not working.
People are still having rags.
They've been going on for quite a while.
Perhaps it's not their vehicle.
So they know they'll go in style.
Hello.
People are still having rags.
Still having rags.
Eat your heart out, Johnny.
Johnny, I wish he could play that in the coast about four or five times this afternoon.
Right, Ron?
Is this the A1?
Anyone believe service?
Yes, I'm trying to get a hold of you all morning.
This is Don.
This is Don I'm over at WGAR and I have a friend here with me that would like to...
That has a couple of questions he'd like to ask you.
Do you know anything about ammunition or do you sell ammunition?
We sell ammunition.
I...
What he wants is a silver bullet.
A silver coated bullet.
Actually, what it is.
Yeah, thank you.
Winchester, he says, makes it.
Okay, good job, Ron.
I can't understand it, but it's great, Don I'm a...
Hollywood, hello.
Clicking line?
Is it clicking?
Oh, it is.
Okay, that's the first one all day.
Who will not want you to go away for a long holiday weekend without one good click?
Open line on a clicking line 524WID, Gulf Stream.
Nail.
What's going on?
How you doing?
Hey, what are those Larry, those Larry, Lou Jack tapes?
Yeah.
I don't know, they're pretty weak, man.
I think.
Larry, Lou Jack is pretty weak.
I don't know.
Larry, Lou Jack?
Isn't that guy, it sounds like he's forcing that laughter, I don't know.
Yeah, it sounds like the bird.
Yeah, exactly.
Pretty weak.
He's great.
Anyway, Cup Game was, you see the Cup Game last night?
Yes, sir.
Not bad, I like that squeeze, that double squeeze.
He squeezed it, we sweated out, squeezed it out.
That's what we did.
I like that.
Jim Essien's doing it.
Doug descends of his God, 3 and 2, and he laid it down there, man, under pressure,
here comes Dunston and boy, he just had to get it down, or he did it.
Classic.
And Paul Austin Mocker is God.
Well, I think Lynn Russell is God.
Yeah, okay.
Anyway, I just like to say that I'm...
I don't know, Tom Denver, but he sounds like some kind of idiotic jerk.
And no further talking.
Have a great life, pal.
Now, we're up to our long distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
Hey!
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio, and here's what he writes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere,
and it'll meet a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of...
Let's come start again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
See, when you come out of those uptempo damn numbers, man,
is impossible to make those transitions.
And then you gotta go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for, but damn it.
If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it.
Is down on the phone, okay?
I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a...
...being uptempo record every time I do a damn deaf dedication.
Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week.
It's a God-last-damn-time.
I want somebody who's a fucking brain to not come out of a damn record.
That's uptempo, and I gotta talk about a fucking tour of dying.
Boy, this is imponderous, man.
Ponderous, imponderous.
Well, hello.
Hi there.
I'm your new neighbor.
I'm an entertaining guest, and I seem to have run out of coffee.
Well, come in.
With boulders, coffee, be too good for your gas.
Oh, that would be just perfect.
How could I ever repay you?
Oh, I don't think I'm something.
Well, have a nice party.
Hey, you a nice new neighbor yet?
Oh, I just popped in for coffee.
Bulgeers coffee for those budding relationships.
Thank you, Scott.
138, isn't it something to hear his voice again?
I think I'm getting a sore throat just from hearing it.
North Miami Beach.
And now what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good, but you're happy or we can write around the corner.
No, I'm not.
I got to be here on Monday.
Everybody, we just get screwed over so bad.
Are you working Monday, Johnny?
Dark?
Even Johnny, dark has to play that slush on the holidays, sir.
How do you like that?
Wow.
And he's threatening to boycott.
He's so pissed off about it.
But he needs the money to bet.
Well, we, uh, we...
I hope Fleetwood Grover is listening.
Johnny said if he's got to work Monday, he's walking out.
And we'll be right behind him.
About 400 yards.
Well, I'm kind of curious.
Did you hear anything about that new dice movie?
Did I hear you ask?
Somebody went down there and saw it at that one theater.
Said it was pretty good.
Who was?
You saw it?
No, I haven't seen it yet.
Oh, well, he said it was good.
Of course, that doesn't mean anything.
I think he was a relative, but...
Maybe he was Johnny, dark.
Yeah, I doubt it.
That's a little too racy for Johnny.
So what else is going on up there?
That's about it.
Everybody's bailing out of here.
They're closing up the whole place and nailing the board shut on the outside
and they'll all go in home for a long busman's holiday.
That's it.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, touch the way there.
See ya.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, nail.
Yes, sir.
Well, I got a story for you.
Okay, we're ready.
We can handle it.
Good.
Down at the beach last Friday, walking down on the beach, it's about A1A and East Las Olas
in front of the elbow room.
A1A?
Oh, the elbow room.
A1A, your gay one way, yes.
Yes.
You know, right down the bottom of the building tomorrow.
Anyways, right in front of life, I'm walking along.
And what do I see?
I see two women and gorgeous women, not roof roofs, but, you know,
sunbathing their breasts.
And I just want to know with all the morality and everything that these people preach, you know,
no nude dancing in the bars and serving alcohol and Niknovaro and his stormtroopers, where the hell are they?
And they want that family.
I know what everybody is.
You know, and they want that, it's going to be a family thing, kill spring break.
Can't have none of that.
Well, we want families out there nude on the beach.
That's what we want.
The family that nude bathes together, sticks together.
Yeah.
That's a new motto on the beach.
You know, I would be a Cub fan, but I'm a San Francisco fan.
I like thickening losers.
Oh, man, you must be, you know, what do you sound depressed?
12 and 20, what is it?
12 and 28?
There's 16 games under 500.
I don't understand it.
They got Matt Williams and Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell.
I mean, they should just be an awesome run-making machine.
They have no pitching, but...
The best baseball I ever saw was, well, the Cubs lost.
One they had, one for the pennant, like two or three years ago,
one to seven games, and they were just...
You think that the Cubs, you know, one team was out, and they just...
Everyone just kept coming back.
You remember that?
Didn't go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
I did go to seven games.
We only won one game.
No.
Yes!
I'm coming here to the one they played.
Oh, sir, you're talking to a man who lives and dies with the Cubs
and you're suggesting I don't know what I'm talking about.
We won, we split quick.
We split the two games in Chicago, and then the Giants won three straight in San Francisco.
We lost in five games, sir.
Oh.
Well, it wasn't good, anyways, I mean, uh...
Well, obviously you were really into it, deeply.
Have a great life, pal.
Bye.
Wow.
Talk about people who are confused.
I guess it was those boobs he saw on the beach that got to him.
We have an open-line at Broward 524WYOD.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm getting ready for Memorial Day here.
I have my potato salad cooking, and I made the hamburgers, and I just wanted to relate
to you the Crap's Capital of the World I've just come back from.
The one?
The Crap's Capital of the World.
Oh, the Crap?
I thought you said the Crap Capital.
What could be called that, too?
I have never had such a smell as when you go through the big Mickey World.
You go from ride to ride, and there's all different flavors everywhere.
It tells me, out of my mind, I guess when it's dark, they just decided to time.
I don't understand.
I'm missing something somewhere.
Crap.
Crap's?
No.
You know, where's the card?
Oh, well, listen, let's get laid on a Friday.
You want sharp material for me?
I don't get it.
Well, I just, yes.
That's all I heard while I was up there.
Oh, in other words, you're saying all the little kids on the rides are having little kids?
Oh, little kids?
All the old people.
All the old people.
There were German people there, English people over here.
And they...
Oh, well, there's nothing worse than a German fart.
That's the other thing.
That's the other thing.
That's the other thing.
That's the other thing.
That's the other thing.
Exactly.
And they have that.
That's the other thing.
Well, they serve all their different food.
And then you go on one ride, I guess everybody thinks that since you can't see on the ride,
they can just go ahead and let go.
Yeah.
Well, they can't see each other, so they have to have some kind of a signal.
Oh, I'm telling you.
It's all first if you ever go there.
Okay.
Bring the mask.
Alrighty.
I'll borrow that nose clip from Tonya Cruz.
You have a good weekend.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Hey, have you ever gone into a polling booth and pulled the lever and later realized it wasn't the only lever that got pulled?
I feel like mine's getting yanked just about all the time.
Let me tell you about it.
Pushes in the wide house.
I think I'm going to puke.
Tax is going up again.
You should have voted for the two.
Oh!
We read his lips.
The message got through.
When Bush talks it's just a more pool number two.
Wow!
Lying in the wide house.
Yeah.
Lying in the wide house.
Oh, George, you stopped playing us for such fools.
Cause everybody knows that mine ain't the way to move.
Oh, he's giving out my money to places near and far.
Gas tax just went up.
I can't afford to drive my car.
His pony is quail and a guy named Dick.
Well, I don't trust no one named after my Richard.
Lying in the wide house.
He was lying in the wide house.
Oh, Uncle George, you stopped playing us for such fools.
Cause everybody knows that mine ain't the way to move.
Lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying.
Yeah.
And then quail still the vice president.
152 at WIOD.
Miami, Buenos dias.
How you doing?
All right.
I'm going to first time car a long time listener.
Great.
I got a good question for you.
That hockey game last night was amazing.
Too bad I didn't see it.
Yeah, but you missed a good game.
Then whatever happened to that guy who caught up with the bridges cart?
I just played it within the last hour.
Oh, I just got home from school, so I didn't know.
Oh my God, are you cereal?
Yeah.
You got home just a little sooner you would have had it.
And a car too.
Hey, I got a question for you.
Maybe you could settle a bet for me and my buddy.
It's how it's turned really bald or is that a real haircut?
That's Elaineette Tours here.
So Elaineette Tours here?
And her old nose.
And her old nose, huh?
So he's bald than a...
Bald than a cue ball, sir.
All right.
Have a great life.
All right, have a good weekend.
See ya.
See ya.
What a guy.
Good guy.
Bad call but a good guy.
Excellent guy.
153 at WIOD.
We have an open-line in date.
You'll never get on, but you might be lucky enough to hold over for Rick and CERPACO.
What's his name?
Sebastian.
Don't tell me.
Skuball.
Skuball.
Cellborn.
Melborn.
Rick and Selby.
Dick and Selby coming up from two to six.
Here's a lady in Hollywood who's not there anymore.
What a bitch.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a pay phone in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
How you like that?
What is it?
I just want to make this short.
How are you?
I'm Robert Sticker and autographed picture of you and Rick and CERPACO.
You said probably like a stamp-seller of the rest large mineral envelope to WIOD, Miami-33141,
and put in there exactly what you want and we'll set it to you.
Okay, thank you.
And if you're really put enough postage on there, we'll send you one of Elaine's Spirnos' too.
Okay.
Go cards.
See ya.
Go cards.
Yeah, go cards.
I think they're playing the meds.
Beat the crap out of them.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I've called to say goodbye.
Where you going, sir?
Beltsville, Maryland.
Would you believe it?
Oh, boy.
Well, I'll write it in my diary.
I've lived here for 23 years.
I only speak English and I'm getting the hell out.
Well, you're going to the wrong place.
They don't like talking to people like you.
Well, hey.
What can you say?
You're not going to Beltsville, Maryland.
I swear to God.
What the hell are you going to do there?
I've got a job and I'm going to school out there.
There's no such place.
Come on.
I swear to God.
Really?
Yes.
Well, put a good word in for us.
Tell them we're still on the air up there.
I think they're losing something.
Well, I think you're going to call down when the ratings come out.
And if they're not good, I mean, I've seen the buildings when I've been up there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, a little gasoline goes a long way.
A little Vaseline.
I think they already slipped that to us to be honest with you.
Well, have a great life up there.
Give us a call sometime.
Collect.
We'd like hearing from Beltsville.
Oh, hey.
I'll call.
You know, I've been listening to you for five years and I'm really going to miss you.
Yeah.
Well, that's our problem.
The whole audience moved out of town.
We finally discovered it.
They're all getting out of town.
I think so.
I think you need to learn Spanish, Neil.
Steve.
How a good one.
As in, see this.
Okay.
See you later.
156 and WI.
Is that possible?
I mean, we've been trying to convince everybody for all these years about what a God forsaken the depressing
dank toilet this is.
Maybe finally one day they said, you know what?
He's right.
Let's get the hell out of here.
They're all gone.
They're gone.
And I do notice we're getting a hell of a lot more out of town cause lately too.
London and Paris and Beltsville and you name it.
We're getting a cheek to walk in New York.
Miami.
Is this the wrong call?
I think I just did Miami.
Boca on the star line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
What?
Sensational.
Hey, there you go.
Fabulous.
How's that?
What's up?
Not much.
Just calling in and say hello.
Okay.
See how it's going there.
Yeah.
And other than that, that's about it.
First time I'm calling in.
Well, how was it?
How was what?
The call.
How was the experience?
Come on.
Get with it.
On your end.
Huh?
I say, have a great weekend.
All right.
I'd like to call a couple of people with douchebags.
That's why.
Now, why didn't you just say that at the beginning?
Instead of making a fool of yourself and pretending that you had a reason for calling and asking how
you're doing.
You're not going to say something.
Do it.
No, I can't.
No, you don't.
I'm just going to tell you Neil.
No, well, that's fine.
But just do it.
Okay.
I like that.
Stand up and be a man, sir.
I want to call it Dan.
The bass player.
A major douchebag.
Oh.
Now you're talking.
And Lena and Molta, all the guys down at ACS.
The major, major douchebags.
Oh.
Good job, sir.
Okay.
See you.
Have a great life.
See, you got to put some of these people up a little bit.
Laura brings me a fact that says could you call Mike at American Express a douchebag?
No, I will not call Mike at American Express a douchebag.
Oh, yes, I will because it says I have some mid 80s cubs, your books for you.
Look for them in your box by Tuesday.
Now if I get that 86 cub, your book, I may not be able to come in on Tuesday.
Oh, man.
The one with that Mike Polucky picture in there.
I'm telling you, I can't handle that.
Nobody in the world is supposed to look like that.
It should be against the law.
So thank you so much to people from whoever the hell is in Boko.
Let's go to Pompo, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
You know, I just listened to your car today about that birth car.
The what?
About the birth car.
You know where everybody is burping on her?
Yeah.
Boy, I just got that same problem.
I don't know what to do with it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just, it just comes out and, boom.
Okay.
Well, that's an excellent call to end the week on.
And I hope I sure hope it gets fixed by Monday so we have some good holiday, okay?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I've been wondering there.
One of the talking about these bridges about orange and boats that you talked about earlier.
About what?
Biggers, cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Calm down, sir.
Take a deep breath.
And that is, was it regulated by the United States Corps of Engineers?
You know that, didn't you?
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over Navigable Waterway.
See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, see?
What's that?
I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable Waterways?
Over one?
Navigable Waterway.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at rush hour times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months.
That is absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crappers that?
That is not a communist bunch of craps.
Sounds like some kind of the end-of-the-all fascist, Tommy Pico, uh, conspiracy to me.
There's got five people that will be over the top of the one boat.
Right, exactly.
But a boat is going to stop for five thousand cars.
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the man-briggs closed to both traffic and a hurricane, too.
I want the bridges closed, period.
Okay?
I want them closed.
I want the bridge tentative to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
Get out of the way!
I want those bridges closed.
Let him use the junior tunnel, okay?
You know, I'm not a man-bent.
I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of the bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk.
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk.
Stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic jerk.
Stupid, idiotic jerk.
Twelve thirty at WIOD.
