how about the walk
all the walks not bad either
but that yeah works great
the tool to a little rustic you know so you start to get this me and a soul
kind of feeling when you're cooking
but uh...
but it really works really well
doesn't yet works better than all the aluminum one great
well boy sure hope we do a lot of business for chef crowley and wallie nash
now that made me very happy
thank you sir have a good day great american man
that's all i wanted to hear
and the salads here thanks to a green sheet randy
from uh... over across the street the salads here
thank you ready for picking it up
we have uh... most of the lines open now we were doing okay there toward the end
of the hour and then the news came in audio is by by were busy today we got
full rich lives we don't have time to talk to you you know what guess what i
don't either i'm eating lunch
and look at these beautiful plantains
this is one of the great discoveries
in the history of mankind that's on his made for me
finding discovering plantains
in the store i mean they look ready you know they look kind of like uh... still
bananas
although there is a beautiful
fresh banana here at can i interest anybody in a beautiful banana
now
how about a beautiful green apple
because you know what they say i made a little green apples that's what i say
and i give you another easy get the green apple quick step which is very exciting
anyway it's eleven oh seven at wio d we have an open line in brow art i just
all feel constant walking down the hall again give a big smile in here
i'm sorry for all i couldn't make it okay don't get upset
they hate me like poison because they don't go to the games hey listen i can't
live my life to make everybody else happy that's all there is to it
we have an open line in brow art five to four plantain
five to four walk
candle
on the old
how you doing okay pal
i uh... they got it with the walk
that is a rough to get right here you know i mean
uh... i didn't make the game this weekend either of them he said there is one
problem though when you're trying to uh...
clean out the skillet
both of you know
it's hard it's hard it is very hard
uh... so since i didn't make a game i i guess you're another slime ball i
am sure i guess we'll have to do several years of penance to make up to all
these people who hate us like poison because we could all get
well i i i ended up next best thing was watch tv now watch the uh...
skiing
masters you know that's good that's almost as good as the beach volleyball that's
one of my favorite
also have a request
uh... about
you can put it in a short call
they are right
good luck you sir okay
it's eleven o'clock wioh d the mic tyson tape uh... met an awful fate here not
too many days ago never to be heard again
we had another one that we played a couple times it also be never heard again
that i liked a lot
it's eleven o'clock nine at wioh d and uh... here's a mobile from key west
we don't have any of the largest kind of like to learn the blank on this one real
quick for me
but it's big
can you feel the money on this one all
what was that
now
just a little bit that is clear
major major major
uh...
thank you no problem
eleven o'clock nine at six ten wioh d your class station for the nineties
or class act and don't let anybody give you any crap to the contrary okay
we just do what comes naturally
these are good to these bite-sized bagel chips the came uh... that
uh...
racetrack
on did i hear mike reneri say this morning was gonna have alta cockers Sydney
calling in we're carrying the triple crown races again of course this year the
uh... durby the
preckness and the bell monstakes
because that also mean we're gonna get a chance to chat with our good close
personal friend Dave johnson great guy
we usually calls us gives us the drawer
and his uh... own personal analization of the races
that'll probably happen but also alta clockers in the is gonna be calling in
handicrapping the races on a mike reneri show wow
what that man doesn't know about horse racing could fill volumes
like an encyclopedia
anyway there's one open line indeed seven five one wioh d the ladies are not
going to participate today
it's the post holiday thing now
would be for the holidays they were busy shopping
now they're busy uh...
doing something
we have an open line in pop beach six five five nine four six three six five five
wioh d how about watching a great ball game tonight
if you have sports channel of florida no problem if you don't have sports
channel of florida you're gonna miss out a lot of good stuff for example
this month
catch the national hockey league playoffs exclusively
on sports channel
in all of her forty-life games leading up to an including the Stanley Cup
playoffs call your local cable company today
i guess they mean leading up to the finals
also our friends at sports channel of florida making great progress in
getting cable companies to pick up on their service
so the calls that we keep urging you to make her get the job done it takes
some times a little bit slow just like our audience
but in the long run it pays off in fact hollywood cable vision just recently added
sports channel of florida because their customers demanded it they wanted it
and they wanted it like
yesterday
so if you want to follow the national hockey league the heat the canes the
gators and some real sports
not just that canadian curling you get sports channel of florida and if your
cable company doesn't have sports channel of florida offered to you
give mccall and be sure to tell them that rotten can't take risk near Rogers
at wioh d sent you by ask you to demand sports channel of florida
all around
they're big and round
they're all around
you like
i
i
is
color
and
I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I
I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, I'm a jackpot, it's hard, it is very hard.
Well, I'm enjoying playing some of their cards, I'll tell you that, not boobs a lot but, that other little stuff.
In fact most of their stuff is like just a couple of seconds long, do you know what I'm saying?
Seriously, well that's because there are two guys trying to talk.
They can't have a lot of long stuff because it makes for too long of an
interruption. So like, short stuff like that is good.
It's 1116 at WIOD or short station and here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Then for one of those rusty walks.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've brushed the railing.
I've put a fitting coat of oil on it, but you've probably got to scrape the
rust off.
Yeah, that's not bad.
Well listen, they got this great, this incredible spray on in a canned
product that eliminates rust forever.
Oh, for sure.
Rust and crust.
You spray it in your walk and then your underwear.
It's tremendous.
Yep.
He got against the panther name.
It's a great name.
I even have a panther plate on my hand.
Oh, come on.
Give it me a break will you?
What do you hear from Madonna Neil really?
And have a nice life.
Panthers.
That is the most pathetic, embarrassing, crappy thing.
And again, it's an ego trip.
He went to some stupid little school in Fort Lauderdale and their nickname was
the Panthers.
So we're going to call a baseball team the Florida Panthers.
It's just it's just not a baseball name.
Okay, it sucks.
The Panthers.
Oh, the more you say it, the worse it is.
I mean, even the pelicans, I mean, that would be bushly, but even that would be better.
The Panthers.
How about the leopards for just the leopards?
How about the illegal aliens?
We have an open line in a day in Broward in Palm Beach.
Well, I knew if I said enough of them, we'd be right.
Now we have one in another star line and one in Palm Beach.
Star IoT, if you have Bellsoft mobility.
Very, very.
And you realize the holidays are over now.
You know what that means?
That means everybody's gone.
This town is clearing out like they had a gigantic, a mammoth bomb scare.
Not only the frogs that are leaving, everybody's gone.
And let me tell you another thing.
As long as I'm sitting here getting wound up like a gigantic alarm clock like Big Ben
and drag.
The Chamber of Commerce people in this town lie through their teeth.
There was that big article a few weeks ago about how we got all the Quebecers here, half
a Quebec.
And we got all these French Canadians.
And in spite of the war and all this other tourism is down only a little bit.
Tourism in this town.
Not only what you can't complain about it because there wasn't any of this winter.
We had no season.
There was no but the hotels were dying over there.
Seriously.
You could call off the management at any hotel in Broward County and you'd hear.
Exactly.
Or you could call off the management at any hotel in Dade County and you'd hear.
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it better myself in any language.
Dian.
And yet they keep lying.
I'm dying if they're not lying.
I'll tell you that right now.
And that bugs me.
See because they don't want the public to realize how incompetent and stupid now they've
chased everybody out of here.
Not just the spring breakers but everybody they've chased.
But we're a world class city man.
Yeah.
Just keep saying it off and off and sooner or later it will come true.
It's 1119 at WIOD.
Palm Beach cares about nothing.
They're just not going to talk to us today and you know what?
We're pretty excited about it ourselves.
Here's a mobile in Miami on his dime.
Hey Neil.
Okay.
How you doing?
Yes.
Went to Joe Robbie Stadium on Sunday for the game.
First time I've been at the stadium.
We had a ball.
Great.
Took five people over there.
We sat up in a club seat.
Well, I didn't go in.
Phil Costin is pretty upset about it.
I'll tell you that.
He's standing out in the hallway right now waving his arms around in the air, throwing
objects at the window, having a nervous breakdown because I didn't attend those games.
What do you think of the stingrays?
The one?
The Florida stingrays?
Sucks.
Okay.
Listen, I'm moving into a...
Don't you understand that's not a baseball name?
Yeah.
All the good ones are taken.
No, they're not.
What's wrong with the Miami Blues?
What?
Hey, listen, I understand you.
He's got a big neorodgers dartboard in there and he and Cheryl are throwing objects.
Oh, he belly ached about those tickets.
He wanted those tickets.
He didn't even show up at the game.
What's wrong with that, right?
He's a pain in the ass.
I heard the food wasn't that great anyway.
You better shape up, Phil.
That's what that's the rumor.
Okay.
Hot dogs.
They mean, you know, hot dogs are okay for ball games, but let's get back to that dolphin
food where we get some good show up there in dolphins season.
Neil, can I have a great stuff if I do say so myself?
What is football season start?
Silly, oh, yes.
Can I ask you a question about satellite dishes?
Of course.
I'm moving into a neighborhood that's not a homeowner's association where I'll be able
to put up whatever I want.
What's a good dish to start with?
What's a good dish to start with?
What's the smallest size of a satellite dish that would get a good reception?
Seven and a half.
Don't get a six.
If anybody tries to sell you a six-foot dish, punch them in the mouth and call a police.
Seven and a half foot.
I have a seven and a half.
I get magnificent pictures, okay?
Okay.
Can you recommend a good company?
No.
If I knew one, I would tell you.
All righty.
I really can't.
It's a touch and go.
As a matter of fact, if you're...
Well, you don't have one, but if you knew anybody that's got a dish, do you know anybody
that's got one?
Nope.
Like I said.
I have a couple of my new neighbors, too.
I might check with that.
No, seriously, the thing to do there's on satellite F4, West R4, I mean, what it would
not West R, SATCOM 4.
Channel 10 is satellite city.
It's an over-the-year satellite thing, and on Channel 15 is another one, but Channel 10,
it's only intermittent.
Right.
But the satellite city, they have the most incredible prices on stuff.
A lot of these local dealers here are charging like double what they're selling.
I mean, really good, complete units with the dish and the LNB and the receiver and a
whole bit.
And if you got a neighbor, check that out first, because otherwise you're going to spend
a much too much money.
Okay, great.
It's called satellite city.
Right.
Okay, great.
On F4, 10 for whatever your neighbor, they'll know what it is.
F4, 10.
Right.
All right.
And, you know, at a ball at the game, it was the first time I've been at a baseball game
down here since the Brooklyn die.
Well, full cost and thanks you're a great American.
I can't say he likes anybody who came to those games.
He said anybody who didn't as a slime ball and he wants the world to know it.
And I'm at the top of the list.
I'll see you in the, okay.
Hey, listen, if we get a team, I'll be there, okay?
I mean, I'm like, all these people pulling me in different directions.
They want me to go to the track.
They want me to go to ball games.
I got to go to somebody's brisk.
I can only be in so many places at once.
And of course, with me, it's a tough decision when I compare between the track and any
place else, okay?
The track is where it's at.
I'm sorry.
And then the next day I was exhausted from plunging my brains out of the track.
Although I didn't have a winning night, okay?
I had another winning night last night.
Not big bucks, not thousands or millions, but okay, not too bad.
I mean, I'm not Kelly Shepherd, after all.
23 after 11 at WIOD, we have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463.
It's that time again, the sale to end all sales this weekend at Toyota of Hollywood.
If you're thinking about a new Toyota car, a truck, do not mess whatever you do.
The Toyota of Hollywood Grand Slam and set of sale value on each and every new 91 Toyota
car like you wouldn't believe, every new 91 truck and van on the lot.
You really want Grand Slam and set of this is the place because Toyota of Hollywood has
got the lowest price, best selection in the southeast, highest customer satisfaction of
any Toyota dealer and award winning service department.
What more could you want at a professional sales step?
That's therefore you're before, during and after you buy that incredible new Toyota, an
unbelievable price.
Here's the sales event you've been waiting for, the Grand Slam deal of a lifetime waiting
for you this weekend at Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between Taft and Sheridan streets in Hollywood.
I'll tell her that'll teach you to fudge those numbers on me on those ticket sales, okay?
26 after 11 at WIOD or sports intensive station, yes?
27.
July 27th?
Great.
Boy, that seems like right around the corner, huh?
July 27th, the first exhibition game in GRS.
Okay, boy, I'm having, I'll tell you one thing if it sounds like I'm eating a lot.
And of course, I've been known to do that on here.
I'm not.
It's just that the salad goes on forever.
There's nothing peppers, everything low-calon here.
A couple of plantains.
Slice it to a pepperoni.
Wow.
If I do say so myself, it is extra good today.
Let's try Cooper City just a moment, please.
Here we go.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, she was on the phone for so long.
She had to go make a quick deposit.
Who's that?
Oh, a lady friend from Colorado.
We took her to the ballgame and the zoo.
She lost her money at highlight.
Uh-huh.
Basically just a big tour, but there comes the bunny.
Here she is, right here.
Here she is right here.
Oh.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
You went to the bank?
You went to the bank that fast?
Well, yeah.
You said you had to go make a deposit.
More quick in Colorado.
Wow.
That's what Neil Bush said.
So we went to highlight and I was the only person in the entire sea of blue hair.
Well, there are a lot of families that used to go to highlight.
In fact, their motto used to be incest is best of highlight.
So the question of the day is, what's the average age in Florida?
Death.
Death.
Death.
Death.
Death.
D-E-A-T-H.
Death is the median age.
Do you follow my drift?
Mm-hmm.
You're going to be OK?
No.
But you don't live here.
You didn't move here just visiting, right?
This is it.
Well, consider yourself lucky.
Because living in this jury at this outdoor funeral parlor isn't easy.
It's hard.
It is.
Very hard.
New bed.
So how do you like it so far?
It was fun.
We had a good time.
We went to the baseball game.
Great.
Well, yeah.
I bet you had living and breathing people there.
See, the old farts do not come out to the stadium.
Very few of them.
Because there's no metamusel concession out there.
But they do go to bingo.
They love their bingo.
Bingo.
They have their majong tournament.
They go to the early bird.
They have them up at a clubhouse at Poppato Park.
We got all the sea of blue here in the clubhouse and the grandstand at Gulfstream.
You'll see more blue here than you've ever seen in your life than you can shake a thing
at.
So write a book about it.
It would be a bestseller in Colorado.
I'm sure.
Have a great time.
Thank you.
How long you staying?
How long are you going to be here?
I'm leaving today.
Aren't you lucky?
Well, I have a great trip.
Thank you very much.
And tell them all about it.
OK, lie a lot.
We need the help.
All right.
Bye.
Talk to you later.
Isn't that something?
29 past 11 at WIO.
The Abitulati people have got some pain in the ass.
They're hanging out.
I can say that because my aunt left this morning.
She's very nice.
She really is.
We have an open line.
She is.
OK, I'm sorry.
She's very nice.
I had some knail off yesterday at Mami's after I left here,
after our 17 meals had some knail off in brisket.
It was delicious.
Fabulous.
There's an opening on a starline, star IOD.
Anybody have know what knails are?
George doesn't know what knails are.
Oh, you'd love them.
See, we got you into canole.
You didn't know from canole.
And I got into plantains.
It's kind of like a multibyzec—by a cultural show here.
Opalaka.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Is it a canadal?
Something a name tag of the Canadian worship?
Yes, sir.
Every time I was thinking I heard your news report,
every time I went on a hockey puck in a volasuit.
Any time one of these pseudo celebrities
gets busted for some kind of sex crime, cause—
The individual who was the innocent party, unquote,
ends up in a magazine.
There's one in what magazine is guys gonna have?
No, it's gonna be one of those TV shows, I think,
this afternoon about 430, you know what it's called?
It's hard.
It is very hard.
Very hard toppy at 430.
And one final thing, you're perverted, twisted, and sick.
And I like that.
Okay, sir.
Up yours.
Mm-mm.
This sound of day was sensational.
And I'm care whether Dinnin' Brick likes my sand ad or not.
Okay.
It'll be pleased to know that little time he's bringing
some brick oven later, George.
And since I already had my salad,
you'll probably be able to participate.
Cheryl's not speaking to us or we'd invite her.
We have an open line in Broward 524WIOD.
And I see one we just had a line checker in Dade,
so there's one there.
We're doing okay for Tuesday.
Nothing I'd get too excited about.
I mean, if it was like this every day,
I don't think I'd bother coming back again
except on Thursday.
Here's a lady in Miami Shores.
Hello.
Y'all yes?
Mr. Roger?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I have a quick question for you.
I was watching ESPN last week,
and they had some Canadian sport.
I was wondering if you knew what it was.
It's a rock.
They throw on the floor.
And it's old guy yells at these two young guys
to sleep the floor, so it's a roll.
Right. It's called curling.
What is that?
It's the dumbest thing that anybody's ever seen.
They call it a stone.
But I mean, they had the stadium cut.
And you should see when those Canadians pass a stone,
Maniel, go nuts, eh?
It's horrible, but funny.
It's terrible.
I'm serious, it's called curling.
It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen.
Even bachibal is more sense like that.
That's like bowling.
You know, the Italians bowl a little bit.
But curling like, like curl, like curly hair?
No curling, curly.
Don't ask me to explain how they got the name.
I'm sure some conuckle call it and tell us about that.
Curling, it's dumb, it's idiotic.
How the Canadians who invented one of my favorite sports hockey
we mentioned this year, they could also invent something
that stupid, I have no idea.
Okay.
And they're all sweeping those little brooms.
Those are the kind of guys you like to have in your house once a week.
Why is it always the older guys who yells at the two young guys?
Who's asleep?
You'd have to ask David Cassidy that, I have no idea.
Okay, can I say something to someone?
Sure.
Do you even have lunch ready when I get home or else?
Or else.
That's right.
Good job, man.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
And in closing, see you later.
Always a gentleman.
Bye.
It's 11.32.
Well, she's talking about lunch.
These little bagel chips are delicious and there's only in a whole bag.
There's how many calories like just a second.
Very few.
90.
In a whole bag.
Mmm, mmm.
They're good.
Garlic, no less.
Well, with that gigantic onion that's only served me and this garlic I should be safe.
There's no course in this place.
Everybody's always safe.
Got a lot of ugly people at work here.
It's 11.33 at WIOD.
We have an opening in day.
7-5-1-9463.
Four-loader dial.
Yo.
Yo.
Yeah?
Yeah, we're over here celebrating.
Celebrating what, sir?
Our French Canadian neighbors are leaving today.
Yeah, oh, wait a minute.
She's a new one.
I need something.
Go ahead.
Enter jumping into their big mobile living room and rolling on down the street.
Heading up that old Hershey highway back to where they came from, sir.
There you go.
You've got your week night.
From the heck of a send-off, too.
Yes, sir.
To the rock right through their back window.
Good one.
Yo.
Hey, we bought one of those rocks.
Yeah.
Or I don't think there was the same rocks they advertised on TV, though.
Not handmade in the people's Republican China, huh?
It didn't have all the little dents in it.
It's supposed to be handmade.
I'm not buying that.
Yeah.
Well, there's nothing like being made by hand.
That's what I've always heard.
I'd take your word for that.
Mm-hmm.
But otherwise, it cooks up good food.
Does it rust?
Sure, it rusts.
Well, good.
That's great.
Then you get that special cleaner that you spray on a top of your car when you have the
fire going.
That's another good one I like, where they have the fire going on the hood of the car.
Have you ever seen that one?
Sure.
That's super wax that is good for bald heads and the top of your roof of your car and all
kinds of good stuff.
Grease up the cats earlobes.
It's fantastic.
Well, listen, have a great day, sir.
And Tiny says hi.
Right, Tiny?
26 till noon to WIO.
So that's my pet frog, Tiny.
The dog was getting too neurotic.
We have an open line.
I'll tell you, I had such a long talk with that little dog.
He was so embarrassed by the way these people behaved on Friday.
He'll never come to this place again.
You don't have to worry about that.
A little eight pound dog wouldn't hurt a flea.
And these people here acted like, oh, geez, are going to be here all day.
Sticking dog.
But the most embarrassing part of that episode was fat rich was sitting here for speeding
that dog.
And I'm not paying any attention because I can't see what's going on the other side of
this table.
We have this big octagonal thing here.
And fat rich is on the other side.
And the chair and the dog is over there on the floor beyond where I can see.
And he's feeding and feeding meatballs in lasagna.
You know, who knows what the hell is he's been sitting there saying to me, boy, that
dog is eating up the storm.
Well, who the hell is, who's the big slab that's feeding it to him?
Forced feeding my little dog.
And so when Andy came to here and stepped in something that he mistook for the
mets because it smelled just like then everybody's making a big stink about that.
I'm sorry.
I can't help it.
Okay.
He's just human or whatever he is.
25 till noon at W.I.O.D.
It's a fabulous Tuesday.
We got Dick and Tater at two.
We got sports talk.
Somebody will be doing it at six.
We have no idea who.
And Hank Lie from LA with author, writer, whatever he is, David Israel.
A good Irish boy from 8 to 11 tonight.
Confirmed, that'll be $500.
See?
That's an awful lot of money.
Well, how much you got?
Well.
That'll do.
Here's your boy to pass, sir.
Pick any plane you like.
Air lines are in the dumper.
And nobody knows that better than us.
Weird desperate air.
Yes, desperate air.
We'll do anything to get your business.
We're the planes with a big brown nose.
Attention, passenger.
This is Captain Butt-Kiss, Bacon.
I'm turning on the nose, smoking right now.
But, hey, I won't tell if you won't.
And desperate air has no silly metal detectors to slow you down.
In fact, we have no restrictions at all.
Boy, it's awful stuffy in here.
You mind if I crack a window?
Well, normally it's not allowed, but I don't see why not.
So fly desperate air.
Please.
Ready, please.
Please.
You're hard up and you show.
Call your travel agent today.
I sure will.
Slum 52 at WIOD.
We got a mobile in Boca.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
You know, I've been trying to get a whole of you a couple of weeks back.
You were making some comments with regard to what's happened to a thoroughbred
racing in this country.
The obvious downswing in attendance and handle.
You know, it's the upie generation quit.
Didn't ever start going to the race track.
The older generation continued to go.
I'm involved in marking.
I've done studies.
I've done work for Nira and for the Fairclad for Jefferson Down.
And they had noted 17 and 3.25 percent decrease in attendance
and about an 18 percent decrease in handle over the years.
And we've done programs with giving away free parking programs.
And you know, 50 cents off on a beer and things like that that have turned around
at Jefferson's increase their attendance and handle by over 14, 15 percent.
So the problem is partly that of the race tracks.
They don't know who's at the track and the key is to establish a hardcore data place
but like who their customers are.
Well, you know, for example at Gulf Stream, if they don't know who's at the track,
then they must be wearing blinders, okay?
I mean, I don't know how that might make them.
The median age of those people is death.
And for example, using Tony Curtis to be the promotional hot shot for Gulf Stream this meeting.
To me, one of the most inane things.
I mean, they've already got all the blue hairs out there.
I mean, young people living and breathing people.
I don't even know who the hell Tony Curtis is.
And this is the problem that the fact that all the pair of mutuals in this state,
I can't speak for anywhere else.
But for years and years, they've been real comfortable sitting back and letting the blue hairs be the mainstay of their clientele.
And all of a sudden the lottery came along and all the blue hairs decided they'd rather spend their 50 cents of their dollar by a lottery ticket.
And they have no new clientele.
They haven't worked to develop them.
Well, right now, but the people that are retired now, they'll still go to the track, but they won't spend as much as they used to when they were working.
Well, I must have died off, okay? They don't live forever, so they're dying off if they had to be in replacement.
But I'm just saying it.
I mean, if you look at the attendance in a handle at Gulf Stream the last few days, it has been astonishing.
It's been so bad. Just horrendous.
Well, there are ticket sellers standing out in the aisles talking to you saying,
in fact, I got showed out. I got really picked a couple times at Gulf Stream.
They said they failed to put on 14 sellers today because attendance is down.
You know, I mean, if people are going without jobs, all they need to do is get smart where they're marketing and get to the end of people in there.
Yeah. I'm with you.
Well, I'll preach into the choir again, aren't I?
Yes, sir. Thanks a lot.
Good luck to you, you'll need it.
1155 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the Starline Star IOD and Palm Beach has been very quiet today.
We have no complaints.
It markets up almost 19 points.
6559463, 655 WIOD in Palm Beach, Pompano.
Welcome to McDonald's.
There you go.
Okay. We have an opening in date 751 WIOD. Coral Springs.
How are you doing?
I tuned in fairly late. I heard you talking about the Canadians and that material.
Did you see the article in the Herald today, the Lane Ranger?
The what?
The Lane Ranger.
No, I didn't see it. I don't get the Herald.
Okay. It's in the Broward Herald.
He apparently had done a column on Canadian drivers and...
Kids in Broward out of school this week.
Now I'm confused. The kids in day get out Thursday.
So they get like a week plus.
I'll tell you one thing. If I went to school in Broward and I found that the kids in day were getting longer more days off,
I would like to start a big revolution.
I wouldn't be out there at the beach hanging out, screwing around all week.
I'd be out there getting civically involved in whatever. I'd be screwing around.
21 after 10 at WIOD. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hi, Mia. How you doing?
Okay. So far.
Great. I can't believe my life is so empty that I have to wait my morning talking to you.
I'm going to join the club.
Well, you know, I look for them when I'm cruising in my vehicle talking on the car phone.
Yeah. There are a lot of people who feel...
In fact, you realize there are a lot of folks who just hold the phone up to their ear while they're driving.
We're talking to anybody because that costs some serious bucks.
But they hold it up so everybody else will look at them and think they're like an important businessman
and they're on some big international drug deal or something.
How did you know I'd do that, Neil?
Well, I can tell by the sound of your voice.
I can't believe it.
You don't want to sound like the kind of guy who sharp it up to have a cellular phone in the car
but too cheap to pay for. That's why you're on the starline because we pay for it.
Oh, absolutely. But I wait for my time and money talking to you.
I sure hope not. Why do you think we put that starline in there?
We realize very few people are stupid enough to call us out of cellular phone and pay for it themselves.
But if the sister is paid for it, hey, no problem.
Well, it's a good marketing fool in your part.
Yes, sir. I tell you, I chose what a six-brother.
How about that Danny Bonadoochie, sir?
Oh, Danny Bonadooch bag.
Can you spell that?
Not on the ear.
Oh, only once.
I can't believe you know one of the greatest throws I have is that?
Yeah.
They open up the closet door and look who popped out.
Yes.
It says he hid under the bed or in the closet?
In the closet with David.
Okay. And how is the room for you, David and him in there?
No, I'm out.
You're out or that's right. That's right.
And I'm going to take a lot of courage to do what you did.
What?
Turning out in the closet?
Exactly.
How did you see the scene who was in there?
Oh, my God.
So no one is in there.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life, sir.
There was controversy.
It was great, I was inquiring.
What are the callers again sometime when you really want to look important in the car?
1992.
Okay.
Soon enough for us.
We have one open line indeed, one in Broward to that star line.
If you want to look like a real hot shot, pick up that phone and call it's free.
You can we'll keep you on as long as you want.
Just drive around and make everybody feel like, hey, look at him.
A big business man, hot shot.
We had to play Mr. Businessman by race Stevens.
For all you really important people who sit there with a phone stuck in your ear, think I love about people that make phone calls in a car.
Is there like driving with one finger on a wheel?
I don't know where the other one is.
And they're like all over the road.
And just, hey, listen, I'm busy on a phone.
I can't be by the driving.
23 past 10 at your very important radio station, 610 WIOD.
And we'll be right back.
Sometimes I feel myself.
It's hard.
It is very hard.
1026 at WIOD.
Well, I'm going to start stealing some of Dick and Tater's cards today.
Okay, just very, I can't find that big grapes that they got on there.
The big belch.
That's my favorite card.
He's probably got it, got some code on it, you know, so I can't find it.
We do have an open line in Broward.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Don't get hysterical.
I'll just relax.
It's a beautiful day.
God, the birds are doing it on our cars in the backyard.
524 WIOD, 5249463.
Is there a number in Broward?
But first, we have a crank call from Delray.
No crank call today, Neil.
Hey, good morning.
How disappointing.
What a great night, last night of Pumpkin Open.
You were there?
I was right behind you at Fat Rich.
You were the guy with the two little kids?
No.
No, I was the guy with a friend of mine.
I shook your hand after the race.
Oh, you mean downed outside?
Right.
Oh, I thought you meant upstairs.
We had a guy with two little kids, very nice family.
But they had the TV said like they were not watching the races or even the ballgame.
They were watching like shows.
Oh, that's a shame.
Why don't the TV just cranked up blasting?
But that's okay.
We like people that bring the kids out.
Get them used to the races and, you know, but loud TV.
Real loud.
Yeah, it was a great race.
Oh, it was incredible.
Yeah, I was a guy that was hollering probably in your ear when Joe started uncranking up around the table.
Yeah, I heard you.
Yeah.
Well, once you got clear, boy, you got the only question was, was you going to catch just say so.
I had to see open up three on the turn and I thought, boy, you may never catch him.
Yeah.
And of course, it also didn't hurt the key was stocking.
You got locked in on a rail behind a dying wall off.
Yeah, yeah.
You got out too late.
That helped.
But about 20 or 20 or 30 yards before the finish line you threw your hands up.
You knew you had to hit.
Oh, yeah.
It was great.
I was there with some buddies of mine.
It was just, you know, it was just an unbelievable race.
That rich showed me his tickets.
He had nothing but fives, twos and savants.
Yeah.
Well, I was a mortal triple.
I don't know what the triple paying every.
I really know it all.
I mean, that's all I had, two, five and seven.
Yeah, I just went for the straight plunge with the five.
I didn't take no chances.
I don't want anything else.
Well, I said, 40 won't make you rich, but it's not bad.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I had him a few times.
I wanted to tell you there was something sad to really happen up there.
Popping up the no park.
I don't know if you're familiar with it, but in the fourth race, there had been no Wrangler.
Donald Brainerd.
Donnie Brainerd went for win number 1,000 and didn't get it.
Yeah, well, he was actually what happened as he was bending over so far forward that I think he fell out of the bike
coming off there last turn and never to be seen again.
But I listen, he's not old come one of these days.
He had the worst part through to half and he was with a dead flesh through the lane.
I love the way he like crouches forward like any second we're going to get to that finish line.
Come on, we can get there and he does, but usually at the back of the pack.
Listen, I just like to tell everybody.
All the great skit there.
We had Dave Ingram get 2,000 a few days ago.
Michael chance got 6,000 Saturday night at the metal ends.
We almost had Donald Brainerd get number 1,000 on Monday.
That would have been great.
That would have been truly unbelievable.
But for all the folks that I try to get from this office to go up there as much as I plug Christmas lists,
one of these guys that go up there and spend some bucks and have a great time and see Neil and Fat Rich.
I like to call them all a major douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Well, congratulations.
Don't spend it all in one place.
All right.
Thank you, Neil.
Do you have a great day?
Yes.
And 30 at WID.
Harry is toying with our microphone here and has something in his hand.
Well, you know, we've been reporting all morning that MetroDate Police and the FBI were at Alberto San Pedro's home in highly this morning.
Little rig they know.
Little did we know at the time that San Pedro had already been arrested.
And they were executing warrants then.
They were executing?
Here's who's been arrested and here's what's happened.
Alberto San Pedro, Carlos Rodondo and Lester Steiner were arrested this morning based on a 9-1.
Count indictment which charges San Pedro and Rodondo as being part of a racketeering enterprise engaged in drug trafficking, money laundering, extortion, attempted murder and illegal gambling.
WIOD's Jennifer Rim is at the news conference with Dexter Leightman.
Yeah.
And we'll have further details on this.
I heard that Rick Sanchez drove over over there.
Is that true? Is there any truth in that?
No, it's not.
Can I comment no?
Okay, whatever you say. Well, that's pretty interesting.
Yeah.
And here we thought he was free as a bird.
Well, he'll be okay.
You know how that always goes.
This indictment, by the way, apparently was handed down on February 15th and has been sealed.
It's a 9-count indictment.
I heard that the arrest of him in a movie theater was watching Eating Raul in Haya Lea, which is the most popular movie over there now.
But it could be just one of those ugly rumors.
No, no I can't.
Okay.
Well, thank you so much Henry for that very uplifting news.
You're welcome.
It's always a pleasure and what do you have to say about that Rick?
It's hard. It is very hard.
Okay.
1031 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
There he is, a great gentleman in his own mind.
Henry Barrow, great connoisseur and a cheap drunk.
5249463 in Broward and 655 WIOD.
What is it?
WIOD in Palm Beach.
Whatever it is.
You know what it is.
Why do I have to keep repeating it for you?
Is some kind of a lame brain?
Four-lauderdale.
Sorry.
Four-lauderdale.
Good morning Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
You remember me?
No.
Charles.
Oh Charles, what do you want?
Go away.
I just want to let you know I'm just going to hear him.
Charles, we already got ready with Charles.
Go away.
Call Norm Kett.
Call him in the office.
Come on.
He's anxious to hear from you.
We don't want to talk to you Charles.
You're a past.
You're a nuisance.
You're childers.
You're juvenile.
You're a barricade.
I brought up.
Unlikely.
Unlikely.
When can I come here?
You see there he goes.
Two open lines in Broward.
524 WIOD in Palm Beach.
6559463.
655 WIOD.
I can see it's going to be another struggle today.
But that's okay.
How about opening up those drapes there Andy?
Do us something useful.
Instead of just stepping in.
Stuff on the floor.
That's good.
No, that's not the way we do it.
We like to unfold those blinds.
Okay, that's it.
Just give it a little twist there.
That's great.
Anyway, we're going to be doing our show next Monday.
Great job, Andy Fabulous.
Maybe they can use you on the meds with an arm like that.
What was I starting to say?
Oh yeah, next Monday we're doing our show at the Fort Lauderdale
Swap Shop on sunrise between I-95 and the Turnpike.
And we've got all kinds of stuff to give away including now.
As the days go on, we'll have our crap together a little bit better.
Because you know how we do everything here.
Six packs of snapple soda that will be giving away a whole bunch of them.
One day passes to Atlantis, the water kingdom.
Those are worth 14 bucks a piece.
We've got Al Goldstein's going to come by and be our guest.
We're going to have carts there for sure.
If there are no cart machines, I'm leaving.
There will not be a circus.
That was a bunch of baloney.
And we'll have a lot of fun.
You can know.
What is it?
And subway subs will have to give away.
So we'll have all kinds of stuff for you next to Monday at the Swap Shop.
And of course you can browse and peruse.
And the good news is that most of those French Canadians are already leaving and probably be gone by then.
So we can just have a good time by us.
Okay.
And we'll be right there in the indoor shopping complex surrounded by those fantastic shops with every kind of merchandise under the sun.
And the International Food Court with every kind of food under the sun.
It's just going to be a 12 day.
Next Monday, 10 to 2 at the Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop on West Sunrise between I-95 and the Turnpike.
One.
See, I found it.
Wow.
It wasn't easy to find it.
It's hard.
It is very hard.
Yeah.
Easy for you to say.
1037 at 610 W-I-O-D.
Hello, where will you stop after singing?
And you know what I wanted to ask this audience?
Of course, when I asked something, we never get a response.
Have you seen the walk thing that's been on for the last two years?
Wally Nash with the walk.
The handmade walk.
Made in the People's Republic of China that's on like every five minutes.
And if you have a satellite dish, it's on constantly.
It never goes off.
And we have used to be Arnold Morris, the Jewish chef.
Used to be on a push-and-out thing.
And now it's Chef Crowley, Jerry Crowley, who's one of my favorites.
He always, bye-bye for now with that little kind of faith-thing he does.
But the Wally Nash is on there.
The Englishman pushing those walks.
And I love at the end of the thing, they always say,
please remember, because these are handmade, there's a limited supply.
So be sure and call in for yours now.
And this thing's been on for two years.
And they show all the poor Chinaman over their banging and pounding with their ball-peeing hammers
and just hucking away on those things.
I'm curious if anybody's ever ball on those things.
No? Maybe nobody's ball won yet? That's possible.
Okay, we have two open lines in date counties, 751, WIOD.
You see the reason that that's a bad question is because that would require women probably to answer that.
And women are not ready to call yet today.
We have one open line in Palm Beach, 655, WIOD.
We have a mobile in Palm Beach Gardens.
NEO!
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay.
I got a story for you.
I was living out in California about seven years ago.
And a friend of mine was the...
Have you seen the walk thing?
As a matter of fact, I haven't bought one though.
Okay.
A friend of mine was the captain West Hollywood police department.
And I've always been fascinated with law enforcement.
So he asked me one night if I wanted to go out and ride with the guys.
Yeah.
And so I went out and they put me on what they call the HORP Patrol.
The HORP Patrol?
Yeah, this is a guy's honest truth.
They drive up...
They drive up Melrose and then down Sunset.
Melrose for the guys and Sunset for the girls.
And all of a sudden the guys that I was driving with must have spotted something.
Because they pulled over a brand new spank in 450 SL.
Yes, sir, was in the car.
Danny Bonedouc.
Danny Bonedouc.
Danny Bonedouc, back.
Are you serious?
I swear to God.
I swear to God.
So obviously...
Obviously he has a tough time getting his own magambo.
He's got to pay for it.
Really?
Well, evidently he's got interesting...
Well, I'm not sure what it is, you know.
He's in a closet with a prostitute, a transvestite prostitute.
Yes.
He must have got one hell of a surprise.
Well, he has a little gender problem because he was on that show and he couldn't figure out which one was suiting him.
Which one was David?
Because David always had the better hair.
Amazing.
In any case, in closing I want to say, the Fred Addy, he's a loving douchebag.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you so much.
It's 20 to 11 at 610 WIOD.
I'm not going to make a big fuss about the salad today because I'm sure that it's going to come in on time, early in nice from sunny, right?
Do you notice yesterday how he was sucking around frantically about how, oh yeah, I'll send however many you want.
Now what the hell was that all about?
In the past, and then in the same breath he's saying, I was disappointed because you were giving it to somebody else last week.
Remember that?
Last Thursday and Friday you weren't eating it.
So in other words, he'll send it over here as long as I eat it and rave about it and salivate and go nuts.
But if I share it with beautiful, lovely, uh, Nilda up front or George, the beautiful, lovely, George or anybody else, then he's got a problem.
I don't understand that, sunny.
Just send a chow over here and we'll figure out who's going to eat it.
I know the Cheryl just marching up and down the hall just psychotic and surly.
We have an open line in Dave County 751, WIOD. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know about the hand made walk from the people's Republic of China, sir.
Yes, sir.
They're banging them out right here. There's another one.
I think the worst one is the vacuum hair cutters.
I haven't seen that. Somebody told me about that just yesterday.
Oh, I mean, over and over on prime network again and again.
So vacuum hair cutters?
They took up this hair cutter to a vacuum cleaner and a guy claims he's never cut it there before and so forth and so on.
Doesn't without a mirror and there's no mask and it's a new revel, it's going to replace the wall I guarantee you.
How do you know how much here you're cutting off?
Oh, they have these little things that look like giant combs they put on their different links so it can only hit your head so hard.
Oh, man.
You get swatched. He'll be on there and have for it everywhere.
Boy, look out, Miriam. You may be out of business, huh?
Yes, sir.
That's all I had to say and Joe's a douchebag.
Thank you, sir.
They hear a god almighty.
This, they know that 90% of the stuff they saw on TV is crap.
I like the ones, the slicers, you know, the little slicers and they have the blades you put in.
Then they have that woman who acts like she's like, well, there's a whole bunch of them.
There's the woman with the thing where she makes those sandwiches no matter what she puts in.
They all look the same.
What do they call that thing?
It's snapshot.
It looks like it probably weighs about two ounces.
And it's snapshot.
You know what I'm talking about.
Triangular thing.
Yeah, they make though every sandwich is like a big triangle.
And no matter what you put in it, and she's spooning, how about a little mushrooms and a little bit of olives.
And it's embarrassing because she's making like pudding and she's putting that crap in there.
But she's making pizzas.
And everything looks the same.
It looks really dried out and gross and like almost stale.
And she sticks it on the plate.
Isn't that beautiful?
And you know who's on that with her?
That big fat guy.
What's his name that's on in the afternoon on that stupid show, the big, uh, oh, what is his name?
And he shoveling down.
Oh, how about oh, it's so light.
Oh, and his eyeballs are rolling around.
How about any of those desserts, huh?
It looks like fat rich in heat.
Markets up 25 points, by the way.
Hell, but why told you it was a great day?
What is his name?
Damn it.
But anyway, I'm even forgetting what they call that thing.
That's one of them.
And then it is the woman that's got that little, it looks like a, um,
I don't know what that looks like, but it's got a little thing coming down with a,
little tiny blade at the end.
And you stick it in here.
You stick it in the can of peanuts and you make peanut butter.
That's the way I would do it.
I would just stick it right in the can of those peanuts and make peanut butter in the can.
She looks like she's been on the can.
But, uh, and then she's making all, oh, it's just incredible.
Now you know that that stuff is all like tinkered toy junk.
And I guarantee that some of you have bought some.
What is it?
Snack master.
The snack master.
Thank you, whoever called that in the snack master.
Yes.
And you just stick your little thing in there and it comes out with these triangles
and they all you stick them on that plate and the kids like troll match and beat the crap out of you
for trying to pass off that crap as a snack.
Miramar.
Yeah, Neil, sonny.
I can't bring your salad in but I can bring you a snack master sandwich.
Well, okay, sonny.
Boy, your voice you're changing your hair.
Look at that.
You're here.
Hey, Neil.
Maybe you need one of those hair cutting vacuum cleaners here by Kirby.
It just looks the hair right off your head.
I can.
It can look like zero mostell in about two minutes.
It's like my ear off.
Hey, listen.
Watch this.
About Danny, uh, Danny Bonnet.
Oh, man.
I got to have my own card.
That's a good one.
I got to have my own card.
I'm sorry.
I don't usually steal the terrible.
That's the best belch in history.
What a red.
That was a nine.
Ooh.
Oh, God.
There's different ones on there too.
Aren't there?
I think there's different ones.
Control yourself now.
Boy, listen that.
Don't ever get that card back.
Believe me.
About Danny Donnet douchebag, he has to read between the lines.
Yeah.
See, he paid a 20 and it was a transvestite when he asked for the second act.
The transvestite couldn't do it and said, hey, he had to review himself.
And then so Danny freaked out and beat him up.
Man, that could be it.
And as far as I can find it.
It turned out to be David.
I couldn't believe it was disgusting.
It's finding a guy in his closet.
How did they get in the house without a search warrant?
Well, you know, you would not, now don't start getting into all these details.
I mean, he probably made the story up in the first place.
Yeah, but it's exciting.
This is the kind of stuff that America loves.
It'll be on a hard copy and soft copy.
And that's what we like.
Okay.
You see hard copy yesterday with Fred Schatz?
No, I didn't.
The alleged doctor Fred.
It's hard.
It is very hard.
That's what he said when that show was over.
He can't control himself.
He's a very hard copy.
That'll be on the Saturday.
Have a great day, sir.
1045 at WIOD.
We're starting to pick up a little steam now.
I want that snack master.
That's not what they call it.
That's the other one.
Now they have another name for it, don't they?
The snack, the something.
The piece of crap is what they call it.
And what's that guy's name?
The big fat guy always worth that blood, same black sweater
in his eyeballs roll around.
And he puts that stuff.
It looks like fluff.
It looks like marshmallow fluff in a big glass.
And he starts eating that with a spoon.
And he says, you think he's like having some kind of
any emotional experience or something?
What the hell is his name?
Don't you people know anything?
Coconut of Grove.
Same as Go-Sing in the same old talking.
Let's take a call from Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm enjoying your radio.
Well, that's great.
Sir, so are we.
We're having a time of our lives without Patrick Williams.
I see the walkman on television.
The what?
The walkman.
The Wally Nash.
Yeah.
And you know, he put in all the vegetables and then he puts in
like three little pieces of meat.
And he says, my boss is cheap too.
That's why you don't get much meat.
Yeah.
I wonder what he meant by that.
Hey, listen, I'm in Ex-New Yorker and I'm enjoying Florida.
I've moved down here for good.
The only.
Oh, boy.
The only disagreement I have is with these French Canadians.
I have one as a neighbor.
Well, are all even, sir.
Is your neighbor still here?
Yeah, they always here.
Well, driving to the bus station, okay?
Tell them the hockey playoff start today.
It's time to get the races back where they came from.
Okay, Parley Wu, Adios.
Hey, listen.
Yes.
Could you do me a favor?
I doubt it.
I doubt it.
What is it?
Well, if he can, my sister's here for me.
Yeah, yeah.
Your sister's here from Saskatchewan, from Moosejaw.
Well, I'd like to hear the I-95.
Good.
Well, tell her to keep listening in one day we'll play it.
1047 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
524-9463.
That has got to be, I got to confess because it's not mine.
But listen, I'm easy when it comes to steel and material.
That's got to be the greatest card in history, doesn't it?
Got to be certainly one of the top three already and we haven't just started it.
So, you know, it's like a lot of other things they start with it and then we make it famous.
1047 at WIOD.
We'll take a little break here.
We'll be right back.
51 at WIOD.
Kind of a furious first hour here today for a Tuesday.
I would say that myself.
655 WIOD.
There's an open line in Palm Beach.
Christopher Hewitt is the big fat guy with the bugging out eyes and a stupid look and all that crap.
Anyway, he's on some idiotic show that's on any afternoon.
Rewrons or something.
I have no idea what it is.
What is it?
Oh, Mr. Belvedere.
That's who that is.
What a slime ball.
Pompano.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Two things.
I was over at Pompano Track last night and first time I saw you in person like I was going to come over and shake you around but you surrounded by fat rich.
Yeah, that's, he's my bodyguard.
Yeah.
And the other is I've no anti-orong clean from town like but I'm speaking with you.
I'm speaking with you.
What is your own clean from town?
But if you get chance, will you play spick it in freeway?
What is this request Tuesday?
We don't do requests, sir.
Well, if you get a chance, though, will you play it?
Unlikely.
1052 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
I don't understand this.
All of a sudden, I don't know where.
We got all these different things in here.
We got our walk up in a year on the stove.
And this guy and he's, we got two in a row there.
Oh, my aunt's in from St. Louis and this guy doesn't have anybody in and I can understand why.
Forget it.
Forget it.
We're just, we're doing a radio show here, okay?
Put a quarter in the slot.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655-9463.
We still have no lady who bought a walk.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Around here.
Yes.
Yeah, I originally called to tell you Christopher Ewitt but I guess I'm already called.
Did you ever see him?
No.
He's the producer though.
The movie the producer.
No.
You never saw the movie the producer?
Yeah, with Mel Brooks.
Right.
He played the flavor producer, movie producer, play producer.
That's one of my favorite movies, The Producers.
Oh, really?
Well, it was springtime for Hitler?
Yeah.
Right.
Well, that's what I've called out.
You had an amazing, but I actually remember that.
Because I have a blank in my mind about movies.
Well, it's not my fault.
I'm just explaining.
I'm not blaming it on you.
You don't get defensive and psychotic about it.
I'm just telling you, I'm admitting it's one of mine.
I was originally in Hollywood now and you're playing me.
By the time I got on the air, Jesus Christ.
Well, I'm not meant to call you to tell you Christopher Ewitt.
Somebody already did it.
Well, I'm glad you hung on to tell us that.
That was very kind of you, sir.
Okay.
Bye, Neil.
See ya.
Dusprig.
1054 at WYOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
5249463.
And guess what?
The dial line you hear, the dial tone is on Palm Beach.
6559463.
They don't know Christopher Ewitt from Martin Ewitt.
Whatever happened to Martin Ewitt, by the way.
Do you remember that movie Endless Love?
Wasn't that the name of the movie with the Brook Shields?
That was a good movie.
That was depressing movie, but a good movie.
And he burned the house down.
I don't blame him, okay?
That was Pannon-E-As parents, man.
Oh, that was the movie.
Who was the guy that was in that scene?
I'm going to lose it.
Don played her father, Don Marie.
Was that his name?
Played Brook Shields.
She had those real hippie type parents that were smoking dope
with all the guys.
And the mother saw them by the fireplace on the living room floor.
Remember, she was coming down the stairs and she took a look
and got all goosey eyed and hysterical and pretty excited.
I wonder what she was thinking as she stood there
at the top of the stairway.
It's hard.
It is very hard.
We have a caller in Kendall.
Um, yeah.
Oh, it's the space lady.
Well, like you know that, um...
Yeah, like what?
That snack master thing.
You know that.
You snack that is snack.
Yeah, you know.
Like your language.
You never get a witch radio personality actually bought one.
Probably Greg butyl.
No.
Um, Greg were thing.
He was talking about it.
He did it with the disaster.
He doesn't talk to you, does he?
Well, he was...
Yeah, he was...
No wonder he's been a little repressed lately.
I think he's getting Norman Kent to sue.
Yeah.
I would too.
What do you think about that little pit squeak, Danny Bonadoo-Cher?
Oh, no.
What?
Oh, God, he's getting desperate.
Yeah.
How'd you like to open up your closet and find him crawling around in there?
Yeah.
Amen.
Well, have a good one.
Bye, man.
Okay.
Yeah.
Amen.
I like her.
She's okay.
She's my kind of dingy bitch.
We have an open line in a day, 7519463.
Do you get to feeling this little psychosis in the year in this building?
Do you get that feeling as you walk around the byways and highways and the hallways?
Boy.
I think some of it had to do with those ball games this weekend.
I mean, this town finally did something great.
It really came out through and gigantic numbers.
It was a tremendous experience.
It gave us like 75 more strikes up as far as getting that major league franchise.
And yet inside this building, there just seems to be a little...
No.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
This is Mark, first time caller.
Yes, Mark.
How are you doing, Mark?
Not bad.
95 is pretty clean.
And on the subject of these TV ads.
Yeah.
Has anybody brought up the run list stockings that we hear maybe they're trying to do TV ads?
Oh, yeah.
Well, maybe that was the problem.
Maybe they had the runs and the closet.
Also, a few weeks ago, you played something by the FUGS.
I think it's called Bloops a Lotter Something.
Yeah, it's not by the FUGS.
Was that the right song, though, that I just said?
Yeah.
Well, thanks, Neil, for the first call.
And I just want to say that Matt and Jack, you're...
Well, wait a minute.
What about the song?
I don't understand.
As long as great, I used to listen to it when I was a kid.
I thought it was a pretty neat, neat rendition of a great classic.
Yeah, a great classic along the lines with the I-95 song.
Right.
But I had a good chuckle listening to it, and I didn't think anybody else in the South Florida knew about it.
But you're obviously a man of taste.
That's what they call me, sir.
Have a great life.
You too.
1057 at WIOD.
There's one open line now.
It's on that Starline.
If you've got Bellsoft Mobility, man, we'll end up pay the big bucks for a couple of minutes anyway.
That's Star IOD.
Here's a mobile in Miami, paying for their own.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
In the producers, I know the younger guy was with an Eugene Wilder.
Yes, sir.
And the older guy was who?
Don De la Weeze, or I can't read it.
Don De la Weeze, that's correct.
Is that correct?
Yeah.
Great movie.
And Bankrock was in it.
Terrific, terrific movie.
It's a little classic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's all I wanted to say.
And also, low-me $50.
Okay, Larry.
All right.
See you.
1058 at Goodall WIOD.
We have an open line.
Well, it was kind of a sad day when you read that kind of stuff about these trucks.
I hated Danny Bonarducci anyway.
Didn't you all.
Didn't you?
Everybody hate him and that's you.
Oh, disgusting.
I've been like, Dan, Dave Madden, Ruben Kincaid, better than him.
And I couldn't stand him.
The Dippy Agent.
Oh, man.
Is he a dip?
He does some spots.
You notice all these old character actors, they do spots.
And they make a lot of money doing commercials, too, by the way.
But they sure can't get any other works that they do a lot of spots.
Like Tom Bosley.
Oh, man.
There, I swear to you, if there's one person in the history of television who can make me nauseous and too sad,
I'd like to take a gigantic, glad bag and stick him in it, okay?
And like, just take that twist on tie and tie it up so tight that no air could possibly penetrate.
And then just like put it in a gigantic incinerator.
Oh, man.
Tom Bosley.
There's another one of those TV shows.
Happy day, Scott.
Oh, maybe what did you people see in that show?
Fonzie Henry Winkler's total slime ball.
Idiot.
Moron.
And Richie.
With his cocoon now.
What is his name?
That replied Richie.
What's his name?
Come on, get with it.
It's got to be sharp on his show.
Richie on.
Ronnie Howard.
Of course.
See you knew it all the time.
And speaking of that, look at that.
With his body shirt, there's Mani just came in looking like a real sleaze bag.
Clean yourself up.
Will you please?
Last guy dressed like that.
Here is Ken.
Henry Barrow's got the 11 o'clock news.
The latest on that Alberto San Pedro thing.
Boy, I bet you there are people right in this block who are getting emotional and psychotic about that story.
And then we'll come back at 11 o'clock.
Rick and Suds with a mystery.
It says here, Dick and Tater from 2 to 6.
Sports talk with yet to be determined host, 605.
Hank Lie from Los Angeles, say to clock with writer David Isviel tonight.
