I'm a cup fan. I'm a cup fan.
I got you.
I'm a shot.
San Luis.
I'm going.
I'm going.
San Luis.
Brown is sharply the San Luis.
And this game is over young Bob's death.
San Luis.
Well, if he's not hard to win your first major league game,
but he has done it.
And the same goes the Dave Smith.
The story that rock thombs in the world.
I don't know one thing.
What was she doing there?
Carousing and drinking to four o'clock in the morning.
OK, does that sound like a sexist pig?
When you say that, are all the feminists going to get
bent out of shape?
I just wonder what she was doing walking unescorted into a
bar, schmoozing with all the candidates, drinking to four
in the morning, going home with them.
And thinking she was going to a tea party.
I don't understand it.
We sure try to blow that game last night, man.
Bob Scanlon pitches a great six innings.
Week in a little bit in the seventh, his first major league
start looked like we were going to coast on in.
And then all of a sudden Dunston start making areas and
Barry Hill dropped a ball at the plate when the game
should have been over.
And do we like to make it exciting?
OK, that's the way the Cubs play.
And how about those pirates?
Boy, Chuck Meyer must be in a hog heaven this morning.
Unbelievable.
Pirates are kicking ass in a penguins.
Just totally.
It was great for his period last night.
But after that, they just totally blew away the Bruins
and tied up the series.
I have a little thing for Chuck too, as soon as he clears the
cobwebs out of his head.
I have the most amazing pig report in the history of this town.
It is mind boggling.
And I hope Officer Pig is listening right now.
I'm sure he is.
He's an elite.
I'm coming to work this morning.
And I get off as usual at the Golden Glades because I see
95 looks pretty emotional.
I saw Tony Cruz out there directing traffic.
And so I get off on Northwest 7th Avenue and come down there
like I usually do.
And I get a few blocks down.
All of a sudden I see a Metro pig car in my rear view mirror
with its bright lights just barreling up from behind.
I mean, just flying.
So I assume when you got your bright headlights on,
and he probably is going somewhere in a hurry wants me
to get out of the way.
So I whip over to the next lane.
And he whips over the next lane right behind me.
But like right on my tail with those bright headlights burning
in my eyes.
So I thought, well, maybe he wants to go somewhere in this lane.
So now I get back quickly over in the center lane.
He gets over in the center lane behind me.
We go by another 10 blocks.
All of a sudden here come, and I'm going to speed limit exactly
40 miles an hour on the dot.
We go by another 10 blocks.
All of a sudden here come his lights on for me to pull over.
So I pull over around a corner to get out of the way from traffic.
And he pulls up behind me, gets out, young black Metro cop.
And he says to me, he's got to use those blinkers.
When you're changing lanes, got to be a little more careful.
I said, well, I'm trying to get out of your way.
I said, I thought you had your bright headlights on.
I thought you wanted to get around.
You were going somewhere.
He says, well, maybe it was just me driving like a retard, huh?
That's my quoting verbatim.
I didn't want to touch that line because at this point,
I don't know exactly what's going on.
Okay.
I felt like saying, yeah, you've got it right on the nose pal.
So he said, well, here is this car.
I said 91.
He said, boy, what a beautiful car.
You don't want to get it all messed up.
Better be a little more careful.
I said, okay, have a great day.
So I turn around.
I get back on Northwest 7th Avenue.
I'm wondering to myself to see who I am.
Was it a joke?
I go about another 10 blocks.
I'm almost to where I'm going to turn at 81st Street.
Here he comes again.
With this bright headlights on.
And he's over to the lane to my left.
And he motions to me to roll down a window.
We're both moving.
And he says, roll down that window.
I roll it down.
He says, I got a pig report for you.
And I almost passed out.
He's laughing.
And he said, you're a neorodger.
I said, yeah, now I'm moving along.
He pulls up to the lane to my right.
Rolls down his window.
Great show.
Great show.
The most incredible experience I think in recent memory.
I mean, just amazing.
Talk about it nearly.
I'm sure he's listening right.
You're a great American, sir.
And I'll never do it again.
Whatever I did, I'll never do it again.
Boy, I just was amazed.
Shocked.
Flabbergasted.
So between that guy and then a plantation pig
that came burrowing into my driveway last week.
Remember that?
It just loves the show.
We're big with the pigs.
In spite of popular rumor, okay?
Anyway, it's 11, it's 12 minutes after 10.
Daryl Strawberry, how about the big,
a straw man last night at two run home
or then comes up in the night
sitting with a tying run of third base and grounds up?
Boy, kind of a mixed bag.
Are the meds ever going to play on a road again
or they just play in all their games at home?
What the hell is going on?
Anyway, baseball's starting to get a little exciting.
We want some pizza from Flora's Rogers
in Irrubbinga's stomach again.
How about a meatball pizza?
Do they have meatball?
Huh?
Because you've got a picture.
Roger gets, when we were back in our little dieting,
our bogus dieting contest,
Roger used to try to get a little advantage
by stimulating my appetite by leaving in front of me
as he would get out of the studio at 10 o'clock in the morning.
A magazine called Pizza, what is it?
Pizza today.
Here it is.
In fact, he just happened to have left it again here today.
And you'd start leafing through this
and see these pictures.
You just go nuts and immediately,
you know you're going to have all kinds of pies
and crap come in here.
That was the way he gained a little edge temporarily.
They'll start to pick it out himself.
So now he leaves a picture with a note on it.
Hungry today, question mark.
New pies on the block.
And it's got a picture of a pepper and meatball pizza
that look with extra cheese.
That looks so incredibly great.
So I figure Flora's will probably bring one up right away, right?
We don't want to impose on Jeff again, do we?
Now we don't want to impose on him
because he's too busy giving all those free pizzas out
to the nose contest people, right?
We better do some business here.
It's 10, 13 at WIOD.
So I bet your Flora's will be on a phone
in just a second or Jeff or whoever.
Cause Roger, starving over here.
All you mothers out there got good news for you this Sunday
on Mother's Day instead of just going to some
pedestrian place like Lenny's or something like that
for Mother's Day, which isn't too exciting.
Why not go to the Spice Dampel and Spice Up Mom's Day.
They're starting with brunch on Mother's Day
from 11 in the EM till 2 in the PM.
And then dinner starts at 2 o'clock this Sunday
at both Spice Dampel restaurants,
featuring complete dinners at unbelievable prices
even at kids menu and special Mother's Day coupons
will be in the following newspapers this week.
Check out the Showtime section of the Sun
Sentinel this Friday, the Boca News on Friday,
the Palm Beach Post tomorrow, and the Helen Dale Digest
and Jewish Journal.
I'm Thursday and Friday this week, tomorrow and Friday.
And when you go to the Spice Dampel,
you can choose from two great specials for Mother's Day,
Roastlegg of Lamb or Bakes Stuffed Orange Ruffy
stuffed with shrimp and lobster,
or choose from the Spice Dampel's complete regular menu
with that delicious gourmet country and seafood stuff,
all of that down-home comfortable North Carolina setting.
It is incredible, it's all homemade, delicious.
So make mom real happy this Sunday
by taking her over to the Spice Dampel
for a fantastic feast.
Seeding will be limited, so call now, make reservations.
I'm Griffin Road, a mile west of I-95.
The number there is 962-0772.
962-0772 and in Boca, 2700 North Federal Highway
just north of Glades Road, 394-3100.
394-3100, do it up big this Sunday for Mother's Day
at the Spice Dampel.
What a beautiful letter here
in the a new times yesterday that I miss somehow
that George just handed me the Neal thing it says.
Susan Coole's, Give Me A Brick,
Letters April 17, her coming to the defensive neal rushers
was about as short-sighted and hypocritical as that moron is.
Wow, anyone who has listened to that garbage
of a radio program undoubtedly has heard
some of the exact sort of prejudice and ignorance and intolerance that Susan seems to be so concerned about.
Ooooooh! That's because this rodent of a man feeds and gets rich off the idea of stirring and arousing
the funny bones of an audience composed exclusively of simple-minded, lethargic Joe Sixpaks who have
no lives by using a brand of humor that is distasteful at best, disgraceful at worst.
Gee, don't you just love those Arab 7-Eleven jokes that he pops from time to time?
How about Mr. Rogers' wonderful descriptions of the elderly on Miami Beach?
My personal favorites. Isn't that interesting? My personal favorites, so must be somebody who listens a
lot, right? Richard Salis in Miami Lakes? My personal favorites are the ones where he gets off
on being Jewish by playing those silly little bits and pieces that poke fun at Judaism,
even though he claims to be an atheist and let us not forget his hate-filled discriminatory
anti-biolingualism campaign of a few years back, not exactly ancient history. The problem with Susan's
letter was that she overlooked the fact that the Neorodger show is a perfect symptom of what is
wrong with South Florida, a population of ignorant, isolated, unaware people being exploited by
unproductive useless, extreme stupidity, with an ignorant, isolated, and unaware, shmuck feeding off
it all. I think he's got a pretty well-done pat, don't you? I didn't see all the words used to
describe Neorodgers in the best of Miami issue, but I'm going to add one more. He's a jackass!
Damn right, Dick. Dick Salis in Miami Lakes excellent letter, and I'm sure he's listening right now.
All the lines in date are open again today. I kind of took that personally yesterday. Everything
else is tied up, and then I listened to Rick Insadzen was the same syndrome. Is there another thing
going on in date? Maybe they have a big party at Dick's house over in lakes. 751 WIOD in date,
something really bizarre going on. Are they getting ready for the new flotella? Oh, I'm sorry,
Miami. Is this another Metz fan calling in? That was our first Metz fan of the day ladies and
gentlemen, or they must be just in heaven today. They probably were a little nervous when he
hit that tremendous two-run homer that made the game a lot closer after nearly blowing a six
nothing lead. We have an open line on the Starline, Star IOD in two and date, 751. What does he say?
751 Jackass. Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to congratulate you on that great
opening, inspiring opening on the show this morning. Are you another Joe Sixpaxer who has no life at all?
What was that? Well, the guy that writes the letter, he said, what does he describe all the people
who said, ignorant, isolated, unaware? I don't understand those big words. Good job, Dick,
right on target. He's got a lot of open lines in Dave County. You keep giving him out in English.
Sir, are you one of those bigoted, rough people at this guy's writing about?
Let's get back to the ball game. Let's get back to the game, Nelson.
Yes. Is that all you're going to talk about today or the Cubs?
Yeah, great. No, I'm going to talk about the Penguin Bruin game. Did you see that?
No, I didn't get that out of the set.
Will the little fan of the dead in Rackie put the hand left? Will the little takes over?
Right to the far!
The big far! Will the little fan of the poor Gary?
Pretty exciting, huh, sir? Yes, sir.
Will you a little bit of ignorant morons out there that I'm feeding on?
I couldn't watch the game because I was watching Roseanne.
Oh, okay. Well, that's more our speed, anyone.
Yes, sir.
Well, have a great day.
Well, enjoy your show and I'll be around for the duration, even though some of us have, uh,
no lives. Right, right. I'll still away though. Take care, and you. Okay, bye.
10-21 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward, 5-2-4 that's ringing as I speak,
as in ringing in your ears. Hey, listen, all you ignorant slabs out there want to have a great time
today? Let's have a big congregation of like a hundred thousand ignorant misses go out to the
Swap Shop and just have one hell of a good time. Watch the elephants do their thing near, lift their
tail and their trunk simultaneously. And the amazing part of it is the same thing drops out of both.
At the Swap Shop on West Sunrise between 9.95, the turnpike, they have the Daily Circus,
Daily Monday through Friday. There were two shows, four big shows on the weekend for people
who have no lives at all every Saturday and Sunday. This is called 7-9-1 Swap for Daily Circus
Times and also for concert times this weekend for Conway Twitty, who sings about this town at
famous song His It's Only Make Believe. The Saturday the 11th and Sunday May the 12th. And of course
millions of great items for you to pick up new and used bargains inside and out at the Swap Shop
and money back guarantee on every piece of merchandise that you buy. So if you want to have a great day
and just go away and try to pretend you do have a life, this is a good place to do it. At the Swap Shop
on West Sunrise Boulevard between the turnpike and I, 95. Hi, this is Rick and Sun. If you missed
us yesterday, you missed this. I like to know if I could really try on your shoes. It's really
important that I just, if I could try on your shoes real quick. I mean I'll get them right back.
I was just expecting everybody to take them off for a second. I mean I'll leave my minor
worst more than that. These are $150. All right, he's taking them off. I'm going to take my
off now. You're kidding. That's just your buddy. Wow. They're on me. Are you kidding?
I got your shoes on. You're wearing your shoes? Yeah. Okay, how black hell.
Go. Go. Go. You want to get that go. I want them to chase you. I'll give you another 25
bucks if you have them chase you. You want them to run? Run. I'm taking over this guy's shoes, okay?
Okay. All right, I'm out of the parking lot. Go. What do I do? Run.
No, look like that. Remember? All right, I'm not all the way to the streets.
Well, I don't ever miss this again, okay? Here's a thousand dollars. And be here today at two o'clock
on 610 W-I-O-D. Here's Ricardo Motobon and the Chrysler New Yorker. This luxury automobile has
always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker. And now Chrysler introduces
an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker. Hey,
more Ron, you want to put on your seatbelt or would you rather eat the steering wheel, eh?
Ah, yes. This is truly a New Yorker. All right, genius. You left the goddamn headlights on.
Jeez, you want some, eh? All you know that. And for the most dangerous city in the world,
a security system second to none. Hey, bagel, praise. You want to lock the
fucking doors? Or maybe we should put a fucking sign in the window and say, rip me off.
Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker. If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
The brightest, dipshit. I got your luxury right here.
So, you're going to get a car from Flores yet? You're probably not even open yet. Well,
Roger's hungry. Roger's hungry. You know, I think the only way we're going to solve the
date problem because they all start to get lit up again and they dropped off. There must be
something real exciting going on. We don't know about. Let's do screenless in date only.
So, answer the other ones and just leave date to ring. Okay, that's the only way we're going to
get them back. 751 WYOD in date. And good luck to you. Sunrise. Hello.
Hi, this is Greg from Sunrise. First time caller on Tom listener. Yes, Greg. How you doing today?
Great. Are you another one of those ignorant unaware people isolated?
Yes, matter of fact, I had to run out and get me a six pack before the show started.
Good. Bottom's up. That's what Henry says.
I've been listening to you ever since the dean left the station
aired. Yes. I got around to calling. Yes, dummy. What's that?
I say, I hope you're having a great day so far. Oh, I am. It's beautiful.
I'm on vacation this week. Hi, yeah. And you're staying here? Of course.
Oh, God. You are ignorant and unaware. The guy was right out there. Can I isolated,
definitely isolated? But what am I supposed to do? Go up since Maddie?
Yeah, that would be a good place. Have you ever watched a life of Brian at Money,
Python movie? One of the all-time greats. Of course. I don't know if you have any notice,
but I think Gilbert started that movie. It was a Pontchist pilot's friend from Rome.
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Okay, I just want to close the eye.
And you have yourself a good day. Okay. Yeah, by the way.
Bottoms up. 1028 at WIOD.
Dave County. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Are you doing, buddy? Okay, pal.
I just got out of the shower. So, and I heard you say you're going to go scream.
But I figured out everybody's taking a shower indeed. That's what's going on.
Well, Neil, when you go to bed late, you got to take a shower when you wake up, no?
I guess so. Yeah. So how you doing? I'm doing great so far. How are you doing?
We have an open line at Broward 524WIOD. We're doing screenless indeed.
Oh, really? Yeah. That's why I call because I never call it usually.
Why not? I don't know. I feel like I'm having a problem.
Well, maybe you're not one of those ignorant unaware slime balls that listen to this show.
Oh, really? Am I? You have a six pack handy?
No, not a problem. I don't drink or smoke it.
Are you serious? Really?
Almost are good. I mean, that's very healthy. You know how that is.
Yeah. What about yourself? Are you a dining right now?
Am I what? Dining? I'm dying. Yeah.
No, no, I'm dying. I'm dieting over here.
I don't know who would do if you'd die. I mean,
is there going to start your host? I mean,
while you probably wouldn't be isolated and unaware anymore,
and you'd probably start drinking like liqueurs instead,
something a little more classy.
All right, Neil. I'm out of, as your colors always say, out of material.
Okay. Well, why don't you want? Okay. Wipe down good now.
Hey, don't get crazy. Okay. All right, let's see you.
Now, let me ask you something. How come you're what just happened there?
We're doing screenless in the Georgia's little confused, I think, in date only.
Date only. W-I-O-D.
All right, birthday tonight. I'm lighting the entire city of Miami to come sit on my face.
Oh, man, I knew that joy would get back on one way or another, wouldn't it?
W-I-O-D.
Neil. Yes. How you doing?
Okay. Neil, I want to ask you something.
Okay. Didn't you use to be in Nashville or in Memphis?
Four weeks, yes, for exhaustive, excruciating weeks.
Oh, in 1980.
You know, I have no desire to go back.
No, I have no desire to go back.
Do you have a desire to go there?
Oh, wow. Yeah, I like Nashville.
What do you like about it?
I just love, I mean, I have the tourist I like going there.
I like to go see the Grand Old Opera.
Oh, yeah, that's my favorite.
I can go see Conway, Twiti at the Swap Shop for free.
I don't got to go all the way up there with those Yahoo's.
Well, with all those troglonites who are hatched out of a gigantic Martian egg.
There'll be plenty, plenty of blue-collar women there.
Believe me for Conway.
Yeah, that's true.
Man, it might be a good time to go and women watch.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
You'll anyway, Carthels never won.
Remember that.
Yeah, the Cardinals had a good game against Atlanta last night,
though the end of the year, too.
Only team in the Eastern Division had lost.
I want to rub it in, I think.
What the?
That was pathetic.
Nine to two.
Even if I turned it off after about the third inning,
it was so bad.
Did you watch any of the hockey game?
Just a little bit.
I'm not a real hockey fan.
Any exciting first period, though, until I think Chuck is right, though.
The Penguin, unless the things turn around, they...
I mean, both games in Boston, the Bruins one,
and both games in Pittsburgh, the Penguins one,
now they go back to Boston, so.
Well, I like...
I mean, I watched it sometimes,
but I don't know that much about it.
You don't have to know a lot about it.
Just call up Chuck in the newsroom, he'll fill you in.
He'll tell you the penguins are great.
Can I say something?
I'll tell you, Mary O'Lehmue is God and...
Recky and all those guys.
They're regular recky crew.
Yes, sir. Go ahead.
I just want to say that Alan definitely is not a douchebag.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Sweet dreams.
Bye.
1031 at WIOD, screenless and date.
I don't think they're following this.
I'll allow a couple of...
They're all flashing and date.
Are they flashing it and date?
And we have one of...
Obviously, this guy in Miami Lakes is listening right now.
We probably should try to call him a little later on.
Don't you think?
Have a little chat with him on the air,
see what his problem is.
Because he quotes...
The ones that I love the best are the ones who just despise the show.
I'm a jackass.
Everybody who likes the show is an idiot.
But they can quote chapter in verse every bit, every line, every word.
For like the last 10 to 15 years that I've been on the air here,
which is only 15.
We have an open line in the center square and brown,
at 524WIOD.
I'm going to have a problem with date ringing.
It's kind of like a throws you off balance.
Lake Worth.
Closing.
Let's get those Edmonds and oils out of there so we can have a whole USA Stanley Cup.
You sound like a bigot to me, eh?
No.
Eh?
Good point, though.
But those penguins.
Well, the North Stars are ahead two games to one and they're playing where they plan tonight.
Minnesota.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Oh, man. They go.
They win tonight and it's all over but the shooting.
They need to win that one this way, yeah.
They lose an Emmetton.
They still got to come back and play in the...
Well, you should have watched the game last night.
They didn't have any Canadian national anthem.
I watched it last night.
In Pittsburgh, you had two Boston and Pittsburgh.
Have you seen as much nothing in that off as this series or what?
Did you see where they were shown?
Both of Mandy Moggen, who's the guy for Boston for Pittsburgh?
What's his name?
The goalie?
Baratso.
Baratso.
He was... what he was doing was like muscling it like up so it was real loose.
He kept back in that net and like pushing it so it was like barely on the magnet
so that if anything happened he could just breathe on it and it would fall off and they'd have to stop to play.
Exactly.
Pretty clever.
Yeah.
Mandy Moggen played a great game last night, by the way, all over.
They're coming down to two good series.
Yeah.
Well, it's kind of refreshing that you're going to have Boston, Pittsburgh, Minnesota,
or well, Edmonton will be out.
We hope if it's the first three teams and any of those two it'll be great in the Stanley Cup.
Get rid of those same old teams, Calgary and Edmonton and the Canadians.
Get some new blood in there.
New breed, like...
Yes, sir.
Especially in baseball, like getting the metto hell out of there.
Right.
Bringing the club.
Yes, sir.
All right, Neil.
Listen, only 147 days to pop.
We tried to blow that game so hard last night.
You have no idea.
The ninth inning starts and Harry's already.
They're showing Bob Scanlon as kid, the rookie in the dugout, and Harry's saying,
well, it's going to be his first major league win.
And tomorrow the Cubs are going to try to sweep.
He already wraps these things up.
He hasn't learned his lesson yet.
Exactly.
And then we're throwing a ball around the ballpark like a bunch of sandlot kids.
Dunston makes an incredible catch of a foul pop fly and he takes an easy ground ball.
It should have been the end of the game.
Bobbles it and then throws it away.
Listen, I got a spy report.
Yes, sir.
Don Brainer.
Yeah.
It's still breaking, Trotter's is running down.
Okay, good news.
Please.
See you.
1034 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the center square and Broward, 524 and 1 in Palm Beach,
655 WIOD.
We're doing screenless and dayd, hello.
Tantaram, tantaram, tantaram, tantaram, tantaram.
Oh, this must be Alex Jr.
It's got to be.
How are you doing, Nia?
Where have you been?
Magtime, no park.
How come?
I've been busy.
And it's all bad about that now.
Yeah.
I saw Chuck Meyer in the hallway.
He didn't stop in to thank me for playing that wonderful goal with Bob Cole.
Hey, Juddy Bar, Jr. hasn't called you in a long time.
No, it's true.
Well, he's probably busy.
They've got him strapped in the nets and Toronto waiting for Maxine to start.
Hey, Nia, how good is Rochester?
For what?
Well, I might be going there.
For?
I got a job offer.
In Rochester, you'd love it.
It's a great town.
So the weather sucks if you can handle that.
You can handle that weather.
It's tremendous.
It's a wonderful place.
Have you heard of Ashley Audio?
No, sir.
Pretty.
The Amplifier Eastman Kodak at Baush and Lomb.
Well, Ashley Audio.
Tiki Freeman.
Ashley Audio's in the Rochester also.
Don and Bob's at Kedette Cleaners and Foxes Deli.
Pretty all those.
Did you cool that?
No, I didn't say that.
I said if you can handle a cold weather, it's a nice place to live.
But I mean nasty weather.
I mean, ten-foot, no, okay, laugh now.
And cry later, I'm warning you.
I mean, nasty.
Lots and lots of snow and sleet and driving on the ice.
Talk about skating on thin ice.
Well, I shouldn't visit in the summer then.
Well, if you want to dilute yourself,
go there like in the middle of July during the July line.
Great.
Like the week of summer.
And the week we have summer, that's exactly right.
And you'll love it.
Not so it's a good town.
It is.
Oh, why?
I'd get out of here, believe me,
because there's nothing but a bunch of mindless idiots down here.
Are isolated unaware.
I don't know, maybe I can.
The larger, simple minded.
Six-packed.
I think the guy actually hits it on a head pretty well here,
quite frankly.
He says South Florida is a population of ignorant,
isolated unaware people,
being exploited by unproductive useless extremes.
Stupidity.
What's, I think he's on target.
I think he's got something there.
Yeah, but he didn't include himself.
Well, he probably didn't, just didn't want to admit it.
Well, have a great life, Alan.
Hey, hey, you got a birthday coming up, don't you?
No, not that I know of.
But let's pretend that today's my birthday.
And everybody can call and say,
happy birthday since everybody's out of material.
Yeah, so everybody's doing those triple black cherry
of vanilla pancake.
Butloads, yeah.
Yeah.
Because I was wondering when you're going to have the next
reunion in the area studio for free food.
Not, uh, not anytime soon.
So, fathers can go buy, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Take it easy, Neil.
Let's see Alex.
Have a great life.
Go penguin.
Okay.
1036 at WIOD.
We were doing screenless in day.
They're all flashing.
And two open lines in brown,
at 524 WIOD.
Snapple is sitting here on a counter.
I got like six packs.
See, I'm Joe six pack too.
Only I got my Snapple.
So, guy is right.
But Snapple has no garbage in it.
You know, you got to be careful about that garbage
you put in your body.
Or some people out there just put anything in.
And that's why you just
swig down gallons and gallons every year of those soft drinks.
Look on the label sometime.
All the artificial, everything is artificial.
Even a bottle is artificial.
What I plastic and all those chemicals
leaching inside and just mung.
Snapple is really the best.
Because it's 100% natural.
Whether it's the juices or the sodas
or the unsweetened salchres like the black cherry
that I got in my hand right now.
All made with the best stuff on the face of the earth.
And it's all in glass bottles too, resealable.
So, if you're like not all at thirsty,
you want to drink camp.
Just swig it down.
Have a great time.
Or if you want to drink two, three, six packs
like most of our six pack audience,
just go ahead and do that too.
Check out Snapple.
Once we get you hooked,
you'll forget about all that other stuff
with all the chemicals and cramp in it.
You'll find Snapple available at
Freddy's Albertsons and the prestigious stop
and go go out and stock up today.
Okay, we're having a little conference here
on the air.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Nick Tregoni and Mike Disney
and Cheryl, our executive assistant,
the trouble maker, Yenta,
are in the studio now.
We're planning our trip,
a long way to trip to Chicago this summer,
which we have no idea what weekend it's going to be
or what the hell is going on.
Or whether we're going to stay
at the Yasup Kitchen this year,
again, like we did last year.
I mean, I do like the Camilla sounds
and we do a lot of great work,
but I don't necessarily want to stay there
unless it's absolutely necessary, okay?
And two years ago,
we stayed at the Ritz Carlton.
So, we're going to get this all straight
and out with him.
We have it right from the horse's tail.
The thing that bothers me is when you work for a douchebag.
Yes.
You see?
Exactly.
Oh, by the way, I have a special...
You should get it better.
Since Mr. Tregoni, one of our headcocks broadcasting haunches,
I see you've got wives
and got rid of those blockbusters,
by the way, just in time.
I have a special tape that I'd like to play for him
and I'm sure everybody will enjoy.
Mike Disney's Jewish Would You Believe It?
Fleetwood Grover Gary Bruce 2
Henry Barrow's Jewish Could You Conceive It?
And could Old Phil Costan Is Too?
Johnny Duck is yet his can't you smell it?
When Freight is nearly on the Garcia's too?
As a matter of fact,
all the cocks employees are Jewish
since I fell in love with you.
We've had Mill again,
since I fell in love with you.
Mill the Gantanelli,
since I fell in love with you.
Okay, it's Aguizun.
So what do you want to come in and take calls from the audience today?
Sure.
You want to do that?
We've never done that before.
You know when Sandy was here when the station had a one,
and most of those people were the walking dead,
have a seat here.
Nick Tregoni is here.
Now Disney of course is too chicken to do this,
but Mr. Tregoni of course,
it makes the big bucks.
He can handle it.
I'd be glad to do it.
Of course, he's also one of those Joe Six packs.
He's part of my audience.
He listens in on a listen line every day,
spies up there in Atlanta.
A population of ignorant, isolated, unaware people being exploited
by an unproductive schmuck named Neo Rodgers.
That's the letter in New Times.
They love me here.
See that?
So, huh?
They love me.
So anyway, what should we do?
Should we, well, let's see what these people have to say.
This is like ask the manager.
This is going to be great.
Cheryl, why are you directing?
What is it?
Would you just relax?
Why is everybody so hyper?
So if there's anybody you'd like to have off the air,
like me, any complaints, anything you'd like to say great about us,
here's the guy.
I don't know.
Is it on, George?
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
Disney.
Moving real close.
Pretend you know something.
Disney's sitting down here.
We're going to do ask the manager.
Let's talk about White Chuck Meyer.
Is it on Saturday morning stuff like that?
Okay.
Pemberpine, hello.
Leo.
Yeah.
How about the Monday morning, huh?
You have to know.
Do you want to speak to our head, honcho, sir?
Oh, is there anything there?
Yeah, he's right here.
Yeah, I'm right here.
All right, Disney, no.
Forget this cup thing.
Put it in Pittsburgh.
Cubs are great.
Put it in remote in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh sucks.
But I mean, come on now.
The cubs are already out of it.
Yeah, that's Chuck Meyer.
That's too much influence.
What's Chuck?
I mean, take Chuck Meyer.
Leave me alone.
Yeah, there you go.
I don't want to go to Pittsburgh.
Well, that's all right.
I'd rather go to Orlando before I go to Pittsburgh
and I'd rather be dead before I went back to Orlando.
You know that that Pittsburgh pirates
made Lady take off her costume at the game Saturday?
Well, that's the most excitement they've had there
in a long time, sir.
It said the pirates could be sued
if someone was hurt trying to...
Don't you want to talk?
I mean, here's your chance of a lifetime.
Come on.
He's not a real person.
He's never going to happen again.
He's not a real person, do you?
You're right.
He can't be.
Well, how about Mr. Tregoni now?
He's like one step below the sisters.
Tregoni.
Almost without the money.
He plays for the maple leaf, don't he?
Exactly.
Goal.
Okay, have a nice life.
See, it's right.
The guy in the article is right.
We have a bunch of ignorant Joe Sixpacks.
I agree.
I agree.
And that's what we like.
Can I bring up a major point?
Only if you speak into the mic.
This is radio.
Not TV now that he's in the TV division.
He doesn't know what a mic radio microphone is.
Can I bring up a major point about the executive assistant?
Yes.
She's married, right?
At this moment.
Why doesn't she have a diamond ring?
Well, she's kind of undecided.
I don't understand.
She kind of switches her husband and she?
For what?
Well, I was the judge.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Lake Worth.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
First time caller.
Great.
Well, here's your big chance.
Hey, can I get you to do a cart for me?
Oh, no.
Don't hang up, please.
Come on, Neil.
What is it?
I'll write it down for later.
Huh?
I'll write it down.
Okay, that's good.
Come on, hurry up.
They're not going to stay in here too long.
Let's go.
Do the asshole song for me.
Okay.
Back off.
I'll call you back.
Yes, sir.
Come on.
Now, clean it up.
We got the crick-o-n-e sitting in here
and you're using all this language.
All right.
Thanks, Neil.
Up your is, pal.
Okay.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, probably chickened out.
Let's get...
Should we clear the lines?
You think, George?
Should we clear them all?
Because we had them all go.
We had a great show in progress.
And these idiots came in here and screwed it all up.
Okay, let's clear the lines.
Here's your chance of a lifetime.
Here we go.
Taking my life in my hands.
And those people who want to speak
directly to the horse's tail.
Here we go.
We got Mike Disney, who's kind of small potatoes.
And Nick Trigoni from Atlanta.
From Cox Corporate Headquarters in Atlanta.
The homados braves that just powered
their way over the Cardinals last night.
Nine to two.
Red hot.
That's your quota for this week.
Good.
Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Disney.
Yeah.
No more Yankee baseball.
You got to promise.
No more UM basketball.
Sorry, you can't do that one.
Underwater basket weaving.
Okay, I can handle that.
And we want Neil on six hours a day.
Yeah, thanks.
See you.
Get rid of him.
Can't afford it.
Get rid of him immediately.
Sunrise.
Boy Yankee baseball.
You got it.
Whatever you say.
Miami Beach.
Randy Morton's.
Frugged.
That's my opinion.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Well, at least they're sure we get a lot of calls.
Yeah, very intelligent call is here.
Read the article again.
It'll give you a good idea who you're talking to.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Okay.
Uh, bottom line.
The week ends are good at ISD.
Do something about it.
He said a weekend suck and I would be is what he said.
Come on.
Let's get some real living people in here on the weekend.
Okay.
Can you handle that, Disney?
No problem.
Whatever you say, sir.
Okay.
Neil, he's looking at the newspaper you have here.
He's with his finger.
I think he can't even read.
You hired him.
You hired him.
That is.
Don't remind me.
Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up?
Does he still there?
They're both still here.
Hey, tell him to cut that news.
Weather traffic.
Crafts.
Yeah, get it right.
Get it in the right way.
I don't have a lot of everybody listening to that.
How about sky one, two, and three?
Do you like that?
I don't have to get some billboards up with your face on it, Neil.
Sky King and Penny.
Okay, Neil.
Okay.
Neil, can I ask you a question?
Yes.
Where's Sandy these days?
So she's still working tomorrow?
Sandy is in Channel 10.
She's doing consumer reports.
She doesn't do a very boring consumer report.
She's no major.
Drunked her out of the radio business.
Because when I used to come out here,
she worked deep.
No, when I used to come by here,
when I ran radio in the old days,
I'd come in here and it was never a phone call.
Does that, you know,
does that why she got country read the book?
You have to have listeners before you get phone calls.
That's what Steve says.
It's 1048.
We don't want to bring that up at WIODR.
Are you over your head with credit card and hospital bills?
Are bill collectors calling you at home and work?
Well, did you know you can't stop them from calling legally?
Three planes because of self-water traffic patterns,
it takes three planes to cover the tie-ups,
the delays, the detours,
and the accident.
Three plane coverage,
what-over Palm Beach,
another overbroward county,
and the third flying over day.
Three plane coverage from Skywatch 610.
When you tune to 610 WIODR,
you'll tune to the most comprehensive
and timely traffic coverage available.
Three plane coverage from South Florida's
news traffic and weather station.
News talk radio 610,
double WIODR.
Tonight on Channel 39's Nightcourt,
the world according to...
Dan.
I looked up,
saw the statue of Lady Justice,
suddenly realized something.
Well,
I don't think she's wearing any underwear.
Tonight at 730 on Nightcourt.
And all this week on Channel 39.
Five of Bell's seven home runs of
solo shots, four of them leaving off an ending.
Two of them have been run on.
There's a long ride.
Did seven feel way back?
Way back, you might be out of here.
Hit it!
Holy cow!
Okay, just reminiscing about last night's game.
Let's get a lot of these calls in here.
A lot of the complaints out of your system.
Miami.
Deal.
Yes sir.
Fabulous. How you doing?
Okay.
From Mr. Disney's,
it can send Hank to Vegas.
Why can't you go to Vegas?
Exactly.
That's what I want to know.
Yeah, why did I have to pay to go to Vegas
to have a good time this weekend?
Right?
All the speeches.
All the speeches they've got none.
Yes, speechless.
He's holding his head in his hand.
Which one?
Neil.
Let me just tell you this.
Okay.
Yes sir.
I will talk to Mr. Disney after we get to see him.
Get him straight.
No.
I don't want you wrong here.
You know what I mean?
Gotta go on chicken crate airlines
to all these places.
How about going like first class?
He should send you first class.
Top drawer.
At Ritz Carlton.
At Ritz Carlton.
Staying in the Marajan Vegas for a week show out there.
Absolutely.
No matter if we got it, we're already planned.
I must be psychic.
We have a pizza ex-boned February 3rd through 5th 92
in Vegas next year.
We'll be there.
And we are going to be there.
And Nick Trigone has already committed himself to it.
I've committed it.
Okay.
I'm going to talk to Disney.
It's done.
It's done.
Opalaka.
Oh, look guys, there's still there.
They should double your salary
or give you two or three months off a year.
Now you're talking.
He'll ride your seat.
Starting today.
Guys, can't screw around with him.
Yes.
And you ought to pay for his trip to Vegas.
Do I think a show with you,
Neil, run around in a casino at Vegas
with a wire to you for a mic?
With about 50 grand to gamble.
Oh, man, that would be intense.
You bet.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's all done.
Science-yielding delivered.
For Lauderdale.
Yeah.
We're old and ton you cruise.
We're not letting her go until the man's are met.
Disney said, keep her.
Okay, let's go through a Tamarack.
Manage and Disney are getting married.
Okay.
Well, we're showering this morning downstairs
when I came in.
Here's a lady.
It was super.
Lady in Miami.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.
Mike, you sound good on the radio.
You're not thinking good.
Don't say that.
Oh, she's don't say that.
More cost-cutting on the weekend.
I can see it now.
No, no, no.
With the revenues, it's going to start coming in
because Rick and Suss and you are there.
Give me a break.
He's going to, he can give you Chicago and Vegas.
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's basically why I called.
I was going to give up Chicago,
you know, and make it and say, say,
do Vegas one year in Chicago the next.
But no, you can do both.
John, done.
Whatever you'd like.
It's all set.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Scott is legs crossed when he said it.
Pembroke Pines.
Yes, I'm just pleased.
I'm here.
Oh, can you tell me about Ludlow was sitting on the porch?
Ludlow.
Yes.
What do you want to know about Ludlow?
Is he that good?
Ludlow is very good.
Is he coming to Florida?
Pretty weeks, sir.
Tron St. John, Jr., radio and the Florida.
Ludlow is an Atlanta, Georgia, act.
He's an institution.
In fact, he does his show for him one every morning.
And he would not do well here.
I think his humor is more directed towards
how can I say this now?
