751 WIOD from day in Broward at 524 WIOD.
Palm Beach 655 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest-host are callers are not necessarily those of this nation.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a new doc radio assistant WIOD.
United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people.
Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression.
Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait, just the way it's going to be.
We like to be Adam who stays and hits him with a fight.
His target was his head and toes like a male and white to life.
He tried to steal away Kuwait and beat the OUG.
He called us to his head and blow away the G.
He wanted to be a child and he wanted to be a kid and play an apple jam.
I love life with him and I'll see you in the next video.
He's going to play Adam who stays and blow him away.
Well, is everybody happy that's all I want to know?
It's 10.07.
Wow.
What a miserable murky day.
I feel like Sherlock Holmes in How to the Bass Pee Rills.
Anyway, here we are.
Just one big happy family.
The book is out.
We did pretty well.
Can't complain here between the 10 and 2.
We did pretty damn well as a matter of fact.
In fact, usually when books come out in ratings, I want to dwell on those.
But from a year, instead of comparing to the last book, most people in the business,
including agencies, look at the last corresponding period of time.
In other words, from fall 89 to fall 90.
So fall 89, they show had a six.
Fall 90, we got a six three.
So I'm pretty happy about it.
I think the good demographics and the people are out there.
Naturally, we have to keep reminding them they have to have that fierce, rugged determination
at a loyal IOD listenership because if they don't, it turns into another one of these ethnic voting
for this station and voting for that.
And right away, all the ethnic stations have got like 90% shares and the rest of us have no audience.
Nobody cares.
And that's the thing you constantly have to work at at this market because otherwise you're like,
you could have like half the audience listening like we do right now.
And if they don't care enough to send in their very best, nobody finds out about it.
I know the reason we got half the audience look because this is basically when one talk host
and one show can be the format for an entire radio station, then you know everybody in the world
is listening to the show.
And I think it's kind of interesting, a concept all-neil all day.
I think that would be a great bumper sticker.
I mean, he's not on our station, but we talk about him all day because we know that he's like the crux of talk radio
in the market and has been for the last 15 years.
And so if we just talk about him all day long and taunt him and harass him and abuse him and compliment him,
just do a whole stick geared around Neil as they're doing over there on light bulb radio, then that's where it's at.
Now I did something this morning that I haven't done it a long time.
I called in on a talk show on another station. I haven't done that in years.
In fact, I haven't even been inspired to do it in years.
The reason I did it is because, well there's a multitude of reasons, market by the way is a 26 and a half points
as those meetings go on in the Middle East and they're hoping for the best.
So that's why the market's supple see what happens.
I did it because I feel embarrassed for people, one of whom is a friend of mine.
Okay, Norm can't say good friend of mine in addition to being my attorney.
And he's a good guy. He's got a heart of gold.
And he generally stands up for all of the things that I believe are right, you know, like freedom of speech and a first amendment, all of all of good stuff.
I told him this a couple days ago before he ever embarked upon this all-neil all day format that he's many loving kisses.
That he isn't in a possible situation. He gets in no way because he is part of the manipulated masses over there.
And no matter what happens, he's eventually got to come down on their side.
So anyway, I finished 10 minutes on the year within this morning in response to all of this Charles Peak, a K.A. Beto and Alice Randall, so this stuff.
And at eight o'clock, like three seconds after his news came on and I had to say bye-bye, my phone rings, he's back on a phone.
And I'm, I'm excoriating him for the lack of balls in terms of just saying things on here that he knows aren't true, that he told me the opposite.
I've spoke to him about six times the last two days. The first time just tried to find out who this group was.
And let's go back. Mainly my hysteria this morning has nothing to do with Norm or Al or any of that situation that has to do with Pompano Park, where I was last night.
And I'm not beginning to realize the reason when I had my stroke back in April, it was after a very depressing, frustrating evening.
Not a night I lost a lot of money. I didn't lose a lot of money last night.
And Kelly Shepherd, thank you. Kelly had a winner last night.
Seven to one, when I bet him he was bettown to nine to five, so didn't exactly get rich, but at least thank goodness for Kelly Shepherd.
Okay, it's a good guy.
And I don't know how to say the things I want to say about some of those people out there in horse racing in general, not just at Pompano Park,
because they put a dark mark on a sport that I happen to love dearly.
And by their antics out there and what they do to the public, they damage the ability even with good PR people like Alan Finkelson or Joe Tannenbaum or Roy Slanoff and the others.
People that go out there and do grotesque things are put dead meat on a racetrack for the public to burn their money on.
It's an embarrassment. It's embarrassing. So I want to talk about that in a minute.
And I really don't know where to start. So let's start by taking a break because I got so many things we've got to cover today.
We may not be able to do it in four hours, right?
We may have to have Steve orchestrates some guests for us because that's another thing.
He believes that he's going to book the guest not only over there, but over here too.
He's back to that old business. I'm going to orchestrate the show and you really have no guts if you don't have this kind of like somebody writes me a letter
so that in criticize, which I read on the air, how many times have I read letters on the air? Many, many times over the years from goofballs.
Well, not recently, but over the years several.
Does that man going to invite these people on the air to attack me for four hours?
See, I don't do contract controversy, Steve. I don't have guests.
I have like Al Goldstein, Tom Jicke and Bill Cosford. That's three that I can count and Hank will stop it once in a while.
So maybe I got like four or five people a year who come in on his show.
I don't do that kind of a show. So there's no reason for me to bring in somebody here in stage a contrived debate because Steve thinks it would be exciting and make good contrived debate.
I don't want to be a contrived radio. But I do like the concept of all Neil Alde, but I do want my qualities and what I OD and my picture on the bumper sticker, Steve.
It's 1013 at WIOD, spell it right. That's WI ostracized D and we'll be right back.
1016 at WIOD on this, whether our Camilla Sauce total 107,821 dollars.
And it'll continue trickling and I'm hoping we get to at least 110 would be a nice even number by our deadline next Tuesday.
A lot of deadlines on the 15th. I guess ours isn't quite as important as he used to be.
Anyway, where do I start? Now a lot of our audience is totally in the dark on this because they can't pick up light bulb radio, especially if they live in Dave County or parts of Palm Beach.
And I got this letter in the mail a couple of days ago in a one to two hour.
And I had no idea who the person was from was on a letterhead from a an organization called Guard Incorporated.
And the very first paragraph says the Guard organization was created a strike back at those who shame the homosexual community.
Our actions are intended to inject into society that if one casts the gay community in a negative light, we will go after them with a vengeance.
And that goes on to talk about the things I say on the air and expressions I use, etc. etc. etc.
But it would start right up and we're going to go after them with the vengeance and the not so veiled threat is there that if I don't knuckle under and stop using this expression or do an ad or whatever that they're going to come after me with the vengeance.
So, can I write on the air and I said it was a bunch of crap and it was I left here two days ago.
I called Norm Candid's office on a way home from my car because he generally knows who these various organizations are to different people.
And sure enough, he knew that Charles Peake was a guy whose real name is Charles Beto by the way who was involved in a supposed organization.
They really only had like three or four members and maybe a half a dozen people and they were going after people.
And his opinion really had no right to be gone after you deserve to be and that they were misguided and he wasn't too fond of them.
At that point the next day I came on yesterday and I mentioned it what for like four seconds in the beginning of the show because basically yesterday we're talking about the dolphins or ratings were coming and we had a lot of stuff going on.
I mentioned it briefly.
We had a full board of calls. One of the lines was flashing. George was talking to somebody on the line and I picked it up and here's the guy who identifies himself as the same author of this letter.
Now for a couple of seconds I told him along with me, thought he was talking to George. He wants to speak to Neil and pop up.
I mean, let me finally after 30 seconds realized he's talking to me.
At that point he says, well, if you're if you're going to adopt this attitude about it, I'm going over to FTL right now.
I'm going over to Elrantel and pop out in there. He was gone.
There wasn't any discussion about my bringing him on the air for a debate because I have no desire or interest or intention.
There's nothing to debate. He's not going to tell me what my humor is going to be. He's not going to accuse me of being a homophobic gay.
I mean, that's just lunacy to begin with because it's ridiculous. I don't know what he wants to accuse. But obviously he's got problems.
At least that's my opinion.
So that was my that was our involvement with it starting around noon.
And after that point off the year during the news break, a norm can't call.
Well, norm, by the way, is a lawyer, good friend of mine also does mornings on FTL and norm I got to tell you.
I'm not even going to repeat it because I've said it before you won't listen to me.
I mean, you listen over there and between trying to I mean, we have problems getting the traffic guys on the air because they're not there.
But I mean, the technical, the abortive things that are going on in the name of being a radio station, it's embarrassing.
It's like the King Paul school of broadcasting, which has been going on ever since he's on that station, by the way.
It's like a laughing stock to joke.
Technically and in many other ways and I, you know, I feel for guys because I know what it's like to have to go through that.
We have our own technical things here once in a while, but never in the in our wildest days in the league with the stuff that goes on over there.
It's like it's like try to put it together when the director said, can we still say that director said.
So anyway, I get to call and he said it wasn't the guy who was on a phone who called you and the blah, blah, blah.
And he's going to go on with Al at some time in the future and like much to do about nothing.
Then comes to find out in the next hour getting frantic calls, both on and off the air.
This guy's on the air up there. They're doing a number on you.
And let me say this right up front. I've been attacked. I've been abused. I'm not making a martyr man.
I can handle. I've been handling it here for 15 years. Okay.
The only thing I do is that when people do it, I come back. I strike back.
I don't sit here like a wimp for five years or five minutes. If I feel a wreaths worth responding to, I do it.
That's all because I don't sit, you know, life is too short to take a lot of crap from anybody.
That's why my one message for everybody. Don't take crap.
Whether it's where you work, whether it's at home, just don't take crap from anybody.
And I don't. And that's one of my main philosophies in life. I won't do it.
And here is this ongoing bashing, which evidently Al Rantel now has had the muzzle taken off.
He's no longer muzzled by Jefferson Pilate. He no longer has an excuse for being a wimp.
So now he's going to really butcher up and strike back at what?
At the fact I've called him Alice and played a little song and made mockery of him over the past many years.
Same stuff I did, by the way, when we worked together on that radio station, which didn't seem to bother him at all then.
But evidently, in the inter-em in between has nod at his conscience and his being just remembered evidently.
And in his mind, the way of responding is not to go on a year and to compete, because he can't do that.
We've already went around on that when I was at I&C and he was at NWS, and I had a 9-shear and he had a 278-can't compete.
Or do a productive show or do something interesting.
The way to do it is to invite somebody not to do it himself even, but let's bring his good friend Charles Bato, aka Charles Peak, on a year, to attack Neil Rogers as being, as using these terrible phrases and being a bad role model.
And maybe indirectly causing teenage gays to commit suicide because they have a negative impression about themselves etc.
A bunch of crap.
Goes without saying, a pile of crap.
Every time I turned on yesterday, and obviously the reasons I did, even in the house, which it unheard of for me to turn after the emotional guiding light with Rivas over there in Italy, I mean, who can believe that?
She floated across the Atlantic, she's alive in Italy allegedly.
And after that, I turned on and here again, it's all Neil all day.
And as I was on my way home, you know, one thing about Steve, when you're full of it, at least be consistently full of it.
And then he is full of crap.
Just never, it's like opening up a faucet and the washer gets broken and you can't shut it off like the valve is broken and it just comes flowing out and never stops like a toilet that never stops running.
The amount of lies and myths, myths truths that you hear in one day coming from that place, more than most of us here in a lifetime, and I hear a lot, and I tell of you occasionally too.
What is necessary?
But the idea that boy Gary and Disney go in their into breaks and try to get Neil to stop talking about us and I hear that from my answer, let me say this, maybe you don't lie Steve, maybe just I'll be very generous, maybe your informants in this building just have bad information they're feeding you.
Mike, Disney and boy Gary and nobody in the building has ever ever come to me and said, don't talk about it to you.
Don't talk about Steve King. Don't talk about anything. There's only one person and one subject matter we don't discuss. Everybody knows who and everybody knows why.
All the way, did you get a chance to mention him on the ear on the phone this morning over there, which is kind of exciting.
I may call more often in the morning.
1023 at W.I.D., let's do a break and then we'll come back because I got a lot to say and I know that I'm whining and I'm a martyr and I keep a bunch of crap out.
Now, okay, now there's only one thing I can say to you and I say it from the bottom of my heart. Butch up.
The greatest football team and the other thing.
Excuse me, the other thing I'm here yesterday, you know, here again, a man who's really a part of the community, Mr. Pain, Mr. Rico.
And I'm sure that Neil, it's always something that Neil would do.
You know, not just it's always the average person out there, the fan, but always we got to bring Neil into it too.
He may be a fan, but if you paid him $5,000, he just as soon as he the dolphins lose the game this way.
Now, first of all, that's got to be the most assent I think of. It's an excuse for not being a fan of your local professional team.
That's all that is.
And hey, if you're more interested in cash and a bet, more power to you. You're not a fan, you're a title, okay? That's not where I'm coming from.
I mean, if that's the case, it would be like the Cubs play 162 games every season.
And it would be like somebody said to me every day of the season, would you rather have $5,000 today, or would you rather see the Cubs lose?
Hey, 5,000 times 162 at the end of the season, I could buy the Cubs, okay, then I would have to worry about it.
As an I, ridiculous.
I don't even know where to start, I mean, I could do like the whole four hours, I could do a monologue.
And I don't even know if it's worth it because I'm dignifying. You got to understand the all the all day.
There would be those people who would say, well, you should just totally ignore them because nobody's even listening.
I hear the old Jan from Hollywood this morning. I hear it. And here all this stuff has gone on here.
I was called in there. Alice called in for 20 minutes. Norm is hysterical. He's telling me one thing on a phone off the air. He's calling me at home.
Then he comes back on. Says just the opposite. Oh, yes, the system organization. They're a fledgling organism. I've changed my mind. I had dinner with the L.A.S. manager.
And in an off the air, he's telling me something entirely different. He says, yeah, you're right. It's not a group in this guy's a bad guy, but norm just, you know, again, you're caught in between a rock in a hard place.
And you got to take sides over there because you work there. You're on the air over there. You can't tell the truth.
You can't repeat on the air what you said to me off the air because that would spoil the whole party. That would ruin all day, all the all day radio.
And I don't care. Then bother me personally. I can handle it. But the only reason I called in there in the organism talking about it today. I'm just not going to see. I believe in setting the record straight and seeing my peace when I feel like it.
Not sitting back and saying, oh, people are muscling me for five years. And now I want to get even know what a good time. I'm going to start taking the abuse. What abuse?
Here's a guy who got dragged out of the closet yesterday kicking and screaming and didn't even do it in a positive way like I tried to do year 16 years ago or whatever 14 years ago.
Didn't even try to do that. It's just like, oh, you want me to say it? Okay. I'm great. Wow. What a statement. That's standing up and being counted. So between Steve and his good buddy Charles peak aka Beto. They accomplished what they wanted.
And the midst of all this all the all day they dragged out of the closet. Big deal. What does it mean? I mean, it's an empty thing at this point. It means nothing.
So what did accomplish? And I want to say something else to I know a lot of people in this business. I have friends who are closet people.
And for their own personal reasons have every desire to remain in a closet. And in some cases, they need legitimate need to be in a closet. Fine. I would never in a million years dream of hinting or saying or suggesting.
Because it's really nobody's business. But when somebody comes on a year week after week and day after day and is sticking one toe in and one toe out one day, the door is open the next day. It's shut. Well, naturally, people are going to joke about it.
I mean, anybody in the audience to whom yesterday's announcement was staggering by Alice. I mean, has to be deaf dumb blind and like an ostrich. Have his head buried in the same. He got to be in a dream world. Not to know by now.
So it's an empty statement. It's meaningless. So don't bring your gay activists on the air lecturing to me about standing up and being counted and not being making.
And in flammatory remarks. Here's the same guy who used to refer to me time and time again as instead of king of talk radio, queen of talk radio. Does that bother me? I think it's funny. All of quite frankly, when Alice says it, it comes across as petulant and bitchy. But I think it's funny. Doesn't bother me.
And who yesterday in the midst of a heated three way debate on the phone contrived call with Steve and Norm and Al.
And the call by saying he's the biggest faggot of them all see. Okay. So in other words, when Al refers to me or anybody as queen or faggot, that's okay. And I'm sure that his good friend Charles Pek has no problem with that.
But if Neil, Neil makes jokes about being a middle age fat queen or something like that, then right away we're going to go after him with a vengeance because he's setting the bad example and kids are going to blow their brains up.
It's ridiculous. It's pathetic. It's sad.
Twenty after four yesterday afternoon and afternoon drive on Florida's talk leader, they played back to back PSAs.
And the host came on and was whining that there wasn't a person on the there wasn't a call on the board. I wonder why maybe all Neil all day ain't going to work.
You know. It's just amazing to me. The paranoia, the pettiness that you see, there's a way to win in this business. That's to compete. Put something on the air that people want to hear.
Be funny, be interesting, be informative, be entertaining, be something. But don't be bitchy. Don't just sit there and why.
Oh, I took this for a foot took what took what? All the other people I take shots at all there. Do we have a line at the doors or anybody up there outside outside upset?
Is Sally out there sharpening up her batteries? I mean, I don't think so. You got to grow up and be a big boy or whatever soon or later.
So Alice, you know, and again, we look at these numbers yesterday and like I said, hey, they just changed format. But the fact is, these been there two months. He's talking about his whole deal is let's talk about Neil and let's tell everybody how bad Rick and suds are. You know what it reminds me of.
It reminds me of the clandestine dinner that I was sucked into with joy rentals and Russ Oasis. Were you here that went out when on when joy was still doing that abortion on Saturday.
Under the guise of some other business deal I get sucked into this dinner and then the whole purpose of the meeting is for me to go to boy Gary and try to get joy after the drive and get Rick and suds fired because they're terrible.
I didn't think they're terrible then I thought they were fine. I think they're fine now. I think the audience loves them. Not the whole audience. They got a big part of my audience loves them. And a lot of people listen to them hate me like poison. That's radio. That's life. That's entertainment. That's your business.
So Steve's got the same mentality that if he keeps coming on repeating it over and over again every day that'll make it a fact and everybody will buy it markets up 30 points.
And it won't. It just won't. I mean there's got to be more stuff. I mean I know we got the urine lady on which I'm sure everybody's probably doing bottoms up like this. All excited about who cares.
In other words you can't I mean I do stuff in the course of a show day in and day out. There are a few people I haven't taken shots. That's part of my stick. That's what I do.
But that's kind of like the adhesive between all the components of whatever we talk about that isn't the whole show. When's the last time I invited somebody on the show for two three four hours to bash somebody. Can you remember in 15 years that I've been on this market. I've never done it.
Can you say the same Steve or Alice? Of course not. Because quite frankly if I want to bash somebody I can do it myself. I don't need to invite somebody else on a pretend that they're doing it.
In addition to which when I take a shot at January last like 30 seconds and I may come back do it a couple of times. That's it.
But we have a new format in a market in Broward County called all Neil radio all day yesterday a guy calls in to Steve says what do you think about the meeting tomorrow?
What meeting? What meeting? In other words we're so and the guy says what are you talking about? He says that you know on the verge of war they're having this big meeting in the middle of the night.
And the middle east. Oh. And again these are the people who rip us because we're supposed to be so mindless and we have no substance and Rick and Sons are silly and their ratings are dropping and bop bop bop.
But in the meantime six days before we might blow the whole world up next Tuesday or shortly thereafter they're talking about Neil Rogers all day.
And what he should say or he shouldn't say any and should he say Alice on the radio that to me is a great topic to take about 15 hours on a year.
With all the things that are going on serious humorous in between Alice it seems to me.
Kind of epitomizes our times isn't that what you're thinking about isn't that what's on your mind? Is Alice?
It's embarrassing. And like I said the other day it's like somebody handed the keys to a radio station to a bunch of Julinos said hey hey go play radio.
And Norm let me tell you're playing radio. I mean you're not on the radio. You're not radio. You just playing it. I mean you're lost. You're like the Titanic struggling at sea.
And I hear Jack smiles calling I've talked to Jack smiles in years these old worn out voices over the edge of a hundred.
Hard eggs and heart breaks heart breaks and heart that's what they got it's like when GBS tried to go talk and they had a signal I have a tremendous signal which is not radio my B 7 10.
And all he had was all the old misfits who had been just tossed out Sam all those craggio voices who would warn them welcome out even with the stations of what like Sandy even Sandy wouldn't talk to him anymore that's saying a lot.
And they all wound up over there with their point eights and point threes in their ministry and you can say ratings don't count but I got news for it.
No ratings mean no audience no audience means no business I mean you can go out with a lot of flash and get some funeral spots on air for wild stuff like that.
But when I hear two PSAs back to back in the middle of afternoon drive. I have to begin to wonder just if all Neil all day is working or not 10 36 at W I O D your ostracized station for the 90s and we'll be right back.
You're not my type 10 38 excuse me at W I O D markets up 32 and a half points just put you up man you will send you over to FTO with Alice.
You know I could like I could do a 20 hours on it's just so amazing the transparency of people are so full of crap.
And just be a crap like it's coming like I said like it's coming out of a broken faucet.
On and on with the stories in the it no credibility whatsoever and another thing you know Steve likes to make this big deal about well Neil won't challenge anybody to his face he's basically a coward and I'll take on anybody and invite people to call it in the bash me and he does the same thing over there they did it in WS he did here for two years whatever was here.
Every time anybody calls and is going to challenge him it's always.
And he hangs up on it you know they're on for like 14 seconds and he does the mouth breathing it then says of course they must be rick and such people it's amazing how many of them are over here.
And some of them are mouth breathing but some of them quite frankly sound like pretty articulate people but as soon as he picks up on the fact that they're not going to jump on the bandwagon it.
You know the same sound I mean at least come up with the new sound.
And he becomes the mouth breather and they disappear.
So I don't like you know back in the days when I did controversy I did that topical crap I had on every religionist every minister every priest to what they let on a show which was many every rabbi I had on tremendous numbers of people disagree we had a lot of great the discussions back and forth.
But Neil is a coward one minute Neil is brilliant woman at Neil is a coward.
Neil is this Neil is that Neil is great Neil is terrible Neil is interesting Neil is boring Neil talks too much about sports but Neil makes sports everything Neil's funny Neil Neil Neil and that's it that's the radio station that they've developed over there.
There's thousand what all Neil all day the messages Neil is interesting we got to talk about him because everybody listens to him and Rick and Sud suck that's their message period nothing else.
Sad.
Now I come with great I don't know how to go into this because I I must again I a lot of things that I omit over the years because I don't want to create a problem and I love horse racing I love harness racing I have all these a per mutual sponsors I love pomp and a park I love Alan Finkelson people up there treat me well.
For years you know you try to tell people certain things they refuse to listen to you and when there are people who have larceny in their hearts and you allow them to keep coming back and stiffing the public I have to I become upset I become very upset or people who put horses out on race tracks that from looking at with the human eye looked like they're okay they warm up okay and then they race like a hot reliance behind the field and people have put their heart in dollars behind the field and they're not going to be a lot of things.
I'm not going to find them it's got to stop and I also want to convey a message by the way because the last two seasons at pop and I love harness racing I've been a fan for 32 years I used to own horses and Detroit I mean I really do love it a lot it's a great sport and there are some tremendous people in it.
In the last two seasons I've singled out kid named Jeff Gregory who drove in upstate New York which is where I'm from I saw him drive in the table in Hamburg for a couple of summers when I went on vacation I read about his success at burning down he done tremendous up there and he had some successes down here.
Jeff you're making a fool yourself you driving horses out there that couldn't that I could that Spencer could be around the track I don't know what what's going on with this kid.
No seriously and I think it's a shame because he's a talented kid but he's taking catch drives on horses that are just no little contendry from the start they start seven lights behind the field and they work their way backward.
And I'm not blaming him for the condition of the horse there was a horse in the 10th race at Pop and O Park last night called Jeff's awesome driven by Jeff Gregory for the first time.
Who won two races ago in 159 and one with a good last quarter 29 and two.
13 days later the same horse came out on a track driven by Don Harmon is an outstanding driver by the way.
Finish 9th distance 9th by 18 lengths at the 3 quarter pole 9th distance would mean like 40 50 lengths behind a field.
And it was a pretty fast time in a race you look at the field you say he was only 6 to 1 in the morning line he's dropping down the company may have a shot in here.
Good driver race is going to go about 2 second slower which it did by the way it went 159 and 2.
Horse started out last backed up at the half to about 15 lengths behind the field by the time they came to the top of the stretch the horse looked like he was from the previous race.
The night before when the lights were out.
Now some of your French Canadian folks out here who put this dead meat on a track bad business.
It's going to stop.
And I'm not just talking about it pop but I'm talking about any of the permute rules okay this kind of stuff is outrageous.
When I watch racing from the metal lands on a satellite a lot of things they do they keep talking about the fact they want to protect the public they keep doing did they want to protect the horse men and the horses in the old.
But they want to protect the public.
Now when you want people to come out get involved in investing their hard earned dollars for sport whatever it is whether it's betting on whatever.
Protecting the public has to be the utmost.
And when you allow people to do these kinds of things.
Spencer you got to close that door okay I'm doing a radio show you got you must close the door because people are talking the hallway.
And I'm being serious about this I didn't lose a lot of money last night while under under a hundred bucks for me that's like winning.
I should be ecstatic I was furious I was like one of those shouting people in the last race.
Because the same trainer puts a horse on a track in the last race.
And when's the last race.
In a race where Richard Kent goes to have in a $1,500 purse in 56 and four.
To park out the favorite even more and I didn't even bet the race so I have no axe to grind.
Fat rich had a bet so I sat around and rooted for him.
56 and four Richard where were you going baby.
He finished 8 by 30 lengths by the way Richard Kent I just thought I'd point that out.
And I ordinarily don't even mention these things because I have friends and the sponsor and all this but there's got to come a time.
Look if you want people to come out if you want to get new people to come out if you want to be enthusiastic cut the crap.
Take people like that haven't come and pick up their papers and get them out of there and cut the crap.
Let's have competition.
And if these things are going to continue to be an insider's game then hey people aren't going to come out and put their heart or a dollar down.
That's all I can tell you.
Anyway did I say anything okay 1045 at W.I.O.D. now all the day lines are lit.
I.O.D. star at I.O.D. is lit. Broward lines wide open so I guess they're probably over there now right.
They probably got what's his name on again. What is his name which one is so good today.
524 W.I.O.D. in Broward 751 and day star I.O.D. on a star line 6555 W.I.O.D. in Palm Beach. North Miami Beach.
What do I know I'm kind of fueling this thing but I'm not out to do that at all there.
You're what I'm kind of I guess I'm kind of feeling I'm not the only I listen just one time over there today and you're right it was everything is said was about you and I.
I didn't want to hear that at all. I want to first move. I moved here on this morning and he's talking about me that seems to be the whole topic of conversation on a radio station.
Are our power lines working by the way.
I've been sitting here waiting for a way I was waiting for you I flipped over there on my radio it barely came in of course but it came in anyway.
And they're already talking about what you said about the ratings five minutes ago I mean that's amazing you know what you said about he's getting you get a nine he gets to he's already talking about that really.
Well I how is he have time to be of catching up with me I was on the year I don't understand that I have no idea I thought it was most amazing thing in the world.
But anyway I was just going to say you know you're I've been here just about a year now they live in Miami and it took me while to get used to your show because I've not used to quite anything like this kind of radio because I came from Texas.
Well it's different it is it is one fine didn't Texas you know I'm gonna talk radio about the one I really enjoy it I'll call you a couple of times but I really enjoy you know I enjoy your stick I enjoy what you do I enjoy you know I've gotten to enjoy your you know your monologue and your you know you got some great comedy and things like that I'm I'm really getting bored with the talking about them I mean you're number one in the market you know let me say this sir let me say this to you okay I make little comments about them I haven't well done them but when they take almost an entire broadcast day yesterday and invited guy I'm to do a hatchet job.
I'm going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
right now now he's not manipulating well he's kind of sitting your
format for the day but i understand you know i'll get my say into that
so back tomorrow you'll back to show and you're saying something great
okay thanks
ten forty eight we have an open line of the all the brown lines are open so i
guess they've got all the brown audience that's good
good job guys all new all day is working five to four of those lines working
and brown
now what is that mean
only line four
i was sitting here with a dead no wonder our phones aren't light enough and
brown we got a dead bunch of a phone
and i'm not so sure that one's working
that's incredible
so i take back what i said about them being a technical disaster
because we have no excuse
this is incredible
let me just try something okay
pambi can't work in either
it is you're on air hold on
okay there are another example remember yesterday we had a guy in a phone
it wasn't lit up in brown
our phone systems all screwed up
now how can isn't interesting how do we have a conversation with people who
know what i'm talking about because the only people here over there in
brown and none of our brown lines are working
follow what i'm saying
these other people in the what the hell i'm talking about
they're thinking what what is what's going on over there
what is this light bulb is talking about we can't even see it's not
even flickering by us
flicker this
remember my friend flicker
but why is it wait a minute well how do you dial it
just a second now here we go here's the bat line let's see why
fine for
yeah you get a busy signal they're all the whole brow bank of lines is dead
now does that come as an interesting bizarre
uh... occurrence
how is that possible
you may get a tone on there but it won't ring you get a busy signal when you
dial it
or hey you know what will ring
oh man it is just a pain is so great i want to go back to the track can we put
a couple more races on bring back that horse from the tenth race i think he's
finishing here he comes
hey hit him Jeff
let's have Roger drive him
hey listen it couldn't be any worse believe me
you remember the horse that Rick shoddrow
that's how this horse was in the uh... what race was it
whatever the hell racer was last night in the tenth race just like that one
in the stretch he wasn't walking he was on his hand and knees
what there's somebody on that line
well how the hell did that happen
are you there
it's i am well how did that happen well you said a few minutes ago you don't
take any crop life to short
yeah okay and is in the same breath you said except from one person i mean
what does it take to get it to get into that one person's class that you said
that you don't discuss
in other words if somebody pressures you that much better let me say this
to you i heard your call this morning with norm can
i had a cold or can you did i heard you call this morning don't waste your time
with me okay
don't waste your time
let me say it again this radio station is company spent hundreds of thousands
of dollars
in legal fees
i took two years of crap and we decided that point we weren't going to take it
now if you want to do it
i'll be more than happy off the air to give it the gentleman's name phone number
in address all of it is in the directory and you can start up okay you can make
yourself into a martyr we choose not to do it
ten fifty two at w i d one of those people who hasn't considered low jack because
you'd rather have a car alarm
well let me ask you that i am amazed southern bell continue setting new lows in
the history of broadcasting and communication
the uh... michael's me that the phone system all over the building is uh... screwed up
now we got broard uh... calls coming in but they won't flash but they're
actually people on them so they will work i don't know why cuz when i
dialed it was done busy and it was nothing going out so well fumble our way
along as we're used to used to doing
uh... broard hello hello
yes
uh... i know i've been trying to last twenty minutes to get up to get to what were
you getting
uh... i was getting busy single senate was hanging up and uh...
it's kind of weird stuff
now thanks a lot southern bell nice work
right exactly
they're the worst they really are
yeah i got to this for fifteen years in this town all the different stations
i've worked at
and what they do to people are they ought to be hung for what they did it
and then these people talking about you and everything else i think you
great and
i'm not looking i'm not looking for people to call and say i'm great
i do very well here i got a big loyal audience which is why they're talking
about me all day because they want to siphon off that audience right and uh...
hey it's his transparent like i've always said with steve his whole
act is his transparent is looking for a panic last right exactly
and they haven't got anything better to do than talk about you
and they very much friends or anything now
okay like this
when i try to call us before you talk about somebody else okay have a nice day
let's go to my any hello
uh... yeah
uh... this one uh... like it
i'm beginning with a dot in this weekend and i just want to if you think we
should
i'm beat them and there's no
if we should be that we have we should be them okay sixty nothing
my army
yes
okay
i just uh... like one of the very first callers i think
let's get about them the better
those things giving them
oh hey listen i don't i don't want to answer think we got to talk about them for
four hours today i just said my peace and i also talked about a couple of
the things i'm not going to just sit and not respond like some kind of a jelly
fish okay
we're talking about a bitchie silly person over there who can't go on a year
in compete and do a job and get an audience so his whole thing is got to be
well the excuses i was muzzled for five years and he picked on me like a
little kid in the sandbox it's embarrassing
it's embarrassing
you keep doing what you're doing we enjoy it okay thanks
ten fifty eight
what do we got a rickens and of course uh we know that rickens are juvenile and
sophomore and their ratings are down to seven but guess what they're doing great
and you know what i looked at the fall numbers as compared to last year
and they're the same as they were last year when mr ego was here from us to the
book
and in the interim they've been a lot better than what he had last summer
a lot better so what are we talking about
again talk is cheap anybody can go on here so you don't want to talk with
caramel ice cream with sucks you go out and you taste the thing this is great
because somebody says it doesn't make it so
news from around a planet top ten of trash headlines with rickens putt this afternoon
raid Bentley linebacker the buffalo bills would be the guest on sports talk
tonight at six o'5 and Hank Goldberg eight to eleven tonight
bigger than life more ways than one by the way Hank's leaving kind of a
smarmy messing you know sat in the morning oh man get reneary back in here so
Roger has to clean it up anyway who we got if we got that good old Hank
Henry Barrow who gave us the courage to win that game on Saturday against
Kansas City Henry's here with eleven o'clock news we'll come back on all bitchy
radio at eleven o' five stick around it's gonna get a lot worse
hit him again come on whip him one more time Jeff
oh
news talk radio six ten w i o d present the Neil Roger show
get in touch and talk with Neil dial seven five one w i o d from day in
brown or did five two four w i o d
Palm Beach six five five w i o d and bell top mobility customers make it a
free call by dialing star i od the opinions expressed by the guest
host of colors are not necessarily those musicians now here's Neil
Rogers a new dog radio six ten w i o d yeah it sure does i'll show you a place
to fit it oh excuse me Henry it's eleven o' six
haha Henry would you clean up your act no I can't
I really can't well give it a shot anyway the phones are working out look at
Chuck Meyer running up and out all he's doing aerobics now or what what a
maniac do you see that god he must be trying out for the pirates you play for
a spade he could be for a space and second base and third base and all the space
in between that was brutal so the phones are working out we got a couple of
calls on air like four it's not too exciting i get the feeling and correct me if
i'm wrong i mean feel free to call in and be programmed or i don't think our
audience is interested in any of this crap you know it and maybe that one guy
was right maybe i got sucked in to a whole bunch of stuff and we have
possible i made a lot of mistakes like coming in this morning was one
but even so i'm still gonna say my piece okay it's just because i feel it's
appropriate and i want to say and i said it that's it
uh... we have two open lines in brown at five two four w i o d one and
pombi six five five nine four six three six five five bitchie
waterhill hello yes sir yeah i was listening yesterday
to your good friend over there and he says that you have no balls and that you
are covered you hide behind the microphone yeah well speak up sir i can't hear
all i'm sorry but you're put up
yeah he said you hide behind the microphone which which good
name which good friend is this which good friend is this
uh... alice okay right yeah and that you um
you want to you want to face anybody's conscious to face to
him you're born you have no balls but then you don't right and then you know
i i couldn't take that anymore i went over to the other
went back to you and your music is that you were saying that he had no balls
well it's kind of a shortage now to be honest with as a matter of fact uh... we're
gonna see if we can't uh... send mail order for a couple but we're working on it
you're more butch than some of the more butch than some of the more and there were
a couple of bb's in it that was about the best we could do
and then um i don't know if you're right i just wanted to make one comment is this
is the phones all working now because this is a really weak start okay we just
turned off the whole audience and we'd like to self-destructed here no when i
go to the right place is that what it holds that
they're not working they're all still all screwed up see now i feel better
because if there's an excuse for it i can understand but after going through such
a melodramatic first hour if the phones were working and i get shined then i
got to feel like uh... hey you know i'm playing with my marbles or my
no it doesn't ever get away working because i want to play well you remember
Humphrey bogeyard and can you certainly see that movie
i think so but i was young when i saw captain of the ship and he was looking for
the strawberries and he was crazy to make it roll in those steel balls oh yeah right
so you got to hang out of those balls pal otherwise it's like a security blanket
all i see and of course if somebody takes him away man you're really upset
yeah my dogs have been talking to me about that too lately but well maybe you could
get some wooden ones there you go
Neil keep doing what you're doing don't give them notes
cutthard i can if i leave brood county i can't hear the stupid idiots i know that's
why i feel bad because people in date county need an interpreter kate can come
in here and interpret he knows what's going on up there can it open to come in
from our sales department and do a little number on steve
the sales they're good buddies yeah well he's not so and he's talking about steve
hey listen have a great day sir and just remember four hundred years from now
who the hell give a crap right that's correct see a good point i think well i
said it it's eleven oh nine at w i o d be sure pass that along over there so
out can repeat it it's eleven oh nine at uh... w all Neil all day
we have an open-ended broward fight are they working out
see i think what you need to do is pick them up once in a while instead of talking
to kt
who's in there disturbing our radio show
well we're having a little phone problem this one i'm not trying to get picky
but the phone something like watch hello hello see there's somebody on here
wasn't ring i told you jackass oh not you sir how are all Neil uh-huh how
you're doing okay this is your rages from the gold ocean
how you doing joe yes listen to you wait a minute hold on sir i want you
personally to go over and tell alan thinkkelson if that horse ever runs again at
pop it up park i'm gonna burn it to the ground go get the joe time bomb he
he'll take him in hell i'll come on kt butchup well yeah people are starting to talk
what is it listen uh-no
pop bitches open is it working six five five w i d try it try it it might work
yeah joe a nail hello yeah i'm here don't panic
i'm not panicking you want to hear briefly yeah your friend steve pain is panicking
i think he's losing his investment with that station his investment what was that you know he
always baseball cards i already had to give uh king paul like fourteen Jose can suckos to get in
front i think it gave him his fifty thousand dollars i think i've got to have his
severance pay oh wouldn't that be you know that you see i sure hope he had louis
crow don't go down the tubes together wouldn't that be desperate i think he's going down the drain
because i have i don't hear much advertising on here hit the funeral parlor a couple of car
spots i heard psa's in drivetime that's a bad sign you know bad sign in the beginning a lot of
flash there we thought he was selling up a storm but i think it was mostly as usual uh lots of bs
he tried to pull a promotional thing i know cash i hope he didn't suck you in on it okay sir
well we don't want to we don't want to get personal have a great day joe thank you you bet
eight times don't call again call over there it's eleven after eleven at w i o d we have an open
line and broward five two four now the lines are cooking aren't they now we've got a morgan and guess
what just when we get they're not w i o d you hold on see it wasn't even play these boulders
screwed up i don't want to get excited but southern bell sucks
to hell with the light bulb radio and how with the horses that can't walk let's do four hours on
southern bell what was that about what what what happened
w i o d hey this plantation hold on please you okay yeah you sure you happy today i'm happy i got
okay thank god you know who this is no okay hold on uh twelve minutes
god thank god for southern bell kind of breaks it up a little bit doesn't it
boy just don't understand what the hell it's going on maybe they need to loan over there maybe
we ought to call up uh Larry Nixon and see what he's smoking this week uh twelve minutes past
eleven at w i o d you're happiness station we're pretty upset though because we are
what is the word oh i'm sorry we are ostrich size
as a place in the land down under far away from
don't have it eleven fourteen at w i o d look at that a couple lines dropped off during the break
those lines are so screwed up aren't they it's unbelievable
oh that one's working i can't believe it w i o d yeah i'd like to speak to nale please
okay hold on please real tight w i o d hello
go connect to the new police what is it oh is this new hold on uh this was plantation right
yes that way how you doing i'm doing pretty good great what is f t l and southern bell
collaboration f p l and that's pretty funny floor to tower in light that's a terrible yeah i don't know
what's going on so what's up sir what can we do you for today 45 minutes ago i wanted to call up
and say uh still let these guys get you down but uh i'm not down at all i'm just saying my
peace that's all i mean this guy oh we can't take it in condition that's a bunch of crap i've
been taking crap from people for since the day i sat down in this godforsaken town okay
i would have let a bunch of slime ball what is it you put a step up a lip okay keep it stiff pal
love him 15 at w i o d that's what uh sofia copula said isn't it is not what she said in the movie keep
a stiff upper lip and lower lip and cheeks i don't want to go i mean she's she's what she is okay
w i o d nale hi hi how are you okay what do you sound so depressed about because now they're
insulting us on uh the big app over there insulting who all your listeners oh yeah yeah and your
sponsors as well oh yeah and i take offense to that well we don't have as many uh i'll tell you one
thing if we all died i guess to be happy because man knows funeral spots that's uh that's over it's
that he's the instigator in this whole thing i hate him like poison nale but what differences
are make i mean they're not make no they've been on for what nine days and they're already flailing
around desperately like little kids screaming for attention because they got no act you see on the
one hand he wants to say that we're the silly station we're for the mindless we're buff your
over your suds morath and on the other hand there were they were going to be the the alternative the
real talk station but they realize of course that that crap went out that went out with high button
shoes nobody cares about it except nine hundred year old people w snows went under they're doing
like a one with radio memories and so they're really in limbo they got nowhere to go so that's why
they're flailing around desperately talking about me and hopes that just maybe somebody can hear him
and we'll get a few people at which we have you know and i think you gotta send me a check for it
he's pathetic that's the word and lie man is guy i mean whether it's about ratings whether it's about
and you know he just uh oh they're raised wrapped in half and uh you know Steve sitting over
there he's been there two months he's got a one three Bob Gordon who's been there for a million
year was there for million years in a morning who's not a bad guy but you know mediocre talent
had a one five in the morning playing uh barber strison and frank sanitary okay
i mean let's face it that ain't when you've already been in the market before and you make this
comeback and i'll give them all a play that i've given them there should be a little something more
happening and when all the demographics are sixty five plus and you hear ninety percent of the
caller sound like uh muthusla on a bad day i don't think there's like a great case going on over
there okay well i agree i as matter of fact i called yesterday afternoon and i wanted to
e-s for opinions on the show by called and he cut me off at the quik and yeah he's just you mean
Steve yeah did he go exactly and he said everybody you know here's the guy who claims everybody
else is a coward and he thinks it's real gutsy to bring people out and do this contrived
controversy and scream and yell and go out to dinner with him that night at uh burden jacks
but at the bottom line it's all phony because as soon as anybody calls and after 20 seconds of
taking issue or showing that you disagree it's the same you must be a rickinson and then you're
gone exactly he cut me off what is that it's what is it he doesn't have a show that's what it is
it is crap meal about them dolphins hmm i'm excited oh we are pumped to say believe yeah well anyway
now you know something winner lose even if we get our tails beat which could happen but i hope not
but he won't really it's just been such a good experience and for those people out i feel sorry for
people who don't even understand the experience of being a fan of anything more than just a book you
know i mean it's so crash and so stupid but again it's part of that same thing if Neil says this
than the other one says you know this is so high meal this and meal that's who you know i don't
want to hear i'm like i said i'm embarrassed by people want to hear Neil can listen tended to on
w i o d and if they have nothing else to offer but talking about me why don't they just give me all
the other time i'll do some spots make some extra money on the side and and that'll be it okay
the whole key is when you're on top they want to knock you down that's what the point is you know
like Alice been on opposite me before couldn't compete ran off into another time slot like a little
coward which is basically what he is he's a limp and when his own people over there call him a
wimp and when he comes out with his bitchy crap yesterday like a little pet you'll in child oh i've
been picked out and now i'm getting even as really the essence of what it's all hey fine so you're
even uh what does that mean there you go where's the audience where's the signal where's the
business where's anything the same place it was on w snow nowhere radio death okay Neil looking
forward to Saturday amen i'm just gonna give us something else to get excited about try to play
the song today if you can you mean Miami talk okay there you go have a good one i'll try but you
know what Henry says no i can't i really can't have a great day by meal 20 after 11 on your
psychotic station 6 10 w i o d where it's happening where it's a sport and if you don't believe it will
make it into one we'll have Rick weaver do a play by play or even if you're really not nasty did
i just see Jeff walk down the hall now he's a wonderful guy you didn't have food in his hand today
you don't have food oh for George okay because my newtra system arrived today and i can assure you
as a walking example of what not to look like i mean i am a cow
well no i just thought i was sitting in here what do you mean i'm on the air of course i'm on the
air Jeff what the hell do you think this is the Steve Greenberg show did you see the day he had the
elephant droppings on the anus and was sniffing them in the middle of the six that was the most
disgusting thing and he also had mentioned that Dave game had been there before and i don't know if
there's a connection but i got to tell you that Steve that was a pretty embarrassing Steve Greenberg
channel six and we thank him for his check by the way what is that you're going to be disappointed
i appreciate it but somebody beat you to it so my friend Jim gave fat rich the tape brought it over
to me at the track last night but i mean hey i'm sure somebody i appreciate the sentiments and you
were coming anyways and i don't feel bad you're coming to bring George his three lunches but i
appreciate it is always your great american okay it's 21 after 11 we'll be right back
1124 at wiod phones are and Jeff made a good point he said if the phone calls are actually getting
through to here and like lines aren't lighting a difference that's not southern bell that's
internal that's the in-house phone systems all screwed up so let's stop blaming my good friends at
southern bell right i don't care who we blame let's blame somebody what the hell good is life if
you can't blame somebody oh yeah that'd be great we have an open line of date if it's working 751
one and brown at five two four wiod carol city yeah hold on thank you i'm holding
yeah what's up dude how you doing hey this is blue for my you oh jeez where are you blue
how my home from fiu getting ready to go to school yeah blue i got to be honest with you you're
supposed to come to a remote of ours at charcoals was it yeah that was my birthday never showed up
no but you're just all all flashing no cash well that's what she said last night yeah no but
seriously that was my birthday and when i got to work the night before who in drinking and stuff
yeah i know i'm stuff mostly in stuff i got a short story for you yeah bet the story short too uh-huh
oh my friend uh my friend Gilbert he works at calder valley parking your friend Gilbert yeah not
any Gilbert we know he never gets you though a different Gilbert well and that's because Eric
parks my car i called her sir Eric is a great American Eric parks your beautiful Corvette
that is correct because i trust Eric implicitly and i love him with a passion just a joke Eric
right but my friend Gilbert what is it my friend Gilbert works with Eric yeah and uh he said
to speak he said he always wants to get you with an hurricane really yeah i hope he plays his cards right
so Neil um i was listening to the tv yesterday yeah and i heard that they're coming up with you
know like do new series of old tv shows yeah they're coming up a new series the new three
stages and it's going to be starring our senior hall tim macchair and jim berry what do you think about
that blue yeah have a great life no wait wait what well you got to come up with something better than that
it hasn't come out yet yeah well put it away he's the king of the king of the king of the king
come on blue what's up well i'm going getting ready now uh you're you have a big audience if i you
do i yeah i got news for the way this phone is today i don't think i got a big audience anywhere
i mean a phone uh this system is just a nightmare and it's not sudden balance inside this screwed up
place so i apologize to any other radio station in america anything i would say about technical
diffugalities i apologize because we are in disgrace the stations only been here 65 years and we
still can't get it right right lu you can get it you reckon that blue yeah we'll see you
that poor lu he's somebody given a rector set when he was a little kid and he's been working
out of ever since and still can't we have an open line in the brown word five two four and two
of them in date seven five one w i o d seven five one nine four six three starline hello
good morning yes sir i just wanted to tell you that i think that you are absolutely right when
you say that this whole thing is juvenile which makes me wonder why you seem to be you sir try to
will clean up your act a little bit with i'm sorry i apologize uh why do you give
airtime to it i mean let me let me let me let me let me say it again you asked a question you want
an answer yeah because i'm not going to let somebody do a three hour hatchet job on a air
without responding to it doesn't care doesn't listen to it i don't care who or what or when or how
you conduct your business with uh after ten to two you are uh an entertainer you entertain me
i like you enjoy you and whatever you do after that is your business well i already first of all
that isn't the issue the issue is with how what i say on the air was the issue and people trying to
tell me how to say it what i should say and i'm harming people all this other crap but i already
said at the beginning of the sour that i probably made a mistake by wasting all that time because
this audience doesn't give a crap about any of that okay they listen to the show to be entertained
to have a good time they don't give a flying crap about any of that you're probably right i already
said that well then okay then but you want to perpetuate the conversation you realize that
for you 90 minutes into your show and still harping out because you just called about it
last guy lu from fiu was talking about uh pig me son of moon about your other crap he didn't
make any reference to it you know you don't even know about it he can't pick it up okay and you're
bringing it back oh i'm sorry so ask not what your talk coach can do for you but look in the mirror
because you brought it back up as they said at the bad restaurant right have a great life you too
what are you eating in there what a pig if you're gonna eat spaghetti do it under the counter
because like i said that i'm telling you i'm gonna be gonna become militant on this food thing i
mean it my blood sugar this morning was and isn't it interesting that Stanley dancer was there i
didn't talk to him but he was there at poppano last night i thought it was gonna have another stroke
when i went home i was so i i was so aggravated when i left there last night i wanted to just blow
my brains out just spill them on the table like clemenza
for like called Michael corleone and meeting him at louis in the Bronx are those
daylines working those two that are dead there seven five one check them out when in doubt check
them out because i'm getting real surly not really i just got the program from last night don't
forget christmas list by the way friday night and the 10th race in our 6th 10th and that's when we
know it's gonna be trying like crazy every week thank god for christmas list right and joe pay
you a junior and by the way joe i'm sorry you got parked at the half and 56 and four last night
the last race by ritchard can't who is coming across the line right now that was an outrage
man can just sit there in a two hole get himself a perfect trip maybe even pick up a check in that
race no he's out there 56 and four pukin and slashing and whipping Richard out of boy hit him again
hit him again Richard i'm starting to sound like those guys up at culler you know what and i enjoy it
in fact i take back everything i said about i'm gonna start being the same when i go to the
if you go out there and you're gonna spend your hard earned money and uh you know play a
shoot a fish at a barrel somewhere the least you can do is scream and yell i have a good time
i used to do that years ago and then i became real docile after they took away my steel
uh let's see let's take a call in plantation is it plantations always like touch and go hello
hello how you doing all right good morning to you when is the is yeah uh well first you out of
the sack eight you sound like you still are just some of the she's i just got off work i'm getting ready
to go really go to the old sack yeah i did i was first thing at night like 90 percent of your
listeners we haven't heard any of the other side exactly i'm you know i got sucked into a big thing
by still i'm glad i said it because i wanted to say it there's a segment of the audience out there
that got sucked into it with two of them and i've said it and it's out there and screw them okay
let's do our thing market is up 37 points now doesn't affect me i know hey when you're a shlipper
like we are who the hell cares about the market well when the money is out there on a track at
pop and o who cares about the market you got me i got it Jeff come on whip him one more time that's it
i got it today you got me out the highly uh and when when you were doing that thing out there trying
to save that yeah that was fun and it was fun and i had a real good time i want a lot of money
during that period of time too during those a few days they raised with close up any i came up and
said hi and told you my daughter had it every race out at highly right that's right i remember it
and i was there at pop and o for breeders crown night and hey pop and o is great and i love the
sport but are just a few apples out there that they ought to turn into road apples put them on a
highway center back to Quebec and get them and their horses far far away i'm serious i'm too stupid
to build that and i went out there and had a lot of fun and sweet i went on the best night i could i can't
well unless you know the better well breeders crown you can't miss that's great that's top
night yeah we did we had a lot of fun for that i don't think Richard can't will be driving into
breeders crown or Jeff Gregory for that matter Jeff if you don't put you up a little bit poor
what's going on with that kid man i'm i don't want to cry but that's you know yeah that's why
if you read a lot of the way i figured i think he graduated the donald brainer at school
of driver the people been out there that long they're just so you so used to all the losing
they're they don't know about it anymore they're out there just and i don't either i just go to
have a good time to smooth with fat rate and Alan fickle sin smoke goods cigar here
where do you have money here comes the bunny there goes your mind i got to i got to pick a
bone with you about that you got to start on the weekends right Friday nights is my night's
while Friday night is the night that he's racing this Friday night sir
but you just started the night from signing up to the middle of the week
well i'm sorry sir but i'm sorry i didn't consult with you first if i would have talked
you i would have done that he'd erased every night every Friday when it was convenient for you
well we'll do that next time i'll come out Friday okay please i've had it goodbye
well we'll do that we got it now i've been a season take it holders for the dolphin
area go 1969 yeah no i can't really can't yes you can put him back in it i might
see i'm not i can't say i'm a football fan yes you can i'm a dolphin fan yes you can i've been
a dolphin but i don't care about any other teams i go to see the dolphins and i've borrowed the
dolphins and spend it since i've been listening to you i've started turning into a baseball fan
there you go never cared about baseball but i just listen to you well i won't be long now just a few
weeks before spring training in the smell of jockstraps will permeate the air from coast to coast
from mace air was owner lakeland florida all those jock nippers get be alert
and fun and you got me interested in it well thank god for that sir and go back to sleep
i i'm coming along okay well we all are anyway thanks for all the fun and i have
as they say in plantation sir we'll all meet someday in the end have a great time i'll see you out
okay see you audios someday wow
oh
just
you know you
if we know you silly
You made another resolution, well you said
You're gonna stop the exercise
You made a total blood transfusion
Because you know
You do one push up and you're done
No I can't, I really can
But if you keep sucking down cases of big color
You'll be the first person who's given his own zip code
Because you know you're getting old
I'm playing, you're the same way you're getting old
You're playing over my door
You're fast over the wall
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Wow, I bet you can't top that
No I can't, I really can
It's 1136 at WI ostracized D
And we be coming right back
1139, you know what I was really gonna get into today
I wanted to get into Elvis today
So to speak, see with me I prefer if they're at least still a little warm
But yesterday, guiding light was traumatic
And Riva is evidently still alive
And they saw this crowd on the screen in Italy
And some travelogue
Oh there she is, there's Riva in the middle of 400 people
And anyway, it was really traumatic
And then at four I usually turned over to Channel Four
And they had that personalities
And then that other those real flash shows
With all the asmarm into personalities and the scanlec cramp
And all the thing about was like Elvis
Because Rick and Spud did that two-year student name
For like a good part of the show was the Elvis cramp
And I was thinking now when I was coming back from vacation on the plane
I read that the paperback book by Albert Goldman
About the day Elvis died and last day in all the drugs and all those cramp
But they were showing these women
And even now when you're all like there were tears and all that kids
And then he's died
And you know all these investigations about his death and about the drugs and did he commit suicide
I don't understand it
I think there are more people in this country who are obsessed and fascinated with the death of Elvis Presley
Than about the assassination of President Kennedy for example
Does that give you a good idea where this country is coming from?
I'm serious I mean you know he was a rock star
He was good looking when he was young he was grotesque when he was older
But you know in it like this music some of it
But I mean she's and these women
These hopeless, lifeless, pathetic
And they still right up there to Graceland and they sit on the lawn
And they like Allison wonder than they're crying
They're floating away in their tears
What is that all about?
Aren't you about Elvis down?
Look at him a little bit old
You just send me cash
Get on the dial
Your tank is square
Okay, you're a ranch
I got a fruit taken some plants, paint
I'll bet
Where clip is for my nose
An old bottle of old spice
For a dead I get a hose
He wrote a fondant
Returns a sentence
Who needs his junk?
Or this is Christmas?
Or really stars?
He wrote a fondant
Returns a sentence
Don't need to be rude
But this Christmas
I got screwed
Returns a sentence
Okay back in the box
1143 at WIO Dam, it is getting a little bit old after a while
You know? Let him rest in peace
By the way remember the lady you called in and started that whole thing
And I'm not going to talk about it anymore but this big phony feud
And she was giving us the spy report
And one of the things that was allegedly said
Was about Blue Lagoon
With Christopher Rankins and Brook Shields
Which definitely one of the great movies in the history of film
I can't believe Cosper didn't mention it the other day
And Paradise with Williams and Phoebe Cates not bad either
But anyway I was reading yesterday
At last night as a matter of fact I opened up the oldest crap somebody sent here in the mail
Return of Blue Lagoon is being filmed as we speak it is coming in 91
They did a nationwide search for this phenomenal looking young couple
Who are going to be out there scantily clad
And probably a few times in a movie not clad at all
And they make Brook Shields and Christopher Rankins look like Henry Barrow and Elena Tor
Now that's bad. Did I say that? That was cruel
Can you guys ever forgive me for that?
No I can't. I really can't
Come on
But seriously I mean they are you are no matter what you like
Believe me fishbowl or any other ball I mean they are incredible
I don't even think they're for real they must be like dummies or something
People look like that usually are
It's 1144 at WIOD and let's go to Miami
Hello
Flowneel
Yes sir
How are you doing? I'm doing it
You're doing it
How about you? You doing it?
I'm doing it
Well that's good
I just have one question for you
What's a question?
How can a man look at another man's hairy butt and find love?
Check with your proctologist, okay sir?
It was Adam and Eve
1144 at WIOD it's another one of our Cuban listeners spies from WQBA
We have an open line in Dade County 7519463
And of course we know about all those macho Cubans right?
Yeah
We're a bunch baby
Give me a kiss
And we have an open line in Palm Beach 6559463
You show me a Latin who isn't bisexual
And I'll show you pimples on Fidel Castro's butt
Anyway let's go to Pompo-no hello
Yeah I see you don't know what that means
And I don't either was purposely ambiguous so you can make out of it whatever you like
Yes sir?
Yeah I miss the part of your show where you were kind of apprehensive
What is speak up sir? Speak up don't be a coward get right to it
What I'll say I miss the part of your show about where you were
Your commentary about what happened to track you last night
What happened?
What happened to me?
Yeah
Oh no it's not just a comment about last night it's a comment in general
And for years I have been urging Alan Finkelson to tell some of our French Canadian trainers and drivers and horse people
Not to come back to Pompo-no park and to stay where the moon don't shine up there at Blue Bonnets and elsewhere
Because when they come down here it is a disgrace what is put before the public
There was a horse
Well this isn't the only one or a couple of others
But last night there was a horse in the tenth race called Jeff's Awesome
He broke down
No it didn't break down
Oh that's the one that got distance last time
Last time he had won the time before in 59 and 1 with an outstanding last quarter
Right
And last night was dropping down was only 6 to 1 in the morning line
When off I think about 13 to 1 which isn't like 99 to 1 he had a shot
You figure to be in there you knew the race would be slower
Race went to 59 and 2 which he had won a couple of weeks ago in 59 and 1
When they went to the half he must have been 20 lengths behind but when they came to the stretch
He was like in the next race in other words he was like in a post parade for the next race was coming out
That's when he finished about 8 minutes later
400 light he did not make a break didn't break down
He just was walking on his hands and knees and I would suggest to the emister Finkelson
That horses that perform like that one should be forced to qualify before we're asked to indulge our harder and dollars to support tangibles
Support again
Well they usually are but I noticed that that used to be a pretty good race horse
Jeff's Awesome
I mean you know secretary used to be a good race horse too but I don't think he's going to be running an aqueduct today
You know he's not in good shape
He's kind of like this one dead
And you're right about pavy he got parked out pretty good in that last race
Well I'm not talking about pavy I'm talking about Richard Kent with the three horse which had the 2-0
40 to 1 had no chance to win the race
The horse is never going to happen 56 and 4 in his life
And was just puking and whipping for the sole purpose of keeping pavy and then I even money favorite part
I didn't even bet the race but I mean it was just a boarded and then the Richard Kent horse finishes 30 lengths behind
Doesn't that bother you sir?
Yeah I noticed that
If he sits the 2-0 trip he might even get finished second he might get sucked along get a pretty good trip
And all he accomplished was finishing last by 30 lengths
Neil let me ask you the effect
You put a lot of credence on the drivers
But in a lot of those races they're all catch drivers they're all good drivers
What does that mean?
Well don't you think that the drivers only as good as his mouth?
In some cases
I'm going to say it again Kevin Wallace who got three days for a little interference suspension
But Kevin Wallace is the best driver on that track bar none so don't ever forget that
He can drive circles around those people
Okay?
I happen to think Peter Reynolds
Let me say this to you again
Kevin Wallace is the best driver on that track
And if you've noticed Peter Reynolds performances since coming back since he isn't getting my Gorshi's horses
Media ochre, Tenonix and Pizza Good Driver
Not in Kevin Wallace's class anymore
Okay? Trust me when I tell you
Okay I'll bet on Kevin Wallace
Okay
1148 at WIOD
I'm glad we got that settled so easily
That's what I like
Somebody agreeable for a change
We have an open line indeed
Maybe we'll get a call today from Renee and they don
The trainer of Jeff saw some last night
Good little update on the condition and maybe we'll get a call from the stewards to see if he's crossed the finish line yet
There's an open line a day
I started to say that moments ago before my harness racing hysteria got me wrapped up in a fever
751 I can't finish the race
And one in Palm Beach
655 stiff
655 WIOD
And we'll be right back
1151 at WIOD
We have an open line a day
You know what I need to do?
I need to get that sports section that you're reading right now
Because we have no papers in here and Phil Saltsman will be calling won't he and be bugging me
So I'd rather beat him to the horses, but today so to speak
And the thick and other loser like that parsimonious we had yesterday that's also still
Here he comes
Hit him, Herbie
Here he is going to make it
Okay
Better late than never
Right Ian?
How are you doing, dear?
What do you want?
I don't know just to say
You know I got to be honest with you we got an Ian Spireyport
Kelvin who's a great guy
Came to the track to call her Friday for our remote showed up supported us was enthusiastic
He said he is not out here because he's really pissed off in you because what you said about the hurricanes
I thought that was childish in the
Wait a minute
Wait a minute can I finish my statement and then you can correct me?
Sorry
I thought it was childish and depressing
Are you finished?
Yes
Okay that's not the reason I need to show up
But I did disagree with you
But I wouldn't show up
Well I see some other words if you don't agree with everything that I say that
See now reconcets can take comfort in understanding why you're so fickle
Because as soon as somebody says something you don't agree with then
Up yours is that Ian?
That's not why I only wish
That's not why I didn't show up
I had a work with my dad
But I guess what we somehow survived isn't that incredible?
Yes but well, what can I say about Kelvin?
Here's my horse and the first race ladies and gentlemen
Angel mine with early fires strikes again
Striking terror in the hearts of parametrile players from coast to coast
Angel mine in the first
Go ahead I'm sorry
Okay, so it wasn't your next remote anyway first of all
I had a Gulf Stream at some some time in February
We don't have a day we're postponing the one we were going to have on the 25th
Because it was too soon after called or would have been a little bit a little bit horse racing intensive
Don't you think?
Yes, I'm there
One thing about Kelvin though
You know how Alice came out of the car yesterday?
Yes, ma'am
Kelvin hasn't announced me later on this week
Really?
And that's all right
I sure hope he's sitting on my knee when he makes it
I don't know, the other day we were out
You don't know?
He started talking how he wants to grow a tail long and blonde
That's all I got now
How about on his head?
No, one thing about ratings deal about Steve came
If you ever went away like to New York for a couple months like he did and came back
You knew your ratings would blow his away
Like you would, no matter where you are, you would have a more than a 1.3
Can I say this to you?
Okay
The fact that Mr. Ego was in New York talking about Neil Rogers on the year and the morning on WABC
Having the urine lady in the same old chronic guests on
Indicates to me that he has a very limited repertoire as in
Mouth breathers
I mean that's not having a clever debate or sparring with the caller
Okay, I'm not talking about mouth breathers and there are some of those
I'm talking about people who sound relatively intelligent who have a different point of view
And as soon as they spend about 20 seconds saying that maybe they enjoy Rick and Sards
Or anything that takes a different point of view
That's it, that's the repertoire. There are three things and all the rest is strictly filler
It's Uncle Neil is this and Uncle Neil says that and Uncle Neil is great and Uncle Neil stays
That's number one far ahead of all the others. Number two is Rick and SUDSUCK
And everybody's coming over here, that's number two. And number three is
Tied in usually with number one or number two, okay?
That's it and I think number one and number two are a very good apropos in this case
Have you got it, Ian? But I thought you were the guy that was giving me a big song and a dance just the only weeks ago
About how you were so excited he was back
You remember? Come on, you're a pickle, you're a pickle pickle and you're a biker
You're like a butterfly in a heat and...
But Rick and SUDSUCK started getting into them a lot more, I guess
Well we don't want to get into them
Okay and one thing, if the dog was good at Super Bowl in Tampa
Yeah, would you go? Are you kidding me? Of course I would go
You got how you would you got to take...
I'd take Rick Weaver's spot
Oh, okay. And one more thing about ratings, how did QAM versus WROD do in the sports talk, Rick?
Oh, geez, I got all this stuff here but I never thought anybody would ask to ask today
Well, we don't have the hour by hour, the book won't be in for a couple days, I can give you seven in midnight
Okay, that's what I think
I know 12 plus seven in midnight, IOD had a three which was...
No, that's not right, that was 25 to 50, we're just a second, just a second
Well you're a pain Ian, you really are her
I'm sorry
You're a pain in the ass
Sometimes I can't do you
Like crap, okay, here we go
Thank you
Night time, seven in midnight, 12 plus, WROD had
Where the hell are we? Boy, are we on this page even?
We had a three three up from a two nine, Hank is moving up
He was only on a part of that thing, we're increasing your night
And WQAM, seven in midnight had a 1.2 down from a one five
Uh-oh
Uh-oh, here comes the money, there goes your money, no more meds
Okay
Is that an answer your question?
Yes, I appreciate it
Ian have a wonderful life and as soon as Calvin's ready for the announcement, believe me, we are ready for him
You guys have an exclusive
Okay
Talk to you later
Have a good day
It's 11.56 at WIOD, boy do I feel great today now that I left my contribution to the breed last night, here's a starline mobile in Fort Lauderdale
Dale, when is this?
Hey, I was just wondering, since I am on the starline
And all those crappy mobile phones called in, I was wondering how does this radio phone sound
Radio phone?
Yeah, well, yeah
So other phones, so it's radio waves, and we're around 800 meg
Yeah, but just the way you put that it was like so pseudo intellectual, I was incredible, very technical
Yes, well how does it sound?
Crapie
11.57, I was okay, I just wanted, he just wanted that
Why do you always put on West Palm Beach, it sounds like Big Al from Boka
Are you Big Al from Boka?
Hello
Hello
Is this Big Al?
Oh, this ain't Big Al, this is Big Jim
Okay, hold on Jim, same difference
Oh, is this Jim?
Yeah
Is this our ticket, the plundry?
Yeah, this is a ticket, Jim
Chicken, Jim
Take it, take it, Jim
Chicken, Jim?
Take it, Chris, first Jim
Hey listen, don't let Marlon Brando get a hold of you Jim, do you hear that story?
Okay, I'm sorry, how you doing?
I can, no, I didn't hear this story, why'd you tell me?
No, I don't want to tell you, do not on the ear, so what's going on Jim?
Well, I'm gonna see up there, you know, figures, I, you know
But last time I went to a prior mutual choice, and it wants me to get down there, I was at this chain
Yeah
And they put the wrong dog up
Here comes the bunny
Yeah, Monday I finally took my friend to go down to Pompo, hasn't been there all year
And the power went off
And you guys already left, you must have finished dinner already
Yeah, that's right
So what have you been running?
I got stuck down in North Miami, I said, gee, I can't get to Pompo, no time
I'll catch a last three or four races in Hollywood, what happened at Don't Court the Law?
You are what they call a kiss of death, Jim
State that
I wish, but you could have driven Jeff's awesome in the 10th race last night at Pompo, Park
You'd have been awesome
You know Stanley Tantz told me I had great hands to drive
Did he?
I'm still waiting for the right roll
He keeps telling Harold Kelly that too, but it doesn't seem to be getting a job done
Stanley by the way, Hannah Horace went off one to five last night in the second race
And I had the winner now race by the way, but didn't bet him flat, I had him in the double
Did not have the double because of 40 to one shot on a third race
And Indie Nalobel won a second with Sepp Nichols
But anyway, brief a tire with Harold Kelly went off one to five, Stanley Tantzoo trained a second race, you know where he finished?
A desperate third
A desperate third
Yes, Sting, whipping, slashing and gasping for oxygen in the deep stretch
Now let me answer something
Stan Bird's the only thing
How much do double pay?
Right
A lot
It paid like 268 or something like that
You're 600 bucks, 600 bucks
He knows there's nothing like those dollar double wheels
There you go, he's the only one
Well listen, here comes the bunny, we'll see you're Friday, 10th race, Christmas, don't forget
Okay, so how do Renee and they don't?
Okay, and Don Brainer, and Jeff Gregory
Jeffery, somebody's gonna have to put you over their knee and spank you, baby
We have something we're going on there, what is your story?
We got an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463
We're gonna turn you over to Kelly Shepherd if you don't watch out
What do we got?
We got Elaine Head Tour with the news?
Wow!
What a tweet!
Then we'll come back at 1205, we got Rick and Spud's at 2
We got Sports Talk at 605, guest Ray Bentley, linebacker of the bills, Hank Goldberg, 8-11 tonight
Go!
News Talk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show
Get in touch and talk with Neal, dial 751 WIOD from day
In route, it's 524 WIOD, Palm Beach 655 WIOD, and Bell Stopp mobility customers
Make it a free call by dialing star IOD
The opinions expressed by the guest's poster colors are not necessarily those of this station
Now here's Neal Rogers, a new Doc Radio 610 WIOD
You've seen him on Channel 7 news, first as a 2-bit reporter
Now, as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay Combine
Rick Sanchez Singh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Big scores from old friends who gave the title to Sugar says you just gave it a tenth, to get a higher score Bodu, it's written down that the dentist has not liked it Contains all his
I
Expand jazz he loves his audience. I
Stuff you as a precious gift from God. Thank you so much, you bet look at us
There's so much checks here for Camila sauce our total is 107 870 one. We're gonna go over 110
We're gonna go over 110
What is this card? What is his picture of a lion to the king of beasts of talk entertainment radio like this picture of the lion
Whoo oh from Gilbert the cards from together the writing was like pre-pubescent
Now that explains it you know Gilbert's getting little a much you know it don't you think so the promoted calder
I thought he was well. We stifled him pretty good. He's just getting out of hand
Anyway the reason I played the Rick Sanchez thing you see the thing in a paper. He's got malaria and he's pretty happy about it
Because he'd been getting ill and chills and fever and wow sit next to Sally and Penny and
It didn't know what the hell it was and it said somebody pre-sperformed the last rights and he woke up and he looked up
He thought he was in the godfather. He was just confused and
Now it's malaria which is treatable and he's grateful and we wish him a speedy recovery
Which probably explains why he's been singing like that. That's a good explanation if you had malaria
You'd sound like that, too
It's 1208 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in date County 7501
I'm just looking at this is this oh this isn't a check. Oh man. Oh man
It's from Mary at the University of Miami
Mary says a few weeks ago I heard a caller on your show
So then when you bought a herald from a vending machine
He took all of the papers recently
I read the papers are purchased by people who don't work for the herald
But people who work an extra job for added income they fill the machines hoping that those buying papers will be honest to leave the papers
And I've been paper blah blah blah and so in other words they lose money not the herald
But all those poor slabs that fill up the machines lose money if you steal a papers
I'd still do it
It's 1209 at W. I. O. D. We also have an open line in Palm Beach at 655
9463 655 W. I. O. D. Got to clear the mong out of my throat. You're ready for an exciting two hours
Rick and Spud will be here from two to six
Oh, it's a psychic thing. I can't believe it Rose
Hi, how are you? I was just during the news break
I kept that kid boy and other some people we haven't heard from it a while like
Rick no, I'm serious like Rose and Rick from the vent from the video rip off store whatever he's doing
Video overcome over to the video no
You know Rose those guys are all flash and okay. I know that all talk
Okay, well, I don't see him anymore. Yeah, well, we didn't have time for us
We only got Corey bugger
Corey now let me ask you a question because you're a very astute observer of the passing scene
I try you know who Corey is yeah, we did the song. Yeah, that sounds great at the stadium
But like mush on this cart that we got here. Yeah, is he me coming a little chronic do you think? Okay?
I haven't on your show or on the station
And
And I wish this KS would stop sending me these pornographic pictures. I've seen it all okay
This guy's been sending these for 15 years he keeps sending me these pictures, okay of all these hot young guys doing discussed
Oh, look at that
I'll tell you this blue lagoon. What do they call the return of the blue lagoon?
I see these are supposed to be their children
You said blue good. That's fantastic, but paradise
He looks great, but the movie sucked okay had both movies sucked
But I mean the people look great who cares if the movie is good if the people look good enough
Okay, well, I thought you're talking about something now
Now you sound great you feel you say you've gained weight, but you feel good
Well, I mean I got to lose the weight again
I better do it because man is my blood sugar this morning was about eight million
And that experience I headed the track. I don't know why because I mean I've lost I've had when my old real gambling days
I've had nights of the track when I just punched my brains out and I didn't lose a lot of money
But I was just I'm just so tired of seeing crap that shouldn't be allowed to go on and I'm gonna speak out again
I don't care about what it is. I'm gonna I want to stop see it stop
Yeah, I want that stress
Because I'm just mind being ripped off myself or just seen a bunch of incompetence out there
I mean it's just got to stop
Well, and I think that some of those stewards over there ought to start opening up their eyes and start doing something about it instead of looking
You know up up in the air somewhere
Well, I wanted to also add
I'm also sick and tired of super Dave coming out of the table to you know sitting up there with Gary side belt
Go up there with Mitchell Dave and just leave us alone. Will you you're bugging me?
Can you believe super Dave comes to the table now?
What table at the track?
Yeah, in fact rich
We're just minding our own business plunging our guts out getting aggravated and now we got to put up with super Dave and Alombardo
Just everybody go jump from the roof, okay?
Well, I enjoyed it. Did we have a good time and called her? I'm not sure because sometimes when they're chaotic like that
You get through you don't know you can't tell I think I got about three hours of it and when it really got heavy into
To the racing, you know, I don't think I heard that part well
We didn't get heavy in it because we couldn't see it so we just you know there was no and
Gilbert was fine because you kept him under wraps, you know, yeah, but see off the air what you don't hear in the background
He's bugging me and bugging me
We have that a chance to talk yet, but you know I came out here holding back a bunch of things
What's that phone number for what's it there? What's that phone number? I then he won't call me anymore
Yeah, but you know fat rich can run interference real well
Yeah, rich was already there when we got there he they had the whole tent set up around in fact rich was the tent
They used his shirt for the tent
Well, you know, I wanted to call and talk about
I wish that rich would call into they talk about that race last night
I you know, I don't want to be the only one and I'm not trying to stir up because like I said
Poppano is beautiful. I love it. They're great. They treat me wonderful. I love harness racing. I love the sport
I love you know, but boy there are a couple of these guys out there man
Go back to Canada where you came from go back to Quebec
You should know what you got banjo between your knees. I know
There was no you know, I wanted to call about Thursdays not landing. Yeah, no, I don't get to watch it often
And I got about 45 minutes of that night and Val
Not
Uh mental problem. He has a mental problem. Yeah, and that birth at birth
Well, don't you remember don't you remember she fell off the horse and hit her head
No, she's that's what I say. I don't get to watch it a while after that
She started being like wacko and now she's just getting worse and worse every week and she's
What is she taking while she's pretending to be taking something but she's slipping something else in those
Yeah, yeah, she's pretending to do something. Yeah, she's taking the same stuff Elaine that tortakes I think
Okay, well
You can put me a magazine called doggy down. Do I get what once in a while it slips in here? What
Premier Magus
Wait a minute wait a minute. I thought you're talking about something else
Okay, relax Rick. Thank you. Okay, take to aspirin Rick
Then you do see it right hold on a second
Yeah, cuz I got to do a break and you're so nice and you've been out a long time
But I haven't let you say anything rose 1214 to W. I. O. D. At Toyota of Hawking
So anyway, so anyway, oh
I already said that
Yeah
Rose yeah, I'm here. What happened? I'm sorry. I got caught up in something you had cut it you got cut off cut up and oh
Okay, okay, we were talking about premier magazine, but
They do show it the up and coming in the you know like in the far future like what they're making now what they want to make
It's for what movies and so forth. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, the story is here
I see some pictures now, and I think that's what I want to make in the future
You like return a blue lagoon. Yeah. Oh
Rose
Trust me you'll be on the floor. Okay, you said awakening didn't sound didn't appeal to you
Well, I mean just the way cost for describing it. Of course. He's such a sued. I mean, and I saw the previews of it too
You know robber I got to be honest with you the more I see of Robert De Niro the less I like him
He's always got that same
Expression that same
You know the one I mean. Yes, always
Like even in good fellows, which was a very good movie, but he still always had that same
You remember like in godfather Marlon Brando had that one like when sonny got shot on the cause way
He had that one certain expression. You know, I mean like hopefully and that like stood out
But he didn't always have that on his face
He had like different expressions especially with all the cotton in his cheeks
It was like putting it in different places where some of which we can't mention
But like Robert De Niro he's always got that same. I don't know
Well, the thing is he can't get away from that
But do you think he really does that like in real life? I hope not
I love Robin Williams. I love Robin. I go to any Robin Williams movie. He's great
And always movies he's great, but his movies are always great dead poet society. I couldn't
Huh sees today. Yeah, that was terrible. I didn't think dead poet society was that good
I couldn't even get through the first 20 minutes. It was pretty
Well, he's in a Robin Williams thing. I mean he was there, but they kind of yeah
So anyway, this is a good movie is that what you're trying to say? Well, I haven't seen it
I'm just you know you said I was just wondering if you knew something I didn't know no
I just uh, it's just the whole thing they had in Sephalytis and they came back years later
I don't want to go see a movie about a bunch of people who had in Sephalytis
I mean we got enough of that down here
I can see but in fact most of the people down here act like even if they didn't have in Sephalytis
They got it
Don't they? Yeah, so who needs then? Well, I agree and on that note it is. Although it is a true story
Yes, now I do like two stories in fact
I don't read fiction. I always read non-fiction because I don't have time to read fiction
Well anyway at any rate any Robin Williams movie I will go to what about Elvis rose sensory
Okay, now well since you asked um, did you ever see him in person? No, okay
I think that makes the difference because no don't get me wrong
I find is the whole story fascinating. I've read persil
I read you know like on a plane. It's always great to have a paperback and since I like reading non-fiction
You go in the store and even then I picked up the persilabook and with the other one the woman said you have a lot
I have read any books, huh? I haven't read any of the books but I'm just saying it's interesting
But it's just the obsession that people seem to have I mean
That's just like anything else. That's the nanny. That's the big golf report
What when I saw him he was doing his comeback. He was a minor beach convention hall
My girlfriend and I we were in there. We liked Elvis. We liked his son
But when we saw him when he came out on the stage. Oh, I mean
Those last couple of the last performance in Vegas was they showed on this thing on channel four yesterday afternoon on that
personality show
He was he was just it's a miracle that I mean the sweat was pouring off of them
He was like like parking out like I mean his poop is hanging over to his toes. He couldn't barely walk
How it came as a shock to anybody that this man and all the stories about his doctor and all these jellies
Pills he was described he was taking and he was prescribing for men at late at night
He would go to his dentist his dentist would set up appointments personal like in his office
He'd meet him there 11 o'clock at night
Not to do dental work, but to write prescriptions for I mean this guy was on more pills
Carter ever saw
And he used to take a bunch of pills to get knocked out in other words
He would get in the sack and not get knocked out and just lie there for hours and hours and then it was his whole life
And then he'd give him the uppers to get him up
I mean he just became a bitch
That was his whole ladder life right talking about when he that's what caught people was when they went to see him
Especially in the comeback. Yeah, okay
He looked great. He sounded great. He had oh you mean here
Yeah, not in Vegas
At the end he looked like oh no, no, no, you're the end. Don't get me wrong about that. I mean, you know
I saw him in like worth on his last tour. Yeah, and
For old times sake and I thought he was okay
but
Seeing him in 75 and seeing him then they just broke my heart. Yeah, I mean, I'm not saying that you know
It's wrong to be a fan, but I mean to carry to such an extreme like he was the emperor of the universe or the president of the US or like
I'd say the people of this world they're they're not
In this is like the inquirer inside additional like garbage. It's fanatic. It's sensational. Yeah, I like it
But one thing may I say one thing okay?
Um
On the positive side my brother
I'm very proud of him. He's he works for metraday. Yeah, and he made lieutenant great
He used to listen to you, but he can't anymore
But I know some of the people in his office listen to you as we speak probably and I just want to say
I'm very proud of him and congratulations and it's just wonderful
And keep up the great work. He's not a pig at work. I'm the pig at home. I have to go. I'll say okay
Have a great life Rose. It's a delight. Okay. See you. Yeah, she's nice 1223 at W. I. D. We have an open line in day 751 one in Palm Beach 655 if you're looking for a night
Got a letter here from Boston more tax but the mailman's a flash and he ain't coming back
Miss the pick up from the federal express but I got me a plan to get out of this mess
Everybody's got a back machine
I'm gonna send it on a back machine
Just it's a button. It works like a dream
Everybody's got a backpack back machine
Oh
You make a photo copy of your
Then you
Back to the terminal
Then watch your boss get booted out the door
Everybody's got a back machine
It's a new way to be really me
Just it's a bottom you can be up see
Everybody's got a back back back machine
Oh
Be real
Everybody's got a back machine back to this
Everybody's got a back machine
Well 30 at W. I. O. D. We are doing it some of the colors dropped off
I can't believe because we had rose on for half an hour
It's too bad if you don't like it tough banana. She's great. We love rose. We have an open line in day 751
One on the star line at star I. O. D. If you have Bells-Autumnibility it might even work 655
W. I. O. D. in Palm Beach three open lines and we're pretty depressed about it too. Aren't you? I am
Mobile in Miami on the deadline. Hello. Hey deal. Yeah. How you doing today? Okay?
I'm listening to our first time caller great. Thought I'd give you a call
We just got out of that royal castle. You talked about a couple months ago. I mean Wayne Ardell's royal castle sure at
125th and northwest 7th Avenue in North Miami. I've ever had
Yes, sir. We'll be back to the good old days here in Miami. Can't be to with a stick
But I had something what are those things from New York home those white hunts? Oh
The best the best little sausage
Well, whatever. It's not good personal sir. I had a call you you were talking about
54 Christmas you had a caller talking to about how many Quebec license places were where?
Oh, you're gonna start me on a French Canadian again man. Sorry about I am so hysterical about French Canadians after last night
I'll tell you I would pay for the bus that would take them all back
I'd buy a misalame sandwich and stick them on a bus and give them a one-way ticket man never to come back again
Well, they do this town all winter long. I wouldn't do to
Saddam Hussein. How do you like them apples?
Well, yeah, that would be nice to send them over there. Yeah, send them over there right
I'm gonna match made in heaven and stick them in a Iraqi army. Okay by Lex Monday
Well, we were over in the beach last night and I we just for the hell we're going up and down the beach
And I started looking at the license plate. See was in town and they're all Quebec. Yeah, they're all Quebec
Anyway, I just thought I'd give you a call. Okay, sir. Have a great life. We're going see you
1231 at W.I.O. Do we have an open line in date one on a starlight want to Palm Beach still three if I count him right
I don't function very well when you have like less than 400 calls on the board
Do we ever find out what the problem was with the phone by the way
Oh
Mitch said it was southern bell so of there stick it in your pipe and eat it
And if Mitch Wien says it's southern bell you know it's southern bell because Mitch Wien is the greatest broadcast engineer in the history of
the 79th Street Causeway
North Lauderdale
Hello, yes, sir. Did you see that face face last night? I saw them all
Did you see what Don Brainer did with that one or what? Oh, wait a minute, sir. Let me ask you a question
Yeah, is this going to be a bitching session for people that bet on Donald Brainered? No, no, no, no
Don Brainered
I just curious how a one was can wind up six on the break
And why they don't penalize these guys a little first of all some horses have no gate speed however
It is interesting to me that the horse you're talking about left the last time and was parked out in 58 and one so that is rather interesting
Is it right when you're but when you're worrying about Donald Brainered sir? You must be in a dream or you didn't bet that horse
Did you I believe in another Donald Brainered? Yeah, oh my god? He's got to win one once and oh hey
It's too early wait till April okay just like last you wait till about the last two weeks
Wait till I
Well, I don't understand is why they let some of this dead meat to be out there on a tray
That's what I just do not understand because it makes for bad relations. You're upset
I'm upset you weren't there for the 10th race
No, I wasn't I am gonna tell you if you as upset as you are if you would have been and I bet a lot
I had a couple of bucks across because it was a big price and Gregory
I thought might give it a shot
Jeff's awesome this horse started out last and moved backward rapidly and
Distanced again like he did the previous time you know you figure look at the previous time the race was fast
It may have been an off-night
He won a night before the time before that in the same time that the race went last night
So you think he's got a shot he's dropping down
This horse had no more business running on a track than you and I pulling a chariot. Okay. I mean forget it
Yeah, and I am pretty p-oat about it
Well, you see the problem I think is that they they find them like 50 bucks or something from
It's ridiculous. Pack them up and send them back where they came from
I'll let they set them down for a month that would mean
But I think we ought to set you down because if you're betting on Donald Brainerd sir
We're gonna have to have a seminar and get you straightened out. Okay. I'll see you. Don't do it again
Thank you. Okay. Wow. Can you believe that?
Oh, man, even fat rich was about to make a weight-run at horse. I said boy if you do that
I'm gonna crawl under the table and I'm gonna make cackling sounds for the next four hours and quite frankly
I'd have been better off by doing it W-I-O-D
Oh no, please hold on
Let's go to Miami
Neil yes, sir. How you doing sir? I'm doing it. Okay, um buddy. Look I'm not pissed off or anything but
But there's always a big button to work here exactly as Dave Gamewood said reference to a collar
You had a little wall ago. Wow there's been so many. Yeah that Latin guy
Remember that you said yeah comment about no cash rolls, but yeah anyway. What about to tell characters, but you know something we don't
No, no, that really that's personally the only guy but anyway
um
You know, there's a lot of things that people say about land and this and that but if you want to keep your ratings up
Uh, about 80% of you know of your loyal listeners, which I happen to be one
You know, I love your show. Yeah, but you know, you really got to refrain from comments about land because oh
So in other words, I can talk about anybody and everybody else
But if I make a little joke about latins because we had some homophobic jackass on a phone
Then right away you're going to take it personally now you're not gonna become uptight. Are you sir?
Excuse me? You're not gonna become uptight. No, no, I'm not uptight
That's the first thing I told you look I'm not pissed off because I've you know
I've heard a lot of people say a lot of comments, but you know
You got to take you got to take into consideration people that do take it personally the people that do listen your show
Well, let me just say this to you if that if you know
reminds me of the Alice Rantel thing if every if I had to take into consideration
That everybody was thin skin
Then I would never talk about anything from a Sally Fitz to Rick Sanchez to Alice Rantel to anybody or any group or any person anything
There'd be no show that's a big part of what I do
I really never heard you say any any type of comments about any other
Ratio, you know any other rating, you know
Oh my god
I did a whole show here one day a couple of months ago about how the whole society is becoming black and raw rapping and white people are in the rap music and all
What are you talking about? Don't be thin skin. It's beneath you sir
Yeah, maybe you're right consider the source of the call we were talking to okay consider that slime ball is busy picking at Fidel's butt
Anyway, um, I got a little message for uh, yeah, Mr. Dave game and and willie and uh
Them to the same way will he sims yeah? Yeah, they uh
You know try to try to get him on a neutral system or something because
No, these guys shouldn't even be working for anybody
Just the comment the talk okay listen. Yeah, how big is your TV screen? Uh, 27 inches
No, your TV screen my TV screen
Ever great day all right see you 1237 at W. I. Would you hey listen? He should be a stand-up tall and proud
If you can stand up we have an open line a day at 751 and one in Palm Beach six five five
You know, it's interesting you would call because that's a perfect example of all is crap back in fourth been going about
It's just uh, you know, it's just a radio show and that's true. It's not that's not I'm not gonna say that to be like a cover-up
It's a show. It's life if you can't have a good laugh at yourself and it light I mean life is a joke
W-I-O-D. Yeah, so I like to speak to you please you bet you hold on
22 and a half before one at your insecure idiotic
Ostracized ostrich size station W-I-O-D
Anyway, it's a 1240 a W-I-O-D and Iliana is up on a chair there. Well, no she means she's riding on a blackboard
and
We just opened up a couple more checks here 108 we just crossed another barrier. How do you like that? A
Hey Uncle Neil the new improved skinny Johnny dark here. I oh you're supposed to be in the next break
Anyway, I thought it was the other thing in there. I don't know what's it see the machines are on the floor
Now I got to cue that up again. She's Johnny cut the crap. Boy, yeah
I thought the douche man was in that thing but that's what happens when a cart machines are on the floor
Mitch okay
blame Southern bell for everything, but in the meantime, where's our cart deck?
Don't you think in honor of this really great book that I just had with a six three when all those great demographics
They had to put that a cart deck right there and cut the crap and stop with the excuses. Let's get on top of it
Anyway, what's our just an oh Iliana change the total hundred eight thousand twenty six we just crossed the 108 barrier outstanding
Now what are we doing? We're going to a north lottery deal. Feel how you doing okay?
I had the un
Unprivileged of listening to Steve Katie other day wow and what a guy
Just like he said I mean he said nothing else better to do to talk about you and Rick and suds
No, my like Tony. He showed boils down to three components me Rick and sud suck and
mouth-reliated and that's good
Well, he's got a psychosis about me that stems back to when he first came in his time
I've never seen anything like it in my life you went in to New York
We used to get spy reports from people calling from the city or around New York
Saying was talking about me on here now what the hell do I mean on wabc in New York?
I've never worked in a market most of the people are never heard of me
But he's just got this obsession and not only Alyssa. I mean get a life already Steve get a life beside the baseball card
You can't look at them. I mean look at his white doesn't put out and he he tells that on the air
You let everybody know about it come on sir
Put you
Let me ask you this if you were married to Steve
Would you be busy?
Probably not probably not
Now what was the other?
Somebody told me that you had a hernia operation and I just had one a hernia operation
No, I have a mental hernia. What a mental hernia? Why would that help her? They had a hernia operation. I did
My name is Kimpy
Kimpy
Do you want to make one of my names?
Kimpy
Yeah, wimpy I just heard the operation
Okay
1243 at wio d. I was Steve's brother calling and we have an open line in brown at 52494635
Wio. D. Georgia's on a bat line
Yeah, Neil hold on is that Phil Saltsman? Okay, let's get right to it ladies and gentlemen the voice of reason is calling from Colorado
Rastrak, a man who gave you more 240 horses on Friday than we've ever seen in one card in one day
Meal I've been listening to you most of the morning and you are on a roll today
A man who invested a man who invested $55 in a bet three and got back $20 to 60 but cashed
Atta boy, I feel you're doing it. It's not important whether you win a lose as long as you cash
Now let me ask you a question. I don't want to get you involved because you're in a you know in a student observer for many years of the racing scene
It's torn up many a ticket and I'm just you do you hear my comments about this and I'm not a bad loser. I'm really not as you know
But there are some horses you see at racetracks that
Obviously don't belong out there, okay, and don't you agree that a little bit more could be done would create a little more confidence with the public
I don't want to put you on the spot
Yes, it's the answer to the question
I mean this if you would have seen last night if you'd have been calling to race
You'd have had to have like the Mount Palamart telescope to see where this horse was
Well, you know, that's happened before but they're could you know
I don't want to play devil's advocate, but there could be a lot of reasons why that happened
Yeah, but it happened twice in a row and you didn't have to qualify after the first time, okay
Well in a horse is distanced when it says D.I.S
Okay, as in dis and that as in this this I just I think that maybe they ought to see if there's something wrong
There before they let people make tangible support to it the next time out there on the track as it goes backward in about two
14 but anyway
That's neither here nor there right I guess so but uh no
I would tend to agree with you Neil
I've been fighting windmills in this game for 35 before years and it's good and the problem is the more you talk to folks about that
I'm talking about the powers that be the more they just kind of hey
Isn't it a pretty died and hey we got the lights on they just first whatever the reason they just these are certain things that they just don't
Like hearing about well, you know sometimes you bring up points that are very hard to deal with you know
They're not a there sometimes between a rock and a hard place themselves or maybe they're in Quebec which would be a good place for him
Do we have any French Canadians that come into Gulf Stream by any chance? Oh, sure
Oh, I don't mean the storage are calling me. Yes, sir
Oh boy storage is called about that cripple heart. I'm sorry
Don't know. I just have to make a quick announcement here. Okay. Go ahead
Far be it for us to an fringewon the activities with colder raster didn't always make you feel like you're on the inside of something
What feel has to make these announcements? I'm sorry
I was just saying to our limited audience said it's always like kind of being on the inside of something when we have you on the phone
And you get to make the and we hear this in the background yeah
Well today is truth that I'm I'm kind of like a jack of all trades up here
I'm almost everybody's whipping boy so to speak
Well, like close me instead. I need this announcement made it's my obligation to do it
So sometimes I get interrupted when I really don't want to but I can't take my phones off the hook
Yeah, you know like surely you left your lights on go out to the park and like that's kind of stuff
Oh, we've had we've had some great things
You know you know my favorite ran in so anxious to make the double he locked the car doors ran in
I had to make it announced to go out you left your motor running
I will you took the words out of my mouth
That's always my favorite that I was just jack rings that he tried yours the wife's dear then think he was making up
Will so and so please report to lot a your lights are your
Car is locked your engine is running
And I always thought that was a fictitious, but I guess it's true. Yeah, it's true
Probably those wise guy valley parkers right Eric
Okay, so we got angel mine in the first race with early fires you came in yesterday one right off the bat from out of nowhere from Chicago
Getting ready for the Gulf Stream meets so I'm going back with them again. Okay. Well here's the column
Re-creating it from the top of the stretch here. We go there's a quarter of a month ago
They turn for home. They went to happen 46 and three
Don't be coy moves up on the outside to get the lead by a late
I will leave the early paint centers back to second angel mine on the move is third then shining on between horses
With sunny st. Tore the inside with birds with sparks to weaken then silver ragged toady deceptive bet looks for him on the inside
They're most past the ace pole don't be coy extends early to three lights
I'll only weakening as angel mine comes on down the middle of the track
Then it's silver ragged toady with deceptive bet on the rail they come past the sixteenth pole
Don't be coy as extended to lead to five. They're not going to get it today angel mine now moves into second position
I will leave with deceptive bet they come to the wire and don't be coy and easy first time starter winner
Angel mine was a clear and easy second deceptive bet gets up to be third
Well second is a lot better than what we've been doing lately right?
That's true and she ran a big race if this first time starter hadn't been something special
She probably would have gotten a lot better than parsimonious I would say
Oh, yeah, we won't mention that no hey listen herby can't win them all you know, so that's Katie Swini won that race
That's right. Well, she's a nice little jockey. She's doing pretty well. Yes. Yeah, and a nice person
She came by she came by Friday before we went on the air and she's a very very nice young lady
And does she's going to be a good one? I think so
Anyway, listen, I've got the horses on the track for the second. Okay. Well listen. We're getting there. Phil get a little closer
Okay, baby. I'll let you pick tomorrow. Okay, Phil. Thanks. All right 1248 if good old w i o d and boy
1253 and incredible lady we thank you profusely just came into building she said she gave no holiday presents this year instead
gave the money she would have spent she brought us a four hundred dollar check for Camino sauce incredible
Thank you, man. We have a hundred eight thousand four twenty six and counting with about a week to go in
Amazing
Okay, let's do a mobile in bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing good? It's highly you're gonna run this year
Uh this year. No, hell they applied for dates next year, but don't hold your breath
And in one more question. Yeah, what is it jib steel Brian? Oh
Geez. Don't you feel bad about that? That's that
I mean surely is a very nice person, but I the very nice I think she got caught like between Uranus and Jupiter
I mean she is so far into La La Landau it is just
She's on something wow
Okay, I have a good act you two man
1254 at w i o d.ine here's uh what is it Margate? Hello, and you what's up?
How you doing? Doing good. What's going on? So you went into your monologue about the big FFDL
And I was inclined to listen to it for a little bit. Yeah
And he was just I mean going on and on about you he was going oh it's oh no wait wait a minute let's let's
How are we going to tell you? Yeah, but well, let's get the time frame right because I mean is this was yesterday is it again today?
Today oh again today. Yeah today
Mm-hmm. Just going on and on he's saying it's open phones call up any subject you want
And all the colors are nailed this nailed that nailed sucks we hate Neil
Well, I see that's the whole thing they're trying to make an all appeared all the people who hate my guts
Which basically is the old far its all the old chronic voices you hear who've been bashing me for 15 years
And listen, that's what they're going to get basically anyways people are over the age of a house
Does that shoot it's doing it you're bashing him. He's not bashing you. Yeah, right. You're attacking him
When you see that's childish again, that's the same see I didn't bring anybody on the air to do an attack on him for three hours
I didn't send anybody a letter. I read the letter the fact that he's friends with these people
Which he claims has nothing to do with anything and if that's the case then what does he got to do with it in the first place?
What what does Al have to do with this?
This is between me and somebody wrote a letter I read on the year and that was it and all of a sudden it becomes a big F. T. L.
Promotion all Neil all day again, see
I don't know but isn't it is it and they're doing it again today and Norm did it all morning this morning
I even called him on the air. I mean it's just
That's the format all Neil all day and I wish him luck
But I just I don't think it's gonna make it because I think those people are interested in Neil most of them on listen over here
He called you the Wizard of Oz
Yeah, you sit on a big throne and you're a little kingdom that's right
Judgment on people that's right
I'm the wither. You know what it reminds me like what that was said yesterday
Remember when you grew up they used to tell you about the good fairy right? Well, he's the good fairy and I'm the bad fairy
Okay, exactly what he's saying there you go as exactly what he's saying well
Listen consider the source pal. I am considering it have a great life. Bye-bye
1256 and W. I. O. D. We have an open line in Broward a coward about Broward 524 W. I. O. D. and one in Palm Beach 655 9463
655 we don't give a good crap
Sonny Isles
Neil yes, Roger from Toronto. Hey Roger. How you doing? How you doing? Hey is there first calling?
I want to say hello. We love you guys up there great. Oh wait a minute. What do you mean? We love you guys up there
Up there. Yeah up there. We love you guys. How about those leaves man? We lost again last year proved
Yeah, but they lost
We needed that win last night man. We're back in last place in the league again. Well, you know
We didn't want Lindros anyway. The ghost of Harold Ballard is coming back again. I think new and improved
We need foster he would have
New and improved. Hey new and improved. How about that? I don't know who I like kind of maple
Are you really a maple leaf fan? That die hard
We had two on the bus. Do you want me to tell you a real a player?
Dave Hanan
Great stuff. This kid's gonna be good. Well my hero is always David Keele. No, here
I'm talking now don't don't be one of these people who's in a pass with Johnny Bauer and Frank Mahabwech and
Homestead and Bobby Pulford and Ron Stewart and Carl Brewer and Tim Horton. We don't want to live in the past. Do we actually?
Why not? We're in my store the other day. Carl Brewer. Yeah, I bet you Tim Horton wasn't in your store
No, I don't have that kind of coffee shop. Okay
Ha ha
Yeah, he's gonna be on dead or alive Saturday. We chuck my yes sir
No, I don't want you to blow a good thing that we've got going for us here. Yeah
You know, we've been sending down these fresh games
Yeah, thanks. Oh, my amy. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, eh?
Man, what a career. What is this like getting even or something? No, send them back. Please
Please we'll even let the Leafs win another game this season
Oh
You believe that he hung up on us ain't come on ride but you up a little wood will you
W I O D
May I talk to Mr. Rogers? Yes, sir. Is this Lou? Yes, Lou Feynman. Yes, you know something. I got to be honest with you
I open this is Mr. Rogers. Yes, I opened up your package the other day. Yes, and
In it for the benefit of the audience it was a douchebag a real one
It was an it was an out there it said the check is in the bag and of course most people would think you know
Throw it away and I looked inside and there was the check inside the bag. Yeah, thank you, Lou
Hello. Yeah, I
I think maybe you want to auction it off as the official near righteous douchebag not a bad idea
You might make more money than the checkwoods for absolutely and believe me
There are plenty of people in this town make good use of it
Exactly and that's the
Those people in front of them. Yeah, right
Thank you, Lou and just remember it's in the bag. Yeah, we made peace didn't we? Yes, sir
Thank you. You're okay in my book. Yeah, even with the cats that's right. See
Okay, we have an open line in date county 7519463 and one in Palm Beach
555 Wimp 655 WI
Ostracized D ostrich size. I like that ostrich size like about like that
Okay, speaking of that the lovely the talented the vivacious the neurotic Elaine
Ataurus standing by with our one o'clock news with adhered down to our puppet and then we'll come back with our mammoth one to two
Our we got Rick and Sods from two to six this afternoon
They got a bunch of crap for us. We'll be ready for that
605 sports talk featuring raid Bentley linebacker of the soon to be defeated Buffalo bills Hank Goldberg eight to eleven tonight
Celebrating 65 years of radio
This is how for it is news traffic and weather station
Who's talk radio six 10 W I O D I am e4's lottery
News talk radio six 10 W I O D present the deal Roger show
Get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in broward is five two four W I O D
Palm Beach 655 W I O D
And bell top mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star i o D
The opinions expressed by the guest host of callers are not necessarily those
Now here's Neil Rogers a new doc radio six 10 W I O D
I really can't let me tell you something the only thing bigger than the one to two hour is that Debbie Alice
Oh, yeah, she uh cow
Oh
Now back to dog jeopardy and your host Alex Drew bark
We move on now to double jeopardy sparky you had the lowest corp the end of the last round choose a category please
What a culture for 200 the tough exterior covering of the common birch tree
No, I'm sorry. We cannot give that to you. It must be in the form of a question. What is bark sparky?
You still have control of the board
Tebus for 600 and the answer is the new sofa and the poodle next door
Correct what are two things you're not allowed on
personal hygiene for 200 the answer is because they can
Scruffy no bond bond
Correct the answer is because they can the question why do dogs lick their
Oh, and that means we're out of time we'll return with final dog jeopardy where our category will be
Scratch and sniff when I do this
Okay sniff this 107 at good old W I O D
It's our mammoth our spectacular one to two hour
It's open phones today. You know what that means boys and boys girls
talk about needle
Can we have we need to mitch Lewis to a song called juvenile juvenile there the tune of um
Bapapa what is that to
Whatever it is I sometimes wonder what is that song jizzabell remember jizzabell
Hey suger memories is bulle because he's old
He is ancient you know that suds is 73
I'll tell you he must no wonder he lives such a quiet boring life
That's how he's gotten to look so we never does a damn thing. That's what his wife said
Miami Uncle Neil yes, sir. How you doing welcome to house party
Listen Neil. I enjoy the 18 hours of soft and coverage of the game day, but uh, when are we getting rid of the pondress mr. Weaver
My
What was it what are we getting rid of mr. Poppycock Weaver no, I can't I really can't well
He's been trying 108 at W I O D. We have an open line and day at 751. Let's go to plantation if we must
Uh, no, yes sir. Have you mentioned to a truly important
That Ferguson Jenkins was elected to the Hall of Fame exactly another Canadian ladies and gentlemen for G. Jenkins of them
Actually what I was gonna ask you do you think it took him so long to get elected could I could I finish my statement sir before you start
Sticking your big thing in there go ahead now
Of the Chicago Cubs is what I was going to say that's the important part
All right, what is it what I was gonna ask you is do you think it took him so long to get elected to the hall
A because he had been charged previous with cocaine possession or B is because he's from connect
Canada
There's a drive that my salary's all way back and my feet
It put me
There's the lovers of the air
What is it a great day sir, and how about that ride?
Corridor it's about time. I got another Jewish player in the Hall of Fame, right?
Amen
That line four looks like it's ringing the major as you rang at least once before you picked it up
Just a joke don't start getting uptight like all your other friends. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey Neil how you doing? I'm doing it
Uh, I was wondering uh, that's excuse my boys wait a minute here comes that horse hit him again Jeff
And a boy I'm sorry. He just crossed the line
Still getting over laran jiders from the game. Oh, man
I well I when I left the game I thought boy
I'm not gonna be able to talk on Monday, but it came back real quick
But about two hours. I could barely speak after that game. No, I'm still having trouble getting it back. Yeah
I voiced too
Did you see the paper today for water? Del
Uh
About uh, Gulf Stream adding the bet three in the big six really. Yeah. I'll be danged
Well, let's see Gulf Stream opens on the 14th calleders last days the 13th, which is what?
Sunday that's correct and Gulf Stream opens Monday because this year they're gonna be dark on Wednesdays at Gulf Stream by the way, right?
Okay
Also gave uh Christmas list of mentioned there
Yeah, Dave Joseph has done a really good job this year too
And he also made a very good point with he uh made that cost to comment about bringing the quarter horses back right
Outstanding job, Dave you tell it like it is
Keep up the good work Neil. Thanks pal. Hit him again Jeff come on. There. Oh look at that. He just took off like a shot
He came that last quarter and 46 and three
We have an open line and Broward 524 stiff 524 wio d. I would never want to come across the store loser because I'm not
But it's just I mean sooner or later, you know
They all got to finish sooner or later, don't they?
Mobile in Carroll City
New and ill yeah, hey long time listen to the first time Carla great you just get this phone
Uh, it's things listen. I know you don't talk about topics on your show. That's right
But I'd like to you mentioned something about the racetrack and how the racetrack has an obligation to protect the public right
And I would like to mention one subject real quick and maybe I'll save one person's money and heartache
I got a dog from one of those local pet shops that are during the mall and
The dog had just about died over the weekend and is having major surgery is gonna cost me about two grand
Now the other thing was I found out last week that four other dogs they came from the same pet store have the same situation
Bad health birth defects and everything else and I just I hope that somebody out there's listening to me does not go and buy a pet any kind of pets from these pet stores
Well, listen do me a favor will you please? Yeah, sir. I'm not being facetious call up call up
Is it Bob mayor who does that at channel four? Yeah, and call up Bob mayor channel four and get through to him
I mean even after the message and they'll do what I suppose they are they've been doing a good number on that
Well, I tell you know, I'm thinking about a lawsuit, but you know that's not the point
But the fact is is that my family's gone through heartache and this dog had that major neck reconstructive surgery
That sounds crazy, but I hopefully whoever's listening out to this great audience out there
Please do not buy a dog or a cat or any other pet at the mall you save a lot of heartache. Okay, sir
Thank you. They're good luck to you. Good luck to you and scruffy
12 minutes after what a WIOD
Unfortunately my dogs made it they're still going
I had a little one boys here
neurotic little dirt carriers neurotic. Oh, they're just
They do stuff just to piss you off. They really do. They do stuff just to be nasty
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524w i
Austritz i's D and we'll be right back
In other words, it's basically a bunch of crap. Oh, excuse me
116 in a WIOD so I think I'll have another one like a little halls thing
Oh, you know what? I don't have to do that because in my bag over here Tommy brought me my nutrient system stuff
I'll have those things that I can suck on
All right cut the crap where is it? Oh boy did he bring me a lot of stuff or what wow
That denibird man, I tell you when he's good he's good which isn't often and when he's bad
He's pathetic a four-letter deal
Hershel Gordon Gordon Lewis
Your goofball
Who is at large?
Yeah, okay. Thank you Steve
116 in a WIOD we have an open line in Broward 52494524
WIOD north Palm Beach
Deal. Does that it?
Deal are you in north Palm Beach? Yes, sir. I'll be damned. I don't know. I'm doing it. How are you doing?
What what even changed the subject? We're gonna have a subject. No, okay. You're right
Um, what do you think about the buddy Ryan situation? What do I think about it? Where do you think you might say?
Good rid I think he's gonna want up in Tampa Bay is what everybody is saying. Thanks, so good riddance to bad rubbish
Think you might turn it around
In Tampa Bay no way Jose
You don't think so. I'd be honest with you the Norman Braeman bothers me a lot. I mean, I don't like you
You hear Norman Braeman I would hang out that night
Yes, sir. I know and Braeman bugs me
He's one of these guys who's got a lot of money and is very smug about it. You know, they kind of talks down to him
Right
Exactly right. Yeah, but like that's something like Tampa Bay could use or quit. Why are you concerned about the Eagles or Tampa Bay?
Norman Dawson fan. Well, there's so who cares about them? They're small potatoes
In fact, let me ask you this question are either one of them in a playoff's now. They're gone
That's right. So we're still alive, okay? Like in Godfather one. He says we shot him five times and he's still alive
You're right, right? Hey Neil talking about the Godfather right? Yeah, now you seem good fellows. Yeah
All right, you know what fellows was excellent
There's just one cart you got. I don't think you ever played it, but it was um
Well, wait a minute if wait a minute if I have one cart
I never played it then how do you know I have it? I heard it on the Rick and such show
Well, did they ever dawn on you that it could be yeah, it was Joe pesky
Yeah, being trolley brown
Joe pesky being trolley brown. Yeah, it was really my suds. We need you in here suds
You gotta know it. So just coming in just second
Come on not on your hands in these always not it was like well. That's the way he walked
I thought he was in two. I what would you know you're short too that Joe pesky question doing uh, what is it?
Joe pesky
Passion, meditating trolley brown
Who was old that time from maybe about a month
Charlie brown like in the comics. Yeah
Who's in the meditation was on a comedy network problem. I know. I don't recall
Oh you guys did it on yet the news show. No, it was probably on Herschel Gordon, Lewis's show. Oh
Wow, it's probably on Robert Q Lewis
Speaking of ways. Well, I know the way, but I swear I heard it
Well, I'll tell you what I'm gonna was stick their hands to the fire and make him find it okay
Do it now. Bye tomorrow. Have a good show, buddy. See ya. Bye. Just had a phone conversation with a guy. Yeah, Bill Laconic
Oh, he was a chief thunder thud on the howdy goody guy
You remember him? Oh, never thunder thud. Yeah, yeah, well see he was the one cowabong and all I see that bothers me a lot because this cowabong
The Simpson crap is a ripoff, okay
There's a school of dude there was there was that one I would high button you choose that stuff, okay? Well the chief says he listens to you quite often great
How about Dayton, Alan if you told me Dayton, Alan listen. I would feel really he's up in New York. I'd be impressed
Why not he was tremendous
The chief and Buffalo Bob and howdy Eddie Keane who was a head writer for that show for a railman if you get any hassle on you have a big idea
No, there's a Simpson's
Well, it's an individual's, but it's in the simp in that all the Simpson's don't say that
Well Bart says it. Yeah, he says it all the time
Dude once in a while. Yeah, he doesn't exactly 45 years ago
Trading water like you're doing now Rick. What is he talking about?
Oh, why am I why don't we ask him about the car? Yeah, why don't we ask him? Well go get him and I'll do a spot
Okay, have you been to the outback yet? Yes, excellent twice
Wow, and of course you know Rick and suds they are pretty demanding folk. I'm serious. I'm so excited about
Don't you find your roses are red
They're sent always lingers
If you think that's pontant just pull on my finger
Wait, will they get all load of me happy valentines day
Can you answer me one question is that jack Nicholson supposedly is that the senator from not slanting
How about the not slanting anyway? Have you ever seen jack Nicholson and William DeVane together? Never
You may share the same liver
Anyway, good old Roger from the entertainment report on a micrineris show just called to remind me the jack
Atherton is a guy channel four who does the a consumer bits and he's gonna be out with Chuck E. Meyer on our Saturday morning
A weekend extravaganza this Saturday from eight to nine in the morning
Like for an hour so you can call in the guy with the dog problem. They really do an excellent job
I'm not too excited about some of the channel for new stuff, but that part they really do it
So call him up with Chuck E. this Saturday morning, okay?
Oh, surfside are you cereal hello hello?
This is Maxwell. Oh, yeah, how you doing? Okay, gonna be a real short call right Maxwell
Yeah, very short. Okay, tell you all that rubbish yesterday. Don't pay no attention to it
Yeah, also have you seen any good movies lately if I see any good movies
See buy buy birdie to play down on the on the beach that be time maybe be trying starring our Doris Daniel
It's a great play. It's just as good as the movie was. Okay, okay, Maxwell
Boy boy
Whatever you say what the hell is he talking about?
You know, I wouldn't you think they'd speak the language we invented
Oh, there's an open line of date counties 751 no obelain glaze a key 751 W. I. O. D. Let's go to boca
Oh
How's it going Neil? Okay, okay
Lizard who's that you know in the godfather part one that was that guy. They put the horses head. What was his name?
Um
Walt's well, yeah, you ever see him and Mark leave you together?
I so I'm doing the waltz together as a matter of fact
I hope they do the waltz together after this game Saturday, okay
Don't worry about it. Mark leave me. Mark leave me looks like he's been stuffed and petrified, don't they?
Yeah, let's put one step away from Jerry Burns of the Vikings. He looked like he's all half dead on the sideline
But a horse is headed in his bed
An addition to which the last Jewish football coach I remember was Ali Sherman at the Giants. Remember what they did to him?
Yeah, goodbye Ali boy. They hate him like poison
I'm on he has to be him with Chris Burman. Exactly. Hey, um, I like Chris Burman
But I gotta tell you something that bud bull crap has got to go. That is the most pathetic. I mean juvenile
I gotta raise me till no end
Um
You know in the godfather part one you know where to keep I thought I got
One of the best parts of the whole movie
um
When look of royalty was sitting outside rehearsing his part. Oh, yeah, he kept on saying don goli on. Yeah
Well, no, even even better than that is when he finally gets to go in yeah, and he says
Thank you for inviting me on the day of your daughter
Wedding
Like he stuck the apostrophe in it your daughter
Wedding I know you are busy now. So I'm going to leave you done corleon something for your daughter's bridal purse
Thank you my valued friend Luca
I could do the whole dialogue. I've only seen it seven-numbered times. Yeah, really I can do with you
Let's be honest, uh, you know, there'll never be another godfather one. That was the definitive
I mean that was it had it all the suspense and the drama and marlin brand
I mean the others are good, but that was just the beginning and end of all things. Yeah, that was the best one
I can do the dialogue with you
One other thing, listen um, but I like when he uh, yes
This is not the show where guys called in to make dates. That's over with Alice. Now that he's out man
They're just standing online. All right. I like the I like when
Kay asked Michael. She says what is he what are you doing that for who is that scary man?
That's Luca Brazi. He knows my he knows my father with things
Yeah, I like that for anyway have a good life. Neil and the same to you pal. Oh
1249 1249 where did that time come from 1249
What the hell is that isn't that bizarre
God
Oh
I'm getting choked up from that last call. It's 129 and WI would do a 1249 sounds pretty interesting to me
Oh, we have an open line in Palm Beach of course if you care to participate and if not we don't really care
WI OD sunny isles. Hi, Neil. Hi, how you doing? Great. How you doing? I'm doing great
Susan from Toronto actually how you being Susan great. Well, that's great. Hey love your show
We take your your shows when we're down here. We play them in our stores as they say in the egg business great, eh?
Yeah, and you like these Hannah do you?
What about I afraid?
What do you mean what about you? I go what do you mean do I like him? What are we talking about Susan?
We're talking about from his plans. I mean, I'll I afraid he's an ugly guy
He needs to go to the wizard of us to get a brain. Yeah, now a hand in though. I think it's a good
I'm not talking about how they look okay. Although I wish they bring back Jim Dory
Uh, do you remember Jim Dory? I remember Jim Dory. We have season tickets. Do you remember Jim McKenney?
Jim McKenney my favorite player got his sweater. See the Leafs used to be good and we looked good now
They just distinct but I mean no better. Yeah, I'm getting better. Hannah's a player and I'll tell you English playing pretty good in the goal, eh?
Yeah, not bad. Better defense. That's what that's what does it? Right. That's what doesn't. And am I crucial?
Let's just plan a pretty good game. Yeah, yeah, uh, when we're just waiting for the Russian guy to start right yeah
How do you get all the trouble? How do you get all our
Game you got a satellite. Yes, ma'am. Well, we got a satellite Toronto. We don't get I mean outside of our regular
Channels we don't get hardly any of the Leafs games away. How do you get them? Well, you know what? No, I don't I only get Saturday night
Oh, yeah Saturday night hockey night in Canada, eh? Right. What about Wednesday night? She don't get those. No, no see those are low you get that local
Yeah, we get that local and I you know, I have had Bivalent feelings because Bob Cole I think it's pretty good, but
I miss Bill Hewitt. I'm sorry. I agree. Bill Hewitt was the greatest hockey announcer in the history of the sport
He really was. Well, Foster was good of course, but he was like an old time
But Bill Hewitt made those games so exciting
Cherry's great. He's a good in the beginning in the beginning. I didn't like him at all
I hated him because I wanted to see the National Anthem with the organ and the thing
That's a great spectacle. No, at the garden. So that's it's fun. It's great. It's great. But Don Cherry
He grows on you. He's a lot of fun. He's got a big mouth like me and I like him
That's why we like you and we got everybody in our store all the kids come in listen to your tape great
Outstanding well the Leafs all the way okay some year great. Just remember punch him like lose
Thanks Susan. Thanks, Neil. Bye bye. Isn't that great. We're getting a few maple leaf fans here a wonderful
Boy, we could go Saturday
They just beat the crap out of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Pittsburgh was in a real hot streak too
And they came in and we just pasted him a six to three and I just loved it
It was like bring back the old times right Bob Cole. Hey Bob gross him here. Well, yeah
And Harry Neil he's okay too, but he's about 400 years old, and
Man, I got I love when you get these like little coughing fits when you catch like a little hair in your nose Rick
Wow
It's fun
And there's nothing have you ever seen like somebody on the news get that
Get one of those coughing fits. Oh, that's just can you imagine being on camera because when the radio
You shut off the mic or you can play a bit or you can just sit here and gag and tube like I'm doing
Which I kind of enjoy because I like sharing everything with the audience whether it's good or bad
But on TV it kind of like um
Just as make it I'm fumbling around because I want to find something for Susan the nice lady and all our other fans out there
Hello Canada and hockey fans of the United States and Houston land and I'd like to big hello
The Canadian service month overstate
Foster
Foster Lee
Where's that horse
Okay, that's enough 133 at W.I.O.D. Got the dolphin game on Saturday afternoon
We got the Leafs and who now we plan Saturday night somebody somebody week. Oh heart for it. I think we might win that game
Miami
That it's the teach that
Teenage teenage
New
Yeah, but how about doesn't Bart Simpson say that he says I Caramba. Oh, you tell a little more flare excuse me
I'm sorry. That's all what do I know about that. Thank you. Bye
Wow, well, thank her for correcting us because the last thing I'd ever wanted to be would be Wong
I
Mean I don't want to orientalist music up. Oh everybody's got their W.I.O.D. Watch. All right
Oh, and I don't put it there come on. Oh, I guess it helps to know what time it is for that to we have an open line in Dave County
751 9463 751
I'm not gonna say it. Okay. I say a lot of stuff about management
But you know they might be touching about that because mr. Disney himself personally came in here and did he give that to you personally?
Oh, well, he gave me mine personally and I just you know
He may be uptight about those watches. Okay, I mean
Oh god and after you work here like 30 years you get like a regular band you get like a metal band
Illuminati 26 till 2 at w. I. Ospreitz size D and will be right back
Oh
137 at w. I. O. D. Well, we're playing it today, but just a little bits and pieces because we don't want to get accused of a whole reacting right
Pompano
Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, there's a snail. Yeah. Yeah, this is a long time listener first time caller great
I go to the paramutuals every once in a while. I've gone to highlight and
Pompano Park and caller and what seems to me. I don't know if this happens. What does it seem to you?
Okay, like when you go to highlight, you know these guys make these outrageous catches and everything and that whoops
And then when the bottom right to them. Yeah, they can't seem to catch it. Well, that's one of those things
You know and like you know what they say in baseball sometimes the ball
It's it right at you the hardest to feel that sounds like a good excuse in them
Yeah, okay, and the other gripe I had was at Pompano Park at one time. I had this horse that was going on
It was about three years ago
And he was leading at least by a length or two and what happened the jockey all of a sudden decides to stand up on the horse and let these other two horses
What do you mean the jockey the jockey?
You mean on the quarter horse on the quarter horse
Well, the quarter horses had a lot of problems there and of course they are bringing them back
So good luck to everybody concerned on that. Yeah, but I kind of distance myself from all of that quarter horse business because my feeling
You know what they know what I call them quarter horses don't you?
No, because that's as much as I'd ever been on
Yeah, that's what it seems like. I'm just saying don't you think sometime that's for the whole night? That's for the whole card
Yeah, that's like a lot of these races seem to be rigged sir. I didn't say that no, I'm just saying it you said that
No, I'm saying that let's put it delicately sometimes they look bad those quarter horses that what you're saying
Yeah, they look you know, I'm like you say once the while they get well
Let's see if Dave Joseph is right or if the folks over there can really straighten them out this summer, okay?
Yeah, because by the time you like you like you're somebody else's money get these tips out there
That's the word sir stiff get the stiffs and sentiment to cool back right exactly with a banjo on their thing
Okay, I'll good luck to you pal. All right
138 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line and Broward 5249 for oh wait a minute hit him again
Here he comes come on him must yeah boy
What did I start to say oh yeah 524 I'm not bitter not me
But you know when when the other horses are going around and he's going in the other direction
I get a little nervous
Mobile in the cables
Hello, yes, sir. He'll how are you? I'm okay?
Long time listen to first time call terrific. I got one question. Okay, shoot
What is it you dislike about sales people so much?
Geez now why didn't you give me a little advance warning on this it's the end of the show I'm putting carts away
I'm not getting getting a mind. I'm talking about radio sales people you do understand don't you?
Oh, no, I wasn't aware of that. I thought it was all sales man. Oh wait a minute
Just found a card. I wanted to use a little while old cheese and he'll to here okay now that doesn't fit now
But I did want to use that earlier so if anybody was ready for it and missed it there it was okay
All right now what was the question to get about what about sales to go?
I was wondering why you dislike them so much sales people are anthems. Okay, I love that little skip
But I don't understand it radio sales people sir. You've got to understand. They're a different breed
Okay, they're all hatched out of a gigantic factory in Nashville Tennessee underneath the Andrew Jackson's home underneath the hermitage
They have a big barn back there in all these gigantic eggs are pulsing and
And you know inside each a there's another lino freight is or Tom Deniburg or Kenny tol and waiting to pop out and wreak havoc on broadcasters from coast to coast
Okay, I'm glad you clarified that for me. Trust me when I tell you can I just call for an reminder to spank?
Absolutely, don't he take up your dues bag and then closing sir
I want to remind you of one thing what's that sales people are iceholes have a great life
Okay 140 at W. Wilde look at how we got three open lines and we got about 18 minutes to kill here
Minus the next break which is about like three and a half
Well, I like to figure these things out erath medically. Okay, get out your little slide rule and slide it
751 W. I. O. D. and Dators in opening there. We have one and brown or five two four one on mobile rail soft mobility that might have been
Rose rose was great. She took a lot of time people got a little PO to about it
But she was actually one is always and we had what was it Sally Sally Susie from
Yeah
Yeah, I was loyal comes fans
Boy remember him was long suffering Cubs. You're any banks and freaky Jenkins to play in all those miserable teams
They just kept your banging away doing their thing with fano and cousin. Yeah, right
Well, that's not what I call I sure hope not
Yeah, what I wanted to call it back me on it was about
I have a little chat with now I've already given it more than enough publicity sir
Okay, and he starts when he starts paying setting us a check for all the free advertising
No, you know, you want to get serious for one minute?
One thing I discovered today when I came on I did my little which I was gonna do regardless
Okay, because I want to get it out of my system. I discovered that this audience the people are over here at W.I.O.D
They're not interested in that. That's another one of those things like WS news in the past with the a battle the
Radio wars and all that crap that they're trying to resurrect. It's all ancient history. It doesn't fly anymore
No, the only people who want to participate in that are all the old hands
Okay, and I'm sure that those are the people who are over there right now pitching in without oh, yes
You're right. He's a bastard. We're upset about and and we don't want old hands over here
Old-hand radio is not for us. That's WS news, you know, and if that's what they want to resurrect
That's it. They're right on the right path for believe me or even on radio like a hen party
Yeah, well, you know it's like when you used to talk about or actually the bird I met with a long ago
You talk about Sandy and her sugar cookies and almost nobody knows what you're talking about
Yeah, but that was still funny that was still fun. Oh, yeah
Sugar cookies might renery like to because he had sandy like poison
He would never say that because he likes to be a nice Gentile Gentile guy, but he hates her like poison
Can I ask one small request?
Yeah, small is the operative. Yeah, just a
As an ostrich size I know I know it's even worse than to your show all the time religiously
Yeah, and let me point another thing isn't it fascinating that when they had their opening in a battle of the
He was going through this thing about all of them. I bet all of them on him
That won't have to listen to Neil much anymore is gonna be if Alan is so interesting
How come it is it Steve is with us like religiously almost every reading moment tended to
Well, he wants to be back in I.O.D. Wow
But what I wanted to ask what's the question I can handle it is that you know
Steve if you're out there would you mind picking up the
$35 fine. I got it from the Coral department for having to put all that a little bit of forward my trees trying to pick up your saver
No, I can't I really can have a great day of
144 W.I. Did that Henry man? He's always there when you need him isn't he?
We have an open line in Broward
You'll never get on the air, but boy it's gonna be so much holding on fun
Did I put those words necessarily in the right order? See this is not a station where we care about necessarily putting in the right order words
But anyway if you want to put your body
149 I'm gonna do the not slanting lady a second
But I just want to mention Chuck byer just came in and we may get like preempted or bumped in a couple of minutes or somewhere between now and two
So be prepared for that because we may have a special announcement immediately you realize it's like what about seven o'clock at night over there now
Almost eight o'clock in the middle of seven or eight o'clock
So they've been meeting like for hours and hours and hours and evidently a secretary of state Baker has got an announcement
That he's gonna make sure so if that's available and we code to it we may get
Obviously we want to get that on right away, right? That's right
Everything's important. Yeah, I mean, it's no not slanting, but it's something no not slanting
Tomorrow morning I will not forget that's what I was calling to remind you set it up. You won 24 wasn't that nice of you
Tomorrow ought to be pretty exciting. I'll tell you one thing you should make room for guiding light in your life
I think I may try to do that. What time is that on three to four three to four and since you have a satellite
I watch it up in the late after four to five on you know those calls we had yesterday about if three is changing and everyone
I turn it on last night like after midnight. I don't they're all everything's the same place where they always have it
I don't know what that's all about. I haven't noticed anything
I don't know. I think maybe Mercury is in their reign at your Uranus
Don't you? I think the planets are like I'll rearrange or something
Well, I'll be up there really if not at least I'll tape it. Okay, okay?
And tomorrow we can huh? I said and tape it we can ruin it for everybody. That's right
But we want you know, we don't have to ruin it. We can just give everybody a little piece a little kiss
You were just smashing out at Calder Friday. Oh, I'll tell you I come here
Did you lose your brains? Yes
Well join the club. We all plunged our lungs and they're pretty happy about it
I guess I had no beginners
That's amazing. Did you see the guy came up with a little girl the baby? No
Are you cereal? No, I did he had picked the because of the colors or the nose. Yes picked the number
She picked the five and at run race the first race
I was paid like 26 bucks and he better perfected with it and got back here a five dollar perfected got back 150
So you know out of nowhere that's a way to do it
Because as I've always said the more you know the worst shape you're in
Well, I'll bring my kids next time. There you go
Bring Pat Peterson to why do I do that? Well, that sounds good. Yeah, at least keep us busy anyway
They have a real private part of that clubhouse. Yeah sure see you tomorrow. Okay, bye
151 let's go to for Lauderdale. Hello. Meal. Yeah
What do you think about this device? Is Southern Bell trying to sell us now
So color ID
What someone calls your number you press a button and shows what number they're calling?
They're not trying to sell it to us now. Then it's not available yet
Well, I read in the paper that they're gonna try to sell this to us. What do you think?
It's dangerous first dangerous
What if you had it there and you know everybody's number that called in yeah, then we wouldn't have to talk to jerks like you
152 I mean it got it in states everywhere
It's the pigs down here that are against it which I think is outrageous and the excuse they use as well when they do their FBI
Stings and this and that they would know that recognize the number or something like that
I mean they can change the phone number on those things every hour if they want to right so I mean that's a layman's excuse
I've heard in my life and
I think it would be outstanding
Can you imagine all the crank calls that would cut down on and how much you know
I just I mean from every aspect that they do it everywhere so Florida probably be with it about 15 years from now like you
We're always a day late and several dollars short and look at that Johnny dork is wending his way in here
Isn't that amazing?
Just enough to make you want to get on your hands and knees and puke all over those CDs
They have next door wow and look at that shirt this man
What is that what is that?
movie about
Tall men don't wear a plan or something what's the name of that movie?
You know what I'm talking about
dead
and this is an oxy moron isn't it?
Anyway, oxy
You think that's on he's busy and there he's waiting for this big announcement
He's hoping to go blow the whole world up as long as we leave him all the money that's George
You know he's been deprived so long just leave him as wife and all the money and they'll have a good time at our expense
So what is it this major announcement? Oh, you have an announcement today, too. Wow
No announcement Johnny is coming out of the dark
Shadows I was gonna say closet the dark shadows kind of you see they're trying to bring back dark shadows
Never be the same. We got to have Barnabas wasn't that was his name was Barnabas those old
That was a weird but enjoyable show was bizarre head is biting moments
So what were you about to lay on us about your great ratings on the coast? How are they? I didn't pay that much attention
Are they pretty good? Yeah, not bad number two 2554
When we do the mean oh in the afternoon you mean yeah, that's not the coast was
As a matter of fact, I think midday here. I was number two 2554 with a six four. That's not bad. Hey, yeah
We're doing it. Yeah, we got a great combo here and if they start playing good music next door, it'll be even better
What are they playing what do you plan this afternoon anybody?
We have a incredible stuff is that Liz Welch? Liz Cooper?
What are you playing give me like you're still playing the?
Doobies out in the stuff that you played like what was it?
Well, no, you still love old girl by what's his name Paul Young you still playing that wow? I used to love that you're killing it. What else?
And by the way, you know Wendy Bennett Wendy's a lovely lady is she still listening in there when I'm on because she's like she's listening right now
Since we hit her up for the money for
Camilla's house that she wouldn't give us she has been man. She just oh don't come by here any like she used to
She didn't the hallway waves and gives me like your number one. That's it. She never gave anything man
Hey to reach its own okay, and if you see and all I'll be honest with you don't need any food money
Did she eat if I could give 20 bucks?
Exactly does she oh and that's why there's that great thing on it cover you say about betting on neutral system
Now this is the only man who bets in small change. Okay. Oh, let's make a big bet
I got a couple of nickels here. I'll bet you a wooden nickel again said George Washington come on will you but does she ever eat?
I don't think so looking at her. I mean she makes Karen Carpenter look like Debbie Yellowson a bad day in heat and she's diving
Oh, then she really is anorexic are you serious? I'm very she is dieting. Yeah, did you hear that?
This is something. No seriously. She's got a serious problem because people
Okay, here's Chuck Meyer in the newsroom Chuck
Neil
There we go Neil James Baker just about to speak live in Geneva Switzerland
He has meant for the past seven hours with the Iraqi foreign minister. We're going to join that line
