Baby white things, the white things that you get in a box to act to clean their face and stuff with.
They're shaving without shaving cream and things like that over there.
They're all doing well though, they're ready to come home or do something.
But I just wanted to let everybody know, you know, they do have phones set up over there now.
AT&T has a satellite dish that they put up in Foddy.
And where my son is, he's got there's a huge tent there with about 60 telephones.
So he was able to give me a call and I spoke to him for about an hour.
Great.
So I can't wait to get my bill.
But it didn't matter, it was great here and from himself.
You got somebody over there and you're not sure what to send.
You know, what I mentioned is good because I can all use that and keep the mail growing
because it's all I got right now.
Okay. You hang in there.
You have a good day.
Thanks.
1043 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward 5249463, 524WIOD,
a pig report on the mobile?
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good day today.
There's a trap down there between Mercy Hospital and the sky on South Bay shores about five
kilometres in the side of the road.
Great.
It's your little radar trail.
Hallelujah.
Oh yeah, just wonderful.
Great Americans are out there doing it.
Nothing better to do.
Doing their duty.
For God in country.
Uh huh.
Paying those bills.
Yes sir.
Good show today Neil.
What?
Good show today.
Good show about what?
Huh?
Good show.
We got two different shows.
We got one show that I'm doing.
Another show the audience is doing.
I agree with you.
I agree with you on the TV stuff.
But now nobody has anything to say about it.
You know?
For a while there, that's all they wanted to talk about.
We had like 7,000 calls.
It was ponderous.
Now that we have, that it's just really created a major thing in the world and in the whole world.
Now it's like, well, you know, we already went over that.
Let's go on to something else like whatever.
I know.
I know.
Let's pick our nose.
It's not new anymore.
You know, everybody wants something new.
That's right.
Have a great day.
You too.
1044 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star line.
If you have Bell South mobility, good luck to you.
Star.
I OD.
I'm not going to get upset about it because I know human nature.
Boy do I know it by now.
Anyway.
16 pounds.
Encouting in spite of that in temperate day.
Was it on Monday?
Was Monday.
We had that in temperate day and here it had a little eating frenzy.
But in spite of that, I've done 16 pounds on neutral system.
And Roger, the world famous micro-neuritio also were dead even.
We're in a dead heat, folks.
We're right at the finish line together.
At 16 pounds, well, not really at the finish line.
We're still at the top of the backstretch.
But at the time we get to the finish line, we're both going to lose plenty.
Because neutral system works.
Look at that Slob Johnny dark at the coast.
32 pounds.
Uncle Neal, John, yeah.
I lost 32 pounds.
So I just said, I bought some nice new clothes.
You want me to give you the name of my clotheier?
Please.
So we can all forget to go there.
OK, this man, a fashion plate, the Lexi of which you've never seen.
Anyway, once you've lost the weight, you can go out and buy some real clothing.
And a real store can't forget about Johnny dark.
This week a neutral system, lose all the weight you can in three weeks for just $59 for program services.
So stop putting it off.
Get your big, large ass up out of the chair and go over right now and call them.
Get started.
1-800-344-thin.
1-800-344-THI-N and be sure and tell them that once gigantic Neal at WIOD asked you to call.
Neutral system.
A wonderful fact about Neal, Rodgers.
You should know that's a major cause of stiffness and swelling.
And it's starting to happen right now.
1049 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Dave County, 751.
And, uh, oh, geez.
I'm really sorry that I said anything today.
OK.
What do you want?
I kind of town Chicago is.
Hello.
What do you want?
Just called to say hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
Good day.
Good day.
What?
How's the show been?
I've missed you.
She always been just fine.
Up until today.
Wow.
Because I had the audacity to say something about the war and about the median.
Get serious again for about five minutes and they're just so they can't handle it anymore.
Wow.
They go from one extreme to the other.
And then you call in that kind of like is the frosting on the cupcake.
Well, maybe I should hang up there.
Paul Harvey, Jr. ladies and gentlemen.
A man who just, uh, so what are you doing up there?
I'm working my ass off.
Doing what?
Are you peddling your ass?
I'm working on a big audit up here for insurance.
Great.
Yeah.
Let me tell you the weather up here sucks.
Anybody down there who would ever complain.
It's got to be insane.
Yeah.
Got to be.
I got news for you.
There are a lot more people up there than there are here.
There must be a reason for it.
Well, anyway, um, here for a couple more weeks and then I'm going to be back home.
I miss it.
Great.
Boy, we sure miss talking to you.
Oh, awesome.
Yeah.
I'll bet you do.
I'll bring a Jim and Tammy feedback with you.
They're going to be big in the news again.
She's got those earrings the size of a month.
I thought Tammy's around you right now somewhere down there.
I have no idea where she is.
All I know is she's wearing those gigantic button earrings the size of Vermont.
And they're just embarrassing.
But it would be great to kick their ass around a little bit again.
You know what I'm saying?
And he said if a miracle does occur and he does get out, he's going to start his ministry again, right?
Right.
Don't mark.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I know I found some money with everybody up here is so excited about getting Eric Kumaro as
they're back up quarterback.
Well, I'm glad they're excited.
I'm glad that they have important things to talk about like Eric Kumaro.
Can you imagine that?
Mm-hmm.
Other than that, everything's fine.
Are they in for a big summer?
How about ready for another snowfall?
Great.
So.
Well, say hi to Harry and all my good friend up there at War of Eat and anyplace good?
Yeah, I have.
We went to Harry Carrey's.
The food was so so but the ball was really neat.
We ate at the Tang Dynasty, which was excellent.
Did you go over to the palm?
No, I haven't been there yet.
Oh, boy, is that a good place?
Yeah.
And Gino's East and West.
I went to Gino's.
I've been there like three times right now.
I've been there like three or Uno and what's that Italian restaurant we kept talking about
begins with an S.
There's a good cheese.
There's a good cheese.
Is that a scoosies?
Scoosies?
Yeah.
I'll go to scoosies, believe me.
Okay.
The food up here I got to tell you is better than anywhere else I've eaten.
Yeah.
Food in Chicago is some of the best in the world.
But the people, one thing I have noticed, the people here are not very friendly.
The service is excellent.
People are not friendly?
The people out on the street.
Well, I don't agree with that.
I don't know where you've been hanging out.
Well, that right downtown.
Right downtown.
I don't, I didn't find that.
People here are pigs too.
When the snow melts it's unbelievable.
How much garbage is on the sides of the roads and on the sidewalks and everywhere else?
It's unbelievable.
You know, people down there complain.
I don't understand.
But the city I love, the weather sucks.
People suck.
What the hell?
Well, you sit right in.
The money is excellent.
Like I said.
Anyway.
Good day.
Just one call and good day.
1052 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the long distance line.
655 WIOD in Palm Beach.
Let's go to Isla Marotta.
Hello.
Martin Eel.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
At a little momentary lapse there, I forgot where it was, but I feel okay now.
It's okay.
It's lesions on the brain.
Yeah.
It's a casualty of 60s.
Anyway, it's interesting to hear you talk about the apathy in the country.
I'm sure you've seen it every day on here.
Yes, sir.
They don't give a crap about anything.
And about 80% of the people who claim to care about the troops in the war, and they don't, you know, they do it because it's a happening.
It's an in thing.
They don't give a damn about anything, but their own little meaningless, pathetic lives, sir.
That's really good.
It's all they give a crap about.
In fact, that should be the new national slogan.
I have no life.
That's right.
Yeah.
That's true.
And imagine if the apathy is at this level for an international conflict.
Because it's size.
Right.
Imagine what it normally is for a regular voting.
Oh, man.
For men.
They don't give a crap about anything.
And then they belly it.
It's like, oh gee, look what we got.
We got to bumping eyes.
I mean, what do they expect?
Okay.
You get out of something, whatever you put into it.
And these people put nothing into anything.
Okay.
They're a bunch of slime balls.
Truly true.
We can sure be proud that we got 100% volunteer force over there.
And they've made some decisions.
And they've got to be out there.
Yeah.
Thank God for them, boy.
Thank God for them.
And then all these cowering little, uh,
Snivley douchebags that are right, oh, we're going to have a draft.
Oh, we're going to have a draft.
They're carrying us on the track.
Do you only think we can be proud of us at Amt Troops that are over there?
The American public makes you puke.
That's the fact.
I think you're right too about the, uh, about the Kennedy thing.
I was just listening to that.
I just turned it on when you said that.
And I don't want to get into big conspiracy theory or anything like that.
But I think you're right.
I mean, no question in my mind that there were elements of the CIA
and others higher up in the United States government that were responsible
for the assassinations of John Kennedy, Bobby Kennedy, and Martin Luther King.
I would know.
And yet when it comes yet, we were so high for Luton and we're so, uh,
oh, there he is again.
I can't take any standing in the dark.
You'll never guess who's on CNN right now.
With that look like Dracula on a bad day with the needs of a haircut over his neck.
Man, stick him in the desert and give him and put him together with Rick Sanchez.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Let him stand out in front of Rick Sanchez's newsmobile, okay?
It's sure not above the saying to put a bunch of people on top of his bunker
and other types of bunkers, too.
I mean, we can't, you know, we said here we worry about 300, 400 people in spray.
It's nice to have that concern.
But as you said before, the millions of people that have died both just as victims of war
and fighting for the Arab.
That's right.
How about the people in the civilians in Israel who died and were severely wounded?
Many of them were discussed.
They're not even involved in the war.
Exactly.
And yet they, you know, they got to stay out.
Everybody's got an eye up in the sky waiting to get hysterical with them.
But all of a sudden, here's the country that the whole world is fighting
and some of their civilians are being killed.
And we don't even know the circumstances.
And right away, our whole media is turning up.
Oh, we're doing it wrong.
And we're just not being careful enough.
It's not surgical enough.
That's the biggest pile of crap I've ever heard in my life.
True.
Well, on a woman standing on top of that rock pile.
I keep thinking of that picture shaking her finger.
You would do this.
You would do this.
Yeah.
I'm sure the people in Kuwait like to take her and pluck her eyes out.
Right.
And stick them where the moon don't shine.
Anyway, I wonder what she'd see.
Go ahead.
On a smaller note, it's closer to home.
Seriously, did you ever think about that if you did pluck somebody's eyes out
and stuck them where the moon don't shine?
What would they see?
Well, I don't know.
It'd be like that headlights bang on it.
Probably like being deep in the bowels of the University of the gigantic black hole, I guess.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
I'm talking about a different type of pig rapport.
I was watching that flipping through the channels on regular television the other night.
And they came out with this commercial.
And I was called the up months or months or so ago about to count down the crisis spring.
Oh, anyway.
This is another kind of thing like that.
Although I think it's really much more serious.
I saw a commercial about a guy walking down a prison row like he's going down either death row
or he's going to go into prison for life.
It either shows him his choice as the electric chair or prison for life if you kill a cop.
But the average person that commits a murder I think in the United States against a citizen
they're looking at it probably 10 years.
Yeah.
I'd never been able to understand it.
Like the life of a cop is somehow more valuable in life of somebody else.
This guy's dissection between authority figures and the people that pay the taxes.
Yeah.
Is this tremendous harbinger of the separation between the, you know, between authority and totalitarianism?
And I want to take care of it on that issue.
But it's really true and they date.
Well, let's not get too carried away, sir, because the audience is that this is not the date for this.
They're in dupervality and fun and games and we don't want to destroy a rain on their parade.
Yeah, well you're right.
Okay.
It's sad.
It really is.
Well, and it's never going to change.
I can't imagine how, I mean, I understand your job and I listen to you.
If I haven't been listening to long time but I sure am thankful that at least we've got some type of an outlet for the freedom of speech and first amendment.
At least information distributed in different ways other than the Harold and South Florida.
I can't imagine how you can tolerate the after-day via just a matter of time.
Well, that's why I don't do it anymore.
That's why I don't do that stuff anymore.
And then I lapse back into it or get stuck back into it like in this case and all of a sudden I get a rude awakening.
They don't want it.
Yeah, you're right.
They just want to watch MTV.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll be going F on.
Give pieces a chance.
See you later.
1057 at WIOD.
We have an open lane and died at 7519463 and one in Palm Beach 655 WIOD.
655 9463 Hollywood.
Now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a question.
I was asking in a review with Alexander Heyg on T-Span yesterday.
Yeah.
And somebody called me at a good point that since we're sending these pamphlets over to our rack, you know, to them to turn themselves in.
Why don't we send pictures of how well we're treating their prisoners as an incentive for them to turn themselves in?
What do you think about that?
Pictures of how do you send pictures of how well you're treating their prisoners?
I don't understand.
We've got over a thousand EPWs and understand how you do that.
Well, I mean, I have the suit that they're eating, how to be treated.
Yeah, well, yeah, that's a good idea.
Well, I'm sure that there'll be more.
I'm sure that this is just the beginning of the dropping all these leaflets by air with hundreds of thousands of them.
Right.
And another thing, Alexander Heyg, I don't know, this sounds ridiculous to me, but he said, why don't we give them a reward incentive?
When they turn their pamphlets in with themselves, I mean, you give them a reward.
What do you think about that?
Yeah, give them a pound of hollivar or something.
They'll do it.
All right now.
Have a great life, pal.
Okay.
1059 at WIOD, we have an open line at Broward, 524 We Don't Care, 5249463.
I'd be honest with you.
It's really kind of pointless to sit here and read about these rallies and these different things going on,
because it's obvious that this audience, or the most people, I don't want to say this audience,
because I'm not going to take that rap.
People in general don't give a flying crap.
Okay, they really don't.
There's a small percentage you'd do, and most people don't give a crap.
And that's...
And I know you can argue with me about that all you want, but I know that, because I know human nature.
I know the way people are.
People are in our own dream worlds, and they don't give a damn.
They're oblivious.
And all this jazz about their so concerned about the lives of the troops in human life,
don't feed me that crap.
Human life has been devalued at the point.
It's like stepping on cockroaches.
It's a sad commentary, but it's true.
Anyway, on that uplifting note, it's time for Henry Barrow and the 11 o'clock WIOD news.
And then we'll come back and put on a happy face for you.
Okay?
Yeah, we're going to do that for three solid hours today.
Rick and Scuttle be here from 2-6 this afternoon.
Joseph Gackie and Jim Mandage on Sports Talk at 6-05.
Jim Palmer and his underwear with Hank Goldberg 8-11 tonight.
It was a bombing night in downtown Baghdad.
Everything's under control now.
I've come back to the real world after a little flight into the twilight zone.
When you see what happened during the first two weeks,
we had enormous numbers of people who came over and tuned to this radio station
because there was enormous interest.
There was a lot of news coming out every day, and we were passing it along.
And all the discussion was about what was going on, pro and con, in and out, whatever.
And now that that isn't going on, because the trickle of information is down to like a slow leak,
those people are mostly gone.
Because when a hunger round had found out we don't do that every day, then they're gone.
Or they would have been here in the first place.
So that's basically where we are.
We're not going to dilute ourselves into believing that anybody who cares about anything is still around.
Okay? So I feel better now.
It's 11-08 at WIOD.
I think what they ought to do really is just fight the whole damn war
and tell nothing about it, get it over with, bring everybody home safe,
and then they can give us a report.
Because otherwise it's impossible.
Let's go to sunrise, shall we? Hello.
Hello, Nene.
We love you.
We'll hang up if we discuss the Gulf War.
What is that?
I said, will you hang up if we discuss anything?
I won't hang up if we discuss anything.
But I mean, it's obvious that what I said is true though, isn't it?
Very short attention span.
I really know a lot of people are still very concerned.
They're concerned, they're concerned, they're concerned.
Okay, could I say that in the first few days of the coverage,
or the first few days of the war, I feel at least two articles
buried within the newspaper about the cozy arrangements CNN had
with the Iraqi government.
And Peter on that's been doing this kind of reporting since North Vietnam.
He was chasing around the North Vietnam guerrillas
and making the same kind of stupid reports.
I don't watch CNN now if I can help it,
because it sets me too much of how to demoralize everybody.
Isn't just demoralizing, but they're actually interfering with the war.
They're interfering with the Allied Forces conduct of the war,
and they're interfering with the balance of world public opinion.
It's one thing to report it, but it's another thing to allow themselves
to be used as a propaganda to alert or achieve certain objectives.
And they just pretend, oh, we're just presenting a balanced picture.
We're just going to keep on doing it.
Peter, that's a great reporter.
I mean, that people ought to be outraged at them.
They ought to be foaming at the mouth over what they're doing.
Well, I know.
They're disgrace.
There's one point I would like to kind of make.
We'll demoralize the parade when the vets come home,
which they should have.
Wouldn't it be nice if we got a movement going where they invited the Vietnam veterans
to parade with them and get the glory that they deserve to be original?
That would be great.
They were ordered by the same way these boys were to go and do a job.
Maybe we could get Ramsay Clark to organize.
Yeah, right.
Maybe we could stick him in the middle of the parade,
hang him up in front of all the troops.
It would be really nice.
Really nice.
Remember what they do with Mussolini?
Yeah, right.
Take Ramsay and Peter R. Net will use it a double noose.
Well, John Chan was not doing too bad a job these days either.
I've been listening to him.
He's really, really.
He looks so mad about it all.
I haven't...
Well, what is his song now?
What is he singing?
Well, pretty much like he's getting to be found a little bit like Peter Jennings.
He's kind of pants I go for.
He's really furious about what he thinks the allies are doing over there.
Oh.
Okay.
Like we're fighting a war.
Yeah, right.
On today's...
So in other words, what we ought to do is just send all of our kids across into the...
We ought to just start the ground war right now to be expedient for them.
Let the half a million landmines blow them all up and just get it over with them.
Bring everybody home in a body bag.
Is that what they want us to do?
I just...
The media just suck.
They really do.
I mean, there's nothing anybody could say about the media that would be low enough to be honest.
And they're like the doctors.
They're like the doctors.
Yeah, they're bunch of horrors.
They're bunch of horrors.
Well, on page 4a of the Sun Sentinel today, there's a small article, Anticeean and Coalition forms.
If with your connection is maybe getting it to information on where people can contact this coalition,
they're going to try to get Peter on that removed from Iraq.
Great.
In fact, I have that in my hand.
Or where's the article?
Or a on the left.
Well, there it is.
I've got it right here.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
And one more point, please.
Yes?
Oh, there's going to be a power play after this is all over between Iran and Syria.
And now the man behind the throne in this country is...
It was only made public a couple of times and very small articles.
Our John Sanuno is a two-in-one Syrian.
So I don't know how much influence he's having on this whole thing anyway.
And I'll hang up now.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward, 5249463 and 1 in Palm Beach, 655 WIOD.
She kind of led me into this and we'll move that thing up, George, to this break.
No, seriously, because on page 4a I have it right in front of me.
And it's not a big article, but it's in the Digest where they have a bunch of columns in the Sun Sentinel
and the third one down says anti-CNN coalition forums.
And it's about a coalition of conservative groups.
Far be it for me to be conservative in this case, but this transcends partisan politics.
And they're working desperately to get the CNN and its correspondent Peter Arnett removed from Iraq
to stop the propaganda voice.
If you want to read it and if you want to make 8 million copies of it and kind of help spread the idea,
pick up today's Sun Sentinel, okay?
And we'll be right back.
Now we're in good shape.
Peter Jr. is in here.
Now you're right.
They have just, they're lost, but I know you're going to say something I'm going to get hysterical about.
No, I'm not.
Okay.
I'm laying back on this.
I spoke my piece a while ago and we'll just let it go.
You have your piece of a while ago.
And yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
You just got saying not only do they have short attention spans, but they have bad memory.
Very short memories, yeah.
Like what?
Well, okay.
What are we talking about here?
The press or the war?
I don't know.
You made the state category.
I know what we're going to do with you.
Pick up me and then that bad said and don't give up a map.
No, I'll tell you, the Peter R. Net thing, you still feel the same way.
Yes, I do.
You think it's great that he's there showing all this.
I do.
And I, and that they're manipulating that.
Well, I'm not saying that.
In other words, if civilians get killed in war, that's something that's we should feel bad about.
Is that what you're saying?
Well, of course we should feel bad about it, but it's, it's all.
In other words, it'll be better for our troops to get killed.
That would be okay because that's us.
I'm not saying anyone should be.
I say no.
That's what I say.
No, drop wheels on them.
Yeah.
I've had it.
So I'm here for a few days.
I thought you were going to say something intelligent, but I should have known.
Oh, I doubt that.
Okay.
Well, at least I got you to give it off on issue instead of wasting your own valuable time with it.
Four hours on pussy cats yesterday.
Alex Bennett was upset about my dog almost died that day with the pendulum.
He would have really loved that show on cats.
I don't know what the problem is.
You people have a problem with cats in the neighborhood.
Almost everybody's got a microwave nowadays.
You do it on the day that the maid is coming.
You do it early in the morning.
And when the maid comes, she just swabs it out of there.
You got no problem at all.
Well, see you there once again, though.
I'm 45 seconds on slow cook.
I think it would be good.
A lot of the blame put on the cats, but it shouldn't be on the owners.
It's like kids, you know.
What do you do?
He's got ding dong school.
I love it.
How the progier this morning.
You guys like smoked something like the carpet?
He's smoking a Persian carpet.
I wonder what that means.
Well, it's not too tough.
I wonder what that means.
He's smoking a Persian carpet this morning before he goes in for his big meat with boi giri.
By the way, Al Goldstein sent me a giant salami in the mail.
Oh, he did.
And also sent something else with it, too.
He said, take me to your ruler.
So he sent me your ruler.
Give me this big salami.
I think it was wishful thinking.
So anyway, go and see if you can find some of that around the building.
We did something special for you.
We spiced it up a little bit.
All right.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
Thank you very much.
Okay, there he goes.
Off to ding dong school.
I really regret that.
It's 11.19 WIOD.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Several things.
First of all, did you catch Saturday night live the beginning of it last Saturday night?
