He terrorized you in silence of the land.
Hannibal the Hannibal.
Now he'll tandalize you at Hannibal House.
Yes, Hannibal House, where the food is always flesh.
And now try our new, smorgasth morgh,
featuring all you can eat finger food.
Uh, yeah, I'll have the hand and Swiss on right.
I want a hot long foot dog here.
Hungry for breakfast? Try our 69 cent special.
Scramble legs with fresh toast.
And, uh, I'd like a coffee, too, please.
It regular or decadentated?
Uh, never mind.
And don't forget dessert.
Try our world famous hot apple pie.
Ah!
This week order to stand at liver and onions with a drink
and keep the glasses.
Or a hearing aid.
Even a complete set of dentures.
Why not bring a friend for dinner?
Hannibal House.
Tint the flight bar.
Oh, boy, this got to be a mistake, isn't it?
Is this like a dream?
I finally did see that movie Jacobs Ladder, by the way.
Strange movie.
Very...
Can somebody tell me what that was all about?
Was that a dream?
Was that whole thing a hallucination?
It's like, what's upon a time in America?
You watch the whole thing.
And you get to the end and you figure, what the hell is that all about?
Anyway, I guess this isn't a bad dream.
Here I am back again in this exciting swing in town, boy.
Are we doing it or what?
Oh!
Yeah.
This is where it's at.
This is a happening place, man.
And if you believe that, you'll believe almost anything.
You'll believe that our sales department has a collective IQ bigger than their shoe size.
You see this log, man?
I'll tell you, we've had a going out of business sale at KAT one day.
We had a better log than this.
This is incredible.
Anyway, it's 1007 at WIOD.
Lots of excitement in town.
Of course, we got Major League Baseball.
What are we talking about at WIOD?
Football!
Oh!
Oh, we get long.
That's all we're talking about football.
Hey, how about the Gators?
How about the Hurricanes?
Man, there's this kid who played at PUI up in Madison, Wisconsin.
Man, he can run 102 seconds.
What a town, you know, it never changes.
It just never changes.
It ain't never going to change.
Monday, there's nobody in town.
We're not going to get 10 calls the whole show today.
What the hell did I come back for?
Anyway, the good news is we're going to Chicago.
See, there were a lot of people who said to me,
boy, you're going to be sorry.
You're going to Europe and elsewhere in all kinds of places,
which I went to Europe and in Vegas, which I'll get to in a moment.
And you're not going to want to travel again,
like the end of the same week.
You're going to be exhausted.
Well, guess what?
I'm ready right now.
What time does the plane leave for almost anywhere?
And of course, the reason that we're always told nothing goes on here
in the summertime and this town drives up like a gigantic prune
is because it's hot and it's humid.
Well, I got news for you.
On the 4th of July in Vegas, it was 113.
113.
And they always say that, well, you know, that's that dry heat.
It's not that humid.
Yeah, right.
When it's 113 in Vegas, it don't feel like one degree more than 112.
I'll tell you that right now.
It's just mild.
You could, you could fry an egg on your armpit.
It's that hot.
And you don't care.
Because every place is air conditioned.
You're having a great time.
There's living and breathing people.
The city was packed.
And you'll never guess who I heard on the FM.
I'm in my red car cut list.
In my fire engine red cut list.
And I flip it around on FM.
And I hear this voice.
I said, that can't be.
That can't be who I think it is.
It's on the soft rock station.
And I think soft was the operative word in his case.
We'll have to ask, what's your name about that?
But anyway, it was lead Gillette.
Formerly from the coast, formerly from Zeta, formerly from like,
Erie market in America.
He's kind of like the Jeff Charles of FM.
He works every place for about a month and then gets
can to go someplace else.
So lead Gillette was on the year out there on FM in Vegas.
I know that'll get a lot of his fan excited.
Didn't have too much time to listen to radio though.
I guess it's not worth it.
That's why nobody makes any money out there.
Because who the hell listens to radio in Vegas?
You're too busy having a good time.
I notice Hank is on vacation this week,
which I'll get to him in a minute.
Do you think he went to Vegas again?
He was just out there for the fight.
Anyway, I said I was going to hit all the high spots.
A little that I realized I did.
I was in Amsterdam.
I was in Stockholm.
I had an unscheduled couple of days in Copenhagen,
which I was totally wrong about that place.
That's a great town.
That is a magnificent city.
Stockholm is beautiful, but the weather there is so cold,
it's just brutal, awful.
Like in almost July and it's like raining and 60 degrees,
it's a nightmare.
And then I came back for a weekend and I sat around
in this boring God-for-sake in town and I boarded my dogs
and I got on a plane.
I went to Vegas and had four of the greatest days of my life.
Four and a half days, almost five.
Hundred and six degrees the first day.
Then it was up to 108, 111.
And finally, it's kind of like a cap or on the 4th of July
to go in line with the fireworks.
113.
Who the hell ever heard of it being 113?
Nobody ever heard of that.
But now it's a dry desert.
And then I'm coming to work this morning
and during one of our infrequent commercial breaks,
I punch up to see if my friend Norm can't
still live over on the light bulb.
I don't know what their story is over there.
You never have the same person on twice two days in a row
at the same time.
He must be on vacation or something.
And Gregory Benjamin was on air and he had this
hello doctor show.
I couldn't believe it.
If there was any doubt in my mind that I was back in this town,
that convinced me.
Hello doctor.
Uh-huh.
It was the most embarrassing ten minutes I have ever suffered
through in my life.
I just couldn't believe it.
So now I know I'm back where I belong.
Twelve minutes after ten at WIOD,
George did a magnificent job of editing those tapes.
He tells me the phones were ringing off the hook.
We probably had more calls during the tapes.
The best of tapes than we're going to get today.
Look at that.
We got four stinking calls lit.
Lines, whatever they are.
Which don't rush because I got lots to talk about.
Believe me.
Lots.
I could do the whole show on the sales department,
but I was doing that before I went away.
So I'll be just picking up where I left off.
I mean they are so impossible.
It's just there are no words to describe it.
We're still running spots from before I went on vacation.
For sales there were over like six years ago at places that have been in business for five years.
One of the spots come on for the famous.
That's what I want to know.
Anyway, it's ten fifteen at WIOD.
So I come back into town for, you see, people using as excuse.
Well, you know what?
It's hot and humid.
People don't want to stick around.
That's why all the snowbirds go back up north and nobody wants to come here in a summertime.
Let me say it again.
It was 113 in the shade.
It was so hot.
I don't care whether it's dry desert heat or what you want to call it.
It was suffocating.
And the places out there were packed.
Forget about the maras.
You can get anywhere near there.
And by the way, if there's anybody else going to Vegas,
I found a place to stay that will knock your socks off.
It's the Merriott Residence Inn.
And this one is on Paradise Road just to block off the strip.
And I'm telling you for like about a hundred bucks a night.
I know you can stay in a casino.
It's for almost nothing.
If you want to stay in a casino and have to valley park your car every time
and put up with all that crap, I don't like to do that.
I like to go wherever the hell I want.
Residence Inn.
And they're all over the country.
This is the greatest thing.
It's like having your own apartment.
They call them a studio.
But they're huge.
And they have a full kitchen with a microwave and a big refrigerator with an ice maker and a hole.
But it's like having your own apartment for a week or however long.
In fact, they rent a month by the week or the month or whatever.
Great, sensational.
The best place I've ever stayed in Vegas, outstanding.
And I started to say I never got near the Mirage because I went there to valley park one day and forget it.
Valley park.
And this was like a nine o'clock in the morning.
Full, sorry.
So if you wanted a self park, you'd have to park about two miles away in their expansive lot and walk in a hundred and ten degree heat.
Well, there's only ten in the morning.
So maybe there's only a hundred and nine.
For two miles, so I said forget it.
Screw that.
But I'm just saying that to give you an idea of how jam packed every place was from the start us to palestation to you name it.
All of them.
Just jam packed with people loaded.
And everybody having a great time.
And again, hundred, ten, hundred, eleven, twelve, hundred, thirteen degrees on the fourth of July.
And jam packed with people spending their hard earned dollars like it was coming out of a sieve.
Coming out of a faucet.
So anyway, before I went to Vegas, last weekend, not this past, but the previous weekend I came back from Europe.
Long, long, grueling trip back.
And I turned on the radio and I'm hearing on a Monday morning.
We could go, would have been two, well, two weeks ago today or we could go today.
I guess a week ago today.
And I'm listening to the tapes, the best of which I hate to say, but I enjoyed it.
I thought it was pretty good if I do say so myself.
And I hear a promo for Hank Goldberg saying, my guest tonight is going to be Sandy Payton.
I immediately got on a plane and went to Vegas.
I mean, are we trying to turn the clock back? Is that what we really want?
I have a feeling that this station has a death wish.
I really believe that.
I really do believe that they'll they'll they long for those old days.
When they had Sandy and Bill Smith and this monotonous boring sports where they talk about sports
that aren't even in season all day.
Sandy Payton.
I mean, are we serious?
They were desperate to get that bitch out of here and now Hank brings her back on again.
Because Hank, I guess, wants to be the hero of all the geriatric set.
I don't know what it's all about.
We worked our ass off to get living and breathing demographics for two and a half years.
And now we're trying our damnedest to go back to what we used to be.
Radio death.
But I guess when you're in this market, I guess maybe that's all you got to choose from.
Certainly at this time of the year, the living and breathing people are all gone.
There's nobody here.
There ain't nobody here.
Because if anybody's got more than like five dollars in their pocket,
there are I heard Mike this morning talking about how his mind was like somewhere else he kept envisioning
and he's going off to the keys and they're having another cruise on Thursday.
There's just something about this town.
It was last weekend.
I'm telling you, was so depressing coming back here from Europe.
That I was determined when I got up Monday morning, I was going to go anywhere.
If I couldn't get a plane ticket to Vegas, I just go somewhere anywhere just to get out of here.
Now there's got to be something wrong with that.
Can't just be me.
There has to be something missing here like life, like people under the age of death.
Sandy, Peyton, I hope that we get a caller today from somebody who heard that show.
What could she possibly have talked about besides sugar cookies?
What could she possibly have talked about on this station that she almost destroyed
with Bill Smith for like two, three, four years with those terminal shows on bilingualism?
If I have to hear one more show on bilingualism, I'm going to puke in Spanish.
Which sounds kind of tasty, doesn't it?
Wow.
Watch out for those free holies, man. Those are really a mess.
What am I getting excited about?
What am I getting all worked up about?
There's nobody here.
All weekend long that I've been back, I keep thinking of myself, I dread coming in for two reasons.
First of all, I'm coming back from vacation, which I don't want to be here.
And number two, I'm thinking there's nobody here anyway.
Who the hell am I going to be talking to?
I got like 50 pounds of mail.
What I'm here, I get like very little mail.
I go away for two weeks.
I got 50 pounds of crap mail.
Hate letters, garbage, nonsense, and worth, I'm right in again about casino gambling, good luck, Stan.
Here's this big headline in the paper, baseball, yes.
In big letters, front page of the Sun Central, gigantic, enormous explosive headline on Saturday.
And I turned on this station Saturday evening and we're talking football.
With Mr. I took a shower with every jock in the world.
Talking football again.
Ah, and how about those gators and the kids and what about the dolphins?
I don't understand it.
I just for the lot.
And then yesterday, you know who a dodo bird head on, Mr. Can't see the force for the trees.
He's got a real moral on.
I go to the story yesterday, I turn on our station for two minutes and then who calls in, but Henry Barrow,
another one of his stories about how he used to be great when they used to let him in the orange bolt.
And how he was staggering out his hands and knees and they kicked him in the face and broke his glasses again.
And it was Earl Moral that did it and all or whatever the hell he was talking about.
I punched it right off.
I went to FM.
I couldn't believe it.
I could not believe it.
I got like 700 copies in the mail and Roger saved it for me.
The tropic thing about the Teflon anchor, Rick Sanchez.
And then there was a piece about Larry King that I got about 2000 of those.
There is a picture in here in this tropic thing of Rick is putting on his makeup.
It's pretty smart when you got to put your own makeup on, you know?
Pretty low budget here next door.
But anyway, here's Sally with her hair in curlers.
Have you seen this?
Oh, this is worth, somebody sent me a picture of this and I didn't know what it was.
In all that mail I just opened.
And I didn't know who it was or what it was and I just threw it away.
And now I look at this thing and say, right next to Rick who's putting his lipstick on,
purple, by the way.
Here's Sally with her hair up in curlers.
What's that instrument she's got on her left hand, I wonder.
Anyway, it's 1024 at WIOD.
I understand Rick and SUDs run their worst behavior while I was awake.
Cory, who we thought we had ridden him by already.
See when the rats away, the cats will play or saw how where that thing goes.
That's just how it is.
Like a bunch of children.
Cory, chronic pain in the ass, boring, embarrassing with that rap crap.
Okay.
Another one of these white guys who thinks it's cool to be black now.
I just don't understand that.
I was on a plane coming from, I was going from Fort Lauderdale to Vegas.
So on the first part of that, Fort Lauderdale to Dallas, guys sitting next to me, looks at me,
and right away I realize you know who I am.
His name is Al Rothstein.
He used to work at Channel 4, big phantomite, good guy.
And we're talking about local TV and about all this other.
And you know, the thing with Channel 7 is everybody realizes there are joke.
It's hysterical.
It's a panic.
Who could possibly take them seriously?
And they're over here next door right now.
Putting on their makeup.
And with the ricks, hair is up and the curlers and everything.
It's just an incredibly bad joke.
Speaking of plane trips, by the way, why is it that the last, every time you go on vacation?
The last leg of the last plane trip coming back home is always the worst part.
All the other trips from here to Amsterdam everywhere, no matter where I went, no problem at all.
Great flights, smooth, even KLM, of course they know how to do it.
The food was good even.
But coming back from Dallas, this is out of Vegas, coming from Dallas to Fort Lauderdale, the worst flight in my life.
And of course the reason for that is there's always like storms in the middle of the summertime, along the Gulf Coast,
and especially as you get to Florida.
And the plane is dropping and the doors are rocking and clapping and clapping and pimping.
And you can just, you're glad you're in first class because you can hear behind the curtains,
you can hear the sound of all the muffled barf bags being ripped out of the things there.
All over the place.
Man, we got to Florida and all of a sudden just dropping and puking.
And you could see the lightning, it was at night, so it was really exciting.
It was like a free Fourth of July fireworks show about a week later.
It was great.
So anyway, Cory makes it come back.
Was on, I understand from my inside spy for at least one whole show and maybe a second show.
But anyway, I was starting to mention that the guy, Al Rothstein, he is in a business now where the guy's got to be making some bucks,
where they distribute, they pedal all these syndicated shows like Arsenio, and Oprah, and Heraldon, all his crap.
So he has Arsenio.
And we were talking about this phenomenon now, which I still don't understand about where it's hip for white guys to want to be black.
Remember months ago we did that thing about rap music and how it was in, which now it's like kind of borderline.
But that's the whole new deal now.
Is it's hip to talk black lingo and to try to be like Arsenio.
Other than having his money, I can't imagine why anybody would want to be like Arsenio, but it's just the part of Americana.
Anyway, so getting back to Rick and Suds, you know, they were talking about doing their show at Amstodem, and as I was there for four very, I always have a great time there.
You can't help but have a good time.
I was thinking to myself, they don't want to come here and do a show.
Amstodem is like a freak show.
When you're inside anywhere, you're inside your hotel, you're inside a restaurant, it's like, you know, an interesting but kind of normal place.
When you go outside, no matter where you walk, it's like a freak show.
Like 95% of the people walking the streets in Amstodem looked like they just came out of a circus, out of a carnival.
I'm serious, it's bizarre.
And as far as that aroma, I got news for him.
I don't, you know, if you want to smoke a little rope or whatever you're doing, that's up to you.
But I always thought that was the dog droppings on the ground.
At last two times, I was there. I thought these dogs had bad diet.
Because you do see lots of piles in the street, okay?
But that's not what that aroma's coming.
The aroma comes from all those cafes and it smells bad.
I mean, if that stuff does to your brain, what the equivalent of how it smells, no one of those people all look like zombies, okay?
And as far as the sex part of it is concerned, I don't, you know, it's interesting to walk by the red light district.
And you see the big old church and there's all these windows.
First of all, if you have to pay for sex and ams to them, you've got to be desperate.
Even more desperate than I am.
I mean, if you can't get laid in the ams to them, you might as well forget it.
And secondly, these prostitutes in the window are so fat and so ugly.
I mean, that's what I keep thinking to myself.
Who are the guys who come in here and do business?
I mean, they've got to be more desperate than anybody I've ever met in my life, even Johnny Dark.
Well, close.
Listen, he don't pay for anything, okay?
For that, no way, but he don't pay for anything.
I just don't understand that.
I mean, they're ugly.
They're all ugly and fat.
And they sit in those windows or stand around in the windows like they're desperate.
Like, please, won't somebody come in?
It's not business ain't too good today.
And I can understand why.
So I just don't think that's where they really want to do.
And, you know, I could be wrong, but I just, it's just bizarre.
And if you want to go to a place to watch people, go to Copenhagen.
I would not see.
I was only there one day last year and I was sick and I come out of vacation short and I came back.
And I didn't really get to see any of the city or what was going on.
That's a great place and talk about beautiful people.
Even the old people look good in Denmark.
The, that's what, that must be where they got to term great things.
Because I've got news for you, man.
Those people are incredible looking in Denmark.
Just the best.
By test, trust me.
So that basically covers, did I leave anything out?
I mean, I could sit here and ramble on for four hours, but I know we're going to get tons of call.
Also, you know, when you're on these long flights, and it's like nine hours from here to Amsterdam,
and about, I guess eight and a half and nine coming back because you're going against the headwinds.
You have a lot of time to read.
I read some of the best books I've ever read.
Now, that may not sound too exciting on vacation, but when you're sitting on a plane and you can't sleep, I guess that's about all you're going to do.
One, I predict is going to be the next Godfather.
I'm sure they're going to make a movie out of it. It's called Sins of the Father.
Then we have a call about that.
Call her to before I went away. I think so.
Great book, true story about this guy who was in the mob, all of his life.
Kind of like a petty mob kind of guy with his family in New Jersey, of course.
And how finally he's going to go up the river for Coke.
They set him up and he gets caught with a whole bunch of Coke that he's peddling.
And so he turns witness and he goes into that the government witness protection program.
And they have to keep moving them and they move the family to Buffalo and they change their names.
Then they move into somewhere else and the kid is a high school football player.
It's an incredible story. It's a great book.
One of the other books, Monkey on a Stick, which is about the Harry Krishnas.
If there's anybody out there who think even thinking about belonging to a cult.
I mean, if you haven't learned already that religion is a bunch of crap to begin with.
I mean, the Harry Krishnas are some of the all-time worst.
It's in all the bookstores now. Monkey on a Stick, it's a great book.
For those of you who are into the Anne Rule, Jack Olson type books,
I'm a big fan of the true crime stories.
There was a book called Victim.
And I can't think of the author of it.
But man, just a gut-wrenching horrendous book, but really great reading.
True story. These are all true stories.
And there was another one that was very disturbing called Most Likely to Succeed.
And these things about these pointless murders.
I don't know why I become obsessed or fascinated with reading them.
But I just can't put these books down.
You get through them like an unless-the-one plane trip. You're through a whole book.
And already there was a book which I finished in just the trip from Vegas coming back to here.
And I can't think of the name of it.
It was about the case up in New England.
We saw lots of the footage from the murder trial with the kid where the fell in love with his teacher,
although she wasn't really a teacher. She was like some kind of a pseudo teacher.
And she convinced him that the only way he could be with her.
Kids like 15, 16 years old is to kill her husband.
And so he and a couple of his friends did.
They shot the husband and killed him.
And I can't think of them. The trial is over like it just not even warm yet.
The jury is just barely a comb in their hair getting back home.
And already there's a book up. But it was very good.
And speaking of that is anybody seen the new court TV.
I don't know if that's on any of the local cable systems.
It did start the day that I was leaving on to go to Vegas.
It started a week ago today. Court TV. July 1st came on. I have it on the satellite.
Pretty interesting. In fact, on the first day they showed on tape.
One of there was a murder trial going on in for Lauderdale.
And one of the attorneys, the defense attorney.
They had the jury out of the room and he gets into a screaming match with the judge.
And his all pissed off because the judge told him that he was the worst attorney he ever saw.
And the judge is saying, I didn't say that to you.
And the attorney walks out of the room and then comes back in and demands that the judge recuse himself from the trial.
And the judge walks out. It was great. That's good.
I don't know if it's going to be on the local cable systems.
Probably not because it's too interesting.
Pembroke Pines.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Glad you had a good time in Vegas. Let me tell you, George, did a hell of a job where you're gone.
Anyways, do you watch the Cubs game last night?
George, did a hell of a job while I was gone. Yeah, I watched the first eight innings, sir. And I went to bed, thank God.
Unbelievable. How did that move out of beyond me?
Well, there are experts at it. We got a lot of practice.
Well, listen, let me tell you. Just cut back from the breakfast poses.
First of all, sir, let me say this to you. We don't discuss baseball on this station.
We only discuss football on WIOD.
No matter what the temperature is, no matter what the time of the year is, even if the day before we got a big headline, it's his baseball.
Yes, it's official. We got the Marlins.
We still, we don't discuss baseball on WIOD.
Oh, this is true. Let me tell you.
It's got back from the breakfast pose position drawn at the second leg of the fantasy park derby here.
Just wanted to know if you want to be interested in it.
We're here on about the eight horses that'll be running. It's a 500,000 grade one event.
Post one position was drawn from the Hank Olbergs table. And it's Hanky-Panky.
He's going to be written by Chris McCarran, his odds are currently at eight to one.
Post position two will be Lady Komaneista, who, as you know, won the Wath event, which was LA and Head Tours race, but she was just qua...
Okay, listen, have a great day.
1038 at WIOD. We have an open line indeed.
I mean, the first call out of the box and we got an amateur comedian out there?
Oh, man. No, Cory must have had a big influence on his station.
Cory, I got news for you. It's embarrassing. Okay, pal.
And even though mommy or your aunt or whoever gave you a 30 grand to come in the schmoozer round with the dolphins with that stupid song,
it sucks. It's pathetic. It's embarrassing. It's... it'd be bad.
Okay, it'd be real bad and it'd be real embarrassing. Okay.
So grow up and go get a job.
Mobile and pop. What is it?
Hello?
If you'd like to make a call.
Okay. Okay, that's two for two. Boka.
We're off to a great start.
We're doing it.
Now I know for sure. Well, he wanted to make sure I knew where I was.
What was that guy talking about?
What? All of the races?
Oh, he was trying to be a comedian, sir, like so many of the people who call this radio station.
We're about as funny as Cancer of the Tone.
I mean, just not funny.
If you were to listen since his day to day, you can't do jokes on this station.
Right. Anyway, how much money can I get now for getting you the play by play for the baseball?
You got to be the play by play for...
No, don't even bring it up, okay?
Can I tell you something?
This station probably isn't even going to go for the baseball, so it just isn't going to happen.
Every guy who's ever broadcast a ball game is going to be sending in tapes.
I have no chance.
I think you're totally wrong because if this town got behind you,
that would be the play by play for me.
Well, the town ain't going to get behind me, so it's not going to happen.
I think it's going to happen.
I'm ready. I mean, I'd be delighted, but it's not going to happen.
Don't say that I have a good feeling of good.
You know, it just... you'd be perfect for it.
Sure.
And then you could spend at least 81 days out of town anyway.
Right. And then you could be with your buddy Rico there if they get the television rights.
Yeah, Channel 7.
You know, they might...
I could put my hair up in Coraliz right next to Sally.
Did you hear there was a blowout with Hank about...
He didn't pay for the beer or that stuff on his show one night?
What do you mean?
He didn't hear about that?
No. I haven't heard about anything.
He got overly bent out of shape one night about that. Somebody called up.
About what?
I just told them that they were there when it happened,
and then he definitely didn't pay for the beer, and he told the person to screw up on the radio.
Really?
It was unbelievable.
Well, it's about time he showed a little bit of emotion.
He got really, I mean...
Well, that's good. It's about time.
The thing that bothers me about Hank's show is that he's doing this coma kind of thing for old people.
I thought when Hank was going to go on, he'd be feisty and argumentative and exciting and...
That's how he is though. He should be.
Huh?
He should be that way.
Exactly, but he hasn't been. He brings these boring politicians on an insanity patent.
I wish somebody would tell him, did you hear that show?
Oh, God. Were you listening?
I wasn't here.
Oh, God. You would have just puked your brains out of here.
He didn't suck around, Sandy, did he?
Yeah, he did, but the main thing was, he kept saying that he says,
didn't you have an older audience? He goes, yeah, but they pay money for things.
They listen and I'm going, oh, you got to be kidding me.
Because he asked the question, did you have anybody under a hundred listening to your show?
Oh, yeah.
It doesn't matter. Does this number show me?
No, I think the question is, does he have anybody under a hundred listening?
I think that's the question. I think you're it.
Neil, welcome back.
Thank you, Sekir.
See you.
Papano.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When the Marlons start playing, I don't want you talking about those ten-game and a role losers at Chicago, okay?
Yeah.
Give us some support.
What does that mean?
Give us some support.
Oh, jeez, not even worth signifying.
We have an open-line and Broward 524WYOD, one in the starline, stario.d Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
We just said it's true. I was listening on Friday that the man did, and people just kept calling and fetching about the name.
That you think they're going to change the name when they start playing and it is a press.
Who cares what the name is? The point is we've got a team.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know if it's the whole town, but certainly the audience of this radio station, man.
If anybody came in and listened to the audience, it calls in this station, like this last asshole that was on a romeno to go.
And maybe that's it. Maybe that's what this town is all about.
And let me say this to you, if that's the case, then the Marlons are going to be in for a long, hot, empty summer days after the initial glamour wears off.
Because I mean, you know, I just couldn't believe it Saturday. Here's this big headline.
It's the day after the official announcement we get Major League Baseball and nine out of ten callers are calling it on the sports shows on this radio station talking about football.
Who gives a flying crap about football in the middle of July?
No, every call was about the name. They should call it a man. They should call it a man.
Right.
Who cares?
Yeah.
Well, you're dealing with a bunch of overgrown children, sir. It's not just not an adult town. A bunch of overgrown juveniles.
Ungrateful. I mean, with poins when I see all that.
They ought to be on their hands. They ought to be lined up at blockbuster, 4,000 deep to buy tapes that they don't even care about just to say thanks to Wayne Huzanga.
And the hell?
I wonder how long it'll be before they start ripping him.
I was in Vegas for the week before the week of the fight. I mean, you're right. The Mirage is a nightmare. He came walking in the place.
Yeah.
I'll stay next for the future with that.
Jeremy Place is packed. The Excalibur is packed. The Stardust is packed. The Hilton is packed. Palastation is packed.
There's more people in one block out there than you'll find in this whole town right now.
I know. Isn't it to press a Chromeback?
Yes.
Yes.
And then talking to a couple of these idiots we got here this first hour, man. It's just it's pathetic.
I've already I can think of three right off the bat. I've only taken about seven or eight calls and three of them more on.
They'll give us some support.
I got your support right over here. You had to say like about a size two jockstrap, pal.
Did you put on a baseball game? Did you go there with me?
Did I want?
Did you put on a baseball game?
I ignored baseball while I was there. Okay. There's best I could.
I bet on a horse called on a god I had Belmont.
And he came through on a rail with Mauricio Vazquez and won like a champion.
I was betting Belmont, Monmouth on the fourth of July. They had a matinee card at the metal lands.
I was betting the metal lands.
How about fingerle?
No, I wasn't that desperate. It was just great. You just can't beat it.
It is just great. I want to move out there, but I can't trust myself.
I just all my money. I was putting the casino, you know?
If I could get a job out there paying anything, I would be there to make.
Because it's like I said, from a health standpoint, there's something about the metabolism.
My blood sugar is great. I feel better. And it just, I don't know what it is.
Everybody's just for a nice out there. It's a difference.
It's just like here. Just like here.
It's just like a nightmare.
Have a great day, pal. Hang in there.
First hour back from vacation.
I hope you give us a chance. Give us a break. Give us a mo-
You're pushing, you're pushing, you're pushing for something, and you get on the bandwagon, and you try to be supportive.
And then right away, no matter what you do here, they still want to turn on you.
Because there are a bunch of negative assholes.
But otherwise, have a nice day.
1058 at WIO. Do we have an open line and date? 751 morbid.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale on a day line.
Born in the A.W. Welcome back.
Yes, sir. Saturday morning.
It's great to be back.
Saturday morning on the light bulb network.
Yeah, black guy wants to be white, Nick Lawrence.
Yeah, great.
It's the topic of conversation with Neil Rogers.
Uh-huh.
And that was it.
Well, that's all I got to talk about.
They better kiss the ground that I came back.
Even while I was gone, they were still talking about me.
You got it.
Well, that's great.
Welcome back, Neil.
Thank you.
That great. Start putting board ops on here.
Everybody's got a show.
I wonder if he's probably got more live spots than I got.
This sales department, I want to tell you something.
You're like the bribonic plague in drag, but not well disguised, okay?
See, one thing about when you go on a vacation here,
it's like you have to pay for it because they stop selling your show.
And then when you come back and take it like a couple of weeks to regenerate.
So you basically, for a month, you suffer not that I'm suffering because I make a good buck.
But I'm just talking in general.
You lose about a third of your revenue because they just,
they'll out, screw him, you know.
16, 25, on D.
1115 at WIO.
Do we have our first lady in Croll Springs?
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Good to have you back.
Yeah.
Yeah, I actually did catch the last part of Guiding Light on Friday when they're all getting ready for the surprise party.
Oh, they haven't had it yet?
Yeah, they haven't.
So today will be the...
Oh, today is going to be the killer.
With all, yeah, everybody's just up there.
I wanted to tell you about Hank Goldberg's show, you know, when Sandy Payton was on the show.
They said that rumor about her not getting along with, um,
Micronary was all alive and she wanted to clear it up.
That she gets along with him well.
Well, somebody is not telling the truth, okay, and I have a feeling it's her.
You see, people always think that everybody loves them, okay,
especially people with a massive ego much bigger than their talent.
Like her, look at Mitch Lewis, he weighs about 80 pounds.
Look at how skinny he is.
Anyway, because I don't, I've never met her.
All I've done is hear her on ear and she comes across those syrupy and sweet and all this other.
And she worked here for a long time.
She was here for years.
Yes, she did.
And the scuttle butt I get here is they hated her like poison.
And she was a real prima donna and that everybody or hated her.
And they said in a way, they tried to make sure that your name didn't get on there with other colors.
But she wanted to clear that up and it was obvious it was you that she was talking about that started the rumor.
But she gets along with them.
No, it's not, it's not a rumor.
That's what she says.
Yeah, I'm glad because you always say this is just radio.
So I don't know to believe you or not.
Yeah.
That's why I called this you.
Well, I mean, is that it, but is that important?
No, it's not important, but you were gone to you, Mr. Sheeran.
Because I got news for you.
Do you remember the time when they wanted to put her on with Mike in the morning?
Oh, yeah, I do.
And he just about blew a gasket and he's one of the most laid back, easygoing guys you'd ever want to know.
I mean, he don't get too excited.
He just comes in, takes the check, you know.
Yeah.
But he just about had a nervous breakdown over that.
No way Jose was he going to put up with that crap.
She said it was her choice that she worked all these years and she didn't want to be, you know, secondhand.
Yeah, right.
She's the best.
Well, I just can't believe, I don't know what's gotten into Hank.
I guess he, I'm talking.
He wants to be the next Larry King.
He wants to just kiss everybody's butt bringing all the politicians and these boring people and suck around
and toss some cream puff questions.
I don't, it's just not the Hank that I expected.
But what?
I thought he was going to be, huh?
That's the question.
Right.
Okay.
All right.
Have a great day.
1118 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward, 5249463 Miami.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back.
Yes, sir.
It's really a trip to be back.
Now, I know.
And that you were talking about the plane flight coming back in from Dallas.
Yeah.
I've been on it.
Oh.
But you're going to hit the ground.
Wow.
I mean, we went through storms and thunder and lightning and just that thing with the plane was rattling.
And the, I'm telling you, when the pilot came out and started doing a Hail Mary's and rubbing his rosary beads, I knew we were in trouble.
How long after you thought you hit the ground and they did that, though, he had a cleanness of pants before he did that.
Well, he had some depends.
You and Allison was in first place.
I wanted to call, I was listening, I flipped on a channel Saturday night, gym managed.
You know what, Jim's got on.
He's got Alan Page.
Right?
A great football player.
And he's talking about Alan trying to handle Kuchinburg in the Super Bowl.
And you know what he refers to?
The purple people eaters.
He said purple pizza eaters.
Really?
And I want to go to show if he'd taken out for those showers with the guy who starts affecting your lingo, too, I guess.
I would think Alan Page would want to reach over and grab him by his shower.
Yeah.
He's jerky moa there and take that microphone and stick it down his nose.
Jerky moa right over there.
Oh, but I'm glad you're bad, safe now.
You know, I know you.
Well, let's talk some football, huh?
How about those feeders next year?
Way to be.
What kind of a town is this?
I just don't get it.
No, I mean, you know what, this town reminds me of, it's like a bunch of little children and they've made up their mind that this is the way they're going to be.
And nobody is going to change them.
That's true.
You don't confuse them with anything.
This is the way they're going to be and they're going to keep screaming about bilingualism and they're going to keep fighting with each other and they're going to keep talking about things like out of season and in the middle of a December, they're going to be talking about watermelons.
It's just, it's just my...
Wait, what my girlfriend are going to do?
By side, season tickets and we're going to go watch baseball because I'm from Washington and I used to watch the senators.
Yeah.
Which, you know, they were okay, but it was a nice night out.
You bet.
But that's what I'm going to do in your life.
Here, as Harry says, there's nothing like fun at the old ballpark.
That's right. Have a hot dog and a cold beer.
Have a little weeny and cold brew and you're in here in heaven.
Yeah.
And everybody God bless. You take care.
Thanks a lot.
Just heard another amazing Sally Fitz rumor which we cannot tell on the year.
I think she gets her news tips on deep background.
23 after 11 at WIOD, Palm Bay.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
All right, good to hear you again.
Hey, we got a paper up here called Florida today.
Yeah.
And I got a article here I wanted to tell you about.
It's called the Utilated Toxic Toads Spark debate.
Talking about here from your boo-foo toads.
What is it?
I can barely hear you.
Oh, they're talking about the boo-foo toads.
Yeah.
And says here in Timbukh Pines, is that down around by you?
Close.
Someone had butchered 20 boo-foo frogs.
Good.
All right.
Oh!
Someone had walked around and found them with no legs and no heads.
A few of them were chopped in half.
Great. I wish they'd come to my neighborhood.
I wish they'd come up to plantation acres and chop a few up.
Oh, I kind of thought maybe that was your neighbor, but I didn't know what you were up to over there.
No.
Hey, and I got a suggestion for you.
Yep.
You calling this the Florida line?
Call it the Florida Idiot line.
The Florida Idiot line.
Hey, you're good.
I like it.
I like it.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
24 after 11 at WYOD, we have an open line on the Star Line.
If you have Bell South mobility, remember how it works?
Star IOD like magic.
And one on our toll-free Florida Idiot line, 1-800-944-WYOD.
I guess nothing went on here while I was gone, huh?
Nothing.
Zero. Zippity-Duda.
Come on, city.
North Bay Village.
Hey, how's it going?
Yeah, Neil.
It's what?
Keep going on vacations.
Now, great it is.
How come you keep coming back to Miami?
Well, because I get nice paycheck every Thursday.
That's what I thought.
Yeah.
Still has a Porsche?
Yeah.
Still faded?
Still what?
Still faded out.
Yeah, right.
Ready to sell it?
No.
No?
Well, it sounded like a couple months ago you were ready to sell it.
No.
No.
Need a wax job?
No.
I need work.
Not the car either.
Stop teasing me.
Any free letters available for going to Chicago?
No.
See ya.
1125, was that from inside the building?
That call?
Well, said North Bay Village, it could have been.
I wouldn't be surprised.
That was probably one of the sales people.
By the way, I think tomorrow we're going to do a whole show on the sales department, okay?
I really do.
I know we probably have overdone it, not.
But boy, they are just deadly.
They're brutal.
It's like some kind of punishment that you have to go through.
What the hell they do with all my people?
All my children?
We got a call from Huntsville, Alabama?
You got it, buddy.
What's happening?
On the Floridian line?
On the Floridian line.
And you're calling this line toll-free and you're getting in for free from out of state?
Hey, see that or collect?
Outstanding.
How's it going?
See, this isn't supposed to work outside of Florida, so we won't talk to aloud, okay?
Okay, I'll talk to you.
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what
Or call your friends from out of state and tell them they can call us for you even if they don't know who I am Just so we can build up a gigantic bill Hey listen these people have got $5 billion all this crap about Well, the state should lost money and Disney's going to make, but hey they ought to just give everybody a big fat check and say hey screw it right if they were real nice friendly folks What the hell they have to worry about the profit margin and are they getting a return on their dollar?
Screw it! How much more do they need?
They're probably listening up there on the listen line right now at Atlanta. How much is that line costing them, right?
What's up, you idiots?
Hiss! Can you believe that jerk?
Gosh, damn, damn.
Seem a little tense.
Yeah, I've been snappin' at people all day.
Maybe it's my time of the month.
Me too, you know, I've been cranky, retaining water, and look, wearing these white gloves.
I know what you mean. Every 28 days I get this insatiable craving to buy a banjo.
And a corn-car pipe?
Yeah.
Well, then, it looks like there's only one thing to do, sir.
And was that, then, Mr. Angelakatar?
Oh, see, y'all, sir.
I wish I was in Dixie. Oh, wait.
Oh, wait.
These two men are suffering from pre-minstrel syndrome. Beware the warning signs.
If your husband ever comes home with a tambourine or a banjo pick and insists on calling you,
Mr. Boons, hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately.
So, I'll tell me that, Mr. Boons.
Yes, sir, Mr. Angelakatar.
Who won't that woman I saw you wear, Blavni?
Oh, there was no woman. That was Martina Navataluva.
No, it's not very funny. And there is no cure.
So, when it happens to the man in your life, try to understand pre-minstrel syndrome.
Yes, sir.
Guess what? I finally got it.
Remember they brought all that snapple? Just as I was leaving, like I predicted?
I noticed their spots are on tape, too, by the way.
But anyway, raspberry flavored diet iced tea. And it is incredible with Nutrisweet.
Mmm.
Mmm. Mmm.
Boy, that is good.
We have an open line in Broward, 524WIO, D Miami.
Nane, welcome back.
Thank you so much.
Have you heard the latest gossip concerning the Hank Goldberg and Joe Zagaguiwar?
No.
Oh, my God.
You mean now that Joe is a big TV personality, now is ego is bigger than his head?
Well, that's pretty rough.
The day of the fight coverage, that Tyson fight coverage, Hank was out in Las Vegas.
As usual.
And Joe was here in Miami and Hank had finished his show, signed off, turned it over to Zagagui.
Now all of a sudden, he goes to a spot and then they come back and introduce Hank again.
Now, Hank gets on, on the air and says, Goldberg at night is over.
Goldberg has left the building, slams down the microphone, only has his dead air for about 10 seconds.
They run over to a spot.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hank is in Vegas?
Hank is in Vegas.
Now, we have climbed off, turned over to Zagagui.
Right.
Now, all of a sudden, they reintroduce Hank.
Now, Hank goes on, gets on the air and says, Goldberg at night is over.
Goldberg has left the building, slams down the microphone and only has his dead air for about 10 seconds.
Yeah.
Now, they run over to another spot, they do some spot or something.
The Gaggy gets on and says, well, after that bushly gagged, we'll continue our fight coverage.
So there was a better fight going on in the background than the Tyson fight.
Really?
How come it's taken over two hours for me to hear about this?
Well, I asked George if anybody had touched on it.
No.
I think I just got in.
Now, I've been getting some rumblings.
In fact, just before I went away, I was getting some rumblings around the building that there was a new war starting between Hank and the sports department.
Oh, yeah.
And of course, you know the sports department, huh?
I think it's full blown war now.
Boy, just amazing.
Wow.
See, I'll be, you know, as much as I love the dolphins and as much as I would love to do the Marlin games and all this other stuff.
I know the sounds dramatic.
I hope Disney is back in his office in the genre somewhere because I just saw him in there with an all dressed up with no place to go.
But this station would be better off to dump all the sports, including all these endless hours of nonsensical sports talk where they keep talking about the same nose picking crap over and over again.
And just be a real radio station.
I'm telling you, the sports department here is like an anchor on the Queen Mary.
And I've said that since the day I came here, it's like they believe that they run this entire radio station.
Why agree with you?
I prefer, I'd much prefer to have personalities like you or Rick and Suss.
I mean, let's not look.
I talk probably too much about sports, okay?
A little bit is okay, but I was thinking even this weekend driving around.
It is such narrow focus and it's so boring to hear the same crap over and over and over again.
And people calling in about the draft and guys who haven't been born yet and cities that haven't been on the map yet.
I mean, how many people are really interested in that?
Yeah, it's overkill.
You bet.
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's nice to talk about it once in a while.
Good right. But it's part of a mix, not like it's some kind of a neurosis.
Exactly. Well, Neil, I'm glad to have you back.
I love you. I've missed you so much.
Thanks a lot. Okay. See you.
Bye.
1221 at W.I.
I know that people are going to get upset about that, but I'm not looking to start it.
You don't have to start a war with the sports department.
All you got to do is be here. That's all you have to do.
And you already have a war because they, man, they run the place.
And the people, the powers that be can deny that all they want and they can,
I'm telling you, the sports here comes first.
Even the news comes second.
The sports runs this radio station.
And Roger was showing me this morning.
There was some article in the hero, which I only he didn't even show.
He was reading from it.
And they were speculating on which stations are going to get the broadcast rights to the Marlon Games.
And they said the natural one would be W.I.
O.D., but maybe because we pay all this money for the rights to the dolphins,
maybe we don't have the bucks for it. Well, when you're dealing with Cox Broadcasting
and say we don't have the bucks for it, that's the most ridiculous thing in the world.
The question is, would we make money on it? Obviously.
And Disney was quoted and they were saying, you know, if it's not a good business deal,
we wouldn't be even look at it, you know.
So I don't know what the deal is.
So I have mixed feelings about that.
On the one hand, I'd like for a selfie stand point for us to have the games,
because maybe I'd be involved, or even if I didn't, it would still be exciting to have them.
And on the other hand, it would just seem to me to just be the final nail in the coffin,
just overwhelm this place and make it like sports neurosis 24 hours a day.
I mean, you turn on the weekend, and if it isn't Meg Green talking to 90-year-old ladies
about rolling over in the ground with her CDs, it's sports, morning, noon, and night.
Even the garden guy is a breath of fresh air, okay?
And he's talking about what kind of plants are we going to put in the ground at the stadium?
Or obsessed. We're sick with it.
1223 at WIOD, we have an open line in date, 751 war.
So we got a little war going here, huh? Between Hank and the sports department.
Also, I understand that there's a little, a little bad blood about guests too,
because Hank said, I will say this, even though it has a lot of these butt kissing shows with the politicians,
he had a great show of Marino one night, and I'm trying to remember some of the other sports people.
He really does a good job when he gets sports people on.
When he gets these ballad to these boring, you know, he'll learn his lesson, I hope.
These boring politicians on and just kisses him, he'll like Sheriff Nick and Abe Hirschfeld
and Mayor Suarez. Oh, man, give me a break.
But when he's got a guy like Marino on, there are some of these other big names, it's great.
And the sports department, I guess, resents that because they're supposed to have the only jock straps in the building.
Boka. Neil. Yes, sir. First I got asked is George answering the phone?
Last time I checked. Because what I called all I got out was, yeah, I talked to Neil,
but I put my head in a micro way and he says, where are you calling from?
Yeah, he don't care. He's, he's in a lunch right now. He's busy.
He's in a lunch and he's also planning his trip in Chicago.
Oh, but it made my day well that's what I was going to call. I don't want to get sports intense.
Because he knows that his wife isn't going to be allowed to go on a trip and he's just wondering what kind of interesting weekend he might have there.
Oh, there you go. He can't beat Chicago. But when I opened up the paper today, I almost died.
Oh, well, fell asleep up six to one.
Oh, you mean, what paper did you see that in?
It was in what is this book?
