Well, the bad news is Randy Martin is leaving.
Oh!
Oh!
Randy Martin heads north.
It says Randy Martin has been filling in his talk host question mark during the week at WJNO.
Weekends at WIOD has found full time work.
As a disc jockey at WWGF in Orlando, the Monday to Friday midday gag gig,
which he starts in two weeks is a return to our origins.
Before turning the talk, she was a DJ at Sarah and my, my, my, my.
Good luck to you, Randy and thank goodness, okay?
So you know what that means on a weekend now lots and lots more ball games and lots and lots more tapes and the best of and the worst of.
And speaking of that, no reconciled this week, they're gone on vacation.
They'll be eligible for parole a week from today.
So they're gone this week and the Chuck Marrow will be filling in in bad news.
All those Chuck's probably a little more humble now because of Braves kicked ass over the parrots over the weekend.
So that'll humble them up a little bit, although the penguins are going to be in the Stanley Cup finals against the North Stars.
I miss both the other day.
Far be it for me to ever make a mistake the North Stars did play in the Stanley Cup finals in 81 loss to the Islanders.
And of course the penguins have never been in it.
So I don't be pretty boring.
I mean, exciting.
How about those Braves? I bet you will get lots of Braves fans calling in today and crawling and carrying on like crazy and deservedly so.
They're in first place for there too.
They're pretty excited.
And there's three games over 500.
They're kicking ass.
They'll probably kick the crap out of the Cubs tonight.
Harry Skippenship will be their big family reunion at Rigglyfield tonight.
Game time is 805 Eastern daylight time.
And who we got?
We got Sean Bosky against Glamon tonight.
Also Friday night I got to tell you we had the time of our lives.
It was kind of like the good news, bad news syndrome again at Biscayne.
The show was a blast.
Tank was there of course doing the show and I was sitting around acting like a goofball and Bob Weaver.
Good old Weaver the weatherman.
One of our great friends in town was there former dog owner and former dog expert, but I guess not anymore.
And we just had a great time on the air.
The only problem was plunged our brains out.
Poor fat rich poor Neil poor Hank just plunged our guts.
Although I didn't pay for the beer and that even worse.
So that takes care of that.
We had a tremendous crowd nice people up there and also a few degenerates.
And then there was that one table of wise guys from North Miami that were caching every race.
There's nothing worse than that when you're losing your ass.
They have a bunch of people sitting there caching every stink and race.
Boy that pissed me off.
Anyway I got in the mail this morning among many other things from Pyramax veterinary and supply in Miami Springs.
Timson.
These packages look like they're from before my Bubby was born.
He sent me about a dozen packages or I think only eight actually.
Where's the rest of it?
Of Timson for my dog and I guess all the dog owners out there are going to be going nuts now.
Probably have 10,000 calls about this.
It says we suggest you use a product called octagon soap to wash your dog first.
And he sends me like the thing from the label cool gates octagon all purpose soap but not the soap.
Can you I never heard of that?
Can you get that in the store?
Octagon soap I never heard of it.
So anyway you wash him with that first or not as the case may be.
And then after he dries soak him to the skin with the Timson solution and he includes a page here with all the directions mixed two packets to one gallon of lukewarm water.
Let's stand in the zalbapapapap.
Saturate dry pet to the skin once a day for four to five days.
And this is supposedly spectacular relieving itching and fleas etc etc.
Even jokitsch.
How do you like that?
So if managing all the guys listening you might we might leave a couple of packets around for them.
Oh!
Anyway it even eliminates the awful odor of cat urine it says.
So I don't know must be great.
It's one of these things that the miracle does everything.
Speaking of miracles ultra slim fast I got to be honest with you doing pretty good for me.
I've lost seven pounds since Wednesday and I haven't stuck right to it to the letter but I've lost seven pounds.
I already had my lunch in a little container.
And speaking of little containers how come it is that the little container that we have down on our machine downstairs is two and a quarter.
And I go into the supermarket over the weekend and there are a dollar eight a piece.
That's more than double what a rip off.
I hope the guy that fills the machines down here comes in today and somebody beats the crap out of them all right.
Two and a quarter for the honor of buying our little how much is in that let me see the empty container.
Oh!
It's um...
12 ounces.
Two and a quarter and in the store there are a bucket.
That's worth it.
That's worse I bet you didn't buy it and you float them store and it can be an in store.
So come to WIOD and get ripped off folks in our wonderful commissary downstairs.
But it's working pretty good and they have those frozen entrees and then Georgia of all people this morning
whips out a little ultra slim fast diet bar about the size of your thumb.
But he says it's real thick.
Yeah I've heard that line before.
But anyway...
It's 12 minutes past 10 at WIOD.
We're feeling slim and great.
We're doing it and then we'll be right back.
Well hello.
Hi there.
I'm your new neighbor.
I'm entertaining guests and I seem to have run out of coffee.
Well come in.
Would bulger's coffee be too good for your gas?
Oh!
That would be just perfect.
How could I ever repay you?
I don't think of something.
Well have a nice party.
Hey you, a nice new neighbor yet?
Hello.
I just popped in for coffee.
Bulger's coffee for those budding relationships.
Or as they say in a for a shop, a tisca to task it.
Let me double check your basket.
It's a 1015 at WIOD.
That's a little Scott Chapin Jim McQueen thing.
From a Detroit, Jim McBean.
I got a little note here.
I guess Scott Chapin was in town over the weekend.
Doesn't dare stop in this building.
I can understand his version of doing that.
And they left me a tape with a few little bits on it here.
Not bad club Ted.
And a couple of others that were giving to me at about 10 minutes to 10.
Laura sat on that damn thing all morning.
It's kind of warm too as a matter of fact.
But if she would have given it to me in time, I could have carded them all up
and had a lot of good stuff on it.
Anyway, it's 1015.
Let's take a caller to here.
Let me give them the numbers out.
Shall I?
We've got some calls on there already.
Not too many.
One in date, one open line in date, 7519463.
Two in Broward, 524WYOD.
And one in Palm Beach, of course.
That's all we got.
One too many.
655, 9463, 655WYOD.
Let's see Miami's gone.
Kendall.
Yeah, Neil, how are you?
Listen, I have the most insensitive question by a sportscaster ever.
Yes, sir.
Are you into Indie Racing at all?
No, sir.
Okay, there's a guy Gary Benton house whose family has been racing.
He had lots of trouble, you know, the family's, you know, actors and stuff.
So he, second day on the pole, which means he couldn't get the pole.
He ran the fastest of anybody, which means he would have had the pole position.
So the guy turns them and says, well, you could have had the pole,
but did you know that today is 30 years from the day your father died
and a fiery crash was turned through?
Nice.
I thought it was just like the guy looks and I'm like, you know, I love it.
I can't think of anything else to say.
Happy anniversary to you.
All right, you have a good day with mommy.
Did I have a good day with mommy?
I didn't go to mommy's.
I sent her a basket of flowers and that's it.
I don't go over there.
Do you think I have to make a human sacrifice?
I got to go there tomorrow.
Oh, it's once a year.
No, sir.
All right, have a good one.
You got the best shot.
Well, what would I have done there?
I'm not eating.
I don't eat.
Oh, that's right.
You're back on the olden slums.
I tried there.
I'm not back on it.
I'm doing it for the first time.
Is it worth trying to be?
Do you like it?
I just got your saying.
I lost seven pounds in less than a week.
I'm sorry.
I didn't lose.
Well, don't be sorry.
Be happy.
I feel great.
All right, all the guys at CPT, their digital douchebag.
Okay.
All right, bye.
George is doing a show there on three.
So obviously we got all three deadlines here.
Because whoever he's talking to, I know he's not going to be on the air,
which means we got all the two calls so far.
I knew it was going to be a real slow day.
Because coming to work, there was no traffic at all.
Then I get off, I 95, to come to work at 79th Street.
And I'm just getting ready to turn.
I hear Joe.
Thank you, by the way, Joe Brennan.
When you're right, you're right, which is rare.
And when you're wrong, which is most of the time you're embarrassing.
But that's the first time in about year and a half
that you'll actually give a useful tip on the traffic.
And he said that the...
Was it bad coming across the bridge, George?
Was it bad coming across the bridge it was?
Now, see, I killed as much time going the way that I did,
but without the aggravation.
I just...
I don't know about you, but I would rather drive ten minutes out of the way
without any stopping and just zip along.
Then sit there and see for ten minutes.
So as soon as I heard that, I got back on 95,
went down to the Julia Tuttle and went over to the beach
and came up Collins Avenue, which there wasn't a dog on Collins Avenue.
I know I came up to 71st, enough for the causeway.
So even though I killed another ten minutes,
I didn't have all that sitting there and getting pissed off
and getting psychotic with the bridge and all that.
So thank you again, Joe Brennan, for a great job,
which goes to show you that if you throw enough crap up in a year,
sooner or later, something comes down and hits the ground.
We have two open lines in Broward, 524WYOD, dear field.
Hey, Ne, how you doing?
Okay.
All right.
Is there any way to confirm of hockey finals on ESPN?
Is there any way to confirm what?
I believe that they're going to show them on ESPN.
So how could they do that?
How could sports channel have the games all season long?
And ESPN have the appeal.
I was watching the Indie town trial yesterday
and I believe one of the guys mentioned that they were going to have the shows.
I don't think so.
I hope so.
Well, somebody who knows for sure will call in,
but if it is, I'd be very surprised.
Nobody even sports channel, whatever, kind of contract.
I had a contract to...
You've been kind of in a little cable.
I'm ready to tell him to stick it.
I don't know what to do with these guys.
No sports channel, I'm continental.
I've boycott them as much as I can.
Lots of religiously.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Who's that other geek that I can't stand the first basement?
Between the two of them, they're hitting like 900 against the cubs.
O'Neill's got six homers on the season 13 RBI's,
five of the homers and 12 of the runs batted in our against the cubs.
But here comes Steve Wilson again just apps and by the time he leaves,
it's eight to one the game is gone.
All right.
Just absolute blowout.
So why do they keep doing the same crap over and over again?
I think somebody ought to fry Jim Fry and send Zimmer along with him to sit in his lap
when he pulled a switch.
Bad.
Bad organization.
But hey listen, you know, it's a lot of fun.
Twenty one and poorer Greg Maddox pitched the game of a lifetime.
They pitched a great game and Dunston is like fumbling double play balls
and just can't get arrested.
He's not hitting.
He's not fielding.
Other than that, he's just a great guy.
Twenty one after ten at WIOD.
All your cup fans, you want to get away from all the grief.
Stop watching the games go to Ruth's Chris and have a great meal
and just eat and drink and drown your sorrows away.
Just chew it at some of that delicious corn fed Midwestern Prime,
richly marbled, never frozen the best U.S. Prime in the country.
They broiled it exactly the way you order it.
They rushed it to your table, still sizzling right in front of you.
Rugly knows, man, if that doesn't turn you on, nothing ever will.
There's nothing like the meat at Ruth's Chris.
And of course, also great seafood and all those great accompaniments
like those vegetable dishes broccoli, agrote and cream spinach
eight different kinds of succulent potatoes.
Like those creamy, fattening potatoes agrote and hearty green salads
with homemade dressings and irresistible enormous desserts.
So if you want a serious steak or just a serious meal,
this is always the place.
Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, with three South Florida locations,
they're in North Palm Beach.
They're in North Miami Beach right on the intercoastal.
And the original South Florida Ruth's Chris, my favorite 25-25 North Federal Highway
in Fort Lauderdale.
The North American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American South American
You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one baby You got the white one
You got the white one baby You got the white one baby
You got the white one baby You pulled the white one baby You picked the white one baby You picked the white one baby You picked the white one baby!
You picked the white one baby 1026
You picked the white one baby You picked the white one baby 1026
You picked the white one baby 1026
I stärw that one baby,
Thanks for your support
I rushed for your support
but being a bad winner and of course we keep making an excuse well i have one
a long time
big deal
nothing worse than being an
an ungracious
crappy winner just trying to crap all over but because they want to win 15
games for crying out loud
what the hell does that mean what's a big timmis with that
for a lot of the
hey how you doing okay
uh... when they ask about the ultra slim fan
you follow that
pretty strictly
yeah
uh...
sleep with the blanket pulled over your head
what does that mean
it's not a funny oh well
swindle say hi
joys so
alright
wow
am i right about this town did i tell you this week and a half ago there are
material folks
uh... yeah they've had it
they are finished uh...
but we don't care because we're just still getting paid
we have uh... four calls on the board we have one open line a day seven five
one no ladies i'm sure that right
no women
to early in the week for women
uh... two open lines in brown or five to four and bomb each six five five nine
four six three
six five five w i d
they're still sleeping
the wonder they were not on the highway do you encounter a lot of traffic
i didn't it looked like a death-bally days maybe they're all in Vegas all
look i think on friday we had more calls from out of town that we did from
in town
like about three
no seriously was just amazing everybody's gone i don't blame them
my any
mail yeah a good morning how you doing very good
but i just wanted uh...
you know you're talking a while back about the uh... wonderful uh...
people on the uh...
bridge going to our seventy nine street
i didn't even know your head quarters were at the right by the day
and i used to live right down seventy nine three
i don't know who was worse
that the rich people or the book people that uh... wake you up at six o'clock
in the morning in the speedboats both
uh...
disgusting
as i was driving over the july a total coming over to work today out of the way
but still are getting across without waiting for some stupid bridge i was
asking myself
how can they were able to make this bridge high enough so all these jackasses
in their big pleasure yots wasting all of that gas and everybody's time
we don't have to wait for them on the july a total
but on seventy nine street
and on the broad causeway in all these other stupid bridges they're so low
that we have to sit there and wait for them
i'll tell everybody has to live their life at their own
and of course you wouldn't have a problem like we had to be because it would be
any bridge
and i'd like i didn't have an alarm clock i just wake up to the thing ding ding of
the bridge opening up the word
i think they're worth
i think people used to have sandwiches and they're waiting for the bridge open
and close because uh...
it'd be sitting there for hours upon hours upon hours of the guys in the
boats to go by
right you know these yahu's uh... with the big fail boats
well it tells you a lot about where the priorities are in this town sir when
they build the uh... roads for the convenience of the rich boating people instead
of the masses of millions of people who have to get to work
or wherever the hell they're going in their cars it gives you real good ideas
to uh... has the cloud in this god for second time it's hard
it is really hard
good luck to sir
yes
yes sir yes
uh... and one of the uh... one of the talking about uh...
he's the biggest
about one of the boats that you talked about earlier about one
bridges
cars and both
now we're talking about bridges over over the uh... causeway not the ones in your
mouth
i don't have any of my friend
okay
condoms
and then
was it regulated by the nine-year-old
engineer
right did you know
well it is all bridges over now look at the waterway
if i knew that i wouldn't have been asking
but i said if i knew the answer to the question i wouldn't have asked it in
the first place
okay well i'm saying sir
here that the united states core of engineers
are the ones that regulate bridges over now the boat waterways
over one
now the boat waterway yes sir okay
okay yeah
so it's up to them to decide
what time
yeah
the bridge should not be open
to the marine traffic
yes
and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir
yes
i'm telling you that they
come up with the time
well what what is the time
i believe it that was our time
sir
that they are not open to marine traffic
other than that they are open to marine traffic
so in other words any slip with a boat can come along and back up traffic
we're doing that
well what kind of a communist bunch of crappers that
that is not a communist bunch of craps
sounds like some kind of the end of all
back this time he pinko uh
you got five people to be
able to run boats
right exactly
the boat is going to stop the five thousand cars
is that it?
no i think that fifty thousand cars out of stop for one jackass in his boat
i think that's what they ought to do
man you better know your laws mr because you should
don't that's right i suppose you want the man
bridges closed
to both traffic and a hurricane too
i want the bridges closed period okay i want them closed i want the
bridge tentative to go home and watch his mtv and get the hell out of our
life
in other words i want those bridges closed let him use the julia
turtle okay
let him use them a constant cause
what i think they all are going to George
Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders how do you like that sir
well i don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiotic
church uh-huh okay well i guess that sums it up in a nutshell 1032
at w-i-o-d why can't they just let the boats go back and forth under the
julia total that's big enough they can get a just go round in a big circle
jerk
we have an open line in date 7519463 fort lauderdale
and you i will you welcome to your bridge oriented station six ten
bridge jumping station i got a question about the silence of the lamp
yeah i saw the movie so it was great uh-huh you saw it right uh-huh
i rented the the hip first movie
manhunter yeah i didn't enjoy it as much
do you agree or have you seen it well you know this business of trying to
compare all the time it's like godfather one and two and everybody instead of
just enjoying the movie i had to keep comparing it it was okay they were both
good they were both very good you know but they seemed to indicate that well
you really shouldn't see silence of the lamp until you see the first one and
oh that's a lot of crap i think a lot of baloney yeah i just thought you could
miss the first movie really enjoy the second movie but both were
were good but i just thought it's a lot of work saying you have to see
Alice in wonderland before you see the godfather i don't i don't get it i got
actually one thing about the uh-huh hunter yeah in the part where he uh- uh- uh-
discovers uh- uh- uh- uh- information about the uh- uh- uh- the killer on the
toilet paper what what was the significance that was in manhunter that was in the
silence of the lamp
that's where he got that's where he had it in the in the cell
well that's in manhunter huh that's manhunter i believe
well whatever okay whatever you what does this
mean because of it did he sneak it in or did he or did
electric write that himself just to remind him of the art
i haven't got any ideas since i didn't write the uh- since it's
fiction to begin with i didn't write it i don't know
oh i just thought perhaps i missed out
no you didn't miss anything it was just there uh-huh
well like toilet paper generally as it's kind of just there
but it was it was a great movie how i was good i wouldn't that would i think people
got a little too carried away with the whole deal you know it's fiction and uh- yeah
based on absolutely nothing i just uh- it was very they were very good but i think people
just got a little carried away because they're basically bored of tears which was
agreed that Hopkins was the best character uh- he was very important very very good yeah
okay i don't have a theory okay ten thirty four at w-y-o-d in other words when i'm
trying to say as i'm sick and tired of hearing about both of those movies already because
they're like uh- you know i was great but now on with uh- whatever's going on i saw a preview
for some of the new movies that are out there was one laurel would like a lot what is the name of
the movie it's basic about all these kids in a um- fraternity house or a dormitory somewhere
in one of them is standing around in his uh- jockey brief underwear for the longest time just uh-
went on and on in this preview i couldn't shut it off anyway ten thirty five well i just wondered
what was the purpose of his standing around with his uh- hot muscular tan body and his little
tiny jockey shorts for all at time and i guess obviously the purpose was just to stand around
in his jockey shorts for a long time let everybody take a peek twenty five till eleven at w-y-o-d
we'll be right back you know i started that and it sounded off speed to me you know why
because it is now who screws around with these players with a cd player on a weekend they got
that thing jacked all the way up to the wrong speed couldn't have been graveyard could listen to
the way it's supposed to really sound now couldn't you tell that that was like all sped up like
was on speed like kt had been feeding it the some kind of hallucinogenic substance
anyway we have a rumor about kt from our sales department from bis game on friday night
the night has come that he opened up a tab a bar tab for a few of drinks for himself probably
and somebody i'd skipped out on it huh that wouldn't be our kt could it mr excuse me i'm crawling
around on the floor trying to find my life twenty before eleven at w-y-o-d Miami hello hello
yes sir it's what phony voice yeah
well yeah i wanted to tell you the noise stars keep some butt
yeah and they're going to be the penguins unlikely wolf you don't think so
no i think the penguins are going to kick your ass how do you like that
i disagree yep okay go find a real voice will you we have an open line at date county seven five
one nine four six three and one on the starline if you have bell soft mobility be sure and join us
on our passing parade here at what is that number star i-o-d kendel can you how you doing today
okay listen you know i knew Jose conceco was a real slime ball uh-huh but now it's even worse
while he's trying to match his armpit here with madonna right i mean i guess you saw that in today's
paper yep uh that don't know what he was doing there between eleven p.m. and one a.m. probably
the same thing that girl was doing at the kennedy state probably the same thing that michael jackson
was doing with madonna nothing right have a good one okay right wow wow are we off and running today huh
we have an open line in date county i'm going to read these that Larry Kent sent me from a
oxard california more exciting than these calls we have one open line in date seven five one
maybe it's in homestead anyway this stuff that he sends me says why is Larry Kent sending me no
note in here or anything like high up you were just a bunch of cute stuff alleged you know if you
live in homestead if someone asks you for your ID and you show them your belt buckle
the directions to your house start with turn off the paved road
you frequently use lard in bed you have a rag for a gas cap your brother-in-law is also your uncle
your father walks you to school because you're both in the same grade you call your boss dude
you think a Volvo is part of a woman's anatomy if you have any relatives named elmer or booger
you know you live in homestead if your idea of safe sex is a padded headboard
you think a family reunion is a great place to pick up girls
your front porch collapses and it kills more than three dogs
your sister's name is found in most bus stations in the sign for a good time called blank
your wife's hairdo sometimes get caught in the ceiling fan
or you know you live in homestead if your wife has a beer belly bigger than yours
not bad Larry who better use some of that material here on wins 1043 at WIOD Jupiter
yeah hey Neil yeah good morning i want to talk to you i'm first time calling i want to talk to
you about these damn bridges and we got them we got 37 bridges up here in Palm Beach County
we got a beautiful bridge just south of pgable of art and every afternoon without fail at about
five minutes after five this bridge tend to put the bridge up and it stays up until 23 minutes
after five while a virtual armada goes through it then it takes this idiot seven minutes to put
the bridge back down put it down for five minutes and boom puts it back up again the old up and
down yeah well we like to be consistent and soft floor to sir we like to have a bridge on every
street corner and we like to have a bridge in every residence well well we got to do the coast guard
regulates these not not the core of engineers like that idiot told you earlier they just
maintain the bridges coast guard sets the regulations and they tried an experiment a year ago that
really worked well they said specific times that the bridge could be open for and a specific
length of time that the bridge would be open for such it would open at five ten and must be
quite well you're getting pretty educated sir it's not going to change because they got people
with the boats got all the money and you and i got squat okay that's where the original purpose
of the law for the bridge was for maritime commerce that we should you know get after the coast guard
to set specific time are you listening to me or is it just going in one year and after you
okay sir good luck to you it's not going to happen i just wets kind of like getting back to
that topical talk again all these outraged masses okay were matter than hell and we're not going
to take it anymore well guess what yes you are you're going to take it and like it and love it
and put up with it because this is the world we have an open line at pombe 655 wild if you want to
call up and write about the bridge then anybody ever call about the hockey games
i'm sure they're on sports channel there's no way they're going to be on ESPN i guess i was just
a swishful thinking if you ask me oakland park hello yes sir now how are you doing okay first time
cooler great it's cool to say what a great show you go yes i do and now what about that queen how
the bloody queen coming huh aren't you excited about that very excited you know that she carries
her own portable her whatever they call it on to rush they bring along portable toilet seats for
oh yeah we're looking forward to seeing her yeah but i saw a couple of queens this weekend
yeah i bet you did i was going to say um i was watching how it's done on Saturday you know
oh that was a bad mistake and the ad um you could send away and get some types of them if you've
got any of your show no any types of you haven't no you'll get some you make some more money
no we don't want to make any money no you make enough you make too much money you wind up with
hair just like howards yeah you make enough already there yes there i'm loaded all right i'm kind
of like kt and our sales department i'm always loaded yeah all right well just uh cold to say
what a good show you got i normally listen to it work but we're on strike at the moment doing what
what do you do welcome the roof roofing you you what roof you roof on the road roof roof roof
roof yeah what is it roofing roofing he used to pitch for the fillies
good luck but we're on strike at the moment pay the straight looks couldn't pitch what is it
well what do you do what do you do you're a paper roof on ray paper he drives it pop it out
ruffa you know when a fixed race tall roofing and i see well what are you on strike for
it's our boss one pay us Jimmy glasses he's a douchebag your boss won't buy you
pay us your boss won't buy us hey sir let me say this to you okay one of the prerequisites of
staying in this country is to learn a little bit of English okay i can't hear all right
so we thought you messed up the language not asking no no where did you innovate in the language
you still haven't learned how to speak it that's your problem yeah hey all right then well listen
have a great day and you thank you okay that's one of the reasons i never wanted to go to England
is you know to go to a country where they speak the same language but you still need an interpreter
i think it's a little bit embarrassing plus the great cuisine hmm hmm lip smack and good
1047 a wiod what are you doing this weekend probably not a damn thing right because it's a boring
god for sick and smarmy sweltering humid the town how does this sound you can come meet me get some
of those stupid new pictures that we got absolutely free go shopping maybe even get a job
and the best part is you can do it all in one place the cutler ridge mall this Saturday from
noon to three albeit mervants job fair what's mervants you might ask well it's a whole kind of new
department store with casual comfortable styles and mervants is opening five new stores in south
Florida this July one right there in the cutler ridge mall how do you like that
and they'll be there from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. taking job applications Saturday and talking to you
about the opportunities mervants has in sales stock and the orifice and i'll be there from noon
to three given away sports fan bags and those ugly pictures you can come and meet me say hello
bring me lots of money pick up a sports fan bag and maybe even get a brand new job with great people
and great benefits so if you're sick and tired of working for douchebags why not check it out at
mervants no retail experiences necessary but be sure to bring your prior job history and a couple
of business references and if you want to bring me some phone numbers that's okay too come on down
the cutler ridge mall this Saturday at mervants meet me and the nice folks used to be getting a job
was never this easier as this much fun so come out and you know turn your life around a little bit
make a few bucks see it mervants at the cutler ridge mall this Saturday noon to three
he terrorized you in silence of the laugh Hannibal the Cannibal
now he'll channelize you at Hannibal House yes Hannibal House where the food is always
flesh and now try our new smorgas morgues featuring all you can eat finger food
yeah i'll have the hand and swiss on right i want to have long foot dog here hungry for breakfast try our
69 cent special scrambled legs with french toast and i'd like a coffee too please it regular or
the cavities nevermind and don't forget dessert try our world famous hot apple pie
this week order to standard liver and onions with a drink and keep the glasses or a hearing aid
even a complete set of dentures why not bring a friend for dinner
like i said i think we've heard more than enough about that movie already don't you it's getting
ponderous 1052 a w i o d here's a mobile on a starline going near yes sir hey we got a boat
in the middle of the polaroid's pathway a boat you off his trailer on the panetto well put the
damn bridge up there or let's just build one out take care of it the fire over we need
yeah the reason for the call besides the traffic report is by the way sports on an apama
expectable way to selfless age treats wow i want to thank you we went to the melting pot great
daughters birthday fabulous and i didn't want to go i'll be honest i mean i wanted to go
why not why i wanted to go to christie's or somewhere for a nice steak dinner we had more darn fun
than you can shake free sticks that uh-huh i mean we had a gang of ten people we i had a damn
limo and i thought well two hours for the limo right wrong we were there three and a half hour oh
yeah we had more fun and your your recommendation was well well take now which one do you go to
and candle self-planning yeah all the guys that they knew you well they all say that yeah with that
and of course that's almost as much fun as eating it the one in coral springs which is almost as
much fun as eating in the one in bokeh where Troy takes loving care of all the customers of course anyway
it was fun and the and different the different the stuff and the stuff dipping it right in that
oh god anyway i thank you well good i'm glad you enjoyed it you take care have a great life audio
10 54 at w i o d oh i know what i mean here we're almost out of snapple in fact we are out of
the snapple i got the last two bottles right here that french diet french churri soda would be
great about eighty cases of that see the problem with that is who's account is that that's um
what's his name Steve Steve but he's in Paris that's a problem uh now i don't we never see him that's
because he's out working but anyway uh no he's out selling as opposed to some of these guys are
just back they're running up a tab on the sugar cubes from downstairs i bet you the kt will show
up on at mervin spar job fair on saturdays and thets is account i have a feeling he'll be there
so bring a lot of big sugar cubes with brown spots on them make him feel better but what was i
starting to say about snapple i don't know how we uh because i'm not sure if anybody over there
listens or who the distributor is or how that but uh we're out we're tapped and i'm just hooked on
that one thing i like about it best and this isn't even a spot yet is that it doesn't stimulate your
appetite i used to i used to poo poo that jazz about how diet soda or any kind of soda is like
stimulates your appetite because it's got caffeine and stuff it does and snapple don't
i'm going to be so good this week i bet you i'm going to lose another eight pounds this week
by next monday do you think so you have your doubts don't you i think i'm going to do it i'm going
to be really good this week that would be 15 anyway we have an open line on the starline star
i od and wanted pom beach where we're sick and tired of talking about it for a lot of day
okay i agree that kind of multi-fodder is great yes sir you ever put it in that fondue
oh boy it was so hot though in that chocolate kind of makes you stand up to attention
is the number of ebs test like double last five months or is that my imagination only on this show
is a certain message coming through about that well no we probably have
