bottom of the house.
Okay, we have a celebrity caller online.
That was well on glad you thought so.
So this the douche bag.
1007 at WIOD.
It's Friday, finally, the longest week in the history of the human race.
Man, usually the week just flies by here.
But this week it's been real long.
And if you stick around, we'll tell you how long.
Anyway, tonight's the big speaking of that WIOD Hooter Softball game.
The Hooters girls are going to be there.
Stark naked naked.
Just hang it out at the ballpark.
And I heard the suds yesterday and wonderful guys.
But they're so full of crap.
He said in Pompadot Park.
It's not at Pompadot Park.
That's a race track suds Pompadot municipal stadium.
So when he don't show up tonight, the excuse will be he went over to Pompadot Park
and hung out over there.
But it's at Pompadot municipal stadium 730 tonight.
And the goofballs from IOD and I hope they get some folks to show up there from the station.
Because I know I won't.
But Sam will have the T-shirts for sale.
You going to be there Alex?
Alex is going to be there Adam.
We know him.
We'll be there.
And tomorrow I'll be a champion Marine from Noon to Three.
Up and that's a good location too.
There's no excuses.
It's 190th in Viscans.
You can come from Dayton, Brown and Pomp beach and all over the place.
And we'll have lots of stuff to give away.
And we'll be selling the T-shirts.
We got 12,278.
Not shabby.
Not too bad for our Vietnam vets in the event.
In the meantime, what are all these calls on the board already?
I don't want to start on Rick Sanchez today.
I'll tell you that right now.
But, but I tune in yesterday as I was on my way to McDonald's or somewhere.
And I didn't hear Rick Riley whimpering out again.
Did I?
And defending Rick Sanchez.
And you got to wait until he has a try.
You got to buy.
You don't know if you were in that situation where you were at all.
Man.
The Sanchez, like, come over here with money or something?
And speaking of that, what happened to those, uh, wait a minute, wait a minute.
What happened to those Rick Sanchez droppings?
Oh, no.
You got to be kidding me.
What happened to those carts?
You know, every day I sit down here within a couple of minutes, I discover that there's
a whole bunch of crap that's disappeared.
We had, like, about a half a dozen Rick Sanchez droppings here, which would have been
perfect today.
They're all gone.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Are they certainly out in here with this stuff?
Are they?
With Rick and Spud's crap.
Oh, look at this.
They got this thing so jammed up.
You couldn't find anything in here if you're alive dependent on it.
I sure hope they're not in here.
I'm sure they're not, because they wouldn't do that, would they?
They just jammed, like, dozens and dozens and dozens of carts in the middle of their cart
rack.
Well, I'll do that during the break.
Okay.
Ten minutes after ten, let's take our first call from Haya Leah.
Deal.
Yeah.
Let's start off on Hank.
I beg your pardon?
Let's start off.
Bashi Hank.
Okay, who are going to bash today?
Hank Goldberg, first ladies and gentlemen.
Okay.
And?
That's nice.
I happen to have the rate of two and a half to two, and then you want to turn on the
radio.
Radio accident, yes?
Okay.
And he's talking about not having air conditioning at his house.
It's time to make everybody feel sorry for him.
And then he says, maybe I'll go spend the night at the stars nightclub and pick up some
money.
Maybe I'll spend the night somewhere else.
All right.
Then maybe I'll spend the night somewhere else.
Some guy called the little bit later and told me.
Yeah.
And then somebody else called a little while later and said enough for the sucking over
the air.
And he goes, I hope the daytime mentality is spreading to the night time shows.
I don't know.
We've been between the lines.
Oh boy.
Sounds like he's drawn a little line in the sand to me.
So I have to say.
Okay.
Thanks for the report, sir.
You're a great American.
Where the hell you're from.
It's 11 after 10 at WIO.
We've got a couple of deadlines.
It's still aren't doing it yet.
751.
Right now I want to tell you that one of our favorite restaurants, Charcoal's, is having
another special this weekend.
A whole lobster with sliced flank steak special this weekend.
Not easy to say, but easy to eat.
It's going to be delicious.
Come into any one of the four Charcoal's locations.
Get a whole lobster with sliced flank steak plus rice pilaf homemade soups and rolls
and a trip to their humongous salad bar.
Get all this for the amazingly low price of only 1495.
It's a good way to introduce yourself and a whole bunch of folks just bring this grab
a whole bunch of people and throw them in the back of the truck and take them over there
to Charcoal's and get familiar with a super restaurant delicious food humongous portions.
So let's check it out again.
This week's special for 1495.
You get a whole lobster, sliced flank steak, rice pilaf homemade soups, rolls and a big
salad bar.
Only 1495.
It's a deal you can't beat with a stick.
For locations for Charcoal's, they're in Kendall, it's a ton of country center just east
of the Turnpike in Kendall, dry.
In the Miami Lake area, just west of the Palmetto at Northwest 154th Street, that's
Miami Lake's Drive exit.
The Corsair Springs on Sanford Road at 441.
And in Lauderdale on North University Drive and Commercial Boulevard, check out their
gigantic steaks and delicious prime rib to this weekend at Charcoal.
For me, honey, the off-colorized version of Gone with the Wind on TNT.
I would do this in the air.
I must have loved it in the air, though.
I just did it slow, I didn't know it.
Please, please, you first care.
Listen, honey, I've had enough of this.
That's please.
I'm out of here.
I never really loved this.
You lie and bitch, I guess when you had yettangin' his mouth you are cleaning his
tape out into dice clang.
And divinely in the off-colorized version of Gone with the Wind.
Oh, honey, if you go, I said I go, I said I do.
Why don't you bake a mohawk out?
Cause frankly, yo bitch, I don't tip off.
And coming on TNT next week, the off-colorization of Leva Tobiever.
Beaver, I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today when you walked
in the principal's office wearing that horrible sweatshirt.
Well, dad, I was a little more disappointed when I found out you named me after the first
thing you saw when I was born.
Catch all the action this week on TNT.
Wow.
1016 at WIOD, we have a little mystery here.
All the rick sent you as carts have disappeared.
All those little droffins we had yesterday.
So kind of put two and two together and you get 75.
Rick Riley sitting here sucking around yesterday covering up the tracks.
Here's this, he did not take the new times though that's still sitting around here with
the latest article about this poor guy in a picture of this guy that was just flattened
flattened by your Channel 7 news anchor.
It says those Sanchez says he tried to aid smoothing it at the scene of the accident and flagged
on motorists.
I witnessed his plan the anchorman ignored the injured man and loudly told police and
bystanders that blood tests were pointless and would hurt his public image.
Yeah.
So we don't care that we hurt this guy and he's still in a coma and just to make it a little
bit can barely move his left arm and leg and maybe once in a while hold his head upright.
But we don't want to hurt Rick's public image.
Coconut grove.
Good morning, and how are you doing?
Pretty good.
You know, I got a little story to tell you.
Okay.
It happened this week.
In the beginning.
Okay, I was driving on 9.95.
Yeah.
And you know, listening to me your show.
Yeah.
And I got a little traffic jam so I was just sitting there and then I started picking.
Come on, you can do it, picking your nose.
And then you've got to say it, I can't say it for it.
Pick your nose.
Yeah, instead of picking my nose and it pulled out a burger.
It is so hard.
Yeah.
And the burger had little nose hairs on it.
What do you think about that, Neil?
How many?
About two.
Oh, that's not much.
Two.
You get more than two, you get busted for it.
Two nose hairs on the burger.
Uh-huh.
I kept the burger.
And eight.
Eight the hairs.
Okay.
1018 at WIOD.
That's a good story to get you ready for an exciting weekend here in South Florida.
We have an open line in day 751 WIOD for Lauderdale.
I'm going to get over here.
Okay, sounds like it.
Pembroke Pines.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing it.
Uh, it's a little story for you myself, not across that lab.
By the way, we're going to, uh, we're going to electrocute Danny Jackson on the show today.
It's going to be very exciting, about 1230.
Uh, I've never been here for the sports department, Joseph Aggie.
Yeah.
I had an unfortunate experience.
We don't want that daytime mentality sneaking into the nighttime there in the Hank Goldberg.
You want all those old pretensions out?
Allowing Hank.
How you doing?
Oh, it's so wonderful to hear it in a flexible show.
What is it now?
I was just sorry.
I went to high school with Joseph Aggie.
Well, you sound pretty depressed about it.
Oh, man.
You ain't kidding.
What was your first food that he was a dip?
What was the last?
What was the first food that he was a real dip?
Uh, I don't know.
Just the way you look.
Man, and the way you talk.
WIOD.
Yeah, that's more real.
Depressing.
He's gone through high school, wasn't that easy, either, with him?
Yeah.
But, uh, seems like he's kind of made it, I guess.
He's a big star now in the front.
He brownoses all the right people in this place.
He is a superstar.
Hey, you learned how to do this.
Elvis with Mr. Z.
I'm telling you.
Oh, man, I guess if that was the way it would have takes to make it in this world, you should have.
How do you think he's on the air?
Boy, he's sucked around with all the right people here for a long time.
Yeah.
Now he's the director of sports and entertainment and research.
Hey, that's a title, anyway.
Everybody here's got a title.
That's the best part.
The talent don't have any title.
We're the only ones that have no titles.
But everybody else is the director of this, the producer of that.
They don't have a title.
And they all get paid like a buck and a half an hour so we can live without the title.
We don't give it to them.
If you make cash, you need the title, right?
That's right. Screw it.
Screw the title.
Because most of the people who got titles that make up for their metal insufficiency.
Exactly.
Like in programming, for example.
I wanted to say I wish everybody that they're happy to do something.
Okay.
Well, you sound pretty happy even though you knew Joe.
Maybe you're happy you got away from him.
Have a great day.
20 after 10.
Boy, these people are ready today.
I'll tell you that.
I'm not sure for what.
One open line. It's in Broward County.
5249463524 WIOD.
I'm sure interested in finding out what happened to those four or five carts that were very conspicuous
because they had like yellowish labels on them.
I mean, you couldn't listen.
Even Ray Charles could have found them easy.
And they just conveniently disappeared.
On the same day that I noticed we were showing for our good fat buddy next door, the squatter.
I don't understand.
They're not here. They're just gone.
And I checked out what a mess in there.
Okay. Now, when they first came here, they had a big box for consuts.
And they used to have here schlep the carts around in the box, which would be preferable to just jam them all in it.
And the middle thing, I found one car where the tape is like all looped out and just rolling around.
But I did not find the rick's inch his cart.
So the mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery continues and the search will go on.
The mystery is often feeling the insectsуп.
The mystery is often feeling the insectsуп.
And the neighbor heard it before Darmin Carcline calling him a clairvoyant brother.
It surprised quarters gossip.
All right, come quiet.
All over the sea.
Which are here so we can see him.
In the morning, all over the sea.
La la la la la la.
And pick him in love.
If he we heard in service, recorded live at Peewee's
all night playhouse.
Oh, he hasn't ate by him.
Look, no, I'm a hermit.
Now they'll hold hot wax, records and taste.
Thank God for Peewee, man, who had been the most boring two
weeks in the history of mankind.
1025 at WI would do.
Still haven't found those carts.
We have another massive rickstance has cover up, taking place
and they were part of it.
Do you believe this?
I mean, what did he say in those carts?
Either somebody has a yank goes out of here.
Or somebody has lost them.
Oh, could you be?
Hey, Neon, I know you like bass phones, more straights.
But do you like bass cars?
I beg your pardon?
Do you like bass cars?
Bass cars?
No, I prefer radar, my son.
OK.
And another thing I don't think.
Yeah.
Rod needs a feast bag and then I had the ability to do it.
OK.
1026 at WI.
That was from Oak and Chilby, by the way.
So those of you up there of Pohokie can track him down,
beat the crap out of him.
Miramar.
Good morning.
How you doing, sweetie?
I'm doing pretty damn good, to be honest with you.
Boy, I'm glad to hear that.
You know, I'm at work all day and I never
get to call you in.
The Dirt Show.
It's so amazing.
I know it.
It just tickles everybody's fancy.
Well, it's great because I'm a letter carrier.
And I've got your radio in my bag.
We have a lot of carriers who listen to Dirt Show.
I don't want to tell you what they're carrying, but.
Yeah, right.
Hey, one of these things I was thinking about while listening
to your show a lot.
Yeah.
During the war, when everybody was really trying to get
to stand and all this, he used to play a lot of cars
that were related to war efforts.
Yeah.
And one of the ones that I really used to think
was great was the Chamberlain thing.
And one of the all-time great of course
would be to start saying,
with banner, just kind of reminding people, look, you know.
Oh, sir, spare me.
There you go.
Don't you understand where you are?
Don't you understand the real world?
I know.
That's past say now.
It was all fashionable to jump on the bandwagon.
Even I got cut up in certain aspects of it.
It's, they were all full of crap.
Well, neither onward, enough word with Madonna
and all the other crap.
Well, maybe you got to a resentment.
That might do it.
That might do it.
Yeah, there you go.
All we can do is get back.
Sure, go right ahead.
All right, my brother, Neil, you're a dishbag.
And Dan at Active Pass, you're a dirty double-deck
on a dishbag.
OK.
Bye.
See you.
There's another one of those carriers.
1027 at WIOD, we have an open line in Dave County, 751.
Do it fast.
So I think we ought to have a big major tribute to Rick
Sanchez today on here.
We ought to have like a three and a half hour tribute
because he's a great guy.
Much misunderstood.
And when you squat that long, it starts affecting
your brains, especially when they're located where he's on.
Mobile in North Miami.
Hi, this is Ray.
How you doing?
You know, believe it, but I'm on the 79th free bridge.
I can't believe it, Ray.
Yeah, I'm coming over.
I got two checks for you for the van.
Great, Ray.
Can I get a couple of shirts?
Sure.
What's the title of the first one I got to talk to?
The title of the first is the shirt director.
For shirts?
Because we got more shirts in this place, man,
than you ever see.
But you really have shirts?
Yeah.
They got them all around.
In fact, if we don't have one, Alex will give you
the one right off his back.
OK, here.
Give me a minute.
OK.
How's it going?
Thanks, Ray.
It's going great.
All right.
OK.
What's the title?
12,278.
Hey, we're in more than halfway there.
We're doing it.
All right.
See you, Ray.
OK, enough.
1028.
You know, I discovered yesterday that Andy Calb turns out
to be a real sleaze bag.
We always thought he was OK because he's
a short little torpy guy.
He was taking such delight in the fact
that Cubs were getting their brains picked out of me yesterday.
Now, how did that game in any way, shape, or form,
affect the Metz?
Didn't it all?
The fillies and the Cubs.
And he kept running in here, laughing and puking and carrying,
oh, it's five to one.
Oh, it's 10 to one.
Ah-ha.
And then to make matters worse, the Metz beat the pirates.
Oh, I'm kind of happy about that because I'm sick and tired
of Chuck Meyer and his condescending attitude.
Though I really am.
They've been kicking as they've been winning every day.
And now, all of a sudden, they lost like nine
of their last 11 and they're playing like Slutshot, Vaughn,
Bons gets picked off face.
They look like crap, Chuck.
They look like crap.
Slutshot, please do that because this weekend
we'll take care of the Cubs again, the Metz again.
Now, we will take care of the Cubs ourselves.
Maybe we could start Danny Jackson again.
Maybe we could throw it.
We could pitch Sutcliffe today, Danny Jackson again tomorrow.
See, Danny goes out there, he pitches three innings.
Even gives up two runs or a hundred runs.
He goes out pitches three innings,
who's got to do something for that 10 million, right?
Woody?
You back in.
Starlines open, Star IOD, by the way.
Yes, I want to compliment you on the screen.
What do you mean, yeah, wait, no, wait, wait, yeah.
That was an important announcement.
Woody.
Was an important announcement?
Yeah.
Oh, OK, well, you know, what happened to my Rick Sanchez tapes,
Woody?
I say what happened to those Rick Sanchez tapes?
I think, you know, Rick Riley ate them.
No, I'm serious.
Where did those disappear to?
There were like four or five tapes at the very end.
Have you asked next door?
Have you asked next door if they got them?
I mean, there was nothing that was set on there.
They were all cute.
They were all kind of embarrassing for him.
But that's, you know, he didn't lose anything at all.
He didn't get any more embarrassing than that.
Really, I mean, there's nothing that he hasn't already
said or done on it.
Right.
It isn't embarrassing.
Really?
But I got to tell you that I was driving an I-75 yesterday.
And about the 12 new news, when you started playing
the airplanes through Tom Roberts, you know, traffic
report.
And I just cracked me up so much I nearly
had an accident.
I noticed this morning I'm coming to work.
And I hear one of the Sky 123 and four people saying,
now there's no golden glades.
It's clear this morning, no jamming.
And I know, I know definitely that's a response to my ripping
them and ass.
And guess what?
For once they were right.
There wasn't a dog on the golden glades.
With two there about 95.
All right.
You sort of put them on their toes, so to speak.
Yeah, right.
They are still full of crap.
You know, they think they can get away with it
because they basically have a monopoly in the market.
They're on every station in town.
And I'm, you know, giving any crap we want, they'll believe it.
You got it.
About time somebody called them for being
a bunch of phonies that they are.
Every time I'm heading down to the South 60 highway
on the, you know, five or six o'clock,
they always say it's all backed up through the city.
And then you finally see driving in the South of the
clear.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got your plane right over here, Joe.
Yeah, I almost ran into a browned chair
deputy who would slap and so hired.
You know, we do.
Really?
I mean, I just, I was just one of the great moments of radio.
Well, give it a shot again.
OK.
All right.
I'll try it again.
And go, Giants, and big Al, you're a big douchebag.
OK, Woody.
Listen, thank you, Danielle.
You control yourself, William.
I'll try.
See you.
Bye-bye.
You're rid of that stupid ponytail.
1032 at WIOD.
There's an open line in Dave County 7519463.
A pig reporting to Gables.
I feel safe surrounded.
The large evils of police station.
I guess they're looking for the chief.
Yeah.
Anyway, terrible shows today.
I guess they're all home.
OK.
1032.
It was great up until I called.
1032.
There's an open line in the star line at star IOD.
Let's go to Coral Springs.
Hello?
Coral Niel?
Yeah.
I have some more like a pig report.
Well, who is this?
Rob.
Rob?
You're going to be a little chronic, you know what, Rob?
Boy.
Summer time, the sun is shining.
The birds are dropping it on the cars.
And you're like, call the show every day, Rob.
You need to go out there and get a little suntan,
the Lexus size.
I do that.
Oh, after the show.
OK, that's all right.
Do you remember?
Do you exercise it after the show?
Yeah.
OK.
The number of the two lives puts the banning of the two.
No, I never heard of it.
Well, we don't play black music on this stage.
Yeah, I know.
But that's WADR.
When Nick Navarro bandit.
Never heard of him.
The only guy with white hair I know
is Sonny over at the market.
Never heard of two live crew Nick Navarro.
So what's the point, Rob?
Come on, you can do it.
Don't be intimidated now.
Stand up like a man.
Over at, since it was banned, I saw one like a top girl
over by, they saw one of the past years you wanted to take.
And still makes the one case and left the other two there.
Yeah.
Well, he was just taking one home for his family.
Michael, what a jackass.
What a jackass.
There you go, Rob.
Now you're getting warm.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Exactly.
That's my sentiments precisely, Rob.
Well, listen, get a grip on yourself
and have a great weekend and get out of this handed
while you were getting tired of it.
1034, we haven't opened on ever put him on again.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463.
524WI.
D.
If you're going to be out shopping around for a used car this weekend,
I got a little friendly piece of advice for you.
Call the auto critic and have them check it out along with you
before you put down a dime because buying a used car
is like playing automobile roulette, man.
It's usually getting here, it's somebody else's headaches.
And I would say nine times out of 10,
there are hidden problems with used cars
that you're never going to find out until it's too late.
When you've already signed and made the deal,
and you're already committed to make of the payments.
So instead of getting ripped off,
when you buy your next used car,
call the auto critic that conducts an unbiased 90 point bumper
to bumper analysis, they will analyze it from head to toe
from front to back from top to rear of any vehicle.
And just about an hour, they have a fleet of mobile fans
that come right out to wherever that car is to the dealer,
to a private home, to a used car lot, whatever it might be.
And they use only ASC certified technicians who do that 90 point
bumper to bumper analysis and give you the load on it,
whether you're getting the great deal or 11, okay?
It's only $79.95, a mighty small price to pay,
where you can save lots of grief and maybe thousands of dollars
in future repairs.
The auto critic, check them out in day call 592, 7663,
592, 7663, in Howard 772, 6590,
772, 6590 for the auto critic.
This is the thing you've seen the TV commercials
now, and Joey Chinwood and his big wheels teach you how to do it.
Thank you, mate.
Yeah, are you getting the great coupons?
Sure do, but full that ring on up.
Oh, look too far.
After just one week of Joey Chinwood's great coupons
stunt driving school, you'll be sweating spicy djones
with a big ring.
Joey Chinwood, king of the 85 mile per hour condiments
lost.
See if you got one of the chase.
Tuck out the mustard.
21 to 11 at WIOD, so they've all disappeared.
I've checked everywhere they could possibly be.
We have another Rick Sanchez cover up.
Isn't it interesting how he's got these connections that no matter
what kind of tracks he leaves behind,
what little pile he leaves in the yard.
Somebody always seems to come along and cover it up.
Hmm, Miami.
Neo, how you doing?
Okay.
Pretty good.
Yeah, pretty fair.
I got a fire for you.
Yeah.
I found out with those cards there.
Yeah, they're in selling fifths as first.
They're in her purse.
Yeah, they're in the purse.
I thought you're going to say something else.
Get the paramedics again.
Wow.
If you got them, boy, OK, well, sharpen up that needle,
shall we?
Maybe we can play them out from next door.
OK, sir, great call.
Two open lines of dates.
Somebody just panicked when he said that.
751 WIOD, let's go to Davy.
Uncle Neo, how you doing?
I'm doing it.
Sound great today.
Well, that's good.
Listen, Neo, BSO is going to be conducting a Nazi Germany
DUI set point tonight between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m.
in front of the Lauderdale Mall 441 Northbound.
Great.
So Rick Sanchez, if you're listening,
stay out of Lauderdale.
It could be back to your image, do you, back?
OK.
Thanks, Neo.
Thank you, sir.
Great job.
The BSO striking terror in the parts from coast to coast.
And all we got are a bunch of lame idiots sitting back
out there.
Man, what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
One of the first missions of the Santa Rosa County
Sheriff's Department in Navarro Beach,
or is that Navarro Beach?
What the hell is that?
Since the legislature passed a boundary change,
that shifted that community from a scambia county
has been an undercover operation
aimed at curtailing nude sunbathing.
What we've been doing, we've been doing covertly,
Sheriff's Captain Terry Hardy explained,
saying there have been some arrests.
There haven't been a lot of marked cars
or uniformed officers.
He said, in order for us to find out what's going on down there,
we have to be able to be there without anyone
knowing we're there.
So now they're cracking out down on the nude
baters in Navarro Beach in a scambia county.
Hallelujah.
What a great state, huh?
The police state.
We're doing it.
You just mark my words, OK?
You can laugh all you want when I talk about the passport.
And I read that Al Goldstein editorial from Screw Magazine.
Yes, Dad, that's pretty funny.
Yeah, right.
Would they drag your ass away?
Don't be calling us on the air and bitching about it, OK?
Coral Springs.
Hill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I heard you were up in the TV down.
How was it?
Terrible.
Terrible.
Did you win any money?
No, sir.
You got to be kidding.
Soft, I never win a TV down.
It's a terrible play.
Play you think they're fixed up there.
I didn't say that, sir.
Oh, well, well, well.
Or be it for me to make any accusations like that.
Hey, listen, have you ever eaten in a place
right outside of Rochester?
It's called the Maplewood Inn.
I know what it is, I've never been there.
Oh, great food.
You're up in Rochester.
I think I've been there a long time ago.
Very, very good.
Well, that's good.
Hey, listen, can I call somebody a douchebag?
1042 at WIOD.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463, 524.
WIOD, clear water.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing OK, sir.
I haven't talked to you in a long time.
I used to live down there.
I moved down.
I moved to Sarasota for a while.
You moved to Sarasota while things are getting pretty hot
over there.
Yeah, it was, they have nothing to do over there.
It's so ridiculous.
You know, you heard the St. Peter's birds say
that people retire when they go.
You know, they go to retire.
Well, their mothers and fathers retire to Sarasota.
That is correct.
They're dead.
They're grandparents.
The great grandparents retire to Sarasota.
Yeah, my buddy, Mark, at the Mercedes dealer down there
since he tapes everyone for a while,
so I can still keep track of what's going on.
Well, it's the same old craft, not the race here.
There's nothing to do in this town.
The radio appears about the same except for your show down there.
They're the traffic's the same.
They don't have an clue.
They're on 50 different stations with 40 different names.
They don't know what they're doing.
I bet you Mike Paxton is on down there, too.
He probably is.
What's his name?
He's probably CD Schwartz on a year over there.
Now, full of crap, Tom Roberts.
OK, you're not full of anybody, a fat slob.
Yeah, well, they can add airplane.
They can confuse you.
Oh, and they don't know.
How can you really tell?
I mean, you're at that far up in the air.
You look down, all the streets.
Yeah, that's the problem there.
Playing that's like cruising at 37,000 feet.
What the hell are they going to see?
You don't know what's going on.
Anyway, you're doing a great job for the veterans and stuff.
Well, we're trying, like, hell, it's a tough thing just
to come from out of the blue and ask for 24 grand.
But we're plugging away.
Yeah, I listened to the tape.
I think it was from last Monday.
I was listening to that on the way in this morning
about our buddy Greg, whatever they are getting
flammed off the light bulb.
No, he's not.
That was a false rumor planted by somebody inside.
I don't want to mention Steve's name,
but they wanted him out desperately.
And he's still on there.
He's still plugging away with his...
Oh, you mean Steve the douchebag came?
And not in New York?
He's down there now.
You didn't know that?
Oh, he got blown on New York in a matter of months.
What do you do for him to sleep up there?
Yeah.
They didn't have enough of those...
One too many urine leave, he shows.
Chris, if I had a choice between us
and the Howard Stern Don Eimes or Steve Kane,
that would be a tough one.
Oh, yeah, Don Eimes is really good.
Yeah, you're right.
And at the end, they got that F.A. and radio up there.
That's right.
And they actually promote the personalities up there.
They keep on a Metz broadcast.
They keep talking about Eimes.
They got all these caricatures and billboards.
They actually believe in promoting the personalities up there.
And he comes on and he rips the hell out of the Metz
and the sports staff and they love it.
That's right.
Here, we don't want to promote the personalities
because somebody might find out that we're here
so we talk about news, weather, and traffic.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Lame.
Oh, listen, you just reminded me.
You know, Howard went on the year in Los Angeles.
Howard Stern on the...
The F.A. is doing in California.
Right.
It's a formal cast of what he's doing in Philly and Washington
in the K-Rock in New York.
So he's on an L.A.
And so the first person he started ripping out there
and justifiably so was Tom Likas.
Likas.
Remember Tom Likas was here for a...
Yeah, yeah.
Where'd he go to Chicago?
Right off to...
No, he's at our sister station, K.F.I.
Another Cox Broadcasting embarrassment out there.
Oh, yeah.
So guess what K.F.I's management told Tom Likas?
What's that?
You can't respond.
Don't mention Howard's name.
Just to ignore it.
Now, isn't that typical?
Isn't that just the Cox Broadcasting way?
Ignore it.
Oh, yeah.
Like nobody's going to...
Somebody might find Howard if Likas mentions his name on here.
Oh, man.
These people, if they knew anything about radio,
it would hurt them.
The only thing they know is to put on a bunch of slush out there
on a coast in L.A.
And make 37 million a year from it or something like that.
So all they can do is put on a bunch of CDs
and sharpen up the needle.
Oh, well.
I'm working for the Z5 guy.
I've been there waiting for some parts.
So I better get back to work.
OK, get your ass to work and have a great day.
Nice talking to you, Neil.
See you.
10.45.
Yeah, Likas.
Don't mention Howard.
Management will get all paranoid and upset up there
just like they do here.
Hold on, let's just leave on here.
Ooh, ooh.
God, these people are such a bunch of whims.
Two open lines are both enbrowered at 5249463.
524, WIOD.
That's when you see the two lines like that,
that's the sure sign that we're just beginning
to start eroding for the day.
But I don't care.
We got just tons of cars.
He went out without the Rick Sanchez cars.
Doesn't that strike?
Anybody is being a little bit mysterious.
I'm not making it up.
We had those little drop-ins.
They were pretty amusing and abusing.
Look at that.
And the toll-free lines opened too.
So now we were sizzling all morning
and now while they're coming back a little bit.
But strikes me as pretty peculiar.
And especially, I only tuned in and bits and pieces.
Maybe we need a spy report.
But what?
There must have been something that preceded
or went around Rick Gareli.
And here we just had him butched up a little bit
and he's sucking around defending Rick Sanchez,
defending the indefensible.
If you go see Return to the Blue Lagoon,
be sure to wear those no-zipper jeans.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Me, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Our first off, Southclip is the Antichrist.
And who is Southclip?
Oh.
Start with our three-game slide.
Yeah, he does have three little sixes under his beard.
And that's his earned run average to a 66.6.
Next, I do have a dish.
Fortunately, they get to catch all the games
that you don't want to see anywhere.
Yes, sir.
And yeah, what do we have a day game today, right?
320 Eastern Daylight Time, WGN.
I don't know if we could catch the last few
any of these anyway.
As a matter of fact, the Metz fans,
I believe, get screwed again today
because I think I heard Ralph say last night
it's going to be on Sports Channel, New York again,
which is F-47 if you have a satellite dish
and if you don't, you're screwed down here.
That's it.
I'll see you in this morning in New York City.
They have a big protest, something about Pee-Wee,
play with Pee-Wee Day or something.
Right.
I don't have 500 people out there playing with Pee-Wee.
And try to play with Pee-Wee.
With their button jeans.
Well, that's about it.
Now I have a good day.
And the same to you, sir.
Take care.
See ya.
132 at WIOD in a country filled with hypocrites and the assholes.
An open line in Broward 5249463.
And we'll go to Miami and say Buenos Diaz.
Yes, this is my first time on it.
I have to say.
Oh, man.
I've said it.
Alex, you're really doing it.
I think Gary Mills had a point.
What is it?
Well, I think that Pee-Wee, how would
if he had button flies, he would never get a thing out of there.
How old are you, sir?
I'm 12.
Yeah.
But I think it's a real...
I think you've got a zipper fly.
I don't think there's any question about that.
Yeah, but...
I think it just got stuck.
Bad. Big time.
What do you have against kids?
I don't have anything against, because you want to hear five-year-old kids calling it on a radio.
What a dumb, but I mean...
Yeah, see, there you go.
We like to talk to somebody more mature and intelligent like you, sir.
Right.
There you go.
But...
That guy's a rotation.
If your voice gets any higher, man, they're going to come to inspect
see if there's anything there, okay?
I think you better quit while you're ahead.
We got to play that song.
He's an old smoothie for that kid.
He's like...
We got that Michael J. Fox syndrome.
I mean, there's just nothing there.
Just a smooth spot.
Jamie Neils.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, I am.
This is Jamie.
I'm from Gene Stiles, the rich and famous, and I can give you a pretty good rundown on the story of the button...
...bust-frontly.
Gene Stiles of the rich and flaming?
Yeah, rich and famous, yes.
I see.
Just like the Italian show.
Yes, sir.
Well, first of all, the button front was originally a farmer's.
Gene was the original Levi gene.
What's worn by Levi Harner at the TV Down?
Okay.
And they became...
They became collectors items in Europe.
And people were buying our used button front genes over here and taking them back to Europe.
And it became a style.
And it's still a major style over there today.
Most of our button fronts the years...
Maybe that's why there's that big sign over the stalls in Europe, I saw it.
It says, you're a peon.
Yeah, that's over the top of each stall.
Little instructional information, I guess, for us Americans.
So anyhow, they became famous over there and we started shipping the used genes to Europe.
Then New Yorkers and Californians who came to...
Of course, you know, in Tera Soda, they got a big sign over the stalls.
It says, you're a peon or you're in trouble.
Yeah, that's a little...
That's a little bit stupid.
Wow.
So where's this all coming from?
They're just flowing out from a magic flood somewhere.
Yeah, well, actually what's happened is they're now starting to become famous here.
Actually, the New Yorkers and the Californians started to follow the European style.
And then the gay community started to make them famous down in Florida.
Yes.
And the story that Sonny told you...
No, I'm sorry, the guy previously told you about the romantic bit of unbuttoning the fly.
Yeah.
We heard that story many, many times.
Sure, I got this.
There's nothing romantic about tugging at each one of those damn things when you're just really desperate to check out what's in there.
There's nothing romantic about it at all.
Believe me.
Well, I trust rating itself.
I don't know. Stop my finger.
Especially when they don't want to give you any help.
Just to sit back.
Okay, go ahead and see.
I'll have a later one.
I'll have a later one.
The ladies want them now.
The college girls want them.
And they want them ripped and torn.
We get twice as much money for a used button for our juniors we get for a perfect regular leave-off.
I'll be damned.
Well, I guess like Sonny said, they're making a fashion statement.
Yeah.
A bad one.
Uh-huh.
Well, Jamie, you've been a real tweet.
Let me tell you that.
Okay.
I'm going to go home and put on my book.
Bush Good and just have a great weekend.
Okay, Neil.
Good luck, Jamie.
Good boy.
I'm sure it is.
136 Jamie Nells from Gene Styles of the rich and famous.
Oh, and Alex puts lifestyles of the rich and famous son.
Well, you are.
You're so gallable, man.
They can tell you anything like these little six-year-old kids that tell you they're 25.
It's 136 at WIOD.
So, you're having a limited time only, say it like not an angel.
We sure are.
It is so hard.
Here's my story.
Sad but true.
I always said that there are husband and wife and wife.
It would never be cut dead wearing a button fly.
And I said, well, why is he so honest and open about these things?
He said, he don't have much to hide.
17-till-two at Mollie's Jewish.
What do you expect?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Uh, yes, this is about the button flies again.
Okay.
I'm originally from Montana.
And I was my first exposure to the button fly.
Your first exposure to the button fly?
That's an interesting way you put it.
I was only about 11 or 12 when the hormones were starting to go.
And my older sister had a boyfriend that always wore button down fly.
Wow.
And it was always just really interesting.
And later on, I would always suggest that my boyfriend would try wearing them.
Yeah.
And a couple of my boyfriends were really, you know, strict about the kind of genes that they'd wear.
One wore Wrangler.
Oh, yeah.
The other wore a...
Making a fashion statement.
Yeah, the other one.
Well, Montana kind of keeps.
Exactly.
Like in beauty.
Yeah.
But anyway, there's just such a difference, you know, between a man that's wearing a regular zipper.
And then the...
Really?
The button down fly.
Well, what's the difference?
Well, just look at it.
You know, I just...
Oh, you mean look at the fly.
Yes, you can see it.
I see.
You know, it's the way it's...
It's the shape and...
So in other words, it is a statement.
Well, I don't know.
You know, the guy that called in about the genes of the rich and famous.
I don't know.
You know what?
Because I left my tent and went to Europe and the military.
And I knew they did have a big thing for our genes.
They trade just about anything to get a pair of button down fly.
Well, I think we've tapped into something really incredible here today.
I don't think it is a fashion statement.
I think it's a psychological thing.
Yeah.
I think once a man gets a pair of these genes on, it feels its power.
It's kind of like what they say at the funeral parlour.
It's just good a task.
It's good to check out our basket.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It's something like that.
It's like, you know, well, it kind of gives them a little extra.
It's kind of like a woman wearing a padded bra.
I see.
That's what I thought.
So in other words, what you see may not be what you get.
Right, right.
But women seem to go for that.
And then once the men get them on, they're all the sudden they've got all this power.
And you know, they can just...
Okay, there's a little suggestion.
All you guys try this weekend, the button fly.
You may be flying all weekend.
It can change its whole limit.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Boy, there it is right from Montana.
A psychological statement, not just a fashion statement, but a psychological statement.
She also said a couple of socks can't hurt either.
Oh, geez, please.
I just had lunch a little while ago.
145 WIOD.
I'm telling you, this could be...
We could do a whole week on this.
One last week, I guess.
Four-letter day, hello.
What a view, that one.
Yeah.
As in Crested View.
Yeah, and there's a place out there called Crested Butt.
And just in Buchmont, and Niela.
Just a question on a call.
A call?
Right, a call that now they've instituted a quick official.
Right.
Okay, you know what that is?
Yeah, so like they asked all the jockeys.
Anybody got a problem?
Right.
Right, now my question is, I always thought when they had a way in,
the way they had to be the same...
Well, of course.
And if it wasn't...
They'd just qualify.
Yeah, I mean...
Do you know that years ago, I've told this story, but it bears repeating because it was a funny thing about 10 years ago.
I had a pretty good bet on a double.
And in the first race, the horse that won, won by like open lengths, and my horse was second.
And I mean, the first one by like 15 lengths.
Yeah.
And the results went up on the board, and it wasn't official.
I wasn't official.
I'm like, and just sitting there waiting, and there was no objection, there was no inquiry, there's no nothing.
And all of a sudden, like about 15 minutes goes by, and they take the numbers down.
And they announced that the winner had been disqualified.
The jockeys thrown the weights out and the starting gear.
I had never heard that.
It's incredible.
And it's my horse got...
So my horse, if in a second got placed first, and I hit a real good double, I had about a $5 dollar double was a big one.
And I never forget that.
It was the only time I've ever seen that.
Yeah, I'm going to ask you, have you ever heard of that?
So somebody is going to have to clarify how they do that.
I don't get out.
Because it's always the jockeys of the first three, the horses that are in the money that have to come back and weigh in.
Yeah.
I think in the old days, Neil, everybody had a weigh in, but now it's the first three.
But anyway, even if the winner thrown the weights, the result is official now.
I don't understand that.
You know, they'll disqualify him from purse money, but I just pour that...
That sounds like a hell of a good way to cash a bet, doesn't it?
To hell with a purse money.
Well, I'm sure that Phil Saltsman or one of our astute friends will call in on Monday and play a photo.
But I had nobody to ask.
I said, you have friends at least.
And you know, you're right, Neil.
To hell with the purse money, there's people betting in all the game rooms in Texas.
And Vegas now.
You bet.
Uh, another comment.
Yes, sir.
You were at a town last week, but call to had 13,000 on Sunday.
I don't know if you comment.
Well, yeah, because they had that tote bag, that I pumped the hell out of even though I didn't need to.
But yeah, they had that big...
A tote bag.
A tote bag.
25 dollar tote bag.
Yeah.
Those were gigantic bags.
They're incredible.
I took a lot of gigantic bags.
Usually at Gulfstream.
There was a lot of old bags too.
Yeah, I bet.
All right, take care.
Okay, see ya.
Well, we better check that out.
I wonder if John Stamos on the beach there on MTV is wearing a button or a zipper fly.
I guess we'll find out during the break.
148 at WIOD.
And right now, every stinking Toyota dealer in town has tried to unload their 91 models.
The initial investment.
I told you they're, uh, they get the deal for carrying certain, you know,
per subscriber, like the Turner.
They, uh, then they sell advertiles.
They don't load those where they have local avails.
And you pay.
Yeah.
So they get paid three ways.
Three ways.
Now, who have heard of such a thing?
I don't.
At the phone company.
It would be like, I'm sending you a bill to listen to WIOD, okay?
Yeah.
By the minute, they get paid one way, FPL, phone company, one, one income.
Cable has a key.
And then like I was charging you for hooking up your radio so you can hear WIOD.
Sounds pretty good, don't I?
Call 45 and let's go to a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Uncle Neil, there is a wrestling network.
Really?
There is.
I was out in the night.
Well, if anybody should know Palm Beach County should be into it heavily.
Uncle Neil, can you do me a favor?
Yeah.
I want to call my brother a douchebag.
Okay.
Hey, FPL.
You feel better now?
Okay.
No, he just, that was it.
Thirty-fifths, that's a minute.
Yeah.
Well, in Palm Beach, oh, there was a great speaking of Eastern.
You had a bit on the floor.
There was a great story on Channel 4 News last night about how Eastern is coming up with
these reduced fares to New York now $49 one way.
And they were taping out of the airport.
And there was this one guy, a French opinion who had bought his tickets to go home.
He was stranded because his tickets were worthless.
And he was stranded here and he was trying to get back.
Which got me upset to begin with because French Canadians can't get home.
I'm really impressed.
And they were talking about the new $49 one way to New York fares and they asked him if
he would take advantage of it.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I got no more money.
No, not for me.
And I just about, oh, thinkled on the floor with this wonderful French Canadian.
Now, I guess if they would have paid him to go back.
And we'll consider it, believe it or not, you want to call us.
We'll take up a collection.
