I'm a cut man.
A high fly ball.
The sends off.
Top win.
Well.
And a bad man.
As they beat the San Francisco Giants.
Evening up the series by the score at six to one.
And once again, there are the 500 mark with 29 and 29.
A chance to go over by winning the finale on this road trip here.
Tomorrow the final game of the series.
And I trust you are too.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny.
To those who have it.
It's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a date or a business meeting.
And...
And...
We...
Excuse me.
See? See what happens?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists.
Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as...
Burp Inders.
Gosh.
Burp Inders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask her to marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of truth came.
I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burp Inders.
No shame.
No guilt.
No more tummy rumbling smelly belches.
No more stopping in mid-sittance to uncoork a big cheesy blaster.
Just carrying professionals.
And the help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
555-2877.
That's 555-
Burp Inders.
Call today.
And stop being so gross.
Okay, I'm thinking about giving away maybe like $20 million on a show today.
Okay, to the first person who calls.
It's t-
10-08-
at W-I-O-D.
It's a great Thursday.
The birds are doing it.
The sun is shining.
Man, are we doing it?
I said I'm thinking about it and so I'm going to do it.
And I got to tell you this right off the bat.
Not to be sucking around because you know how I feel.
I've mixed feelings about the whole sports ambiance here at 610.
Your sports obnoxious station.
But last night,
Sonny Hirsch and Joseph Gack, he and even Hank.
But especially Sonny and Joe Horrante in California.
It's such a great job covering all he going on at the baseball meetings.
It was just tremendous.
It was spine tingling.
And I have a right from the horse's mouth that Mr. Heisinger.
Mr. Assyggy.
No, Heisinger.
Whiz-
Whatever the hell is name is Wayne.
Was listening to W-I-O-D.
Just pinned to that radio last night on because that's the only place he could define what was going on.
And we got it.
I mean, the National League says unanimous.
We're all in favor any more.
He says, yeah, mine mean dead was fine.
But we want to bleed a little more money out of the whole deal.
Okay, so let's piss everybody off.
But it's it's done.
There's like maybe one chance in a billion that we're not going to get Major League Baseball here.
And of course, no one is town.
Anyway, on the front page of the Sun set.
And I know this is going to get Stan Worthheimer crazy.
Are you out there Stan?
Is he on the phone yet?
You know, he's going to call.
Mr. Casino gambling.
Casino gambling group pushes 92 vote.
Wouldn't that George was saying earlier and he's not even much of a sports fan to say the best.
But can you imagine Major League Baseball and Casino gambling all in this Godforsaken town could like transform this from a sleepy dying over here place overnight in a couple of years anyway?
I don't think it's going to happen.
But in addition to which there's a conflict there because I have a feeling that'll be one of the excuses that'll be used another one of this if they need new ones, you know about the mom's going to come in and a crime and all is and disrupt our early bird dinners.
But now of course they'll be saying well, you know, we got a Major League Baseball town.
They don't want that kind of atmosphere.
We don't want like a Las Vegas ambiance and lots of gambling because got on unless we how about if we had Pete roses manager?
That might not be too bad, huh?
But anyway, it says Casino gambling group pushes 92 vote.
They're going to try it again one more time.
I hope that I wish they just put on the ballot every two years and just keep jamming it down the throats of the people these Neanderthals in a state till they finally just got so tired of resisting.
Okay, go ahead.
Just don't try to drag us in there.
And you know, the amazing part of it is the very old farts and the pseudo right wing religionists to where the ones who claim to be against it.
They'd be the first ones in there.
They'd be online for 10 miles in every direction.
It's like when you go to Vegas and you see all these Southern Baptist having your convention out there and all these other pseudo religious groups.
They're all out there doing it, doing anything they can get away with.
So I'm sure that Stan Worthheimer, Mr. Casino gambling is going to be a yearring it up now.
You're a great guy, Stan.
You're a wonderful guy.
A little ponderous, a little one dimensional.
Tomorrow nights are a big baseball fever night.
Flag day, big night at the miracle tomorrow night.
We hope everybody comes out and say more about that later on the game is at seven.
I'll be there at six.
Fat Rich will be there and Rick and Suds have been kind enough once again or dumb enough to adonate their presence.
They're just incredible.
They just keep coming back for more punishment no matter how much they're abused and maligned by the sales staff and set out on lost missions.
They just keep doing their thing.
And then Saturday, of course, Saturday morning, everything down to Benson camera.
So we got lots of stuff coming up.
We also have the WYOD slash coast frequency flyer.
Which is our little in-house newspaper.
I got to tell you something.
This thing, it started out as like two pages.
Now it's bigger than the Wall Street Journal.
I mean, this thing is just gigantic.
It's mammoth.
Almost as big as our staff.
You know, as you leave through, I'll get into some of the names here.
There are people mentioned in here who are now working at this station.
But you're like 75 people working in research.
A Georgian to have you, buddy, since they pay them like 30 cents an hour.
And the nail is asked in that chair like eight hours a day, several days a week.
So Marvin can go out and play professional jackass.
And we're having all these other people.
They must all be on pay, aren't they?
Like the interns.
See that?
That's the way they like to do it.
A Cox broadcast.
And we have 400 employees, but 380 of more interns.
So they don't get paid.
Okay.
We have an open line at Broward.
524 and Palm Beach.
We had a little thing on there.
What are the line checkers?
Line checkers.
Come on, Steve.
Go sell some more spots.
Speak at a Palm Beach.
Wait till you hear this.
Paddy Wheat owner of the 17th store.
Paddy's place only sexy things.
Retail lingerie chain.
Now has another problem.
Can't raise her sign in North Palm Beach.
The county that made Roxanne Pulitzer and William Kennedy Smith household names.
Voted last night.
Not to allow him is wheat to hang a sign outside her newest store.
The same sign found outside the other 16 locations.
It includes the words Paddy's place and the script beneath reading only sexy things.
Tuesday's vote brings to a head.
The month long controversy surrounding Mizouit's new store.
In mid-May before the new store opened at 767 North Lake Boulevard.
Let me say it again, 767 North Lake Boulevard.
The Palm Beach Post refused Mizouit's grant opening ad is too suggested.
Paddy's place quickly attempted to purchase radio commercials on Palm Beach radio stations.
WIRK and WRMF.
Again, the grant opening ads were turned down.
Finally, only WIRK accepted a sanitized version of the radio spot.
Meanwhile, Miami Radio Personality and First Amendment defender.
Neo-Rongers of WIOD, sure.
Devoted portions of his May 17th show to the controversy.
Palm Beach listeners called in to report and read massage parlor ads in the same sanitized Palm Beach Post newspaper owned by those phonies at Cox Enterprises.
Mizouit is battled fiercely against those who would seek to regulate or banish the marketing and sale of legal products.
You'll appear at the July night town council meeting with their attorney in a bunch of whips and chains.
In a related development, listen, it gets even better. You're going to love this.
West Palm Beach refused to allow an occupational license for the Backdoor Bookstore because of assumptions based on the store name.
Zoning officials finally visited the bookstore at the owner's insistence and realized the gay and lesbian bookstore is located in the back of the building and is most easily accessible via its back door.
The Backdoor Bookstore now has its license.
Wow. That's Palm Beach. So that's why we're taking that stupid line out.
Okay, we're sick and tired of all you right wing Neanderthals. We got enough of those down here and date and brown.
We don't need the just this whole. It's just like a never ending cacophony of repressive Neanderthal old farts from cemetery village et's and Yahoo's.
And phony Yahoo red next. They remind me of the people up in Nashville. Oh, the Bible says the Bible said in the meantime they're doing everything that moves.
They're cousin or sister their brother, both at the same time. That's their motto up there in Nashville. Incess is best.
And yet in the meantime, the Bible says we're all going to rotten hell. Well, I got news for if the Bible's right, it's going to be pretty damn crowded down there. I'll tell you that.
It's going to be like dying and go to Tennessee.
1028 at W.I.O.D. Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Did you happen to catch the.
Sovation locker room last night in the ball. Well, I told you about the bulls. I told you weeks and weeks ago. It's a Euro Michael Jordan in the bulls and all these Laker fans and all these other Celtic fans.
They don't know what they're talking about. Bob. This was in the locker room. It was just unbelievable. Yeah, but for the year he's standing here.
First of all, I look like he's from junior like because he can't see him. First of all. So it does up to. It sounds like the I hate the bird guy to me.
Is this the I hate the bird guy? No, I don't like the I hate the bird. Now you said doesn't he sound just like the guy I hate you? Come on. You are.
I'm not a second time car. Okay. You sound just like the guy with the other. That's a compliment. If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 W.I.O.D. you missed this.
Is this the bird? Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Listen, do me a favor. Play anything because I can't stand listening to you. You sound like a douchebag. Do it. Just do me a favor. Play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh God. You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah. Go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you.
No, not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh God can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening?
Play something already. Why won't you answer me? Get stand up. You won't see he won't talk to me.
Well, I don't know about you, but you sound like some stupid idiotic. Stupid idiotic.
Pompano. In ill. Yes, sir. Since Mr. Hanzinghi and Cifan call on the team after fish, why don't we call them Miami Jew fish? Cause we sure got them down here.
There we go. Yeah, okay. See you mentioned Nashville. You get a Nashville. Y'all who on the phone right away.
Oh, that's right. It's Thursday. It's almost time for the sheet sale. Hello again. I'm McKenna Shishnuk. And now we proudly present a very special episode of Rost of Peace Theatre.
In this story, we take Margaret Mitchell's classic tale of the old south and transported to a Caribbean milieu.
It's a three-part series entitled, Gongja with the Wind. As we join the episode one month, our hero, a very aromatic Rost of Ferry in name, Regate Jackson, is forced to choose between playing in a Jamaican steel drum band or a
bench of the California Angels. Well, man, quite a dilemma for our Noobian friend. He with the whoopie goldberg hair. So won't you slice a mango and join us for Gongja with the Wind on Rost of Peace Theatre. I'm the white devil, McAllister Shnuk.
Anyway, it's 1042 at W.I.D. at the big sheet sale. I was talking about only moments ago. They have a sheet that a little small one that you can wrap your parrot or parakeet in. It's called a bird sheet.
18 to 11 at W.I.D., it's interesting about that phone and the six and eight. It's maybe those are the numbers in the double today. Do you think so?
1054, let's go to South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, you're talking about these old puke stuff in Palm Beach in a place. My father and I do bartending at, you know,
private parties and stuff. Well, this we did a party in at a church and you want to talk about hypocrites. You can talk about the Catholics because I had to go to the bathroom. So I, you know, put all the bar bottles underneath the bar and I went to the bathroom. When I came back, they, I mean, these people, they couldn't get enough booze. You know, when I come back, I mean, you know, like 10 people around the bar behind the bar picking up bottles and just free and pouring.
And they said, Oh, did you have any, you know, cranberry? Do you have any, you know, tomato juice? Can I make a bloody Mary? Yeah. These people are unbelievably.
What is the word for it, sir? And they're just, I mean, it's that tip on Neil Mike Disney syndrome. Oh my God, they all got liver like a liver like a rock. And it's they go. I'm telling you.
It's unbelievable. And you know, we have all of these rainy days all through the summer here. So when it's pouring outside, they're all pouring inside. That's my, I'm like Disney.
Another thing I got to tell you is store cable. I mean, this is, I mean, I thought this was America. Not if you have store cable. Please, I see if you have a store cable, it's more like Siberia. Well, store cable, I got the bill.
And I put it on the bottom of my bird cage. And, oh, in other words, it's like a bird sheet now. Yeah, kind of sort of. And after the day is done, then I'll mail the bill back to them. Come and come pick their box up.
Table satellite came back by yesterday. And they are offering that they are very good people.
Cable satellite came by and for 1395. Yeah, but I heard the quality sucks though. Somebody called in Raven about that and I heard that there's no stereo in the pictures like upside down. So don't get too excited. Check it out.
Check it out first before we go getting a sucked in again.
What I did was I went ahead and ordered the cable satellite. And it's 1395 for all the basic channel. Plus you get free showtime for life. And free sports package for life. Now this is what they're offering. It's 1395 plus tax comes to 1479.
And so I'm going to go ahead and try it. If you know, the bill goes up to $14.80. I'm going to have put the bill on the bird cage again.
Exactly. Well, even if it is a crappy service, at least you're canceling a store will piss them off, which is a definite step in the right direction.
Oh, the worst. The all time worst and Jim Bozo over there lives up to his name.
Oh, and you call them to complain about it. And it's you know, everybody over there is like a walk and talk and wreck them. Yeah, unbelievable.
So anyway, so thank God my name is getting baseball and you got to get a show and good luck to us all. Thank you very much. Thank you.
New from the makers of America's funniest home video. Bob's saying is back. Feeling sorry for those senior citizens.
It's America's funniest home accident. I'll get it. No, I feel. Help. I'm fine and I can't get off.
They're old. Seenile and America is taking a man.
Oh, is it? It's your delivery. I'm coming.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Come on your camcorder for America's funniest Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
they once tied up Joseph Gankianist by the way, sunny once tied him up at a baseball game because he was just making a terminal and just stuck him under third base. We have two open lines in date 751 WIOD I have yet to get to our big what do we call this thing? This is the frequency flyer. You know anything that's called the flyer you know goes in a circular file right away and here at WIOD, can you imagine the amount of time and effort that goes in and the amount of how would you like how many of these do you think they make up about
100? 200? Well with all the new people we got working here I'd say about 300. You go through all the pages of this thing,
page after page about our company picnic and about this and that was you know some of it's okay
and every other page has got a whole list of please welcome this one and welcome that one.
Althea Gordon in research department and Todd Goddard also in research and George Sarkisse in research
and Mike Saskin in food marketing and we got like 7 billion people who work here.
Now here's the page they like the best because these are all the interns. Well I don't think
they're all interns Mike isn't an intern he's a part-time board op right? Would you think he's the
only one of these guys gets paid wouldn't you think he afforded washes underwear? Oh that was Mike
Grayson by the way I didn't know his last name now we know it. Now he's out of the closet Mike Grayson
from FIU. My Grayson don't wash his underwear. He dropped his pants in here yesterday it was the
most disgusting thing we have ever seen in our lives in the underwear too. Currently working as part
time board op at WIOD is a major in broadcast production and attends FIU and he even speaks English
how do you like that? Oh Joey Everett like Alex so well let's get back to Alex Alex Rodriguez we
know Alex would along here in the ponytail needs a haircut Melissa Mandel from FIU majoring in print
who's Melissa George who the hell is Melissa Mandel? Marketing intern? Do I have I do I know her
if I see her? No how come Mari and Heather aren't on his list they're probably not gonna they're
not gonna stick around after Adam Pindham in the wall yesterday. Joey Everett also will like Alex
from a bouter college Adam Kirschner who was in here only Mo brings in the mail very obedient he
gives me anything I want. Attends University of Miami? See I know nobody's perfect okay it's a good
guy but he attends you of him as major as communications oh god. Get serious Adam Okinawa
he's always laughing graduates the end of this month well congratulations Adam Okina just to get
a real job Wendy March will be joining our staff of interns June 12th he's a law student at U.M.
Honest to God it just goes on and on and on we got like 50 billion people here and they're always
crying and we can't make any money no matter how much we blow we can't make any money this AM
is so expensive. That's my opinion I'm like Disney. Yeah well maybe if you cut like 60 of the
dead heads off the payroll we might have some money around here for everybody like George
overworked and desperately underpaid and got a good attitude in spite of it most of the time
he wants to know where his salad is we have an open line of date counties 751 W.I.O.D.
here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale who says hi Neil hi my name is Kimberly I met you I've
wrote one of your remotes over it I guess it's the bizarre over on 34th Avenue and Eglene or
yes ma'am when you were doing the your canola canola's house donation thing I got your shirt
but anyway something really interesting well wait a minute wait a minute you got the shirt but do
wear it yes of course I'm wearing my heart but of course everybody says that but I do and I've
got your tapes yeah yeah and Gilbert was there and that was the day that I kind of like
lightly met this Gilbert and put the face with the voice and great great on what I wanted to call
you about is my business takes me to Viral Beach often every week I'm usually every Thursday yeah
talking about a sheet sale and there's a guy out there who's also a Neil ain't but he doesn't
pick you up in Viral which is where his business is but he lives in Fort Pierce and he's the owner
of this easy I've always been told I could never get picked up in Viral there's your buddy
but anyway you know miss easy the horse I think that you were like gun hoe on this horse I'm
gun hoe on a horse yeah is this not true I don't understand but miss easy the horse that one oh miss easy
oh yes yeah the horse okay miss easy hmm any rate ed Dean and Charlie cocker they asked me to call
you really they did because apparently this guy doesn't pick you up in and Viral you already
said that I know but he he's trying to rub it in no the thing is he said that he doesn't have the
nerves why not what is he some kind of a wimp well I'll tell you starting Monday when we have that
tool free number for the state he better call in here or else we're gonna whip him a new you know one
I will definitely tell him but he wanted me he wanted me to tell you that miss easy the one who
just won this crown I don't know anything about horses but your your name came up and so then
that's how it became the past that you're into horses all blah blah blah anybody like you don't
get all frustrated and irritated with myself and really call yeah really definitely I want to
tell you the sister horse of miss easy is is called miss bureau beach really and it's best to be a
prize horse that they're just gonna start running well we'll keep our eye peeled for it definitely
and they want to me to let you know that and so I told him I'd make the call fair stay don't want a
Thursday well thanks Kimberly you're a great American at a grateful anthropist and all out of
this stuff okay well I appreciate that but I want to ask you one other thing because I know you
like good restaurants you have any idea what what would be a fine restaurant to take my flower to
on Father's Day this Sunday where do you live in in Broward County here on upwater down you could take
him to well I got several of ours so you can take him to the spice apple or to a lot to have
Bernetta came to the melting pot depends on the kind of ambiance as you like Italian food
and well know something more American more American you can take him to a Ruth's Chris stay count
yeah that's the one okay I remember you mentioned that's right up federal highway yeah I'm
right yeah thank you I need you to answer that okay Kimberly have a good one thank you and Jimmy
your dish back see you bye wasn't she a bubbly and great live in 14 at W.I.O.D a lot of guys in
this audience like to get her number okay no chance well for the right price we got it
I can't believe what I just did man that is the most embarrassed I put the wrong
carton here and I'm sitting here like holding it
that stores are all closed as you really needs to make a sandwich
and she's buying bread and seven he lives
oh
and the bread is wonderful
boy it takes you back to the 60s done it it's 1118 at W.I.O.D Palm Beach on the starline
gone that's two on the starline that the crap down today well that's good it's saving us a lot of
here's a lady in coral springs I think hello hi I just want to say I like your show
thank you all your video right and I've talked to you before and we got a big fight about one
about because you called my uncle you said that my uncle and my cousin six hours together still
there's a long time ago wait wait I said they won six hours together oh do they are they still
doing it oh okay but I don't think I remember that well here comes that juicy fruit spot on MTV
you know the one I'm talking about with all those hot people and their bathing suits almost naked
sticking at juicy fruit in their mouth yeah so anyway what's going on over there the whole family
in the shower now they're gone they're in New York they're in New York I don't have an action as
like what kind people from up here I'm not from Florida so it sounds like it
but what is the Florida accent like yeah oh yeah yeah sure do
and I just want to be from that four weeks I spent in Nashville it kind of rubs off
well I could be accent too I just want to say that I have two can I have a Canadian next
to neighbor and they're driving me up the wall they won't let me play music well they start
yelling at you saying all the Christians and everything you play music I have a solution for
your problem already right you know what to tell them right if I had the ability to do I take you
out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in that'll do it okay okay what you ought to do is
just tape that and then crank it up on your cassette machine we're allowed to it vibrates through
their wall okay in fact where are your speakers are they close to the wall well see my speakers they
can move so I'm putting them outside now don't do that take them and turn them around facing the
wall they got a you had a common wall right adjacent to those Canadians yeah take the speakers and
turn them around facing the wall like right up against it and then just crank it okay you'll get
rid of them in about a week they'll be gone and I have another problem okay all right on the
other side my next neighbor oh boy another neighbor problem okay see what they've been doing
if they've been playing oh here's that body by solo flex spot on MTV you know the one I'm talking
about don't you you know what's this do you okay okay but see they've been saying all these lies
about a thing like I try to throw off the bike which is not true and then she called my sister
then she called my sister street wise and all that junk street wise yeah what does that mean
is she trying to say like your sister's a slut is that what she's trying to say yeah and let me
ask you question yeah is your sister a slut no okay she's nice and kind not like the other she
shower with your cousin no but the other the next son neighbor does hold is how old is your sister
she's 11 she's 11 how old is your cousin my cousin he's 11 oh well so if they shower together
wouldn't be a big deal no but my sister just turn 11 and I like to say happy birthday well happy
birthday what's your name Kathleen but she's not here is she no she's she's all mercy in New York now
she's at school she's at school today's the last day of school yep and on that school well happy
birthday honey okay and the next one neighbor you want to hear something ugly real fast real quick okay
my next friend neighbor had the big mold on her nose and she looks like a witch huh maybe she's
got a lane at towards old notes okay well listen your neighbors are taking up a petition driver right
now to get your ass out of there so good luck to you okay all right bye bye hey Neil I'm the guy
you love the rip on on my amy zone scottie mac turned about
that house out listen
hello what is warm I'll say you come here often put me and you've been here before no first time
what's your name freeway freeway that's nice I'm spigot please deny you spigot's name here
you were here to get clean oh I don't know you work around here I'm a waiter but Ashley I'm an
actor you know yeah yeah I know what you top is you probably need to rely on all say but you
know with everything it's the news and all it's just hey you can start relaxing right now freeway
I brought something cool uh she and freeway not just any she either look wow gold
lunae pretty kiki kanda monk but here's the most important part freeway from the protect label
protect huh aren't those in door by the city council of San Francisco absolutely you know the
protects Logan docher I sure do certified safe by the city by the bay well what do you say darn look
at that I dropped this so began I'll get it you bet your life he will and with confidence because
freeway and spigot have condoms don't let worry spoil those chance meetings and public showers
always carry protect
don't doubt know what it's all about the protect she so they won't send you a reef protect condoms
our division of black black housing garden persons older vision keeping situation safe since 1887
1128 at w.w.w. I.o. do we have an open line at brown which is just kind of like ugly sitting
there all alone line 6524 w.w. I.o. D. Pembroke pines nil yes sir that's a new tape isn't it no
a new one ancient never heard that one old it's been a long time since you played that one yeah but
weak no or anyway I got delayed uh sunrise pig doesn't have anything better to do report
you it's in your neighborhood that's an agreement I'm calling you you know how you get on the
sawgrass from sunrise how you get on the sawgrass yeah you know that little instruction there
I had a little blink of light there yeah there's sitting there to see if you roll through the stop oh
jeez boy that's just a desperate you're right that's seven dollars a day yes in the morning it's a
May and I you know like when the last accident there what is this FHP uh sunrise sunrise
oh that isn't my neighbor that lives like uh but a block for me is it there was a young guy
and a blonde hair uh another girl there two young guys a young guy with a blonde girl yeah
two cop art what wordy like pick her up on sunrise
I was just like wow yeah talking about rolling on true man who's he can
and you have to look one way you're looking so surprised I was can you get back and you can't
ask the questions well you have any questions like no just give me the ticket far were you I
just rolled down a window and shot I'm dying out of here that would do it and I got one prediction
yeah from this expansion stuff here yes sir you know who's gonna end up in Tampa Bay St. Peter's
burrow Houston Astros it's burr pirate no way yeah I don't chance no way Jose Houston
it's gonna be the pirate Craig B. Gio a Ken of Fort Camini D it's gonna be there Eric Yelding
and a cast of Julian's cast of Julian's mark my words he's an Astros one more question that
there in a rain out game like the park game yesterday does anything you do in that game count no
sir so that home run handy hat no sir white it's white washed away wow washed out with the tide
I said that on the table like Natalie Wood what do you mean it doesn't make any sense it's not in
other words the game has to go five innings to be a game of record so if they played like eight innings
and the game was complete like they had gigantic tornadoes and thunderstorms they had to like
replay the whole game later time the statistics would all count but if it's less than an official
game then it wouldn't count well learn something new every day there you go ask the experts sir when
it comes to baseball I know my ball okay Neil have a great day singular 1031 at 1131 well it's 1031
in Chicago it's good enough for me oh boy I knew it every time you leave the house in the morning
I think boy forgot something not every time but forgot to set my vcr means the first 20 minutes of
the cup game today is not gonna be on at tape they could be behind like 17 to nothing by the time I
get home and who's pitching for us today is it Scanlon yeah they will be no I don't think who is
it Scanlon I guess and I'm gonna say it again Jim Essien makes me sick poor Mike Polekia I guess
he don't like his new haircut he's seven and four he got bombed one game he's been our best
one more games anybody on a staff the game he lost to the dice should be eight and three at worst
at worst if we scored him any runs back to the bullpen Mike we got all our Yahoo's we got less
Lancaster we're gonna ruin him again now he's finally pitching good from the bullpen we're gonna
ruin him but we don't want to talk about the cups 1132 at W.I.O.D Miami
Nail just called the recon firm a little spire report that I heard a heard you be going to
Chicago on the 11th yes sir 11th of July unbelievable we might be flying together well on midway
scary thought you're gonna be on midway that's right well that's great oh the cow yeah only you're
probably paying for it that's right well we're not actually I'm not companies paying for it good
thing we're not there for a trade show uh great well we're gonna be up there uh we're leaving
right after the show on that Thursday the 11th we got our Houston game Thursday night
and then Friday morning we do our show at Murphy's Bleachers and then we rush across the street
for the next Houston we got four game series this time it's gonna be great and especially
against the cream puff team like Houston we should win at least three does this mean I'm gonna get
to see Uncle Neil in Chicago could be unbelievable Uncle Neil just find the way
if you come to Murphy's Bleachers when we're doing a show there try to get in yeah there'll be
a nasty surly guy standing there at the doorway saying you cannot come in here under any circumcising
so that's my opinion so how do I get through you don't how do we get in it'll be
Disney all the way from Miami and I can't get in just tackle them and take them over to the
showers to come in there with Steve Stone he'll come busy I'm gonna have to bend out for that
see ya take care 1133 at WIOD we have an open line in date county 7519463 751 La Granola
Orange is God in the kitchen anyway here's a lady in sunny isle hi Neil hi
next Wednesday I'm leaving for Las Vegas for 10 days wow are we gonna run into you there
I'm dying over here just might oh I hope so because I go on vacation next Thursday
right and I'm hitting all the high spots on my vacation well higher low I hope you have a great time
but where you gonna stay we're staying at the flamenio health center not bad oh okay because I thought
my husband was being kind of cheap no you serious that's a great spot oh all right you've never
been there I was in Las Vegas oh maybe 18 years ago when you were like a little child oh very little
well not that little I was walking into the hotel and Joe name it was behind me and it was the
day of hot pants that style for girls yeah and all of a sudden it was hot pants and boots and tight
and I hear someone's voice say oh those are really nice boots and I turn around and it was
Joe name us are you serious serious huh did he ask you to if you could come out and play well
the sort of because he talks baby talk you don't know that don't you oh I hate the way he talks
please I love to get him and Bob coosie together between the two of them they both have such
incredible defective speech it would just drive you nuts and Tom Brokaw yeah but Tom loves the
president though 18 years later I'm going back to Vegas with my husband we're going for a convention
we're going to have a booth out there for four days but it's also going to be our anniversary
next Thursday so I need a really great restaurant happy anniversary where's where where's
going to be you're in me in Vegas you mean yep oh you got to go to the rhapsody oh okay that's
like the best one that you can well it's I wouldn't say it's the best one but it's just a great the
atmosphere is great and the matri-dees about a hundred years old and he makes the bananas foster
writing be sure and get the bananas foster for dessert wait let me write this down okay and the
matri-dees about seven hundred years old mentioned Neil Rogers at W.I.O.D. and Miami and he'll say oh
yeah when's he coming back wow tell him I'm coming back when I can eat a meal again I could lose
another six hundred pounds well I die at every day of my life so that when I go away I can eat
like an animal yeah you'll love that um and then there's that great in the tropicana right yeah okay
and there's that great Italian restaurant and Caesars that I can ever think of the name of but
somebody will call in and remind me that's supposed to be just phenomenal if you love a tag oh I do
yeah okay and we also want to try and see the palestation that you've been talking about right
that's a hotel yeah casino okay palestation I mean it's it's not like a fancy real fancy place from
the outside looks kind of like a country investor in Yahoo place but it's nice and the buffet upstairs
is really great brand new it's tremendous now do people get dressed up out there or
no just for the shows but not for anything else okay they're dressed up these you'll see cowboys
and uh you know just I mean anything between sloppy and the dressed up okay that's very important
to a jappy little girl from my any b yeah well you don't have to worry about impressing anybody okay
just because then I they're all too busy not going to pay any attention to you anyway they're all
too busy losing their money I'm sure I'm a well after 10 days there I hope I still have a house
to come home to yeah that's why you would don't take any expensive clothing you'll be tempted to
sell it more to get back well have a great time thank you I hope we see you out there okay okay bye bye
mr. Rodgers can say what he wishes on the air I can listen or not listen it's love and 42 at W.A.D.
now Jeff at pizza loft I almost forgot this because he's just everywhere like a gigantic tumor
but that guy called an earlier about his birthday being on July 23rd where we're going to do our next
thing up there at pizza loft that night so anybody who's having a birthday on July 23rd
if they have like a driver's license or some kind of ID like if they write it on their uh but
uh we'll get free dinner from Jeff at pizza loft that night July 20th is it July 23rd I hope
that's right now let me check let me check July uh two days July 23rd so circle your calendar get
some fake ID you've got a lot of time to do it let's go to sunrise hello how you doing how you doing
that stuff works I you know I got live and proof here your board off Alex I'll tell you man I mean
just two months ago he was bald yeah and he used that and now he's got a whole head of hair do you
want to see where he's putting it now it's incredible where's that I can't say it on here and he even
puts it on his chest you know and you know he's now he's bragging that he's a macho man he's about
as a macho as Truman Capote on a bad day I'm sorry Neil so uh yeah and and closing I'd like to say
the guys at J&G shop they're all bunch of douchebags okay and you have an estate sir see
uh eleven forty three by the way I'm at pop it up park last night having our usual Wednesday night
good time with fat rich and Susan blood comes in there in the our little private room I didn't know
that Alan Finkelson allowed people like Susan blood to come in there and bug us although she was
on her best behavior because she wanted to get ripped on the air again I also did promise the very
nice lady who was the cashier and the assault key cafeteria to mention that the food is sensational
even better than the dining room during the it really is it's great and she has my picture up
on the thing on the cash register so she won't make that mistake again it's fantastic the only
problem was I was sitting there watching most of the quarter horse races waiting for uh the
cymbal cast from the meadowlands had the first half of the double no problem abdicated with the great
jack moisea I had an eighty billion dollar double with moisea in the second half and he's
leading all the way from the half mile all the way around and the only horse I had to be
michael a chance with the three horse sitting in the pocket they're sitting second as they come
into the stretch I've got a fifty trillion dollar double going on this and I'm screaming come on
jack come on moish and I hear a voice from very close by me like in my table come on la chance
and it's that big fat rich needless to say michael chance comes out and uh just
noses me out at the wire so we'll be serving parts of fat riches body at the miracle game tomorrow
and I thought it'd be enough to go around for everybody eleven forty four at w i o d my ammy hello
hey how you doing okay sir listen uh first of all uh let me compliment you on the gilbert decision
also I didn't line with the actually third decision yeah well sooner or later everybody gets tired of it
I agree 100 percent I'll tell you something also I'm thrilled about baseball looking forward to seeing
some games down here a couple of names possibly for them how about the mymy myjouais they okay
eleven forty five at w i d i won't tolerate one second of wasting any more time it's not funny it's
not cured if you want to do that do it on the ed cappelin show he's got a lot of time to kill okay
forget about it we got a name we got the team grow up grow up mothers let's go to keelago hello
you feel yes sir how much money with one of your spock can you get ready just you're breaking
you're losing it i'm sorry uh now i lost my money with one of your sponsors uh what did
you do with their ten thousand dollars that i've got remaining after i lost about eight with one
of my sponsors yeah one of your sponsors is a music company for the record company at home
yeah look at that he's just what is it what i have left of their money now take it out to
call her post time is twelve thirty eleven fifty five at w i o d we have an open line on the
star line star i o d also i do you do you some of the mind to get yourself a new phone pal that is
the worst hollywood clicking line okay mymy me yo yo hey i'll be going okay what happened
big days whatever happened to him yeah he's around
okay if he's not living with you anymore now while you're writing a book
no i'm gonna tell you to go for your vc yeah okay eleven fifty six is w i o d we have an open
line of dates so these people are writing a book nobody lives with me except two dogs okay that's it
and we all sleep in the same small bed open line of dates seven five one w i o d cut the ridge hello
yeah new how you doing listen i listen to you show all day yesterday and then i got a little
douchebag give me i listen to the rick and douchebag show last night
and uh i made i called in and made a comment that they had all these cars calling in about the team
you mean about the name for the team yeah oh jeez and i called in and i said look man
no i heard the call what time was that it was about uh about two o'clock maybe yeah well no
they come but it was out my way home i heard that you were you were absolutely right and i said
leave it the hell alone man exactly well these don't let me let me say it's listen to me we got a lot
of dodo birds out there who have nothing to say so as an excuse to call they feel that that how about
the Miami snowbirds how you know the Miami master beaders or something yeah and what kind of
douchebag name is that well he's been holding his bat too tight i think is his problem i don't know
i don't think he got no Louisianaville slugger yeah right and that's it's so asinine and then he says uh
what do you know those miniature bats you have you ever see those little ones yeah those little
it's about his speed and then he he he couldn't kind of a wooden that guy had a kind of a wooden
personality anyway like how you catch people and you say with enough of the fucking he had to ask
me to repeat what i said so that he could say and that's my opinion and or whatever it was
that's bs i want that's my opinion i like disney yeah look that's my opinion i might
disney yeah who the hell cares what his opinion is anyway right let me just call them both
douche bags okay great job sir you have a nice one there if you'll better now man i i would like
to get a hold on douche bags man there are a bunch of douche bags oh okay all right take it
yeah wow one thing about that guy he don't beat around a bush eleven fifty eight at wiod let's take
a call from beautiful uh fort laudert wait a minute it's Beverly online six Beverly hi Neil
this is Beverly the cashier from poppin o uh thing right and i want to tell you something from
the silky cafeteria with a food is sensational yes it is really is great however yes i think you
should know i did not make the mistake you know up Richard who did well it was a boy behind the line
pointed this Richard coming out said that is Neil Rogers oh my god are you cereal yes
see what a keepsy and i made the mistake well you're forgiven Beverly thank you very much
wow and i'll never do it again because i do have your pick well i'm coming out there again
tonight Beverly you to fall i'm coming out i'm going to bring about a thousand tonight
a thousand people i know a thousand dollars oh a thousand dollars hey that's half the handle
that's not bad he's percolise it but don't let me eat anything though how about you can have
diet Pepsi diet Pepsi and light wool that's it okay so that carrot cake is the best carrot cake
i've ever had my life that's from Eddie's bakery oh just with knock your socks on i know oh thanks
Beverly all right see you later
and the morning beaver every day of the week beaver hey wallie how come your little brothers are geek
oh
ward does squat for a living but you wears pearls every day
and when they want to make woody guess who gets in the way leave it to beaver
and the bedroom beaver all through the place beaver
gosh lumpy the beaver's always in your face i'm dying on the head
now we can't stand at he has go he's always telling those lies
when he enters the kitchen he says miss his cleaver she looked nice leave it to beaver
on the cable beaver on the you hf beaver you can avoid it beavers like taxes and death it's always beaver
and the morning beaver all through the night let's shoot the beaver
probably at the wio d and obviously by that little message or you can tell it sunny junior
brought to salad sunny seniors out of town today but junior came through for us thank you
sunny come on the chance come on the chance
that's got to be one of the most aggravating things in the world you're sitting there
watching the monitor you got a four hundred and eighty five trillion dollar double go on your
alive it it's the second half of the double your horse has been leading all the way
and some fat slob is sitting there rooting for the horse the only horse got a chance to beat you
and he noses you out of the wire and he's cation and you're ripping it up
so
as old
1218 at wio d let's go to the starline for lauderdale
nail yes sir how are you he would have kept his mouth shut like chance wouldn't know
one to raise i'm okay hey nail yeah it's my birthday today too well happy birthday sir
thank you thank you not getting that caught out again enough of that okay um
can i put a little plug in here for a northeast rabble spulpaul club sure on your birthday sir
it's your day you do it thank you for it's for ages 8 to 15 boys tackle
