and William Schadener gets up there and he says get a life.
Oh, I don't know what made me say that. I just been mean. I wanted to say it for a long time. Okay, and I'm glad I said it.
I'm glad it's out. I would have played some of the highlights from the Cubs game last night. However,
that lady was right. It's amazing how timely this show becomes. Remember the woman that was talking the other day.
I said, if you want to see the guiding light and tape it just start the tape now,
when you leave the house at one o'clock and just let it roll and she said well if the power goes off the
VCR is going to cut off and I said no, no, they've all got a thing on them. Well, I've never had this
happen before but I sure wasn't going to sit there and watch the game. I couldn't handle it. And so I started it
and much much later I come back and at the end of the third inning is when the tape stop the power
went out all my clocks are like you know the clock on the microwave is blinking. Yeah, so I don't have it.
And what a shame because we had two dramatic hormones including the game winner by Dawson and the
eighth inning. And Dave Smith came on and got his ninth save. We had a big come from behind. I
tell you one thing if the Cubs didn't win that one last night we'd be in big trouble. It'd be all
over. I'm not saying that it's great but for if we'd have been three games under 500 it would have
been history. Adios, Sarriva Dirich. Who's that on the star line in Miami? Right here. Yes sir.
I'm Neil. Long long long time. Well thank goodness for people like you sir that can't find
anything better to do. Yeah, the only real thing on top radio today. The only thing period in the world
is right here between ten and two and to these people here appreciate it. No. No. Not at all.
Markets up two points now. Oh that's wonderful. That's exciting. It's up two health points.
I don't want people to panic. Oh my god. I'm falling.
But we're in a depression. There are nobody wants to fess up to it.
If the one the main reason that I called you is I'm on the palmetto going south. Yeah.
This is really constructive criticism of what on the traffic reports. Now they gave a report just
as I'm going by a hundred and third street. There was an accident going south on a hundred and
third street. And you believed it? Oh man. And you've been listening a long time and you believe
those who saw? Oh man. I believe sky king before I believe sky one two and three.
In fact, I believe the sky is falling before I believe those guys. Listen what do you think of a
guy that goes to Vegas? When's good money? Yeah. And doesn't bring anything back for his friends.
I think he's a douchebag. Hang by the way. I saw Hank. Listen, I saw Hank Goldberg coming up the
stairs this morning and Hank was wandering on his way out with a good big smile on his face.
He's on his way of the West Coast again to Vegas again. Is that right? Man, is more money than God?
Well, he's what I got to do because I'm turning off. But on behalf of my friend Kevin and central press,
I want to call Bob a genuine douchebag. Okay. And I'm sure they're listening to me. And don't
listen to that Joe Brennan again. So he makes it up. He's got three by five cards. He just pulls one
out. That's his slogan over there. Winning down. Pull it out. Come to think of it around 10 o'clock. He's smart.
And there is an accident. I have a fifth streak. That's right. Better start shuffling those cards. A
little better Joe. Good luck to you, pal. All right. See you. So 11 after 10 at WIOD. Also, I got to
pick my Huskos. I heard Phil Saltsman calling yesterday with Chuck Meyer. Who is that guest? By the way.
Oh, man. Chuck is great. And the audience is sucking up to him real good. But I got to tell you that
I'm not into guests. I'd say 90 times out of 100. When I hear a guest on any talk show, I shut it
off because them. Oh, who was that guy? What were they talking about? The intellectual snob. Oh, the
intellectual snob. Oh, God. Man, give me a break. Will you? And I heard Phil Saltsman calling
something about his daughter and going to school or some stupid thing like that. Probably with
the racing form. Phil's daughter reads the racing form in school and probably anyway, let's you.
Who am I going to pick today? I'm going to pick. I'm sticking with Katie Swini. I don't want to
snub all the rest of my friends over there, both of them at Calder, but I'm sticking until she wins
one for me. I'm going to stick with her just an admiral with Katie Swini in the first race. How's
that sound? Phil? You got it? Just an admiral in the first race. Wheel it, box it, and puke your lungs
out on it. You're not going to go away now, are you? No. Of course not. Okay. And isn't this interesting?
I don't have to get up real early tomorrow morning and watch not slaying. I know. Isn't that something?
It's so bad. Thank God. I got to be in the top 10 this week. Was it really? Yeah. Woo.
Well, two bad rides you got out of here before we knew that. I'll be sure and tell them to
them. Hold on a second now. It's 12 minutes past 10 to WIOD. If you're a salesman, you know what you
are. And if you're out there on the road every day, if you're self-pharmaceutical, surgical supplies,
you just play. I'll come on Tom. Look what he puts in here. A plain old asshole salesperson. Tom,
can't you do something a little more classy than that? Here's a great idea to make your customers
happy. Have a great lunch delivered to them from the pizza loft. How do you like that? That Jeff
Boy, he's on top of it. The loft delivers anywhere in Dave County and they can put together a delicious
lunch for the whole orifice for as little as $4 a person. I was saying orifice yesterday and that
guy from England was just flipping out. He was going nuts. He was having a bloody fit. Just give
Jeff one, a Jeff one day's notice and he'll take care of it all. And of course, we all know that
the pizza loft is home of the world's best pizza and those delicious Italian specialties that you
just want to shovel down your face with a shoehorn, mouthwatering lasagna, stuffed shells,
maticotti, baked ziti, eggplant, parmesan. It's incredible. And you can enjoy your meal in their
new expanded dining room, including the neo-rodgers dining room. I tell you know when you've made it,
when you have a dining room and then after you with the pizza loft, that's prestige. Or you can
take it home or have it delivered. You can even pay for it with your credit card on delivery.
And if you see our friend Jeff, by the way, tell him his pointy tail is delicious. He looks like a
burnout 60s reject, but do say hi to all our waiter friends up there too. Okay, the pizza loft
upstairs at 69th and Flagler in Miami, just east of the Palmetto, you can't beat the food. And of
course, the price is always right too. 266, 51 11 is that number 266, 511 for the pizza loft.
Okay, so it was not Phil Saltsman who called yesterday, but I just told him I said,
somebody out there's got your voice down Pat. In fact, somebody's probably making race calls
in her house right now. How come this thing is so distorted this morning? Can you hear it?
I hear it. Like, hollow, isn't it? Hold on a second. Is that better?
Is that, I don't know, sounds a little better. It does? Sounds the same to me. It's awful loud.
I like it loud though. Some like it loud, some like it's soft.
Yeah. I'm sticking with just an admiral. Phil said the horse has been away for over a year
and has no chance. I'm sticking with Katie Swini with her without her bug, okay?
Does that bugs me when people try to count me off my horses? Phil, are you were saying what?
Me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. Oh, man, I watch the Cubs ski. Let me ask you something.
How come when I go into these little side issues? Are you talking to me?
You're talking to me? Of course, I'm talking to you. Oh, well. And I'm really delighted that
you call so you can aggravate those people out there who hate you like poison.
That's right. Now they can hate me more because I want to tell you I was telling George
before the show that you talk, call an audience again to be differentiated from the listening
audience who are the more normal people and never call radio shows. Those people are such
butt kisses. You know, when you come into it, like when I've moved around from one station to
another, the first several weeks is like a honeymoon period. And man, you can't buy an open line.
The phones are dripping up and man, it just oh, God, we're just so excited to talk to you.
And then after a while, the bloom is off the rose. You see here pumping those numbers. Now we don't
want to talk to you. And then it's Rick and Suds. I got all excited about it. And then we don't
want to talk to them. And now I notice Chuck yesterday, man, if he ever had one line open at one time,
it was a miracle. I mean, the phones were just sizzling. Everybody and they're just all sucking
around like, you know, one guy he has Chuck, he said, what was your first car? You know, Chuck's
is a 63 Volkswagen Beetle. And the guy says, oh, yeah, great car. Great car. I don't want to go
into the thing. I'm not even going to go into it. Go ahead. No, the kids that got killed in one
in the Sturgis Michigan car going 30 miles an hour, hit them head on and a car folded up like
in a courtier and they were killed instantly. But anyway, that's depressing. We don't want to go
into that. Great car. He would have said, oh, 58, that's a great car, Chuck. People are such
blood kissers. You know what? They really are. I just can't deal with it.
Did you watch with the Cayman? No, I just, I told you that I did not. I went out. I couldn't handle it.
I just, and thank goodness I didn't watch it because it was a great game. But the first six and a half
fittings, they're losing four to one. And it was another combatoast performance. And I would have just,
you know, I would have gone nuts. Yes, they did. Thank goodness. You know, there's still a little
hope left there, but I don't know how much. Our friend Mark Gray said a thousand less.
No, he was three for four. He brought bounce out of the bases loaded. I heard about that.
Oh, that's right. At the very end of the bases loaded up. But Tico Walker had a two run
home, or then of course the hawk comes through and hits the game, winning home, or in the
bottom of the eighth inning and Ashenmocker wins a game and Dave Smith gets another save.
It was a good game. We pulled it out of our thing. I'll tell you that. We were excited.
We needed that game big time. I'll tell you if we lose that one, it's history.
I need to ask you why did they call Andre Duff and the hawk?
Well, there are a lot of lines I could use for that. I don't really know. I have no idea why,
just a nickname. Okay, I have another question because I'm like a new baseball fan. Yes, ma'am.
Okay, last night there was a runner. He, well, got hit the ball. Yeah. There was a runner on
third base. This phone is making like sounds. Yeah. Okay, the runner on third base score, but that's
the side point. The guy hit the ball. He ran the first. He rounded to go to second.
In the meantime, the fielder threw a two-rind. He caught the ball. The guy like gave up.
Is that like a rule that? What? Yeah, he just left. You're never going to replace Harry
Kerry. I'll tell you that with a scindulating play by play. Oh, I knew. It was a runner where?
Okay, the batter hit the ball. Oh, I don't even say it again. The markets have seven points almost.
Why did the runner give up without trying to make it the second? I don't know. You're not describing
what did he catch it in the air? Yeah, no. Okay, the fielder caught the ball. Yeah.
The outfield. And the best fielder is with the Tigers, not with the Cubs.
So the runner thought he had a chance to go to second. So he rounded first and started to go to
second base. And the middle one. Well, runner, the guy with the ball. The guy who hit the ball. Yeah.
Okay. And then the fielder threw the ball to Ryan. He caught the ball first before the runner got
the second base. Why? He caught it from the fielder. Yeah. And where was the runner
way to cut the ball? The runner was between first and second. Well, he probably had him nailed.
He probably made it to what? They were trying to get another runner off base on the play.
Is that it? They were trying to get him from going to second. Well, somebody else will call
and describe it a little bit more articulately than you did. I'm sorry.
Sik-to-Nots landing, kid. Okay. Well, I love the Cubs and that's... Well, isn't that something?
The Braves are ugly. They are not ugly. Dave Justice is not ugly. I just
Oh, just this. Okay. It's a brought-deal Murphy back. And Tom Glavin's not ugly. There's some ugly
guys on that team. Well, we got a lot ugly guys too. Hey, listen, it's not who's got the best-looking
team. It's whatever team you like. I mean, it just happens to be a coincidence. The Cubs have
a few guys who are not too bad. Michael Eckie and Mark Grace. Yeah, Mark Grace.
And Ryan Sandberg and Sean Bosky and a few others. A few others. Yeah. Well, they keep us watching.
We got a lot of real ugly guys on our team. But we ignore the guys.
No, we don't ignore the guys. They're all our Cubs. That's just as Louis Salazar is ugly.
We don't mean we don't want them to know him run. And what about the Hawk?
The Hawk has seen better days, but he's a great player. He's great. I mean, you think,
I, oh, geez, come on, get with it. Okay. Pretty soon you'll be a Bruins fan too.
You should salivate over done, swinging. See, hockey players wear too much equipment.
There's not a lot of stimulation watching a hockey game. Okay, they're wearing like 45 pounds
of padding and equipment. Right, baseball's so easy because they give you those nice close-ups.
That's right. And they're all scratching. Well, listen, have a great day and we'll fight out for you
what the Rhino's holding. Okay, I'm sure you will. I'll see you.
22 after 10. What the hell is he talking about? We have an open line in Broward.
I, my first car was a 60-core VAR. The next caller when we take it.
I want you to call me and tell me great car, Neil. Great car. You know, the one where the
fan belt kept breaking every 20 miles. Great car. What a bunch of butt-sucking fools this world
is composed of. You know what? Anyway, if you don't have anything special planned for this weekend,
and probably you don't because this is a very deadly time of the year and a usually deadly town,
come on out to the Cutler Ridge Mall at Mervins because they're having a big job fair from 10 to 7,
taking job applications for sales stock and orifice work. And if you want to make a few good bucks,
work for some good people, check it out. I'll be there from noon to three, signing of those ugly new
pictures and we'll be giving away sports fan bags, drawing for some neat prizes. And I'll be okay.
Okay, and the Cutler Ridge Mall. So all you people in South-Aid have been saying,
when you're coming down here? Saturday, noon to three. No retail experiences necessary,
but be sure to bring your prior job history. Couple of business references like George and the
Manny and... don't bring Marvin. Come on down the Cutler Ridge Mall. This Saturday, 10 to 7,
I'll be there from noon to three. We'll be called in and make him fun of Meg on the air and
doing some neat stuff at the Cutler Ridge Mall.
The evidence is in. Smoking marijuana affects your brain, causing severe memory loss.
Just listen to this actual recording of a celebrated parhead.
Your turn, me, Nancy. Who knew then that this innocent experiment would lead to goofy opinions,
belief in astrology, and yes, serious memory difficulties.
Mr. President, you know anything about the Iran-Cutler weapon sale?
Well, I just don't remember. Do you know who was your secretary of state at the time?
Well, I don't recall offhand. How could I buy a vowel?
So stay away from marijuana, hot weed. And if you actually do try this stuff and someone
like a biographer asks you if it's true, just say no. Dice rules banned.
Lois Theatre's chain is boycotted. Dice rules, the Andrew Dice claked concert film,
Opening Friday. One of Lois Film Buyers found the movie to be on a non-stop basis,
odious, repulsive, and repugnant to women.
Lois Chairman, A. Allen Friedberg says Lois owns 200 theater complexes with 866 screens in 16 states.
It makes decisions on NC 17 movies as this one is rated on a movie by movie basis so the
Dice Man with Lois is out. Big deal. He's not a movie guy. That other movie he made was a gigantic
bomb. These guys just don't understand. He's strictly a stand-up comic big mouth, whatever he is,
sleaze bag. Just like Howard Stern, radio guy, not a TV guy. They don't understand that down here
because there are a bunch of Yahoo's and they don't hear his radio show, Off-Won TV Howard.
Carl Gables. Neil, how you doing this morning?
Okay. I wanted to ask you, who are the creative minds behind these little side shows that you have?
You know, the King of America? Do you know where Arcadia is?
Yeah. Mental institution? That's where they're done.
No, who are the people that produced them for you?
Produce why? You know, the Ronald Reagan bit. You just...
That was from American Comedy Network, sir.
Oh, you buy these on?
Yes, sir. Some of them and some of them just fall in the door and some are done by Mitch Lewis
and some are done by listeners and some we steal from Arc Comedy Network from American Suds
and they're from all over the place. We got billions of cards here, sir.
Because we're desperate for material.
Simple questions.
These people in the audience, they have no material, so we have to come up with our own.
All right, well, let me give you that. I have no life.
Right. Here's the guy that I know you have a special place in your heart for Larry King.
Last night. Did you see him? I know, I don't know.
No, I did not. No.
He had on Ted Turner.
Yeah. Oh, boy. Talk about a butt-sucking marathon almost to them.
God, I believe me. Larry King's nose is so far up his butt that I think they would need a vacuum.
They probably had to bring in some of the excavator to get it out.
It was phenomenal.
And the best question he asked was like, he started talking about Turner's material wealth
and then he goes, he goes, why would a man like you care about the environment?
Why would you care about fish?
I... I...
I'm going to go out of my chair.
I want to tell you something. I am so tired of guests.
And I'm going to tell you another guest who shows up on Rick and Suds all the time.
As long as they're not here to defend themselves who makes me nauseous
and he doesn't even come in here. Thank God he's on the phone all the time.
Is that moonscope guy?
Oh, you mad.
He is terminally self-promoting boar.
God, give it a rest.
He's as boring as watching milk curdled.
Hey, I think Rick and Suds party with him on the weekend.
I think so.
Because with that guy pull stuff out of God only knows.
Yeah, I know where it's coming out of. Believe me.
And one more question.
Same place where Larry King's nose is.
Huh?
Who do you think about...
Who do you think is going to win the cup this year?
North Star is all the way sir in a big upset.
I'm so tired of hearing Chuck Meyer and all those Pittsburgh fans
that make me nauseous, okay?
I want the North Star to kick some butt.
That's part of the bunch of goons though.
Yeah.
They can...
They can have a cup...
So what the...
The way they...
I mean, they're...
Hey listen, nobody...
Did anybody believe that the North Star could even stay on the same ice with the black cocks
and a blue-in-the-way sir?
But the way they handled...
And the same with St. Louis.
Who could...
Who could have...
Thunkett is Jeff who can't see...
There are few things saying in the world that make the hair stand up on the back of my neck.
Who to Thunkett?
That's one of them.
When somebody says that I know there are real Yahoo.
And Jeff can't see the forest for the trees so that on Sunday on this station
they were embarrassed and we want to apologize for.
Who to Thunkett?
Oh Jeff.
Butch up with those clichés.
Will ya?
All these jocks knifers man, they make me sick.
But one more question of how you part-style the giant is.
Yeah that's it. He's saying goodbye.
Goes out on top. He knows when to quit.
I like that. I like a guy.
You know, he's got no more to accomplish.
He's going to go up into booth and probably add 20 years to his life.
True.
Because he's a real hysterical guy, you know.
He's a great coach.
I didn't say that but he's a real hysterical emotional guy.
Now he can go up there and get the big bucks and just relax,
and tell everybody else how to do it.
Criticize all the other coaches.
All right Neil, have a good day.
That's what Walsh is doing.
Those are going to come back from the day.
I hope not.
Have a great life.
Bye-bye.
It's 1031 at WIOD.
We here in Miami are not too fine to build Walsh anymore.
Okay, because he thinks the dolphin suck and he just pretends
on one side and we just hate his ass.
Other than that he's a good coach.
We have two upper lines.
You're both in Dade County 751 WIOD.
Our question of the day is,
are there any straight British men?
That guy who was in here yesterday, I'm going to tell you.
If we didn't have his feet tied down with cement,
you know when they bring those party baskets in
and a balloon start floating around on the ceiling,
I am going to tell you.
I thought he was going to float away.
For just a second or two, the news department came in,
thought the Hindenburg was back.
It was incredible.
What is that all about?
I mean, stop and think of the famous British entertainers
like Anuel Coward and Rex Harrison.
Talk about tiptoeing through the tulips.
Talk about Fey Wain.
I just don't get what that's all about.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
How you doing?
Okay.
That poor girl, the not late girl, she was trying to
back her to figure out that baseball situation.
Well, I don't know what else she's talking about.
I have a feeling there was another runner on base somewhere else.
Wait a minute.
Oh, we got a caller who's going to explain it right now.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, you know, I know you're not going to kiss your butt,
but I'm not.
Why not?
Just because I've been on here here for 15 years,
what's wrong with kissing my butt, okay?
I'm an LA law.
They said it's supposed to be the best one ever this week.
No telling what that's going to be.
I just thought I'd let you know, but I have a request
that you plan a card.
We know I ask for that.
You know, you're not?
What is it?
For all the C store language paid by S last week,
and still we're still waiting.
Oh, I'm looking for it.
If I find it, I'll play it, okay?
My my second chair said that at the office wait before Monica.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
You're doing a good job.
I'm trying to get to work.
Hi, man.
See you.
1033 at W.O.
Do you are going to explain to play to us?
Yes, me.
Okay.
Okay.
The two outs, Braids have a guy in second Bay.
Dave Justice is up.
Hits one in the gap and writes center.
Yeah.
He tries to stretch it into a double,
and he's going to get his ass thrown out.
So he stopped.
He tries to go back to first in San Bernard.
Gets Haces and down tags him off.
Right, but he stopped to give the other owner a chance to go on.
For for the third out.
Stop, you're on.
Stop, you're on.
Yeah.
Great game, you missed it.
Well, you know, something the only reason they won is
because I wasn't watching.
But the first game I've seen wouldn't this year on TV.
If I was watching a Chico Walker would never hit the one
and Dawson would never have been in a game.
So I'm telling you, I just,
I get real emotional with the Cup games.
You have no idea.
I'm just tears my insides out.
I'm not just a lukewarm fan.
I mean, and the thing that bothers me is these last few days
that we've been going through some real rough times
that I'm sitting here just crying the blues.
All these Cup fans, you know,
Hank and I did that thing at Biscayne on Friday night
and it was a real good turnout and Hank's asking.
We got any Red Sox fans.
We got any Cup fans.
They like there were millions of Cup fans.
Well, where the hell are they?
Where the hell are they?
Are they all in hiding?
Well, we're all out of here.
We keep here from all these Yankee fans and Met fans
and all these other slide Dodger fans.
Where the hell are the Cup fans?
Yeah, well, let me tell you, I'll be up.
Kind of talking bad at around a little bit
and try to reinforce our, uh, whatever.
Well, my trip is planned.
First week in July, I'll be up there.
Well, we're going sometime.
I'm sure.
Here it is.
It's what's the date today?
The 15th and May, we still don't know anything about it.
That goes to show you what this place is all about.
I'm going for the big pirate homestand.
Oh, boy.
We should get our blood kicked.
I hope not.
I hope we get straightened out by then.
And you notice I say we need Doug DeCenzo leading off.
And even though he was only one for five,
but he did score a run, we won the game.
You just caught the number of games the Cubs win
when Doug DeCenzo is in the starting lineup.
In fact, you remember when Walton got injured?
Got that stomach virus a few couple weeks ago.
And we were hot as a pistol.
Right.
The Cenzo was leading off every day
and getting on base, taking a few walks.
You can't have a lead off guy who's got
an on base average of about 240.
It just doesn't get the job done.
Yeah, Walton's up there swinging
at the first pitch every day.
He sucks.
I'm telling you.
He's and plus he's a dumb bass runner.
He's always getting picked off face.
DeCenzo's a hell of a good little ball player.
Well, Rhino got thrown out.
And a great fielder.
Rhino got thrown out twice last night.
Yeah, I know.
I read about it.
I don't know what the hell he was doing.
In fact, that was the end of my tape.
That's when the power went out.
Yeah, I was trying to score at Harry San.
And Rhino's going to score as he's out.
You know, and that's when the tape, that's when the power went out.
I think my VCR couldn't handle anymore.
I'm sure it's a went out right after we tagged him up.
The power went out.
Yeah, that's too bad you missed it.
It was something else.
No, I'm glad I'm happy.
In fact, in fact, I'll say this.
If I felt they could win every game by my not watching,
I would just not watch.
All right, that's a cup fan.
And probably had 10 years to my life.
Yeah, they just don't have the sports this year.
They're dead.
Yeah.
You know, I've known, I know them very well.
This group of cups.
I mean, you can see the pattern.
They score, you know, San Berg always hits his homers
in the first inning, never in the late innings
when it counts.
Always in the first inning.
OK, and we're head two nothing, three nothing, whatever it is.
And then it's just like the whole rest of the game
is like an exercise.
They come up there and they just stand it around
and dunce them, the swing of the pitches
that are bouncing up there and Walton swinging
the pitches on the ground on the first pitch
and grounding out.
And you can see the pattern.
This is not, I mean, in 89, they had, they were on fire.
They had, there was a whole different spark on it.
The only guys who are sparking on it
team now are Grace and Dawson.
That's right.
Other than that, they're all in a coma.
Dunston never swings to the strike.
No.
And now, and not only that, but at least San Berg
when he goes in a hitting slump every April,
least his fielding is still great with dunston
is fielding and is hitting her in the toilet.
Right.
Come on, Shaw, Shaw, and butch up.
And we have nobody to throw the ball.
Ever since Jeff can't see the forest that said
Shawana meter, Shawana has never been the same.
He's history.
OK.
So anyway, Neil?
Good luck to us.
So it's a subcliff today, right?
I think so.
OK, I'll take a couple of value.
There you go.
See you later.
Later.
Another one of those afternoon games in Rigley,
I have to be driving home 100 miles an hour
in my nearly smashed up Corvette.
I come to work this morning.
And the Spencer's out.
By the way, Spencer will not be here next week,
but his crew will be.
So everybody get your car washed.
The Eads of money.
He'll be up in Orlando with a doctor for a few days.
But his truck will be out there.
He'll be a wash and for dollars.
Anyway, I come to work this morning.
And I'm racing a Laura up the street
and actually leave her in the dust.
And I get here and I pull in.
And there's this Yahoo from Next Door Channel 7.
You know those forads that they drive, or mercuries,
whatever those things are, those, he's sitting there
and he's got some blonde bimbit standing there
talking to Spencer's wife and blah, blah, blah, blah,
finally she gets back in.
I'm sitting right behind him about three feet behind.
He starts up in reverse.
And I leaned on that horn and man, I'm
telling you about two inches from my fiberglass
being history.
Anyway, right now I'd like to tell you about our good friends
at intruder detection systems.
They're such good friends.
We know the owner's name now.
Jeffries Wern.
CWIRN.
IDS is one of the oldest independent long companies
in Saafurda.
They are fully insured.
Their state certified.
They build up one of the best reputations in the industry
and they have thousands of satisfied customers.
IDS will provide you with expert installation, fast service
and personalized attention to all your security needs.
So unless you want to be like Leslie Stahl
and ripped off right in your home, you better check out IDS.
They'll customize and design a system
to fit your needs and your budget.
So it won't cost you an arm and leg
to protect your house or your business.
IDS provides 24 hour emergency service.
24 hour, you well certified central station alarm monitoring.
They have a hands on state of the alarm sure rooms
and go in there and grab anything you get your hands on.
Their commitment is to provide you and your family peace
of mind with their professional staff
and Jeffries Wern the owner who cares about making you safe.
OK, so go visit them at their hands on state of the art
sure room.
You'll meet their owner and the staff
get personalized attention.
And they also offer free security surveys
in your home or business.
In day call 949-0020.
That's 949-0020.
It brought its 463-7336.
463-7336.
They have Visa Mastercard.
And please be sure and tell them that Nudin Agnial
at WIOD told you to call IDS
Intruder Detection Systems Inc.
WIOD.
Bang which tape number 6?
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello, may I be to help you please?
Repeat.
Hello, may I be to help you please?
Customer.
Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Customer.
Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
Visa Parliament light.
Repeat.
Visa Parliament light.
This one.
Parliament.
Customer.
No, neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait, no, he did this one?
No, it's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes, I want the Parliament lights please.
Is it that one?
No, the part, the Parliament light.
He did it?
No, no, no.
No, can't you see it's a...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Over there by the dirty magazine.
But can't you see it?
Where's the laundry hand?
It's a Parliament light now.
Now, turn this tape over for language tape number 7.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
1043 at WIOD.
Sure hope that melon had appreciated the fact I dug that out and played it.
Because we lost our Palm Beach call while I was playing.
How often do we get a call in Palm Beach almost never?
Let's go to Miami on the Starline.
Hello.
Mail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just saw a movie last night.
The naked gun.
And I thought it was pretty funny at the end because you know the Queen was that...
Was that a baseball game?
Yeah.
You know, she's going to bargain today.
Naked gun is one of the funniest movies in the history of the world.
And naked gun 2, I understand, is coming out soon, which I can't wait to see it.
Yeah, I was a good boy.
Leslie Nielsen is probably the funniest man he was ever born.
That's just my own personal opinion.
Well, it was pretty funny because at the end, you know, it was trying to fasten her
and with the right field, the rich Jackson.
Yeah.
You remember that?
I sure do.
And rich Jackson, I was a batting coach for the A's and you know, he might pass the...
Might have told that old dumb chuban can seco.
Do something.
You never know about that.
The dumb chuban?
Yeah.
What does that mean, sir?
Wow, he's a dummy.
Okay.
He's an idiotic jerk.
I didn't know that's all I had to say.
Okay, buddy, I'll have a good day now.
Go shoot some quail.
1044 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
524 at WIOD and of course, to the starline with Bellsoft Mbillow now.
Star IOD.
This cost from your pickup truck now.
All you dumb chubans and others.
What a Yahoo Redneckser.
Anyway, it's 16 before 11 at WIOD.
Caesar Maniago, by the way, I've been thinking about this.
If we had any real sports and knowledgeable people out there, I'd have had a call on that yesterday.
He was a goalie.
I'm positive.
And I think he played for the Red...
For the Redwings and also at one time for the Maple Leaves.
If my murmur is correct.
And of course, tonight we have the Stanley Cup final starting.
The Pittsburgh Penguins with Burgess Meredith.
And the Minnesota North Star is the Underducks.
Boy, go North Star.
Go Neil Brotten.
John Casey, whoever the hell else is on that team.
I must be very honest with you.
I like to think I know a little bit about hockey.
I can't name you anybody else.
I mean, once the game starts, I recognize all the players.
But I mean, North Star is the only two players I can name you on the North Star.
And that's pretty embarrassing, isn't it?
There's a thing in the Sun Sentinel.
Oh, geez.
There's a thing here in the Sports section in the Sun Sentinel.
Not too exciting, but there was a thing...
And that was pretty good as a matter of fact about the Penguins Outlook and North Stars.
And the Hot Gold Tending from John Casey and Coach Bob Gainey.
Well, where's the names of some of the players here would be good, huh?
Come on.
Like one would be good.
Look at this.
It's just a lot of generalities.
There were no names, but the Power Play and Pellety Killers and Defense.
And it doesn't mention that.
I don't think they know any names at a Sun Sentinel either.
There's no names.
It talks about Ulf Samuelson and the Penguins into this one and that one, and Tom Barasso,
and Mary Olamu and Kevin Stevens and Coffee Who's Out and Mark Recky.
And I can't believe this.
I'm my hand to the sky.
There is not one other name of any player for Minnesota in here other than John Casey,
the Gold Tender.
There ain't nobody in his whole as Stanley Cup Final thing.
Well, what about any article here?
Now there's a big article about it too.
It says Pittsburgh, blah, blah, blah, blah, and Johnson said this.
Wayne Gretzky said that.
Well, there's nothing on here.
Let's go back to page one.
About 1981, losing to the islanders.
There is no name of one player.
One, other than John Casey who is the goalie for the North Star.
So obviously, Jerry Zagoda of the Minneapolis Star Tribune, right up there in Minnesota,
who wrote this article, also knows nothing about the North Star, and that's his team.
There's no anybody on the team.
Miami Beach.
Ale.
Yes, sir.
Would you define a technical term for me?
Yes, sir.
How can a China?
How can a China?
Yeah.
Means banging on the China cabinet.
How can a China, it means like buzzing in your ear, talking too much, bugging you.
Being very annoying, someone being very annoying.
By talking too much.
Like Tom Dennyberg, just think of Tom Dennyberg.
Picture his ugly little face and puny little body, and that kind of matches.
Sounds like a real cure.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, sir.
Good luck to you.
Okay, we have more answers for people out there who have questions.
I was going to say inquisitive goyam, but that would have been bad.
It's 1048 at WIU.
They also understand through the grapevine that in this week's new times, there is a scathing answer
to Richard Salis' scathing attack on me in last week's letters to the editor.
But unfortunately, we don't have the new times yet, so we'll have to wait and find out if it's as good as Mr. Disney said it was.
See, he gets excited about stuff like that.
I don't really care.
Okay, I mean, it's something to talk about, kills a few minutes, gets the juices flowing in the audience.
Who cares?
Somebody writes a letter.
I mean, the fact that they're even writing about you, that in itself is something, right?
How many letters do you see in there about Sandy Payton, for example?
How many letters do you see in there about...
Alfie.
Whatever happened to Alfie.
Somebody was asking, oh, that was on the Hankshow the other night when he had Arnie Warren on,
and all these old, old K-18 people were calling.
Whatever happened to Alfie.
Arnie.
It's 12 till 11 at W-Y-O-D.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463.
I've lost eight pounds on my ultra-slip fast in one week, today I'll be a week.
And actually, it's even less than a week, because a week you could go today is the day that we picked out at lunchtime,
and we just kind of finally said, yeah, enough.
Remember?
Oh, look at this, in the building early today, Mr. Meyer fresh from another pirate victory last night
over the powerful Astros is here today again, two and a half ahead of the powerful dangerous mets.
Montreal, by the way, is in last place, eh?
Exposing last place, the Phillies won again.
They powered the Giants, by the way.
If there are any giant fans out there, we'll provide the guns.
Brian Proff.
Just blow your brains out.
Brian Proff.
Brian Bellos.
Well, these are North Stars?
Yeah.
Dave Gagnard.
Who?
Dave Gagnard.
How are you pronouncing it?
Gagnard.
Gagnard.
Gagnard.
What's the guy said?
And Davey Smith.
Davey Smith?
Right.
No, that's some Cubs.
No.
That's also the North Stars.
And?
Is that it?
Yeah, and it's the Galtender for the North Stars.
Long time ago.
Both of his career.
Well, but he plays for the Maple Leafs at one time, I think.
He and Jiels Maloss were, uh...
Jiels what?
Jiels Maloss.
Oh, you can't say that.
Oh, he's coming in here with some bloody talk again today.
That guy was a trip yesterday.
He was something else.
By the way, great car.
That Volkswagen Beetle.
Ooh.
Hey, great car.
I know how you feel about German cars.
No, it's got nothing to do with where it's made.
It's just like a death track.
Well, it's all I could afford then.
I had to afford that.
All I had was a little Corveir.
Oh, really?
Sixty Corveir.
A little blue Corveir.
And put 150,000 miles on it.
And every 10 miles you'd have to stop for oil change in a fan belt.
But it was fun.
Yeah.
See, everything, you see, everything in life is depends on where you were, place and time, how old you were, perspective.
Like, when I first went to Detroit, I was a kid at Michigan State, my first, and I'm in my own little Corveir, and I'm driving to the Edselford, the John Logics pressways.
And it was exciting.
And I've got the WXYZ and CKLW blasting on my radio AM, of course.
And it was exciting.
Now I go to Detroit and like, I want to get right out.
Forget it.
It's like all these memories of Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh is a dank, cloudy, slippery, oh, gross place.
That's a dumb thing.
Man, it's a toilet.
10.51 at WYF.
So I guess we could assume safely that there is no step on reshay on the Minnesota North Star, is it?
Thank God.
But somebody on the phone has got some names.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Falling from Miami and the Palm Beach Line to give you some scoop.
That's how desperate it is.
Are you a North Star fan?
From Minnesota.
Wow.
Well, that doesn't answer the question, though, because they've only got about six fans.
Yeah, I know they do.
My brother-in-law wouldn't even go out and watch him this year.
He's the hell of a hockey fan.
But all of a sudden, they get into playoffs, they get hot, and that place is just jam-packed and they're rocking the raffers.
Bunch of fart runners up there, eh?
Valzoma Kray.
Now the white spot works.
That you already take this time.
Yeah.
Here's a good scoop for you.
Neil Wilkinson, their defenseman.
Wow. They got a lot of niels on that team. That's what I like him.
Went to Michigan State.
Any hockey player who niels can't be all bad.
Hey, went to Michigan State.
Well, like I said, I'm liking them more every second.
Thank God.
Yep.
And Mike Medano.
Six hundred five shots.
Yep.
Big squaries from LaVonia.
Really?
Yeah.
From Wolverine Harnas Raceway, School Cracked in Middle Bell.
I know it.
Yeah.
See, how about the French player?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Kray, played for Toronto.
Who's that Gordon McCray?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What a voice.
Who's gonna sing the national anthem I heard?
I know.
Or Dwight Smith will set him up there. He's not playing much.
No. By the way, he's our Monty Ago.
Yeah.
He played for nine years from Minnesota.
Twenty four thousand minutes.
But I swear to you, I think he also played before that for the Maple Leafs.
That could be wrong.
You're probably wrong.
He's a big Paul Skitty guy.
Yeah.
He's your Monty Ago. I'm positive.
Yeah. He and Gump Worsley for years.
Gump Worsley.
Yeah.
Worsley was before him.
Worsley was before him, wasn't he?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, no, he and the Gump Worsley was in a Johnny Bar era, like in the 1800s.
Yeah.
Yeah. He and the Gump Worsley were there. Actually, he's our, was there two years before Gump Worsley.
But the Gump Worsley was like in the twilight of his wonderful flopping career.
Remember how he used to flop down all the time and slide around like a whale and heat?
He was afraid of the world.
He was a great farmer.
