Boy the weekend must have been wild in this joint. Did you see this room this morning?
Man, World War III was fought in his studio. And what's with a little cherry? You
notice how one of those chairs is a what do they do? I'm playing footsie over here
during the ballgame or something? On real what goes on here in a weekend.
Anyway, it's 10-07 at WIOD. Dolphins, uh, by and disappointing end to a great season,
but nonetheless they battled it out. There were 11 no-shows in Buffalo on Saturday,
Dolphin Defense. Hey listen, what can I say? It was a great game. We gave it our best shot
and the problem was we have no defense. Secondary was nonexistent. Mr. Big
Mouth, MacKire got burned over and over again, but it was great. Okay, it was a great year.
We went 13 and 5 and when you come right down, we lost only five games out of 18.
And the five games we lost were all the teams outstanding teams in the playoffs. Two
graders and Washington. So it was a great year and life goes on and next year's going to be
bigger and better and all of that stuff, right? What have we got about 38 hours before
D time? We should have a little thing going and I don't want to make light of, uh,
tragedy and grotesqueness, but I will say this we're not I can only speak for myself. I'm not
going to sit here and be morbid regardless of what world events are. And uh, you're going to
get enough of that on CNN and C span and everywhere else. So we got 37 hours and, uh, let's see,
51 minutes. Should we have like a countdown like they do on channel seven are really exploited?
Don't you like the way the media does these things? Just exploiting world tragedy and potential
death and the horrendous no matter what it is. They're right there to exploit it and jump on top
of it, right? Sally. Tom jik has got a really idiotic column speaking of stupid. I'm sure
Rick and Duttle have a few things to say about that about the ratings at a boy. Tom, you know,
one thing I'll say about Tom. Very few people are perfect, but Tom is perfect in terms of having
no credibility left whatsoever because it's just, uh, just reaching and struggling, Tom, it's
just amazing. I'm not even I wouldn't even dignify the column by reading it on the air. That's how
pathetic it is. I'll leave it to them. I'm sure you'll have one or two choice comments.
When other people don't act the way you want them to, does it frustrate you? Are you tired of
the press writing stories that tell the whole truth about your incredibly sorry life?
Want to know a great way to get back at all those scumbags? Well, now you can, at the Abe
Hersfield School of really disgusting behavior. Learn the fine art of totally ignoring people.
Excuse me, sir. What kind of salad dressing would you like?
Sir, what dressing would you like on your salad?
Sir, get helpful hints from the master of rude on how to act like an asshole to almost everyone
you meet. Mr. Hershfield, I've heard so much about. Oh, wait a minute. At the Abe Hershfield School
of really disgusting behavior, you'll also learn direct from the master of the disgustingly
obnoxious. The fine art of harking up a big greasy clam right on the face of unsuspecting reporters.
Just think how much fun you'll have, watching a huge flambol running down the face of some
too big low life reporter. Act now, and you'll also receive the Abe Hershfield book on how not
to sell valuable property in eight seconds or less. Yes, you too can be really disgusting when you
attend the Abe Hershfield School of really disgusting behavior. And roll now for classes that start
in just a few short weeks. Sorry, sensitive kind, respectful human beings need not apply.
1027 at WIOD. You at basketball tonight. That's a big ratings getter. You haven't laughed
for yet here at Miami 730. Followed by Hank Goldberg with a special guest Abe Hershfield.
Well, that's why I just played that bit. Okay, Hank. If it's a little moist in here tomorrow morning
when we come in, we'll understand. All right. Let's take a call from North Miami Beach.
Neil. Yes, sir. How's life? Okay. How's life? That's an aesthetic defensive showing. I have no life.
I mean, Neil, what does it take for these guys? Sir, let me ask you a question. Yes, please.
What are you crying about? What's your problem? Because I really, you know, I mean, I, how can you
go out there and expect to win a ball game when you let up either a field goal or a touchdown every time
the other team, you know, get your hands on them. We lost. Okay. We lost to a better team.
Yeah. They suck. Yeah. And what about you? Do you suck? No, sir. That's not what I heard.
1028 at WIOD, we have two open lines in date County 751. See he's not a dolphin fan anyway.
He's just an OZN on provocative. You can tell up by the tone in your voice. Okay. We lost a game.
We're getting ready to go to war and this guy's hysterical because we lost a game. You're a jackass pal. Okay.
Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Diceroni. All right. Let's say you're eaten. You're sick and
tired of potatoes and that stovetop shit. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Diceroni. Come on. It's almost
as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you turn on the f***ing stove. You think
you can manage that, honey? Hey, but I've been a f***ing thing's done. So remember, Yankee
Doodle came to town right in on a pony. Stock a feather off his ass and called it Dice
Diceroni. Oh. Oh, no. The Tucky Tesla Street. Hollywood. Hey, buddy. Here we go. What's
happening? Now we got a live one. You've got a live one. I was at let's have a net on Friday.
Great place. Excellent place. So Johnny in the dark. Johnny dark was there? Was he pan for it?
What's that? Was he pan for his meal or was he screaming? I'm Johnny dark from the coast and I
want to free meal. I'm broad with him. You know, I think she was foot in the tab. Probably.
Anyway, Carol was very nice. The food was excellent. I wanted to thank you for your
recommendation. It's outstanding. Service is great. Food is fantastic. They give you enough for
six people. You can't beat it with a stick. I was over by you on Friday. I was the one in the
Cowboys hat. I dropped off my check for Camilla's house and I forgot to pick up my tape. What is
the vet's number where I can get in touch with her? 751. Right. What's her number? 751. Wait,
she has a brown or number I know. 5, 8, 3, something. I don't know. What's the brighter? Can't even
think of the date number. Isn't that something? I just have a mental block. 751. Must be from too much
football. Yeah. I must be at 751. That's serious. I've called that number a million times,
but I have no idea what it is. Any way to operate it. They need something to do. Okay, a couple
other things I thought the way Sammy Smith was running. I think he looked like Bo Jackson on.
Well, let's not get carried away. Not like Bo, but he played a very strong game and when
when the chips were down in the two-playoff games, he played outstanding. He really was good.
Gotta give him credit when he deserves. Mark Logan sucks. Well, hey, that was a turning point
right there. He just coughed. He coughs it up at the big time and McCire of course, big mouth,
nothing to back it up. They made a fool out of him. Just embarrassing. And Andre Reed and
Lothin just what can I say? They made us so badly. Louis Oliver was pathetic and the defense
did not show up. Early Superbow prediction 31 17 9 is over the belt. Yeah, no sweat. See you.
Okay, Miami. Morning now. How you doing? Oh, not too bad. I went to the pizza loft last week
for the first time. It was great pizza. Great. Boy, there's nobody like Jeff Cohen and a pizza loft
and that stuff. Yeah, he came over to my table and asked me how the food was. It was great and I
recommended anybody. I was talking to a girl last last night in Tallahassee and she missed going to
the pizza loft when she was here, but her two brothers and Neelys and I just wanted to call
and douchebag the Tomasco brothers. Oh, the Tomasco brothers notorious douchebags. Yeah,
I think they might have been in the godfather. Okay. All right, Neely, you take the hang out with
Andy Garcia. Yeah. See you. Hello again, Iraq. I'm Hasee Haseem and this is your Rocky Top 40.
Going number two this week and Seymour Hammer. So come on down to Abdul Kamalat for a great deal
and I knew or previously owned Kamal. Just look at this little drama dairy. She's a real
spitter. Yes, this is the Kamal that sells itself a gondah here today, gondah tomorrow.
Dusty Minstrels and now the Baghdad Philharmonic with their rendition of Beethoven's fifth.
Oh, thank that you're my horse. All right, baby. This is your buddy. Go man.
Wow. 10 54 at W.I.O.D. I must have been the final tube just hit the ground here. W.I.O.D.
Halsey and his in a trance. Isn't this amazing? I got two people in there and said a one and I
still have to answer the phone. What does that tell you? Tell me I'm quick on the triggers,
sir. That's where we're our users used to saying that's why the SPCA was very unhappy with him.
What is it now? I don't know. You tell me. Anyway, going back to the Godfather first.
All right. Now we're talking some serious business. Let's put the family in charge of this whole
operation. We can wipe them out in about 20 minutes. All right. Beginning of Godfather Part 2,
they briefly tell you what happened to Clemenza, but they don't really get into it.
When they were at the christening or not the christening, the confirmation with them in Nevada.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. There was a confirmation?
What was the party with Anthony? Not the beginning.
Oh, he's bar mitzvah. Yeah. He's an Italian bar mitzvah.
Exactly. And they're in Las Vegas, in the Vagalaitajo, whatever. And you see Frank
Pantangeli drinking out of a hose. Yeah. And he says, Frank, oh, you look great.
He points to, you know, Fredo says, oh, man, Frank,
seeing you reminds me of the old days in New York, you know, in Clemenza and all the 70 points,
is to, he points, intentionally points to a black armband on his arm. Yeah. It starts like,
and Fredo's like, yeah, I heard about that accident blah, blah, blah. And all of a sudden,
Willie Cheach, he says, no, man, that was no accident, man. See what I'm talking about.
I need to talk to your brother about the Rosado brothers. So apparently he got wasted by the
Rosados. No, are you sure? I'm positive. Oh, wait a minute. But wait. You're talking in a second
movie. In the second movie. Okay. Yeah. But in the first one at the end, when that scene where
a K is in the kitchen, wiping the dishes with her schmata, he comes in there. He comes in and
Al Niri comes in and her kissing Michael on this thing in the big room there. And of course,
they closed the door. Exactly. She don't want to see Clemenza kiss Michael on the thing.
But then I can't blame her. All they tell you, and I had to see her like, you got with these
movies, you got to watch them three or four times to really catch every little thing. That's
correct. But I've watched it a million times and I finally have to be getting. They just tell you,
they don't tell you what happened. Apparently they're making it believe that some of
the people want to leave that Clemenza was killed by accident, but he wasn't. Well, you know, I threw
it in a waste basket because I had glanced at it. Somebody sent me a thing. This could answer a lot
of quite hurt us. All right. This is the, as it says, the Godfather tries for another hit fans count
the family casualties. And it's got pictures like Carlo and his actor, Gianna Russo Russo, who's now
47. It says he's been in 23 films and TV shows all as a gangster. Right. Since his thing in Godfather
won and he got married to Kanye, it says Russo also tours nightclubs with a singing act based
on the film and its music and Robert Duvel. Now let's find Richard Castelano. I'm sure it's
is it in here? It has to be. It has to be. How could we miss? Here is. It says Richard Castelano
who brought considerable weight to the role of trusted couple Clemenza was dropped from Godfather
one after or from Godfather two after he demanded an expanded role in salary died of a heart attack.
Oh no, Clemenza the script explained died of a heart attack in Godfather two. That's what it was.
And then and then she said, no, that wasn't no heart attack. Okay. It said he appeared
in the night of the juggler in 1980 and several TV films before dying of a heart attack at the
age of only 55 in 1988. Right. 55. So it goes to show you that fan ain't word, word sad. Exactly.
But that's what they said at the beginning of your show and then all of a sudden he said, I heard
about the heart attack and it really cheats you. It was saying, no, man, that wasn't no heart attack.
I think the director will play the pasta and sausage. Hey, that was surprising. I was surprised to see
El Nere in part three. Yeah. Well, I brought that was good. I kept some continuity to it.
I'm dying over here. Right. That's what Clemenza said. Have a great life.
I'm ill. Bye. See you. South Miami. Good morning, Neil. How you doing today?
Just like to say that the dolphins had a fantastic game by their loss.
And that's no really brought back memories of the snowplow game. Yeah. And by the way,
if Rick Raleigh is listening, I don't know if you were listening on a Friday, Mr. Football,
somebody called and said, well, you know, it's going to be snowing up there this weekend and those
dreaded bills are a bunch of cheats. Wasn't it against the bills we had at Snowplow? Rick, I hate
to break the anus. It was against the New England Patriots years ago. We had that famous snowplow
incident when the guy came rushing out on the field, cleared the path and they kicked that field
goal to win three and nothing for New England. But it was same general northeastern area. Yeah.
And they focused that camera and that snowplow. Yeah. Scary. Going back to the godfather, Neil.
I don't know if you saw the most recent James Con movie, Missouri, yeah. No, I heard it's great.
It is great. Is it? It's very good. Is it still planned? Yes, it is. Well, I'm going to go see that.
I'm not going to go see a dancing with walls because that's, uh, it's long. Is it? It's very long.
How about the movie? Oh, no, Missouri is not. Missouri is a nice short two hour movie. Great.
I mean, I don't mind a movie being long if it's like an epic, you know, right? Like Godfather. Godfather or
Fantasia or something like that. But, uh, three hours of Kevin Costner, I don't think I can handle that.
Well, I got something for you, Neil. You might want to leave that in the background, but I got something
for you were asking about this other day. There it is.
Oh, I love it. All right, bring in the canollis now. Come on, everybody dig in.
And, Neil, that's the best. Thank you, sir. You made my week. That was, don't you love that?
Aren't those some of the greatest spots of all three movies where they have those
wedding and the dancing and dining and dancing? Your feet like Joey Carr is going to come right out with a canola in his face.
Aren't they? Or weren't you listening to what I just said?
Now they are. I love that. Boy, I'm so excited. He played that.
Che la la la la. Not bad. I had more Gannakings. She can whip up spaghetti dinner like nobody's business and looks
like she's had a few in her time too. We have an open line in Dade County, 751 pasta, 751, 9463.
How's the Pope feeling this morning? Give a little glass of warm tea. That'll, that'll cheer him up.
You notice the Pope hasn't stuck his nose in any of this yet?
They're probably still busy counting the money over the Earth of Attican Bank.
Just a little joke, it's just a joke of course. Isn't that what they always say at the Vatican?
When they have like 700 million missing, it's just a joke. Bad accounting.
There's no accounting for bad taste. Medley. Neil.
Yes, sir. Don't you think it's ironic that even though you like the Hurricane baseball team and dislike the football team,
it was a baseball team that canned your ass as an announcer?
Guess what? What? They didn't.
What a jerk. First of all, I wasn't working for the station at Curitom in Channel 33. I did for a
year on TV because Ron Fraser asked me to do them and then Channel 33 didn't carry him the next year.
So I hate to break the news to you, Jackass. Wrong information. Okay. Bad information.
But I'm glad that we're making your day. You can answer it. I'm not going to punch it up.
Now, why are you so tentative in there? Now she's getting gunshot. She's like,
said I'm Hussein, she's getting a little gunshot. She goes to pick it up and she looks at me like,
oh, is he going to pick it up first? Like we're in some kind of a contest here.
Here's a pig report.
Yo, let's get to the important stuff. Okay. We got them. We got them. They're lined up.
All right, the world is safe. I'm sorry. I said, at least we know the world is safe now.
Yeah, lined up, Cypress Creek, Northbound 95. They got one in the bushes.
His home is radar thing and he's picking them out and then they got about count of nine
up the road, pulling them over and he tells them what he told them and then they give you the thing.
Yeah. And then you got to go and give them the money.
Unreal. Can you believe it? Well, like I said, we're safe for all time.
Oh, yeah. We're about to go to war and they're about a couple of speeders.
Outstanding. And the sad thing is that's part of the un-95. That's a section of the 95 that's
been finished. And it's about 19 lanes across. And the speed limit, I think, is 45.
So I think it's... Well, it's another ripoff. It's not really these planned to let's do some
business deals. Well, look, for sure on money, a poor lot and he came in and found out the state
doesn't have any money. And we've got to cut his salary in half and everybody's getting cut.
Cyphe knife's going to have a good time next four years. Oh, yeah. Have a great day, pal.
Wait, wait, wait. Okay. We can handle it, all right? Now, you'll appreciate this. I'm heading down
the turn pipe. Honey, Alexa, this is a couple of weeks ago. Late at night, you know, there's no game,
nothing going on. I get off. I want to pick the toll. It's a quarter. I give them a five dollar bill.
Girl looks me straight in the face and says, I don't have change. Yeah. Do you have anything smaller?
I think I have something a lot smaller. I think you need five. Have a night.
Great. Outstanding. That's our best call of the year so far. And it's only the 14th of January.
We have an open line on the star line. How's he? Look at that star. IOD. If you have bell
soft mobility and a phone that works once in a while, give it a shot star. IOD. We pay the
freight because the sisters are low. This weekend on MTTV, many's meets West during an MTTV
world exclusive. It's Paula and Abdul.
They need bucks for petroleum.
Paula and Abdul, not live on the year's hottest most volatile tour.
Alpha Sinner Rack.
Maybe since we never ever agree. We like your rackies.
And we like so. You'll hear it's Kuwait that you're shoving. Forever your oil.
Whole hearted shake. And of course, I say we move forward. We say you stay back.
The world's together. And they're off the sidthin rack.
What do they? The Amazon Rack Tour. This weekend on MTTV sponsored by Fruit of the Dooms.
Just when you thank you know what it is. It's MTTV.
Maybe it's I wonder if it's Hock Shamir's wife, those Connie Corleon. Maybe she could feed some
stale creplach to us. So, that could do it. Miami. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I wanted to ask you if you know
about the only Corleon that gets killed and the guy that did it gets away with it.
Remember in the first movie Michael Corleon goes to Italy, he gets married. Yeah.
Apologna. And the guy blows her away in the car. Yeah. He's never been killed.
That's right. They never caught up with his act or the rest of me.
I read the book to Godfather many, many years ago. So did I.
And in the book, I think they have they catch up with him in Buffalo, New York. He was a piece of
real good place for him. Yeah. You know, he owned a piece of place. Yeah. And again, while the guy shows up
in the middle of life, I remember the bomb you put in the car. Right. They blow him away. Yeah.
They put a little extra pepperoni on his pie. That's it. You got it. All right, Neil. Have a great
life, sir. I get my Miami. Pull him out. Our first crank call of the day. Yes. I'm sick of
hearing about this guy. Yeah. Okay. Whatever it is, we don't want to we don't care. We have an
open line in date, 7519463. And of course, that answers the question why the chicken crossed the
road in Little Haiti. Let's go to Bokka. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm going to say me, my wife
went out. I took two of your suggestions. We saw the Godfather Part Three. Yeah. And we also went
to the Outback. Yeah. What a quenella. Uh huh. Well, that yeah, it was I'll tell you what, we had a great
time. Neil. Great. I'll tell you the Godfather Part Three, one of the true classic movies. Right. I mean, the way
that it was just done and well done, it kept you on the edge of your seat. Yeah. You know, I was
listening last week and they were talking about some people with a hand people talking beside him
the whole time. And we had two people and they kicked him out. Good. You know, they were like, we don't
want your time in here. What were they doing? They were just steady talking. I guess they hadn't seen
the first two. What were they over a hundred? About 90. Yeah. Oh, gee. Close to it. What she do, my ring.
Huh? What's that going on? Man. But I'll tell you, you know, you're talking about that walk about soup.
That was some classic orgasmic. Oh, man, that was some of the best stuff I ever take. Just like to jump
into a gigantic tub of that and just sit back with a big smile on your face and just to keep looking.
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was great. And also we also mean my wife split one of those uh,
thunders from down under. Yeah. Chocolate thunders. It was so rich. I haven't been able to uh,
partake in that for obvious reasons, but it looks tremendous. Yeah, I mean, it was so rich. It made
my teeth hurt. Good. I mean, you know, you know, it's, you know, it's good when it does that. That's
right. Uh, the food too. Yeah, you're on that nutrition system, are you? Yep. Yeah, how's that work?
It's seven pounds in five days, sir. Seven pounds. I'm going to fade away. I'm going to be like, I'm
going to, I'm going to go a little extra. I'm going to get way down there so I can indulge in some of
these other things again. Do you remember not too long ago? They were talking about that uh, they
said it wasn't good for yourself. Well, guess what? You know, that's a, who, who started that? Our
friends over here next door channel seven. I don't know. I don't remember what that was. Yeah,
well, they were the big ones over there next door. And now what's their credibility? I don't know.
Penny Daniels. She's another one. Too many, too many trips to Sally's house.
I hear you have a great day, sir. Yeah. One more thing. Can I say hi to somebody? Sure.
I'd like to say hi to Bill. I mean, should be driving around in his truck. Okay. Hi, Bill. Thanks. Okay. Bye. Bye.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. 12.06. The WI would do. We got a momentous announcement to make about Camilla.
Sounds also a big announcement about Rick Sanchez. It's Rick Chambers.
Whose real name is goo.
G-U-E.
Gui.
Fui, I knew he Rick, Rick Chambers. So Rick Sanchez, we're still trying to find out. I think his name is Schwartz.
Oh, and guess what? There's a little rumour. Oh, I knew I had some big news that I've been holding back.
Sheriff Nick, I have this on very good authority. Was that a social function over the weekend?
And someone I know very well was also there and heard him talking about music and about
two-live crew. And he doesn't like them, but he does like...
They were enslaved in Egypt, massacred in Germany, and made fun of in Miami.
Now, they're here live for one night only. Two-live Jews.
Oi. Oi. Oi.
We were posting up some bagels just as peaceful as you please when in Boxer of Gervals said,
hey, yet we bank receives. They dragged us both away. They slaughtered our best stocks.
Said, hey, were you two Jews ago and there'll be plenty of locks.
Two-live Jews. Catch the tour before they get caught.
Two-live Jews. Tickets available at all deli counters and hotick-famaster locations.
Another concertation camp production.
I found her on the streets. I'll play that a little bit just in honor of Laura who put us over the top.
Now, I heard that not the card I just played, but I heard that the Sheriff Nick is very big
into two-live Jews. So I guess Eric, what's his name? Kumaro.
Eric, what's his name? The Paine and he asks.
George, Eric, from two-live Jews.
Lambert? Lambert. Why do you ask in such a, uh, excuse?
Hey, you know kids, I'm hungry. Let's stop for lunch.
Yeah! Hey, Dad, let's go to the big nose.
All right.
Yeah.
Come to zero and all dear burger joints, bring your family to the nose.
Yes, it's zero-no burger joint. Fast food from a big nose.
Just drives through the right nostril and place your order.
Funcher, can I take your orjair?
At zero-nose, you can get a big hawker with cheese, french fried nose noodles,
and a large punch in the nose.
The offer just 99 cents.
That's Buca Samayers.
Hey, Mom, zero-nose cooks everything in local estral shnazzola.
So follow your nose to the big nose.
Zero-nose.
Zero-no burger joints when you're hungry.
Pick the nose.
Okay, 1216 and WIOD.
I think I'll do that other one a little bit later and we got a real stride.
So we got everything going on.
We also got a remote at Gulfstream Thursday, February 7th.
Saviour pennies and dimes, George, you can make another 20 bucks.
Thursday, February 7th.
We'll do our show from Gulfstream Park.
There's Mr. Football in the other room with this big Buffalo Sucks T-shirt on.
Beautiful.
And he's got it on his underwear too, right on each cheek.
On one cheek it says Buffalo and Sucks on the other cheek.
Anyway, come on in here a second.
I want to get an update on what happened Saturday at JRS.
And don't forget, also we got word that the Super Bowl is on channel 10, not on NBC.
I don't know, I don't think that's right, but that's what our audience said and they're full of crap.
But anyway, how was the crowd Saturday?
One of the things that I was racing as fast as I could when I heard your right neck right.
Heard your plea for money and Tony who volunteered to get us some stakes
and we didn't take advantage of him, said, well, at least I can do is give $50 to Camilla South.
Great.
So I have that 50 army.
So that's $110,058 bucks.
You got it.
Wow.
Yeah, we're doing it.
There were over 1,000 people that showed up for our little,
we had at two levels.
600 on top, 400 on the bottom.
And there wasn't two levels in the building.
Oh, it was great.
And 1,000 people, 600 more on top and 400 more on the bottom.
And a couple of them were just watching.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, it was a great game.
It was all I can say.
That rich came over the house, brought a little submarine sandwich that he indulged in.
It was still a horse.
I mean, it was a wonderful game.
Yeah.
I went nuts when Dupor got that touchdown.
Boy, it was just that was a great run.
And I walked into a gas station Saturday night.
And I had on my Zubas and my dolphin sweater.
And this girl says, you ought to be ashamed to wear that the way they played today.
See, people like that are what's wrong with the whole world.
Okay.
If I was not empty, I would have left.
People like that ought to be stuck with it.
It's not over the bag, that right now.
Millions have converted for fun and profit.
Now, you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripes's.
We'll convert Eddie Goye for just 99.95.
That's right.
Listen to one of our successful graduates.
For Kim, I shall own Malachem, I shall own.
At Earl Stripes's, we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malachem, Haka Doosh, Baruchu.
Translated means, sorry, I must have left my wallet at home.
Millachem, I shall own Malachem, I shall own Malachem.
Translated means, stewardess, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millach, I shall own Malachem, I shall own Malachem.
Translated, yes, Rabbi, the check is in the mail.
Yes, you too can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stripes's.
Act now and get a free Yardside Campbell for just $10.
Earl Stripes's, we'll convert any Goye for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Haka Doosh, Baruchu.
How the hell am I supposed to read backwards for Christ's sake?
Stand under your head, Laura.
At 12.26 at WIOD, we have an open-line at Browr,
where some impatient slob just hung up 5 to 4 WIOD.
We do have a lady, I hope she's still on there.
I pray in Margate.
She's gone.
Okay, we had a lady in Margate, she disappeared.
Oh, what we would give if she would only call back
in her two open lines in Browr right now.
She'd just be so nice to call back 5 to 4 WIOD
because we need the soothing sound of a woman's voice, right?
A lady in Kindle.
Hello.
Oh my God, I can't wear all the ladies today.
I don't know.
Are they all hiding under the bed or something?
What's going on?
They're all exercising.
God.
So how are you?
I'm doing okay.
I saw the Godfather.
It wasn't bad.
I wouldn't say it was like a classic or anything.
You wouldn't?
No, it was okay.
Well, okay is better than El Stinco.
Yeah.
I like good fellows though.
I like good fellows a lot, but not as much.
Really?
Well, it's hard for me to sit that long without getting it.
I mean, when somebody's got that many zits,
it's hard to keep concentrated on the plot, you know what?
But I don't know.
He looked like who's that guy in the football,
the guy from Boston.
Will McDonough on a bed.
I don't know.
It's thing about football.
Well, that's okay.
You're lucky.
You're lucky.
Movies, I'll talk movies about.
I know I think about football.
Okay.
Anyway, I like the Godfather.
It was all right.
And I didn't think a couple of daughter was that bad.
I know you couldn't stand her.
I know.
I know.
She did a little plastic surgery.
Other than that, she looked Italian.
Yeah.
Did she?
Maybe they ought to send her to Iraq and put a paper sack over her head.
She could say it's in the bag, Dad.
What?
Acting, I don't know about the acting ability, but weak.
Week, yeah.
Her acting and her appearance were like what El Martino's voice
in Godfather wanted him to voice his weak.
Week.
Remember that?
Yeah.
I'm trying to rent those movies.
You can't get them anywhere.
You haven't seen them?
Oh, yeah.
Sure has.
But I want to see them again.
Well, everybody and their brother has got.
In fact, Stan Major better bringing back Godfather
to one of these days soon.
Came over and borrowed.
I had a virgin copy.
Never even taken out of the plastic thing.
Plastic or plastic?
Plastic.
And maybe it exploded in his VCR.
Well, it's a sad situation.
So I figured I'd, yeah,
if I can watch the Godfather one and two while the war begins.
Exactly.
The Strat makes sense.
Right.
Be some good escapism for you.
Definitely.
Better than watching Channel 7 News.
I try to avoid that at all costs.
You have excellent taste.
Have a great day.
Thank you, too.
Thanks.
1234, we had a nice lady caller already one.
And it's only a two and a half hours into the show.
Boy, the women are really just laid back, you know what?
Just very recalcitrant.
There's an open line in Dade County.
751.
Broad.
That you're getting gone.
751, the WIOD.
Some of that horrendous sexist crap
that Alex Bennett and the Pendulate used to spew on that show.
Remember that when he was your man?
Talk about a sexist pig.
I need some cheesecake.
I need some cheesecake.
We got your cheesecake right here, Alex.
Put it on your head.
People think some hair grew back.
Markets down 33 and a half points.
And we'll continue probably sliding throughout the day
in the days to come.
I would sure seem that way.
Please, Sue.
Great party, honey.
We like this.
Everyone here is kind to take.
We do.
Hi.
They said you tried to do your derbs.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The clam dip was delicious.
Clam dip.
But we're not serving any clap dip.
Let's go home.
No.
From the twisted nose of George Mucous,
it's attack of the very congested people.
Look out.
It's gonna pull.
Face down a book by Ian Fleming,
directed by Sneez and Spielberg.
Oh, no.
There's something in this.
Sneez.
No.
Ah.
You tell yourself it's only a movie.
But it's not.
Attack of the very congested people.
All right, it does.
It works.
Ooh.
It's a, all my little balls losing its voice there.
1239 and WIO.
Do you all love these things?
Isn't it amazing how I found it in that mong and a cabinet
in the farm and a copy cabinet?
Oh, great.
Here's a mobile in moral gables.
Hey, bro.
This is Bo going to Buffalo.
Hey, Bo, how you feeling?
Got that little hip pointer, huh?
Yeah, it hurts a little, Neil,
but I'm gonna go there and run what
mind me couldn't do.
I'm gonna run right up there.
You know what?
Yeah, I bet.
And I'm gonna wait a Buffalo to get a Super Bowl ring.
Okay.
Talk to you later, Neil.
See ya, bro.
All right.
1240 at WIO.
The Bo is a little pain there.
And of course, OJ.
OJ and Bo walking off the field together.
Wasn't that something?
Wow.
Give me a break.
We have an open line in the Star Line,
Star IOD.
Let's go to Pompano.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Listen to talk about a lighter side.
The cops, they got a couple of good players
in me and my partner were talking.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you remembered.
They got Danny Jackson as another picture.
George Bell?
They got George Bell,
but didn't they get another picture?
We got, um,
I thought they'd read on they.
We got Danny Jackson.
We got the George Bell.
And we got one other, uh, we got, um, what's his name?
Yeah, what?
Who's the other guy we got?
What's that other picture they got?
Who's the other guy we got?
We got Danny Jackson, George Bell.
We got three guys.
And there was another picture and we couldn't remember
who it was either.
Um, Sandy Kofax.
Yeah, right.
He's still alive?
Is Sandy still alive?
Are you nuts?
Of course.
There's a drive going back.
It might be headed.
Cops were.
Cops were.
Cops were.
I can't, I can't think of it.
Isn't that something?
My mind is like a blank.
Yeah, because we were,
well, no, we had like three major signings.
I've got first Danny Jackson and George Bell from Toronto.
And then we, uh, oh, uh, from Houston,
we got the Dave Smith relief pitcher.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
That's right.
It was a relief pitcher.
Yeah, the outstanding relief, uh,
fireman from Houston, who's about a hundred years old.
They're going to be great this year.
I think so.
With Dawson and Bell in the outfield.
And Desenzo in between him like a Salami sandwich?
Well, they were thinking about getting rid of Jerome, aren't they?
Well, please, well, it's not too late yet.
Not too late yet.
Put them in the desert.
Well, they're going to be number one this year.
Amen.
Thanks a lot.
See you.
Yeah, it's going to be a hell of a year, right?
Holy cow.
You bet.
It's a 1242 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
What's the day today?
The 14th of January.
Spring, it's like about five weeks away.
When spring baseball camps open,
isn't that what everybody's concerned about?
Isn't that what we're counting down to?
You bet.
Hi, Alia.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You know, I love the Godfather movies, but I didn't like this one.
It's good as I like the other ones.
Well, that's the way it goes.
No, it was all right.
It wasn't the worst movie in the world.
Yeah.
But, you know, I just thought it was just like incomplete
few of the scenes that they showed in the commercial.
You didn't see in the movie.
Right, that's true.
That's true.
In fact, the whole commercial, uh,
more than the hell were those scenes.
Yeah, so, you know, then, uh,
I thought it would just go on a little longer.
Yeah, another 45 minutes.
It would have been great.
A little bit rushed.
Yeah, that made it.
Some of his, uh, wait around and kill a few people and stuff like that.
Now, let Connie throw her wait around.
Yeah, that's true.
She was the one boy and he was like,
small, but he's still learning.
But Connie is the seasoned,
murderous now.
She's tremendous.
You know, a couple of daughter,
see how enough lips there were.
I think John Holmes could have got lost in that.
Unbelievable.
She's, she's, I'm glad she's dead.
At least, you know, she can't come back.
Unless they bring her back like, you know,
what he's trying to remember.
Like, Riva on a guiding light.
You bet.
All right, in closing, I have something for you, right?
Yep.
Okay.
Take that off.
It's off.
It's off.
Just relax.
Don't get pushy.
Here we go.
I am the answer,
all right.
The parade is done.
All right.
Take care, Neil.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
We're still planning.
We should be.
It was a great season.
And all you negative people
who want to seize upon the fact we got beat the other day
and our defense stuck to join out.
Hey, up yours.
Okay.
But your front running douchebags.
We don't need you people.
We need to real fast.
Yeah.
Come see, stand, come see,
high on feet.
All right.
I'm Bob Villa.
And I hope you join me this weekend
for another edition of this old star,
the show where we remodeled Hollywood
has bins into hot new properties.
Last week, we converted sunny Bono
from Shares X Husband into the Mayor of Palm Springs.
Share.
Cool.
I've got some doing.
I'll tell you.
This weekend, we'll continue our Donnie Osman project.
As I bring in a demolition crew
and have Donnie's entire family torn out.
So, see you this weekend on this old star.
Right here on PBS, your public banking station.
It's...
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Couldn't have said a better myself.
Bob Villa.
Say it right.
Villa.
I hate the way he says that.
Making a ton of money with Sears now,
but the man is just Villa.
Why do you say that, Bob?
I think he's built too many toilets myself.
That's a problem.
Anyway, let's go to Miami.
Shall we?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sounds pretty lively for a Monday.
Yeah, not too bad.
Before I forget, the main reason I called
was to find out what's available on the Camilla's house material
and how to send in a contribution.
What's available?
Yeah, the T-shirts, the tapes.
Yeah, well, the best in the Eel tape is a 20 bucks or more.
And the T-shirts are like...
Well, it was 200 bucks by mail.
Uh-huh.
That's the T-shirt of a...
And the tape, yeah.
T-shirt and the tape.
200 for the T-shirt and the tape.
Right.
Okay.
And the reason the dolphins passed defense looked so porous the other day was that
they were blitzing too much and that left old Lewis out there by himself.
Blitzing.
I got news for it.
They were blitzing, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
They sure weren't accomplishing anything.
They should have been blitzing.
Blitzing, yeah.
Should have eaten blinces and the...
What you call it?
Canolees.
Yeah.
Okay, sir.
Big time, Neil, and I enjoy the show.
Thank you.
Let's take a pig report on the Star Line.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
What's going on?
Hello.
We're here.
We're here.
Oh, okay.
When you start with what's going on, you always get that smiley response.
I listen to the true fingers fans like everybody else.
I hate these people who say they were lucky when they beat Kansas City.
I remember them saying people are the ones who said something about the
perfect season.
Hey, pain no attention to those people.
Okay, those people are like sewage.
They're like sludge.
We should just put them down in the sewers and flush them away with the rats.
That's true.
I want to ask you one thing.
I just started listening to you and I hear you're a bag of span.
You've got to like go out the bag of span.
You bet.
A real place with living and breathing people and a lot of fun and excitement.
That's that's what's at.
Okay, so I went out there six months ago.
Stayed to Mirage was a really nice place.
Yep.
What I wanted to know is maybe I'm wrong, but does everybody seem to have a spiore?
Stick out there.
Everybody's like looking for tips.
They have their hand down and everything.
No, I didn't see any of that.
That's the opinion I got.
I stayed to Mirage and the guy in front of me.
It gave the room clerk or the guy taking room reservations.
Ten bucks.
Yeah.
And then the guy we went to this stupid, you know, like me to see the Hoover Dam.
Yeah.
And the guy that was doing a commentary on the bus, he was saying that everybody
works on tips so people were giving him tips, you know.
Well, see that's what I got to say.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
First of all, you did it all wrong.
If you're going to go as a tourist and be sucked in all those tours and be a
schlepper, that's what's going to happen.
Okay.
If you just go like a real person and you pay no attention to that and you go
around and see your rent a car and do your own stuff, then you do it the right way.
Yeah, I guess that's right.
I don't, I don't encounter any of that in Vegas.
Yeah, this is our first time.
So we didn't know, you know, what was going on.
Well, you're learning the ropes, you're learning the ropes.
All right, thanks, Rodney.
Okay.
Bye.
No, I don't listen to the one to two hour.
Wouldn't be prudent at this time.
You grew up with them both.
Addao Antler Records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We have you gone for his bed enough.
Natasha, you're his lonely without you.
Yes, Bullwinkle.
Recorded live in Central Park and Frost White Falls, the music of Paul Simon,
the lyrics of Mr. No It All.
I'm singing on this radio station, but I'm nothing more than animation.
You know, to the bench, you know.
Me.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
I am a Moose.
I am a Man.
Moose.
It is Paul, but it's not art.
And rock steals the fame.
Cause Moose is never fly.
Unfortunately, Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
Now, then, well, that Mr. Peebodies, records and tapes.
Ladies and gentlemen, Richard Slamman.
Hey, Pete, oh, if you love Sweatwood the Hits,
then you'll love my newest workout video Sweatwood the Dam.
Let's welcome the fake bully.
Hi there.
Okay.
Let's get busy.
Nobody in the world is threatened like Saddam Hussein.
And now, you can sweat with him.
Go ahead.
Get rid of those bags, Dad.
Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines,
30 Rotten Yaki Doss have come to intervene.
We're back at 16.
A-Wax and Stealth.
Could pose its theory as threat to your health.
So if your middle is going east, west and south,
sweat it out with a fully of bagdad.
It's the perfect workout when you've bitten off more than you can do.
Sweatwood with Saddam.
I feel the burn.
I feel the new times Ben Greenman rips awakenings.
He's got a review in here today that would make hair grow
on the bottom of your feet.
I'm telling you, rise and wine, even a fine effort from Deniro.
Can't rouse awakenings.
He rips the crap out of Robin Williams.
And I won't take the time to read the whole thing
because that would be a terminal.
But the last paragraph says, for those of you who are waiting
to waste your three bucks or five and a half,
whatever it is to go see it.
In the final disappointing analysis,
awakenings is irresponsibly ignorant of the groundwork laid
by previous hospital dramas.
Watching this film is like sitting through one floor
over the Kuku's nest on videotape in slow motion,
where the small screen and the snail's pace
castrate all that was dangerous in Randall Patrick McMurphy
and drain all that was interesting in human frailty.
Despite the buoyant epiphany of Deniro's acting,
this is a clumsy, big-hearted dog,
a shameless tear-jerker,
and for those very reasons and almost certain Academy Award nominee.
But did you like it, Ben?
Boy, rips the crap out of it.
Stephen Zalian's flabby script with its unexciting pacing leaves
Deniro riffing into empty air,
rolling is arsenal to the front lines of a war that does not exist.
Just ripping in a gigantic, huge, but mobile and fort Lauderdale.
Bill?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm on my way to Golstein.
There'll be two more people here today.
Great!
Punture brains out, sir.
The horses are hungry.
Yeah, I know that, but I think they're going to feed me today.
Anyway, good luck.
The last thing you were just talking about this awakening,
I didn't see it,
but I got to tell you that I imagine this reviewer is right
because I got very concerned when I read Candace Russell's reviewer
which he said it was the greatest thing in the world.
Oh, boy.
And I think she's brain dead.
I would lock the doors and stay inside it.
Yep.
But now about the reason I call.
Okay.
I don't think that all of the dolphin fans here, one of which I am not,
should be whining about the fact Buffalo actually won the game.
Well, who's, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, who's whining?
Well, that's what I'm hearing.
Okay, I'm hearing about you want Buffalo to get green, etc, etc.
And they'll, wait a minute, wait a second.
Okay.
Are you taking control now?
No, I'm having a conversation because you're putting words in my mouth.
Well, I wasn't finished talking.
Oh, in other words, I have to wait till your finish.
Is that how conversation works?
Yeah, really?
No, generally conversation is like interplay.
You don't know how to fall.
I'll listen to it.
And I would have listened, but you're trying to put words in my mouth.
Not at all.
What I said was that the better team won the game.
Okay, we played a great game offensively.
The defense didn't show up.
It was an exciting game.
The better team won.
Regardless of the outcome, I don't like Buffalo.
I don't like their fans.
I don't like the team.
I don't like Kelly.
So I hope that they get their brains picked up by Oakland or
Serbia, LA, rather, or by San Francisco.
That's the way I feel about it.
Is that okay?
That's not sour grapes for the fact we lost.
No, no, I wasn't necessarily saying you.
I was saying a lot of the people I was calling in.
But more importantly, Neil, you're very fortunate to know.
Wait a minute.
No, the next Monday, Jay, okay?
Pardon me?
Go ahead, sir.
I was talking to my car wash guy.
Every 20 years, I make a football prediction.
Yeah.
The last one was when the judge
Well, I'm sure that the entire audience is sitting right on the
edge of the yard.
I want you to remember where you heard it for.
Right.
Here we go.
What's it going to be?
In all New York Super Bowl, Buffalo and the New York
Giants, the Giants turned to take care of San Francisco.
Yeah.
Buffalo will wipe the rate as clock.
Okay.
It's going to be a great Super Bowl.
No, okay.
So step to the plate.
All California Super Bowl 49ers and Araters.
Here we go.
Okay.
That's the East Coast and the West Coast, pal.
What's that?
I said, these coast versus the West Coast.
Okay.
Well, just be very careful one way to ring in that direction.
Okay.
Good luck.
Right now about the wall.
Yeah.
Okay.
You think it's going to happen?
Yes.
I think so also.
Okay.
Let's try sunrise on a deadline.
Yeah.
That was a JR's on Saturday at the stadium
club.
At the thing, yeah.
And Rick and Sut's with the Agatha question about Sut's.
Yeah.
He stands there like rainman.
See if it talks.
Really?
He just, I mean, Rick is great.
You know, he whoops the crowd up and such.
Just stands there.
Well, first of all, you got to understand.
Sut has no interest whatsoever in football.
Any show to you.
He's got no personality.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I don't understand why they schlep him around
and force him to be there.
I see.
I don't go for that kind of stuff.
Let the guy sit home and watch a movie or something.
Yeah, exactly.
While watch C-SPAN or something, he's interested.
He has no interest in it.
Of course, he's part of the show.
So we have to be there.
I mean, don't...
We got the crowd going and it was nice.
Well, let me also tell you this.
Just for your information,
Rick Riley also has no interest in football.
None.
Zero.
Was it an act?
Yeah.
Oh.
He's just a better actor.
All right.
Gilbert was a...
He was great.
Well, all kid, well, if you like Gilbert,
well, more could you...
Well, he didn't know.
Yeah.
And that says it all right there.
The Dawson's in ABC.
He thought the game was on Channel 10.
Oh, man.
Then somebody told him and he put the NBC over it.
Well, that's our secret weapon.
He is really used to a barred Gilbert,
by the way, for the coming couple of days.
I mean, what they're going to do with him.
Maybe they'll keep him over here.
Exactly.
Put him in a cup of oats.
There you go.
Yeah, it was also a track on Saturday night.
And you would be eyeing me online.
And you picked that one horse in a six race?
Yeah.
And it was a good call.
You mean the one I had 20 and 20 on Peter Ren?
Winning for like a champion?
You bet.
Eight bucks to win, five, 20 to show.
Eight, the 20 to win.
Eight, 60 to win.
Oh, 20 to win.
And that one.
20 to place.
That was a good call.
You bet.
Hey, listen, I sat there, sir.
Tonight I had...
I loved.
I marked two horses when I went in.
Mm-hmm.
One of them was Ralph Cramden with David Ingram Ham for the rail.
Yeah, that's Kevin Horst.
I sat there.
Listen to me.
I sat there.
I did not play the race.
He was seven to one.
Wins like a champion.
I mean, on the last turn, he opened a five
roasted home, paid 1180.
And the other one was at Pavia Horst about two, three races later.
The three horse, I can't think of the name.
Right.
And one like a champion, I had him with the wrong horses
and the perfect.
And Kevin Wallace with the Jean Lafitte, the douchebag,
whatever was, got second, the...
Got it in on a rail air and got second.
Mm-hmm.
So beat me out of the perfect.
Did you play the Ralph Cramden now?
No, I sat there and watched it and I wanted to blow my brains out.
Uh, well, he saved money in a long run.
I picked a lot of good ones, sir.
I bad money managed.
But I still went home a winner.
Thanks to Peter Ren Peter Ren and Kevin Wallace God bless America for them
Okay, they got a great season. Yes, they did what the hell you know about football and how come?
Jesus well when you stop I'm so tired of these people who try to suck around on the air because they think it
Engrageds themselves with the audience. You know you don't like football you don't care about sports you and your bird brain
Friend from Lakeland and you entitled to that your title. I mean there's a bunch of losers
They don't care what all about sports did you hear about sunny and I've lost seven pounds and five days
Which I notice you haven't said a word about and I can already feel it and look at it. I can even see it
How do you like that? I don't see your belt. Do you hear about sunny? Why?
You're about some I don't have a belt sunny fox is old news. He's coming to magic
They're gonna tell you if they don't give me a new mic cord in here
I'm gonna I mean it's bad enough. We don't have the triple cart deck up here that we need so desperately so when we don't have to play
carts from off on the floor here
Don't you think it's time we got some stuff in here that works. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Well then do it
Don't talk about it. I'm sorry. What happened to jerk before work
Gone history. Yeah. Why do you think he was a great broadcaster? He's a good. He's a crap good voice
Terrible. No no personality kind of like some other people in
On the coast maybe jerk before work. It'd be on the coast. There you go
I got to be honest with you Ron St. John does such a good job on the no listen to me at J. R. S in the dolphin games
But on the air he's well
He what where does that come from? It's like somebody's got lit a bunch of fireflies under his butter something when he's on the air
Yes, at the stadium. He does a very nice job. Maybe he doesn't use headphones at the stadium
Well, I don't know what it is, but boy. He is really grow magic. What oh two boys seven. Yeah, here's all a hitch all the time
Oh, yeah
God spastic. Now, how do you think Pudela is feeling about sunny going back face-on?
Yeah, get out the razor blades. Leave the gun bring the gun only
Greg baby, I mean he's down to a one nine. What's gonna happen now?
Dallas Dallas is in the future for
BDL what the TV show or the market the market
I think I think the only market he can get into that was public cinema
