Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to congratulate you. I was glad to see you're finally understanding the market here
And you're not acting quite so much like through mentor
What the hell are you talking about what your ratings were up, right?
My ratings my ratings are almost always great sir
What are you trying to talk about my mentor? Who's my mentor?
Alan Burke oh my mentor. Yeah, yeah, right. What the hell are you talking about? Do you have any idea with this phony voice?
What are you talking about? I'm just talking about that
You got like marbles chitlins in your mouth or what? No, no, I'm not the most nice. Uh-huh
Okay, okay, what the hell is he talking about 1053 at W.I.O.D. my mentor?
We have an overlighted pond beat 655 W.I.O.D
Here's a pig report that I'm sure can't be there anymore
Yeah, the feeding friends young I say when you fire it might be going drive
Point their little things at you when you come over the hill. Yeah, what are they eating?
Don't answer the question. Hey, yeah about them cups, buddy. Yeah, how about them?
Hey today is this is D day this weekend sir. It's the turning point
Over 500 or under and down the yonder the hill we go
I'm pretty slacked up for today about what?
We had a bunch of boys going down to the keys about two o'clock for the whole weekend. Great. We rented a room
One bed we got about 13 guys. Yeah, well, you ought to have a good time. Yeah, we should. What do you like to you like pivot man?
No, I bring up the rear okay good. Well, I hope you have a big weekend
1054 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date 7519463. Hope you don't have any Cuban girlfriend 655946
I think that's a terrible thing you said George. That's it. What I want to talk about an ethnic slur
Cuban women all have big butts. What a what a grotesque host most Cuban women. Yeah, right. How about Cuban guys?
I don't think so
Uh, we'll talk about that next hour anyway. We I started to say we had an opening and dating one in Palm Beach
I think I already said that let's take a call from beautiful coconut creek
Okay, he's on all the lines now curl springs. Hello. No, Neil good morning, sir
Listen, no plays Friday. No smooth and no sucking up. I'd like to hear the dirty hairy carry tape
Okay, well, we'll give you a direct answer no chance
Two open lines inbroward 524 W.I.O.D. Let's take a mobile in
Halendale
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank God that there's only one more week of the not-slanding lady
What's your problem with the not-slanding lady, sir?
But at least you do have the balls to call us and tell it on the air
I will give you that credit so far. I mean, I think more your listeners would rather hear Gilbert and he's terminal
No, sir
If you want to take a poll on that, it's not even close most of our people would rather be dead than hear Gilbert again
Some of them already got a beat to the punch
The not-slanding lady all of sudden is a cubs fan now
What so what are you trying to say she can handle it? She's big enough to handle it believe me. What do you want to say?
I just want to say that I'll be very happy when she's off next week
But tell us why don't just say that what is your problem with her because most of your listeners
I think don't watch the show and don't follow it. Well, that's their problem. I don't give it to them
Most of my listeners aren't cubs fans either. Does that mean I'm going to not talk about it now
But most of your listeners know what they're talking about when it comes to baseball
That's what you think
Go filly's mishloins is number one. Okay. See that proves it
Good luck to you sir. Now. I know where you're coming from thank you sour grapes
1056 at W.I.O.D. John Cruck is God boy. What a big fat slob he is but always kills the cubs just kills us
Chris everybody kills us
Guys, it hit like 100 against the league hit 700 against the cubs
Darren Dalton who can't get arrested killed the cubs. Here's a mobile in Miami
Come on come on turn that radio down. Let's get with it. Let's go
Let's get one of the stick
Are you going to speak to us or not? No, they're not going to speak. We're just playing with their knob
Open line and date 751 W.I.O.D. Here's the lady in Miami
I have to tell you I love guiding light. I've watched it. I don't want to thank God for this call
Now let's really get that last guy upset because I'm sure he don't watch that either
Okay, but listen what are you calling Mindy the town slide for? Oh, she's a spoiled rich girl. Not not the town slide
She's a sleaze bag
She's like no, she's not she's she was a couple of years ago now. She's all burnt out looking
She looks worn out. Well, she's like a shop worn slud
Well, I think she's cute. I think it's a great story. Well, I'm not saying she's not cute relative
I mean she's cuter than Alex. There's no question about that even cuter than Alex bedded
But no, it's getting good now the thing with the earring under the bed. Oh excellent
The best the best and this kid a heart talk about a temper. Yeah
Boy, he's just ready to go off the deep end any second fact
He filled his depends three times yesterday when he heard that the farm wasn't is anymore
Somebody bought the farm
That's gonna be a good one. Yeah, this whole thing with Samantha though is stupid. I hate her
I she makes oh she is so
Mousy and weasley just oh, I mean so now she had the operation. She got her legs back walking and she still walks around like oh
Everybody should feel sorry for me. I got news for if Dylan would even look at her
She ought to get on the ground and gravel and kiss his toes. Am I right? That's true. You bet
But how about Blake? Which is he's also a wimp though, too, you know
Hey, no pop up legs though. Oh, I hate her
Oh, isn't she great to hate yeah, she you can tell she's Roger's daughter
Oh, absolutely. What the hell happened to what's your name all of a sudden is also become kind of a carousel
What's your name? What's her name? Roger's ex-wife
Oh, my mom's Holly. Holly what's with her all of a sudden? Oh, I think it's great. That's good. She needs that
I put you up her image a little bit
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, she and Ross were kind of a boring pair. She's good with this a wimpie doctor. She got
Yeah, I didn't think he had it in him, you know, I didn't think so either. Well, I guess he did
But they killed off or they rode out my favorite character Josh no India
But India from here they killed her off. Well, they got rid of her
She came into town cause and trouble and then breathe that she was kind of she'll be back
I hope that she's the best
She was back maybe she can come back and be Roger Thorpen her next life
Well, she was a good match for Roger. Yeah good pair
Well, listen today is going to be the episode of your lifetime trust me. Yeah, no one waiting for it
Okay, take a couple of volume. I will see you. Bye
Well, that's gonna do it and again if that board the Orioles fan too bad
Okay, cuz we like guiding light and knots landing
And by the way, I cut about like three minutes of Bart Simpson Thursday night again. That is the most pathetic
Stupid show. It's okay for like four-year-old kids
And I noticed nobody else is talking about it. You notice how the bloom is off the
Pansy now on that thing what a piece of crap. That's just still
Fun for the feeble mind. Anyway, speaking of feeble mind and Henry Barrow has the 11 o'clock news
We'll come back at 11 o'clock
Two to six this afternoon
Open the phone with old Rick and pro what is name sports top would you manage tonight fresh out of the
Shower no hand goldberg you M and FSU baseball 650 tonight
And she's mad
Barbara Bush she and her potlier tracking down the world's biggest bad guy
So bad we gonna do to that get over the side wonder once we catch him well
First I figure out teach that main jevamen to read and then I'll spring him off
She's judge and juric in her own kangaroo court. It's hangham hun starring Barbara Bush and Clint Eastwood
That looks like he's high tailing it towards the east
Slim yeah you and Gabby ride on the head and cut him off a literacy pass
So sane can run but he can't huh. He's got a date with a tall camel and a short roll
Ha ha ha
Hang on the high high-hole
Okay, it's 11 o' 7 at w. I. O. D our number two. It's a tremendous Friday. We got to Derby tomorrow
We got Dave Johnson any minute any second sometime hopefully
Probably shine by the way. I have speaking of things that nobody cares about that turns off the audience
I have went through great effort to take to put on card a couple of the great races both from 78 of course the 78 Derby
And the 78 Belmont which you get the Derby of course with Dave Johnson and the Belmont which the late chick Anderson
The 78 Belmont was the greatest race in the history of any kind of racing and if anybody disagrees you're full of crap how's that
For laying it right on the line with the firm then aledar. Oh man that last
mile
Where they just raced
Head and head nose to nose in that long stretch run at Belmont
Where aledar stuck a nose in the front was the first time he had passed him and I don't know how long in any race just a nose
And volasquez inched over and cut off the room for steamy caught on the whip right hand
And caught and went to the left hand and they came neck and neck nose to nose right down to the wire
And a firm came back on the inside and won it
God
Anybody who even thinks they like horse racing has to give goose bumps
I'm there off. Yeah, well, we'll get to it later
Uh fort lotterdale. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. What's up? What can we do for you sir?
Pardon me? I say you're off that speaker phone now or whatever you were on. Yeah, I was working good
So how you doing? I'm doing okay. How you doing? All right. Just enjoying the show. Uh-huh. I'm calling well
That's pretty exciting. Yeah, who's gonna win a race tomorrow? Don't you care? I don't care
Well, that's good good. I like that. No beating around the bush
No pretending to be an expert when you know nothing about it right like me. I know nothing
Yep, well just let you know we're really enjoying the show. Thank you sir. Have a great life
You too. Take care. Okay. That was good. It's the first time caller
He didn't pretend he had something to talk about didn't try to be a smart ass. That was good. Don't do it again though
We have an open line at Broward five two four W.I.O.D. and Palm Beach where they're all busy
Handicrapping or at least part of that six five five nine four six three six five five we don't care who wins. Here's a pig report
He said
Are they gone on a mobile?
Father's a little pig for you anyway just because they're gone star lines open star i.o.D
Pembroke pines
Deal. Yes, sir. Did Chuck say that guy could have quit it huh? No, Chuck didn't say anything was probably old Henry Barrow said
I don't know like well. I'm glad to see that at least
That's what I called about. Let me let me ask you a question
If they started televising executions when you watch it
And would you videotape it for like replaying it parties later on?
I think I would yeah, yeah, I don't know. I think you get a 96 here. I think there's no question about it
I think you would show a little more
But anyway
Yeah, outcome. There's no national league games last night. That was so weird very unusual very bizarre
But we sure needed the night off now that we only got like two pictures left. We need every day off we can get that was weird
And where's the all-star game at this year? I don't have any idea
We had a last year. I don't know who gets lucky this year. I don't know. All right, and in this
You know, everybody has his
His doors oh and don't care anymore
There's a big rally going on for a parade or something happened May 18th. Welcome back. Pray to something
Yeah, my company's gonna be a major sponsor. I won't say the name. Yeah, so they announced at the meeting today
You know, it'll not like well show your support and all this stuff
They turn to this big sales mean it will get there to be a lot of veterans you can sell this to oh, man
Just total what a smarmy but your crap
I'm sitting there. I'm ready to jump up and say something like, you know
Why are you turning this to you know unbelievable? That is one of the most disgusting things
I would have stood up right in the middle of meeting and shouted at the top of my lungs
Yeah, and it did the same thing. I mean when the doors started down after I didn't work
I mean, I don't sell but I don't have to I mean I took off the whole day's glued to TV. I get this call, you know
Why aren't you at work? Why aren't you doing this? What does the work going on? I mean
They can wait another day to be sold
It's just unbelievable how well
I hate to say this and there are people be upset by my saying it and I know they did have 300,000 people for the shorts
Caught parade in Louisville. They're there but at this time of the year you can have 300,000 for a cockroach parade in Louisville
I mean there's 80 billion people up there
But all of that
And you know, I know there are a lot of people who legitimately felt that way and are very appreciative of all the troops and are glad that most of them are coming home safe and sound all that but
I think that a big percentage of that was just another ego trip and the Americans beating themselves on the chest and saying we won and were great just now that it's over just
You know back to the usual pathetic little lives. That wasn't a big flagraver when it started
I mean, I was kind of in a moment world here. I didn't know yellow ribbons everywhere go crazy
But I think I was probably more supportive my own way than
So-called flagraver
Anyway, that also's over
Yeah, sir long live the Ewing family on a not-slanding okay
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD we have what open line and date one in the brown
7519463 and date five two four WIOD and brown if you care and if you don't uh up yours
Do you know WIOD? I was just thinking you know now that George has told us that the Cuban guys like big but so much now
We know why man is so popular
We have an open line and date county 7519463 751 WIOD
Miami
Neil yes, sir. Hey, have you seen
Madonna on the not-landing lady together? Sir
Come on
Have you ever seen the not-slanding lady?
No, I don't want to hear it, man. Why not?
Uh, what do you have against her? What would you like to have against her?
Hmm, well, we'll talk about that later. Yeah, I bet you would
So what's that story about the Cuban women with big butters? Are there any truth? Well, yeah, I'm not Cuban. I'm Nicarawan
Wow, you know, I was saying that anyway. It's a neighborhood. Yeah. Well, that's true, you know
It is yeah, and what is this about Latin guys? Oh, you know, have a wife to raise their children have like a girlfriend or a boyfriend on the outside?
Is that also true? Yeah, yeah more or less. All right, Neil. Have a great life. All right, you two. Okay
Well, we sure got some interesting answers and he ran like a maniac. It's 1116 at WIOD probably had a date with his boyfriend
Of 751 9463 and I want to play this thing, and I don't know whether I it's you know a couple of minutes
Will you get upset if we play this race call?
Hello, hello, yes, sir. Oh, hi. How you doing? Okay. Um, I know you're not particularly a med fan
No, that's the understatement. Yeah, okay. Well, I am and
Three errors on one play the other night for the exciting hojo hojo is doing it
But I want to find out if there's any truth to the route trade rumor last night
I heard some more on it. I think it was on the
Channel four news. He said something about Jeffries and uh and
Magnen
For bonilla
No, they traded they traded Jeffries and Dwight good into the cubs for Jerry Varsho
Yeah, you're wet
What it is true? Oh
What are you doing Andy? Andy is in here. He's in the twilight of a mediocre season
He knows you guys are fundamentally unsound and other than a couple of good pictures. You're a crap team. I feel for you
No, but seriously is it true? Is it no? It's not true? Andy said no, and he's the number one med fan in the USA
That guy that newscaster the sportscaster is a real penhead. I can't believe he said that. Who wasn't sigreto
I don't know. I told you he's always just laughing and joking
The black news black the black whole lot of people to be honest with the newscaster on
In fact, Andy said he lives and dies with the meds. That's why I'm dying over here. He's been saying it a lot lately
Oh
Well, all right. Can I call my boss a douchebag? Will you guys play in this weekend? Oh, I
I'm working San Francisco. Oh, man. Where's the where's it in San Francisco? Oh in New York
Wait till you guys go on the road somebody told me the day the events have about like an 800 game road trip coming up very
And boy you think you're dying over here now just wait. You know what a good road team you got
Yeah, right just like the cubs. We're a three and eight on the road so far. We're doing it
Well, Palachi the cubs. Oh, yeah, we need it. All right John and Dave they're both douchebags. Have a good day
Good luck to you sir
1118 at W.I.O.D. one open line and date seven five one and uh Palm Beach six five nine four six three
six five five
W.I.O.D. is he stalls around just in the rare case that it could be our good friend and buddy
And one of the great superstars see when you want to have your carts in the right place. You don't have them
Boy, am I timing in life is always been in the wrong place in the wrong time right Dave timing exactly that's everything
I know so how you doing Dave? Oh, pretty good today the sun's out, but uh, I don't know
People are talking about a muddy track for tomorrow, which doesn't excite me
Well, you sound pretty excited there
You know that I carded up I got so excited because it's Derby day tomorrow
And I knew you were going to call us today and not shine us. I carded up a couple of races here
Oh, to me are well the 78 Derby, which was a good race not a great one, but you called him the court
There goes Raymond Erl and a firm just right there and challenging the clean horses
Yeah, remember Raymond Erl and Bobby Beard was a hundred years old
You know, that was my the first Derby I ever called I got them all
And then I also have
That's the firm going out for the leads and judge at who could allocate ours the way well on the inside
The late chic Anderson with the Belmont
I was sandy for that's the greatest race in the history of mankind
It might be and just because the the the series was built on a rivalry of affirmed in Ali dar and who knows we could have another
Terrific rivalry this year. There are some good horses in this uh Kentucky Derby
One thing now you know why Dave Johnson made so much money he could pedal
Hala va to Arabian so camminist man if you're going to try to tell me we've got a great
Well, you could be a good developer would have to start tomorrow because it hasn't happened yet
Now back to dog jeopardy and your host Alex Drew bar
We move on now to double jeopardy Sparky you are the lowscore at the end of the last round choose a category please
What a culture for 200 the tough exterior covering of the common birch tree
No, I'm sorry. We cannot give that to you. It must be in the form of a question. What is bark sparky? You still have control of the board
Taboo's for 600 and the answer is the new sofa and the poodle next door
All right, correct. What are two things you're not allowed on
personal hygiene for 200 the answer is because they can
Scruffy no bond bond
Correct the answer is because they can the question why do dogs lick their
Oh, and that means we're out of time we'll return with final dog jeopardy where a category will be scratch and sniff right after this
Okay, 113 at w. I. O. D. Let's go to Miami. Hello
Hail O. Late to you, baby. Yes, sir. Listen. Why do you keep putting that stupid woman on from not landing
Open line in date county 7519 463 plantation. Hello
Clicking line. Okay, over to West Palm Beach. Oh, hi Neil. How you doing back? I didn't like to not slain lady
I'll piss, ma'am. Don't tell him drop dead. That's why I was
Well, all dance on his grave. Okay, huh? We'll bring rotten kill boss and stick it in his thing
That's it. Hey, what happened? I'm not slain. Is the lady report yet?
Of course she always calls in real early we get to know she I mean there was like three hours ago and this guy is now calling in three hours
Where'd you go to get rid of that? Do that making gutter will sound. Oh, he's just a jerk. Yeah, so what happened?
What do you mean what happened? I'm not gonna go through it all again. Oh come on Neil
I missed it. What happened with what? Listen, I'm not slaming you have to tell me that your voice keeps getting like an octave higher each second
Pretty soon you're gonna sound like the helium lady the helium lady. Uh-huh
I'm a converted melee fan. Great. Yeah, I used to ride around with this guy that I work with and he would force me to listen to it
I was like in his well anyway the new architect guy came in to go with all the money and
Was fucking up to page and then at the end of the show
We see him in the sack with not page Linda
Who's doing it with everybody interesting and
Gary is trying to make up to what's her name with the broken arm and getting her a horse and all this other stuff and
Claudia says that they're horse and around because she wants her back working for the senator with all the money
And Anne is trying to a swindle the black male gets the money and finally Claudia brings the senator and
Stephen in and tells them both that she's really stevens mother and who was the father and
Anne is out so well again. I guess it's gonna hit the man. And then Anne's old Anne's boyfriend steals this goes through this elaborate scheme to steal this expensive cross from this
collection that Sumner's got and then she wakes up in the morning with a note and a rose and he's gone across
Wasn't worth enough and he's got to pay off his debts and he's left. She's left there without a cheeseburger. She got nothing
Did you watch it last night? Of course of course
Hey, let's have Peterson
Pat Peterson had Linda pay off for the condo and she screwed him out of 50 grand and he told her to get lost and the happiest thing is
I'll never see her again and slammed the door in an act of defiant butchness like we've never seen from him before
And Frank's getting all upset because the daughter is messing around a little how to kiss from Jason and the dark
And Frank is getting really psychotic about that. That's about what is and Frank and Mack Matt are on the outs
On the out hostile with each other. Yes, uh-oh
Trouble in paradise. What other than that?
Well, good. Hey, I understand you got a problem with Palm Beach Collar. You snap ahead. Yeah. Yeah. That's right
Well, I'm a Palm Beach Collar. You got a problem. Not yet. Not yet. But we're working close to all
Well, listen, don't forget next week is the big to our finale now 9 to 11 p.m
Well, I'll call
No, not landing not this show. Not landing. Oh, not landing. You were having a big two hour special. I wish season finale next Thursday night
Okay, would be there or be Hollywood square sounds good. Okay. Thanks Neil. See you
116 at W.I. Old D and we have an open line on the Palm Beach line. She was kind of she was nice a little squealy
But very nice. I bet you might as that is named Mike the kid there with the overactive hormones
Just tell him to take a chill. Well, yeah, my god. He comes in here. He's just all over that TV to look at that
Standing in here feeling the change god. It was pretty interesting
117 at W.I. Old D. Let's go to a West Palm call on six never happened. Hello
That's what you have to do to get in Neil
That's what you call local law that's what you call loyal listener. Yeah, you called collect we hope no, I didn't really you paid for this
Oh, yeah, that's what you're nuts. I know the consciousness got so much money
Who is this
Sounds very familiar. Sounds familiar. Does somebody I know? No, boy, it's sound very familiar like one of those chronic colors
But I'm sure you're not well
I know chronic I am and you were talking about the Derby. Yeah
Wait a minute. Do we ever get the name of that movie yet? By the way, the brand-in-a-wild movie. Yeah, I can't help you with that one. Okay
Listen, you overlooking the best you overlooking the best losses in the race
In War Roy's all over in this race the Derby yeah strike the gold. He was just flat-outs
Flat-out knocked off his feet and the preview stakes which KO road couldn't win
Yeah, he was a struggling third trying to get through traffic in the Wood Memorial
Lost Mountain
No, they even second he should be the most like lost mountain was the reason why he didn't you should have won the whole race
No, Wood Memorial lost mountain just bounced right off the front right off and then shoved him into the rail in the
That is happy jazz band with cash asmusin my favorite jockey of all time
France to rhyme because he says he's level head and he's not gonna get excited 50 to one in the morning line
Of course he's gonna hit the board like no tomorrow. No, by Dixie land band
We own first and second to perfect us. Okay. Okay, buddy out of the 14 hole
Well, that's not gonna bother him to way out there in no man's land
He doesn't have enough he has if he has early speed to get a spot if he wants and he also has enough to take back
Okay, no braces just mobbed on cash asmusin anytime believe me. Okay, buddy. Thanks
There you go. There's your long shot. There's our Derby Long shot for tomorrow
number 14 happy jazz band with the
Ever-popular and I've been in France for years cash asmusin and knocked them dead several years ago up in New York
He was kind of like the second coming of Stevie Caughton
And the Stevie went off to England and the cash you went off to France and that's basically it once in a while
The guys by the way speaking of France and your pants wears Rick and Spud
Boy they've been coming in later and later and later. What's going on with those guys something real mysterious
Here's a lady in Davy
Hi, Neil. How you doing my first time caller, but I wanted to ask you about not planning
But I heard my answer. Well, I answer anything just to get that guy upset that that slime ball that called a couple of calls ago
There was attacking our lovely friend and not landing
That's right
I watched the whole thing until the last 10 minutes
I had to walk my friend home in the dark. Well, did you see the part about how in finally went in to say I want the money now
You saw that yep, and she spilled the beans and then that was it and then I walked out the door look out
Cheryl Mike is coming up to that end of the building look out. I think he's desperate
Also, how about these horny guys in the office, huh? I have no these ward ops man. I'm telling you
What is it? I've got more than a bump on my chest. Well, that's a good start. You've met me before
Yeah, Alex is put around a hole
Yeah, she says hold this okay, and he said okay
He's game
You know Dave game don't you know look at that. He's even got a towel over a shoulder. Oh, that's a t-shirt or something oil
Boy's there ripping off his toy. Yeah
Rip this just about
Boy, why don't you go like over to the zoo when animals do that like he's grabbing his crotch
It's like Roseanne bar and heat in there. What a maniac. We need more guys like him in here
Now what is it?
Well, that was it. I just wanted to call and ask you what happened last 10 minutes not well
Um, you know you answered it all along. I told you Linda was in the sack at the end
Everybody expected it to be paid because this guy was like really just
I heard you say it was Linda when she came in she recognized him because they were old uh fall on top of each other
From years ago from five years ago
Okay, so Linda's just I mean she's just on top of every fact. Let's get Linda fairgate in here
That'll keep my calm for a couple of minutes. She's ready for anything
Yep, she sure is if it's breathing or even just barely breathing like the senator. She's ready
Just like me or of course she does like it to have a little money. She likes that too
So I guess that leaves all our guys. Well listen have a great weekend and don't forget big finale next week big episode
I won't miss that one. Okay. We'll do an hour on that just to piss that guy off. All right. Let's do two
Okay, all right Neil. See you. Bye
122 at W.I.O.D. two open lines in Broward five two four pat Peterson is God five two four W.I.O.D. will be right back
Okay, 126. Thank goodness somebody out there. We appreciate it. We thank you profusely. It's got a memory better than all of us put together all fall down
Was the name of that movie the year was 1962
With Warren Beatty branded to will the Angela landsbury Carl Maldon and even Marie saint
Who is also in on the waterfront with Marlon Brando one of the great movies of our time the guy in his film guy gives it one
Stink and Lausy star is probably right about that
Look at the Broward lines. They all just opened up. Okay. Look at that. That is pathetic. We don't care
524 W.I.O.D. and Broward the young man reveres his narrowed to well elder brother, but determines to shoot him when he causes a girl's death
Another gallery of middle American failure is competently portrayed by a writer and actors very practiced at this sort of thing whatever that means
Hmm director John frankenheimer
The strange era of nostalgic Americana where the familiar is the Freudian grotesque says the New Yorker 1982
That was okay. No reason I liked it's cuz Brandon de Willow was in it
127 at W.I.O.D. We got two lines still open and Broward 524 W.I.O.D. Let's go to Kendall. Hello
Neil and don't forget tonight as you heard in the spot
Which is why I played that that the Hannibal Lecter the first movie is on red dragon up yours. Yes, sir
You're the best. I love you got bless you any questions pal. Okay
What open line and date 751 and the still two and Broward we reached the end of the road
I guess no more horse racing too much knots landing. I guess that's about it
We got like two four five calls and 32 minutes to go that'll never fly
So why don't we just play the cards again that we have played it like so much
Or did I put away that bill and Ted's excellent. We got to put that once more. Don't we?
Huh? Oh, yeah, that'll kill a minute and it'll kill a couple of minutes for me to find it. Oh
God, man as you get older it does take a lot longer to find it, you know
The story
Uncle Ted did for on some boxer shorts let's cruise our bark and rage with some babes
Excellent our money
I'm ponte
Uncle Ted dude
Let's use our answer the last name to impress these babes and do the wall things in the compound
No way bill
Just wait, Ted
Excellent
They're rich, they're powerful
They like to swim naked. Well, you're gonna be smitten Ted Kennedy and
Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure are two the next genitalia
Excellent
Coming soon to a few to the you
Pretty next for excellent
The best the best in history
129 to w.w.wd.c. Old suds is in the building now where it is old uh
hot 105 t-shirt or whatever the hell it is
10 we have thanks a lot now
Why don't you get a car in your phone or phone in your car
Well, we just got it we just went through the whole thing and a book it only got one lousy. Did you see it?
You never saw it was it was a it was bizarre
But it was interesting and the car baldens always great you kind of get fixated on the nose
But after you used to that uh, he was very good and Warren Betty was see
I don't even like Warren Betty, but in that movie he was good because he was not the uh
Plastic kind of Warren Betty that we you know is always doing his hair and stuff
Like in shampoo and branded the willed of course speaks for himself
But he's not feeling too well today 130 at w.w.w.wd. Here's a mobile implantation
Neil yes, sir. You showed today is great uh chick Anderson was a good friend of mine and listening to some of those taste
Springs back a lot of men. Can I tell you a very amazing thing? We're down. It's amazing to me
Chick-at you know how we talked to Dave Johnson today. Yeah. Well, I was on w.w.w. west back in 1978
was my first year there in this spring of 78 and just before that particular
Belmont I talked with chick Anderson on the ear on the phone
And you know we talked about the race coming up and we thought we're gonna win and then when did he die?
What year was it? Oh, it's been 10 years again. Yeah, so just like a year or two later he dies
But he was excellent. He was very good. He had just gotten that contract to do all in New York
Right, which was a you know the highlight of his career was right then he really really wanted and he he had a
He was shaving and had a heart attack or something wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah, just like bingo how old was he?
45 oh man incredible
Nightest guy in the world very good
And then of course we went through this long dry spell
We had to put up with martialcans in New York for years after Dave Johnson was making too much money
We had to put up with martialcansity and he got that job because he was like a little nepotism there
I guess and he was probably the worst in history next to Ross Morton and now thank goodness
We got Durkin up there doing a tremendous job. Yeah, he's good excellent
That movie that's on tonight the red dragon. Yeah, not near as good as violence at the lamp
The book was as good. Yeah, but the movie isn't close. Well the movie is kind it's really
Very bizarre. I don't know how they're gonna put that on without really chopping it up
It's gonna be interesting to see how they do that. Yeah, well, you know, they ruin movies anyway
Yes, sir. They should stop this stuff
There's not gonna be much left because there wasn't much there to begin with. Yeah, well they figure he's in there chopping everybody up
They might as well chop a little too. Okay. Thanks a lot. I see you
132 at WIOD at open line on a big famous star line if you have bell-soft mobility star
I would be I think we ought to play white white one baby one more time too, don't you?
Well, God at 62 seconds long what a perfect way to kill a minute. Don't you like that?
I thought it was great
I thought it's the best thing I heard Ray Charles doing a long time
Miami, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going guys? Okay, sir? Listen
I just want to clear up something
Cuban women do have big butts. Yeah, especially you know, we have something complement that yeah big big ego
That's about it. You're talking to a guy who knows believe me. Oh really? Yeah, I've been around anyway
So I'm just trying to say I have a little controversy here my wife is gonna see that way
If you ever met that famous Cuban Jewish Cuban movie star. Oh mama-la Schwartz
I have a little controversy about to speak
My wife is gonna go see the chipmint else tonight. Yeah, and she won your wife must be desperate
You must not have all what you're telling us sir. There must be something missing in that relationship
We got to ask her we got to ask her. Yeah, she wants to leave me alone with a baby and I don't think that's fair
What do you want? She's going to see the chipmint else and leave you with a baby. Yeah
Yeah, I think that answer
I have a feeling yeah
I think you're gonna have a feeling too if uh
She's the word Jackson hospital listening right now, so I'd like to call her a big douchebag
And I'm not staying home darling
Okay, go on find some a big-butt Cuban woman out there. Okay, bye have a good time
133 here on the big-butt radio we have an open line on the center square five two four W.I.O.D. and Broward
I think that's a disgusting grotesque
awful thing to make those terrible generalizations that Cuban women all have gigantic rears
I think that is one of the most vulgar probably true though
Miami Beach
Neil yes, sir
Did you not have Charles the can't the honest well last year derby day correct?
You did yeah, I think the last couple of years so Charles he's been there with Dave, but
I guess that orange here that Dave is developing kind of turns around
Dave Johnson is excellent. He is sensational dork and I think now is at the top of his game
He's number one Dave is right there number two, but Dave doesn't need to see the thing about Dave
You can see anything because I always kid him about it, but he's made so much money that it's just a tremendous
No, he's excellent, but an earlier caller alluded to racing cliche by an outer. Yes, sir
And I would rather listen to and down the stretch they come
24 hours a day as opposed to this one can I do it for you you ate it too the one that I like best here
They come fitting out of the turn oh
Bill George F the worst and an ego the size of Montana. I hate him. I mean
Is it feel is doing it filled by the way is back and I saw his the races last night on sports channel from Gulf Stream
The closing day and he is at the peak of his game. I hope he's feeling as good as he sounds. He's doing a great job
The great guy. Yeah, he's really he's improved like 10,000 percent since he started he calls races intelligibly Ross Morton cannot
Can't understand a word. He's got like mushroom as well
The thing with Ross Morton if he makes a mistake nobody ever knows because you can't understand what he's saying
He's absolutely terrible man hunter was a very
He's moved. He's a ball. Yeah, very depressing and very dank the FBI. Yeah dark dank and depressing
Yeah, so everybody at 2 and n it'll make him forget about the depression we're talking about NBC
My favorite line was Bob Savage circling the field on the rail. That was always one of my favorite lines
Yeah, fortunately, I haven't been down here long enough. I'm thank you sir
The gentleman just probably all these sound if I thank you profusely
Appreciate it. Okay. Killin cad's excellent venture. Who did that?
Who did what that ACN? No, that's a rock comedy network that I stole from Rick and suds and I'm proud of it
Because like I said Rick Riley plays those things one or two times then he throws the then he loses it in the middle of the car
Rack here with all that other crap they threw in here. You never hear it again
So I'm doing a pubic service. I'm keeping their material alive
Although I will let him have a dwein stop back if they want that. I'll find it for
I want to stop knocking the not planning ladies. Yeah, leave her alone. Okay
She's a nice lady right and I don't even like not planning in fact our new board op Mike said he wish he'd come over right now
He'd hop all over
He needs to butcher up a bit. He does. He's sure to he's hopping all over Alex in the hall with listen have a great weekend
Okay, and Gretel on Sunday and as they say in radio peter in the morning and fever all night
That's what they used to say on the peter john show on WSPB in serisota
Peter in the morning and fever all night
Anyway 24 till two at WIOD and we'll be right back
I want to be cornered
I want to be Danny Buttertootie
Danny Buttertootie
Kids everywhere are playing the tragic new board game
25 to life
Yes 25 to life the game that lets them go from behind the camera to behind bars
This is Joe uh-oh
I got caught holding up a video store
Way to go, Dale
Butter
Fusted by Nars
Oh, Nars
Community service again
Only fame lets your child star follow the twisted path around the Hollywood Game Ward
From Christian Brando to Adam Rich until someone gets
25 to life
It is enough
Oh, no
Hey, you
You got caught holding up a pharmacy
Go to jail you win
25 to life you from has been a solving battery is not included
141 at WIOD markets down 9.15 the Dow
I also want to thank that wonderful gentleman who brought in those sound effect cassette
Was that quicker what just called within the last hour
And he delivered brought a whole bunch of these great cassettes with all kinds of puking and farting and stuff on them
It'll be great
See, I like somebody like that who promises and delivers how many times as somebody said
I'm going to give it to you and then you find out they don't
We can all relate to that right you're going to get it and you don't get it
And that's depressing and disappointing it's a big letdown we got it
Cutler Ridge
I need I done okay
You're the voted man and crying you know here in couple of rich well there's got to be one
Even an ex-luo civilian this is unbelievable everything's sitting in the place today
Yeah, yeah, a little bit younger all Gary Bruce to you
Uh, hey, there's so many extra ways that this is getting too intriguing
I'm not gonna
Misery name glades. Okay. Well, just don't mention that one because we're having a good day so far. No
Kid that was uh, you know, okay
but
Uh, it's bringing back so many memories my grandma and grandfather was right across the church of down
And I mean I can see the people from their front porch
and
Just an incredible show. It's just flooding back
flooding back. I've been flooding back. Maybe some depends might help
and uh, it's
Even tying into other things I'm gonna say and uh
Uh, I like to have you for lunch. I have your liver some fresh vitamins and a nice bottle of keogh
Uh-huh
But next year we uh, we gotta keep this going it's gonna take a
Hell of a picture to be time for the land
A hell of a picture. How about my for leaky? He could be them. Well your
On a picture you get me know that it's it could get close to it. Yeah, but uh anyway
um
In closing then your money runs me tomorrow. Okay. Okay, and the same to you. Okay back at you
Whatever 143 at W.I.O.D
I don't know what he's talking about. We have an open line indeed
751
W.I.O.D. Let's go to Lantana if we must
Yes, we must good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. It made the goods news viewers. That's right
This call has one of those Spanish women near the end the big but
um, I don't like I'm not gonna say that about rearing a big family because that was a terrible line. Okay. I don't like not
landing and I don't like guiding light. Yeah, I'm not a horse racing right, but you're still out there, sir
But here it comes that's right and here's where that's that an anatomical part. Here's that big but yeah
That's right. I think listening to you all talk about it has added a little bit of interest to my day
And I hope it's broad enough. You're horizons. That's so to speak so to speak
And I just wanted to let you have that
parting shot. Well, that's great. You're a great American sir and obviously have no life. That's right. Thank you
See you
144 at W.I.O.D. We got the Derby tomorrow. We got baseball cbs kind at 125 tomorrow. I didn't say it was planned
That would be nice if we knew but I guess I'm getting a little picky now, huh?
CBS baseball. I don't think most people care which network it's coming from they like to know who's playing
We got Meg green tomorrow morning. We got Dave Graveline if you get up early tomorrow
We're apologizing for that already
Weekend magazine used to be one hell of a show with Chuck Meyer. Hope you feel bad about it in the newsroom Chuck
People are killing themselves jumping off tops of tall buildings
People are resorting to incredible tactics now Saturday mornings
That's what they're doing because mr. Graveline's all right. Good voice. No talent
No sense of humor and we got the u.m. baseball tonight
And tomorrow night because it's a big three game series hurricanes and fs u
We got mr. Canceli de Forth for the tree Sunday morning who I'm sure will analyze the Derby
It with his great expertise, which he knows nothing
And Yankee baseball Sunday night so we got like his usual a whole bunch of sports and crap
for Lauderdale
Dale yes, sir
You're about to see you. Yeah, I can tell bad radio
Listen not all Latin women have big butts. Yeah
And but it really doesn't matter as long as the tight elastic pants are on and the nails are done in the hair's nice
I mean seriously nails have to be maroon I think you know these women they take their carry more about their hair and their nails
Than everything else. I mean, you know don't hit the treadmill whatever you do exactly
They'd spend more time prepping their breasts than their hair. They'd be a lot better shape
Seriously, I mean we're in the same shape. Yeah, but anyway
Tom jickey you started to say well
Yeah, you know that one tape you have now nothing make one
But the one about sales people are
Uranus yeah
Do one with
Uncle Uncle Tom something like that on I think he is I think he is an uncle time to be honest with him
I think he's playing little games with his column now to try to be cute
And I think that's a disservice to the public and uh, you know
Yeah, let me say this to you the people who care about the ratings on his station
Making difference because they get him because we give him out on the year and we give mac you really and honestly
But as far as the readers of a newspaper it was worse than a joke. It was in a scratch
I mean, we're looking at the market style 14 and a half it is plunging sir. Can you believe that plunging taking a dive neckline
Yes, sir, but the you know, he's so off base. I mean, I don't care about boxing, but the fight recently with George
With four men in that he go that he called it but the night before it says
Are you can watch the laugh for a fight turn out to be one of the better fights?
You know there could be you know and the guys that joke
But I think one that like that was that uh, newspaper critics are apples. That would be a good one
That would be an excellent one. We'll do it on Monday one more thing to ask and you shall receive
I want two more little things two more little things markets down 15 now. Oh, it's dropping man
Who one big grab it before hits the floor all right? Who does the book is wrong? What is it the book of song? Who who does that one?
That's a brick and puds. I don't know is that what you're called
That thing is great. I mean, I don't want you to play it. I know you want to put it in it
I don't see I don't play their songs. Okay, I might
Like butt load or something that can drop in or some of the a rock comedy that they're never gonna play again
I'll ask them. I'll ask those guys. I didn't know ever. What does it call?
The yet the focus song or whatever it's like the tamarack on something like that
He would bothers me about Rick Riley if you're gonna have stuff that's stillable at least
You know like he's got F and R and O and and then you know you can't find anything to steal it
Well, it is and his own mind he has a good stuff. Here's Coral Springs. Hey, is that close enough?
Now the focus song it says we don't know the song it is, but I just you can't find it over here
Those guys
All right listen wait a minute. Wait a minute. Maybe this will do it hold on a second
We
Is that good enough?
Damn because that's one of my favorites and I will say that is like pitiful that was a William Shatter one
No, this is but this beats William Shatter at least he's got an excuse. He's from outer space
All right one more thing man. He's closing. Yes, sir. Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on
She's manny as a major man. Wait a minute. Don't don't do it sir. I'm sorry
There we go
Far be it for me that's it's still there material
But hey, it's a request on Friday. You're all right
See you
And that's what I like about milk
Is that's what I like about milk? Okay, I'll queue it up
Look at that shirt. Are you funny? Look at that. It's my socks. Where the hell's Rick Rally?
It's funny socks came in and stay was one of those wild Hawaiian that isn't Hawaiian. It's more like a Samoan or something
So anyway
You were saying
Quit playing my stuff
BS to you sir
You know like how they have
Baseball trading cards and oh man
W's it yeah those two we got to have like ACN and rock comedy trading cars
We could just trade some stuff now. I want I like that's a white one baby. What you want? Yeah, and
When is white? Yeah, you see yesterday. I put on that quick or what?
Yesterday put on the pot smoking thing and Marvin says we've heard this enough already
And that was the first time I played it. I got news for it if Marvin starts dictating what happens on your show like that
Baguette you had on a couple of days ago your guys will be history faster than you say
Greg is desperate
It's time. He's so white
About okay, you need like a typewriter. We need another machine up. We need you're right another show that
The things that I want I ask for nothing because I avoid all management people that all cause two things that I want
That's all I want a new mic cord in here so that every time you pick them and you do like this
It doesn't you've had it had exactly makes all this like got a short knit or some crap
My court cost him like five bucks for a long cord
Although I think Mitch Wien had his cord style
But anyway, and then we need the triple deck car player of it. That's it. That's all. We'll leave him alone. No. Yeah for what?
Because there's a lot of stuff this guy doesn't have a cassette desk desk. Yeah
That why this guy out there that won't go home already left all those cassettes
Oh, I heard no, he did he brought an 8 billion the side effects. I said I heard nice. I said
If I may you won't be here from two to six, huh? We go through those. Oh
What are you gonna play am I I don't know?
I can set deck in there. Oh, no, that's no fun. You got to play your own stuff get the white one
Yeah, I like that and the little kid
Going Danny Boneducci thing
I like that. Well, you want to play those? Well, you took two of ours the thing that is with me
If I play one of yours, I put it back where belong. So okay, I don't really mind that much if you play it
I'm as long as you don't overdo them, but then you I never put them back where they belong. Well, I will
I know I'm sorry
And I don't know I'm not gonna say it was you but somebody and I left it there on purpose where the hell is it?
I left it now look at that. I left it somewhere and I can't find it. Oh here here. Look at this
Yeah, Rick's world that's the Rick Sanchez now I have like three or four Rick Sanchez carts down there
I know exactly where they look at this it's up here along with boom boom does Otis Redding isn't that look at the timeliness of this
All right
Boom boom went out to hitch on a Saturday super sharp shallow gold now with Otis Redding sitting on a dock in a bay what
Yeah
That's Johnny dark. We got him all right
Package then way
Wow all your mothers out there
Is that what they are and all your prospective mothers
At will you stop
I'll tell you what why don't you use that material on the coast this afternoon and then send us a postcard here over the weekend
See they come in here on a AM and they got a big mouth and all of a sudden a real bold and brave think over there
They read their three by five cards and don't even dare sneeze. Well, that's why they blow it up
They're ready to explode and it comes here blurt all this stuff out and those of you who have mothers
One of my all-time favorite restaurants the Spiced Apple is the place to take your favorite mother
On Mother's Day the whole family will enjoy it too Mother's Day may 12 a week from Sunday
They're featuring complete dinners on Mother's Day for unbelievable prices and a complete children's menu too
Look for discount coupons in your local newspaper choose from roast leg of lamb. Well, that's good with that movie coming on tonight
Big stuff orange ruffi. Do you know what that is? Yeah, it's a fish. Oh man. It's an Australian fish
Stuff you got to get it from down under the shrimp and lobster. Yeah, well, no, that's where it comes out
Or choose from the Spiced Apple's complete menu serving the most delicious gourmet country and seafood dishes in a down home comfortable
Yahoo North Carolina setting. It's tremendous
And of course when you go in there to eat you start off with the trip to their famous salad and appetizer bar
Go back as many times as you want like a pig and some of the other great items on a menu include deep fried shrimp
Famous country sampler platter stuff chicken breast where's Mike
A country fried steak and grilled pork chop extraordinary lunch and buffet's Monday through Friday big country brunch on a weekend
Starting at 11.30 a.m
So be sure and make your mother's day reservation now so you can satisfy your mother
next Sunday
157 now. What were you saying? Oh, okay, let's go to Lauderdale see if they're clicking or they're there
Sometimes I feel
On power 96 Neil yes, sir. They're playing a song better than the divinals called it's called people are still having sex
Really? Yeah, it's a wrap song. It's really good. A wrap song. Oh, how depressing
But it's really good song. You should hear it's got unbelievable rights. Oh, it's really filthy that power 96 man
That's got to be the filthiest most disgusting. These are a wrap or it's a song. It's not a wrap song right it's a wrap song
You've had a wrap or a song. Yeah, okay. It's wrap. It's wrapped in. Thank you. Okay. Talk hard
See you
Talk hard. Oh, that's our new format. I like that. No, that's gonna be on the billboard. You might have be birthday thing
What what the market is your birthday birthday? Riley Monday. Oh happy birthday. We'll pay till Monday. Oh, I'll be here. I'll bring you some. Yeah
Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah, happy birthday. Rick. Right. So it sounds like you just woke up before two o'clock
Then he perks after two exactly. He looks just like I was on today and now he's starting to talk kind of the same way
You little nasal can I ask you a question?
Why is it that the guy who brought all the cassettes his hand out in the hallway out there because I got news for it when it comes to it
When a little hand hits the big hand. He needs a ride. He's a long run. Yeah
Talk about big butts Linda L.O.B. was on the Larry King deadline as Linda L.O.B. got a big butt
Oh, but
And Larry King. Well, how does he get a job interviewing people?
Buck is yes, but kiss that's Larry Mr. Buck is oh, that's a big butt kiss. That's why she was on I guess that's a great butt
Okay, how's the way to play for the beers and the same to you sir?
Okay, call us again next time when you have nothing to contribute
Chuck Myers here with the news into a clock. Nice to see you with that the smartly little tie
Who the pirates playing tonight Chuck?
Who? Astro. Oh, man. Okay, so the pirates weep this weekend. Boy oh boy. We soften them up for you guys good. They are pathetic
They're almost as good as the miracle he Astro has been not quite listen have a marvelous weekend and all that other
A gratuitous crap that people say at the end of the show on Friday when all are really interested in is getting the hell out
And stay around for our good old buddies Rick and Spud. We're gonna come along next and just dazzle you with a bunch of women's horny
Voices or horny women's voice. There's something like that all you guys out there can just sit and kind of
Triangle your microphones together sports talk gym manage at 6.05 tonight and no Hank Goldberg tonight man
I cannot believe it. You know what they say a day without Hank
Is something else we got you and baseball or hurricanes and fsu 6.50 tonight
Don't forget the Derby tomorrow. Hancell 5 to 6 here on 6.10 W.I.O.D
