The target whether they're gay or whatever they might be well of the reason that's so funny is because nobody else will do it
Yeah, and the fact is it happens and then it's start bringing all this crap about suicide
I mean that that is just so ridiculous. It's embarrassing. Okay, the fact that anybody stands up to be counted
I mean here's here's the article again John Travolta is getting married now
Isn't that a joke actress Kelly pressed that in John Travolta just happened to be getting married after this outing organization
Popped his name out as being gay
Funny coincidence isn't wow
That's what I call a ball Z move John. You're gonna sleep in separate houses up separate countries, probably I
Met him down at Mayfair one day was just like walking around you see I shouldn't say that because then the
Organization up there for lottery what they ought to be doing is going out there worrying about all the gay basures in for a lot of
They'll okay including the police that's what they ought to be doing
Instead of worrying about some jackass on a radio who's got a sense of humor
They're experimenting with new gentle blue uniforms. Did you see that?
Sorry
And white cars wow the brown shirts are cleaning up their act we think goose stepping a little bit lower. Yeah
What again
And I knew it the people I was sitting next to they said all we're in trouble we've lost this one
I know we can come back we did before it was like the jets we did it then we could do it now
I was rooting I was singing and you understand the Henry Burrow is the magic ingredient that put us over the top
Why did they not let him we talked about this like all day Friday?
Why why now they have begged him they said well we need you and Buffalo
It's gonna be a tough game. We want you to come next week. It's gonna be cool. Sure
Who's got the like warming sauce? I'll give you an extra bottle and he said no I can't really can't
See Larry Zorka threatened me one time and
That's why I wanted to know if that was like with
No, I can't really can't Henry come on
Seriously when one for the jipper and we come on just for a couple hours. I can't really can't all right screw you here
Go have a drink
It's gonna be a tough tough weekend
Hey listen, I said this was gonna be a tough game and it was
It was but we both agreed I saw you before the game that was gonna be a good game to see me after the name
You wouldn't believe I know but it was going to be a good game and it was a great game
Maybe the greatest game that I've ever been to
And it was like that chess game we came back we come back Dan knows you know
He wants to give these people their money's worth they paid a lot to get in they complain about the ticket prices
Let me just kind of lay back for a little while give them their money's worth and then I'll win that one
And I didn't hear you mentioned today did you notice that
Nobody left the stadium until all the dolphins were off the field not true. I mean nobody figuratively
The stadium was nine tenths. Oh, yeah capacity until all the dolphins were no nine tenths capacity when it started well
Exactly, but you know what I mean, yeah, they stayed there. They thought it was gonna be the last home game
They applauded them. They sure it was phenomenal. It was great. It was and you can't get that from TV
No
Not at all and the fact that there were empty seats that that's the only negative you could fight out of the entire
Fear is the fact that there were five six thousand empty seats in inexcusable
And I guarantee there were people afterward kicking themselves that they didn't go I don't think so no I
Know like I said I guarantee there were people who should have been kicking exactly or kicked by somebody
You know what people who don't go who haven't been to a football game in a long time don't realize it's don't get from TV
TV they have such tight shots on everybody and all you see in the field of view is the players
When you're in the field you can see all the possibilities where they can go the one guy that's down there that they don't get to
Until the players are already down around the guy you know what I mean the openings the closings and all of that
And you can sit there a roof for something that's about to happen, but you'll never see that on TV
What the hell am I saying? I don't know. I don't know. I don't think Marlon Brando was addressed
Davie hey guys listen
Neil congratulations on the Camilla's house. Thank you second things and information. You got a butt-loat boy on there right here and
Also information for one of your previous listeners. I beg your pardon
All right, there's a
Paper shop and record shop when sunrise Boulevard west of 441 called Sir Arthur's oldies. Yeah, he has a copy of the
Prepitation contest really and if he has a copy of it, you know how long metal lasts well
Here's the situation he'll make you one you buy the tape and give it to him. I
Want to do the same for any of your customers that want an original
Second thing you're thinking story about guard
Did you ever too little gay guy standing up on top to don't have a nice life sir
118 and w. I would do we have an open line and Broward 524
I think he saw that movie the fan with Lauren McCall too many times. That was that peak guy. Yeah
And one understood see I you know
I'm willing to discuss to debate but when somebody calls me and starts threatening and telling me what I can say and what I can't say
And if you know what he's saying if you don't
Bend and yield to well pressure. We're gonna come after you with the vet come after what
Come after what
Because I say because I have a sense of humor
They're gonna beat you up. Yeah, right
Good luck to them. I hope they were paraphera pants anymore
Geez exactly. I mean really some people are so stupid any of these militants. I don't care what it is
Millicent women's groups. Exactly whatever the organization
It's just it's enough to make you barve
One thing to stand up for your rights and to try to uh to try to demand what
Society owes you a fair shake in life. Okay?
And a fair chance to live your life and earn a living and what have you but to start try to throw your weight around because well
We're gonna it's just a bunch of crap. It's a pile of garbage, all right
Why don't you come after some of the other gutless people who are cowering in the closet who want to stand up and be counted
What about them Charlie
one
19 at W.I.O.D
But I'm a great game and we'll be right back if you weren't in a box where you could see it on TV or anything
No, okay on television on a few of those carries that ball was just hanging out there in my heart within my throat
I'm like I know he's gonna fumble it
But sure enough he didn't he really had a great game. That's right. Yeah
Well, I don't know about this weekend, but uh, well listen
I think I got a shot let let me say this to you. Okay, because this is my feeling when I left on
Saturday no matter what happens from here on in it's been a phenomenal season
And that's not a disclaimer because I mean buffalo's gonna be tough
They beat us like crazy a couple weeks ago
But the fact is that that game on Saturday was like you know 12 and four would have been nice
But if we would launch the Kansas City there would have been a lot of detractors
But pulling that game out and doing it the way we did it fantastic
I mean this has been a phenomenal season. There is one negative though. Neil. What's that they didn't cover the spread?
See him
There's a Hank Goldberg man and I knew that I also thought that too people would be saying well they didn't cover the spread
Pathetic care exactly a fool and his money are soon parted as you guys found out on Friday. Yeah. Thanks a lot
How'd you end up doing it? We have two we have two open line. I don't discuss that two open lines indeed
751 I stayed for seven weeks. You did one for seven weeks. Yeah, and I had a couple of seconds
I never had a winner and it's just the tough. It's brutal
751 WIOD and data one and brown at five two four the book will be out tomorrow morning by the way at 10 a.m
Numbers will be out
I think we're all gonna slip a little bit thanks to that November
Everything is up on the air based on December if our folks come came through and listen to a lot in December
We're doing great. I do love those spots though much like our brother
They are the same as the billboards only animated at your Robbie Stadium where we see WIOD and you see news whether in traffic check mark check marks
And I think it's just amazing that this radio station which is like one of those people's shit
tirely oriented based on personality radio from a new year in the morning through me in midday and you guys in the afternoon and even the sports
personalities and Hank
entirely based on those factors and on the dolphins and hurricanes which have nothing to do with the other three
News whether in traffic is the best we can do to promote this radio station and the people who slave their
Their fat asses off to try to bring an audience over here
I think somebody in our news department ought to be a fess up and admit that that isn't the case
No, I can't really can't well. Maybe you can't maybe Chuck Myers honest enough for guy to do it
Okay, because he hasn't he's not part of the old guard here. What did I say guard?
Isn't that the name of that? Yeah, I'm fit because they're gonna come after me with the vengeance
I like I like places where they have a PO box number
That's always a sign of courage
Anyway, we have two open lines in days seven p.o. Box number p.o. Box. Yeah, they're pretty p.o
I don't want to screw the issue
but
Like I said, we have two open lines in date 751
Butch 751 WIO
Can we hear somebody real butch to be on to kind of counter this whole thing
Or she'd rather than the truck
Let's go to bokeh
Hello, no, yes, sir. How you doing? I was first time. Well, I don't know. I'm kind of in between a rock in a
soft place
Yeah, I'm calling
I love your show. Yeah, great show and I read in a Miami Herald something that I thought was pretty unbelievable
They had a phone pole and
Turned out at about five out of six people that they they pulled approved not only just didn't have any opinion on but approved of the Miami Hurricanes behavior
In the cotton ball. Mm-hmm. Well, what does that tell you that's this town that's this static
That's just the set. Well, I'm not gonna argue about it anymore
I mean, I should you should see the letter. I just threw in a waste basket from a lady no less
Really a hateful rotten nasty letter and then that article by the team
Chaplain that was in the Sun sentennial yesterday. Oh, yeah, that was a racial thing and we don't understand
I mean, I have never heard so many rationalizations. It's a pilot crap and that's all a risk to it
When they blame it on the racial thing that just drives me out because anyone if anyone acted that way
It's just right no matter what right, but this town we can make anything if it like snowed in the middle of a January
We'd say it had something to do with a
Porto-Rican Cuban Anglo-Black ethnic Jewish thing and about there
Nene's acts and I just couldn't believe that then he said he was embarrassed because the coach is the ultimate control
Yeah, well, in other words, he's admitting he had there was a certain group that he had no control over
Well, I mean, did you see that the sugar bowl last year?
But listen, I don't want I don't want to prepare I don't want to continue this. It's like
Beating it not only a dead horse, but one that's in a bottle of glue. I mean, it's that far out of the barn already
It's hopeless. All right, you're never going to change these people's minds. Don't confuse them with the truth
All right, one more thing I wanted to ask Bill. It's a little late now
But have you ever seen a movie called the cook that sees his wife and her lover?
Do you ever see that bill?
No, no, it's it's kind of like an arties film
It's British film that was
Really really weird, but it's it's very well done
It's a very well and I'll go over pretty well big here then if it's pretty
Great thing. All right. Okay, and I see you by the way, Bill
129
What you know what else I like to the game
Those banners I think there were more banner planes than I'd ever seen
And it was just great the whole experience was great, but I gotta say so they're flying around have a great time here
Come to this club and come to this club and they're like you know 10 a minute or oh and then following around
Chase played boycott Miami
Did you see that band? I didn't see that didn't you?
Let's create my
Huge banners going around come to shooters and come down here and we've got this for you and then little little chase
Playing boycott Miami flying around and around you didn't see that no. Oh, man
And I thought I read all of them. I was reading most of my first thing I did when I got out
I went out and boycott it Miami. Yeah
Well, when I leave here. I'm gonna boycott it. I'm going to plantation acres right on
my dress and
Pink flipper
You know really when you stop and think about it that letter is so stupid that it's embarrassing really is
Bodley Harm. There's pretty you know you could understand when ultra right wing fascist and nut balls right letters like that
Well, when somebody who's supposed to be representing an organization defending minorities
Right say hateful letter like that. You know, there's something missing somewhere
Like common sense and a sense of you worry what that was gonna be 130 at W.I.O.D. and the movie
Right back. I just saw Marvin walk down the hall. It doesn't need no yet. Who's gonna break the news to Marvin? No, I can't
I really can't come on Henry. You've been around here long time. You can sit him on your knee and tell him what it's all about
Anyway, Patrick Murray wants 35 and let's go to Delray Beach
Hi Neil. Hi
First time caller and I'm a nurse now. I write now. Okay. It's regarding that guard letter
Uh
Allerian tell said almost verbatim what was read in that letter on a show on Friday between
Well, he milked it for about an hour and a half. What do you mean he said verbatim?
Uh almost verbatim. He said someone called and asked him uh, you know if
W.F.T.L. or whatever the station that he's on
Uh, if they're so free and open was he gonna address his sexuality?
And he said, well, I don't feel the need to but there are certain hosts like Neil
who wanted to come out with that and uh, he always refers to me in the female gender
Well, let me first of all, let me say this to you when I was at WNWS
Al Rantell and I went to a sponsor that's no longer there called the palace restaurant on Sunrise Boulevard in four months
Just a minute and I made a joke out of it and from that day on I used to call him Alice at the palace
All right, so anybody can assume they take that anyway they want that was the joke then that is the joke now
And if he can't handle it or anybody else can that's their problem, okay? I've been called I have been called Nellie
I've been called Nancy doesn't bother me they can call me anything I want. I'm a big boy. Doesn't bother
They they were they were milking it as much as possible. Yeah, can was you know in the room with them
And I'm surprised no one else is called to be ported to you
Well, basically because probably number one most people are listening to it and number two most people are hearing
It was the only day I tuned in to see what I was up to and
He just went on and on that you must be uncomfortable with his sexuality not in the least bit
Not in the least bit. I have no problem with it all which is why I've been open and out of the closet for now
What 14 years as of December of 1977 almost 14 years?
I don't have any problem with it
And I have a sense of humor about that and about everything else in life because you know life is basically a joke
So if you can't laugh at it you got a problem. They were trying to play many psychologists here. Oh, I'm sure they were and
saying that well there must be some problem and and and Al said well maybe because he came to terms with his sexuality late in life
That's what he said yeah
and then he's
To draw the right, you know, it's amazing to me that we got a bunch of people over there who are busy
And of course that Steve's specialty is trying to psychoanalyze everybody else
But in the meantime on the other hand telling everybody he's been an analysis all of his adult life right
So you know, it's like the pot calling the kettle beige. It's not right right exactly
But what is I don't understand what that has to do with this letter?
Well because
Al kept going on about you know the way you would call people in the female gender with you
The name of the organization is gays united to attack repression and discrimination and quite frankly when somebody in my position comes out of the closet and
Stands up to be counted and speaks out against discrimination and repression
And it seems to me that this is like an oxymoron
Right, right while he was disdain that it seems like you you know on one hand that
You came out of the closet, but on the other hand you put down like you're putting down yourself
Not in the least bit. It's just a joke
It's and of course that you expect it coming from him and some of the other people over there because they have no sense of humor
and and and then Steve made him tell some story about the blue lagoon and
Christopher Ackon
I'm talking about now I sure don't what about it?
He out told this story about how you would free frame
this shot of
Chris coming down a waterfall and first of let me say this to you okay, but no no wait, let me say this
I joked about that on a year okay
Alarantel has never in his life been in my home
I was in his home maybe once or twice what he lived in rock creek okay
Alan I don't socialize I haven't seen him in years and yet the you know the attempt to go on a year and say oh
Hey, listen, I'll be honest with if that's what they want to start because they've got a number of closet people on
The year over there on that station a number of them and if they all want to start playing that kind of game
I'll be delighted okay. I have no problem with that
It just makes me wonder that you know they were trying to say that
You aren't comfortable with your sexuality. Well, I got let's take it right from the horse
Take it right from the horse's mouth. I'm as comfortable as anybody could be okay, and I know you're not putting down gay people
It's all all in fun. Well, let me just let me put it to you this way consider the source exactly have a great day
You two one 40 at W. I. O. D. Although I will say that after you watch that seem for about 45 seconds you realize it's no big deal
I mean you talk about the caught pot calling the kettle pink okay
You want to compare our libraries of movies now?
I'll bring it all I'll bring in every videotape that I have at home and read the
Titles or read what is written on a box because a lot of them are like cub games and horse raising
I'll read them all on the air and you do the same okay
You
Unbelievable talk about desperate flailing out for attention. Put you up will you try
Or I'll sick those guys on you so to speak
man
Hollywood
I don't know this is Adam from Merrimar. Yeah, Adam
Keep me hanging on forever. I'm calling along just on the day line
Well, how the hell am I supposed to know that in my psychic? Well, I told Marvin. Well Marvin is not I Marvin's busy
And fired we hope I'm just kidding
Well listen there. I'll call you because I'm on the road. Do they tell him yet? No, I can't really can't
Factors out now. I
Went to jail the other week
We're trying to get a fake ID. Yeah, and
Spent the night in jail and I came out and it turns out that they dropped the charges and they're gonna charge me with
Mr. Meena
My license gets suspended for a year. Yeah, and
With the mister me. I don't know if they'll just still suspended or not and I can call in Tallahassee
I'm calling all of the drives lessons bureau
House and nobody knows. Yeah
You don't have any knowledge in that area doing what do I do? I know if your license has been suspended
Well, you know, you're just a knowledge with type of a guy. Yeah, your license is suspended stay home
You believe that I think these people are doing mushrooms. I really do. I think cost for god him first
Did you hear his list
Remlins part two and Dick Tracy
He is he's a I don't know. He's just a silly guy
Fort Lauderdale. I got hello. No, how are you okay? Yeah, good. Tell hour and tell not to worry about anything
But anyway um and reference the guard here they need to mind our business to worry about things like a
Miramar and stuff like that not bother with you
You've been doing things like that forever. Hello. I'm here. Yeah. You're here
worry about things like Miramar. Yeah, yeah, what that norm and is that you and that playing like that that mayor? Oh, yeah
And the other thing you were talking about earlier one is pw and two is Cliff O'Neill up in Washington
Right weekly news and this guy used to write for the weekly news
One of the silliest people I've ever encountered in my life
And used to hate me like poison and one of the main reasons is because I like Howard Stern in other words
And again these militant people no matter what group it happens to be unless you adhere to their whole
Agenda who you're supposed to hate and what you're supposed to think. I'm not an automaton
I think for myself okay, and nobody tells me what to think or what to say
Hey, no, you've been doing your stick for years, you know, so why does that worry about it now? You know it's about to crap
Yeah
And one more thing as far as the Kansas City and by the way, let me also say this to mr
whatever his name was
What's his name? I'm a picky picky picky whatever was when we were when we were under tremendous duress an attack here
By certain homophobic elements in the community. I don't recall him coming to our assistance at that
Maybe I have a bad memory, but it just somehow slips my mind. Oh, it slips his mind too probably
You know him and Alan Terrell are all both in the same boat there if you ever heard Alan Terrell
He's another lawyer that tries to do all these things
The press people but he's a good he's a good gay rights activist too far community
You never know and just one more thing here concerning the Kansas City Chief. Yeah, I gave a daring
And Barry were to ride my cab the other night and I doubt their listening because they're probably gone back home
I was sure things are yeah, yeah, I told him so maybe they didn't get a long distance back in Kansas City where they belong
Okay, I have a good date now and the same to you 144 at W. I. O. D
We have an open line of date one and Broward. Let's go to a
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hey Neil. Yeah, you as far as I'm concerned
Is this only my opinion you just say it right on the head when you said that all these groups I'm talking an array
Anyone who feels like there's some kind of a political action group if you don't believe in
100% of their agenda you're on there. You know what?
Exactly and these people first of all in mind is only my opinion like I said you
Personally are for human rights now human rights. I don't care if you're homosexual
I don't care if you're the elephant man. Everyone has their human rights. I'm not big on
Affirmative action groups or the American Civil Liberty Union, but everyone has human rights and
These people have to understand that whether you're homosexual or not and I don't feel like I'm the home of phobics
But you've got certain rights. You don't have more rights than anybody else
And for you the voice you're opinion on the air is your opinion and that's the way it is and if these people don't like it change the channel
Yeah
You know, but I just feel like you really hit it on the head with that last call while I'm sick and tired of the in this community seems to
Specializing all of these different individuals and groups who think they have some godgiven right that they're going to tell you
What to say when to say it what you can think what you can write what you can read what you can watch
It's a pilot crap. There's a Jerry fall well in the world and worse
Now did you get that letter like it won a concert? Did you have it before you start? I just start opening up the mail
Oh, cuz I was gonna say I can't believe that you had that letter for a few days of that on it without
exploding
Well, I didn't sit on it. Well although I might sit on a little later when I put my skirt on but I didn't sit on it
Anyway, but I mean the lunacy of somebody trying to connect teenagers committing suicide because they're gay
With the jokes that I make on the air. I mean, that's just really reaching just a little bit
No, we all know it's your fault. Of course. Yeah, of course just just like the people who made drown in the
Wherever they are because somebody's listening to the show on a boat. Right?
Have a great life. Thank you
146 at WIOD and our hysterical south Florida community where it's never
I thought today man the day after that victory on Saturday
I thought this is gonna be one of the greatest days in history of the human race
I came into this godforsaken radio station and within 30 seconds
I wanted to blow my brains out and then cost for it came in here
We had a good time with Bill
But he also seemed like he was on the wild side today like he was on a moon the moon man
And then I started opening up the mail
But the good news is up for Camilo's house now
107,000 we got another couple of barriers crossed today
107,000 141 dollars and that's not cheesecake. Okay, we'll be right back
Failed people and ratoes 149 at WIOD a mobile in Miami. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay. I was thinking about your letter
You know what it is it's jealousy
You have in Wayne Arnold's which I just came from about half hour ago
Hey
Pictures of yourself up on the wall and how many did he have done?
Got a herd, you know, I'm saying
Who is that the guy to send to the letter from guard? Oh Charlie peak
He doesn't even his name is anymore written on the outside but a bathroom. Yeah, that's true. And you have a picture? Well, maybe we could do change that
But yeah, you know we could like maybe every one of your listeners go into one restroom
You know, let's let's not let's not and say we did okay? Okay. Okay. Is that way you won't get in trouble
We know that you want us to do it. No, we don't I
Can't get you in a little bit of trouble here. No. No. Well, I tried have a great life sir
150 at WIOD Miami. Hello. Yeah, this is Sammy. You guys didn't bash me this week. Okay, Sammy have a nice life, baby
West Palm Beach
Who Alan? Yeah, Alan
unusual
I wanted to keep you calling. I'm sending you a mail today. How come you're like whispering Alan? Is there some special reason?
Are they monitoring your phone? Let me see if the phone
Does that sound any better? No, okay. Sorry about that
Um, what is the market's I'm 30 and a half points. What is it Alan?
Two pieces of mail on a guard father. Okay
One is an article regarding
And it'll leave me one open up the case regarding 1978 when it both was killed after 33 days in office, right?
That all the interest is renewed based on a new grad father's three moves good
That was interesting. I'll maybe that'll get a head next to half a star from concert
That's right and the second thing is I'm sending you a magazine entertainment weekly out unless you get to
Highwood type magazine
Six-page story on Al Pacino and the grad father's great. But you might like that. Thanks. Oh, okay. Bye. Bye. Bye
West with just a West Palm Beach Hollywood. Yeah, I want to congratulate you on the total on Camille's house
Thank you, and I'm proud to say I'm part of that total
But I wanted to say something about the game this weekend
Good game, but that referee should have kept a flag in his pocket. Come on. That wasn't holding
Let's go to Miramar. Hello. How you doing? Okay, you know don't let those guys get you
You know you're doing them a favor
Even talking about the damn letter. Let them go to hell don't give them any publicity
No, I I'm not giving them any publicity, but I think that when people try to
Intimidate people I think that they should be exposed for what they're trying to do because a lot of these groups
We're out around trying to pass themselves off as being great guardians of minorities and guardians of people's rights
And all they're really trying to do is uh is take away people's rights
Well, yeah, that's true, but you give it a big time. They don't like my sense of humor. It's too bad, okay? Yeah, forget them. Listen to uh
The rugby the rugby players had a bumper sticker that was really neat
And now I think it applies to the Miami dolphins
It said that uh
Rugby players have leather balls and I've got more respect with Miami dolphins that I've had and many many many years
I'm gonna go get
My season tickets like you did good for you because they just demonstrated they don't care
About dirty in the uniforms. They're caught there. They're contracts with everything. They're out there
Bangin heads and it's a pleasure pleasure to hear them and see them or whatever and the fact that there is ever an empty seat in that stadium is really
It's a commentary on this community. It sure is hell isn't a comment on it on that team or on the coach. Hey one other thing
When you're not on the air or whatever I'd ride the over at 2 a.m
I listen to once in a while. He's gonna play a song fight for him on about seven pretty little angelized
He says that betcha favorite song. Yeah, but I like listening to it when I can hear it
You know, and that's on a.m. And it's like
I get a little nervous
But tell him I appreciate the sentiment have a good look. Okay 153 at W.I.O.D. Boys strange assortment this hour. Let's go to Kendall
Yeah, hi my name's Ty on the first time caller. Hi Ty how are you?
I've got working on a new alignment here for the for the dolphins. Maybe we can get a sellout
Maybe maybe you can give me some points here
I'm gonna I've worked on a line here and this is this is neat. I got Dwight Lawler Daily on it fullback
Tom Randall at halfback
Huh? Campbell Marshall. Why now
Let's go to the mobile in West Palm Beach. Hi Neil. You talking so much for what you're gonna make when he'll angry. Uh-huh
Please don't talk so much for okay. Put you up will you sir?
Davie
Hi Neil. Yes. I was at that game on Saturday
I tell you the response we're getting about at this hour on a scale of zero
But what I guess to be expected in this time. I know um I just couldn't contain myself
I had to call you. I know we're gonna whip off from the rear. I mean after that incredible win
All these calls we got after the hurricanes embarrassed but all these people arguing and denying and screaming about it
We could have we could have gone on with a marathon and had three days solid without an empty line
And here we have this incredible victory and just an unbelievable experience on Saturday
And I'm listening to a mishmash of puke on the phone
Yeah
Okay, we're going to the Super Bowl. Well, I don't know if we are I don't know if we are or not
But regardless of what happens from here on in they are just incredible. It's incredible. Thank you honey
Okay
They deserve a lot better than this town. I'll tell you that in fact
I think there are more people than just the dolphins who deserve better, but that's just my own opinion
155 at WIOD
What is that mobile is that a new one?
Hello
Hello
Yeah
Okay, one word of that was another good cellular phone one word you noticed and it just blasted off the face of the map
Get a new phone pal. Well, yeah, butchup bokeh
Okay
Davy good afternoon. Yeah, sir. How you doing? How's boys? You cut the Roseanne bar special HBO?
No, I'm somehow managed to miss that. Oh boy. You oh is unbelievable. It was so much
I shouldn't have been called to Tom Irons special because he was on more times than she was. Yeah every 20 minutes he came out
Why were you watching? Well, I can see how bad it was. I wanted to see the phone in the uh
I guess across the US
Phone in to say how nice she was. Yeah, not one negative call. It was be bad. I tried to do my bit
But I guess it was green couldn't have been screen cut it. I don't think so. I was funny
That's where the president the Salt Lake City chapter of a fan club called in. I just have that's what they got true
Which pretty weird anyway, I'd like to say um Quacho and uh
Thanks for the commonsense. Okay
Wow this hour. Where's concert when we need him, huh? Or is he responsible for this? Thanks a lot Bill
mobile
Boy oh boy oh boy mobile on the songgrass. Yeah, how are you doing? Uh good question
This is my first call I've been listening to you for years and years even when I moved out of town and I'm a risk and fan
And I've been a season ticket up hold her up there and last year I moved back down here and got my dolphin tickets
So I'm uh, I'm I believe you what I like to watch football live is something about it
one of the problems with uh
Joe Robby when I first got there it seemed like they couldn't get the stadium to rock at all
Okay, they got this temporary bleachers and it gets loud and now it seems like people are
Are banging on the season for them and it's really starting to rock and it's uh it was a great game this week
Yeah, they finally woke up. Yeah somebody finally gave him the wake up call. I'm glad and uh by the way I love your show
I left my lap every day when I'm driving around and uh it's good talking to you. Thanks a lot
Okay, well we had one or two real people to shower not too many 157 at W I O D
You got Miami on there, but they line-in even lit Hollywood
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I am I'm a first time caller
I've been listening to you show for a couple months now from the York and I got to say your 10 times
Better than how it's turned number one. Well, I want 10 times his paycheck. How's that?
So okay, I can understand that. I want to just take one times his paycheck
One time, huh? Let me uh ask you something. Uh you seem to go out for a part three obviously right twice
All right twice now I seen it uh
Offering when it open Christmas and
I think the ending of the movie the very end was one of the most ridiculous endings I've ever seen
Do you agree with that? No, why is that
Because uh, you know his daughter gets
You know at the opera. I don't want to give the movie away. Yeah, but uh at the very end
I mean he's just sitting I guess it's in Corleone, Sicily. Yeah years later. Yeah. I mean years later
He looks like he's 90 years old. Yeah, and he just kills over
I mean and that's how they ended a movie that just does not make any sense. Do you think there's gonna be a part four? Oh, yeah
I sure hope so with Andy Garcia's godfather
Well, yeah, I know he took over the family and everything but
They just had Michael call the old left man. He's gone. He's out of it now
Now we got somebody who's still alive and uh maybe Michael can be the uh south Florida godfather like for century village
For century village
Okay, in other words, uh he may be dead
But like a lot of the people in south Florida who also have been dead for 10 15 20 years
He can like be the head of their family
Anyway, have a great day and god only needs uh knows you need to dry out a lot of you
It's just been unbelievable today
We got Rick and pod coming along after the news at two this evening
We have what ought to be a massive celebration on sports talk at 605. Good over their night at bootles
Mr Weaver will be there. Mr Zagaki
Mark Dennis of the dolphins will be there. It should be incredible and Hank Goldberg coming up
Do we know who Hank's guest is gonna be? Do we know anything today?
Boy you talk you want to think that yesterday was New Year's Day or something wouldn't you?
Talk about I hate to break the news to all the folks around here burn radio land the holidays are over
I know it's difficult to face
It's been exciting. It's been great
But time to face the cruel harsh world again come back to work get your act together
Is this a little slower or something would you agree? This is a little bit
I think by like the 15th of July these people are finally gonna wait
1991 maybe we better get back in the office and get to work right
Have a great life the book comes out tomorrow. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610
WIO then
what
Hey
A legend in a lifetime made it feel like one life's life
So fit a playboy ready any baby
Proof he go adventure out the front of adventure
Do you think we have to go inside and in your fist
Think of like a fine assumption you'll be right
I think pussy of a friend to make a like a fan
What do you think that she's got to do?
We have to go out
Wow, we have to think of she's got to do real it
What do you think we have to go?
We have to go out
What do you think we have to go?
We have to go out
To be fruity, LA
To be fruity, LA
To be fruity, LA
To be fruity, LA
Okay, wait a minute, hold on a second
Hold it, hold it, hold the music
W-I-O-D
Yeah, how you doing Neil?
Okay, you have a drum roll
Wait a minute
Okay
Alice just made the announcement
It's a guy from me but he did say what do you want me to admit?
You want me to tell you that I'm gay?
Okay, I'm gay
Wow, better now
And that just happened like five minutes ago
Wait a minute, was this like kind of on a sperm of a sperm at the moment?
It's a sperm at the moment, you got it
Wow, in other words it wasn't contrived are you sure of that?
Positive
It was having an argument with a caller
Yeah
And he said to the caller, well maybe you'll just feel better if I tell you that I'm gay
Yeah, would that make you feel better?
Yeah, and the caller said yes, okay
Well I met you Steve is beaming from ear to ear to that
As soon as he made the announcement, Steve is now on with him
Steve is in the studio
Oh man, what an emotional moment ladies and gentlemen
Pardon me, there's not a dry eye in the house, oh my god
It's a rare day in Broward
Better late than never is what I would say about that, wow
Very right Neil
Incredible, thank you sir
You're very welcome
You were strange on his even later
Soon it would end up the pound
Or on a bonfire, triangle with a run-tie
Must have been a strange on his even later
What a way to go
Boy, I'm speechless aren't you
Man, I don't know if this screen will read that planting
Miami Beach
Hello
Yes sir, yeah it would mean Neil
I'm with you
Well I don't want to tell you, I just presented that last woman from home today
I'm birthday ball, I'm on vacates down here for my 30th 30th year
And I'm of course I'm from the coal city
A Buffalo, New York
They last woman they call from home so don't call them
Send her back to Chiquitawaga sir
Pardon?
Send her to Chiquitawaga
Send her to North Taanawanda
I'm from Chiquitawaga
Send her to Lacawana
Send her to the pew and James Town
Neil, I'm a day, you got a great show
Amen, I'm across the bay from you
Okay, well we're going to
What?
Where are you from?
From Rochester, Surah Real City with class and culture
I'll go along with it, I'll go along with it
I'm from really deputing New York
Okay, well we can, we can tell
Thank you pal
I don't know about the bench, I don't listen to the alley listen
But I'll tell you something, that woman up there to say that people are stupid
They don't have to buy tickets to the game, you want to take it to the game?
The Miami Acarsia too and I just talked about an hour ago, the Buffalo too
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
Hope you use this item made into nehmen and sharpened into jukeboxes, and sharpened to sharpened to Garden Breath, and sharpen, but not a Doctor
only bit on this right that theyoriko masked machines fan is pared and done with my chest, and dive into it onto
yeah well i know i was my favorite
oh i think it's his originality
oh definitely well you know
not everybody can take a song and make a song out of a song that was already a
song while shaping their eyebrows and
let's see hammer
exactly
but that
you know when you had that record we will go from s p k
mr glass
yeah well i was just waiting i was just hoping you return to the guy and go you
know
he sold sure he sold like millions of out and and he went number one and all
but he still thought
i asked him about that that in the uh... mc hammer deal you know he can have
skated around that
suds did get his own phone number every night he calls with so
good
rob
very good
alright that's it
alright thanks for the call
