uh... one of seven of the w i would be
what's in the thing here
john fineberg from first-class travel is a wonderful guy in general the
opinion he has
just came in and gave me my official and land of brave cap the black ones with
the world series cap
autographed by jota re
and it says to niel
up yours now says that john says you're the greatest sincerely jota rewee
i'd never like to go but thanks
and here's uh...
i'll get to the other stuff a minute john
leave me alone
and look what just came in a envelope here
from uh... who begins pub and oyster bar ninety five fifty five south
dixie highway in south maya is
oh boy envelope inside is a uh... oh it's uh... it's a uh... what would you
call this
and it's a time of the way what is uh...
or other
no it's not for more but like for more it's like cheaper than that
but it's a uh... for more time of
who look at what happens if you hold it this way
but anyway
that looks like the state of florida
but anyway it says uh... today's
bribes we just received the official land of brave world series time out
of these are the ones they give away at the uh... at the stadium
will be giving these away free tonight starting at the end of all huligan's
locations until they're gone
yes we support the cardiac brave thank you for consideration
j
something boy you got j love
jay uh... louis i don't know what says i can't read your hand right in j
but thanks again
so anyway uh... you go out there watch the game in huligan's a get bombed
and you won't see all the braves getting picked off base and making stupid
but a bonehead plays
and uh... they'll still win the game
and they're given these away free at all huligan starting at a clock till
or go on either official uh... styrofoam that's what i was looking for but
that's not right either hysteria for missal of the what is it
it is from rubber
well if you
squeeze it look what happens
but anyway uh... that's great thank you so much i got my braves cap i got my
time i'll come to my chop i'm chopping it and also j
so anyway john a fine bird from first-class travel they still have they have
tickets
for tonight's world series game in Atlanta believe it or not the first-class
travel
and you can still catch a flight out of here
yeah there's flights out here there's one at four and there's one at
i think six to Atlanta
so there's anybody interested they can make a deal for each of the tickets to
get into the ballgame tonight if you got that last minute world series
fever call for four three three thousand
for four three three thousand and uh... they'll fix you up fix you up
he also let me a hazel not in city want to make a crack it
on the air i got his for a john i bust them on the air every day for four hours
here from ten to two i don't need to bust any yours
how the hell would you crack that anyway i'm not into cracking that's on the
year
ten after one of the wio d here's a lady in four-letter ill-beach
hi calling about the lottery tickets yes
up north called and and they wanted three hundred of you could have made some
serious money
now now i've said
i have to be in line all day i went around a corner and only took about three
and four
minutes to most
yet three hundred of really and it wasn't one person in line
well we won't say where it was though because then it'll spoil it if you want
to go back
and now it's just a down here on the beach
it's not as packed everywhere that you want to go right
like all the people right but you know the best places to go are not convenient
stores
in fact when i bought them last year i bought them at a shop it's kind of like a
stationary and gift shop yeah and they had little logo that we sell lottery
tickets on the window but most people don't know it
you go in there and there's nobody in there right
exactly right
all you bring
what a genius huh
yes it is
okay well i hope you win
just remember me if somebody in the
i'm not a lot of
well just tell them to remember us
i will okay
thanks
so i have to want to w i look at that three open lines on the board in the
midst of all this frenzy man i don't know i don't you see we're going into one
direction and these people are all going in the other direction we're going
north they're going south
here's a lady in lighthouse point
hello mr. ratham
hi i don't have anything in common
with football or baseball
but i want to tell you this
yes you have a heart
is take a zardo no one because you tell it like it is right
that about a person
yes ma'am when it comes to the police
you know just because they were a bad
and i have a god you know that's
thought they still put their pantalouties on one leg at a time
that's right right you know what makes me say this
uh there was an accident the other day
yeah and uh i stopped to look
and one of the tall you know turned around and asked me what the hell was i looking at
i mean damn it this free country you should have uh flip one finger up in a
ear and said look at this douchebag that's what you should have done but it's a good thing
you didn't because you'd probably be on the inside right now right and i have three small
children i don't need it but honey you are what's happening i am thank you dear
and thank you have a great life
you too 12 minutes after one wasn't she wonderful let's talk about a wonderful thing that's
happening well listen before we talk about friday tomorrow night at pompino park and readers
crown tonight they got a great card with two great stakes races there's a three year old
filly stake in the seventh race with closing spot on the rail with john hogan and then a great two
year old cult stake with a forty one thousand dollar person the ninth race featuring uh get
along us in there look out for barber hall and gold signate and uh peter fellah and pj's bobby
socks and uh nice field in there too so that's kind of like to wet your appetite for tomorrow
the biggest night of the year in harness racing anywhere at pompino park the nearly three
million dollars in purses eight outstanding races championship races with the best two and three
year old trotters and pacers in the world all at pompino park tomorrow don't forget early post
time tomorrow night seven p.m. also the pick eight which you can bet tonight when you go out to
pompino you can advance bet on the pick eight which is all the eight readers crown events starting
in the fourth race and you've got i mean all of the top horses are going to be out there you're going
to have die laughing in arts place and miss easy and uh some outstanding two year old you got cook
out with the beret linstead who had such a fantastic elimination victory last week in 156 and three
and you've got mr. chin with sonny paterson and the jack moisef has got eight or six out of the
eight he's got drives in so if you're looking for a price he's got some uh great you know jack he's
always going to sneak one in there somatic with tomay houton and the summer child with richie
silverman and ghostly and of course like i said before in the tenth race that two year old colton
gilding pace direct flight with ronnie pierce who's one eight in a row digger almerist with
dog brown sports master ronnie wapel scooters boy with nor mcdite you've got john Campbell and
michael chants and jack moisef and uh cat manzy and all the top names in the sport are here together for
the biggest night of the year tomorrow night so if you go only one night a year look at that joa
damskies even here if you go one night out of the year to harness racing even if you're not a regular
fan this is the night tomorrow night don't forget early post time seven p.m. we got the pick eight
on all the eight breeders crown events it says good as it gets i mean this is going to be a night so
exciting that you're going to kick yourself if you miss it well look for it tomorrow night for
breeders crown and every night Wednesday through Saturday regular post seven thirty but don't
forget tomorrow night early posted seven p.m. at poppano park hi this is funny fox i listen to
a roger's cuz i can hear the word asshole
in that book i made it clear
the magic fun what's other men is where i see it
the magic fun at roger doll triad sometimes stand
the magic fun i like his walk and i like his hair
the magic fun i watch his teens when he struts the magic fun i just love his magic fun
the magic fun when we're on tour i just hope the magic fun he'll lose his grip and drop the soul
the magic fun i see you
i see you
the magic fun magic fun magic fun magic fun
once seventeen at w.w.w we're so excited about breeders crown night tomorrow night at poppano park
that we even flew in tom durkin special don't do a little uh blow by blow a race call from
kathy willow's house one final acceleration
thank you tom you're always up for it let's go to a deer field hello
hey there's rises to the occasion yes sir i got a couple things about the sammy deal
yeah first off i see that last night i think what channel for did was a sham but um people
got to realize that there is a uh there's some point to missing it first off he is a professional
football player yes and secondly that it i mean i don't want to say it's only a game
because it's only a game because i'm into the series hey brave but let's not forget it
we're not we're not talking something like a major catastrophe here they lost the football game
right i agree with the first call the other call it says the game wasn't done in one play
and to basimon um one eighteen at w.w.w.w.
d you know they don't seem to understand that it matter where it pops up in a conversation
it doesn't get on the air so just you know you wasted the previous 40 seconds but have a nice life
okay punk slime ball hope somebody comes over to your house with a coke bottle and gouges your
nose out so you look just like a laneette tour the skirt on north maimmy hello hello niel how you
doing okay listen to i have been watching channel four was sagrado and uh he's definitely a major
induced bag twice this week he's crying and crying and about caring about people's feelings let
me ask you something when he came here didn't want to sign did he care about the fans feelings
when he held him up for big bucks they drafted him in and give a crap about anybody's feelings all
he wanted was uh hey give me the big bucks and i'll sign on the line man give me the money give me
the right you bet but uh i mean it's twice this week he's the he's please put this thing on with you
with the radio shows you show you you know the radio with your name on it and you know wait a
mile you sing that sagrado put the piece on twice on his on his sports i mean the sports is only
three or four minutes long showing some sports not about this exactly exactly what i mean how much
do we see did he have any peace on the breeders crown this week at all oh man now i'm going to go
nuts it's not bad enough we know zagaki and mandature never going to put anything on because they
know nothing about it they don't give a crap right except what they you know are interested in
which is strictly a one-dimensional but i mean here's the guy who's supposed to be the only time
Tony sagrado ever really got interested in the harness racing with the couple years he drove in
the media race and we had to see himself promote showing him driving in a media race and he's out
there at pompadopark but unless they're promoting themselves and tuning their own horn and
tuning something then they won't give anybody any publicity and it sucks and you talk about bush
league that's bush league Tony okay i don't know what i'm like a mimey girl who's getting worse
than uh channel seven or channel four what do you want channel six right i want six a lot yeah
yeah because i'm all the way in campbell camera comes out and do the sports though my picture
starts wavering a little bit but i mean it's good sports anchors and talent on tv who are they
that's what i want to know i don't know i wish they the gaki man did sagrado good to port of my
mme and i take a boat somewhere we're not picking on you hank we don't consider you and hank
all right we'll meet thanks a great guy hank is a great guy i mean he and i disagree in a lot of
things we have our go around but i i like hank even though he thinks i hate him like boys and i
think hanks a super guy i'm a big hank goldberg fan but sometimes he just full of crap and he gets
upset yeah well and sometimes i'm full of crap and he gets upset and then it's usually him
oh he's usually right okay have a great day thank you well okay i like hank a lot
spider what he thinks well he thinks that i the reason hank gets upset with me is because manny
comes in here and gets him all but you notice how psychotic manny is manny used to be a great kid he
was a group he used to come running around zeta and hang around to be a pain in the ass then all
of a sunny decided he wanted to get into the business stick his nose and he's like it was bored
off and then all of a sudden he's hot shot producer and and now all of a sudden the uh since gray line
started working here i noticed the uh there was a side kind of a simultaneous reaction when grave
lines started doing Saturday mornings on weekend um what do they call that show oh that's right and
since then manny just hasn't been the same he's been all psychotic and been out of shape so to speak
21 after one at wiod read the biggest movies all the time at peaches florida's original music and
video superstar i bet you get sick and tired of going to your local video rental store and never
finding the movie you want to rent they got 80 billion movies and the one you want never there well
it peaches you'll always find the movie you're looking for it's got to be that's right peaches
guarantees the top 40 movies are always available or when it does come in for the rentals free how
do you like that now on video cassette from live home video the doors directed by three time oscar
winning filmmaker Oliver stone val kilmer stars as legendary jim morison the sixties king of crock
high priest of excess and god of love the man with the power to shape a new generation
rolling stone magazine calls the doors a thrilling assault of the senses
experience the music the magic the excitement etc and uh just fall on your ass from carol co home
video exclusively distributed by live home video waiting for you to peaches near you so stop by
peaches and plantation on university drive and the fountain shops uh abventura and this game pull
of art and of course four lotter day on sunrise pull of art the original peaches where we'll be
doing our show a week from tomorrow next Friday
i'll see you tonight at five six hundred eleven
god
and oh she took the news into her own hands
what are you going to do with me when i get through with you there won't be enough of you
left to make a good suitcase or done all and oh starring and visual also starring carol
weather is a toy cluttered meal and don not that don't know there's a stationary car
at home with a midwear and bow she's three rows of new and oh coming to
126 at wiod homestead hello homestead hello from homestead yeah i have two things for you
neil okay uh the other day i was uh driving up uh i went up to say an augustine and uh you were
trying to think of the group that did the uh solbal routine the solbal yeah but it was a comedy
takeoff on a uh news report for the solbal uh anyway it was done by Hudson and Landry
if you remember them the solbal yeah something are we played no you didn't play it some color it
uh mentioned it way of some color i didn't know what it was i still don't know what it is okay well
if you got any Hudson and Landry comedy record no don't have it it's pretty good
of course you got somebody to call it and the other thing is the young lady that you have the
cart of that says uh you guys are the greatest right sandy sandy exactly uh she has the most
incredible voice i've ever heard and i would like to give her my phone number well i don't think
Bobby would be too happy about that he's her husband i think he'd probably be uh well i didn't
know she had a hug he does happen to be very attractive though and spider the fact a lot of
the audience hate her like poison she happens to be very very nice looking yeah but i did i
didn't know that and so his Bobby is a matter of fact they're a ravishing couple so maybe they'll
let's just stay in a closet and take pictures oh well yeah what can i say but anyway that's
that's what i wanted to call about okay well put your on the list thank you buddy see you 128 at
610 wio do you a lot of horny guys out there the market is down 25 points we don't want you to get
nervous we don't want you to panic there's no reason i mean car dealerships are closing up like
it's going out of style and retail business are going out of business and uh people are unemployed
and the Indians are riding in front of the uh stadium in Atlanta but uh
that's nice all right but don't panic okay because it's going to get a lot better that's what they
say in Washington Kendall hi Neil hi why are you always so rude huh why am i rude is this the uh
what what are you always calling back from yesterday yeah oh this is the bitch from yesterday
yeah is that all you know i hope that some well how come you're still listening today if we're so
rude how come you are still listening today bitch if i'm so rude you don't like to show you bag
i hope that somebody takes and puts 45 pounds of glycerin in your animal bag okay douche bag
i hope you take a barium animal the size of Montana and that 75 000 rodents come screaming out of
your rat infested body but you know what have a nice day 129 at wio d that's the a bitch from yesterday
and was i right was i right about her boy can i spot a bitch from a mile away or what
scum sucking bitch
hey listen the truth she'll set you free and we want to be free 129 at wio d you're a
week for the 90s station bokeh hello how do you like her sir what up yet yeah incredible
unbelievable the worst you'd like to wake up next to that every morning sir no thanks boy talk about
suicide inducing you know so anyway moving along uh i'm just calling to confirm that secret
report yeah you was on a noon crying again today again a live report oh she's got a mighty give it a
rest i i think it's about time for the public to start demanding that we stop with this crap and
get out with some real business and stop annoying the fans and dividing the public and the team
and get back to the business of buying lottery tickets in the life and living oh yeah all he's got
to you know we got the world series we got the breeders crown tomorrow we got all kinds of
important stuff we got the breeders cups uh a week from Saturday all this big sporting stuff come
over and all he can keep talking to try to talk about his sammy sammy sammy sammy sammy and we got to
feel sorry and cry and get out the crying towel what is wrong with this man all it was was this man
has so much class in this team has so much class oh he's full of crap these are guys that are sitting
there on a radio on this station and others telling us if we don't if we want a boo to stay home that's
class if you don't like it stay home what kind of class is that no class exactly let me ask you
something right why is manage on sports talk instead of sunny harsh which used to be on sports talk
good question i had the answer to that manage that's a pompous ad at least sonny's got a sense of humor
you know it's sunny understands it's just a ballgame then take it also seriously what was the story behind
Joe Rose used to be on that non-mustation on sports talk I like Joe Rose and Joe Rose is over on
QAM now and I like Joe Rose on the air Joe Rose is a hell of a guy and it was a good player and I think
Joe is excellent on the air and I wish we had him here on i.o.d i think Joe Rose does one hell of a job
he tells it like it is yes sir that's probably why he was fired that's why he's not here because he's
not a paid shield like our guys all right go twin okay good luck to you you'll need it
I mean I think it's about time to drop it Tony and grow up already
on on
today oh yesterday the playoff is the same so far away thanks to sammy now there is no way
oh yesterday so grow your name why you
oh
when you pay for go away
oh
time is now I love for crying so
shame yes today
I will say this even though it happened way back on Sunday there is one problem with thoughts
takes forever to get that taste and smell out of your system exactly Henry I couldn't
have said it better myself I'm trying to forget about it that's why I'm holding on my my
Tomahawk here all the way I think George told me I'm hanging on to the wrong end here
anyway it's 133 at wiod well hey listen at this point of my life anything
uh pemberk pines hello hey the olive life treatment oh not bad not bad for a guy
I think I'm gonna find me amongst the satellite people next week great yeah outstanding boy you
are gonna call and just uh tell us that you're going nuts if you have time to call after that
that's it everybody says you love bags in the yards watching tv all night well we've heard from
a couple of bags today so what's one more right yeah like that one I called if she calls
ago the bitch from kennel isn't she something oh she's p.m. all upset he's all bad out of shape and I'm
rude I do this but the meantime she's listening every day now she's calling every day I do
want to miss a second just to express her disgust with the world everybody and let us realize
what a crawling piece of slime she is yeah that uh that guy blow a grits on that card is the best
card I've heard a while yeah oh man you get the chunks at the ground in that one well listen when
you have a bad bowl of grits there gotta come out somewhere that's it all right Neil well I'll
tell you what's that like next week you should be good okay now you got you get this satellite weekly
magazine yet not yeah but I will you got the number oh yeah yeah okay I'm telling you if you
want to really enjoy your dish get the magazine and of course you're gonna have to explore around
because there's a lot of stuff that's not listed in there yeah and the best part is not be able to
call store and tell them where the sundale shine exactly tell them thanks but no thanks that's it okay
enjoy see you 134 w.w.o.d grits I didn't know for sure that that was grits but it sounds like it
it could be it might be it could be we'll check it out we're checking a lot of things out too like
Tony sigredo and plan our show on here what is Tony doing try to manipulate and use this show to
gain some popularity on there because channel four is lagging ratings on the news couldn't be doing
that could you Tony you couldn't be manipulating and exploiting the situation could you Tony by
using this stuff on here and try to make a little soap opera out of it while pretending so
desperately about the Sammy this and Sammy that and what a class act because it seems to me that
by your abhorrent behavior you're perpetuating the hysteria just what it seemed to have been coming
down and people are finally getting their ass together say out Sammy I'm sorry what's his name
Tony same different boy 25 till two at w.w.w.o.d to kick off the if no that's true i.o.d we have
an abortive convention there oh that's right we have barvin must be down there with them right oh
boy I close the show if you're sucker round long enough you might put some freebies okay that is
just uh he should be in raffer not a key west anybody gets a hold of Marvin down there by the way
fix him good 21 till two at w.w.w.w.d. Rick and suds live from key west during fantasy
fifth the thaftonoon and tomorrow afternoon ought to be great here's a lady in homestead hello
yeah i just want a lady in a lady in homestead eight times a day song what eight times are you a lady
in homestead no well it says lady in homestead i says here the lady in homestead and you said yeah
that's not i mean it's wanting to be agreeable but it's not the thing to go a little get overboard
obviously they got it wrong well hey maybe just uh maybe you're a member of now
uh what national organization of uh truck drivers yeah well i want to hear that can't
he will with song eight times a day you do yeah i haven't heard it in two weeks well i got news for
you're gonna hear it today all right because you sound like a great american to me right okay
hey he was uh very nice and i said a lady and he agreed he was just agreeable here's a lady in
hollywood and it is a lady i guess yes it is okay nail i'm trying to think and you know everything about
sports uh they six days like sixty one 18 sixties or seventeen sixty 1860 civil war
Abe Lincoln John Wilkes Booth okay andrew Johnson okay sixties okay um young man that
announced sports in new garq his first name filmazer filmazer
huh no man is Alan Burke no his name was Bertram Bertram Bertram Bertram Bertram Bertrand Russell
Bert uh the father on the space that's the squirt huh i have no idea nobody cares
well okay everybody somebody somebody will call in don't feel the ejected somebody will call
them and tell well somebody will call in but if i hang on here i don't know the i'm not from
New York so i don't know okay thank you somebody will call in trust me keep your ear glued to that speaker
i thank you okay okay here's the right way god living in the past living in the past god
one forty one at six ten w i o d world series game number five at eight oh five tonight
we got Ronnie Waples a not to mention our own like wally henna c a and kevin walis and porcupine
i think we had to do something for them cheers and a few cheers for seventy five years coming up
to nation wide that's all versus grand fear when the clock cursed molars and a whole lot more
the nineteen ninety one ninety two season premiere between the luxury alternatians and the Toronto
Maple Leaf set to coming back gales the defense with them for the Maple Leafs he goes to the right
side marbino for checking but far get the past to center and lose up get away from it
all right coming for that hard center let's go far we'll pull the ball by the victory we take off our
fortyth season of most in hockey night in Canada on cvc from the fourth material
most in the hockey night in Canada on tvc
enjoy husband
okay
by forward of
flesh and imperial
and by Arthur was so scared and in period order.
Hello Canada and hockey fans of the United States and Houston lands
and I'd like to make hello to Canadian servicemen over safe.
You are your way, you're that's all.
Yeah, and the question for the A is will the Leafs ever win another game?
Unlikely. Okay, now I feel better. 146, that's another thing you'll ever hear about in this time because they know nothing about it.
146 at WIOD, Paul's hair and nails on the water next to shooters and the intercostal mall will do a tremendous job.
Cutting your hair, making you look almost human.
And right now Paul wants you to try his services by offering you because he knows that money is tighter than a drum, than a snare drum offering you a half price on a haircut for all our neelies out there.
Just 10 bucks for guys, 12 54 ladies.
And at Paul's you're not going to get these little punky kids that just came out of hair cutting school that are like 10 years old.
They are really guys who have had years of experience experience stylists to give you full consultation to a great job whether you want a full cut or just a little trim.
They won't rush you in and out like those quick cut, quick cut places. So come by boat or car to Paul's hair and nails.
They're open seven days a week on a weekend. You need an appointment 949-9701. 949-9701.
You'll find them right between Ruth's Chris and shooters on the intercostal and the 163rd street to thing in the intercostal mall actually in North Miami Beach called 949-9701.
And be sure and mention my name for a half price special at Paul's hair and nails.
And 147 maybe a Steve Ziegler is going to go over there and get his cut. 147 at WIOD.
Paul is here and although leaves don't fall at Zin Mazda, prices do.
Prices are falling at Zin Mazda, a brand new 1991 Mazda B2200 LE pickup loaded.
Includes AC, Claude Seed's Chrome wheels and more just 79.95.
It's Fall Savings at Zin Mazda, a new 1992 Mazda 3.23 with AC, only 79.95.
And check out the sleek stylish 91 Mazda Miata.
Fall price at just 12.95.
Test drive, the new MX3 sports coupe.
Fall price at Zin Mazda. Test drive, the new 929 luxury sedan.
Fall price at Zin Mazda.
What's more, all Mazda's carry the Zin Mazda 3.50,000 mile warranty.
And if the car you want at the price we advertise isn't it stock?
You'll get the same deal when it comes in.
It's Fall Savings at Zin Mazda, 1810.60 i8 five minutes out of the falls.
Okay, you're in next. This is this game, our edition number 25.
Whenever you're ready.
Hey everybody!
The ship between the local sports riders and sports casters and the dolphin coaches and players.
It disqualifies them as unbiased broadcasters on television.
No objectivity whatsoever.
That's my point on that score.
Now for Tim Robbie, if he ever gets wind of this and out over to Chris Christ's mind,
if he could either get Don Schulat either resign or fire him or request that he resign,
not as a general manager, just as a coach, and then trade Marino Smith in a few more overexpensive players.
Here's trade Marino.
Now hear me out, Neil.
Hear me out.
Trade Marino Smith and a few guys who haven't produced to the other people don't have to do it.
No, wait a minute.
I'm listening.
Okay, but use that money that he's going to save by these changes to go into a rebuilding program.
I think the Fancy tolerate.
Oh no, rebuilding.
Let's face it.
How long has it been since we've been really close to a super ball here?
Wait a minute.
Let me say this to you with all fairness.
Okay.
As media ochre as the offense has been with all the injuries we've had, with all of the Marino have it on off here.
In spite of all of that, we are two series away from being five and three.
First in goal on the three at Detroit, we blew that series and then get the ball in.
And then one play yesterday at the goal line.
Were that much away from being five and three?
Well, like I say, I have to say.
So the idea that we don't have the talent there, we have to just like dump everybody out and start rebuilding.
I think it's ridiculous.
Well, like I say, I don't profess to be a professional fan or a coach or I mean I'm just a frustrated fan as what I am.
And I'm trying to look for ways that maybe we could get some semblance of a contender going on.
But you want to throw the baby out with a huggy's blanket and that's not the way to do it, Steve.
Well, like I said, I don't know.
I think I can make it out there and oh, I heard about it.
The little babies crawling on their hands and knees about two inches at a time.
Well, they're Pennywise.
Well, I will say one of the babies looked pretty ugly.
Might have brought that kid in for that one play, you know what?
Just scrap that ball to his chest.
Well, like I said, maybe I'm Pennywise and pound foolish, but that's my observation.
Well, you've always been thrifty, Steve. Make no mistake about it.
Okay, never great day.
He's too nearby.
127 at WIOD. He's a good guy, just a little cheap.
Jupiter.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
That baby race would have been okay if we would have had a little wadering on it, maybe if I could.
There you go, wait.
Did that numbers on the back?
Numbers on the back.
It's just good.
Went on the whole halftime.
We got little kids crying.
And not only were they not crawling, they weren't even moving.
That was the worst part of it.
The mothers kept, come on, come on, come on.
And they wouldn't even move off the line.
That was bad.
That was really bad.
Well, anyway.
It was a woman of things to come later.
Yeah.
I'm a Washington fan.
I don't want to rub it in anybody's face.
Okay.
We won't talk about Ernest Biner or John Bonner.
That's right.
That's right.
But my point is that if this guy played in Washington, I don't think he would have made it out of the stadium.
I mean, much less just chanting.
Yeah.
These people are really sad.
They're vocal.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I don't understand.
I mean, the guy just totally, I just don't understand these people on the earth.
But all the way on this station, you got to understand there's no objectivity at all, like so many of the callers have said.
You'd be know with guys who are like personal friends and the virtual shules for anything that goes on and they have no credibility.
Mm-hmm.
None.
Well, there was one other comment I wanted to make.
I've gone to a couple of golfing games.
I've been down here about a year now.
And there's a big difference between the Orange Bowl and Joe Robbie.
I'm not patting Tim Robbie or Joe Robbie on the back by any means.
But I would rather, so I think I spent $22 for an Orange Bowl ticket and $28 for this ticket that's...
Right.
Both were in the In-Zone cheap seats.
But I would have rather seen that pathetic game yesterday than see the great hurricane in that stadium.
You know what the fascinates me to show you what a bunch of phonies so many people are in this town.
The Orange Bowl, all I ever do, was... they used to bitch about it and scream and there were no toilets in the sewage.
I mean, everything was a dump and it still is a dump.
And the people used to belly-ache and carry on.
And man, we don't want to come in the Orange Bowl.
And now that we've got one of the finest facilities anywhere in the world, they talk about, oh, Jesus, I enjoy those hurricane games so much better.
Sure they do because they win every goddamn home game.
They play all these girls' schools and they want a 40 or 41 in a row at home.
So they enjoy it all when the girls' schools come in.
Only half the seats are filled in the Orange Bowl.
The Orange Bowl is a dump. It always was a dump.
And anybody who wants to make a story for the Orange Bowl, how it has...
And that's another thing.
They talk about the Orange Bowl has more character. There's a different atmosphere.
Well, the atmosphere is only created by the people who are in there.
Exactly.
The things that the ones who make the atmosphere...
That's right.
...what kind of crap is that?
That's right.
I would have much rather been at Robby Stadium.
I mean, I took my wife yesterday and she was at the Orange Bowl game that I went to.
I think they played Houston.
And it was kind of a blowout, but this game yesterday as sloppy as it was...
I mean, anybody to pay 19 bucks to go watch the University of Miami beat up on a girl's school.
I mean, they must have, you know, nothing else to do.
Must be boring and they have no life.
That was my point.
Which is why they have 40,000 people.
They're okay, have a good one.
Okay, you too.
So, yeah.
Oh, we have another somewhat celebrity on the phone now.
What has baseball come to when you can just yank the guy off the base and tag him out?
It's come to the three blind mice.
I'll tell you something.
Like, if you slide into second, who's to say the shortstop's not going to come over there?
Kick your ass.
Throw you off the base and tag you out.
I mean, this is getting out of hand.
Well, maybe that maybe we need a little more physical activity in baseball.
Maybe the people who are more, you know, in a hockey and football would enjoy it better.
We have a little more history on it.
A little more physical contact kicking and playing a little more grab ass.
When you talk about covering up for your own, did you hear that umpire up in the stands talking about,
oh, well, he didn't have possession of the bag and all this.
Yeah, we're out.
Possessed this.
I mean, Tommy LaSorta was like, even his comments, I mean, did you take a look at Tommy's face?
I mean, his eyes were popping out of his head for crying out loud.
He couldn't believe it.
As far as Sammy Smith goes.
Yes, sir.
The guy is although he didn't play like it.
He's a professional ball player.
He gets paid.
I think that he should expect the criticism.
And I think he's, if you probably talk to him, he say, hey, man, you know, I mean, he probably doesn't know what he's saying.
I don't know what he's saying, but the guy's getting paid millions of dollars to go out there and perform.
I mean, that's business about how he's got feelings and he was hurt and he was crying and like, hey, that goes with the territory.
That's part of what it's all about.
If you can't, I mean, we don't need to call him a man.
I'm not going to call him a defendant.
I'm not going to get paid.
What about the childish crap with a Zagaki and Mandage and all these other guys?
Just juanile.
About out of control.
Yeah.
But you know, it comes with a territory you got to expect it when you have a bad game.
You're going to get some abuse.
And if he wants to stick up for himself, he can prove it next game.
Right.
And not only that, but let me say this to you.
The first quarter they were all chanting because he wasn't getting anything done on the ground.
We want higs.
We want higs.
And the fact is that in the fourth quarter when he was getting some good running plays off and making five yards, eclipse, seven yards,
the people were enthusiastic.
Nobody in that crowd who's a dolphin fan wants to see Sammy do bad.
See that?
That's the point.
In other words, if he'd go out there the next game and run for 150 yards, people would be ecstatic.
But the fact is that he doesn't get the job done and people have just had it.
Do you remember when nobody is rooting against him?
And you'd get that idea by listening to Manage and these other guys that the people are just making impossible for him to be voting.
They run him to do well.
They want us to score some points.
They want to win.
That's what professional sports is all about.
Do you remember when Shwadeys mishandled a punt?
And then they put him right back in there next play?
For next time he was going to take a punt and he mishandled it again.
I sure do.
And that's basically what we have happening here.
I mean, I understand trying to rebuild somebody's confidence.
Not when a game is underlying.
Not when there's three and a half minutes left in the game.
It's not time for confidence building.
It's time to score that touchdown, stick it in the end zone and win the game.
I think we're about confidence next time.
The Higgs probably would have hit his head on the goalpost if they let him take it.
But you know what I'd like to see?
I'd like to see him go straight through the goddamn line instead of over and just for laughs.
Yeah, that would be nice.
When they opened up a hole there, you could have driven a Mack truck through by the way.
But nobody talks about that.
Have a great day.
134.
At WIOD, I understand we'll get this out of our system today and then we'll just forget about it.
We got to buy next week.
We got no game.
We just talk about the lottery because I'm going to win it.
Nobody is called to give me the information on I-95.
I mean, that's important stuff.
People that are like half the drive and have to commute every day would like to have some idea what the hell's going on.
Does anybody know?
Did we get any call on that?
George?
No?
That's probably because nobody knows.
Except the DOT.
We think the people at the DOT, by the way, make us nauseous and they suck.
Anyway, if your dog food sucks,
if you just keep trying one different brand after another and your dog keeps sticking his nose up in the air and takes a little bite and says,
I forget this.
Are you kidding?
How about trying something that evidently the dogs must love the taste of because my dogs are going nuts over it?
Twenty-two-two at W.I.O.D., North Bay Village.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Neil, a little history on Sammy Smith.
Yes, sir.
Okay. His junior year of college,
he played the University of Miami up in Tallahassee.
Florida State has the lead.
He fumbles it.
Miami takes the ball and Michael Irving scores a touchdown. Miami wins the game.
Oh!
Last year,
I went to Patriots game here on the Thursday night.
Burrito drives him down to field, throws a beautiful pass, Clayton,
who stresses outboarding catches it on the one.
Give it to Sammy.
He fumbles it.
Last week, you saw what happened.
And yesterday, this is another great...
Another chapter.
Yeah, you know.
The thing that gets me is that, you know,
he puts them in there again after what happened last week.
I look at opening day and see Mark Kiggs jump from the like a four-yard line into the end.
Right, right.
You know, the calls that he's been making,
Shula's been making this year isn't bad.
They're unpredictable.
I was sitting in the stands with my friends.
And I could...
You know, we were there saying before the ball was either snapped or the dolphins were going to do offensively.
You know, it's getting prondest.
Right.
It's very bad.
Totally predicted.
And then, you know, we're not going to win another game.
At least we got the two draft picks, but, you know,
it would be nice to see them be competitive for once.
Well, they were competitive yesterday.
I mean, Houston's stuck to join out.
Houston is a lousy...
Houston is a lousy road team,
and they lived up to their billing by being played a lousy game yesterday.
Our defense played well very well.
And we should have won a ball game.
Yep. We should have won.
Not a question not being competitive yesterday.
It's a... or even a line game.
I mean, we're a much better team than a line.
And then we were competitive, but we just blew the big play.
You know, nothing.
When Higgs was in there, you know, he only gained, I believe, was 13 yards.
In five curries, yeah.
Yeah. But in those five curries, he showed me a lot more than Sammy Smith did all day.
Well, the first two, I mean, he had absolutely nowhere to go.
And, you know, nobody would have gotten any yardage out of it.
It was like Sammy in the first quarter, but then he started...
They started opening some little holes, and he made the extra effort.
And got, you know, makes a three or four yard gain out of what could have been a loss.
And they never gave him a chance.
I mean, he curries the ball five times.
We come out for the second half.
And at the beginning of the second half, everything was Sammy.
It was like all Sammy offense.
And I don't know what the hell is Shuva thinking about.
I really don't.
But of course, in this town, you're not supposed to criticize him,
because we keep living in the past, and you can't do that.
And another thing.
You know, he keeps bringing back all these players, like Paul Langford and all these guys, you know, and, you know, he always...
Well, let me ask you something.
How is it possible?
I mean, no, we've had all these injuries.
But how is it possible that he actually took Brian Soche back and put him on a squad
and then after a week or two of total ineptitude had a cut him again?
How is that possible?
I don't know.
What are they thinking about?
You know, and another one that doesn't have any balls is that Tony Martin.
I mean, just last week he proved it when he caught that big pass right before the half.
They ended up in the one.
Yeah.
If you looked at the instant replay, real close, if you look at that instant replay,
he was more worried about getting hit and scoring an end.
Well, Tony's the main thing is no catch at the ball.
That's the main thing.
Yeah, and if that was Clayton behind that, that would have caught that pass.
It would have been six points.
Yeah.
But, you know, just, you know, Sammy Sucks, and I want to call my friend BD who's a Florida State...
142.
What's all that Knaqin going on next door there now all of a sudden?
Man, sounds like the world is coming to an end.
They have another fistfight in production again?
Or did Wendy Bennett read more than four lines from her three by a five card on the coast
and is taking a beating from Fleetwood Mac Groover?
Something's going on next door.
They're going nuts.
Hollywood.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller, long time listener, two out of all the stations you have changed in South Florida.
Yes.
I'm a former soccer fan.
I adopt a football now.
Let me tell you, they complaining about Boeing.
That's for children.
That's for ladies.
In Europe.
In Europe they go out there and kill each other, right?
Italy is not as bad as Scotland or Germany or other countries, right?
You know what they do?
They're real friends.
I mean, professional friends that they mortgage their home to go see a game, you know.
And then they get killed.
I went to see that USA playing it, the World Cup, you know.
I pay $45.00 at the last row.
I almost touched the sky, you know.
I need a binocular to see it.
Right.
So over here they complain $26.28.
That's a bag of peanuts.
Right.
That's a couple of bags of peanuts.
There's also 36 bucks now that you mentioned.
Well, anyway, the real friends, you know, they don't boo.
They wait on the street corner.
I mean it.
I'm done with myself.
With basketball of Rocky tomatoes.
There you go.
Now, these are the mile one.
Then if they get to out that heavy big rocks, you know.
Many, many players are known to be to be sent to the hospital, you know.
Throughout the years, you know.
Well, that'll teach him.
Yeah.
Okay, you have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
I'll read it there.
Now, what the hell is this?
Susie's got a new bunch of rock comedy CDs.
The size of my never-st in here.
Where the hell are all those coming from?
You've been holding back on us, I think.
Just knock that TV off the edge there anyway.
By the way, whatever happens, speaking of wasting money, you know, that thing with the key and the whole bit when the TV set.
No, I understand that, but you talk about wasting money.
Oh, man, this is what a joke.
What a joke.
Right.
Here's a payphone in Palm Bay.
Now, yes, sir.
I'm feeling sick.
Give it.
Hey, I got to go to the next day.
Thank you. I feel better now.
Okay.
Okay.
I wanted to tell you the new solution there for Sammy.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
This is the deal I've been talking about over with the offense.
The offensive line there.
We've all been watching that.
Maybe the longest yard.
Yeah.
With Bert Reynolds.
Uh-huh.
I remember when the offense decided they'd take care of that defensive line.
We're going to put Sammy over on the defensive practice tomorrow.
And we're going to open up the line and let him come in and catch that ball right down there.
Yeah.
Right down there.
I'm just a little distracted because it sounds like they're having World War III next door here on the other side of the wall.
What the hell has been going on over there?
145 at WIOD, a mobile and sunrise.
Now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, you know, unfortunately, the sad thing about it, I think Shoe was going to end up winding up like Tom Landry.
Great coach in his day.
Well, respect.
No, it doesn't know when to hang it up.
Doesn't know when the game is passed him by.
You know, and that's the sad commentary, but he's going to wind up the same damn way.
We could make a song for Don sometimes.
I feel the game is passing me by.
Well, like I said, he's a great coach.
Right.
No question.
Was.
Was.
Was.
Is this the thing?
And he needs to retire and play golf and go fishing and back on what he can treat me.
Exactly.
And have a great life.
That's it.
Okay.
All right, thanks.
Is Mitch Lewis going to change the life next to it at production studio or what?
Man, we haven't had that in a long time.
Well, he probably wants that to the ambiance of just an all around great day.
I see Adam is in here with a big speed speed even grin.
Davey.
I know.
How you doing?
Has anybody given the bill washed fire?
