I'm still here. I almost forgot about you. And I did forget this morning. I turned it on. It was all over with all of it.
Oh no!
Yeah, it was pretty good.
I turned on at 5 to 8, figuring out I get the last bit. And of course I didn't realize that it's...
No commercial.
Yeah, it's no commercial. So they show it in about 40 minutes. So by 20 to 8, the not-slanding pre-feed on a satellite is history.
So I won't spoil it for you.
Was it good?
It was good. It was pretty good. It had a good point.
And he's all of a sudden the senator has got the liver transplant with bacon and onions and he's walking around. He's feeling great.
Yeah, but he's going to get a blow to the belly. You'll see.
He's going to get a wife?
A blow to the belly.
I don't want to get in that.
So, well I'm going to be a cosmic model.
Great.
Yeah, my husband and I are going to come out.
Outstanding. Bring at least two or three grand.
I've never been to the race.
Hank is going to pick us some good winners.
Good, good. I'm bringing my paychecks.
Great.
Okay, listen. We'll send you over to the committals house next week.
Right? Okay.
Have a great night.
You too.
We'll be watching. I won't miss it this week.
I don't miss it and then we'll see you in the morning.
Is our pal on it tonight?
Yeah, he's in it.
Thank God. Like I said, I'll be watching real close.
He's in jeans too.
Like I said. See you tomorrow.
Okay, bye.
By the way, because I know Mr.
Mr. Contrive controversy is certainly listening to this hour,
because Alice has probably got the veterinarian on.
There was a PSA last night on a Channel 7 news about the homeless.
24% of the homeless have jobs.
They're working, but they're not making enough money.
Like a step away from George and his wife.
They're like 24% are working, but don't have enough money to
afford to be able to have a place to live, like even a room.
So all these people who continue coming on the air with the bombs and the generalizations
and all the homeless are in panestation and they're all smarming all over the floor.
You can make all the excuses and you want for not contributing and not helping out.
But people with a brain understand the real reason.
Anyway, Bob Rubin's column is incredible.
I'm going to pick the appropriate time today to read it.
Cains are going to kick their ass.
Oh!
Yeah.
And meantime, let's take a call or two.
We've got some on the board.
We haven't even given the numbers yet.
It's almost like yesterday.
We did have a hospital call or implantation.
And of course, since we do like that contract, we are your number two talk station.
Because we've already got a talk.
Oh, look at that.
The market's down almost 14 points.
We already have the talk leader in town.
The thing that I found really amusing is before they cranked up their 25 watt light bulb,
before they even changed the format, they were running promos.
Hi, this is Norm Kent.
Join me on your talk leader.
What does that mean?
Another one of these ridiculous cliches.
And by the way, Norm, I've got to say this.
I'm coming down 7th Avenue.
I get off the Golden Glades.
I'm coming down this morning.
I punched them up for a couple of minutes.
Who's he talking about?
Me.
That's the one thing.
They ought to call the format.
The station that talks about neo-rodgers all day.
And I'm thinking, gee, I better slow down because I'm losing the signal.
And just as he got to the part where he was making his big challenge and blah, blah, blah.
I couldn't hear it anymore.
So whatever you said, leave it on my answering machine, okay?
And the check is in a mail.
Anyway, 1031 at WIOD, we lost dark and tried the hostile collar there on plantation.
Please call back because we want you to venture spleen for the whole world to hear it.
I'm a bad guy.
I'm nasty.
I'm rotten.
I'm a son of a bitch, et cetera, and so on.
Okay?
I mean, I admit it.
And so is Bob Rubin at Ed Pope.
And everybody else who says or writes something that you don't like that you can't cope with because naturally,
college football is what life is all about.
See, my point really has nothing to do with college football.
It just has to do with the behavior and antics in this whole community.
And there are a lot of people who don't want to understand it because like the people who call sports talk,
most of them are professional jocks nifers anyway.
So no matter what they say, it isn't going to really be relevant because they can't see the deforest for the trees.
And by the way, speaking of deforest,
no, seriously, we talked in the hall this morning.
He loved the show yesterday.
He thought it was hysterical.
Now, see, at least we got one guy in the sports department that's got a good sense of humor who can see deforest for the trees.
Isn't that where that's where they came from?
Well, that thing, isn't it?
He can't see deforest for the trees.
Come on, Jeff.
What's up?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, so far.
Hey, how about the Americans, huh?
Cains are going to cake that ass.
Hey, they've been in the top three of the past five years.
Yeah, that's what counts, pal.
That's all accounts.
Word number one, man.
Word number one.
Yeah.
Could you think the best thing in the country?
You know something I don't know and I don't care.
College football is for pre-pubescent minds.
Okay, it's a fun and games.
Colorado needs five pounds to be to clean up.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Go away, go away, go sniff some jock straps.
Will you fight or bug me?
I'm not going to do that on sports stuff.
That's for the jock sniffers on sports stuff.
This is for adults or people pretending to be adults.
Like Hank.
Hank's great.
He had such a good show last night, but it was really ticking me off
because it was taking up all the time that I wanted to hear.
I don't want to hear what Norman Braeman's got to say.
I mean, he's got Buddy Ryan and the Eagles,
and he's going to tell us about brutality on the field.
Norman, your credibility on that topic is minimal at best, okay?
Mobile.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, how are you?
Great.
Happy New Year, sir.
Man, the same to you.
I was up at the New Science Hall last week, so I'll boon and say it's worth, right?
It's worth, right?
It was great.
He was doing it up there.
Excellent.
What you need to do is get up there and get him a new picture,
so he can take down that picture of you and Mr. Montavani from Lakeland
that is hanging in the front entrance way there.
He's got the bird brain on a wall up there?
Yes, sir.
Man, you're smiling face sitting right next to him there.
Fat face, too, probably.
Those old fat pictures when I was like a cow.
That's not that bad.
One of the things I had a radio accident last night,
I've listened to Mr. Kane for a few minutes just today afternoon
and when I left the office late, it was still on the station
and I turned on the truck and who was on the radio talking to,
whoever it was that was on, I guess about seven, thirty years ago,
but your old pal Gilbert.
All right, oh man.
What a great tour.
Great.
What a radio.
Plenty of, huh?
Thanks, God.
Boy Gilbert, I'm telling you, they're on 24 hours a day.
They're the talk leader, just have a great time, Gilbert, with our blessing.
Lead this.
We're going to send Michael Curly on over there to Kiss his ring.
Have a great day, sir.
Thanks, you too, Neil.
1035 at WIOD.
We have a couple of lines open now, both in Broward amazingly enough.
Listen, we're out of business in Broward now,
so we give the number very sheepishly.
524-9463.
524th veterinarian is in and we'll be right back.
Okay, it's 1039.
I got to pick a horse and call her.
I feel we'll become apoptic and we want to have him in a good mood
for when we come out tomorrow.
So we'll give us a winner.
First race, there is a horse that just jumps off the page at you.
You just cannot refuse.
Mr. Partridge with Bobby Lester.
These are four-year-old maids, wow.
Maiden claiming 10,000.
So these are the cream of the crap.
Cronk.
Mr. Partridge with Bobby Lester.
You know what they say?
There's no bestie in Bobby Lester.
So that's our pick.
Mr. Partridge, in the first, you got to fill its in your hands with him and to bring him home.
Is that a pig report on two?
Hello.
Hello.
Long gone.
Mobile from Green Acres.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I just want to express that I think you're bad for a South Florida sport.
And I think you bring division between the players.
And the fans, you never talk about anything positive about Sandy Smith.
He would go over 850 yards this year.
Right.
He's talking about the Americans.
We've got great teams.
We're winning this year.
And you're a negative, negative, negative.
Thank you.
You're much welcome.
OK.
Some more of radio.
OK.
Have a nice new year.
And it turned out real quick.
So you can hear your voice, sir.
Come on.
You can do it.
OK.
You can let it go now.
1040, 20 to 11 at WIOD.
Mr. Negative, it's only Neil.
It's that bad Neil.
He's the one that's saying all of these things.
Not Bob Rubin and not all these other people.
Eddie Pope.
Even if even the Pope says it.
You got a little credibility to that, right?
That's what Michael Corleone would have said.
There's an open line in date and one in, uh, no, there's not.
And one in Palm Beach, 655, Mr. Negative, 655, shoot the messenger.
We're upset.
Hey, ice column is I see him and I'm not going to be a shield for anybody.
OK.
I love the Dolphin.
And by the way, all you great Dolphin fans, you got till four o'clock this afternoon to go out there and make that game a sell out.
And get it on Channel 10.
So a lot of you can sit on your fan ass Saturday afternoon and watch it for free.
You got till four o'clock.
They gave you a one day extension.
And let's see if you do like they didn't fill it out.
You were they got the one day extension and they sold it out like the tickets were like hot cakes.
Did you see the things that are news last night?
They showed the ice where I saw fat rich waddling around there at one gate.
I'm serious.
There were like three or four people at the ticket gate in the middle of the day.
Was it like around the thing was taking a noon or one o'clock?
There was nobody there.
There's some like cold cakes.
Like lots of balls in Saudi Arabia.
Like Halavar in the Bronx.
Or else springs.
Yeah, Neil, I just call it up after all this upper or above the hurricanes.
I can't believe that they don't think hockey would go over big down here.
Cains are going to kick their ass.
Oh, yeah.
Like Caraba was with you when I think you know rather than put on the office padding, we should maybe get a sport where they can.
Well, you know something maybe it's just.
Maybe it's just as well that we are going to get a hockey team as much as I'd like to have it for selfish reasons because I love hockey.
Because I'll allow say this the game we had the exhibition game with the Kings and the Rangers.
The people who were there, the overwhelming majority of them were, you know, people who understood the game probably most of us from up north.
You know, there were no fights in that game obviously because it was an exhibition game.
Nobody was going to would click injury in an exhibition game and everybody loved it.
We had a great time.
So what I was going to start to say may be wrong, but you've got to understand college football has this Yahoo appeal anyway.
You know what I'm saying?
There's a certain at least in the south.
There's a Yahoo redneck mentality and approach to college football and to the football in general.
Football has more of a Yahoo appeal than say baseball or hockey or basketball and those sports.
Well, I mean, last night I mean I could just picture Jay Leno saying, geez, I went to a, you know, a hockey game and a hurricane football game broke out.
Yeah.
You're pointed about that.
And you know, I mean, then you got to think now we're going to get a baseball team during the hot summer where no one's here.
If they can't sell out a playoff game for the dolphins who make the playoff.
What I comment that is, you notice how all of these great jocks and their fris out there.
They don't want to talk about that. All they want to talk about is I'm a negative guy and I'm a bad divisive force and I saw things that they didn't see and the people on CBS are a bunch of slime balls and Bob Rubin is a douchebag and Eddie Pup should eat the halivan, hell and all that kind of stuff.
Because, you know, we're spoiling their parade. They don't give it to him. How it happened? What happened?
We won. We're great and all of this other crap and arrested the world is laughing at us, you know.
Absolutely. I mean, you know, I listen to the demand is last night and it matter how I got through and I say, well, I wasn't sure the hurricane was playing with good sportsmanship.
And he basically said, what sportsmanship got to do with winning?
Yeah, but he was, listen, let me tell you, I listened to that whole show and he was toying with the audience because when he came on, I'm telling you.
At 705 and at next five minutes, he said what was really on his mind and then he went back to a pacifyingly a jock sniffing a sports talk audience.
Right. When he says that there's no room in the NFL for jerks and that all of that, it wasn't the officials and it wasn't the media. It was all a bunch of crap.
I think that says it very well. I couldn't have said a better or more succinctly myself.
Okay, the other point.
And I also spoke to Mr. Indy, the forest with the trees in the hallway and I got news for you.
But what you're hearing on the air isn't necessarily exactly what all of our mavens think.
Okay. I don't know too many people with an IQ of over three who are defending the barbaric, protest behavior that went on in the name of a football game and people having a good time the other day.
And even the players are saying things. For example, Darren handy senior center says, I feel bad for the coach because he's going to take the heat, but we were just playing football.
He says it might be embarrassing to the university and the coaches, but it's not to the players. We enjoy it. It's like a show.
Right. The other thing I was picking up my wife at work yesterday and I turned on Steve Cain and not only is he picking on the homeless.
Now he says some of them are bringing down more money a week than he is panhandling. We shouldn't feel bad.
We're probably making more money than we are.
Well, listen, maybe we can give him a few baseball cards and make him rich.
Yeah, I'm going to say I hope you're going to order it.
It's your baseball card station ladies and gentlemen from six to ten and two to six. We got baseball card mania.
Well, I touch up knowing this morning. The first thing he's talking about is baseball cards and how ridiculous the prices are.
You know, I've got to be honest with you. Baseball cards are, you know, for about 30 seconds a year I think pretty interesting topic.
Well, I don't know. I have something from when I was a kid, which was probably about twenty.
There you go. Well, listen, get on the homeless.
Well, maybe I should listen because you know, I was a big boss and grew and I was just about all the teams from when I was a kid.
But I heard Steve Cain say that whatever it is, FTL or WDF, whatever it is, they're going to have a little line of cards that printed up of all the just jerky.
Yeah. Didn't that great? I thought I'd buy one and then they can send them over to us and when we do our remotes, we can give them out so people have them.
Right. Because they're definitely be, you know, a couple years from the probably three years, it'll be at least worth ten or twenty cents a minute.
Yeah. I want to get that Rick Ciderman card. Have a great day sir. Thank you.
1045 at WIOD where the natives are restless. Right? Cain's going to take that ass.
Yeah. Okay. 1047 at WIOD. There's one open line and Broward by the way I realize we're up against the gun.
5249463. A giant. Oh, we got a mobile on the star line. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I want to see people that pretend to be an adult once in a while.
Okay. Are you are you a jock sniffer sir? Not particularly the older's offensive. Well, I enjoy sports.
I guess it depends on who is wearing it. Yes. Yeah. I enjoy sports. But you know, with the hurricane deal, it's the same thing like
you get an NFL back who's got a reputation for fumbling. Everybody smacks the balls and just snowballs into a bigger thing.
The hurricane's are not the cleanest team in college football. Well, there is an understatement for the centuries.
But again, I think some of the officials are hair triggered because they know. Or hair brain stuff. Well, that's true.
Yeah. But it's well, let's let's for the sake of argument say that half of the 15 yard of those grotesque penalties were overreaction by those nasty SEC officials who love the gators and who hate us like.
So that leaves four personal files. When the last time you saw four personal files in one game against one thing. You're absolutely right.
Okay. See that's something these people are kicking about even giving the greatest amount of latitude and ripping the men and stripes.
It's ridiculous. I was watching the news the other day when those rocket scientists to play for the hurricane came out with the staple. Well, that's the way we are and we're not going to end the thing that went on at the end of the game when they all broke out in the dance.
It was the most embarrassing scene I have ever seen. And if that's what this community is proud of and then that's what and that had nothing to do with the game.
I mean, that was after it was over. If that's what you people want to see, then good luck to you. That's all I can say.
But then again, it comes back to what you said. So what's college football anyhow? A bunch of crap. Exactly. It's the minor leagues that he NFL. Right. Well, why don't we call it? Why don't we pay him to call it what it is and let everybody go out and rip their heads off? Right? Sir, his mobile phone just died. Sorry. It wasn't me. Sir. It's that cheap cellular phone. Get with it. We have one open line in Broward. 524 W I O D 524. We're dying over here and one on the star line for our bell sound.
We have a lot of mobility. Jox Knifers at star I O D 1049 will be right back.
1053 and W I O D we have an open line in day 751 and the Broward lines were all finished and Broward they got their own talk leader up there. They're all open. But if there's anybody left, they're all open 524 9463 524 W I O D we can handle it. We're big. We're big guys.
The Giants fan. Me, Neil. Yes, sir. Back in. It's about a couple weeks. Yeah. Now the Giants are going to do it. They will already do the super low. Good luck to you. You'll need it.
Well, at least you saw I'll sell out like the top. Hey, listen, what are you arguing with me about? I don't hate that. Do I know it? Yeah, you know it.
How come you guys don't play in the city though? How come you're playing Jersey? I keep about a year. It's in better because they had 2300 murders in New York last year.
You realize what the population of the city is going to be if they continue escalating at the present rate by the year 2000. There'll be like 40 people left.
Yeah, then I could go back then. How it's journal having 80 share but it only represents six people.
Oh, unbelievable. Yeah, then we can all move up there and have a good time. That's it. That's it. Well, now let me ask you. Simms coming back.
There's maybe four other championship games against the Eagles. But maybe against the Eagles. Maybe. Definitely.
Well, I hope the Eagles go easy on them. You know, because they're one of the cleanest teams and leave. That's what Norman Brahmins told us. Yeah, yeah, sure.
A good luck, sir. Okay, bye. You'll need it. Let's get those tickets bought up. Okay, so we don't have giant fans like that. Callin' and wrote it in. Rubbing your nose in it.
And we can't, you know, the one thing we don't, I have no idea how many tickets remain. They just won't tell us.
What is the deal with that? Remember that time you called up and they said they got real hostile and they said we wouldn't even tell Rick Weaver how many tickets are left.
They're very mysterious about that over at J.R.S. So there is Volkut tickets left and he got till four o'clock this afternoon to get your lazy ass over to Joe Robbie Stadium and buy him and put a silence.
Some of these cryptic critics from out of town and Clint Eastwood as the Beaver.
Did you really really get there Beaver? I don't see any kids Beaver.
Why do you idiot? It's 14 karat gold.
What's that you have there Beaver? Beaver's got a gold ring, Judy. Doesn't look like real gold's name.
Hey, Judy, bite me. I'm not allowed to bite stuff. I go to an orthodont.
All right, then, Judy, bite this.
You really showed us, Beaver. Yeah, you really showed us.
1106 and good old WIOD. Why don't we just play all this stuff the rest of the day, huh?
We do have a full board of calls there. Oh boy, aren't you excited?
But we should play all the ACN stuff as kind of a bonus for our same people out there in the audience.
So once you don't call, where's Paul Beach? Happy New Year. Happy New Year's shirt, top of the thing to you.
I just like to say, you know, I'm a real big hurricane fan. I got pennants sitting around all over my house.
You have what? I'm a big hurricane fan. I've got pennants sitting up on my wall, you know, shirts national champions.
You're doing pennants? Penets, yeah. You know, you know, banners. I know. I know.
How about football cards? And, uh, no, none of that, none of that. No hurricane cards, please.
But I just like to say, you know, based on yesterday's performance and probably throughout the last three or four years with Johnson in a erish and his coach, I think Miami has done more to disgrace the university and the city of Miami.
The Florida could ever have done a disgrace through university and city by being put on probation.
Oh, and that's just the point I'd like to make. Make a normal big fan. But I, you know, I just understand why I don't let all these other people brow beach you don't feel embarrassed to speak the truth and speak your mind because these other folks are first of all a bunch of phonies.
And most of them five years ago didn't know the hurricane football team from their ass and they're just a bunch of front running slabs and they just want to cover it up and basket. That's okay. And they see what they want to see.
That's exactly right because I can remember back to when we had couch, no, in burger, we won the candy chip in 83. We'd be probably one of the greatest teams ever as simple as college football and that Nebraska team, you know, Rozier Irving-Praw.
Yeah. All those players. That was a brutal, justifying game. You know, and we did, we did it with pride, dignity, and we did it without the antics that we have today. And, you know, I would much rather be remembered for teams like that than a team that we have now.
We can't, you know, we do what we beat an inferior team and we have to use the tactics that we do when we probably need three when I'm the best team ever doing it.
Fair play, you know, with intelligence, with coach.
Well, you know, Erickson had that press conference yesterday and I'll quote directly it says Erickson who said he was embarrassed by his player's actions didn't think any of it was funny.
He said it did get out of hand. Okay. That's from the horses, but.
Yeah, he's a little, you know, he doesn't mention anything about his 15 yard family. Right. Yeah, he like kind of set the tone for it with a big stupid mouth.
You know, and I don't, I really don't think that, you know, the change is going to start with the president of the universe. I think it is kind of, you know, if the alumni, the type of hang in alumni that decide what goes on at university,
like this type of, you know, play these type of annex and it's going to go on for a long time, regardless what the president.
Hey, it's big bucks. Yeah, we're good. Big bucks. That's all it's all about.
You know, and I just like to make make one more point. I'd like to say, you know, all these people are supporting the dolphins buying tickets, you know, calling up criticizing them.
You know, I just like to say when we get all the way to the Super Bowl this year and next year, you know, you guys can just stay home.
Don't say that the dolphin is your team. Exactly. Well, I'm going to buy a club box seats for next year for the whole season so that I can, you know, enjoy the game and sit in the air condition comfort, have a little sandwich, not sit next to the school teacher.
Have a great day. By the way, finally, dawn on me, remember yesterday I was trying to think of that cheer that they do with games, which is like okay at high school games, and they also do it at football games.
But in this time, you'll even hear people doing it at the dolphin game and it is so soft and morick and juvenile. Here we go, Tiger. Here we go. And they're kind of that is so I'm telling you folks, if any of you do it at the dolphin game on Saturday,
we're going to have you immediately taken care of by Don Vito, fat rich. I'm telling you, it is just unacceptable. That's that's like for kindergarten games, okay? Here we go, Tiger. Here we go. Here we go.
And it's like that that the thing that I was talking about yesterday with those bands that played the same. You know the one I'm talking about. Oh, I mean, okay, but see that point is that's college football.
It's like a juvenile level. It's fun. It's a child's play. That's what it's supposed to be. And the people in this town don't understand it. This is supposed to be a major metropolitan community, okay?
And a jackass that called earlier that said that I was divisive and I criticize Sammy Smith. You see, I'm a big cup fan too, but they're guys on a team who suck.
And that doesn't mean that I'm a less of a fan because in fact, that gives me a right to criticize if I'm a devoted fan, we go up to Chicago.
Like, don't even live there. We go to the games. We pay for the tickets. We pay for the hot dogs. We have a good time. All right.
So to be overly critical is the other point. Okay, that's obnoxious. But you know, call it like it is. Be honest.
I mean, am I going to sit here and tell you that Steve Wilson is a great pitcher? No. Or that your own Walton is a great center of field or no.
I'm going to call him as I see him. That doesn't make me less of a fan or divisive.
Sammy Smith in my opinion stinks. And he runs up all his yards against horsemen or team. That's my opinion.
I hope I hope Saturday begins 200 yards because I'm a fan. I want us to win. But to try to compare that with being honest about the Hooligan tactics that went on a new cotton bowl on Tuesday,
it's garbage. It's just another attempt to cover it up and sniff that. That's all you want to do because it makes you feel better.
It's supposed to be a major market where you support your professional team. Colleagues teams are for the basically for the alumni and the student body.
Don't you people understand that? I don't get it. In New York, do they talk? Hey, Columbia, man. Columbia kicked ass this week.
Of course not. The alumni and the student body at these schools talk about it like managed with a stinkin Michigan wall for range. It would might be with my stinkin Spartans. That's what it's all about.
And the idea that all of a sudden if we live in Miami, hey, we have to be big hurricane football event. I don't understand that I've never understood that. I just don't get it.
Because that's college stuff for college people and alumni. The professional stuff is what major league communities get into and support in Detroit. Do they talk about the, I don't even know if university
or the Michigan state, they're the ones to get on the I 94 up there and jam up the highway and go nuts and go and go crazy. So that there's 78,000 people in East Lansing every home game or 100,000 and arbitrary because that's what it's all about for the student body and the alumni.
And I'm going to tell you if the university had to depend on the student body to support the sporting events that go on here, including baseball and basketball where they can't draw flies. They have to hold up the whole program. That's the sad part of it.
And I realize the university isn't as big as some of the ones talking about, but let's face it, how many alumni are there in South Florida? Got to be enormous. Many, many thousands aren't there? Got to be lots. I know there's a lot of Florida people and FSU people got to be a lot of alumni and their families and friends and the student body and their families got to make up a lot of people.
What the hell am I talking about? It's 1114. We'll be right back. It's 1118 at WIOD. That's a classic. That's outstanding. Mobile. Yeah. Yes, sir.
I just, I don't think that I've never really heard this gun. You're sure anybody else is sure when you talk about non-support for the Dalton.
I had season tickets for 10 years for the Miami Dalton. Yeah. And two things occurred. One didn't affect me, but it affected a lot of people. When Joe Robby Stadium opened up, they screwed a lot of people.
Yeah, a lot of people. The other point is I hear people say about how great Joe Robby Stadium is. Well, I don't know what perspective they have, but my teeth in the orange bowl were in the front row.
The orange bowl was a hemorrhoid inducing dumb absolutely no doubt about it, but from the prospect of being able to view the action and being a part of the action for the fan, it rated number one.
The orange bowl? Yes. Because the field was right there. The field was right there. If you're sitting in the upper part of the orange bowl, I won't say I'll protect, but there in the nosebleed seats. You're about four miles away.
That's true, but I mean, you know, there's no stadium in the upper reaches that you want to see every. I don't think there's a bad seat in the stadium in Joe Robby Stadium. It's a state of the art. It's a beautiful place. I mean, I can, when you're talking about getting screwed with the tickets, a lot of people are that problem. I'm not going to argue because it's a fact, but to try to knock the stadium. I just don't buy that. To me, it is a fabulous stadium. And the only thing that makes for the plastic atmosphere are the people who are in it. That's the problem. Well, part of the problem is, you know, high seats in Joe Robby will front row again to see the action on the field. I need a binoculars.
I mean, who wants to be forced back from the field sitting in the front row? All I can tell you is that when we're not in the seats, which I have great seats on a 50 yard line, which is a lot further, a fear front row. And we're on the 50 yard line, a lot further back. And you are, I have no problem.
I mean, you know, you can make all the excuses in the world. We've got a kick-ass team part. You know, nobody dreamed this team would ever make the playoffs much less go 12 and four. Let's not make excuses now. Okay. Let's revel in it and support them and enjoy it. I still love the team. I have nothing against it. Yeah. Okay. All right. Go on, buy some tickets. 21 after 11. Why has already got his star IOD on Bell, South O'Villain. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. My comments on the hurricane issue. You know, the, uh,
the whole situation is, uh, you look at it based on the coach not taking control. Amen. Like I said, last piece they used out of my show on Channel 7 last night. I said, Dennis Erickson has to take responsibility. And if he couldn't control the actions of the players and you can
take him out of the game if they were doing crap, that he still has to take responsibility. That's his fault. He's a wimp. If he's, if he's going to let it go on and then go out and say he was embarrassed by it. Didn't think it was funny. And it got out of hand it all this other. Whereas he did do something about it. I mean, I mean, Christ, if you look at it real good. I mean, second, second quarter. I mean, being the coach out of yank all of the guys off. And I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say for all these people saying, well, we played great, which they did, by the way, in 146 to three without 200 yards and penalties. They could have won 76 to three.
And they wouldn't have left the bad past in everybody's mouth and given a black mark to the mark to the school in his town. And also a lot of those people voting in the pool. Yeah, probably they wouldn't ever want to hire the number three, but certainly probably gotten a few more votes because of the fact that the people wouldn't have been so turned off by it.
I mean, I'm not going to say that I'm not going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's
going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to vote for the match from..
in addition to which when I was in Michigan State I never went to a baseball
game. I went to all the hockey games, all the basketball games in the old
Genesis and Fieldhouse. Certainly went there via a home football game and some
on the road. We went to South Bend and experienced I would never want to go
through again but that was in college that was Rara. Here we go Spartans.
Here we go. Here we go. You know that old, that's a child play. It's Kaka. Okay.
It's fun. I'll throw it already. Grow up. Grow up. And let me say it again.
I want to direct the parallel between the attitude of Dan Marino and most of
the dolphins toward Tim MacCyre who has a big mouth great player. He puts his
money where his mouth is. He does a great job on the field but let's not you
know they're not happy about him shooting off a big mouth before the playoff
game and they made that very clear. And as Jim Mandit said there's no room any
NFL for jerks. 24 after 11 at WIOD and we'll return.
Things are gonna kick that ass. 1127 at WIOD or in speaking of
Kings we got Hurricane basketball tonight huh? No one here anybody talking
about that. U.M. and St. Joseph 7 o'clock after which the Hank Goldberg show
with special guests Steve Alegmo and every day I have to schrysung. Miami. Hello.
Yes sir. Okay I'd like to say my point of view on the Canes. Okay go
way ahead sir this is America after all. Alright I think. We've got a four or five
seconds. You're gonna cut me off. No. Alright. I think that you're very hypocritical.
Okay and no I'm not gonna talk about the Canes. Now you're talking about me.
In other words you want to shoot the message. On the Canes subject.
Okay simply because you talk about hockey which is probably the most violent sport.
Can I let you down a little secret? I like hockey not in fact I'm nauseated by
the people who go to hockey games to see fights and blood just like the people
go to see to auto racing. I want to see a crash and see people get killed.
That's not why I love hockey. I love the sport. Okay that's one thing. I mean
speaking for myself I will admit to you beyond a shadow without there are a lot
of people go to hockey games because they want to see violence. I would I
would probably. But if you understand hockey you would understand that first of
all the fights in hockey nobody's really getting hurt most of the time because
they got 85 pounds of equipment and clothing on and they're just tearing each
other's and they're holding on to each other doing little Waltz.
They also have sticks. Yeah exactly and when I see in fact any shack used to play
for my Toronto Maple Leafs one of the filthiest players who ever played was
wicked with a stick and I was embarrassed by it okay because the people get
mained and blinded and severely injured by spearing and high sticking and
there's no place for it. Great. Second of all as far as the referees could
turn the SEC listen I'm not gonna you know say that they're bad because they're
crazy. That's all cried. We will cry. We only want by me.
I'm going to cry. Why don't you listen to what I have?
Okay I'm listening but I'm crying along with you. I want to cry.
Okay go ahead and cry. All right the referees going to take control of that game
from square one by a jack one is one or two people yeah that's my opinion.
Okay. 200 yards and penalties if there was something that bad they should have
ejected somebody early that sends a message. Well that's a point that's a valid
point and they didn't do it or whatever reason and from square one or maybe when
they had the altercation at the beginning of the first series for the Hurricanes
running sideline they should have told Ericsson when he opened up his big mouth
the next altercation we ever going to kick some people out.
They should not even tell them they should just do it. Yeah okay and the players
they want to play that'll stop a lot of that. Second of all as far as a black mark
on Miami's turn. I don't know where that comes from but you know where it's I
hear you. Wait a minute. Hey and call this town assess pool. It is and I've got a
listen to it. You've got to listen to it. Wait a minute. We just want to listen to it.
You want to listen to it. Why do you want to listen to it? I just want to think I'm a
hypocrite and a douchebag and you don't like what I say. No I'm being honest.
I love listen. You are the Miami Hurricanes of talk radio. Yeah right. That's my opinion.
Well that's why I like listening to you. Let me say this to you okay. Okay. I wish
this town was everything or most everything that it could be. See I've lived here
for almost 16 long years okay. I love the weather. I love the beaches. The sand.
The palm trees. The racetracks. I love a lot of things here but this town is a
bushly town. A town that's run by a bunch of douchebag politicians and blue-haired
senior citizens who want everything for themselves. I mean do I have to you know it's true.
Oh no I'm not arguing with you. You think this town has fulfilled its potential or even
scratched the surface and I go on vacation I go to Vegas where the weather much of the year
is marginal at best and it's packed and everybody's having a great time and a
rake in in the dough and it's like a different world. We can have all of that here
and we don't because it's just a it's like a festering racial sewer here. We got the blacks
and the Cubans and the Anglos and the Jews and the Gentiles and all that
everything goes on here. It's pathetic. It's sad. You're right. I can sit here and be a
shill and say hey we're the greatest and this is the best town in the world in New York,
sucks in Chicago stinks and I won't shill for anybody. Okay. I mean when they start paying me a
million or two years then I'll shill because everybody's got their price but until at the start
which it isn't going to happen I'm going to say what's on my mind. Okay and that's why you
listen to the show and you know it. You're right absolutely. Have a nice life. Happy new year.
Boy like I said yesterday we're starting the new year with an awful lot of energy here. I'll
wait a little bit too much. I don't want to be worn out by vacation time again. See that's the
rough thing about vacation. I want more vacation time not just for me but for everybody.
You go on vacation you get your batteries charged, recharge, right Sarah? Sally what is her name?
Anyway and you come back and you're full of piss and vinegar or part of that and you're ready to
rock and roll but then as the weeks and the months drag on I mean for me to think that it's like
six more months before I go on vacation again and I think that Marvin the raw man is out there playing
Mr. Abon V. Vance somewhere that's outrageous. Here's a man who should have been stuck in the desert
in the negative with a map toward the Mediterranean Sea but that's okay. Hey listen what's
you want bigot all this money it gets all this vacation time it gets three weeks a year what the
others you want. I want five but I'll settle for four how's that months four lotterdale. Hey deal
don't you would risk your more vacation time for everybody. Absolutely starting with me and then with
you. Okay I am. You know you were talking about Vegas and what I called but I wanted to talk about
briefly about the came to where I watched the game too and I'm a real change man. I winced every time
you know they were shaking their booty I mean once or twice was fine. Yeah at the end of the game
that that display I mean after you pummel somebody 46 to three and you've beaten them physically
emotionally mentally every possible way and then to go out there and do that jivas craft.
Man it's embarrassing. Push League and not only that I had read somewhere in the paper where there
were a number of the extra hurricanes that were on the sideline they said that may have instigated
that they had said do whatever it takes to win and there was I don't know if you're interested.
Even old Jimmy Johnson was there with his phony wig on the sideline.
Yeah the wind was yelling they could withstand that. Yeah I had heard you write before the
Christmas break they're talking about being in Vegas. Do I hear that you stated the extra calder?
No I went in there though I make the rounds. I was in the mirage I thought the Excalibur was fantastic.
We stayed there. Did you like it? Oh it was unbelievable. Yeah.
Yeah. What an Southern California for a weekend and it was during the weekend of October when
the fight was in Vegas. Right right. The 32nd wonder and we couldn't get in we were you know
and there was so small get out in California we just let's go to Vegas we couldn't get a room we
drove there anyway. Cross the desert which is a trip and kind of ended up getting a room of beautiful
room at the Excalibur for like 50 bucks a night. Right and of all the casinos we were there all the
whole weekend that was the hopp and the casina. I mean it really was a lot of action going on.
Yeah and it's a beautiful place you know before I went I was asking people because I had not been
in the mirage or the Excalibur since they're both new. Yeah and people were saying well the
Mirage is great the Excalibur is garbage it's like Disney World I don't know what these people
were talking about I mean if you look at the outside with the castles and all that stuff but
yeah well all right it's like Disney World but inside it is one of your right the most beautiful one
of the most happening casinos they go up the escalators on its second level that's second level
where you look down at the casino right go downstairs I heard you're talking about the little medieval village
right in the restaurants they got a Italian restaurant in German and the buffet and it's it's great
I don't know what the hell anybody would want. When we went to for example went walked over to
Caesar and I mean the entrance to Caesar's in the mirage you could drop dead from it. Yeah right
well the mirage the outside of the mirage is amazing. That volcano and all that but the the
Caesar's casino was dead I mean it's so spread out I kind of like the the fact that at the
Excalibur I like to play Blackjack and it was all kind of central located it was all kind of
action going on. The only thing at the Excalibur it is so big that the sports book is what
where I came in the entrance I came in with the flags and from the valley parking and the
coming and I had to get at my bearings in the beginning because I really was afraid I was going
to get lost and then go outside and have to walk all the way around the building each
of the guys. Now seriously it's so enormous and so I kept using the sports book as kind of like a
post you know to find my way. Yeah well I was there a lot anyway it would happen to be there
over a Sunday and it's there's a lot of fun how is you why you think keep those phone numbers handy.
You bet but just wanted to touch base to be on that I tried to call you during the holidays and
talk about that it would you were we're talking about Vegas and you just happened to give me a
perfect segue while I was on hold there. Well you're a gentleman with great taste. Have a good
day. Bye. Bye. 1137 at WIOD we have an open line in date county it said was that Randy Marchune
in the hallway that I just saw? Wow. How come she don't have a show over there on life full of radio?
Oh she don't have any baseball cards. Oh okay can we get her some? Anyway the new year is here.
Well what do you expect from the Sun Sentinel? It's 1140 at WIOD Randy Martin is in here sorting out her
fan mail. Well listen open it slowly. It's only one piece. Save for the moment. How come you're not on
FTO? There's just so many people there there's not a lot of room. Yeah but if you get like some
diamonds or stones to rub on and be you could be Jeannie change your name to Gypsy Rose. Gypsy I'm
not going to get in there. I like Shirley personally but wow she is just the Shirley McLean
and talk radio. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. I'd like to ask you do you think that
drop in fans or the Pittsburgh Pirates fans of the NFL or? We're not that bad. We at least you know
we come close to the place of the Pirates. That last couple of weeks of the season in Pittsburgh I
don't I don't understand it. I would watch those games on a satellite and there'd be like almost
nobody there and even on one day they had a promotion there was like 20,000 people there and the
stadium that teased 52 or 55 and here they were having a great season and going for the division
which they wanted. I don't that's a really you talk about a crap sports town. That's it. They do
support the Steelers. Oh they love the Steelers. Penguin's that's another story. How about the
commentary? Boy I know what was the CBS. That commentator he's like oh my god. About what?
Commentator on baseball and CBS. Jack Buck? Yeah. Well Jack died about five years ago and nobody
told him about it. So how many tickets were made for the dolphins? Your guess is as good as mine.
I would guess probably two three thousand anyway. Well you know Dan Bishop can come up with the money
huh? Exactly. Park the truck in the parking lot. Save the diesel fuel for a couple of months and
use it to buy up those tickets so all the free loaders can see the game. Sure. That's the least
they can do. Campbell Marshall do you think he's got marbles in his mouth? I think Campbell his head
hit the ground when the spaceship landed. I think he had a rough landing. He talks like I do.
It's nervous attack right? Exactly and like you said with marbles in their mouth. Have a nice life
sir. Okay. It's eleven forty three at WIOD we have a major broadcast celebrity on the line right
now. Let me tell you I'm a hulim you am alumni. Well listen this man was the he was the symbol for
the king orange parade the other night. They used his head. I suffered through all the losses
in the late seventies. They said the size was a little lumpy but the shade was just perfect.
I turned the game off in the first quarter when I'm a big cook. Your head I'm talking about a
quarter. Listen if I want to watch dancing I'm going to turn on Danny Cario. Yeah turn on one of
those jive as danches on tv a sold dance party or something. That was just oh man I just
I don't have the no words to describe it. Speaking of shows that you're only in a bush league town
like this would you have thousands of people getting hysterical trying to defend it you know.
Anyway speaking of new shows that you hear about the new show on CBS called acorn and Andy
starring Steve Kane and Andy Garcia. Yeah you know what they say the acorn don't fall far from
the tree. Whatever that. I don't think it falls. I don't know what it means. Yeah.
Listen I'm well the rumor has it that he's so heavily into the baseball cards now that that's
kind of taken over as the new number one part of his life. Yeah but those edges are so sharp.
And the baseball cards too. There you go. Well I'm leaving you after the dolphin game. I wanted
to call him to think about it. If somebody would have only told him that the the oil that
adverts at the edges were so sharp maybe Steve and I both would be a little what's a
better equipped to deal with life. A loyal is the a scythe knife the guy who has all of the
thing. Cutting comment. I hear it. We're leaving after the dolphin game. I'm heading for Chicago.
For what? I'm going to be out there for a month given the shots. See if I can make some money and
you're going to go up there to stay. Yeah. Well great you can be our Chicago correspondent.
There you go. You will call us of course. I will do that. You mean you're leaving?
It's 10. Now let me ask you something. How are you going to maintain that orange
pasty complexion? It's so cold up there. In seven degree weather. You'll have to go before you
leave going to Burdhines in Jordan Marsh. They have that stuff that you get in the orange.
You know what do they call that stuff? That tanning is instant tan.
It's not my tea. Yeah right. You put it on and you sit there within minutes. You look like
olive oil out of the cartoon or something. You look it'll be right up your alley. Sally.
Are you going to be in the press box Sunday? Are you going to be down? No sir. I do not have any
press passes because obviously I could have gotten them if I asked but Phil you know
was a little squeamish about it because they're overwhelmed for that. So being the wonderful
humanitarian that I'm I'm paying for my two seats fat reaches getting them for me. I'm paying for
my 50 yard line seats and I have my sticker my parking says all I asked for from the stage was
my parking sticker which I have in my hand right now and that's it. Are you going to be in your
little drop in boxer shorts? Oh yeah. I'm going to wear my Zubas pants there you can't and
it picked out at the gate. Can you answer a question for me honestly? I'll try. What did Henry
Barrow do? Because that guy is so neat. What could he have possibly done? Well no there is a real
story behind that and I don't I don't know if there's a story about he did something or said something
back in the old days about Leon. Yeah he said something honest in the the powers that the Mr.
Robbie and Mr. Weaver of course which at that time were joined at the hip. Yeah.
Evid Ali didn't cotton to it and he just kind of through the powers that be faded into the
woodworking out of the stadium and back into the studio here and never to be seen again. Well
did you mind but it is a good point I hope maybe maybe Henry won't do it because he needs the job
but maybe somebody who knows the story behind the story will let us know. Yeah I mean maybe that's
the reason why some of our sports people there at IOD can't be like was that Gabe Kaplan the
call the other day? Who was at the call your show that was I rate about the hurricanes that really
said it like it was. Gabe Kaplan? Was it Gabe Kaplan? Oh you mean Alombardo. Look at that there's
another stack of mail for Camino Sound Study if it just brought me how do you like that? Wow
we're gonna go over a hundred and well close to 105,000 by the end of the day.
