What do you want Elaine?
What do you want?
Can we eat some of that Irish stew?
We need to please have a nice life.
10 away to W.I.O.D. that's for St.
Paddy's Day there.
There's something to get us in the spirit.
What?
Do we have some Irish childless morning or what?
It was great man.
Wow, the fat level in here even without me being in the room was like about 110.
Speaking of fat level, look at this great card.
I got it if you look inside your speaker from Gordon Stevens.
A little late anniversary card.
Thank you, Gordon, you're a hell of a guy.
The pigs are out in full force this morning.
Man are they out.
Unbelievable.
I leave the house.
I'm going down Nob Hill to 595 and they got a cute little gimmick up there this morning.
They've got some old beat up crappy car in the where the break in the median is about
half a mile south of sunrise and behind this old clunker that's sitting like sideways.
We got two cops in like using the car as camouflage and two of South Florida's finest are
behind the car with their radar guns sticking their beam I guess or sticking something up
over that hood at the oncoming traffic.
Then I get to where the turn pike intersects at the golden glades and we've got like a whole
bunch of a man on motorcycles waiting where the traffic merges and a lot of people I don't
want to say I would ever do it but a lot of people occasionally drift over to the right
of where you're supposed to merge to get over to 441 which some of us luckily did not
do this morning but man they're out there in heat.
Luckily George and I had clear sailing coming out here today.
I stop at the light where you turn from 79 from I 95 and 79 to 3 to look at my rear view mirror
and there is Ford Grenada the red bomb with George behind me unbelievable.
We had a race he makes Laura look like a piker.
We had a race from that point to this radio station this morning that Maryline Dready
would have been embarrassed by me.
We were smoking in and out weaving all over the road.
And every time I thought I had him left in the dust through that crazy traffic on 79th
street I look in a rear view mirror here comes a maniac again.
And finally we get to the last light the last chance before the station here on the
causeway and I look over to the and he's he's in front he's going to be right there
first at the light not behind some erratic woman and a brand new geo.
And finally I look over in the extreme right hand lane and I see it's clear as a bell
and I zip over to that right hand lane and George looked at me with that that look
of well it was a nice try but I know it's over now as I eased away from that light
and left him in the dust boy I was so we were not never going more than 90 though it was
pretty good speaking of races man last night now I know a lot of you think it's boring
but I'm going to tell you something anybody who has ever been to pop it up park before
last night we had the first round in the drivers championships that was one of the great
nights I have ever seen in my life at any track it was tremendous Wally Hennessey and
the Peter Ren and they were just in brolder almost every race was almost like a match race
I mean at some point in every race they were like nose to nose head to head down the stretch
up the backside all over the place no not that backside it was tremendous and in the beginning
it looked like Wally was going to make a runaway of it then Peter came back strong and after
four events they were in six races against each other after four events Wally had 113
points Peter had 112 and a half the half because of a dead heat per first that he was in
with the Bruce Ranger in a race before that so it all came down to the last race the 10th
race we all thought Peter had it locked with red October Walter Ross's horse Wally was
with that old arm bro what the hell is that horse arm bro douche bag I got the program
here somewhere arm bro come on where the hell is it dummy Caesar of course and the
Peter's got to lead all the way slows it down a little bit the half comes around the final
turn Wally is out there in a year looking like he's got no horse and they come out of the
stretch and here comes the old horse grinding up on the outside they come down the stretch
head and head nose to nose and Wally wins it at the wire and wins the first round I'm serious
it was sensational if you missed out you better make Wednesdays and vote on your calendar
the next six weeks it's going to be tremendous and I do take credit for the idea okay and
spite of what can't Williams or any other douche bag at Poppano Park says I take full credit
for the idea right that's right hold on don't you're not going anywhere are you right you're
not going anywhere I'm not going anywhere not slanting ladies on even though there is no
knots landing night yesterday I asked all the ladies who were upset about the basketball
to call I guess that didn't sit a sink in on them yet today no soaps on CBS none NCAA
CBS is carrying air we stink of one of the basketball games your soaps are in the toilet
no knots landing tonight and some people are probably foaming at the mouth they're ready
to show that basketball in a little hole I'll tell you that right now the Spice D'Apple
one of everybody's favorites is celebrating the Fort Lauderdale locations 11th anniversary
at both locations for Lauderdale and Bokeh up check out their special anniversary coupon
and tomorrow showtime section of the Sun Sentinel with some great prices for you to take
advantage of the past 11 years the Spice D'Apple has been serving delicious incredible mouthwatering
gourmet country and seafood dishes in that down home comfortable North Carolina setting
everything is homemade it starts with a trip to the famous salad and appetizer bars
then enjoy terrific menu items like deep fried shrimp the country sampler platter stuffed chicken
breast country fried steak and a grilled pork chopper the great fried catfish fillet platter
extraordinary lunch and buffets Monday through Friday with a big country brunch on the weekends
starting at 11 30 in the end and this Sunday in honor of St. Patrick's Day both locations
will be serving delicious authentic corn beef and cabbage all day on Sunday St. Patrick's
Day it is going to leave a mark in your body so capture that North Carolina setting right
here in South Florida at the Spice D'Apple restaurants in Lauderdale a mile west of
by 95 in Griffin Road or a 2700 North Federal Highway just north of Glades Road in Bokeh
celebrate a festive St. Patty's Day at the Spice D'Apple it's 1017 at W.I.O.D the
not slanting lady is here very calm cool and collected not going to get hysterical
because she's going to miss her show tonight I am hysterical I don't blame you it's terrible
I didn't realize it was going into the night too I wondered why there was no feed now you
know no early feed no late feed no show no feed at all that's it no guiding light today
just when the show is really getting spicy and exciting no guiding light this afternoon
no all my children are what not all my children young and the horny is not on right
oh well women of America are going to be apple plucky today I'll tell you that that's
true a little bit overdone you know I mean I realize that the NCAAs are exciting but
not the first 400 games right until you get down to the last last few games you know
right to play off final four right but anyway we'll survive it we'll survive it you're
doing it pizza last yes ma'am Tuesday or Tuesday 5 to late which is very distressing because
I'm supposed to go to mommy's on Tuesday I guess I'll have to go to mommy's on like
Monday right or mommy yeah you should take it on Wednesday because Wednesday night we
have the Pompano Championships again and I wouldn't miss that for all the tea in China
that was great last night yeah it was exciting Christmas was sure did good for you last week
Christmas list one he's going to be in Saturday night in the ninth race and so we got some
good stuff coming up all right hope we get some people out there instead of all he's dead it
oh that's boring I heard a guy call Rick and slut yesterday I'm stuck in this horrendous
traffic jam going home it took me an hour from this radio station to get to the turnpike
because traffic in 95 was backed up bumper to bumper crawling and I'm listening in some couple
of real morons what my favorite call was this pinhead yeah pinhead closet nearly who would never
admit to anybody you listen to the show he calls in oh you guys are great I turned I W I D 2 o'clock
every day can I call Ken and Joe a couple of douchebags and the steam was coming out of my ears
you little slime ball you're listening right now I hope that Ken and Joe come over beat the cramp
and then the guy who's the end of the snow skiing called up and he heard my comments yesterday
about how boring that is and nobody gives a flying leap about snow skiing especially if they're
in Florida right and he was having an over a breakdown and he used to think Neil was a good guy
and I was going to call him to give my bunch of crap every day you are a bunch of crap sir all I
consider you is exactly exactly well listen I'm glad you're calm like I am I'm calm
bring that nerdy husband of yours too okay Tom to butcher up a little I'm sure he's listening and
he heard good Tom to get a life okay see you then bye bye 10 19 at W I O D we have an open line
in Broward 524 9463 and one in Palm Beach 655 9463 also yesterday I'm listening that the tape the
audition tape of that guy John from Chicago the tape was hysterical funny stuff I mean just
adult a real idiot like people we talk to every day then I'm going to the track and they're on
the phone Rick and Slot are on the phone with this guy up in Chicago did you hear that and I am
going to tell you I am just that there are days you wonder what it's all about this guy had the
personality of a dead frog on the sawgrass who'd been run over by a convoy of semis I mean he just
had no he had nothing to say no personality and oh let's take some calls for John and he had more
calls I mean now we got a lot of calls but there are those days including some recently when all
of us have been wondering if anybody was alive out there John had a full board of calls how you
doing old John oh man I just to some of the stuff I hear from the pubic in this town it just
makes you wonder what the hell it's all about it's 20 after 10 let's go to Miami quickly
Neil yes sir I hear you're from Rochester ma'am I hear you're from Rochester New York
yes ma'am yeah sir where did you live up there where did I live on a street
I know house I know that you're right what in Brighton oh Brighton yeah well that's great I
went to school on Monroe Avenue at Brighton Elementary right next to Don and Bob is that
exciting yeah wow did you ever go to the no the Tom thumb restaurant the what Tom thumb
Tom thumb I've been to Tom thumb like you told him I've been to the convenience store no I never
heard of it what what your what century was that in well I've been here 24 years now mine
I never heard of that well Munro Avenue and where then there was a little
a little a little bit of a theater I'm from the Monroe theater yeah from that dirty movie theater
yeah that's Getsys well it is now it is now Getsys they have white hots and all kinds of
greasy stuff it's great well I just have to hear you the other day so you were from Rochester
yes ma'am well listen have a great day and we'll see it see breeze okay then thank you oh man we'll
see it carols 22 after 10 at WIOD we have an open line in date 7519463 we will have a call
on the Palm Beach line when I come back or else okay that's the one line that's a holdout
as usual 655 the call is free Parley Vouchipe skate 655 WIOD all we had another big group of people
up in a clubhouse last night sitting on their hands during the national anthem through the whole
damn thing I am getting so tired of that I'm gonna start making a scene up there if those people
keep it up I'm gonna start going down to their tables and just beating them across the face with a hose
probably get excited by 1022 at WIOD St. Patrick's Irish Festival March 15 16 and 17
tomorrow through Sunday at Mullins Park Coral Springs near University in Sample great Irish
music Galeg dancing food Irish shopping and shopping bagpipes arts and crafts Irish sports
kids fun entertainment a fantastic carnival fabulous fun for the whole family featuring the
patty noon in show band Ireland's foremost tenor Frank Patterson the multi-talented dingal spike
comedian Des Kejo the black velvet band in more amazing acts say patty's five mile run starts 7am
Saturday at Sample in University be there to cheer or run sponsored by Budweiser the Miami
Hero Jameson's Irish whiskey Coca-Cola and waste management that's Wastie Mullins Park Coral
Springs near University in Sample this weekend tomorrow through Sunday bring the whole family
the love it clowns face painting magic acts kids contest children's theater a good time for everybody
tickets at the gate kids free March 15 16 and 17 at Mullins Park in oral springs 1026 at WIOD we have
a little inside the building spy report I hear through my sources that Chuck Meyer was inside this
building at five in the AM this morning what the hell would Chuck Meyer be doing here at five in
the morning hey getting stoned in South Florida just kidding okay 1026 at WIOD we'll find out
here's a pay phone and Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir hey what's happening how you doing sir
first time college great hey there's a publicity guys for a while how about you turn out
to radio every day at two right and all me now I want to call a couple of people of butt loads
yeah no no okay I got a question for you yes about the um uh the baseball game yeah at
joe robby yes sir both of them both are the right I'm gonna go Saturday night but I need some
information I thought maybe you could have all I have it all in my hand right now cool dude um one
how much of the tickets the tickets are like a few bucks seven nine eleven something like that
that's what I heard okay how do I call to get a hold of this you're you're in date county yes
sir oh no brown you want to try it again I'm in brown you're sure that okay here's the number
you're ready yeah five two three three three oh nine three three oh nine isn't that's and then
incredible I got it right in front of my face amazing and the numbers too no shit this is great
he said no sure don't panic on it he said no sure no sure no sure no wait no one's going
otherwise it's hot he's going in as uh jeez he's bathing suit we're on that material dude okay good call
pal I want to call somebody do you okay my father or Joe you're do you okay back at you
1028 wow yeah no sure sure a lot I was gonna try to work that out but I guess we would come
out the same way we have an open line in brown or five two four W I would be we got uh tickets are
available it's sear stores select records stores sound warehouse two records you can purchase
tickets by phone which I'll give you the numbers for the games on the 30th and the 31st we need to
fill up J.R.S. and make a good depression okay for the Yankee Orioles games Saturday night and Sunday
afternoon also I just want to sneak this in here um faith Sunday Sunday March 24th a week from
this Sunday a date county feeding and impacting the hungry is what that stands for and they want
you to volunteer to give two hours of your time to help out they're going to have a one-day
phoneathon to raise money to pick up 30 million dollars worth 30 million dollars worth of edible
food free for distribution to community programs that feed the hungry free here in date county 30
million dollars worth of food is terribly offered by grocery stores and other food vendors but it's
currently being discarded and destroyed because they don't have the facilities or resources to do
anything about it so if you'd like to help out to volunteer a more information called 868-9601
868-9601 and they invite you to volunteer a couple of hours of your time Sunday March 24th
between 10 and the a.m. and 10 p.m. okay very good cause 1029 at w.i.o.d here's a mobile in
west Palm Beach hello yes sir I got my tickets for both games great uh you are doing it sir
I went last year a couple games J.R.S. right there was nobody there yeah well what's with these people
well it's a deadhead town here more into snow skiing I guess that's the big thing here in Florida
they're all transplants from up north sells matter well I don't know they got an excuse for everything pal
well I'll say dumb this is boring that's boring the bottom bottom bottom line is most of them are
pretty boring that's what it's all about many to move to stadium up here northbrow or south Palm
Beach where there's some money and not so many uh derelicts yeah it's in a pretty bad location you
know right there centrally located on the turnpike between right in the middle of daybrow and
Palm Beach it's a pretty rough place well it's good access but the neighborhood's real sweet
hey listen when that neighborhood is great compared to what most stadiums are in sir okay that
neighborhood is a palace you're right you're absolutely right but if you're up here in northbrow
where there's some real 11 people yeah it would uh maybe so few more well they're not going to
turn down the stadium and build it next door to your house to make it a little more convenience
okay no don't need to be there I'm up in north Palm Beach okay well you're a great american we'll
see you there pal okay yeah wow 10 30 at WIOD we have an open line on the star line it's star
IOD if you have bell soft mobility our sisters here are loaded and you ought to see the habit
they've got are we getting paid today by the way is everybody get paid today this is general pay
for everyone in the building I like that WIOD George is thinking about getting paid today
hey Neil yeah you see that commercial for the the games coming up uh if you come go play
what these guys what's it like Jim Barry and Tim Robbie they're doing a commercial I haven't seen
they you mean they're running spots yeah they're running spot I haven't seen that if you come
go play well I don't want to get into that why didn't they're not playing yeah not yet but I
guess I guess you were though huh absolutely okay 10 31 at WIOD and uh hey listen I hope you had a good
time we have an open line on the star line star IOD we're doing it today I'll tell you that we are
really doing it the match race with George though I think up 79th Street was almost as good as
a walley henna cian peter renlast I we were smoking up that street if that isn't the worst
stretch of road those of you and that's most of you luckily in South Florida who never have to
drive on 79th Street around here to the causeway I would kiss the ground right now I'd get a kiss
the old blanney stone if you never have to drive on this street it is the worst road it makes
calendar beach boulevard look like a picnic look like the auto bond that's what a horrendous night
the people there they're all like stone and derelicts and nuts and beat up old jalapis including
georgias I tell you that old Grenadimann that bomber his was really moving oh we have a new sheet
here wonderful it's getting close to the weekend and of course we need a lot of sheets for the weekend
for our rallies down a color ridge thoner with phyllis dillarana rick and sud show today she's
gonna be wearing a lane at tourist nose it's gonna be great sports talk with sonny herch I don't
want to tell you where she's gonna have it at 605 Lisa part trio a trio on the academy awards
with hank tonight from eight to eleven okay we are really doing it boy we're just smoking a
smokers coming out of our ears and other body parts here's a mobile in Miami hello and I'm
paying for this one okay that's why as soon as I saw it I jumped right on it's here I appreciate
that I don't know if it's time for a joke or two but I have no we don't do jokes on this show
sir we also don't do moonscope with that uh... so i understand that okay never mind that okay
1033 isn't it good that I got him on we saved ourselves a lot of grief he saved a lot of money
I just have a feeling it's gonna be 12 there's an opening in brown or though five two four and I
want those women to call in and sob and carry on hysterically about the nc double a basketball
games on cbs the not slanting lady was right there at the start and all you women who sit back
there and never call because you have nothing to talk about who just passive so to speak
I want you to take this opportunity this is America to call an adventure spleen adventure anger
let your feelings be known because it isn't gonna change a damn thing okay but you'll feel a lot
better about it in the end anyway did I take that other copy out did I lose that already let me see
boy I look like I lost a piece of copy here already is that possible we just started the show
and I already misplaced a piece of copy but look at that here it is hey how about watching a
great ball game in the comfort if you're on living room as we were just speaking of well if you
have sports channel of florida no problem if you don't have sports channel here's what you're
missing like tonight at seven thirty her canes baseball and the national hockey league on sports
channel that's been covering all the action live and exclusive at seven thirty the canes against
Penn State and then at 10 thirty it's Chicago at the L.A. Kings also our friends over at sports
channel of florida making great progress and getting cable companies to pick up that service
have had you folks screaming and yelling and making those calls for about two years now and now they've
added a couple of companies to the list store cable down a candle Hollywood cable vision is getting
sports channel on air it's incredible so if you really want to follow the heat the NHL of canes
the gators and lots more audio lawn and you're not too crazy about the curling from Canada on
that other channel get sports channel of florida and if your cable company is offering sports
channel of florida give them a call and make sure you tell them that that Ojampra vokitor near
arranges at w.i.o.d. urged you to call and get sports channel of florida now
boy that was a great show bro thanks man what to be honest with you you stink well
way fit in the garalad after 72 cities in four hours a night dodge it think it's about time
you had yourself a shower okay and i've got just the soup faria no iris springsteen
it's the mass of the ordering soup strong enough for a sweaty road
but i like it too
i respect the steve now your warmth is smelling like no jersey in the mom
okay well i want to get you in the mood for saint paddy's day now how come you've got helen from
hollywood on the bottom of the list helen celebrating a very important birthday today right helen
right at mikey yeah what is your party mikey mikey likes it too what is your party what is it my
90th 90th 90th next month hey no now listen
mark it's up 20 and a half points on i'll go out and invest right now what is it
what is your party mike who who do you think you're mike
well i talk to mike mike's not here mike goes off at 10 o'clock helen
oh come on really i spoke to you little while ago you spoke to who it is still on the air
i was on the air a little while ago
frankly oh all right i was on the air a little while ago
all right tell them tell them to match it tomorrow who's that
uh oh this who's that what is it all right what is it i want to think it's my
good i'm saying everything twice what happy birthday helen thank you don't
okay okay back at your
i was 20 and a half till 11 well i told you that was important to get around real quick
because uh he can't wait too long on some of those we have an open line in
brownered five two four nine four six three five two four
why is it big up w-i-o-d there we go my emmy hello
male yes sir happy birthday to you sir when's your 90th coming up wow how you doing mike
i got to be careful with this because i don't want you to dump me but i got
okay we got that office challenge coming up you better get in here quick sir
this isn't i got a celly fits fire report oh boy it's going to be a quick call i can tell
all right listen yeah friend of mine uh is an intern at Jackson Memorial Hospital
we aren't going to do the story sir if you're going to go into a big story about Sally in the
hospital we don't discuss people's internal affairs so this is big so i guess you've heard it
already everybody has heard that story and we all have been following it very closely
say this truth i have a great life 1040 at w-i-o-d boy these people in this town are so slow so slow
that's such old news we have an open line in date county 751 battery and one in brownered five two
four vibrate five two four w-i-o-d here's a payphone and tamarack
Neil how you doing okay i think how about that Helen huh i'm uh yeah how about Helen she's the
best listen i'm afraid that many of your listeners have already had tickets since i've been waiting on
the phone so long for a pig report and i told George if that's in the booth and he's a douche
back it doesn't it doesn't even say pig report i'm looking on the thing here
it doesn't listen you know how he is yeah well he's paid he's all excited about that big check
anyways let's get to the meat of the car yeah there's about six of them on 441
brownered counties finest south of Hillsborough and they're stretched out about half a mile i guess
and they're stretching it out pointing their things in every direction wow they are in i'm talking
they're in heat today i don't know what the special occasion is today i don't know but man from
the time i left the house and they were like in camouflage behind this old beat up clunker on
knob hill road with their little thing pointed over the hood and then they were down there at the
golden glades i mean just jillions of mon motorcycles there are pigs everywhere
well you know they got a support mr. nivara's wardrobe don't you
that must be it okay and in closing Neil mic weight is a major douche bag okay back
access to mud load 1042 at wiod we have two open lines in brownered 5249463 524
oh it's mega greens anniversary today isn't it or some stupid thing like that
let's say so on a sign out front mega greens uh what second third and now if she calls in do not
put her on the air i mean i'll talk to Helen but not mega 524 wiod i sure hope somebody today
who was at pop it all last night calls in because that was uh i mean i know a lot of you not and nothing
we can say is gonna make you go to anything different you're into your snow skiing and you're uh
checking the cd rated the uh bank and all of that stuff but boy that was an exciting night last
night that was incredible and peter and wallay you guys were great tremendous i must confess i
was rooting for peter rent with my michigan prejudice but they were both great pop it out
okay like i said all three lines itbroward wide open now 524 wiod let's go to hi alia hello
hey new how you doing okay but load yeah back at you hey if we can fit since 72 000 people
in kie's stadium i think we can put 50 000 in this neighborhood okay yeah right that's one
i would think so all listen even the people who are going still have to hedge their bets with
another excuse well it's not the best neighborhood and it should really be up here in pod beach
like next door to my house and i'm so sick of these these people most of them down here are
a bunch of yokels okay they never even even when most of these people were somewhere else they never
went anywhere they're dead heads they're dead heads the people up north who go places they're still
up there go in places the people in chicago who fill up wriggly field they're still there filling
up okay dead heads i'm doing great so far how about you i'm out of watching the story channel
the one the story channel yeah what did you discover and about some race track in hot car in
japan yeah they don't have forces up there and they're taking green and they bring them in from
australia they bet mega buffs up there oh yeah have you caught it a beautiful track up there right
we have seen things about that yeah yeah you'd like that track yes sir okay okay i see you
1044 wild we have an open line in date see i started getting excited a little too early this morning
7 5 1 9 4 6 3 and date and 5 2 4 happy birthday hellen and broward okay from uncle mike
good old hellen that was one of mike's favorite faithful listeners there do you hear hellen
oh my my my oh my talking though what's pop B chillov hello nil yes sir
no matter how to leave you're about dying hellen yeah how you doing what's mouth saying helen
listen let's go a couple things like your first of all you know George got put in tight quarters
and uh he had a man fact he had a pullback and startle over again you know that don't
right
Georgia held his own believe me all the way up the street
the old is out while i wish i hope my own last night because uh... i got a
state ticket and i have a fuzz bus they call me got me a reader
boy they're just uh... what's going on now it's like the middle of the
month they there must be something we don't know about
uh... we're raising money for a big benefit for themselves or something at
the end of the month because they're just
crazy now
but you have to work crazy you know you have to get the pick on the at uh...
four offices in june in and everybody's up tight as they go pick up
the sec we've all jesus
you know i'm this morning when i passed that thing on obhil for the first
time in a long time it made me furious not that i mean i could see a
coming so i slowed down
but it's just the idea that you know that old adage about the police
minutes your friend
and he's there when you need him and all of the crap
and here we got guys hiding behind cars and sticking at radar up their nose
and everything under the sun that's not law enforcement it's just her
harassment is what it is in the public or such about your sheep we just put up
with it we just sit back there should be like a revolution about this crap
i mean if you're going six of miles an hour over the speed limit like
everybody else is what the hell differences are making especially out in the
middle of nowhere
people are going seventy seventy five on the turnpike coming to work every
morning i don't see anybody getting hysterical about that but if you have to be
in the wrong place at the wrong time here's a ticket up goes your insurance
there goes your license there goes your life down the drain
it's a bunch of crap absolutely now let's talk about your estimate yes sir
isn't it funny when they're off the orange boy with a moment grown and
bitched about how the orange ball was this the
other now they love the orange ball and it's still a toilet it's the same toilet
it always was right in all this crap about atmosphere i mean the bowries got
atmosphere too but who do i want to be there right
absolutely one last thing you close it i thought you might like this video
especially you talking about people at popular i was there having dinner and
next to me was four so they are and they were arguing over the bill that
insput the door before people so they were arguing and fighting over the bill
who had this who had that figure out so who could be the five percent tip
and one was screaming out the other one said Jesus who had to run for
dressing you know what's this i don't know i have blue cheese
and the other way to come from how they got that special tennis i
just a small and a slow-down part of the great life sir okay we have an
open line in brown or five two four wake up and one in Palm Beach six five five
nine four six three it's ten forty seven a w i o d ever since grade school you
were taught that two is greater than one and as you got older and invest in
blah blah blah invested your hard earned dollars you wanted the most return for
your money well today simple arithmetic tells you that a yield of ten point
oh four percent is higher than seven or eight and today if you're not getting a
ten point oh four percent return on your investment then you're failing math
right now get a ten point oh four percent yield by investing in triple a
rated cmo is from curl and securities and investment of thirty seven thousand
eight hundred dollars will grow to over a hundred twenty five thousand and
about ten years then it pays you principal and interest in come over the
remaining life of the bond total return two hundred four grand all for that
original thirty seven thousand eight hundred dollar investment perfect for i
r a rollovers keel contributions before april fifteen or retirement plans pass
your math course with triple a rated ten point oh four four percent cmo's
called as toll free number to check it out right now one eight hundred five four
one nine one seven seven realize deals and prepayment rates may be affected by
market conditions which can't do change both based on prepared formulas and
passed performance of underline collateral minimum investment fifteen thousand
dollars curl and securities the name you can count on a name you can trust members
in a sd and s i p c call now toll free one eight hundred five four one nine
one seven seven hey kids try to be told not to smoke well now there's a new
serial just for you frosted lucky strikes there is
over there we asked if those kids are always after me lucky strike
it long stars spotted long the L.O.T. and no shrunken kidneys I'll make an airplane and get away
I'm sorry sir this is a non smoking flight oh
drag I better run
course you're caught me I mean smoking at part of your
and yes frosted lucky strikes every bowl contains vitamins and twelve and inside
every box you'll find a miniature copy of a bill of rights that's the document
that let's us do this
wow
frosted lucky strikes that's perfectly delicious
any art of any art of any art of any art of one seventeen at W.I.O.D. your
friendly stations and the 90s were here to do it for you
that Marvin boy I'll tell you that call I'm gonna I'm gonna remember that for a
long time Sandy okay that was incredible I'd like to have her come in and work
with him for about a week
they'd be cheering his eyeballs off she'd be plucking him out like Saddam Hussein
in drag
corals springs
I need help how you doing a little word to Sandy about Marvin yes sir
ask Marvin if he knows my buddy Tim the repo man
he's so great just asking me he knows Tim
he came to visit Marvin and Tim showed him your chair and everything else and
buttered him up and
you know and promised him a check yeah okay
how to material okay right to the point I like it
we have an open line and Broward 524 W.I.O.D. let's go to Miami blennis
star days are you doing ill okay
you're gonna traumatize this old man to call you say what do you have on a
recording on that final word thing yeah
I wish you could have had that star 69 from somebody could have called them back
and just totally killed them why we got in the tape is like forever
past it's going to the time capsule what that kind of pissed me off what
it old man about that bridge the old man with his boat yeah but you know what
amazes me I bring up something like that that should get it what is that what
is it wait a minute George's got a cart and there what is that card oh we got
the promo all right hold on a second don't go away okay yeah you're like this
here we go Neil Rogers you love him you hate him but you can't miss him man
you better know your laws mr because you sure don't that's right I suppose you
want the man bridges closed to both have to get a hurricane I want the bridges
closed period okay I want them closed I want the bridge tentative to go home
and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our life I want those bridges
closed let him use the junior title okay I think they all go on a George
Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders how do you like that sir well I
don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiot yeah how do you
like that love it don't ever lose that promo man I want that promo in here I
saved that that is great you're right we can get him to call every day we'd
have a 98 share I guarantee we get him and John from Chicago on every day we'd
be doing it in fact I think the guy in Chicago is still on the John oh anyhow
different no no but what I started to say is what I don't understand it must I
must be the only one in this town you think in this state with all the
droidages and Fort Lauderdale and here on the causeways you think that this
would be one of the major things against people crazy is having a stop for some
jackass voter with all his money and his yacht lolly gagging up the
intercostal taking a hat taking his damn sweet good time back it up traffic five
miles while everybody sits there polluting the air burning gas and oil I just
go and nuts and nobody gives a crap about anything here one thing to say
well maybe they have to get through or something that's they're going on with the
wind but they should they should be gone they should be gone with the wind you
know what I'm saying yeah it's sailboats I think the only one that should be
like really drawn for a rush hour something like that let him put it in neutral
okay let him hang out your laundry on it just left the sales out yeah any on a
different note I just want to know what the hell is going on with business I
work in retail like my store hasn't sold a thing all day today thank God I'm not
working I'd be pulling my hair's off what do you sell their animal banks no I
pull a I pull an all-bundi you what pulling out Bundy two sales all-bundi
married with children I don't watch that show anyhow how Bundy yeah that's his
name gotta be fried I don't watch married with children George's give me like
like all you guys watch married with sure that show sucks no wonder you're not
selling anything God if you'd start watching something good like entertainment
tonight you might sell some shoes I just one day I'll call up a Meldemarco see how
she do are you serious you haven't had one customer all day back all didn't they
said they hadn't had one thing all day not yet how about you how about you you
but I'm not working okay well that's a good excuse market so only up 11 now
with smoking was up 36 points it's only up 11 which means it's I think it's
gonna be down by the end of the day you're right you're absolutely I don't see
it I don't see it I think things are really bad sure I think we ought to just
hang our heads and scream I'm still going to school so when it's not being
foreign doubt running circle screaming shout that's our motto pal and on
uh... about those inspections yeah talking about
the uh...
emissions and all that stuff I'm sitting in uh... traffic school one day yeah
and I'm listening to this guy going on and on about how he speeds and I
does all this stuff which really doesn't bother me then he comes out to say
how he's gonna have his own test on in his car because he works at the place
he works at the miss at the uh... inspections place in so he's got his own
tube yeah he's kind of like putting a little bit or so I don't know about his
uh...
but it's place on all these people in the class can go by and he can uh...
he can uh...
put these guys through
yeah he can fake it for him
now he's probably faked it for a lot of guys intense well listen have it just
don't panic remember one thing okay it's making feel a lot better
what's that
have a great day pal thank you to you okay
hey listen anyone is better than uh... bad one one twenty three at wio do we have
an open line in date counties seven five one the sky is falling
the professionals picking up cars in car care
at university bp car care center the gables extend to you and invitation
to come in and uh... get any kind of car repair on the sun they really do it
no ripoffs only the best work from tires to thermostats spark plugs the shock
absorbers changing all the chance a lube
and speaking of that right now they have a special offer on a lube oil and
filter change
for just nineteen ninety five less the five dollar bp rebate which means your
cost is only fourteen
ninety five so give them a call six six one forty nine or two for all your
auto repair needs or
just up in for a complete lube oil and filter change only fourteen ninety five
at university bp car care center fourteen ninety two soft dixie highway in
the gables
the use the best state of the art equipment like the alan smart engine
analisers giving you a precise thorough computer printout
of exactly what's going on inside your car okay inside that thing
so take the guesswork the headaches in a ripoff side of your trip to the
mechanic
call on our good friends at university bp car care center
at fourteen ninety two soft dixie highway in the gables
and
hey listen if you have absolutely no life at all which is most of you i'm sure
you'll want to stick around to two every day for those guys
rick and sons
and i want to get a wio the radio station in Miami
oh my god
oh my god
and you're still not in the second
this guy sends out this audition tape
and he's never been on the radio
and he just starts talking i need a job
to be Johnny bought was
yes
haha
yes very simple
that's it i need a job
that's those guys rick and suds every day or two right after my thing here on
six ten wio d
he's trying to be all honest and i'm exaggerating a little bit of course
yeah just a little bit
yeah but he's trying to be all
he said Marvin was a lot better new or i'll tell you that markets up almost
fifteen it's bouncing back up again
who great yeah
so uh...
he was uh... china
but that's how she talks about those she always talks about marvin how he's
so nice
yeah i'd be real worried if i were you bobby oh yeah
well i'm kind of shaking in my boots if you know what i mean
exactly screw
i wouldn't say that but see the thing is
before i mean i introduced her to talk to talk radio
okay before i got a control
i know i'm sitting there on the other end of the phone giving me a lecture
like she knows it all and i don't know crap about anything okay
and then all of a sudden i recall it was a great guy until she remembered he
don't like cats and i'll he doesn't know anything about crap either okay
well see the thing is she was every time i listened to you before
before she started to think every time i listened to your time and then after that
then she says she's going to start calling suds after she got rid of you know
what he said about this is such a says
he gives a good crap yeah
you know what i'm here one way or the other
now but all she's trying to do is just trying to be you know real nice and honest
no she's not she was honest she was not nice at all today you didn't hear the call she was a
bitch she was she was just a bad bad news i know she was she was trying to she's calling me up
telling me how i should call and redeem her because you know everybody's ripping her up to
piece it redeem her it's like redeeming it off Hitler what the hell are you talking about she
was obnoxious no but believe it or not i mean she's got your picture on the refrigerator at home
she does nothing but talk what do i see she got my picture on the refrigerator door that's kind
of interesting well with a new tracist right next to porky pig with a new tracist a magnet no less
yeah and uh you know she's got like three or four tapes well she really shocked me today i
got to be honest with you i just uh cannot believe but i can't believe that she's turning into
another eon and kelvin but you know what uncle niel ultimately she does love you
and she does nothing but talk about you yeah back that's the problem sick bobby sick
but he like but he you know he preoccupied okay keeper busy okay i'll try that you uh have a great day
i'm just you know i just call just to kind of try to ease the tension yeah you know you know
because you could try it with a butter knife it's so thick and attention too yeah see you bobby
they get him well look at all this fact stuff that's coming in here now wow
sometimes i feel and life is passing me by sometimes i feel you want to smile
certification of air pollution control devices and system somebody has um
by the way the guy who keeps waiting wasting the paper on the uh fax machine with his shell crap
shielded this okay every day this guy waste like a big chunk of where is this from by the way
cafe pylon pylon we had to call him up you know it five nine fours that
did county have a brand of Cuban coffee what cafe pylon so this from like your Cuban guy air
shielded this and shielded is always eating and shilling and uh mup up up up up up up up up up
here we do i get this big gross uh hate facts i mean hate mail is one thing
but hate facts let's see
seven six
sometimes i feel the life is passing me by
what is that what is that noise what does that sound
oh that's their facts number huh
okay here's a message for your facts machine
well i don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiotic
okay have a nice day okay well i'm just gonna keep that because we get the phone number i got
the name of the place what a jackass so anyway here's all the stuff about the uh emission test
if we can say that operation celebration helps celebrate the homecoming of our uh troops
almost all of the troops families plan to celebrate christmas on their loved ones return
it says let's join in show them we care show them that we saved christmas for them
and they wrote oh look at this they wrote all this stuff in the margins of the facts that you
couldn't read if your life to if they held a gun to your head you couldn't read this stuff will be
an operation celebration proudly announcing the same patrick state parade in downtown for a
day on sunday they have the privilege to be honored by some of america's finest the pierced street
annex float entered in the parade will uh be flanked by i can't read this several three convertibles i
guess Gary fronrath is letting us use three convertibles one red one white one blue
the red convertible will have three desert storm soldiers the white convertible have a Vietnam
vet Panama vet that'll get that one guy upset grenade a vet the blue convertible have a
world war one vet i guess world war two career vet the pierced red annex float will be
decorated the patriotic theme to salute the veterans i mean trying to read this is the most
incredible the facts this is like the guy that called earlier high neil first a little tinkle i
enjoy your show sometimes sometimes it's like that guy who called before you made a negative
statement about the lack of marketing for this very important exhibition series you should be
more attention to your sister's oh this is the same guy that called member about the sister
state and he also made the comment when he called about how he enjoys the show sometimes
sometimes i feel sir that life is passing you by okay you jackass
so we had a faxit and on top of it he calls and as i recall we cut him short 135 at wiod
get a pencil now so you can order a book that's crucial to all the new citizens and their families
it's called how to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes
maybe you've saved your whole life for your retirement but if a catastrophic illness like all
cembers or a stroke hits the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you wipe you out medicare your health
insurance even if the VA won't pay you could lose your savings even your house there be nothing
left to pass out of your children this book tells you how to protect those life savings even if you
thought it was too late how to avoid a lien on your house and lots more it's 200 pages of practical
advice from attorney harley gordon milloyer who specializes in protecting assets the cost
only 18 95 plus shipping a small price to pay to protect those life savings how to protect your
life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes is available by calling toll free
1-800-95-2626 that's 1-800-95-2626 ask for extension 12 operators are sitting by
the
asal major asal and his cousin is an asal to sir gunners made first class fill up asal
how many assholes we got in this ship anyhow
i knew it i'm surrounded by assholes 21 till 2 at w.w.w.l.d a little clip there from the staff meeting
this morning in the brain trust in a conference room once go to west bokeh hello
yes sir how you doing okay i'm glad you're in a good mood today yeah oh why not
yeah what the hell could we want in this town arcades back up to 18 now it's going back and forth
like a yo-yo again yeah you having a good day so far up till this moment why no i'm just listen
i'm covering my bases you never can be sure never count your chickens before they drop it
i wanted to ask you about the horse about what horse Christmas Christmas yes why did they move
it to Saturday because they couldn't fill the race for friday so they had to move it to the next
day there were only two horses entered for friday and a 15 thousand claimer so they had to move it
to the next day does that mean it's running against the same class yeah 15 thousand
all right i just didn't know he'll be he'll be right there again believe me trust me what i tell
you yeah it was a pretty good one last week huh you have it oh yeah you had it i had it 26 bucks
yeah it was pretty good outstanding yeah but it looked it didn't look as good until they scratched
eight horse when they scratched the eight that gave them the uh the chance they gave the courage when
they went that first half and fifty five and one that didn't hurt either yeah well i like i like
when he wins because they call you down to go out there and talk about him yes sir make a fool of
myself and have to go over and humble myself to the amazing joe pavio and then i go back upstairs
and don't let it never let's me hear the end of it boy joe is the best bap bap bap bap bap
bap bap bap bap I'll tell you the Umwelt k aid wala's bap bap bap bap bap bap
are the favorites talked show host yes sir i'm on the floor something like that yeah well listen i'm glad
you cashed to we'll see you senator there i hope i i liked you okay all right take care see you
christmas list and the nine three seven hole on saturday it's a twelve thousand five hundred to
15 thousand claiming handicapped which is why you got the outside again because this is in for
15 but no problem or raise them from behind there's a lot of speed in their probation
with Kelly Shepherd. Kelly told me last night he's going to go the first half and 52 in change.
And we got the wall off with Kevin in there. Boy, he's going to be out and fly best bunny with
Wally. Man, what a first half we're going to have again. And here comes Joe on the outside as they
go off the backstreet circling the field and just winning for a joke again. I think he's going
to be real good this week. Trust me. And again, I want to say one more time if you missed the first
route of the drivers championships last night. It was, I'm telling you, I'm still got goosebumps.
Wally, Hennessy and Peter Renner. I've been going 31 years to the harness racing and seldom have
I seen a night when I saw such an exciting thing going on. The fact that I had some input in
that makes me feel good. In fact, I want to take all the credit for it. How do you like that? Can't
they have the horseman's meeting? He said, well, this is not the eruders idea. This is our idea. Right.
Sure. Uh-huh. It's my idea. Who cares whose idea it is? It was a great idea. And it just was fabulous.
Went right down to the very last to the last few yards of the sixth race between Wally and Peter.
As they struggled it out, Wally beat him in the stretch and won the thing. And Peter better luck
next year. Boy, it was great. Next Wednesday we got, um, total you have Pavia and, uh, Tommy Outen.
And then the week after that we got Kevin Wallace, Mr. God against Ron Wapels, little Canadian
battle area. And then the week after that it's Bruce Ranger. He's the danger against John Hogan.
And then they do the semi finals the following two weeks after that. And then the 23rd of April
last Wednesday of the meeting, the big thing, the last one of championships. I mean, it makes for
great racing and they're out there just puking their brains out and they're like some perfect as you
can't miss like that. 9th rate. That was at the 9th 10th race. The 2 3 Peter and Wally coming
down to stretch. It paid like 10 60, which wasn't that bad. A mortal lock perfected. Of course,
somebody I know knocked it way down Miami Beach. Hello. How you doing? Okay. Hey, you know that
game. I got tickets to that Saturday game, uh, the 30th. Yeah. That's the first night of past
over to. So are they going to be substituting the monster for the crack? Yes, sir. Huh?
Hey, you know, the other day also you asked if you there's any live people in surfside left to call
you. And while I'm calling you, I'm one of the live ones. All right. I don't know who that
English guy is that keeps calling me some peanuts and mots of balls. That's good to know. We'll bring
those to the games doing throw them back like they're doing. There you go. Right through the
mots of balls. I was going to throw out the first mots of ball. That's a question. Probably Joshua
or the lifeguard probably sunny. Hersh. There you go. Have a good one. And the same to you, sir.
143 at W. I. I. W. Do you know the shame we cut him short before we could tell us about the
lifeguards in Eli Turgman. We have an open line in Dave County 7519463. That guy bores me to death.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Dale. Yeah. Hey, how'd you get talking about
carols the other day? I want to know how did I get talking about it? Yeah. What does that mean?
Well, I want to know if you remember the golden point over a good man street in Ridge Road East.
No, sir. You don't remember that? That wasn't even before carols. Now, how old are you think I am?
Me. I'm 39. Well, I'm 48, sir. I'm not some old fart from the dark age. I don't remember that.
Well, you probably remember when the hamburgers were five cents. No, I remember when they used to
pay you a dime to take him. Okay. Hey, listen, will you do me a favor? How about those French fries
and carols? Men, they had enough salt on them. You can make a salt lick out of them. I said,
lick this. I used to get mine at carols right by the ballpark for KPA. Remember, I'm
Ridge Road West. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm proud from. Okay. But I got to request. And so we're going to
add a convenience for now. I want you to play the convenience for manager and I want you to
play Glen Hill Academy. Can you do all that for me? No. 144 at WIOD. We have an open line in
Brown. I mean, anybody that talk, he can't be from Roxy. Do you hear how boring he was?
He had that like, like his voice was on a tape. I think you're already the convenience store manager.
So you're like on a tape. We'll do it some other day. Okay, pal. Don't get you wrong thing out of
shape. Don't get your taco bell wrong out of shape. I started to say we have an open line of
brown. But what the hell difference is I make. We'll never get to him anyway. But it looks good.
Because there's a lot of important looking people wandering around the building today. We want to
press him. Like boy Gary. 524 WIOD in Broward. I might even pick it up live. You never know. You never
know. Do you? Don't forget breakfast with Reneerie at Gulf Stream tomorrow morning. The broadcast
from the clubhouse live. It says his live is the mic ever gets. Of course. And then it's just a joke.
Don't start getting hysterical and calling him up. But that office challenge. Wow. And anyway,
we do want to tell you speak in a live. Oh, WIOD. Hello. Yes, sir.
Panic. Could you hear the paranoia? Woo. I love it.
Here's another one. WIOD. Who's this? It's Kirby on mobile and QR.
Kirby Puckett. Kirby Power. How you doing, Kirby? Is this like from the Kirby vacuum cleaner?
I don't know if I was right. I hear that suction in the background. Of course, it's in the key.
So I guess that speaks for itself. You're on the air, Kirby. Is this steel? Yes.
Okay. Listen, I'm sitting out here on my boat. That's the boat noise here in the back.
Oh, that's what that is. I thought it was your Kirby vacuum in about eighth year.
I was reading the newspaper. Do you, uh, the movie, fear of 76?
Hear anything about it? No. Guess who's costume designer?
Who's the costume designer? Yeah, it's a pia copula. Oh, wow. I bet you all the people
in it look like serenote a berserat. Could be. Who might be? Hey, let's not all boat people
are bad, you know. Oh, what? Not all boat people are at. I never said that. And you're down
there, minding your own business. You're not up here messing up the traffic and screw it up
the bridges on the causeway. No, that's why I'm down here. That's a way to do it. All right.
Well, listen, the pal have a great day and give Sophie a big kiss all over the Shnaz. Okay.
So I take about a half hour. All right. See you later. 147. I'm sure glad I picked those up live.
We want to tell you about little Maria's been. Everybody loves Maria, right? Boy, she is pretty and
perky and she's a little bit country and Don is a little bit old. But anyway, she's going to be
doing two live shows on Saturday and Sunday this weekend at the Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop,
the home of lots of bargains and fun and a circus and just all kinds of great stuff. The second
bit most popular tourist attraction in the state of Florida with more than 8 million visitors a
year. That's a ton, okay. And one of the reasons is because they've got some big names that come
in on a weekend. You see a free show cost you absolutely nothing. You can park free, nothing to
get into the joint. You pick up a bunch of bargains. You sit down, you watch Marie Doer thing
and her show too of Sunday one and Saturday, one and six PM and Sunday, two and five PM.
Boy, it's incredible. Then we got Mel Tullus coming soon and Conway, Twitty and George Jones,
a whole bunch of old boys. Okay, it's going to be great. So check out Marie this weekend at the
Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop on Sunrise between I-95 and the Turnpike. Hey, Tony about those dark
shades too. That Tony Curtis, boy, so you doing it or what? He's hot, hot, hot, hot. Man. Anyway,
Florida Derby Day coming up on Saturday. Well, nothing is perfect. I'm falling and I can't get it up.
151 at WIOD. Here's the caller from Boca. Hello. From Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, a long time listener,
a long time caller, whatever. Okay. And I just want to tell you about the people who are
going up and putting down the police and who tell you what that stuff is. Yes, sir. Well, you know,
they're out there saving our lives. Oh, are they? Yeah, those two pigs behind that hide behind the
car this morning. They were sure they were sure saving my life. I'll tell you that. I'll never miss this show again.
You jerk jerk. Okay. 151 at WIOD. Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Hello, Kendall. Yes, sir.
Oh, that one was hot, wasn't it? It was great. It was almost as hot as Tony Curtis. Almost.
Why wouldn't know? He's hot, hot, hot. I wouldn't know. I wouldn't know. You know, I waited all this time
and when I see those spots on TV, it gets me so excited. I want to jump on my horse and ride
right out of town as a matter of fact. Again, I wouldn't know. I wouldn't know. Okay. Markets of 24. It's
like a yo-yo. It was up about 36. It went down to about 11. Now it's back up to 24. They can't make up
their mind today. Nobody knows. Right. Nobody knows. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. That's right.
So I wanted to audition now, but you know, so that seems to be the new fact. Addition for what?
Addition for, I don't know. We believe this is the wrong show for that. I would call up Dave Gray line at home.
Oh, is that I need to call Dave? Yeah. What's Dave up to? What do you mean? What's he up to? I don't know.
Do you know him? Uh, remotely. Why? Who's this? Who's this? This was Glenn? Glenn? Hutton.
Oh, not that Glenn. No, no, no, no. This is Glenn. I'm not yelling. Glenn Hutton. I can't believe it. Yeah, well,
wow. How are you doing? Boy, this is a voice from the past ladies and gentlemen,
a man who was widely chased to W.S. News by a whole bunch of perverts. Yeah, I heard rumor about all that.
Oh, yeah. There were some people who were just just hot for your body.
I heard rumor. That's the way one of them is working on a small station in Fort Lauderdale now.
Does that one have them? But anyway, what are you doing these days, Glenn?
I thought you had a girlfriend break your sunglasses on the air. What are you doing these days?
He's got it. I forgot all about it. Hey, I got a great memory.
That's worth a million. That one. Yeah. I don't know where she is. I have no idea where she is.
Well, that's good. You're lucky. You know, what do you sound so happy?
I know. Let me say it again. What are you doing these days, Glenn?
What am I doing these days? Let's see. Why do you repeat everything I ask?
Glenn is working at the pirate jungle. Is this the micro-nairy show?
No. No, we're selling voicemail. Do you want voicemail up in Canada and around it?
Oh, and voicemail, eh?
Voicemail. Eh? You know, we have a big project up in Canada, eh?
Well, what is it?
A voicemail. You know, automated attendant voicemail, you press buttons and your call gets routed
through various locations. Oh, like that crappy thing they put in here. Did you guys put that in here?
Oh, did they put one in there?
Oh, man. Up in the front office.
Oh.
This rotunda up there is having a nervous breakdown over that baby.
Yeah, that's why it's probably, it's because it wasn't an access voice systems product.
That's why you see.
Okay, whatever you say. A little plug there, ladies and gentlemen.
With that plug?
Yeah.
My God, I didn't realize.
I didn't realize. I didn't realize.
Yeah.
So, well, I, you know, I was sitting on hold to think about it.
Since it's toward the end of the show, we might call it a butt plug, but that would be wrong.
Now, what is it called?
Oh, ah, gee.
That was definitely the wrong end.
What I wanted to know, it's a scoop on the catalytic converters now.
So, if we go in and you plug in your car, and it's bad, what happens?
They gas you right there in the spot.
But you have to get a new catalytic converter.
I mean, what are they trying to do?
I don't have any idea. I don't know.
We don't want to give all the information out of one day and get everybody scared to daylight.
Just let's break into them one piece at a time.
My question is, who's really going to make the money behind this?
That's what I want to know.
That's another great ripoff. You know that.
That's what I want to know.
Well, of course. Why don't you get in on it? You're good at that stuff.
Actually, we're good at that.
Call up Dave Ryder. You can go to business together.
Uh-uh.
Dave Ryder.
Dave Ryder.
I was a big...
He's a big...
I was talking to Dave Ryder and you...
You can have your converter just stick it in the phone.
They can do it over the phone by voicemail.
He's big, though. He's big, though.
Well, maybe you've seen, but I've heard.
Well, it's very great hearing from you.
Glenn gets a new material, and I'm glad you're still bouncing around out there.
I'm working on it.
Thanks, Dan.
Excellent.
All righty. Have a great life.
Glenn Hutton. I can't believe it.
Ladies and gentlemen, wow.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Yes. Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
I'm doing okay. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Okay.
I'll call about the emissions test.
There's, uh...
I'm an audit, just, uh,
I've been keeping up with all the, uh,
stuff that's going on with the emissions test.
A lot of misinformation going on out there.
Okay. While you're the guy who sounds like you're going to straighten us out.
Some guy called earlier saying it's on your birthday.
It's not on your birthday.
It's going to be in conjunction with the registration renewal.
And you're going to have 90 days prior to your birthday.
You get the test. You're going to have three months.
Right.
You go ahead and get the test.
Oh, well, that's a lot better.
And another guy,
I call talking about our inspector is his friends are going through the rain or whatever.
Right.
That doesn't make any sense because the computer makes the decision not to land inspector.
And, um, about the volunteer testing going on right now,
it's a free volunteer inspection just for public information.
For those people who want to go ahead and get their test done
and find out how the car is running.
The actual mandatory inspection starts April 1st in day to county.
Yeah.
Which, by the way, what do you mean in date county?
What about in Broward?
Well, Broward's a month late from from what I know.
I've been looking at the news reports.
That's not a car for the course for us.
Their contractor is a month late, but date is starting on time.
The system here in date county is totally different than before.
It's not safety inspection.
It's an emissions inspection only.
There's going to be an optional land for safety,
but that's completely optional.
It doesn't affect the, if you pass a fail to test.
The test here in date county is state of the art.
It's a high-tech program, the most modern advanced program in the country right now in the US.
And it's going to be seven stations in date county, spread out throughout the county.
And the test itself takes about two to three minutes.
The safety test can take up to six to nine minutes, but that's like I said, optional.
All right, so now, like Glen said, what happens if you fail?
Well, if you fail, they'll give you a computer print out of what's wrong with your car.
They'll give you an idea of what repairs you might need to do.
You can get your repair done so you can stop polluting the air.
And then you go ahead and get a reinspection, which is totally free.
It doesn't cost your thing.
All right, so in other words, they give you a amount of time to come back.
You have to give it 30 days to get back and do the inspection again.
And then when it fails again, they send you the L.A. to get the beat up right?
No, no, that gets more involved.
But failing from what I've read, about 15% of the cars that have gone through the pre-inspection
that failed. So basically the majority, the vast majority of cars are passing the test with.
All right, let me ask you this question.
What about buses?
The buses going to have to go through this, the ones that are puking that diesel out of the air,
just polluting our lungs and making this gag and choke?
Yeah, well, buses, there's been a lot, I believe, in effect, for over a year or two buses,
any vehicle we're carrying that emits these dark pollution gases for more than five consecutive
seconds can get cited. And buses are handled through a totally different program.
And they're supposed to be tuned up and regular oil changes and all that.
Oh, yeah.
That's a different story.
Yeah.
But just a lot of misinformation, people haven't been getting the right answer.
And they're well complaining about one line and so on and so forth, which isn't true from what I know.
Okay.
All right, so just want to plug in a little positive.
Because I'm very strongly in favor of cleaning up the environment and I'm sticking
tires. You know, all these people tearing off their pollution devices and, you know,
polluting my air.
Exactly, just to pouring it out there.
But when you get one behind one of those people, maybe just gag.
Yeah, it's all up.
You know, I don't want to get like R.A.
And have to have a smart alert.
Exactly.
No wonder they beat the crap out of each other out there, man.
They're also full of toxic fumes.
They don't know what they're doing.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the load.
I did a great job.
All right.
See you.
Okay, well, you asked during the IAS, I guess, when we got the real, the straight poop on this show,
we really got it.
Didn't we, sir?
Anyotic, just any.
Just any.
Just any.
Just any.
Okay.
Now tomorrow he's going to tell us what he really feels about everything.
Okay, I love that guy.
If we can get him, Tony, get him and John from Chicago together.
We could have a great show on a weekend to replace him at Green.
Oh, hey, by the way, happy anniversary, Meg.
She's going to be out there and doing those yellow shots with Marvin next week or something.
Wouldn't that be a shame if they both got like congealed inside of that big,
lava, jello, never seen again?
What a shame that would be, huh?
Yeah.
We can send Sandy out there to lick her way through and save Marvin.
Anyway, she'll get in her lick sooner or later.
I can just see that.
Can't you see that now?
Just chewing her way through a big, gigantic, lava, jello.
Marvin, please come out wherever you are.
Oh, sweetheart.
Get a big chunk of pineapple.
Just stuck right in your esophagus.
Anyway, have a wonderful day.
Stay tuned for Rick and Spud with Phyllis Diller.
She's going to be the big nose on the phone today.
Sonny Hirsch on Sports Talk at 605.
And then tonight, the one, the only.
I'm sure he's just a foaming at the month,
getting ready for Saturday in the Florida Derby.
Hank Goldberg would lease a patrillo on the Academy Awards.
It ought to be a real swill show.
