This is it.
That all of people at our hysterical with her Jane fondet said turn her trap.
Maybe this will give them somebody else to pick on.
Alright, let's resurrect Joan Baez and start jumping all over on her case.
And after what a WYOD or gigantic one and two, our Rick and Scud are going to be along
it too.
LaRetta Svit will be here in the studio.
She's going to be dressed in her khakis in a whole bit.
That'll be great.
Let's go to Boca.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Hi.
Virgin Collar.
Okay.
Okay.
Real quick, I just picked up something.
I got a lot of things to do.
I don't know where you can get rid of it.
So I went there flags on the car.
Yeah.
And they get kind of tattered in the wind.
I have to take a little bit of homeless glue and just kind of work that in around the
edge.
It will dry it in there.
Mine's been holding up real well since then.
You mean the flag?
Yeah.
Okay.
Just a little homeless glue around the edge.
Okay.
Some tattered.
Uh huh.
That's it.
Okay.
See you at home step.
Thanks a lot.
It's 11 after one at WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
Six foot.
Just put a little glue around the edges man.
It'll do it every time.
Six five five nine four six three six five five W.
I.
Oh.
D.
And let's try dear field beach.
Is going on a clicking line.
Yeah, I think things are settling back in.
You know what?
I think we have to worry about too much more.
Let's go to South Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Let me say it again.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
I'd like to thank you for waking the people up and letting them use their minds on what's
going on.
Especially about the Middle East.
I'm calling because I feel that we're totally wrong in being over there.
And the reason I say this is because I think it comes down to one word and that's oil.
I think it's the Americans gluttonous appetite to fuel their Toyota's made into a pan.
But which of course I think that we rep as the Japanese we work for about.
Yeah.
That's 12% of the American people work for the Japanese now, but getting back to the Middle
East thing.
I think that we're inspired by everybody in the world simply because it comes from greed.
We represent the sense of the world's population and we're using 40% of the world's energy.
And I think that if there were oil and Ethiopia, there wouldn't be people starving.
And I'm really against seeing a person such as Indian men being protected by American
soldiers over there.
My heart goes out to them.
I was a soldier.
I said to dead bodies up in Vietnam.
And I don't like it at all.
Yeah.
I can't hear from the unit.
What is it?
I'm here.
All right, John.
Comedow.
What do you say?
We have a couple of open lines in Dave County, 7519 463.
Who's that on the bat line?
Not for me?
Who is this?
Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Hold on.
That's Mr. G.
Why is he on hold?
What?
What?
I can't hear you.
That thing's not working again.
Well, we were just doing magnificent here for about two weeks and all of a sudden we came
to that one o'clock thing and I put on my Dixie Yarmulka here and all of a sudden it
just went to hell in a hand basket.
It's 13 after 1 at WIOD and we'll be right back.
116 at WIOD where the natives are losing it rapidly until, let's go to Halendale.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, since this all started, I've been listening to your show and off a lot and I've
gotten a lot of comfort.
You know, I'm of a draft age and first I was kind of worried.
But it seems like listening to your show over the past two weeks, I've learned to realize
that a lot of this stuff is more than worth fighting for.
I wouldn't say that I was on the anti-war side but I was kind of ambivalent about my
feelings.
And you seem to have brought a lot of sense around to me, I can say.
First of all, I do agree with the, I was listening to you earlier and you were mentioning one
caller said, we should keep an eye on Iran and you were saying we should forget about
that.
No, I did not say that.
Well, I didn't say that wrong.
I don't think they're going to jump into the war.
No, see, I mean, when somebody calls a look on a radio talk show, which is why I find
most talk shows terminally embarrassing and says, well, we should be keeping an eye on
Iran as if our military people over there have no idea what's going on.
Right.
Have no concept of the history of the Iranian government.
And don't remember who the Iatola was and the taking of the hostages and all the other
crap that's going on.
I mean, you know, it's just, it's ridiculous.
It's embarrassing.
It's a waste of effort.
Right.
Another thing I worked in the satellite business, and I hear you give people updates on like
what satellites the feed come in.
And G2 has a CBS news net.
And it also, what's called a TBS, the Tokyo Broadcasting System.
You see a lot of the stuff coming in from Saudi Arabia.
And I saw last night the stuff, like when they first started showing it from CAPTU, all
the war stuff.
Right.
And it's Galaxy II transponder for.
But you know, another thing that kind of bothers me, I see all these raw feeds.
And the way the press just cuts these interviews up to where it's like a five or six word little
spot, you know, a little bite I guess they thought it.
Yeah, but that's TV, unfortunately.
Everything on TV is real life.
Condensed to 20 seconds.
That's the nature of the beast.
And one other for my final point here is I was always wondering why was the media, especially
the American media.
I saw a lot of international stuff, which wasn't nearly as pansy as the American media.
Every time they interviewed like an Iraqi ambassador or someone that dealt with the Iraqi government,
they were always so nice to them.
And you know, didn't really dive into the hard issues of, you know, what was happening.
Yeah, I think we got an awful lot of people in the media in this country who are more concerned
about their own image and about not worrying so hard about not appearing, giving the
appearance of being unfair or biased, that they're bending over backward to try to be objective.
And I think it's ridiculous.
I think it's about time they started asking these people some tough questions and started
butching up a little bit.
Exactly.
You know, I know I heard about the thing with Channel 10, but I have to say that on ABC Peter
Jennings a few nights ago, he had, I think it was five or six nights ago, he had one of
the Iraqi ambassadors on there.
And you know, the guy immediately starts saying how many innocent civilians and everything,
you know, the bleeding heart story.
And, but you know, Peter Jennings says, oh, but we're doing tactical bombing.
You know, we're trying to avoid this as much as possible.
And he says, no, you're doing saturation bombing on all of our cities.
You know, he eventually said that we only killed, like we killed like 90 civilians.
And Peter Jennings, you know, called him and said, well, we're saturation bombing your cities.
Yeah, we're having 90 people.
Yeah.
And he was just flaring at it.
Well, I wonder if they were doing saturation or selective torturing in Kuwait.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You know, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like they just want to completely ignore what they did in the beginning.
And they go into a, to a sovereign nation, they butcher up their people.
They take it over.
They annex it.
They take over their oil fields.
They take over the whole country.
They butcher thousands of innocent people.
They rape the women.
They put people on racks and pull their eyes out.
And then they stand up there shaking their finger at us.
Like, you're all to blame for this.
You're barbarians.
And then they say, oh, it was for the Palestinians.
Yeah.
We did all this for that.
Exactly.
Oh, no, keep up the good work.
That's why they're, that's why they're lobbying the scuds over there in the West Bank,
because they love the Palestinians.
Have a great day.
Take care.
Twenty after one at WYOD, we have an open line in Broward.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
If you haven't tried Lotta Bernetta in Tamarack, you are missing out on the finest North
of Italian food anywhere in South Florida.
Chef Romano and Carol invite you to come in and try a meal that you're never going to
forget.
You try Lotta Bernetta once and then anytime you want to go out for a really special Italian
dinner, you will go back immediately again.
Try one of their great-vealer chicken dishes like chicken alo tamarine, which is boneless
breast of chicken and fragrant wine sauce with mushrooms, artichoke hearts and pomeadows.
Great shrimp, clams and fish dishes as well as specializing in flambé and other table-side
preparations.
Delicious pasta dishes.
And the one thing I love about Lotta Bernetta is it's an experience.
It's not just a quick in and out, so to speak.
You go in, you have the appetizers, the great garlic bread, some of that fantastic, thick
hearty, minestrone or pasta fajoles soup, and then of course whatever you choose, whether
it's a meal or chicken or seafood or just pasta and top it off with one of those incredible
homemade pastries from their dessert cart that they make right there on the spot.
Lotta Bernetta, you can't beat it.
They're at 8455 West McNabb Road in Tamarack, just east of Pine Island.
Here's the number for reservations and they are a must by the way.
722-1831.
That's 722-1831.
Give it a try soon.
You are going to love Lotta Bernetta.
If you missed the Rick and Sud show yesterday on 610-WYOD, you missed this.
Hey, how you guys doing?
Okay.
You guys got to cartoon's out anymore with the kids?
I don't know if that's on anymore or not.
I'm not sure I have that chance to see the co-used lady.
You were getting lucky.
Every once in a while I get some kids to say, I saw you on Scooby Doo or whatever.
That's not me, that's the ball hit at Curly.
I see.
I see.
You're going to do some hair.
The Rick and Sud show today at 2 on Ustalk Radio 610-WYOD.
124-GOODLE WYOD.
Let's take a call from Papano.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Just a few things.
I think you're doing a great job.
Fantastic.
One thing I wrote to Dom's name down, it's interesting that if you mix the work of the letters
around it, it spells mad ass.
We got that month's.
Oh, you did?
Or way home.
There was a few times a couple of people calling for the rallies and stuff, saying, you know,
let's help our boys and boys.
I think we should give the women a lot of credit for what's going on over there.
As we know, we got one woman POW, which I don't know, it's pretty controversial that she was
in the war zone, I guess, I don't know.
But let's not forget the women over there, I think they're doing a great job.
They're all doing a great job.
They're Americans.
Forget about whether they're men or women.
They're Americans.
They're all volunteered and they're putting their asses on the line and even if they're not
in combat, they're right close to what's happening and they're doing it.
I agree.
Now, another thing I know to protest or things have been written on, but I think a lot of these
protestors against the war should go protest at the Iraqi embassies about our hot stitches
and leaven on the head for what, five years already.
And the saying's in you mean, in you mean treatment of the people of Kuwait?
Listen, listen, save your breath.
Okay, I understand what you're saying.
You're not going to get through to those people.
Forget about it.
Stop wasting your energy.
Listen to me.
Forget about it.
The people who are protesting 99% of them don't even know why they're out there.
Okay, they're doing it because they're professional protesters.
So forget about it.
You're not going to reason with them.
Reasoning with them would be like trying to tell a Palestinians, hey, look, this guy's not your buddy.
He's dropping scud missiles right on where you live and their response is, hey,
next he's going to get in New York.
We're going to kill all you imperialists.
Okay, forget it.
You're just going to...
It's hard to forget.
Well, you've got to do it.
You just have to consider the source and understand where these people mostly are coming from.
Another one, another thing I was going to say.
It's nice to see a lot of the businesses I'm going in, everyone's having flags and trucks
and everyone feels real patriotic and together, but it's just great.
But it's unfortunate.
It has to be on the these circumstances.
Well, that's human nature.
You understand that?
Yeah.
And if we did it all the time, maybe now it wouldn't mean anything, okay?
Well, I think it would mean a lot.
Well, I don't think so because if you...
Just like I said about the Star Spangled Banner, you go out to the ball games or to racetrack
and there are a lot of people, they just stand up and the panel attention doesn't mean anything.
At a time like this, these things mean something special.
So...
I guess there is some good out of this craft.
Right.
Head a great thing.
Thanks a lot.
127 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
5249463.
5249463.
What do you give him one to him for?
Give him one of those operations on front things?
He's a...
He's a...
He's a trader.
He's working for the enemy.
But do you think they call him Scud Four?
We're going to launch his ass any second, by the way, too, if he doesn't cut it out.
Anyway, well, let's say it's good to have a real intellectual on the ear and the midst of all this other stuff.
He can give the opposite viewpoint.
It's excellent.
Here's a mobile in Paw Beach.
Hey, how's it going now?
Okay.
i just want to make a point you know i live in hollywood and drive to palm
beach every day
and uh... the consensus is that ninety percent of the people of ontia
army today
or middle or low income
from that part of america
these rich bastards up there in palm beach they don't even have the
they got so much money they don't care what's going on it don't turn your
headlights on they don't put the ribbons on the other thing over the caros that
can party with all the rich co-waiting over the world of the field
but in their neighborhood that's what i say
okay
let's bomb on beach sir i'm all with you
okay
all right we're gonna launch our first scutt right in the middle of palm
beach right on esti louder south today okay
he's sitting right in the other room
so help me if he puts that thing on i'm gonna go in there and just slice his head
off and put it on a plate
you're gonna put that on
pacifist
man
you ever see him in timothy liry together by the way
anyway it's one twenty eight w i o d
a pig report
yeah you bet
eight or nine cars uh... from h f t uh... they're sitting on root nine just
before i ninety five hundred and sixty seven three
great
and all the northbound side that
they got all kinds of people pulled over that's what i love is those great
american pig's man who put their lives on the line just like the troops like
the other day
real important stuff that you know you bet
makes you feel proud to be an american doesn't it so you're absolutely
without a doubt yet
thanks for the price to be off the ground
okay take care
as tight the knife would say thanks for the tip
one twenty nine at w i o d we have an open by the way line three is out of
order
so don't get all panic because i know how hysterical rick riley gets about the
phone
why can't you learn from me i never pay any attention to phone
anyway let's go to poppy chill out
deal how are you okay long time list there
i want to thank you a thousand percent for what you're doing because i
support a truth to
but to previous callers had a list of uh... what do you call it rich bastards
well i have a list of the review of these rich kind of people to but on
pombies
uh... who are not supporting the war and they happen to be the same kind of
people that uh... a previous call or called about before who said that um...
he missed um... the streets of san francisco
oh yeah i was watching cn i was getting the update of war that switch over to an
stame a child here's my list
the tenson christie allie of tears would have tears
demimo or shillim acclaim casey case of an arab american
who's making billions but changes name
kevin gillbert a musician shawne linen
well we know that oh yeah
uh... okay we have it as their run co-bick what it's not as a bird
by the way we played john by a slett if he and not uh... the beetles okay shawne
so you're not going to get any residuals from that baby
i heard that
okay we have roger from roger me
and we have margo kidder who's considered the new gene fund of the era of
canada by the way she's not even american citizenship
uh... you offer big ugly mouth right then you go back to uh... to the song you
sung the on the dot the song you play before of the canadian
who supported us uh... uh... previously yeah now conversely we go back to the
movie star to made movies in support of
the previous whether we had
from here to do full-mail jacket
because i'm a movie fan right we have uh... robert the new year old maro street
brando and she we have to vote burglar chale she know the and by no of all
things gene fund again and coming home
casualties of where we have pen michael jade fox bruce willis
and matty moe dean
we don't hear anything from them
but the list came out for the previous people that they are totally against the
war
now the people who have made the millions and millions of millions of dollars in
country by sitting on their job
and being prime time t-v
and of i think that the people who support them are people who are over in
i'd like right now i mean i'd like but i mean so you're a bit
are troops
their wives their children
the porting our war efforts watch these programs
and in some way i think they shouldn't because these are the people who are
are the paps of t-v-e
like the uh... i don't know i want to say michael decals but i mean the previous
callers of the street san francisco
who are watching next thing you know next thing you know what uh... will you
calm all of them to be sticking his nose into this
well not with american pressure probably can use the story for a few
six is knows into a man the whole coalition will break apart
what is that
sat on his his his his a mobile wasn't
he must have been if he wasn't before he is now tell you that
one thing i mean what the hell was that i think that was jane find out
and it
i think these people got a point i think jane find it and tend to know are doing
it i think she's doing calisthenics right over the year here
anyway speaking a case he case in case he comes to your life of my way with
another edition of america's bottom forty
brought to you by the oncy five companies north acne medication
oxymoron five
for a purple free
tenators
and
so
and
and
to be a little quicker on the day
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
And especially not for you, you reasons you don't speak proper English.
And a number one George Michael thinks he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there, too.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razors.
I won and lose that silly ass theory.
Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny hates jazz,
with I want to be a hero who's moving down on the charts and deservedly so.
Apparently Johnny also hates music.
I don't think Hero status is imminent Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is this all my life, Rod Stewart's newest release forever young.
And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me forever hung.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication.
It comes first from a listener in Pasadena, California, right to your KC.
I'm 16 years old, president of my class, I'm six foot two, I've blonde here,
way 175 pounds and stars quarter back from high school team.
The KC I have a problem.
The girls simply will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've already won before is my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Treat me as a person instead of some sex object.
And quit hitting upon me all the time.
KC, do you have any suggestions?
Sign Todd.
Well, here's my answer.
Dear flaming horrible.
At a boy, KC, you're doing it.
135 at WIOD and we'll be right back.
26 WIOD.
21 to 102 at WIOD.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Congratulations.
I haven't been waiting a long time in the line.
I wanted to say that I like your program.
It's the first time I call.
I love your program.
And I'm Cuban American and Catholic.
I want to send my support to all the process systems, the Jewish faith,
that I suffering now for this devilishness.
These people are crazy.
You know, the Iraqis and all the people in there.
And I suffer for the Israelis, you know, because it's too much.
But I'm glad the United States is helping Israel.
And I hope everything will come.
Okay.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
140 at WIOD.
There's an open and a line in day 751 and one in Broward.
Look at that.
524 WIOD.
North Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
I have a 19-year-old son.
That's about to be shipped over.
And I just wanted to share a conversation I had with him.
Maybe it'll make some people think.
I just like to talk to you about it.
He said that he's scared.
He's concerned about his well-being and the guys that are going over with him feel the same way.
But he said that as he grew up, I always helped him to understand what a great country this is.
And he realizes that.
And he's proud to be doing what he can do to do what's best for this country and for the people that we're trying to help.
But the thing that impressed me most is he said he and his buddies were talking.
And they said, hey, the Iraqis do something else to make themselves hated.
And they do some terrible thing to other people.
And every day there's some new announcement about what a terrible thing that they're doing.
And he said that he'd rather be there having a hand in stopping it than being here totally frustrated.
Like some of us are and not being able to do anything as far as actually doing something about it.
We have to help in our way by flying the flag and doing what we can.
But he said he and his buddies all agreed that they would rather be there actually participating in trying to stop these atrocities than being here like us just being frustrated most of the time.
Well, that's great. That's a great attitude.
I'd be pretty proud if I were you.
I am very proud. And I thought I would share it with you.
OK, best of luck. Thanks. Thanks.
142 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County 7519463.
And as you watch, for example, if you do have a satellite dish and you're getting hours and hours of these tape feeds from over there in Saudi Arabia.
That seems to be basically the attitude.
Obviously these people are scared out of their pants.
Most of them, I mean, they have no idea what's coming next and they're up against the maniac.
But at the same time, are they're confident they've got tremendous training.
They've got the best technology and weaponry and their ranks just to do the job.
And that's the attitude that comes through.
A mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? Neil. OK.
My name is Jay. I'm from Miami, George.
And I've been listening to your radio station ever since this little situation occurred.
Yeah. But not only do I have my head lights on, I have my high beams on.
Right. Definitely support the troops over there.
And my heart with all the families of these people and these idiots that are talking about these things.
Of course, we all need to be in order to get things.
We got to put our foot down and say, hey, this is the way we want to live.
And this is the way the human people should be together.
And try to finish off this madman that's been the situation he thinks he's going to win that I buried out here at the end of the day.
With the president and our people that are there, I was born in Cuba, but I was raised in the United States.
And I'm an American citizen. I'm very proud of that.
And my baby is an American citizen. And my wife is too.
And I support our troops. And if they were to call me to say, hey, it's your turn, buddy.
I would be right there with them right next to them. Not behind them or front them, but side by side with them.
OK.
And I just want to say you're doing a great job. God bless you guys and our troops over here in the desert and our tomb.
And I hope they have a safe return. Thanks a lot, Jay. All right, buddy.
Take it up. Bye-bye.
143 at WIOD. We have an open line and date. County 7519463 751 WIOD. Here's a, this is Fort Lauderdale on a Palm Beach line.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Oh, pretty good. Hey, I just want to say that Casey Capen bit with hilarious.
That's old Casey, boy. He's a pile of laughs.
Yeah, my wife and I had started good year of brunt going over her house last night.
Yeah, North Lauderdale. And the message came up. Turn your headlights on south Florida.
Great. So you're getting the message out.
I'll tell you when I come on a turnpike every day and I get off at the tool booth and they all, I guess some of the people have ripped them off of there.
But most of the tool booths, I just have a sign right on it says support our troops turn on your headlights. That's great.
Oh, that's great. Yeah. There's a lot of people out there without a one still though.
Well, listen, just, just focus in on the ones who do and the rest of them there in La La land. Don't worry about it.
Okay. I just want to call on what you know. You know, we saw that last night.
Great. Okay. And hopefully PR now in a real game. Find us someday.
There you go. Anted center.
I want to tell all the guys of the Prinsale, they're a bunch of douspecs.
Okay. Have a great day. All right.
145 at WIOD. We have an open line in good old Palm Beach. 6559463.
We're launching scud at 330 this afternoon. We're putting them right on the red swits back.
And we're going to launch him right off in the middle of Palm Beach.
That'll fix your ass. Probably hers too.
Anyway, it's 145 at WIOD. We're going to do a little piece of business here. We'll be right back.
Use dog radio six pan WIOD for over 65 years.
We've been covering the news from around the world and South Florida from World War II
to the war in the Gulf. 610 WIOD's experienced news team brings you all the information as it happens 24 hours a day.
Keep it tuned to 610 WIOD throughout the day and into the night.
When news happens, you'll hear it on South Florida's news, traffic and weather station.
Newsock Radio 610 WIOD.
168 WIOD.
Also want to mention town center in Boka has produced readings from Florida cards for mailing to US military personnel in the Persian Gulf Shopping Center customers can pick up these cards free of charge at participating stores beginning February 7th at next Thursday.
Cards can also be obtained at center court guest services at the town center next Thursday and Friday 4 to 9 p.m.
And next Saturday, February 9th through Thursday the 14th during all mall hours with the postcard shoppers also get a mailing label to any service person address for either land-based or ship-based personnel.
That's at the town center in Boka.
Okay, it's 149. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Hi.
My statement I wanted to make was the other night on the news. I was watching how they were talking about all the concerns of the children and how it's affecting children today and their anxieties and all this other kind of thing.
And I said, boy, since they never did care before about all the simulated wars that they put on TV and the murders and how many hundred thousand murders they watched since they were a kid in the first place in all the fears and anxieties they got over.
They were scaring movies. Now all of a sudden they're talking about the war and how it's affecting the children. Why didn't they worry about all the fear they put in the kids before?
Well, because it wasn't a major news story and they couldn't get any hype on it.
Right?
I guess so. I just I never did care for scaring movies and all these murders. And I think that's one of the reasons we have such high crime today in the first place.
Of course, everybody says that but nobody does anything about it. Well, I support my troops and I turn my lights on. I went out and bought a little flag to put on my antenna.
Good. And yeah, it affects me too. And I see that nobody has their lights on. Of course, a lot of people still don't know what's going on. My mother didn't know anything about it until just this past week.
Just a couple of days ago, I let her know what it was all about.
Well, it depends on where I mean, it depends on where you are. West Broward is doing a big job and on the turnpike. But certain parts of town, the news travels slowly.
The camel is thirsty and is getting there real slowly.
Well, she works to the place where she doesn't watch the news. She doesn't get to watch her. She doesn't listen to you on the radio.
I'm sure that. So you have to spread the word about now. Okay. Thank you.
Keep it up.
151 at WIOD and Open Line in Broward 5249463. A mobile from the Redlands. Hello.
How you doing? Who's this? This is Neil. I think who's this?
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Listen, the other first time I'm calling. I want to ask you if you could brief me on this.
Honest racing thing. Yeah. What's this all about? I was in the Thoroughbred industry until I got chased out of Calder.
And I was just listening. I was interested in what this is all about. Do you have a horse or WIOD or some people?
Yeah, it's a promotion that the station started with Pompato back a couple of months ago.
And the people who came on the fruit on the night of a certain race all have clubhouse passes to get in every time this horse races, which includes tonight.
And then at the end of the meeting, however much your money the horse makes will be divided up by those people who are there the most often when he races.
So long the horse though. Much of people are WIOD or?
What are the same people on it who owned it originally? The track is going to double the person I for the promotion so that we get some money for our people.
And the horse is called Christmas Pass. Christmas list. Oh Christmas list. Yeah. Christmas pass was a little over some day he'll be Christmas fast, but right now he's Christmas list.
Yeah, so you just go there and you bet on the horse, but I don't do it ownership or whatever. No. As far as that.
But I just want to tell you there's no innocent people in Iraq. Is what?
There is no innocent people in Iraq and everybody out in the golf. They're all heroes.
And that's all I got to say. Okay, thanks. 152 at WIOD. Here's a call from for a lot of days. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay. This is the first time call for me and I think it's your show that's done it. But I want to say something.
There's an album out called Threads of Glory 200 Years in America. And you're not feeling too patriotic.
If you listen to that, it was made in 76 for the bicentennial and has been Governor Reagan and quite a few other ones doing words and music to history.
I took a part of that tape to the pig bowl and we put it on the ghetto blasters, all the patriotic music from it.
And it really is stirring. And what you're doing, it really, and I'm a vet. And I really feel that when I came over Vietnam, we couldn't wear our uniforms.
But what you're doing is making all those boys over there hero and keep it up. Okay, thanks a lot. 153 at WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Neil, if I could get away from those two dates at Joe Robbie for the game ball games, right?
The March 30th and 31st. Who's playing Yankees and Orioles? They're both Yankees. Orioles will kick the Yankees to straight.
Well, I'm sure that we hope. Another thing I haven't heard too much is on the Monday issue of the Harold, like on the fourth of the fifth page, they had Lee Rousseau and some other guys dancing and celebrating in the war time.
And none wrong with that. I understand they're celebrating, but UM kicks Texas, but in the big deal about them dancing and all.
And now I don't hear nothing about them dancing in war time. About who dancing? The the giants after they won the ball. Yeah.
And they didn't make a big deal, but UM dances and everybody's talking trash about them. Yeah. Well, listen, have a great life and don't give me started with UM football again. Okay. Thank goodness it's over.
154. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Did you read the hell today? I don't get the Harold, sir. The ultimate condo commando story. Oh, you made about the shooting the 55 year old limit.
Well, I guess I guess he won't be enforcing that limit anymore. They're really well, I don't think the president's going to be around to live in force.
I don't know how people live in condominiums. Well, they're massacres, sir. I guess they enjoy every second of it. That's right. I just thought you might have fighting my tongue. I'm restraining a lot of things I could say now, but you can imagine.
Yes, sir. Okay. Have a great life. 155 at WIOD. If you've got that, if you got that there, I mean, for in case anybody missed a story, which I cannot imagine that anybody could have, although most of us are focused on somewhat more important things that are going on in the world.
Is it on the front page of the front section boy? Infuriated by rules, Margate man slays condo president.
A Margate retirement condominiums board president was shot to death Thursday allegedly by a condo owner who became enraged after being told he could not lease out his unit to somebody under the age of 55.
So we have warfare and a Persian Gulf. And we have certain domestic activities that are going on here in South Florida. And I'm really sorry he brought that up because I did a great job of getting through the intent just to get you all crazy.
Anyway, let's I don't want to hear his name again today. Okay. Just give me a couple of an hour and a half of rest from you know who.
Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Good. I just want to congratulate you on all the good things you're doing for the troops. And I want to say here at the Hoover Company in North
Biling Beach, we support the troops 100%. We hope they kick ass and come home safe. They're doing it. Thank you, sir. Okay. 1227 at WIOD. We have an open line in date County 7519 463 751 WIOD.
Thank you. Take a call in beautiful. Davey. Hello. Neil. Hi. I don't okay. Even the last week you had us call up to Miami. He did both the national anthem. The way they weren't playing the national anthem. Well, I've been trying to get
truth. You're seeing stand. I called up and I spoke to a lady there. I can't remember her name. And she said it was the heat policy, not just not to play the national anthem because the people didn't know the words. That's the truth. I'm standing here. What people?
The audience. They don't know the words. That's what you said. I said, is that the official heat policy? That's why you play America the beautiful. And she said, yeah. So I said, well, I'm sure glad I'm not in the NBA basketball to that. Well, that probably explains why there aren't too many headlights on in in day County. People just don't know what's going on. I want to tell you as well. A great book called Inside the PLO. Yeah. Can't remember the author because I'm kind of nervous talking to you, but it's really my two guys and excellent. I'm going to say, yeah. I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah. I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to say, yeah,
a lot of inside group on all sorts of shady characters. Is that a new book? I believe so. Yeah. It's high, but it's a lot of stuff, a lot of interesting stuff. And let me say, Oh, yeah, Harris had a 10 lights on this morning among a million other cars coming down, coming down. Baby road this morning. So I guess we're doing it in David. Okay. Okay. I have a great day. 1231, a WI would either Dynand Davey. We have an open line in Broward.
And 5249463 want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood right now. If you want one of those beautiful well built fuel efficient 91 Toyota. You'll find the biggest selection. The best pro pro pro. 35 and WI would be boy. They just had that. Iraqi ambassador to the U S was fled by the way to
morsd Meredith Austria Vienna. I think is where he's hanging out. He denies that he's looking for political, but he probably went out there to get some sausage or something. But he's very upset about this rampant slaughter of innocent Iraqi civilians.
the whole world should be condemning us they just had some Iraqi woman
on CNN standing in the middle of the rubble shaking her finger you are all responsible
for this you're doing this for oil we are human beings you are all right
she sounded like the protesters out in San Francisco
stick her out there on the golden gate bridge with Alex Bennett okay give her a
map
my heart is bleeding for you lady
how about the million people who died in the Iranian Iraq war huh
million i said thousands before i was wrong it's over a million
not to count the hundreds of thousands of people who were slaughtered
murdered rate tortured in Kuwait that's another story right
market is down 8.92 let's go to Del Rey hello
now the first time i've called you i think you guys are just doing a great job
thank you and uh... i just the something else came out a couple things really
bottom you know what i say but
the lady that was on here earlier saying about you know the residents afraid that
uh... you know there's nuts out there and
i tell you i've been a cop in here for ten years and
she sounds like she ought to listen to her husband sounds like a smart guy
there are some nuts out here you bet and she ought to keep it you know just
that home and with friends and support the troops
everybody supporting the truth and i think it's great
did you see in the morning right after uh...
i like to call it who say internet work news
when the guy that had the civilian and he's sitting in this wreckage in this
rubble he's in there saying he goes if you want to wait
you're gonna have to kill us but yet
you know the press it's over there pushing for these numbers
and they're and they're saying we're well
the same same we're we're killing all these citizens
but you have to get a citizen on the tv saying that uh...
hey how about when the palestinians when the when the last two scuds
dropped on the west bank
on the palestinians and their comments were we don't care
okay in other words no matter what he does it's okay and there was one of the
palestinians running around to speak to the english
who was saying uh... long live said i'm he's gonna destroy new york he's gonna
wipe you all out you know they're all putting out an act for the cameras
here listen i have no sympathy for these people their lunatics they're insane
and uh... you know they brought it on themselves
i just don't understand it i mean how can these people sit over there and say
yes we we support him go ahead bomb us but uh... you know i have to have a mask
you know give me a mask you know i'm not gonna sit around and have this
happening to my supporting and and a people in
in uh... by rack every time that they get on tv and if and if it was free press
over there right now you see a lot more of it but they stand around every time
you see them and they're saying i support him i think i'm putting on a good show
for the cameras just like the protest i'd like to refer to his
saying network news right
eight hnn yeah i i just don't understand it
that's pretty much all i wanted to say it and and i did
you these press guys on these i'm starting to turn it off like you said
uh... i watch it and something looks like it's coming on all the turns to you
and back on
but uh... the press every time they have one of these these briefings on that
and i've been watching them like daily every day
and he's these these newspaper guys and they're just pressing them for numbers
and the guys are saying
we can't give you this because it's gonna kill our true yeah well that's
that's why we'll make here when we carry the briefings on i would be here we
carry the statement that's made by the military
and then we cut out of it because the question uh... all most of the ninety
percent of the questions
our questions they know they can't answer anyway so it's a real waste of time
they keep saying it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
they got to make it look like they're doing their job
yeah i guess they got to do something
have a great day
twenty one to one of the wio d i saw a plantation police car with his lights on
yesterday
on knob hill road i couldn't believe it he didn't even have a radar gun
way to go guys you're doing it they're kicking ass in plantation
usually they're on
corral springs is gone
are you there
long gone that's a clicking line south Miami hello
i knew hi i had a couple things i wanted to say first of all i'm a jew
for my amie and
when they let you know that you wanted us to call in you don't have a banjo on
your need to do you
pardon you have a banjo on your name because i have my i got my uh... rebel flag
here with my arm of the car got a arm of the uh... dixie uh...
i'm the kid that i've got to do in the parking lot eight months ago to get in
your show for the anniversary show
to get a my show you remember that
i stopped in the parking lot
i wanted to get on the anniversary show oh yeah right i want to say hi and
was a couple things i wanted to say too
i think it's about time that people started realizing what the true motives of
the power the p o l o is
and that when people keep talking about wanting a negotiate and
and putting pressure on israel the federal with these people
everybody's quick to forget about muayk and about antebi and about uh... all
the act that they've been responsible for
the true charter of their organization is first the destruction of israel
right then the creation of a homeland
i heard a line this morning somewhere they were one of the uh... palestinians was
talking about them
uh... there the legitimate right to uh... palestine i didn't know that there
was a country called palestine i thought it was jordan israel yeah
and i thought they said in forty seven that they wanted it all or nothing
but uh... i think you're doing an incredible job you make me last every day
and uh... this reminds me the old days i know you don't want to go back but it
is a great change okay it is nice and i'm listening
have a good we got our lights on thanks take care
twelve forty and w i would be we have an open line in date county seven five one
nine four six three and i'm gonna say again what i said yesterday
uh... it it's very very disturbing to me and i'm sure there were a lot of other
people especially jews
that this whole thing about uh... israel and the palestinians has somehow gotten
dragged in this this alleged linkage in the discussions
it it hasn't gotten thank goodness in when a negotiations that were going on
but in the discussions of this and of course that's the constant excuses to
uh... stand up those palestinian people and keep it's slipping them around
all it's the poor palestinians that's what the real problem is in the middle
east and again let me ask any rational person including any uh...
propelotie people out there what does that have to do
with invading to wait
and killing thousands of people and raping the women and torturing and the
plucking eyes out and doing the kinds of it and then saying oh it's part of a
rack now we just annexed it
how how is it possible for anybody who's even got one marble between his ears
to make any kind of relationship between those things and obviously it's not
but again there are those people in the media who just keep getting sucked into
that sucked into that just keep going back to that as if one has anything at
all to do with the other
the only thing it points out is that if israel wasn't there at all if we woke up
tomorrow morning and the population of israel was dispersed all through the
rest of the world and didn't exist anymore was just a barren desert
it would it would change nothing
because the fanatical airbellaments all the different factions over there
they would still find other things to be killing each other over
and let me say it again there weren't Jews for the most part in Kuwait there
may be a handful there were other Arabs
said i'm as brothers that he keeps talking about that he keeps trying to
hype up into joining jump it on the bandwagon
to self destruction
1242 at wiod mobile in my any spring hello
hi hi
i wanted to point out something that uh...
i find a bit hypocritical
you know i agree with your position on this particular issue on the war
there are a lot of liberal Jews like yourself
larry king
ironson even though so large r-new York
for our normally
anti any type of military aggression to help other people liberate their homeland
help other people with their problem such as what
central america for example
yet when it comes to what we did not have to do that i was against what we did
in panamol i wasn't against that was i against what we did in the libya
what
eight to the car that's right i was very much against it
here so was Steven solar
which i think that we are there in the middle of the world but when it's something
in such as you close to your heart
you suddenly stand up they are in america let's go out and get some but what
of what does that mean close to my heart do i have some kind of ties with kawaii
you have some kind of guys with israel
all i see so in other words this this bears out what i just got to say is very
timely what i just said a moment ago
this is a good the start of this had nothing to do with israel
most of the land on your health and head has something to do with it
yeah and what's the point my and my anti-semitic friend what's the point
i'm not anti-semitic
here you are
here you are
i support israel but i support Jews like Benjamin Netanyahu
will stand up for the right of country such as the people of neco-adwa
so in other words if we don't agree with you on every position of foreign policy
then somehow we're hypocrites is that what you're saying
because now you're ready to kick but and when we needed to even so large
and broke back in nineteen seventy nine nineteen eighty the fun of
contrast it was out there talking about what a right right yeah the
countries who were busy peddling drugs into a great job raising money sure
okay and britain and the violating the uh... laws of the nation okay let let's
have a big parade for all in or throw again okay
sir i'm not going to take the time like i said a million times during these last
two weeks
i don't do this topical crap anymore what we're doing here is because there's a
war going on we're serving a function that i feel is needed i think this
station doing a great job i'm not going to get sucked back into that kind of
crap okay you want to call ft on have a big argument with one of their mavens
have a great time but don't impune my motives and don't give me a big song
and dance because i don't happen to agree with you on every issue
the threat is not just the israel the threat is to the entire globe
when you have a madman on the loose like this who's killed millions of innocent
people and gas to zone people
so please uh... save all your venom for for somebody else
come on good line
watch the way now j
of joseph
twelve fifty three will play a draper la bomba with the ronald regan juniors just
a second one we can find it
anyway there's mister a pacifist in the other room just came in
you know i learned an interesting thing about him the other day was talking
about when he was in the navy but he was also out there protesting
he's another one of those professional protesters that's what he is
i saw a bunch of people when i left yesterday protesting your show
they got that loretta twit on today man let's get serious
anyway let's go to north mimey b chillow
hello i'm doing okay first of all i'd like to say that that uh...
i've only been down for a couple weeks
and my introduction to my amy was to listen to your show on the way in
as i was going to read your station to try to find something listen to
right after the enjoyed thank you uh... i am very impressed in fact it gave me a
good impression about the area when i got down here well don't get carried away
i do think that there's one thing that we ought to remember uh... just like
to put on your show there's a lot of people behind the scenes that that don't
get a lot of credit don't get the fame etc that we've got guys over across uh...
over in southeon and obviously i am very touched about that i'm in the
military myself but there's a lot of guys over here that support those guys over
there you know and uh...
sending
sending supplies and and and basically a backup just like the guys behind you
you know that help you put on your show
i think we are a remember those and then there's another another group that i
think ought to be recognized and as the people who are here
trying to keep the terror attacks down to a minimum
uh... and those are people behind the scenes that we don't hear about i mean if
they catch somebody if they stop something we don't even know about it doesn't show
up in the news
and uh... i'd just like to say that that when i have my lights on i have my
lights on for all of them not just the guys over there fighting
who i'd like my heart goes out to you know i go over myself if i wasn't
me to place out but somebody above me makes a decision about where we go
okay
thanks a lot thank you
twelve fifty five at wio d we have an open line in dav county seven five one nine
four six three water hill
yes hi hi i'm the first time listen to uh...
i mean the first time for whatever
yeah whatever okay uh...
this one first of all thank you for helping keep my life on
for times on a remember until i was here you are
to mention on the radio
uh... i got my flag up of my garage i just put up yesterday and you know i'm
just feeling very proud these days but
the public's bother me about these peace protesters
you know um...
i'm no
supporting our boys overseas and everything
but uh... what really bothers me is these
people who are accustomed to these protesters
you know trying to physically
stop them from doing what they're doing and exercising their right of
free speech
it reminds me of a story that uh...
if what's buddy of my father used to tell me
someone he knew who the POWV at mom
and this guy said that
one of the ways that they would try to torture him is showing him
pictures of uh... protesters back in america who were burning the flag and
everything and showing trying to break his spirit
showing people burn the flag and protesting against the war and everything
else
and this guy used to say that uh...
one thing they kept them going is knowing that
in america you're allowed to do that without getting arrested or anything and
that's what it's all about for us to do that in
Iraq or the at-mom or any place else
a lot of places in the world
i'll just throw you in the slammer you know
i don't think they waste time in a slammer it's offered your head and that's it
well i think a lot of the Arab countries yet
now i was gonna uh...
also
about the compliment you and i had a couple of the two three quarters
that uh...
that was that was definitely something like an anti-smell well whether he was
or he wasn't i mean these right wing fanatics who see you know this business of
if you were with me on this issue uh... typical at your degree on this one
that's just a pile of crap okay all all these people that can't get together for
that would be like president bush getting up in the state of the union address
and chastising all the democrats or republicans in a congress
who didn't go along with them on other issues i mean it would be juvenile
and there's some people who can't see beyond petty politics or their own
personal prejudices and i just don't have the patience for people like that
i mean this is an american issue and obviously there are people with different
shades of opinion and people that don't agree
but the overwhelming majority who do agree do so because they understand
what what it's really all about and to try to bring in any kind of an ethnic or
religious or any other kind of ulterior motives to it is really pathetic
i also think it's interesting that uh... if you get people who are
the palestinian origin in the middle east or really any of the arab's and
if they decide to outwardly take
a moderate stand
that all of a sudden
their uh... businesses get boycotted
their families will get beat up and threatened yeah a lot of time to even
worse and i think that's a big issue while you're dealing with them often
when the mentality that's absolutely hopeless and again these uh... they've
chosen their leadership and this is the fate that they've made for themselves
and it is never gonna change unless they decide that uh... they can overthrow the
arafat and the uh... i believe you don't see the other lunatic uh... extremist
and find a more moderate leadership that they're gonna be wandering forever
they'll be continued uses upon in the big chest and that's all they are
they're the most exploited people on the face of the globe
sure that keep complaining that we don't listen to them you know
how can we or why should we listen to them when that their own leaders don't even
listen to them there are no most of those countries are ruled by
tyrants and just look at three of the five-year-old yeah
well one of the uh... forget who was a made a comment yesterday about they
were comparing how fed off as a sort of serious with uh...
who's saying and he said the only differences that said i'm who say i'm
got a bigger military so that's the only difference at all
well listen you have a great day thank you thanks for calling
open-minded broard five two four nine four six three and uh... we're gonna pause
for the news with a lane editor coming up at one o'clock
and then we'll come back for our one to two hour we got rickens scud coming along
from two to six this afternoon star of state screen and anything else you can
think of it says loretta swit of masher's gonna be here is that in the studio
did you find out you don't know do we ever find anything out he's to
listen such as too busy running around with his war protest t-shirt and the
lighting the uh... flag on fire at channel seven and just crouching down on a
map there with rick san caz cut it out so as you're acting like a jackass
joe zagaki and sunny her shun sports talk six o five tonight
hankoalberg open phones tonight from eight to eleven
