Wow, what a touching moment. What a touching moment. Look at that Ian and Gilbert are touching
each other. Isn't that beautiful? Wow, that's really something. Anyway, I screwed up my
first bit. I had a real good ACN thing I wanted to play. Thank you so much to a... How come
it's all distorted? How come the overhead is all distorted? Are we going to do some technical
screw-ups today in honor of a typical sound Florida radio? Isn't it distorted, George?
Sounds like all distorted in here. Maybe it's my ears. Anyway, we got Gilbert here with
little sack. What is that? Is it if it's something... No, no. These are... First of all,
hummin' con' Toshim couldn't be in a bag this small. There's something that's being
a bag this small, Gilbert. I don't want to get personal. Gilbert, why is it hermetically
sealed? Oh, look at that. Wait till you see what's in here. There are those little
goy-ish ones. Okay, look at that. Little triangles. There's the... Have a good time with
them, Gilbert. And a nice card. Ian is here with little box. Kelvin's private parts are
in the box. It's beautiful. I hope that's right. Then I've had a good time. So anyway,
when does that thing go to re-cute? Can I play this now? Ten-oh-waited W-I-O-D. And
it's quite a day. I want to thank Mr. Disney and Cheryl for that beautiful thing, that
flower thing with a big horseshoe and the purple sash. And it says happy 15th anniversary.
I also want to thank Rick and Suzlisters for those brutal calls yesterday. I'm driving
up to Pompato. And just one after another attacking me, all these waxy listeners. You
know? Something doesn't sound right in this overhead. Am I... Don't you agree? Or am
I just losing it? It doesn't sound right. Hello. Am I doing the wrong one? I don't think
it's even on. Is it? Have you cranked it down in there? Is this like some kind of high
jinx that Chuck Meyers involved in again? Anyway, it's 10-oh-nine at W-I-O-D. Not slanting
was traumatic last night. Did you see it, Ian? Probably a little too emotional for you.
Pat Peterson was stark naked. Linda took the engagement ring and you ought to see where
he put it. And he's back with mommy now. And the valve is crazier than ever. And the
dogs are hiding out in Gary's garage and just in credit. Just too... too emotional to
describe it all. It was great. Today is the official day to turn the headlights off. I
decided that I'm not going to be influenced by all these over-emotional people out there.
Troops aren't going to come home for weeks and in some cases months and to have them on
now would be kind of diminished the purpose in the first place and also give the people
it's a sunset and all the reason to write some more stupid columns like the one Gary Stein
wrote today. So I turned them off this morning. Turn them off. And then when the troops come
home, we can have big parades and celebrate and do the appropriate things. Turn them
off now or like I said, Gilbert, turn them off. Gilbert's got them on so everybody should
turn them off. Hold that microphone up there. Don't turn it on. Just make him think he's
turning it on. Okay, Gilbert's here. What's in the box, Ian? Give for me something I can
wear like some pantaloonies. Boy, that overhead is all screwed up, George. I'm telling you.
Wow. I just... You don't have another mic open, do you? Why did you open up Gilbert's
mic? Now you can open it up. That's it. Just a little after in the background. Gilbert's
here for a couple hours just to warm up for Wednesday. Our big, remote at specs. Let's
see what's in the box from Ian. And Kelvin. Oh, look what Kelvin put in there. Boy, I
didn't know he had a spare. A beautiful cubs. Is it a cubs thing? A beautiful 99 cent cubs
t-shirt. Look at that. Beautiful. And the cubs red and blue colors and a nice little
card with a couple hundred dollars in it. By the way, speaking of a couple hundred dollars,
Kelly Shepherd of in Pompadot Park, as you know, is serving his suspension for a few
days, not driving. And he came up last night, fat rich, and I want to personally thank
him for talking us off the mortal lock in the last race with Don Harmon and talking
his into a total stiff with Luke Loyer, who ordinarily I wouldn't bet with Chinese money, who
made a break at the start of the race and is still breaking in 5,000 lengths behind Kelly.
Nice job, baby. Came around, said, hi, how you doing? Sat down, drank out of his paper
cup. Was in the elevator going home before the last race. And all of a sudden looked at
this program and couldn't resist coming back, talking us out of the winter and talking
us into a total stiff. Kelly, you're a hell of a guy, but as usual, full of crap. Man,
he's in here just kind of lurching over waiting for the food. Now, I do want to alert
everyone that we're going to hopefully have lots and lots of food today. Everybody out
there who has ever brought us food is invited to bring in lots of food, weighing Arnold
and early, early midday and often all throughout this extravaganza today. Jeff from Pizza
Loft, Flores, of course, will be expecting that any second. I'll be looking for my salad
from sunny any minute. And that's basically what I'm digging and do. Carol's coming from
Latavarneta with some locale stuff and some diet cheesecake alleged. So we ought to have
a couple of minutes after 10 at W. I. O. D. some people will do anything to escape the
rat race, but no one can do it as hilariously as Bill Murray and other big cups fan. By
the way you do know that, don't you, Gilbert? Yes, he's a cup fan. Gina Davis. That's what
I just said. And Randy Quaid in QuickChange, the hilarious Heist and Pursuit Caper now available
on video cassette from Warner Home Video as achingly funny as a fish called Wanda says
the L. A. Times. Marie's funny since Ghostbusters as sneak previews. When her frazzled
Herbidite disguises himself as a clown and sets himself out to rob a bank. He discovers
that sniping a million bucks is a snap compared to getting out of town. QuickChange, a ticket
to ride for comedy lovers everywhere. It's waiting for you now at all specs and it's rated
R and be sure and join us this Wednesday, March 6th when Gilbert joins us to do our thing.
You're going to be there, right? I hope so. I can find it. No comment about that. We'll
find it. For the best selection for all your music and video needs, the one place always
is specs with over 50 locations statewide, now including that gigantic, beautiful, incredible
one. The new Super Star at the Soargrass Mills. Probably that bedroom scene did it for you.
Oh, wow. It was incredible. I have it on tape. You do? I didn't tape it though. I did
tape, however. Did you see that thing they had last night on telephone? Voice of that
care? No. The Nelson Twin Bar on. Really? Wow. I'll dub it before you think. Okay. It
was really good. I had a lot of fun. Actually, what we're going to do is we're going to borrow
some of their hair and we're going to have Elaine Etter kind of weave it onto her head.
That would be good. See if we can improve it. At this point, anything would help. So
well, I'm Tony. You might sound like you're emotionally strung out from between the Nelson's
and Pat Peterson lives. Now I think she can handle it anymore. Oh, very draining. Boy,
drain the out. Evidently. Well, listen, have a wonderful weekend and a great life. Bye.
Wow. Man, oh, man. It's well, that's from one extreme to the other, I guess. We had
Lee Fowler, Jr. and then a blade runner girl. And of course, we have Gilbert here who's
just a sitting by waiting for the food. Well, I'm enjoying listening to you and to all
you. Well, are you? We understand you've been calling. We understand you've been calling
certain other stations in the market. We're very enthusiastic about that to keep it up.
20 after 10. By the way, Gulfstream Park, home of the Florida Derby is now going to be home
of the breeder's cup again. That's official. It's absolutely fine. What do you know about
it? You work there doing what? Doing what? Oh, shoveling out stalls. Yeah. That was perfect
for you. It looks like you stuck your head in one. Anyway, the breeder's cup is coming back
in 92. And of course, as brilliantly as they handled it in 89, we know it's going to be
just a real happening anyway this weekend. Tomorrow, the $75,000 Broward handicap for three
year olds and up at a mile and an eighth secret. Hello and sports view. Third and second
in the Don handicap will be in that one. And on Sunday, the $200,000 rampart handicap
Florida's richest and most important test for Phillies and mayors on the main track.
Grade two, a van to the mile and a 16th. And don't forget Sunday. In fact, every Saturday
and Sunday from 7 to 9 a.m. It's breakfast at Gulfstream. You can go see the workouts,
have a great time. And for a nominal buffet, they've nominal fee. They've got a great breakfast
buffet, free parking admission and prizes. That's every Saturday and Sunday, 7 to 9 a.m.
through Sunday, March 10th at Gulfstream. And kids 17 under always admitted free with a
company buying adults. So get out there for a big weekend of great racing this weekend
at Gulfstream. Post time every day except Wednesday is one in the PM.
Hey, listen, if you have absolutely no life at all, which is most of you, I'm sure you'll
want to stick around to two every day for those guys, Rick and Sods.
Rick and Greer who's 28. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Well, Alex Jr. is here and he sat down right next to Gilbert. And the first thing Gilbert
said is, well, do you want to play with it? The zoom tube. Gilbert, we got the zoom tube
bud. Give us a little take me out to the ball and through the zoom tube, Gilbert.
Okay. Okay. Okay. To be continued. Man, Gilbert through the tube is that incredible or what?
Big pine key. Yeah. Yes, sir. We just wanted to say at the anniversary,
everybody down in the keys. Well, thanks a lot, buddy. And we want to know what's Ricky
going to do without his map now. I don't know. Probably squat. Have a nice life.
See you. 1025 at WID boy. Have we missed Gilbert or what? It's been a long time.
I'm enjoying my life. Little did I realize what good time we were having the last few months
since you've been here. We got P P from Pember Pines. Happy anniversary, there big boy.
It wow is right. My favorite car on the on the wave. Come down and sit on the end.
Slap. He said, lap this. Well, happy anniversary. Yeah, where have you been?
I went to create. I was going to stay for two weeks and ended up staying for if you know what I mean.
Yeah. I believe it. I just got back. I'm still suffering from a little jet fat. I mean,
yeah, yeah, I think a lot of people over there listened to Rick and Sud. Why is that?
Because every party I went to I heard, oh, that love. Yeah, I heard there hygiene isn't too good
over there either. They have a habit of dropping the soap. It sure is. Yeah. Well, it sure. What is it?
Can you play something for me? Okay. You know that thing where it says Neil Rogers causes that
mission. Well, oh, yeah. I heard it's right up your alley. That one. Okay.
Fly it over to boy boy. Wow. Now we've got it made. It is 1026. A day without PPs like a day without
sunshine. We have an open line of Dave County 751 and one in Broward 524 WI would be George's on
the bad line. Who's that Jeff Cohen with the is it? Look at that. He's nodding. He said,
it is Jeff Cohen. I'm telling you that man is so chronic. I'm just unbelievable. As food is
wonderful from pizza loft with guy is out of control. Fort Lauderdale is gone. That's a
clicking line day on the anniversary. Wouldn't be complete without one good click. Miami. How are you
Neil? Wonderful, sir. Happy anniversary. You flew in from Chicago. This is your old Chicago fan. Yeah.
To wish you happy anniversary. You flew in from Chicago to wish me an anniversary. Actually,
not a came down for golf. I listen. Whatever happened to him. Yeah. He's the 60 cycle tone on
radio memories now. They have his head hooked up to the transmitter. What's your hat? I'll bring
it back. A Chicago cup at our send you one down. 26. Yeah. Only on this day when they bring in
the flowers like this and it gets emotional. Your head swell. It starts swelling. Okay. If you get my
drift. Yeah. Okay. Listen. What's a better day to go to golf stream Friday or Saturday?
We'll definitely Saturday. They'll be great. Oh, big day tomorrow. I see down. They're having the
Sunday racing. They promoting Sunday is the bigger day down here now. No. Okay. Okay. So Saturday is
a good day. Yes, sir. You can't get reserved a clubhouse box seats without a season pass down here.
Beats me. Don't ask me. Don't get me involved in all these problems. I got enough of my
answer. I work in radio. Okay. I'll go. I'll punch your guts out. Hey, listen, it's a great
place. Go see Fred the Usher. He'll take care of you. Tell him you want to sit in the IOD box.
He'll kick your ass out. It'll be great. Well, all right. Get my regards to Mike Disney. Okay. Thanks
a lot. Bye. Okay. Mike. He said up yours. We have oh, by the way, do you hear that thing we started
yesterday? Where's the Denimberg jingle? That was great. It happened by accident. Paul Harvey,
Jr. at a very annoying call, by the way. It was bugging us about a bunch of stuff in
the moon and this one was a smoney and all this other crap. But we got a great new thing we're
doing now here. Let's give you an example. Just a second.
He is still world's biggest asshole. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Yeah. He's a nice man.
I'm mad about him. He is a wonderful guy. Look at his flower. Is Mr. Disney sent in here for me
and for Gilbert? He said, well, I heard Gilbert was coming. What is it? I spoke to him. That's for
my horse. It's a big horseshoe. That's for Luke Louis horse in the 12th race at Poppano last night.
If he ever crosses the finish line, he's still up in the air, Kelly. Nice job, baby. I wonder how
much Dominic paid him off to come back to the table. What is it? Mike Disney is a nice person. I met him at
Chauwabi Stadium. At Chauwabi? The football. When the dolphins were playing the Patriots. What's the
name of the stadium? Chauwabi Stadium. That's my favorite. You know, and he's a nice,
tough, pleasant guy. He's a wonderful guy. Man, I'm telling you, he's a good guy. He's talking
about Chitilth. And he signs my checks so we love him dearly. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you, sir. I've only been listening to Shiband IOD, but it seems
like 15 years. It seems like a lifetime. It's been a lifetime. And then, though. Yeah. Well,
happy anniversary and 15 more. Thanks a pile. By the way, the world's most depressing man. That's how
we got started on this thing yesterday. He was in here. He really is a sure hope he doesn't come
into late, even though we have a lot of food. Johnny Dork. The man is so depressing. He makes
Bob Lanciter seem like good time, Charlie. Came in here yesterday and we all, how come they didn't
carry this wall all the way to the end? How come they didn't finish him off? He is still
the world's biggest asshole. Very well done. Ralph Redneck Jr. is on the line. Hello. Good morning,
Neil. Yes, Ralph. Made the good snooze be yours, Ralph. On behalf of my dad and myself, I
thought to wish you a very warm and wonderful anniversary. Well, thank you so much. I was wondering,
Neil, did you happen to have a chance to listen to my dad last night on Hank Greenberg's show?
No, I missed it, Ralph. How was he? Oh, well, of course. Once again, he reiterated the fact that he
thought that it was time to take a new look at Casino's in Zalphorta. Right, and a new political
position. Well, what position is your dad in these days? By the way, he isn't there. Is he never
came to the place in the parking lot in the prone position? All right. Well, that's good to know
anyway, Neil. And Rick Sanchez is squatting over his body as we speak. The best figure in yours.
Thank you so much. And made the good thing be yours. 1031. So, Kelvin's not coming today,
huh? Oh, he is coming. Is he going to show up? Okay. Now, what is that? Just calm down, Alex. If
it just came in here with a lovely thing, see, this is the only reason I milk the anniversaries,
especially a big one like 15, is that you get a lot of good stuff. This is from Michelle's pastry
shops for the finest French pastes, weaves, wedding, and all occasion cakes. And it's oh,
oh, now you tell that psychotic Cheryl. No, seriously, you get her in here right now because
otherwise she's going to owe you to get these are real. Now, look at those. I know, Neil may
explain something. Yes, today I went to both poplicks and they, these are real humontious. And
those are the ones that I see. These are the poppy seed and these are the real ones with the
that's for you to find out. You got it. Yeah, you have to squeeze it very gently. Okay, now,
and that's a real humontious. These are beautiful. There's like a dozen of these. These are the,
who wants one? Man, he says, I'll eat anything. That's what he always said. Neil,
do you want a real humontious to cut it? Yeah, so let me show it in your mouth and shut you up. How
about you? And you're going to have one and he is looking very Jewish today. Here we go. Oh,
Alex, everybody's digging into one of these. Joy now in George, you get to the inside yet,
to the filling, to the poppy seed. Great. Yeah. Neil, I went to a couple of stores and they
didn't have those little triangular red ones. Well, she had to go to the right places like Abraham's
and to Michelle's. Does this have an ad? And Ed West, are you going to start getting out of control
again, Gilbert? No, but I was least flaking of you. There's a nice little note in here inside.
Michelle's is at 801 South Bay Shore Drive in Miami at the four ambassadors. It says happy
forum. Congratulations on 15 years of being a douchebag. And enjoy our token. That's not what it says
from the wonderful folks at Michelle's bakery. Well, we appreciate so much. These beautiful. Now,
what's in it? Is that got? Let's poppy seed or is it prune? Do these have prune filling?
I can't see. Let me see. Oh, that's got prune. Does yours have prune filling?
Poppy seed. Oh, so in other words, it's kind of like mixer match. It's a mix match. It's hot
to this pie. Yeah, well, at least one good thing about that prune one when it comes out, it looks
the same as when it went in. Yeah, no changes, pal. 1033 at WIO. Damn, sure, we'll get a call
from standard. They'd congratulate me. My good friends stand. Anyway, 27 until Mr. Happiness.
Well, as a matter of fact, maybe we could find another one to go in there. We're Johnny Dark,
we just played. So in other words, you have to, this is like an assortment. And I hate to tell you
this, but the ones with the poppy seeds are far superior. Thank God, George, you got a poppy seed
one because yesterday we stiffed them with the prune filling. So they got you this? If you two of
those, you have to move to Hellendale, by the way. So anyway, thanks to Michelle's again. That's
great. We're just getting started. I have a feeling there's going to be ton. And you notice I
haven't touched one yet. And we'll not tell later. We'll save one. We're a Cheryl. Get her little
squirrely ass in here. I'm telling you because I see she doesn't want to be here when it's here.
She enjoys being a typical quretch just coming in like a day later, like Monday in this case.
Oh, he didn't invite me. And how about that fat Chuck Meyer that I just saw waddling storming down
the hall like a storm trooper? He could have, and he looks pretty Jewish today. Anyway, it's 26 to
11 at W.I.D. We've only just begun to eat the market, Stony 11 and a half points. I don't get it.
I just, I don't get it. During the war every day, the market was zooming. It was going skyrocketing.
Now that we kicked their ass and we did this wonderful job and we should all be proud and excited
enthusiastic. It gets going into toilet. And you're a great investor. I know. I can't understand
my sense of time. Well, when we come back, we'll analyze it when we come back after this break.
It's ready to go. To go with Neil. We're staying up all on a dial.
Wanting to work in my room with a daily meal. We're staying up all on my dial.
Really?
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
We're sitting on one yet.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
We're sitting on one yet.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
It's a great idea, by the way.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
No, I'm just saying, great.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
Soon as this feels out, 20 to 11 at W. I. O' Dina, listen carefully.
He is still the world's biggest I saw.
Okay, get the message.
Have a humontized, by the way, Mitz, these are for real. They have like a prune poppy seed mixture.
These are for Michelle's pastries. These are the emmus, the real thing,
not those stupid little cookie triangles that people try to pass on.
Probably Arabs.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Miami?
Gone.
Okay, thanks so much for waiting on the day of my daughter's wedding.
Cleveland.
Wappy, Wannnaverse, we're awake.
Thank you so much.
How you doing?
Who's this?
This is me.
Calling from Cleveland.
This is me?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, this is me.
Well, I'm glad I called.
I didn't know what you just, your anniversary.
Yeah, well, see you came in on a momentous taste, sir.
And if you were here, we could share some of the food with you.
Oh, I'm glad I found that.
Probably wouldn't.
We're as Cheryl, by the way, Mitz, do me a favor.
Go up front and drag her physically down here because I don't want to hear.
All she wants to do is bitch later on, she didn't get the humontization.
And I have witnesses that she was in here, belly-iccant about it before.
Go right ahead.
Where can I find a good humontization here in Cleveland?
In Cleveland, right on the shores of Lake Erie.
Like Meredith was out?
Yeah. In fact, you really can't tell the difference.
They look like hockey pucks, bagels, donuts, and humontization.
It's so hard to tell.
Just dig right in.
Gotcha.
Take your teeth out of the glass and sink them right in there.
Who's that like what's the difference between a racking woman and a catfish?
Right, exactly.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway, how you been?
Great.
When it holds my tape, I think you had checked for 20 bucks.
Gilbert's holding it for you.
Okay.
And he's got the tape put away too.
Yeah.
Gilbert, where's my track?
Where's my tape, chick?
Uh, Franklin.
You'll find a big Franklin.
Okay, well, but...
Have you heard of him?
Well, but?
Yeah, Pete.
How about a re- you're re-through Franklin?
And a brother Ben.
He got the Queen W.E.
Okay, sir, as Ben Franklin would say, go fly a kite.
Yeah, I have an idea.
Okay.
We have a celebrity caller on the line, ladies and gentlemen.
Our most of the time, good friend.
Tom Jicca.
You're in Szechua's party.
Happy anniversary.
Yes, sir.
Well, thank you so much.
This call means so much to us.
And of course, you're our young.
The main reason is he's looking for tips of Gulf Stream this weekend.
Well, I'll give you one.
Secret hell is not in the Broward handicap.
Okay.
Oh, wait a second.
We have a bulletin.
Cheryl has just been physically dragged into the room for a humontage, okay?
Okay.
So what's up, Tom?
Nothing.
I remember the last time you were at a grocery,
it was on a Friday.
That was probably the worst show we ever did,
remember?
Over at INZ.
That Friday night, the night before the...
Oh, the all-time worst.
I'll never forget that.
That was just morbid and depressing.
I can't get over it.
I remember that.
Now you didn't think you'd make 15.
It didn't look like it.
Didn't look like we'd get through 15 minutes on that show.
Anyway, well, I just wanted to wish you a happy anniversary
and hope you have 15 more.
And well, thanks a lot.
And in spite of all those incestuous reports,
Rick and Puts are kicking ass
and the light bulb radio is going nowhere fast.
By the way, INZ, have you heard the story?
Now what's that?
Oh, about all news.
All news, then.
Yeah, I'm going to have it on my Monday call.
The timing of this is so typical of Guy Gennett broadcast.
Yeah, kind of good on the tree.
You know, war has come to a strange level.
Reaching halt and now...
Now INZ is going all news all day, 24 hours a day.
CNN radio at night and no more talk net and bomb-tonia.
They're going to have a number at night.
You'll need the Mount Palomar telescope to read it.
But thanks a lot.
You just blew my Monday call.
And there's not much left to get in the air.
No, we pete everybody's interest to pick up the column on Sunday.
On Monday, whatever day it is.
Anyway, see you out at the track and happy anniversary.
Thanks, Tom.
Okay, Tom Jicca.
That's probably the first and long line of celebrity callers
to be calling in like little Joey.
Pull up a chair.
Joey, don't sit back there with an ugly look on your pus.
Huh?
Anyway, it's 10.40.
What is wrong with that?
10.44 at WIO.
Do you were just looking in the wrong place?
Let's go to Papano.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy anniversary and congratulations on the marriage of your daughter.
Thank you so much.
And on this occasion, I would like to ask a favor of...
My valued friend, Luca.
Yes.
My most valued friend, Luca.
I'd like to ask a favor of our good friend, Don Gilbert.
Yeah.
I would...
I would like to go home, maybe.
Yeah.
That comes later.
I was wondering if Gilbert would be so kind as to record a phone message
for my brother-in-law.
Great. Here's your chance, Gilbert.
Gilbert, you want to be a dog?
Why do you want me to say?
How about Hi, this is Gilbert.
Brent isn't in right now, but leave your name at the tone
and you'll call you back or something along those lines.
What's his name again, Brent?
Bury and T, not Brent.
Hi, Brent.
This is Gilbert.
Leave your name and the message at the tone
and I'll get back to you as soon as I...
Okay, blow.
Okay, thank you.
Call me anytime.
Okay, sir.
Thank you.
Bill is in the mail.
Wow.
Hey, that could be a...
Listen, I think that guy just did on something.
That could be a big business you could get into.
You could make telephone answering messages.
It would be great.
God.
When we'll be back in a minute.
1045 at WIOD or you could have just said get-went.
Let's go to what Lauderdale Lake has gone.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Morning.
Yes, sir.
At the anniversary.
Well, thanks a lot, sir, and up the...
up the nose of all the people at Waxy FM.
You're my favorite douchebag, and if I was there,
I'd give you a big squeeze.
Well, thank God you're not.
I want to say hello to a couple of real desperate friends who are...
who have their ears pinned to the radio today listening to you
and you know how painful I can be.
Well, I see little Joey's got his ear pierced now.
He's got a little thing in his ear.
And he's thinking about putting an earring in there too pretty soon.
A couple of real big douchebags and...
and bokeh crutch-hound.
Andy and Rick, you're really desperate.
Now, I love your boss.
Good job, sir.
Take care.
Have a great life and don't ever call a show again.
1046.
Oh, Tom.
Don't ever...
Tom.
Don't ever...
Oh!
Okay, he's nice, but the carts got to re-cue again.
Okay.
I don't have a lot of carts that just say somebody's name.
So we'll have to work on that in the future because this is going to be a whole new avenue
we can do if this thing ever queues up again.
How come they put 10 second bits on two and a half minute carts?
Is there any special reason for that?
Gilbert.
Well, you're in the business now.
I'm in the business.
That's my problem.
That's the biggest problem.
Okay, here we go.
Now, it's thought about queuing up.
It slowed down for a second and now it's shifting into high gear.
Come on already.
It's only a four hour show.
Well, yeah, let's get with it.
I am my nose up, Neal's ass.
Okay.
Outstanding.
We may not have the names on there, but a douchebag by any other name would sound the same.
Then to bring back the great memories, where's Bill Marshall when we need him?
Is he under the table?
Looks like he and the Ian are having a little something going on under the table there.
Boy, I love that.
The horseshoe and the floral arrangement blocks out everybody.
I can't see a thing.
It's the best view I've had in a long time.
Anyway, the professionals over at University BP Car Care Center know that next to your home,
your car is always your biggest investment, right Gilbert?
Yeah.
That's why you always want to keep it in top running condition.
And that's why you can trust the care of your car to the experience,
pros, the technicians at University BP Car Care Center, whether it's changing oil to a chassis
lube, tires to thermostats, spark plugs to shock absorbers.
Their skilled professionals can handle your needs year-round.
So don't forget right now, they're having that special offer on
lube oil and filter change for just $19.95 less of $5 BP rebate.
Final cost only $14.95.
So stop in today for a lube oil and filter change at University BP Car Care Center there at 14.92
South Dixie Highway and Coral Gables.
Open Monday through Saturday, call them at 661-4902.
661-4902, they use only the best state-of-the-art equipment like the Allen Smart Engine Analyzer,
which gives you a precise and thorough computer printout of what's going on with your car.
Okay, take all the guesswork and headaches out of auto repair.
Don't forget the 14.95 oil and filter change special right now at University BP Car Care Center,
14.92 South Dixie Highway and Coral Gables.
Be sure and tell them Gilbert sent you down,
because it's not as small like it too.
I wanted to comment on the University Miami baseball game that you broadcast with Bob Greasy.
I think it was the best one that I've ever heard.
I would certainly be the first to agree with that.
Uh, University Miami stinks and that uh...
Well, let me read that memo again just in case anybody missed out.
The University of Miami Athletic Department has refused the station's request
to have Near Rogers Act as the Substitute Broadcast announcer for the March 16th
U.M. Baseball Game.
First turn stop, Bill Broder.
Six-ten W.Y.O.D. has chosen not to broadcast this game.
As an act of open defiance, we've said you're number one.
U.M. we've given them the gigantic fickle finger of fate, sir.
Screw them.
There come five minutes.
I need it like I need hemorrhoids.
And they are a pain in the ass anyway, so it all fits.
Uh, well Near, I recently played a uh...
computer baseball game with my nephew and I was the 45 Cubs and he was 55 Senators.
Yeah.
And well, I won eight to one.
Uh, I think that...
Well, you know, I must have been a fantasy.
I think that you could do a play by play of one of those games in broadcast,
you know, with the sound effects of that game.
Roller has struck out, bounced out and walked, he's over two.
Yo.
You see?
Sure.
How do you think?
I'm working out at all range here.
That Billy Rona, 45 Cubs.
Well, there you have it.
Okay.
Thanks for your illuminating call, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
What guy?
Joseph Gekky.
Joseph Gekky and Sonny Heist.
Not the last one.
We don't discuss the University of Miami on this high-falutinous show, okay,
because they're way above us.
In fact, just light on on your back and look straight up and you'll probably see a few of them right now.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Dave, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, I just want to congratulate you on your 15th dom.
Well, thanks a lot, pal.
Who is it?
Your daughter is getting married?
My daughter is a wedding, marrying her uh...
nose to uh... Ian's face.
As a matter of fact, it looks like we've already made the marriage.
Look at that.
It's already on here.
Who's that?
Gilbert and Rick?
Gilbert and Alex and little Joey and the Manny and the Ian and Sylvia.
It's just great.
You ever have an apartment?
Factián was dressed in the Ian's uh...
Gound today.
It's beautiful.
Are you Frank Ogyan?
What is it?
Did you Frank Ogyan?
Who's that?
Let me get in here.
Let me get my schedule.
I'll be a little grabberful.
Still in the 90's.
The magic city.
Not yet.
Not yet.
He'll be calling.
How about you, other friends?
Well, I have so many.
You're worried that he's worse than you, Alex.
This guy's out of control.
You're out of control, sir.
You're losing it.
You're losing it.
Hey, how about PV from Pembroke's mind?
He called.
He called.
Did you miss it?
Yeah.
He was well.
He was very good.
Oh, right on top of it this morning.
I'd like to see him in the dark alley.
I'll bet you would.
I'll have to give him.
Well, he said he's right up your alley.
Have a great life, pal.
Okay, Neil.
See you.
I'll read the dirge.
Yeah.
Great.
Great job as you will mix Lewis a legend in the production
industry, whatever the hell he produces.
He's just a legend in his own mind.
And of course, he approves.
He does all the stuff for the show because he likes the free food.
And speaking of that, I see boxes and boxes of stuff
in a hallway.
Look at that.
Unbelievable.
What is that?
You want, Manny?
Well, listen, there are a lot of things we all want.
For life isn't fair.
Wayne Arnold Murray are here.
Look at that.
What's stuff?
Henry's got the news.
Rick and Sputter, too.
Joe and Jim from Duralas Sports Talk,
605.
Best of Goldberg, 8 to 9 30 tonight.
And that a bunch of stuff.
Hello, infidels.
It's Adam Hussein.
I am busy right now.
Hosting, Muslim, bingo night.
Yes.
BVP to 16 M1.
I shall please leave the message at Sound of the Sheep.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's 1106 at W.I.O.D.
He said sheepishly and the food from Wayne Arnold's is here.
Man, we have got tons of stuff and gifts and frankincense
and murder and a huge cake.
And I have never seen such acts of piggery in my life.
And here's Count Williams from Poppano Park,
ladies and gentlemen, a great American.
Well, I don't know if I should accept the accolades
as a great American, Neil.
Because actually I'm Canadian.
But like I said, they would be in the tournament.
And might sincere congratulations on 15 years.
But I hate to think that Dominic Pavia actually
gave you a 15th anniversary present
that amounts to a sucker bet.
Exactly.
But Kevin Paul's a sucker bettory.
He won't be standily under the meat.
You're in big trouble.
Oh, I see.
Well, I thought Joe was leaving, too.
I thought he was going to the metallands.
Well, Joe says one thing one day and another thing the next day.
Well, just like his brother.
Florida.
And we can't listen to you up there in New Jersey.
And so I'm sure Joe will stay with us most of the time right now.
Well, let's put a little addendum on here.
If either driver leaves before the end of the meat,
all bets are off, Dominic.
Well, you're going to have to take that.
I'm not Dominic's agent or anything.
I just felt that it was, you know, I'm an official here.
And I had to kind of point this.
I was just so that all sides are aware.
Where's Kevin going back to Michigan?
Yeah, Kevin does real well up at Hazel Park.
He's told me just in the last few minutes
because I thought I'd better confirm that with him
that sometime in the first two weeks of April,
he's going to pack his helmet and head north.
Oh, well, we have a whole month to go then,
at least month and a half.
So just so you're aware that it's a bit of a handicap wager
that you accepted.
Well, listen, we got sucked into Luke Loyet
from Kelly Shepherd last night.
So we're easy, you know, we get talked in anything.
All right, well, happy anniversary.
We'll see you out there tonight, maybe in the winter circle.
Okay, gonna be a good one tonight.
Should be great cards.
Okay, thanks, Ken.
All right, come on.
It will be a real good card.
I've got the program already.
We've got some excellent races coming up tonight.
Couple of big trots.
And Christmas list in the ninth race.
It should be fantastic.
So Dominic Pavia tries to win a crooked bet.
Man, I can't believe that any horseman would ever do that.
Well, look at this.
These people are just oblivious.
All of a sudden, it's like I'm not even here anymore.
And Ian is just shoveling crap down his throat.
Pomano.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Sir.
Yeah, a long time list in the first time, Cola.
Wonderful.
Don't be nervous.
Now it's real easy.
It is.
Let's forget the roof of it.
I just want to tell you,
you've been a choice the last two years ever.
Listen to you there.
And you're not a former waxy, listen, Raya.
Am I?
No.
Yes, I am.
You are?
Long time.
You're listening to Rick and Spot on Waxy,
when you run them on.
You get it.
And that turned me right on back to you again,
because I used to listen to you there.
You are an zatorist.
Oh, yeah, right.
Yeah.
Good hum and touch.
You live in plantation.
Right.
It is a great place to get it.
The university and something.
University between sunrise.
Yeah, what's the name of it?
Stern's base.
Stern, somebody mentioned that yesterday.
I'm going to have to check that out.
Stern's base.
Okay.
And our notch landing?
Yeah.
I don't know about you, but I'm getting sick and tired of that.
Being nuts.
Well, it's getting to the point of kind of like slapstick almost, or lipstick and slap
sticks.
You got enough lipstick on the 95 woman.
It just shows us.
It looks like a toy doll with a better one.
Yeah, it really does.
In fact, maybe she and that little Barbie doll that are playing with maybe they'll kind
of get together by the end of the show.
Because I think they got the same mentality at this point.
Yeah.
Well, at least I want you happy and healthy.
Many more years of success on the radio.
Yes, sir.
And to my friend Lynn, you're not a douchebag.
I love you.
Okay.
Take care.
Good job, sir.
I'll give you about a three on a scale of 10 for the first call.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Kevin Matthews.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Happy.
Happy.
Yeah.
Easy for you to say.
Rocky LaPort says hello.
Who?
Rocky LaPort.
Rocky, Rocky Squirrel.
Jim Hicks.
Yeah.
Kevin.
Yeah.
Let's go to a mobile.
A pig report.
Hello.
No, Neil.
Yeah.
Happy big day.
15 years.
I hope that you're on the air for another 15.
I just want to take a little line here and say that you're the best.
Okay.
Let's get out the plastic tablecloth there.
Go ahead.
You got it?
Yeah.
Okay.
You're the best thing on the radio.
And I've never even listened to talk to a talk show before.
And now I can't turn it off.
Great.
And now this is Tony from Berkeley.
And do me a favor, Neil, Dyson Roney, if you get the time.
Do what?
It's called Dyson Roney, the cart with Dyson.
Yeah.
Dyson Roney, that's one of my all time favorites here.
And I'm going to whip it out in a second.
And the cart too.
Right.
Have a great life.
Okay.
You know who that was, don't you?
Do you know who that was now?
Before.
Okay.
Anyway, it's 11 after 11 at WYOD, but unfortunately he didn't get to say it.
Where is that thing?
Should we do a break for pizza loft?
That'll get you up to come in here sooner.
You'll notice I haven't dug in any of the royal castle yet.
There's probably a real good reason why too.
I haven't had an opportunity.
I have never seen, I mean, honest to God.
Yeah, chicken bones.
We got your bone over here, pal, okay?
Anyway, it's 11 after 11 at WYOD, 6559463, an open line in Palm Beach,
even on my anniversary, they don't give a crap up there.
And at least they're consistent.
In order to help families in the rest of us, even Gilbert save a little bit of money
and still be able to enjoy it.
You've been over there, right?
Well, class that, pal.
Yeah, of course I have.
Pizza loft.
Yeah.
Even Gilbert is an eating frenzy, which is pretty unusual.
Anyway, Jeff had pizza loft is now offering a complete dinner for two for just 1295,
including your choice of any of these two entrees, any two of these entrees,
however you want to say it.
Jeff's award-winning lasagna with tomato or meat sauce, stuffed shells with tomato sauce,
spaghetti with tomato or meat sauce, manta-cati with tomato sauce,
or eggplant parmesan with tomato sauce.
By the way, Ralph, your girlfriend makes some of the best eggplant parmesan I've ever had my life.
Ralph, up at the track, our wonderful Maitreux D last night, that was fabulous.
Anyway, it's also fabulous at pizza loft, and you get your choice of any two of those entrees
for just 1295 Monday through Wednesdays.
And that deal is good inside the dining room, calm down, Alex, or take out her delivery.
And don't forget, pizza loft except your visa or master card on deliveries, too.
They also have catering as little as four bucks per person if you're having a party
and opening up a big mouth like these guys here.
And we all know pizza loft is some of the world's best pizza,
whether it's whole wheat or the regular or that calzone pizza or fougazza pizza
that's stuffed with onions and spicy stuff and crap.
And don't forget, we'll be there. I'm sure Gilbert will show up.
Tuesday, March 19th, mark that on your personal calendar.
Oh, I'll say that.
Tuesday, March 19th, 5 to 8 p.m. to inaugurate the new neorodger's dining room at pizza loft.
Free dinners will be given away, prizes, all kinds of crap.
Gilbert will be autograph your thing, free autographed pictures,
the official grand opening at pizza loft.
That's Tuesday, March 19th, 5 to 8 p.m.
You'll find pizza loft upstairs at 69th and Flagler,
just east of the Palmetto and Miami, their number in-day, 266-5111.
266-5111, they should be here any second,
with tantalizing goodies from the pizza loft.
Just calm down.
Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone.
All right, let's say you're eaten.
You're sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes
and that stovetop s***.
Do like me, honey, eat this.
Dice a roney.
Come on, it's almost as simple as you.
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot
and you're turned on the f***ing stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, butt up being the f***ing thing's done.
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town,
writing on a pony.
Stuck a feather off his ass.
F***ing sick, calm down, Dice a roney.
Oh!
Dice a roney.
The tapkey takes a street.
Ow!
Down, have a bowl of that, Colbert.
Dice this.
1116 at WIOD.
Oh, Niel, did you know that Mike Knight from Wick Island,
Pete Sulea, Israeli and nice guy, and he's telling his best.
Mike Knight is from QAM, come on.
Mike Knight.
And then why don't you take one right now?
Okay, I'm black on Pete Sulea, he'd tell me to say hello to you.
Great guy, that's in hot, what?
He treated me to one of his Pete's and it's very delicious.
Yeah, he gave you a tweet, I'm sure.
Okay, let's take a collar to here.
The celebration is building to a crescendo.
You ought to see the beautiful thing.
Look at that.
Wayne Armlin, Murray brought in here,
Apea anniversary in the Arangers with an ugly fat picture of my head.
Fifteen years of South Florida's greatest talk show host and troublemaker
and red, white, and blue colors.
There is what a beautiful thing, huh?
Somebody will rip that off for sure.
Kendall.
We're looking forward to another 15 years of eating,
belching, and farting on the air.
Neil Roger's show is great.
We wouldn't let you down, Rick, is this Rick Sanchez?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Uh-oh, that's him.
I'd like to build from Kendall, congratulations.
I'm writing eyes that are all my anywhere, Rick.
Okay, thanks a lot, Bill.
Have a great life.
Okay, we have an open line in date County.
If you're really hurry now, we have people lined up all the way to the, uh, you trek,
just to get in today.
751.
What is it?
W-I-O-D.
Okay. Good job, Gilbert.
Thank you, guys.
Gilbert's warming up for Wednesday.
I have a feeling Wednesday it's back.
Uh, he's going to be really doing it.
Well, I'm okay if I could do it.
Now if you give me the chance.
Oh, God, the thought of it is just, uh, more than I can comprehend.
And I do have several witnesses in here.
So far I've had about like a third of this humontosh and the rest I've had no opportunity to dig into.
Yeah, I'm a witness to that.
I clearly, uh, yeah, because I haven't had a chance.
Let me say it again.
Is there anything left at all?
No.
You know, no, I don't want to be all tea.
Are you crazy?
I don't know.
There's an alien there.
I'll have one.
Because I said I would eat none of this, but I lie a lot.
And the audience is used to that.
Thank you so much.
Joey said he'd give me one.
Okay, let's go to, do we just do Kendall?
We just did Kendall.
Yeah, yeah.
You're gorgeous in her eating.
He's useless when he eats.
That's where I live.
Sunrise.
Yeah, how you doing there?
Okay.
I just wanted to call you up.
Wish you a happy 15th anniversary.
Thank you, pal.
I feel that it's, uh, honored to be a caller on this day when you're day of my daughter's brisk, right?
No, when you've got so many celebrity callers and I'm just, uh, you know, just a fortice.
Just some regular slime ball from out there.
It's not a good thing.
The real other faceless voice.
The reason I'm calling is you're having so much fun.
I just, I've got a tip, you know, I've got a tip.
I could come into reality that you're going to get visited by two giants in the industry a little later on.
Really?
And of course, I'm talking to Debbie Ellis and Dave Gain.
Um, I'm the host, Storm and Norman Allian and Randy Martun might drop by.
I saw Randy Zuckney.
I mean, I saw her in the control a little while ago.
Oh, she's beautiful.
She's gorgeous, man.
Yeah.
She's for hot.
Yeah.
Especially from the ankles down.
She's unknockout.
Okay, well, keep our eyes out for us, sir.
Yeah, well, I didn't want any Davis would say.
I didn't want you to get really excited when you saw them, you know, just before worn you.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll eat fast.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Speaking of eating fast, we got any hot sauce around.
Not that sweet and sour sauce.
That's for the chicken wings that they devoured a whole bucket of here.
Now, that does that sweet and sour sauce.
I can tell by the, um, there you go.
That's it.
I don't put your fingers in it.
And I don't do things in a first date like that.
Okay, we got a little spoon maybe, a little something.
Come on, let's get organized.
These guys are eating, no, not a knife.
You can't eat.
You're a really brutal.
Stick him in a zoob tube.
Thank you, Joey.
Joey's right on top of it.
And if you look deep into his eyes, you can tell he has been for many hours now.
Okay, I'm just going to have that one and then we'll see what else shows up here.
Jeff is coming.
I bet your flora shows up and, of course, my salad from Sonny's.
I want to thank Sonny at the market over there.
It's been great this week.
I hope it keeps up forever.
Why do you keep having Kendall up there?
That's not, uh, are you in Kendall?
I'm your late.
I told you, George, quit screwing around in there.
Go ahead, sir.
Pay no attention to him.
He's lost.
I want to wish you a happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Say the Cubs are great.
Yep.
And who say in the douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Good job.
Don't ever call this radio station again.
We have an open line at Daytona.
It's bringing out.
But Palm Beach has been sitting there for a long time.
It's been dormant.
I think Lee Fowler, Jr's call at the beginning of the show, had a lot to do with that.
It's 11-21 at WIOD.
Rick and Spud will be along the alley.
I'll try to correct what I said before.
Best of Goldberg from 8 to 9-30.
So it's a tape.
No, it is.
No, seriously.
I don't understand why.
He must be occupied doing something.
9-30 to 11.
Goldberg at night with guest, Lin Shapiro, sports editor of the Washington Post,
wrote the book on John Thompson of what you call it.
George Towne, you.
And with a towel that's mounted, he carries over his shoulder.
I'll tell you, if we could get the guy from Vegas.
Jerry Tarcanian with the Shmata on his head.
And this guy with the Shmata on his shoulder, we'd have something.
Send him over to Halondale, Shmata Roe.
So that'll be live 9-30 to 11.
His live as Hank should ever get.
That's all coming up tonight.
I won't get that straightened out.
It's 11-21 on your Zube Station, WIOD.
And we'll be light back.
Two diet cheesecakes.
Ooh, our chicken Rogers.
Are you making it downstairs?
Great.
We're going to take care of this here from La Tevere Netta.
They're doing their thing downstairs.
Thank you very much.
We're looking forward to that.
You want to be playing now?
Go ahead, Gilbert.
Sooner or later.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me get this big report on here.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Thank you.
On the day of my daughter's brisk.
We've got a few little peas in the market on Johnson Road in North Park Road.
Yeah.
I didn't write down the media and their little pain in hand.
This is actually no mercy and I'd like to call off a certain or a bit.
Do you speak?
Great job, sir.
Hope you take one in the back.
Okay.
See, he's not talking about what you think.
Well, maybe he is.
I don't know.
26 after 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the Starlight at Starlight.
Do you know, ladies and gentlemen, what is this at your point?
I am in five.
Oh, great.
I know.
I've heard that before.
Okay, just give it up.
Get scumming.
Scumming.
Scumming.
Things were a Miami toughest call.
He was sitting with an iron fist.
The tour of yours run the other way when they feel pulling up in his chest a little further.
He is a killer.
All right, boys.
When the girls fall,
when the gods down on the ground
and give me all the drugs before I have to get lost.
Hey, where you from?
Yeah, don't you, this is you.
But you just shot my father last week.
I had to.
See what's going on down here, bird's bite.
Friday night on NBC.
Be there.
Great.
That was sure worth waiting for.
By the way, I have another little addendum to my bet with Dominic Pavia since Kevin Wallace has
leaving sometime in April as of the day when he leaves.
As of that day, whoever has the most wins between Kevin Wallace and Joe Pavia, that'll determine our bet.
Okay, Dominic, he'll check it out.
Thank you very much, if that's my lunch.
From Sonny's market.
Okay, now little Joey is going to take a look at that and see if that gives him any ideas.
Okay, thank you.
Boy, we're just loaded with crap in here.
His eyeballs are still rolling around like a pinball machine.
Sonny, look like Dr. Rose.
What is it?
Sonny looks like Sonny is a former wrestler.
Do you know that?
He really is.
He's a former professional wrestler.
And if you don't cut the cost of comments,
they'll come over here and nail your ass to the wall.
27 after 11 at WIOD.
Look at this lunch today from Sonny's.
That's my salad from Sonny's market.
You unhealthy slob.
I heard rumors you've been eating with Dave Gravelin.
That's the rumor that I hear, manny.
No, today we have a corn and cottage cheese, a little chicken salad.
Some sweet potatoes.
Oh man, look at that in mushroom.
And what are these?
These are like artichokes, aren't they?
Oh, so how is the humontized Cheryl?
I'm so glad I asked.
Oh, look at that.
Oh man.
I just munged on myself.
So bad.
Do you think if you were wearing a pink shirt that you could do almost anything?
Like maybe even fly.
But I just made a mess.
Screw it.
It's my anniversary to hell with everybody.
If you don't like it, get out.
Okay, 28.
Why were we looking at Gilbert when I said that?
No, you're okay.
Let's go to a poppano.
Hello.
Congratulations.
Yes, sir.
And I wanted to tell you if you didn't know this,
that the clubs are going to be on the dish tomorrow afternoon at 3.
They're playing a preseason game against the brewers 11 L.A.
Already?
That's right.
I read it in the satellite weekly.
Unbelievable.
I haven't heard you.
I haven't read it.
I didn't know about it.
And I just wanted to call and wish you that and let you know it's about time baseball.
That I've been, I've been Jones in all winter.
Well, you know something.
The timing is perfect.
In fact, it's afternoon when I go home,
they're coming to put a new receiver in my system.
Great timing.
Everything.
Huh?
Timing is everything.
Yeah.
So I must have known.
It must be a psychic experience.
I must have known the clubs were going to be there.
I cannot wait.
I appreciate it.
And then we'll have a WGN.
Thank you, sir.
Very great.
You're a great American.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks.
Fine, you.
That's exciting.
Fat waddle is in a building now.
Fat riches in here.
Come on.
Pull up a chair.
Don't be a bashful.
And did you hear Dominic Pavia call before and try to give us that bogus bet that can't Williams
had a straight out Dominic.
You're brutal.
You're almost as good as Kelly Shepard.
Oh, here comes Luke Loyay.
Hit him again, Luke.
Come on.
We're going to have a mattress between Michael Cruz and Luke Loyay to see which one can make the horse fall down first.
It's 1130 at WIOD and let's go to a mobile in North Miami.
I hear you talking about eating all this healthy stuff.
Whatty.
Whatty's back on the phone again today.
And in honor of since I can't refuse anybody's offer on the day of fat riches, bris.
Had no happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Well, that's an afterthought.
And let's have another 15 more.
No, don't get too healthy on us though.
Oh, this lunch today is so fantastic.
Well, I know that I think that's the best.
Sonny is God.
Sonny is God.
Sonny has got cottage cheese involved.
It's too healthy.
I'm an occasional white hot every now and again.
I had a little Neely burger just to among my system up.
Sneaking it in just best with the old sneak in.
I want to have another 15 more and then maybe another 15 after that, all right?
Okay, Woody.
How'd it say?
I'll give you a guess at my spot.
I'll call you.
I'll never call again, Woody.
Hmm.
What?
What happened now?
Hey, you just stick your nose in your business and keep on my business.
Okay, until I let you know.
It's about 1130 at WIOD.
We have an open line on a star line.
We're going to hear about Joey's wild experiences last night during the noon to one hour in detail.
And he's going to draw.
It's going to be like the military briefing.
Only Joey's briefs are going to be the ones we're going to be good to see.
And he's going to have a little diagram with arrows and the whole thing.
Okay, let's go to Jorral.
Hello.
My old friend Neil, congratulations on this day of your daughter's wedding.
Thank you so much, my most valued friend, Luca.
Neil.
Yeah.
What are we going to play your favorite tapes, the ones of Rick Sanchez?
Which ones?
Oh, hopefully we can hear two of them.
The one with Sally and the one when he sings and the day of his wedding.
Now you mean to one that's um...
Okay, I got it.
I got it, sir.
Very well.
We're right on top of it for you.
I'd like to call my friend Ron T.
A major dish band.
Okay, see you.
1131, by the way.
12234.
We don't need that kid calling us again today to thank him.
The last night I'm not slainting, they had the scene where the token black family in the show
was out there at this dance.
Well, I don't know what you're laughing about.
It's true.
I mean, there are no black people like the black people on that show.
Anyway, the daughter is out there dancing.
And so this band, this is a former ring and they were singing luckily.
I dubbed the right song that we played yesterday.
Mr. Lee.
Try to explain.
Rick World.
Rick World.
Hurry on, head to the lane.
Party on everyone.
I'm your most excellent anchor, Rick Sanchez.
And with me, as always, Sally Fitz.
Party on sale.
Party on Rick.
Called San Pedro lately.
Not since I've been back from Houston.
People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory.
Say, what about that guy you flattened?
Is he still in a coma?
Uh, yeah.
Still in a coma.
I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal.
Not.
Anyway, Hussein blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank.
But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted.
Kaboom.
Kaboom.
As you know, the insane Hussein.
Gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what?
He has poison gas, but as I squat over Baghdad.
That's not the word.
I'll give him a gas of my own.
Hot air out of both ends.
Hussein today said, yeah, look at the.
Now, you might know the secret weapon the Americans have.
The 40 foot colossal news anchor with a chopped lips squatting over my country with a smelly gas.
My troops are all fleeing, but for me, I ran, but I couldn't hide.
Well, that's all the time we have for today.
Party on sale.
Party on Rick.
I'll sit in squats so you worry not.
Rick over Iraq for Channel 7 news.
OK, it's 11.35 at WIOD.
Breeders cup coming to Gulfstream in 92.
Even he is nodding his head.
He's going to go back with his shovel and work there again.
Get all cleaned out for him.
So we have a great event.
Dave Joseph who writes the best column in sports in this town by far.
What is that?
Oh, from La Tavranetta.
Thank you, Carol.
Has a whole thing on it.
Find out all the money that's going to come to town and the handle and the whole exciting.
But in this morning, Sun Central right on the front page of the sports section,
pretty exciting news.
It's going to be another gigantic extravaganza next year.
When a breeder's cup comes back to Gulfstream, read about it and Joseph's column.
And the Sun Central pick it up today and we'll be right back.
The architects came all the way from California.
They came with land planners and landscape designers.
And the California state of mind.
Even the palm trees traveled 3,000 miles.
So they too have California roots.
Welcome to Santa Barbara, Oklahoma.
A community of villains, courtyard and patio homes.
A wonderful prom house and a fresh California attitude.
You guys see Santa Barbara.
It's like nothing else you look at.
Which is probably why you're still looking.
Try through the gates on John Road, just north of Glance.
And you will see why the best part of Boko looks like Santa Barbara.
What do you want to hear first? The good news or the bad news?
Alright, since most of you said the bad news, here it is.
The economy stinks.
The cost of everything continues to go up.
And conversely, our ability to go out and have a good time goes down.
So should you jump out a window?
No.
Should you jump into the car and go to Daniel Highlight?
Yeah.
Which brings us to the good news.
The price of a good reserve seat at Daniel Highlight is $1.50.
A fucking I have for an exciting afternoon or evening's entertainment.
Tell that to your guests from up north who've been sucking up your food,
who've been taking up space.
Now what's going to happen for a good reserve seat at Daniel Highlight is good news.
But there's more.
The payoffs on Quennauas and perfectas are huge.
And tri-fectas often pay more than $1,000.
So you could come to Daniel Highlight and win a bundle.
But to do it, you've got to meet us halfway.
Place a bet.
Should I be one of the first 25 hundred through the door and get a free no-speed limit license plate?
Attention golfers!
How would you like to win a complete set of a greater golf club than a greater golf ad?
It's easy.
Just up by either Dave Braward Golf Centers and Register between now and March 1st.
The Dave Golf Center is off the Pomano Expressway at 120 second street.
And the Braward Golf Center is on Oakland Park Boulevard, one mile west of I-95.
Mike Rineri will announce the winner on Monday, March 4th during his show.
There's no purchase necessary, so register soon.
And good luck from the Dave Braward Golf Centers and 610 WIOG.
Yeah, that's where he used to sit, Gilbert, right now.
It's here. Look what happened to him.
So if you wake up tomorrow morning and find yourself in Lakeland, you'll understand why.
Oh, he was great.
What did you say?
I thought Glenn Hill was nice.
It's been I-C and you, Gilbert.
22-till noon in WIOG and the Cal Romano from La Tevernetta is not only brought in the chicken regioreo,
which is like a locale chicken with peppers and asparagus and great stuff.
But two locale cheesecakes, amaretto and pecan praline and oh man.
What is that kiwis on top of that one?
Kiwi is in strawberry.
Oh, God.
Locale, of course.
So after the first six, seven pieces, we'll cut it out made with cottage cheese, only 7,000 calories per slice.
Thank you, Carol.
Halondale.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great. Happy anniversary.
Thank you, sir.
Listen, I wish I had known about you 15 years ago.
On the day of my daughter's vasectomy.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, I was last summer with the first I've ever heard of you.
And one of the public's truck drivers, Jay Comminsky, he told me about you.
They're the best those public's truck drivers, yeah.
They know their stuff.
They're all the fleet right now is listening right now.
Especially those guys who bring in the fresh produce, man.
They know their fruit.
Hey, listen, I wanted to ask you about the ratings.
You were talking about them the other day.
You said that WIOD, midday, had dropped from 51049 or something like that.
No, no.
From a 630 to a 550.
Or something like that.
But those are rolling trends.
They're rolling averages three months at a time.
And the reason we dropped is because October, last October, we had a giant month.
And in November, we had a terrible month.
It got averages out, depending on which hat they pull the numbers out of.
Yeah.
And so we lost October.
But when the next month comes, we'll be losing November.
So the whole station will go back up dramatically in February.
It'll be great.
But the question I had is, where do they get those numbers from?
That's what I'd like to know.
10 gallon hat.
From a what?
10 gallon hat.
Yeah, I believe it.
I believe it.
I'm from Cleveland.
Well, listen, nobody's perfect.
But you're on Provitude, admitted, it's sir.
Yeah.
And I wanted to ask you if you ever heard of Northfield.
On a binner.
Oh, have you?
Northfield, down.
Yeah.
One time that was in Detroit, we got a tip on a weekend.
We got a tip on a horse.
Yeah.
Friend of mine's girlfriend was a new, the jockey at DRC, who also knew a driver at Northfield.
And gave us a tip on a horse.
We drove all the way from Detroit to Cleveland.
Right.
We got there.
We go in.
I picked all these winners, but we're not fitting the earlier races.
We're saving all our money.
We bet this horse off the board.
We knocked him down from 8 to 1 to 3 to 1.
He's still running, sir.
Oh, is that right?
Last time I was up there.
And the horse's name, and I'm not making this up.
His name was Mr. Z.
Was the name of the horse, which I think was an omen for later year.
That's a true story.
Yeah.
Last time I was up in Cleveland, Northfield almost went bankrupt.
Really?
But I guess I'll have to make it out of the bridge, and I'll have to make a trip up there.
Vettles, keep going for a couple of months.
Yeah.
Hey, before I hang up, Neil.
I want to call all the public struck drivers.
I don't want to call them douchebags this time.
I just want to say they're great Americans.
OK, sir.
OK.
And douchebags.
OK, happy I heard three.
Thank you.
1141 at WID.
Of course, Rich and I have been really, for the reason of purses have gone up at Pope No,
people think, excuse me, that's been because they've had a good meeting.
But Rich and I have left enough over the first three months of the meeting
that the purses have gone up dramatically this week.
And if we continue on the road to poverty, the horseman will be rich by the end of April.
We have an open line in Broward 524, one on the star line at star IOD.
Look at that.
Two open lines in the same day.
The guys are kind of bored here.
They're waiting for the next bunch of food to come in.
Yeah, Neil.
Could I ask you a question?
Anything you like, Gilbert?
About the numbers.
How did the MRC and the QCode on QAM have a deal?
Well, I'm so glad you were.
OK.
Yeah, this sunny.
By the way, if you're wondering what I'm eating, it's the salad from sunny.
So don't go getting psychotic on me.
You see the beautiful horses head that Wayne Arnold brought me?
Oh, yeah, that's a beautiful glass watch.
Man.
I'm going to go home and put that in the foot of my bed and rub it all night long.
Anyway, it's um...
Right, why things said they love people.
Well, it's good.
Don't you hear that?
If your rubber horses head, it's good luck.
Yeah, quite glad they came out.
It worked your dominant behavior.
Anyway, it's 1142 now.
What is it you want to know?
QAM.
QAM.
Your favorite.
I always hear you sucking around with those guys all the time.
And MRC, the young memories.
Well, let's see.
I love 94 is doing it.
They went down to a 2-3 and Captain Davis right down their second win.
QAM did not make the 12-plus list here.
The bottom station was light bulb radio with a 1-4.
So QAM is not in the top 25.
And what was the other one?
Radial memories.
Yeah.
Radial memories.
I'm afraid also did not make the cut.
Isn't that a shameful?
Neither one of them made the top 25.
So I can tell you how bad they did.
But it was mighty weak.
Mighty weak.
OK, if you'll better now get, would you take that tube and just put it away where it belongs?
That's it.
Now close it up.
Coral Springs.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Rizu from Michigan.
I moved out here about five years ago.
All right.
Good choice.
Good choice.
I heard you say last week you used to drive from Kalamazoo to Detroit every night.
Every night.
D.R.C. or A.S. or what?
Both.
Oh, whoever was running.
I see.
So I've been listening to you for about a year.
Most part I enjoy.
And then there were, of course, there were certain times when we didn't have to go so far,
we just go to Jackson, Harness, Raceways.
Right.
In Northville.
Right by the estate prison.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
You said you usually enjoyed but.
But, well, I don't know.
There's always a big butt staring you right in the face.
These guys, they just call it to agree with y'all if I'm just to be agreeing with you.
But you're butt kissers, sir.
What the hell can I do about it?
Anyway, I have to.
You're not fooling anybody.
I always wonder lately if this is the Neil Rogers show or the Kelly Shepherd fan club.
Kelly Shepherd gave us a stiff horse last night, sir.
Kelly.
He's on our list now, believe me.
How come Kelly's winning now with the same horses?
Here, he couldn't win the thing.
Well, he's got that bike that he's been wearing.
I think he's got a good vet, too.
Well, that could be it, sir.
I could be it.
There's nothing like love and tender care.
That's what they always tell us.
Hey, I'm amazed the same horses are winning now.
They couldn't do anything together.
Well, that's the way it goes.
They go through these cycles.
You know, it's like dog food.
They go through the first 10 weeks or whatever.
Well, he's gotten a hug.
He's found the magic.
Okay.
As they say on the FM dial, he's found the magic.
Yeah, I guess.
Have a great life, Pat.
Okay, sir.
See you.
I'll get your drift.
It's 1144.
We have two open lines in Broward 524WYOD as the next course from Flora's arrives.
Look at those canolies.
Oh, man.
Did you get in there?
Alex Jr. saw one of those.
He started his eyeball, started rolling around.
Don't let Joey see those.
He gets excited when he sees something that big.
And there's some pizza.
What is that?
You heard what I said.
We heard about your disgraceful evening on the town last night.
Now, let's try to keep calm here.
Ian, Mr. Hazier over there.
Oh, look at that.
I'm having a slice of that.
Onion and sausage.
Find some place for that, Gilbert.
Like sit on it or something.
Well, see what it is.
He don't drop it now.
Man, these people, food gets going or just like those old Yentas over at that place.
And Hollywood.
What was the name of that place, carrot?
Not...
What was that place we did the remote that time in Hollywood?
What was it?
They're not listening to a word I'm saying.
Nobody wants the food comes in like I said.
They pay no attention whatsoever.
Aventura.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good Yentas.
How you doing?
Well, I'm a producer.
I want to do it.
That's what a smaught you're wearing, by the way.
Who's your designer?
I'm telling you, I almost got a divorce holding hands.
He wants me to Albert Dean of the house.
But I can't want to remind you.
We love that Calvin Klein.
He's so doing.
I just want to remind you that history repeats itself.
This is Yentas, forum.
We got rid of Hayman.
Yep.
And now we got rid of the Yentagai in the same area.
Exactly.
And believe me, history does repeat itself.
Well, just keep in mind it's on the anniversary of the Independence Day in Kuwait on forum and my 15th anniversary, which are all connected.
What a day.
Yes, sir.
Thank you very much.
I'll have an extra humontage for you just tonight.
Boy, okay.
See ya.
1146 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date, 751 and 1 and Broward, 524 WIOD.
Calvin is here with his boyfriend and with a friend of his.
Just came it off the beach.
I bet you he's a lifeguard, isn't he?
Yeah, we seen those washed out blonde types before.
And just a joke, just relax.
And we've got a real heavy duty party now.
The Zube Tube has fallen, hit the ground, and now they're really going out.
It's throughout a control.
What happened all the other people in the building that are just laying back?
Is this like an editorial comment from them or what?
Yeah, is there only one can only left in there?
Well, stick it right over here.
Let me have the thing, okay?
Because I've learned through very, very great frustration that unless you put your hands on it right away, sometimes it slips away into oblivion.
What is that?
Boy, look at these guys.
This is gross.
Keep it up.
Okay, 1147.
I'm W.Y.O.D.
Can I find my copy right in here between the Canole and the chicken nut dive in?
Get a pencil now so you can order a book that's crucial to all senior citizens and their families.
It's called How to Protect Your Life Savings from Catastrophic Illness and Nursing Home.
Wow.
You've saved your whole life for your retirement, but if it's...
That's right.
That's right, what?
Oh, I forgot to say a friend of yours from ShiaFam podcast another.
And pay the length to tell me to say hello to you.
We don't care.
You saved your whole life for retirement, but if a catastrophic illness like Alzheimer's or a stroke hits the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you, Medicare, your health insurance, even the VA won't pay you might even lose your savings.
Maybe if it's bad enough, even your house, there'll be nothing left to pass on to your children and your favorite radio personalities.
This book tells you how to protect those life savings even if you thought it's too late.
How to avoid a lean on your house and more 200 pages of practical advice from attorney Harley Gordon, a lawyer who specializes in protecting assets.
The cost is only 1895 plus shipping a small price to pay to protect your life savings.
Order your copy right now called toll-free 1-800-955-2626.
1-800-955-2626 asks for extension 12 operators are sitting by.
News 24 hours a day.
The station 610-WIOB.
The reporters and anchors and rebarrel.
Andy Calm, Stephanie Bronfield, Kevin Courtney, Elaine Ator, Robert Pancao, Jennifer Rem, and Chuck Meyer.
The resources, the Associated Press, the Florida Radio Network, United Press International, and the Mutual Radio Network.
News 24 hours a day. South Florida's news traffic and weather station.
News talk radio 610-WIOB.
Jennifer, the virus.
The last big day.
Now for Saturday are the last big day of Jay Byron's big events.
Jay Byron's big sale events.
Now for Saturday fantastic savings.
Take 30 to 50% off sensational values like these.
50% off Mrs. Ray on 7th.
40% off all plate hex broad.
Your choice. Men's solid color nights around table, lives forwardchirt, or all golf traitors shorts.
1490.
30% off all girls dresses.
Correlly midheal pumps just 1999.
And there's more.
Now for Saturday.
More fantastic savings.
More famous brand names.
40% off ocean specific for young men and boys.
40% off sué cotton nits off shorts and pants for her.
50% off a special selection of Princess Gardner per accessories.
Full blastes of Jay Byron's big sale event.
30 to 50% off Mausler Saturday.
Surprise, surprise, surprise, Jay Byron.
KTAL, Como Estesu Stead.
This is Martin Mall for DJI Fridays polishing my language skills.
For Fridays very big Mexican fiesta dela Montcho.
I have for example learned useful stuff like El Tenador, the fork.
And say, co maybe Yen Akki, the food is good here.
And Los Peruvianos Trabión Mucho, Peruvians work hard.
Well, I'll stick to standard English for this part.
For a limited time you can come to participating Fridays during our very big fiesta dela Montcho.
Then by any two Mexican dishes like our beef or chicken fajitas,
or sour cream chicken enchiladas and fajita stick back at.
And we'll give you our Mucho Mucho appetizer pizza for only one dollar more.
A big flower tortilla covered with nine delicious toppings.
So two Mexican dishes equals a Mucho Muncho pizza for a dollar.
Fridays Mexican fiesta dela Montcho.
Only a TGI Fridays, the American beast room.
In Coral Cables, TGI Fridays is on Coral Way in the Miracle Center.
That's incredible. I just lost the microphone in the middle of all the food here.
That's...
Well, no, I can't...
I can even admit that. That's a very...
I'm sure the fat any time now.
To the fat, you on this.
Yeah. To the fat.
Look at that. We got three open lines right down the middle of the board,
probably because we're so involved in the food here that people think we don't care about their important calls
and all the crafters spewing into butt kissing. And you're right, we couldn't care less.
751. And how about all the ladies? How about the nice syrupy ladies that always call, huh?
Other than the knots landing lady and...
What is it?
The Blade Runner girl.
The Blade Runner girl. What is that?
EBS.
So, that's not saying it's getting out of us.
He said, it's not a fun.
What are you doing in there? Are you nuts?
I didn't do it in the fireball.
It went off by itself?
Boy, I tell you, even the EBS system is excited about our anniversary show.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah. I'd like to call my friend Milk's son a major dude.
Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
And preface it by saying hello, how you guys doing? Happy anniversary.
I mean, is that all?
Yeah.
Okay.
No, no. Thanks for your honesty.
Um, what else? What else?
What is it? Ian said that's a female.
Oh, man. Congratulations, Ian. What a good start.
Wow. He's pretty sharp, isn't he?
Sharp is a soggy, mozza ball on Helen Dale Beach Boulevard.
So anyway, what are you?
Are you done?
Yes.
Yes.
I mean, we call here to talk to you now for you to talk to him.
We're listening.
Okay. Did you finish your day off from Ollie?
What?
Did you finish your damn canoli?
No, I didn't finish my damn canoli.
You didn't finish your damn canoli, but you lost your microphone in the canoli.
I lost my microphone.
And Joey was sitting on it, keeping it warm for us.
All right. Well, you keep up the good work and happy anniversary,
and we'll hear from you in another year or so.
Okay.
Later, you know.
Thanks a lot, bitch.
It's 11.53 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date County.
It's ringing as we speak.
Palm Beach has been quiet all morning, and thank God we have
and stood things up up there.
Yeah. I'm happy in the fed of yourself, Yastag.
Because I was listening to wicked suts when those old waxy,
a rickshaw, a rickshaw, a rickshaw, a rickshaw.
And that's where it's from.
First of all, those people at any brains they would have been listening to us on Zeta,
not them, of those days on waxy.
I got those cycles, the quitterside.
Am I right?
Yes.
I mean, they were terminal in the morning over there.
They're great over here.
We love them, but they're show on waxy sucked.
Just ask Budo if you don't believe me.
Pompano.
Okay, Niel.
Yes, sir.
Okay. First off, a new listener, first time caller.
Wonderful.
Congratulations to you.
I have no attention to that miserable slut that just called him home.
I have to patch on your back.
This is no BS trip here.
I used to not be able to stand you.
I could not stand you, sorry, but I guess I judged you too hard.
That's what?
I judged you too hard.
As far as a radio personality, because I, you know,
listening to music all the time, I guess some people get brain dead, listen to music.
Since the war started, I have not changed the radio station.
Thank God for you, sir.
And I'm just one of these people who came around looking for a little bit of news
and a little free plug for something.
You know what the worst news is?
You've heard.
I drive all over the state of Florida.
The worst part was I realized I was kind of hooked in the day when,
the answer wasn't, I missed the meal Roger show and I was upset.
I couldn't believe it.
And I thought, oh my God, I must be hooked to these, these lunatics on W-I-O-D.
And I just like to think.
Wow, look at this, with a tuxedo, Jeff from Pizza Loft, all dressed up, but nowhere to go.
Look at this guy, a maniac.
I would just like to thank you and Rick and Suds and W-I-O-D for making a bad time with the war a better time.
Well thank you, sir, and we can be damn proud of our troops in the government finally.
We did something right and we kicked some ass and we can stand up and be proud not have to apologize for it.
One last thing, the radio station won't change because it's too much fun listening to you guys.
And the dials broke.
Yes, you got it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
You're a great American.
That's the kind of call we like.
Somebody who just kisses a lot of button doesn't have to apologize for it, like Jeff from Pizza Loft.
Look at that.
Wow, had a big tray here like there was a big beautiful lasagna in it and he opened it up and there's a bunch of crap in it.
He's got bags and plates and all kinds of stuff.
Uppers and lowers, all kinds of plates.
Anyways, 1155, we have an open-minded, brown-ored, 524 happy anniversary, 524 call and suck around a little bit and pretend you care because we know you don't.
Anyway, boy, this is, my head is swimming.
Isn't anybody getting full yet?
Oh, almost.
I can even think of that.
Oh yeah, you just got here.
You can get from here.
But do it in the hallway.
We don't want people in here to get excited.
Let's go to a North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
In the fat by the way, Calvin, you're pulling on a little weight.
Isn't he getting fat?
Yes, sir.
Sounds great.
You're having a good, sir.
We're having a blast, sir.
That's right.
Hey, Kevin.
How's it going out there?
In fact, that number 15, you know, that 15th anniversary?
Yeah.
It comes to mind to something I probably want more than anything I could think of.
That's that 15 million in lottery this weekend.
Isn't it amazing how things time out?
Hey, if you win that, then you can retire.
That'll mean no 16.
I guarantee you that.
What?
Listen, by the way, play me an old cart by the name of God in no shape like a banana.
Oh, yeah, very good.
That's an oldie but a goodie.
Yes, sir.
I got it right here somewhere very close.
All right.
Have a great life, sir.
You too.
Thanks for the memories.
Okay.
If we play our cards right, we can, what?
No, you're getting fat.
And for somebody with a real hot body like you used to have, it's embarrassing.
That's what Ian said.
He said he used to be beautiful.
Silky.
Now, seriously, you said you used to have this beautiful, slippery body and no more.
Cellulite.
Cellulite.
So if you see Calvin hanging out at the beach, so to speak, call a police.
Okay, let's see.
Number 39, boy, are we on top of it?
We got the ACM library out.
Now, why is your nose in that cheesecake, man?
That's disgraceful.
Probably something big, great wine talk.
My name is Barry.
I sing like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing spandex pants, I'm trying to shrink it.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit that they own my albums.
Because my songs are queer.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
He got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Out my nose, you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got a heart girl.
The size of the young girl.
When I get a stumps of nose, I be sad in a hole.
But now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticking.
My nose in your face.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
He got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Out my nose, you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
Oh God.
What are you doing?
Not what are you on the phone?
What are your grade?
That's incredible.
What is a great American?
He's moving around hoping to pick up some of the fallout.
When you get this much food that comes in, people you haven't seen in months.
You're so mean to be alive.
There is a lot.
Trust me.
Anyway, Gilbert is going to have a little conference here to see if Gilbert can arrange with the
you and allow him to stay after the noon cutoff.
We had this deadline that was voted on by 183 nations voted to eliminate Gilbert at noon.
But we'll see what we can do for him.
Anyway, the lovely Elaine Etter who is just desperate to sink her teeth into some of the...
I'll tell you what, just leave your teeth in the glass and here and we'll put them around that cheesecake while you're doing the news.
Are you afraid tonight?
I'd like to go out with you for a day.
You're too young for her Gilbert conduct.
Well, they'll be fighting for bragging rights, I guess.
You could call out as Miami plays FIU on Monday night.
I call it preemption.
That means that I won't be doing Goldberg at night until after that basketball game is over with.
So listen to the ball game with Sunny and Joe.
And then join Goldberg at night.
It will take your calls up to 11 o'clock.
It happens every night here on News Talk Radio 610's WIOD.
There too, Miami cops with a hot new beat.
There on the streets fighting crime.
They pops at the handicap space there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Helen Dale Vice.
We get a problem.
The grey gang is up to the early tricks.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven?
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
They'll stop at nothing and clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross at the light.
They're determined to clean up the smuggling business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. Watch the charge.
Session to powder.
I'm in that first tub. Let's see that wife stuff.
Yeah, just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here.
Oh, for what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a man.
Here's their cover in Miami cups and hot newbies in Helen Dale Vice.
Remearing this fall on MBC.
Bravo, seven at WIOD.
Our butch news department is really doing it again, man.
Chuck is up and down to hall with his boots.
He comes marching in here and he gives me a slip.
One that he was wearing as a matter of fact, nice pink one.
And it says, President Bush is doing a news conference at 12.45 today.
This man is just out of control.
I'm working on P.W. Herman, forget him.
Well, we'll see what happens.
We have a little thing we're going to sure.
That'll be good.
We can eat in peace and not have to be bothered by all these pen and he has callers.
George Bush is a very happy man.
Mr. Gilbert, will you just calm down?
We don't want to get political today on the day of your daughter's brother-in-law's wedding?
Okay.
Let's just take a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Just keep in mind, sir, every second you're speaking is a second that Gilbert is not.
That's good.
Yes.
I'm a long-time listener, first time caller.
Great.
I started listening to you back on Zeta 4.
I guess you did the very first show you were talking about some Cooper City high coach or principal.
Do you remember that show?
No, yeah.
That was communist or something like that.
Not exactly.
Well, anyway, moving forward, sir.
Moving forward.
I tried some of these restaurants you're talking about.
Pizza loft.
Brick oven last night.
Yep.
Fantastic.
Yes, sir.
What about the Lotta, Miranda?
What about it?
Yeah.
You have a bin there?
I have a bin there, yeah.
The very best.
Yeah, what do you recommend there?
If you like, well, it depends on what you like.
If you like, feel they got great wheel dishes.
They make just about any kind of an Italian dish you like there.
It's just incredible.
Okay.
One more thing.
Yes.
What is it?
Territus.
Yes.
Sonny's.
Whereabouts is that?
I'm in Miami all the time.
You know where we are?
No.
We're on a 79th Street Causeway.
They're like right there east of us.
If you go to Biscayne.
Okay.
I mean, they're west of us.
Well, you've shot up and stopped correcting me, Alex.
If you go to Biscayne and 79th,
and you come east.
Right.
They're like a few blocks east of Biscayne right on 79th Street.
Sonny's market.
It's a big farmer's market.
He's been here for years.
You've seen him on TV with a white hair in the whole bit.
Yeah.
We're talking fresh caratuse.
We're talking fabulous, sir.
The best.
I'll have to try it out.
My friend and mine got to be interested in the long car.
They must Charlie.
I just wanted to say hi to him.
He listens to you all the time.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
You're great.
I'm happy.
Okay.
1209.
And the list of employees that are getting fed is growing.
We're keeping a big list in the hallway now.
We were hearing a little bit of fetching out there before Cheryl came in with an intermediate report
that the staff had been promised that they would all be fed today.
And some of the people were not getting fed downstairs and around the bowels of the building
and starting to grumble and make rumbling sounds.
And I said there was probably some of the indigestion from the food they ate earlier in a week.
But that could be a rumor.
But they're all getting fed now.
We've got Jeff from Pizza Loft has gone crazy here.
I've done them self-dressed up like an idiot in a tuxedo and a tie and a whole bit.
And we're dishing out lasagna and everything.
I mean, you name it, we got it.
Pizza up the anose.
No matter if I could look at that Kelvin just pulling in there.
A little pepperoni hanging out and disgusting.
There's a painful fact about Neil Rogers, you should know.
That's a major cause of stiffness and swelling.
Slow down, you'll be.
I don't care if I never get back so it's no clue.
We'll look for the copies.
If they don't win it's a shame.
But it's none.
Two, three strikes show out of the old one.
Great job, Gilbert.
Memories from the past.
The most of us would try to forget.
I know the price is right.
1214 at WIOD, we have El Presidente coming up at 1245.
And we'll get nice.
What is it?
You want a Stogi?
What are you going to do with it, Joey?
These are very good, by the way.
And because of their interesting shape and slim size,
you might find some good use for them.
Another very good.
They are.
And I have a lighter.
Who stole my lighter, Jeff?
Okay, thank you.
Don't panic, anybody.
You know me with these lighters.
Well, we do have a lighter problem around here.
Because you know what they say?
They don't get any lighter than Gilbert.
We have an open line in date.
7519463.
I was going to say any lighter than Ian,
but he's in the middle of eating now.
T-shirt Bob is here.
What do you got, Bob?
Beautiful.
Oh, those are nice.
Operation Debrit Storm T-shirts.
With a flag on one side.
Is that for me?
Thank you, Bob.
You're a great American.
Yeah, that's my canola back there.
Don't anybody touch that, baby.
Bring the gun.
Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
There's somebody on there, George.
George, are you in there?
Oh, there he is.
Hold on.
Okay, let's try a candle.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of people out of control in tuxedos.
I've been noticing certain radio personalities.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Those are unreal people.
There is no shame, sir.
Believe me when I tell you.
Is Ellen is knees or something?
Alice?
Yeah, with the cat over the table.
I don't know, but I hear those boots.
Well, any chance.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Look at this.
Oh, jeez, oh, man.
Sir, I want to tell you something.
The Romans in their wildest days.
Never had eating orgies like this.
Mike from Brickov and Pizza Rear is here.
We got pizza up the...
You know where?
Yeah, Ying Ying.
Sir, can you handle it?
Absolutely.
Okay.
I'm not joking.
I have never seen this much food.
And even in the gigantic bar mitzvah,
I have never seen this much food.
Hi, Mike.
I said, how are you?
Have a great life, man.
I think he lost it.
I think the color just went...
Gilbert, I'm trying to conduct a radio show here.
And you're hucking a trinic with Mike from Pizza Loft.
From Brickov and Pizza.
They're all blending in together at this point.
I don't know who's with what.
Come on, Cheryl.
Die right into the party here, okay?
You could be the centerpiece.
Oh, man.
Also, today's Elaine Etto is one of your anniversaries.
So she and I have our anniversary on the same date.
And we're going to take a little office pool to see who reaches the next one.
Just a joke, Elaine.
It's just a little joke.
Oh, there's old suds is in there now with his dark shades
and his Peter R. Net haircut.
At a boy's suds, you're doing it all the way.
And as far as those old waxy morning list is yours,
give them the old Italian salote from A-PAL.
Oh, man, that's your been an omen.
So anyway, Mike had brought about 400 pies from Brickov and Pizza Rea
and Andy Postos and a partridge in a pear tree and David Cassidy and drag.
Oh, Joey wants a life.
There you go, pal.
Don't say I never gave you anything.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Fine. I'm from Hitting Minnesota.
Well, listen.
Everybody's got a cross to bear.
Yeah, but you know what?
Every time I come down here, my boyfriend and sister that I listen to your show.
So I'm starting to get to like your...
And I was like, he exerted a lot of pressure for you,
he kind of put the muscle on, he'd listen to the show.
That's right.
You know who else is from Hitting Minnesota?
Yes.
I have no idea.
Kevin Macheal from the Boston Celtic.
Oh, man, you mean Dracula and Drag?
Have you ever seen him and Bella Legosi together?
It's Littjo, it's Littjo.
Oh, the guy's looking for us.
The lighting is Littjo.
The other guys look like that up there.
What is it?
I said, oh...
All the guys look like that up there.
Well, thank God some of us don't live there.
That's why I have a boyfriend here.
Yeah, I don't blame him.
Well, congratulations on your 15 years.
Ian just got picked up the scent from your call.
Oh!
Well, you have a good one.
And you too.
Thank you.
I wish I did.
It's 1218 at WYOD.
We have two open lines in Broward, 524.
Now listen, George, let's kind of plan this out strategically,
just like the war.
Let's take our break a little early.
So that Stinking News Department doesn't muscle in on us
and we lose all the spots, okay?
It's 1218 and we'll be right back.
21 past noon at WYOD.
Everybody expect to right now because Norman Elliott Kent is here.
The new star of Morning Radio in the limited areas of Fort Lauderdale.
He's got my Christmas gift.
Well, let me take a look at it.
Oh, God!
It is a one of those real wide, like a panoramic picture,
opening night, the first night game at Riggly Field.
Is this the one that got rained out or the one that we played?
The one that got rained out that night.
Norm, is this the one that we actually played?
Oh, because the first game against the Phillies got rained out.
But anyway, it's August 888 and it's a Riggly Field full color.
And the whole panoramic view, it's like a cinemoscope,
wide screen thing.
Picture, no actual photograph.
Beautiful.
Boy, now how am I going to get that home?
It's fit in my car, it's fit in the deck.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope so.
Well, that'll be great.
Joey can help me carry that down to a clock,
and we'll stick him in the trunk.
I know we wanted to get it to you.
Great, Norm, thank you so much.
That really is beautiful.
In fact, it'll go right by my Ryan Sandberg picture
that's on the wall right now, unless he doesn't sign.
Anyway, what are we going to do?
Look, can we get that somewhere?
I'll tell you what, in fact, what we need to do is have somebody
go out to my car right now and put that in there.
And a car, too, and a picture.
Right, Joey?
We can trust Joey with my vet.
Just don't start the engine, idiot.
Okay, 1222 at WID, thank you, Norm.
That is magnificent.
Although I do think it has a couple of things missing.
Is that what you're looking for?
A couple little brackets.
How do you want?
Very carefully.
No, you pop open to back, and you slide it like in
and over the front seat, not my seat, the passenger seat.
Unless there was going to be a passenger in on my way home.
We'll figure that out later, Joey.
1223 at WIOD, let's go to Halendale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Fantastic.
This is better than the Ringling Brothers Barnum
and douchebag circus.
So, you need to call the Halendale vice over here, man.
I'm working at a limpus condominium,
and the tips are just getting worse and worse over here.
I don't understand.
How do you think we're supposed to make a living?
Yeah.
I bet you're siphoned.
I bet your siphoned life gets bigger tips than you guys.
How do you tip when you go?
I'm sure you're pretty good tip.
Yes, sir.
I certainly am.
I really large tips everywhere I go,
except in Pompoidore, they don't allow me to tip,
and as a result, everybody thinks I'm a cheapskate.
What's the problem with the track up there?
They don't think I'm cheap because Alan won't let me leave a tip,
but believe it, I leave enough at the windows to make up for it.
So, how you been?
Great.
Everything's good.
Everything's great so far.
Glad to hear it.
How's your life, sir?
It's all right.
I'm a scale on a scale of one.
Yeah, I don't know if you remember who I am.
I'm a doctor.
Madonna panties, you used to call them, right?
Yeah.
You guys know where's the Madonna panties, right?
Yeah, I used to wear them sniffle-meat, I mean, they're great.
Well, anyway, just wanted to say hello.
Listen, try stir fries, not bad.
Stir fries are great.
Yeah, there's stir fries.
Are you trying these vegetables?
Oh, there's a little Madonna stir fries.
Yes, sir.
Get the gumbo out of there.
It's already got its own grease in it, just great.
Oh, just got gumbo there.
Have a great life, sir.
I just want to call Tony and Don major dish bags.
Good job.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Wow.
Heavy duty in Hellendale.
We have an open line in Broward.
Let's take another break.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, listen.
We're going to get it all in in spite of our arrogant news department
and news director.
Man, I just can't.
Or we, and by the way, I haven't paid any attention.
Are we still playing the boots at the top of the hour?
Because I had a report.
I don't want to mention Henry told me that as of this morning,
we were get dumping the boots.
And what was in them?
And they made a comeback because we couldn't find the old news intro.
So ladies and gentlemen,
without further ado, God Almighty, as long as there's anything going on in the world
will still going to be hucking a china for those boots.
Thank you, Norm.
That was fantastic.
Incredible.
Well, you earned it.
Yes, I did.
True comfort.
That's right.
And I gave you the inspiration to be a superstar in radio.
Absolutely.
And if you ever get...
And if you ever get on a real station, God only knows what could happen.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm saying like...
Yeah, I made it to the big time.
I'm getting to hang up on Gilbert on a daily basis.
Good.
Great.
No, I'm saying like to Steve Cain for me, okay?
And by the way, he also mentioned...
We don't mention that name on this air, sir.
Even I'm especially on the day of my daughter's brisk, we don't mention those things.
Yeah, I called up Randy at seven o'clock.
I woke her up this morning.
For what?
Told him to meet me down here.
She's here.
She sure isn't showing a rugby head in the hair.
Sure.
And what are these rumors you try to start about you and Randy?
Is that a new rumor?
Trying to change your image?
Trying to.
You know, fake him.
Unlikely.
Anyway, we have an open line on the star line.
If you have Bellsoft mobility, you'd like to call up and chew out Norm Kent.
Star-I-O-D.
Star-I-O-D.
There he goes.
Big hot shot attorney.
His beepers going off already.
Probably timed it before he came in here.
How did that thing fit?
Is he working out and out there?
Or is he not coming back in?
What happened a little joy with the keys to my vent?
Always testing it out.
Make sure it doesn't fall out.
Here's Randy Martin looking really ragged today.
Probably that early morning phone call that woke her up again.
Well, there's nothing that I hate more like those two calls I heard yesterday ripping me on Rick and Suds.
I just wanted to say that we had one big happy family at this radio station ladies and gentlemen.
This is great.
Occasionally though we do make an exception.
Oh no.
Not Randy Martin again.
Oh!
26th accurate.
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You're a great American.
Yes.
And I want to suck up right away before you ask for whatever you're looking for.
Before you lay in him came...
Come on.
Yeah.
Can you put on the love brothers of Vanceley and Allie?
Oh, but you know how long that thing is that would kill like almost the whole time we've got between now and then.
I've been taping a whole show.
Right Bob.
What?
I've been taping a whole show since 10 o'clock.
It's in the machine right now.
Go for it.
Do we do it or what?
Come on.
Are you grateful it's in there right now?
All right. You're welcome.
We'll say goodbye.
Hey Tom.
Where's the love brothers?
Ah!
One area we've never pursued is auto racing.
Oh sure.
We don't know a lot about racing.
I mean we thought you sack was what you yelled at a day who fingered you in a police line up.
You know we're ready to give it a try though.
In fact we're both wearing checkered flag briefs.
Yeah.
When it comes to love, Sally and I always finish first.
Anyway, Nick and I are co-sponsoring a team in this year's 500.
One with a major corporate sponsor.
Exactly.
So when you're at the track, look for Nick and Sonny's team Vaseline.
Oh sure.
Team Valveline is better known but our money Vaseline is the better lubricant.
In fact, four out of five proctologists actually prefer it.
Plus, we've already petitioned the speed waiter and named the garage area Vaseline Alley.
So prove, Sonny.
Anyway, the fine folks at Vaseline are also providing us with the hospitality tent.
Thanks to Vaseline, we can fit twice as many people as most sponsors.
And if you stop by our hospitality tent, you'll meet our hostess Clarice.
She'll greet you at the door, give you a name tag, and take your hat and jacket off.
No, Nick.
We're quiet.
What a bargain, Nick.
Anyway, we feel our team will be very competitive.
We've hired an entire pit crew of women.
Or as we refer to them crack mechanics.
They're great, Sonny.
Although I think they misunderstood our suggestion regarding our love van last night.
Because when we got there, they ejected up in the van.
You know guys, it was tough choosing a driver.
You know, we wanted Linda Vaughn, but she didn't pass the use act inspection.
Yeah, it seems our side pods were too large.
Anyway, we did hire a lovely gal, Maria said on top of us.
She's Greek, so we made her a backup driver.
Yeah, her car is go sponsored by KY Jelly and Hershey's kisses.
You know, our number one driver, however, is none other than the lovely bus-de-bale.
You might remember last year she drove the Fredericks of Hollywood special.
The car's nose was covered by a peek of a braw.
You know, everybody says she's too inexperienced, but Nick and I have firstly watched her do two very hot laps.
Yeah, ours!
And anyway, when Busty wins, we've asked the speedway to have two bottles of milk ready.
We don't want her to lose her balance and smother Paul Payne.
You know, Bob, we feel Busty will have the best car in the field.
It took us all weekend to set her up, but we can now safely say her chassis feels great.
Anyway, we're now using Good Year's newest design, the ribbed radials.
They're ribbed for Busty safety and enjoyment.
Yeah, and they come with fiesta colors, but we asked for the standard black.
We found they always look a little bigger.
Why can't we bring you such high quality racing?
One reason, because we're the greatest spectacles in racing.
We're the love brothers.
Okay, thanks a lot Gilbert for shutting up.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Hi, yeah, Rick, I'm, or Neil's side.
Rick, I'd like to thank all the troops in Saudi Arabia.
I'd like to ask you and all your listeners for help to get the homeless people warm clothes and blankets at the Comelius House.
Right.
You know, because it's weekend, it's supposed to get really cold.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, so could you help me out with that?
Okay. Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Yeah, we mentioned that yesterday I'm glad you reminded me to mention it again today.
They are running really short on blankets and warm clothing at Camilla's House.
So if you get a chance to get down there this afternoon or tomorrow morning and bring a bunch of stuff,
you probably have all kinds of old woolen undies and whatever.
Laying around and get them down there, because it's going to be really frigid this weekend.
There's an open line in Dade County, 7519-463, North Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Brother, show.
Okay.
Listen, along with the leaflets I'm dropping over North Broward.
I'd like to verbally warn everyone that at the one o'clock we're going to pass Cassier and Oakland Park,
and we want all the military, you know, not military.
Okay.
Bye.
Thank you.
Okay, go bring yourselves accordingly.
We've had your warning.
1242 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the Oakland Park line, 524, hysteria, 524.
It's a gas.
Delray Beach.
Hey.
Yeah.
What's Chuck Myers' real title?
O'Jahm Pervaca Tour.
I knew it.
I knew it.
He's the Chief AP.
Is he the same guy that when they discovered a suspect on the Gainesville slings in the jail somewhere
that he broke the news on the air with an erroneously reported that he had been arrested and charged?
Sir, are you going to mess me up with Chuck Meyer again?
I just got through spending 10 minutes in here with a herniating experience trying to mend my fences.
He's a great guy.
It's just like most people in the news business occasionally is full of crap.
Well, on top of that, he made promo for the next two weeks with the same report.
That's okay.
Don't confuse us with the facts, sir.
We're just interested in being first, whether it's accurate or not is not important.
Well, if George Bush got 10 minutes, Chuck should get 10 minutes.
You bet.
All right.
Jane Zadooshbag.
Okay.
1243.
Don't start up with Chuck Meyer again.
Okay.
He's one of the best people we got in the building.
I have no idea why he's working in a crampy market like this.
He ought to be up there with the networks for crying out loud, but let's face it.
He's fat.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655-946-3655-WIOD.
We ought to do something nice for Chuck.
Okay.
Did he leave?
Is he on a way out?
Probably on a way home right now because he is so intense.
He's very nervous about those very bonds negotiations.
We ought to do something nice for him.
There's a drive going back.
It might be headed.
Cops went.
Cops went.
Cops went.
Yeah.
And what's going to happen when he, what's Chuck going to say when he finds out that Barry Bond's
really did go to the Cubs for three minuscule players like Steve Wilson and Hector Villanova
and some other douchebag.
Holy cow!
Yeah, that's what he'll say.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I really say holy cow chip.
Probably that's what it'll be.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing fine.
A while back, you mentioned that Hoseka and Sektos, ladies' episode on a never-ending soap opera.
Yes, sir.
My disgust here has been that here in Miami they tend to name streets after bozos like
Hanseko and are we going to continue embarrassing ourselves by honoring such people like him?
Depend on it.
And I was told that Chuck Myers was the one that recommended Hoseka and Sektos Street's name.
That's right.
So we should not continue this doing this thing here in Miami.
You know what they say?
Birds of a feather, speed together.
Let's get them both.
There you go.
That's right.
I hope you have a good day and let's go keep supporting our troops.
Okay, and go Cubs.
Bye-bye.
1244 at WIOD.
I don't know what these people are talking about, but at least we got them off that other stuff anyway.
We have an open line.
I don't know what stuff they are on, but boy, I sure like to find some.
751 WIOD in day 751 Chuck Myers God.
Don't forget weekend magazine.
We check my order tomorrow morning.
Who's the heaven on Daniel Ellsberg?
No, it's just a joke.
Don't get hysterical.
You know who we need now?
I was thinking about this in the shower this morning, which goes to show you how my mind is melting.
We need Jack Ruby.
Send his ass.
See, instead of sending Peter R. Net over there to do the interview with Saddam.
Can you imagine Jack Ruby could have gone in there?
He could have probably brought a couple of strippers along because that's a business he was in.
Hey, look at this, Saddam.
And then when he least expected it, look at that.
We need Jack Ruby back, bad.
1245, here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
I've been listening to your find admiration of Peter R. Net, and I was just wondering,
is this a disseculation like everybody else?
But all those pictures in CNN or on CNN of the woman, point, or finger?
Yeah.
Did they do a real good makeup job on Peter?
Yeah.
No, seriously.
Do you know that?
I don't know if it was that one or if it was another report, but there was a...
I think it was that one.
And they finally admitted after five days of showing it that the woman was an Iraqi agent.
No, Sam, I'm not joking.
I'm serious.
Well, I don't think it was that one.
It was another one that they showed over and over and over again.
And then they finally had to admit with their tail between their toes that it was an Iraqi agent
and that she was just full of crap.
Well, I just thought that maybe Peter and that was working a double job,
but he painted the sign first that it was in English, and then he was the one that they made up to look like the woman.
Yeah, he money is an old sign painter.
Anyway, did you notice yesterday they gave him the grand tour of the Aura sheet hotel?
And one of the other reporters said that in the basement they saw all this radio equipment
and all these phone lines and all this other stuff, and he didn't know what it was for.
Peter R&N for some mysterious reason never saw any of that, or at least so he told us.
So they must be holding that thing a lot closer to his head than they are to the other guys.
Have a great day.
Have a good one.
Okay.
1247 at W-I-E either that or they got that big poster of Rick Sanchez crouching over.
That'll do it every time.
That would scare the hell out of me.
Hold it, Rick.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655 pedestrian.
655 W-I-O-D and we'll be right back.
And you.
This is the Neil Rogers 1-2-O.
You got a problem with that snap ahead.
Oh!
Hi, everybody.
This is Safety Office of Mike Tyson Heavyweight Champion of the world.
You're bad as dude around.
The baddest driver around too.
With your driving tip of the day.
A few months ago I was in the K-Mart with my ex-wife Robin Gibbons.
I can't believe it.
Maybe you read about her in the papers.
I couldn't see the tree because of damn catwits in my way.
Robin said I was stupid to stick Garfield on the windshield.
I mean, that's really bitchy to me.
I mean, call the heavyweight champion the world's stupid.
Now that's stupid.
So I faked Robin a left.
I took her out with a clean right hand, knocked her right down completely.
First, a standing acount.
I couldn't believe it.
Maybe you read about that in the paper.
But anyway, my attitude toward Garfield the cat has really been affected greatly.
In fact, if I see you driving around with Garfield the cat in your car,
I may lose complete control.
I don't know what will happen.
Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too.
Okay, it's a 107 at WIOD.
I notice the George is playing fast and loose with our cart pot here
during those long, long over the...
See, there is no...
What was that?
How come the sound is on him, TV?
You know, who the hell did that?
Fat Rich turned the sound up on a goddamn TV?
This place is out of control here, man.
What was I starting to say about that slime ball elane tour before I got interrupted there?
About that pot closing a pot.
There would be no problem going on if the news ended when it was supposed to at five after the hour.
Okay, honey?
Happy anniversary, Elaine.
Now we're ready.
Don't be a Yenton.
Okay.
What are we doing?
It's 108.
I got a great call, unfortunately, during the break from Dick Purton.
And Rick O'Reilly said it all up.
He tells me, he called them up there and also a listener from plantation called him and urged him to call me on my 15th anniversary.
He calls me at 1246.
And of course, it would have been great to have him on the air.
Because he tingled over me for 10 minutes.
I had to put my hip boots on.
He was calling from Detroit.
The only problem is was right in the middle of El Presidente that we had to interrupt the show again for another press conference
because the news department is out of stink and control.
God almighty, that Chuck Murray looks like Hermann Gehring, who's stepping up and down.
Give him a goose, okay? Straighten his ass out.
God, we're sick of it already.
Will you? The war is over, guys.
Also, I want to...
And so anyway, Dick Purton was really kind to call.
And it was just so complimentary.
It was, oh, I told him it was disgusting.
James and Alex McGee, I have no idea who they are, but they have sent from a designer flower outlet a beautiful.
Thing with roses and balloons.
Man, we got enough balloons in here.
We could have like our own dizzy world.
Look at that.
God almighty.
Calvin better hang on tight to some of these balloons so we don't fly away over the weekend.
Look at that.
All right, it's...
So, 109, let's take a call or two.
Most of the calls lit up again after we lost them for some strange reason.
The 1245, I do not want to say because Rick was nice enough to set that thing up with Dick Purton.
And Mr. Riley's box.
You just got this thing like a club...
You just got this thing like a club domainiac.
Yeah, well, that's good.
And of course, you could have just looked at it down in there and stuck it back where it belonged.
But of course, Rick likes to stick it wherever he can.
It's 9 minutes after one.
Isn't this...
You have never seen the amount of food that came in here this morning.
It was grotesque. It really was.
In fact, there's still...
Is that stuff in there?
What's in there?
Oh, look at that.
Big CD.
Oh, I can't think of that.
And pies and lasagna and look at that.
Hey, if there are people in the building who haven't eaten yet, I'm telling you there's some heavy-duty good stuff that's like virgin and clean and the garlic slices there and sandwiches.
All you got to do is pop them into microwave.
What?
Happy anniversary.
Well, thank you so much, Rick.
I knew as soon as you ran that press conference, you was going to call.
I knew it.
He did, like a minute into it.
Yeah.
And I said, well, we're not on the air.
We just put that press conference on.
He loves you.
Hey, I'm telling you.
He just obsessed.
And anyway, I told him the next time he comes in, he was just in Naples last week and he was listening.
The next time he comes down, I'm making him pledge to come over here for one day.
He's a great guy.
He's terrific.
You heard that whole Alex Bennett saga?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, he was listening around the time I had the stroke and he's just very concerned about my health.
He's just a water ant.
And he also, you know, he owns a big piece of that station up there.
So it's a good thing to brown those around with him a lot.
Because the weather sucks, but boy, they make the big bucks.
I'm telling you Detroit is like a big time major market.
Exactly.
Q95 Detroit Dick Purtney.
The best.
Thank you, Rick and the good life.
Okay, it's a 10 past one.
And by the way, love your old Waxy Lister's man up there is okay.
Yes, screw them.
Their taste is in their tuss.
Anyway, we'll take your caller to here.
We got Pahokie online.
Uncle Mail.
Yes, sir.
The universe is made up of bullet cherries.
Thank you so much.
All right. How you doing today?
We're doing okay, buddy.
They're just all ready to hibernate.
We've been eating and eating and eating and eating and eating and now it's starting to seep its way out.
Well, I'm gonna suck up here because I have two requests, I want you to buy.
Oh, boy.
All right.
I rack you in Bullwink with the half of them on parade.
Is there some connection between that, sir?
The way you said them, they're kind of like one slid into the other, so to speak.
Well, I got them here, sir.
And I'll tell you what.
What?
Can you play them in about five minutes?
We'll do it.
In about five minutes.
All right.
Not a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I mean, I got to wait five minutes.
Give me time to run them on truck.
So I get my truck starting to record them because I've been recording your car so I'll make sure.
Okay. Well, when you get in there, just give us like a big high sign.
All right.
All right.
Curse you big, bag.
Okay.
All right.
Wow. The pressure now is building.
What do you want to hear?
You want to hear Iraqi at Bullwinkle?
No, it's not in Young Meal, okay?
I got your young Neal right over here.
All right.
We got the first one and the other was the douchebags on parade.
Okay.
Listen, if you're a regular fan or even if you've never been to a harness race before, this is a great weekend to get out there to
Poppano Parkhouse tonight.
Christmas list, the adopted horse of the 610 WI, the Poppano Harness fan racing stable could go over the $15,000 market stable earnings with a win in the ninth race.
At tomorrow night, one lucky patron will win 10 grand in cash just by being there and entering the Poppano Harness Supercash giveaway.
And if you're really nice, Kelly Sheppard will mark your program and they'll have to take you to Camille sauce for dinner tomorrow.
Anyway, don't forget if you're a member of our promotion, you can use your clubhouse pass for free admission, both nights tonight and again tomorrow nights.
I'm outstanding races.
I already have the program for tonight.
Dominic Pavius marked all the losers as brothers driving him.
And except for Christmas list, who will win again tonight, trust me.
It's going to be great.
So be sure whatever you do to come on out tonight for the great races.
Christmas list in the ninth and tomorrow night with a $10,000 Supercash giveaway at Poppano Harness, exciting racing.
In fact, even if you just come to watch your rich and meat burn tickets between races, that's a lot of fun.
There's no extra charge for that free parking bill 630 and racing nightly every night except Sunday, post time 730 at Poppano Park will see you tonight for sure.
Hey, we don't have time to worry about the crap in there.
Okay.
Roses here and Gilbert is attacking every female and Laura stay out of there.
He's in heat now. He's sugar level went up to 600 and he started his hormones are out of balance.
Now, even though give a big kiss to Ian there, it was him.
The first one was pretty good. The second one.
Okay, just calm down.
All right, it's 116.
What do you got there?
Rose, we got a bunch of balloons.
We got enough hot air and gas in the studio.
Rick Sanchez runs for his money.
Saturday morning joint, Paul Winkle J Moose and his bully buddy Sadam Hussein for the mad cap.
Miss adventures of Iraqi and Bullwinkle.
The United Nations is about to speak.
Who cares? Give me that crystal ball.
Second, he got up on the wrong side of the bunker.
Perhaps a poem will help.
Today, Sadam, your one whacked out dude and just like your oil, your smelly and crew.
And Moose, did you say your squirrel friend?
Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure, he's over there.
And over there? And over there?
Who, my, Rocky? What do you know about this, Sadam?
Don't ask me. Ask my auntie.
Auntie, auntie who?
Andie, clap.
Oh, no.
Join us next time for oil swell, that ends well, or kiss your gas goodbye.
Hey Moose, what's weather forecast for today?
Bull me.
Uh-oh.
Iraqi and Bullwinkle. Saturday morning on New Caledia.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
And I asked whole celebration and they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk.
Oh, hear them shuffling feet.
That's 40,000 assholes doing assholes from the neighborhood.
That's the besides good people and the assholes on the road.
And I asked the assholes for freedom.
The assholes for fun.
The assholes for Jesus.
The assholes for guns.
The assholes for justice.
The assholes for crime.
The assholes for assholes.
The assholes for all time.
We got assholes making money.
We're making all the rules.
Takin' all our jobs.
They're feeling a fine school.
Assholes on the water.
Assholes on the sky.
I decide to settle for one it's only assholes need to fly
Oh teacher won't you tell me am I really made the grade?
Am I held my class or am I just another asshole on the grade?
I decide to settle for one it's only assholes need to fly
Oh teacher won't you tell me am I really made the grade?
I decide to settle for one it's only assholes need to fly
Oh teacher won't you tell me am I really made the grade?
Am I really made the grade?
Am I really made the grade?
Am I really made the grade?
Am I really made the grade?
Am I really made the grade?
Yeah it's quite different all right roses really depressed she came in the neighborhood for the first time in recent years
Get a life.
Twenty after one at WIOD we are fulfilling all requests today on the day of Elaine and Tourist Briss
We have an open line in Dade County 751 while we're working on her nose something like that and we have an open line in the star line star IOD
We might take a couple more calls before the end of the...
It's when you stick your thing in a vice okay?
And a tight and a real tight and then you pull your head out of there real quick and see what happens
That's a good way to get a cheap nose job.
Anyway it's 121 at WIOD and we'll be right back.
It's birthday WKNRKNR 13
Good morning Dick, bad boy Bush here.
Good morning Mr. President, how did your meeting with the Epistons go yesterday at the White House?
You know I thought you might ask me about that so I have it on tape.
Ah that's great I understand you even made a few jokes about the team.
Well those were just a few witty remarks I had left.
Oh you might even be able to hear some of my staff people faintly snickering in the background.
Well great we'll listen for that and let's hear the tape.
Alright I started.
They say basketball is like ballet.
Have you seen Bill Lambert and Rick Mahorn under the boards?
I would not like and swan lake to their bump and run basketball.
Can you hear the truckles on the background day?
Yeah I did hear just just barely but I did hear some laughter from among your staff.
You know then I told them the one about Bill Lambert doing a campaign speech for me
saying he would meet me in the White House when I was president and he was member of the NBA champion.
Yeah I do remember that at the time yeah.
Here's the joke on tape day.
Okay.
I'm sure you will be here Bill.
I'm just not sure about me.
Yeah.
Pretty funny.
That was a good one sir.
I heard your staff in the background again a little bit.
That's right.
You know I also did a couple of Chuck daily jokes.
You want to hear them?
Sure thing sir.
Go ahead start the tape.
I'm glad the pistons won the finals in the four game suite.
Just imagine Chuck daily's drag cleaning Bill over a seven game series.
Well your staff sure appreciate your sense of humor sir.
And you know the nice thing Dick and I think you can hear it since Seer laughter.
It is since Seer laughter.
And sincerity has been the key to this administration.
No no no it was supposed to be serious.
Well thanks for calling President Bush.
My pleasure Dick and I'm sure the Lions will be here after they win the Super�.
Goodbye sir.
You know one thing I must tell you that I've been I'm not envying the teachers in summer school.
I were teaching now the classes because you know I mainly a lot of the kids are mostly kids don't want to be there.
It is no big deal Mr. Patan.
I was in summer school in India.
You went to Indian summer school.
Ouch that is where I learned that.
This is where I learned English so well.
Well you do speak English well.
I know all of the English stuff real well.
You do you speak very good English.
Do you have any problems with any particular areas of English?
No not really I know all that synonyms and all that stuff.
Did you know antonms?
You know synonyms which are similar words about antonms which are like opposite words.
What do you mean?
Well like if I said over.
Oh I would I see under.
That's right it's always the opposite so over is under.
If I said easy would say right in out right up yours.
No no no no no you do.
That's a hominem.
That is a hominem.
We can do what we burn, we speak on the new Q92.
I do what you want.
Ok no.
No celebration would have been complete without that.
Hey man.
Well we've got enough balloon here.
We want to thank the balloons brothers and Dwayne Black, 64 South Federal Highway in Bokka.
And they just what is that?
A backscrew.
So a new flash for Blake Gary is we don't listen to the station for news.
Yeah well they don't understand that.
They do not understand that they're just not oriented into the personalities and they see all the balloons and all the.
I guess all the balloons in the Horseshoe and the flowers and all the food is for the news department right?
Exactly.
Not that they don't do a wonderful job when they're on time.
They don't agree to all of which is every time except when Elaine is on.
I call the time to speak to Elaine and all of them.
They're my idols.
Great.
So have a good day. Happy anniversary.
Thank you sir.
And take care.
And thanks for getting dick for us.
No problem.
141.
At W.I.O.D. we have an open line in date 7519463.
Here's a call from now.
Wait a minute.
Kelvin and Jim wanted to say something about the life cards, but they don't have a grab that mic there.
What do you want to do?
You want to say?
Oh, they don't want to say it.
They're working on it together.
And Ian's pretty jealous.
Thank you.
What do you it's great seeing you get a haircut?
Will you please?
People are starting to talk.
The war is over.
Get a haircut.
Anyway, Alex has been dying to hear this.
He's your Rogers.
Oh, he must be jealous.
He's jealous, innit?
I guess.
You know what they did today?
They said anybody here in Miami who's owed money by a Larry King turn your head lights on.
I'll play a lot of them.
I could just hold downtown with it going to the funeral.
I feel sorry for Neil.
Oh, yeah.
You know, if you knew the whole story, he said.
Hey.
He doesn't make a lot of money and he's been in that market a long time.
And he really would rather probably...
He'd rather ride on his horses.
So he gets kind of sad.
But he's been jealous the long time.
I haven't seen him in...
What is his 1990?
The last time I saw him was in 1970.
Seven.
A storm at the racetrack in 1977.
And then he called me the day that he admitted he was a homosexual.
On the air he called me to thank me because I had had Sergeant Maclubick on the air the night before and he had heard Sergeant Maclubick
who had since passed on with AIDS.
Encourage people who were homosexuals to come out of the closet and Neil had heard the show and came out of the closet the next day on his own radio show.
And they told me to thank me for having Maclubick on.
And it's the last time I've ever seen him or spoken to him.
And then I've heard some people like yourself saying he does this.
But I feel very sorry for people who are kind of caught in that local web of jealousy.
I'm kind of sad.
And I heard he weighed like 400 pounds but I haven't seen him.
You know, the last time I saw him I'd say weighed 350.
Yeah.
I heard your nose weighed about 450 Larry.
And the rest of you about a half a pound.
Anyway, it's 143 at W.I.
He's a big fan of mine.
If I were going to take a poll, who's a bigger fan?
Him or Dick Purtin or the Hurricanes?
Let's go to Pompato Beach.
Neil, it's Michael.
Michael Finkelson.
How you doing?
Yes, sir. We're doing great.
We were doing fairly well until about the last race like that.
When Kelly Shepherd came running back out of the elevator with a brainstorm about Luke pardon me for my horses, our cripple loyay.
Jumping gate.
Oh boy. That up in the air.
They're either jumping in the air or falling down.
Usually his horses and Kelly Shepherd is just he owes us now. I'll tell you Mike.
I had a one four one all.
Just killing us.
Well, Kevin did his best and here came that slime ball with the eight horse.
Well, why you have Gilbert there? How about bringing him to a track tonight?
We're looking forward to having a real good time tonight.
And that's why Gilbert is not coming with us.
Oh, okay.
Hey, don't go.
I felt bad.
We're leaving just Miss style.
I called him.
We're leaving Gilbert.
And what's the other our friend from the bizarre? What's his name?
Mitchell.
No, Mitchell.
We're leaving Mitchell and Gilbert.
They're going to have a little party at home.
Okay. What about Mr. Jane?
And then all the mysteries, Mr. ZG and J on Kevin.
Are you there?
Yeah, I'm there.
Okay.
A long shot to the track.
Yes, sir.
No more ABC.
Well, you understand it was poor.
That's why Troy Levy had a win at race last night.
We had the four or the one nine or whatever it is or the two nine.
And here comes the six out of the sky.
Troy Levy winning.
I think they fed that horse extra humontizing yesterday.
And that's what did it for him.
And then the hundred seventy all the horse.
That's it.
Well, listen, I guess that's Donald Brandard online looking for a few pointers.
So you better catch him.
Okay.
See it tonight, Mike.
Right.
One forty four.
At.
You know, aren't you guys a little bit old to be playing footsie under the table?
Are Ian and Kelvin?
They're added again.
Can't you control yourselves to at least two o'clock?
Are you that emotionally whipped up from the frenzy in here?
Look at them.
Just red is a beat that Kelvin is red is a beat and his face too.
Oh, now you know what told me to say hello to you?
Who's that?
Still the keeper of the key.
I can't see anything.
Wow.
What's that?
Okay, let's go to Boka.
Hello.
Have you had a restaurant?
Thank you, sir.
Can you play the...
Speak up.
Speak up.
Play the Greek guy.
The Greek guy?
Thrombetti Avola Bunky.
Oh, language lad.
Well, do sir.
But Bonnesty is language.
Well, that's a short one.
And we're the hell.
Look, Alex, if you just would just try to restrain yourself...
Now look at that.
How long do that take, Gilbert?
Huh?
Are you impressed?
And yeah.
Wow.
When you can impress Gilbert, you're doing it.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Listen one.
Strawberry pie.
Thrombetti pie.
Listen two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Bunky pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie, Thrombetti and Bunky.
Language lab is a public service.
I mean, not be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you.
Outstanding.
We have a sequel to that.
We have Iraqi language tape which is going to be coming up.
They did this in the desert with the surrendering troops.
And that's about basically all they had to say.
It's 146.
Now, I can't believe that Ian is sat in that chair of the entire time
and made Rose stand up.
You're one of those guys who would sit down on a bus or the subway while some nice lady was standing
and just say, Jim is nice enough to let Rose sit down.
This is Rose's lady.
Boy, you are brutal.
Well, that's true.
It's another girl.
In fact, I was thinking when Ian got up, there would be a guy getting up to little ladies sit down.
Then I forgot who I was dealing with.
Okay, it's 147.
I'm sorry.
Oh, no.
Yeah, Gilbert, I'm about to do the Fort Lauderdale's pop shop.
Have you ever been there?
Yeah, but don't forget my spot.
Have you?
You know the kelp ahead?
Okay.
Have you ever been at the Fort Lauderdale's Swamp Shop?
No, we're doing a remote there in April, by the way.
You're invited.
You can be on a stage.
We're going to do the thing in lieu of the circus that day so you can be like the bear that rides the motorcycle.
Oh, all right.
When that be great?
Yeah.
And we'll be offering free eggs in the stale tomato, stave everybody in a crowd.
The Fort Lauderdale Swamp Shop on sunrise between 9.95 in the turnpike is like just more fun than is legal to have in barrow top barrel among keys.
That's exactly right.
They have a daily circus for your charts.
Two shows Monday through Friday, four shows every Saturday and Sunday.
They have fantastic shops inside and outside with just unendable, unending, merchandise, new and used every kind under the sun.
And on the weekends, they generally have some phenomenal name entertainment.
Absolutely free.
For example, tomorrow and Sunday, the Charlie Daniels band.
That's a fantastic.
Yeah.
Gilbert says that's a maven.
Saturday, one in six p.m.
And two hour shows on Sunday at two and five p.m.
This weekend, absolutely free.
Charlie Daniels band catch him and catch.
Janie's a great bargain.
It's a lot of fun at the Fort Lauderdale Swamp Shop on sunrise between I 95 in the turnpike.
They're doing it everywhere they can.
151 at WIO, Dina, the lifeguards.
They've been working out a little solution here for the lifeguards.
And...
What beat is that?
What?
No, seriously.
They wanted to play something that would fit with lifeguards, so to speak.
And this is the only thing we could come up with.
Turned about.
That house, doubt.
Listen.
Shun's is all.
Hi.
Hello.
Water's warm, huh?
I'll say you come here often.
Pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No.
First time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
One ticket.
Please donate you.
Biggest name here.
You're here.
You're here.
You're here to get clean.
What?
Oh, I don't know.
You work around here.
I'm a waiter, but Ashley, I'm an actor, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I know.
What's the top is that you probably need to rely on.
Oh, I'll say.
But, you know, with everything that's in the news and all, it's to pay.
You can start relaxing right now, Freeway.
I brought something.
Ooh.
Uh, she, huh?
And Freeway.
Not just any she either.
Look.
Wow, Goldlame.
Pretty kicky condom, huh?
But here's the most important part, Freeway.
The Pro-Tech label.
Pro-Tech, huh?
I'm so in dorms.
By the City Council of San Francisco.
Absolutely.
You know the Pro-Tech slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
Certified safe by the city.
By the bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn.
Look at that.
I trust the soap again.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because Freeway and Spick had had condoms.
Since Goldlate worry spoiled those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry Pro-Tech.
P-R-O-T-E-P-T.
Keep my mind free as can be.
P-R-O-T-E-P-T.
Been down with no apology.
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The Pro-Tech's sheet.
So they won't send you a refund.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of his mom,
what ever happened we never thanked the lady who brought all
those giant breads in that Ian was doing an amazing number on.
Can I have that?
No, that's, is that who it is?
What was your name?
What was your name again?
Is anybody remember?
How soon I forget?
I'm sorry.
not rose. Now her name that's right it's another rose rose cats that's right
from Joseph's pastry shop Hungarian and French baking pioneer of French bread
and epi. 1098 Normandy Drive on Miami Beach and they brought over a huge
bag with all these French long no salt no sugar breads. Oh look at that boy he
and Zyzer lighting up like a pinball machine when he saw that baby pop out of
there look at that. Oh God almighty. That's from that new place on Normandy
drive the John Holmes bakery. Look at that. Okay it's a 157 and let's take a call
from sunrise. Yeah finally it got on. Yes sir this is it your moment in the
sunshine. All right I wanted to wish a happy anniversary meal. Thank you so much.
Doing a great job. Yep. And I want to say all the guys of first class your guys
a bunch of douchebag. Okay nice. I want to say Vicki I love you. Nice work pal.
All right. So yeah Cheryl is digging off a corner the size of the corner of
Mount Elliott and Rushmore. Look at that. Got her fingers done and her nails.
Oh boy. Now she's only working that head. Okay Miami.
No. Yes sir. Mary and I am right. What? Mary, right and myself.
Yes. You want to wish you a happy anniversary. Thank you. And to tell everybody that
nobody nobody in this whole world makes model takes like Millie. Right. Right baby.
You better. She's the greatest. She's the best cook this side of
Tel Aviv. Yes sir. The best. Thank you so. That was Larry King.
158 at WIOD Cheryl is that did we do it number today or what?
Two gigantic cakes. What's that? Do you see the big balloons?
And the beautiful roses and all kinds of stuff and balloons and we want to thank
everybody. We got to thank Carol from Mount Tevernetta with those beautiful cheese cakes
and that delicious chicken and everything else we thank brick oven pizza
Rhea Jeff from pizza loft with this Tuxedo. It just went crazy today. Wayne Arnold of course.
And Rose Katz and Mickey Katz and all the other cats and a Galbert of course for being
relatively unfairly good behavior day I would say. And if you continue this way on Wednesday
and keep a little bit on it we might invite you back someday unlikely but it's a possibility.
And of course Ian and Kelvin and Jim who came in here and did embarrassing things on the floor
as they're getting ready to go on protect the public on the beach. Alex Jr who is continuing as we
speak to be oblivious and just continuing to shovel shovel stuff down his face. I have never seen
anything. And of course Joey who came out here and rode my car around the block to drive tested
for us several times and make up a good story. Thank you very much. It's been a real tweet as they
say and what on this many many many many more happy returns and thanks of course to our wonderful
management that you again a horseshoe and that little finger on the bottom there that says your
number one happy 15th and the flowers and the balloons and man this is more fun than a barrel of
dog stuff. Anyway have a great weekend we'll see you tonight hopefully at Poppano Park for
Christmas list and we're going to get all the alluzers from Dominic and Kelly and see what we can
cross off your program to give you a little assistance. Rick and Sputtle be along next and guess
what we're leaving you guys a big fat mess okay yeah we're leaving you a gigantic mess Jim and Joe
from Dural on sports talk and they Hank Goldberg tonight a part on tape with Jim Palmer part
live with Len Shapiro the sports editor of the Washington Post and a whole bunch of other
Hazarai have a wonderful weekend we'll see you Monday morning at 10 here on 610 W.I. O.D.
Hello again everyone from the Channel 7 News Center I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second
goal for update we have some new reports it just came in there hard to explain so let's move
to the Middle East War map Rick's world if you will and I'll try to explain
party on everyone I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally Fitts
party on cell party on Rick called San Pedro lately uh not since I've been back from Houston
people in the business remember but fortunately for me the public has a short memory say what about
that guy you flattened is he still in a coma I yeah still in a coma I'm so glad you brought that
up Sal not anyway who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank but those
awesome Patriot dudes intercepted as you know the insane who's saying gosh can I turn an original
phrase or what yes poison gas but as I squat over Baghdad gas master I'll give them a gas of my
own hot air out of both ends who's saying today said yeah look at the man I know the secret weapon
the Americans have the 40 foot colossal news anchor with a chopped lips squatting over my country
with a smelly gas my troops are all fleeing but for me I ran but I couldn't hide well that's all
the time we have for today party on cell party on Rick I'll sit in squats so you worry not
Rick over our rack for channel seven news
