I mean look why does just come right out and say it and that everything is a bunch of crap
And at Miami is Lily White and clean they played a great-to-clean game and we ought to be proud
No, I didn't say that well, then what are you saying?
I mean it sounds to me like you want to you want to turn around everything in the world just to satisfy the way you view it
No, I like to see some these replays that you know that most just like last night on the clip of the rocket
Why they had that everywhere tangled but sideways? Yeah, and these other
Well, I already told you they did a crappy job of televising the game and the lack of replays was part of it
But there were some of the things that were so flagrant
I mean apparently there were two and a half minutes to go. Did you see that?
No, I didn't you didn't see that or I wish you would have seen that that was that was
Emversing I mean the score is 46 to three the quarterback is sack for about the 400th time in a game
And he just he just reaches down he's standing over he just reaches down grabs him and twists his head and a flag comes flying in immediately
I mean it was just
There's no really is it was just totally pointless. It's like kicking somebody in the face which we're also famous for but that's an
Other story. I agree there's no there's no need for 30 like you can play tough, but you don't have to play 30
Okay, I'll tell Dennis you said so and
And let me and you said about Don Chula
Well, you got Lewis Oliver back there who has stood over a couple people this year and gloated over his
His anix and Mr. Pruitt when they were losing their ass in Washington doing his gyration
So you know, go chew like I'll out respect for but you say he wouldn't stand for well, they're still playing
Well the only reason Pruitt's plan and what has been planned is because of injuries
He's played a lot wouldn't Clayton was now like the bottom line is he may put up with a little
I'm not saying that the dolphins never do anything to be inverse
It's a try to compare to try to draw parallel between their
The way they comport themselves on the field and the the hurricane
I mean, you know that's there's no comparison and he wouldn't tolerate that I'm telling it
And neither would and neither would most other coaches at any level college or profession
I don't think down a direction
I never I never met the guy. I don't know if he's a bad person or a good person
But the fact is no matter what he what baggage he brought to Miami the fact is that here at the end of by the end of this season
He is absolutely positively at the end of the second season here
He is part of this thing part of this whole mentality, okay?
They've won him over he encouraged it. He's a part of it and for better or worse. That's what you got
That's what about it the bottom line is they want him to win
You know, and that's where that's where it all comes now like I said Colorado one last night
I didn't seem to win any of that they'd be the pretty dang good team no and one other thing Louisville
You they had half the number of penalties of and they already
Yeah, and they had a hundred and ten penalties
So they weren't playing exactly
Yeah, but their penalties weren't personal files they had clipping penalties
They had holding penalties you know hey listen
You can have a lot of penalties in again that are stupid penalties you see a lot of holding and a lot of
Clipping penalties, but when you've got eight personal files in a non-sportsman like conduct something's raw something is out of control somewhere
I mean they listed what they were and it was two they had to be two-faced mask a shoving and then they start what they called
excessive
Celebration that's what they do the other 15 that got thrown into the thing is if they were
face man and
That's list there they they still they're right out in the air all I mean that's not the only thing that you write
And there's like a say I think there was two penalty two two clippy. Oh, the two
Okay, I'll re-assess my whole what I saw yesterday
They've done no you're out. I just like to know what the heck on I would have liked to see the one the first one because I think that's
That's the tone. I don't see how damn bad it was
It was bad. Okay, but no matter what I said here you got it. You got it all sorted out. I don't know
Have a great thing 1214. I mean I could spend another 10 minutes with the guy
I you know most of the people have called have disagreed to some degree out which is fine
But I'm not I'm just not gonna sit here having him just the rationalize away everything because basically he saw and heard
What he wanted to see in here, and that's that's fine. Okay, because most everybody else in this town did also
Let's go to North Miami Beach. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, yeah
You've in other words you you don't think the penalties with severe enough is that it?
What I say they were penalized for the misbehavior. Yeah, and they deserve it
Yeah, I'm not talking about how many yards they should have had in penalties
I'm talking about their behavior. That's what I'm talking about. No, I know
But what did you want? Did you want did you want a double foul on every plate? You want 30 yards and penalties on every play?
I should make it a rule more severe. No, maybe the coaches should get control of the team
That's the points are okay. I don't know if I have to draw you a diagram what I'm trying to say
Yeah, let's have let's start having some 40 yard penalty the fact is it didn't make any difference how many yards
They had in penalties because they were so superior and that was shown at the beginning of the game when you got a first in 40
They had a third and 18 the pass was incomplete, but Texas was offside on that plate
Okay, then they come back at third and 13 erison completes a beautiful pass first down and when you've got first in 40 and you can make the first down
Does that tell you how much better you are in the other team?
Does that set the tone for what's going to happen the rest of the day and it did?
It's not a question now how many yards you want the team to be penalized
It's a question of whether you want a team that is representing the major university in this community and your town
To act like a bunch of thugs
And it's been going on now for three or four years and a community obviously loves it
They eat it up and the media love it in this town the rest of the media are appalled by it
But in this town they love it because they certainly cover up for it
And defend it and believe me you'll hear lots of that tonight on this station at 605 I you can bet your life on it
And that's the name of the game that's the real world
According to us
Twenty afternoon well, I thought there was more what can I say?
Nobody called in with a guy's name from Channel 7 at Paul. That was wearing that
Pup 10 for a sport jacket that that was the most bizarre
What
Well, I wasn't right the guy's name was Paul something or somebody on one has got it. Hello
Hello, no, I thought it was say hi. Love is with not no guys name is pop never seen before
Well, you know, not that you mentioned I wouldn't know his last name anyway
Well, I call actually because of that idiot that was a court on ESPN
Did you see in the interviews Chris George after the game the guys and tears of this is last game?
You know any comes up and go, oh, how you doing?
The guy's trying to be nice on saying sir and the guy so I want you played a great game
And fight of the fact that you lost and you're gonna do great in the pros and you're gonna be a big pick
And you just
Hounded him and the guys and tears got his face in his hands and that's television sir
TV just get up and level him and just walk away exactly would have been great. Well, it was better than more downy
And before that he was
They interviewed emotion Simpson interviewed him. They went into his
It was
That must have been great that must have been a very insightful interview
Yeah, he was insurance the room was the mess. There was three guys in a room and
He's laying on his bed and then and then Simpson after while you know this and he and he says oh, look
Yeah, I'm shaking and you know, they all got a good laugh
But he was shaking in the end because he had a face in his hands and that idiot Corso wouldn't leave him alone. Yeah
I'd say take dick by tell Jim Valvano and Corso stick him in the desert and give him a map to bag that
Have a great day. All right
1222 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date county pretty sports intensive here on your sports
Narotic doesn't I may I'm gonna say your sports Narotic station, but that's like such an understatement
It doesn't even come close. I mean somebody will have to find a word obsessive is not enough
We need a battery of psychiatrist to be able to
examine and
Unfold the the sports obsession that this entire it's like we're seriously the sports mafia
Controlls this entire operation here in spite of anything else
The sports is where it's at believe me if they have to pay 80 million dollars for the rights to the dolphin games next season
And everybody else has to go to the Camilla sauce for lunch every day believe me. That's that's just the way it is
I'm trying to open this thing up. Oh, she's
Like I said the sports mafia at W.I.O.D.
Oh
Joe how you doing get a haircut Joe come on people are making jokes
Sunny
Jeff a Jeff great job Jim come on Jim get the towel out your soaking wet
And anybody who would tell you this is a terrible movie don't go and see it is obviously well
You know when you got several degrees in film I guess you know what you're talking about
Because I much rather see pumpkin head or a talk radio that was
Wow Steve you're right on top of it and if you ever get on
Let's go to a four-letter day. Hello. Yes, sir
Hi, I think that uh, I don't want to bring up the Miami thing. I think you've said it over and over
Well, what what more is there to say you know the people have already made up their mind who are gonna cover it up
I know the rest of us you know, what is there to say? Yeah, I own objectives of the over
I'm a North Carolina state person. I heard you mentioned Valvano. Yeah
Isn't that amazing ABC does this big expose they uncover this gigantic scandal the heat is on
I have to buy out his contract
And they hire him to beat the sports analyst to do NCAA basketball
Wow
That's out now. Maybe they maybe they can have him check and to make sure if there's any point shape and go on to the game
What a thing is the university did clean tacked up and they've gotten a good person in there to try to string it up
Right
But uh getting back to Miami thing. I don't know if you saw there's a six has a sports cast they call John Dutzman
John Dutzman
And he's at the Arsvolme and he started screaming. I don't care what the CBS people say and Miami's the best sports town in the country because we have that hockey thing
Yeah, we got the hockey thing all right. It's right up in his gut somewhere if they open up his stomach the puckle fallout
Is he what is he talking about
Yeah, well, but we got the thing you didn't say we have the team we got the thing
So I was wondering if you out in the sea him he was live Shemuka went to him live before the Notre Dame game. Oh, man
He was at the orange ball. It was just a joke and then this great sports time came stuff out there
Yeah, this is that I'd say this is the greatest sports town in America
We got a team that went 12 and four one of the best teams in the whole league and
We're gonna play Kansas City on Saturday. We've had several days to go people are by tickets and bingo
You know, they know change is gonna be a son none zero. I know it's a somewhere you will about just wonder if you have to see Dutzman say that
Well, I'll be sure and miss him next time. I think he was hi. I think a my screen Dave game was blocking him out
Have a great day. Thanks. Why okay?
Yes, he did know Dave game is great like when you have civil disturbances like when we had the what they called riots in
winwood two weeks ago and
Channel six because they don't want to get people hysterically they had their man in the street
But Dave game was staying there blocking everybody's view and that way nobody could get over emotional and the things calm down in no time
I like that
A hamburger can just sell are not too happy because he keeps coming in standing in front of the camera in front of the set in the middle of these six o'clock news
They're getting pretty piot about
Homestead
Is homestead gone? Yes, I'm here. Okay. Hi. First of all, I like to tell you I recently moved here from Los Angeles
Well, welcome to a real neurotic place. Well, you don't know how much you light up my life every day. I miss people like you
You know you guys really tell it like it is well you guys
Well everybody yeah, Jeff the forest Joe Zagaki. We tell a like it is. Yeah
You well at least you kind of try to show these people here that they somewhere out there
There's some class that there's a better way of doing things, but you know something maybe maybe it's good that the hurricanes are like that
Because they represent the community and I think they reflect this is a community with no class
So why should they have it? Well, let me tell you what happened to me
Remember a couple of months ago when the guys were doing that dance in national TV
You know the hurricane the labata well
Yeah, whatever they call it anyway, I um, I have a 16 year old that's a hurricane fan and I try to show
You know what sportsmanship should be like and of course they're not it, but I call the PR
Office of the hurricane, right? And in essence, they told me that if I didn't want my child to see that
Then I didn't need to have him sitting down looking at the game right like the guy said before if you don't like it turn it off
Yeah, so it was really it was really embarrassing and the woman was so rude and she's really I said
Well, I like to talk to mr. Erickson. She says well, he's really not interested in this man because you're asking the players to be penalized and
They don't deserve to be penalized. This was an emotional thing and you know just like
Cubans can be emotional so can our football players be a way to wait and wait and she said that yeah
Yeah, he was really he was really funny and you know
I'm a cuban and I started to say look I'm gonna get in my car. I'm gonna come down there and hurt you
Right feet the crap out here right prove that you are emotional exactly. Yeah, and it was really embarrassing and I was like if I didn't have a job and I if I wasn't my
You know head of my house for I go down there and and
Tell her you know a thing or two. Yeah, tell her to stick it right where the moon don't shine
Right, but she was like hey, you know, they have a right to do whatever they want. You know, they're excited. They're on TV
Yeah, and if the Miami team is so excited about being on TV then hey, you know
They be bad man. That's what it's all about. We be bad, okay?
And if anybody don't like it too bad, we'll be bad
Maybe they need to stop criticizing Buffalo, you know, at least Buffalo sells out their team. Yeah, you know, it's it
I'm so glad you mentioned that because boy after we came back from getting our asses kicked in Buffalo
Unfortunately, I heard endless and I ended with just a little bit
I mean on and on about the rowdy Buffalo fans and how they were throwing rocks and crap at the bus and right from the time the dolphins got
They're in a press and everybody from Miami that we're just abusing and the carrying on it and you know, I that's legitimate
But you know if we heard that much about that
I'm gonna be real interested these next couple of days how much I hear from these same sports reporters about the barbaric behavior yesterday in Dallas
Well, did you see the letter in the Miami Herald from the Mayor of Buffalo? No, and it's natural
Said was that you know, he who laughs laughs has the best laugh. So I guess you say hey
We win the championship who cares what we did to you. Well, that's a bunch of crap too. Yeah, let him freezes ass off up there in the lack of honor
Well, he was down here on vacation. Oh, we'll send it back there. Okay. We don't need him here
We got enough we got enough trouble makers here already. Yeah, but I know the L.S. who's there with you is
I can't believe the professional visual these
dirt news
Castors here and the guy you were talking about is Paul Zback. Is that his name? Yeah, did you see him? Yeah, I see him all the time
What is the story he looks like a comedy routine from Saturday night live or something? What is that all about?
It looked like we do Sarduchi on a bad day without the mustache
One night they had a man and he had
He was at his daughter's ballet excited and he was doing the sports from this and I couldn't believe that
You know, I said he's a guy. How did this man get it?
And it doesn't say much for you know for tell seven
Well, I'd speak for itself. Well, you know
But anyway, thanks a lot for making my mornings. Okay. Well, listen just get a grip on life
Because if you're here for the long term, it's gonna get a lot worse
I'll probably after my son goes to college. I'm out of here. Okay. Good luck. Good luck to you too. See you
Okay, now the rumor is he was singing that to the pedestrian after the Eagle game
But that's just a rumor we still have no further information on that Sanchez hasn't shown the hidener Harry hasn't shown
Is ugly face in here since the reports which probably of course are just a lot of propaganda started by the people of Channel 10
Maybe it was Anne who had a pedestrian with a truck is that possible for that big diesel truck in Channel 10 man
Platinum out they look like an aunt on a bad day
Can you imagine if Dave game steps on ants in his backyard? Who?
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction and while others find it funny
To those who have it it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible
I'll be on a date or a business meeting and
Excuse me. See what happened frequent burping syndrome. It's in a room in your life
But it doesn't have to now there's a clinic that can help
Trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers a special place known as
Burp hinders gosh
Burp hinders saved my life. The joy in it. I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me
But I just knew that when the moment of precaine I'd let out with a big ripper, you know
Burp hinders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches
No more stopping in mid-sittance to one cork a big cheesy blaster
Just caring professionals and to help you need don't wait here's the number to call
Burp hinders call today and stop being so gross. Okay 1235 at WIBC such as in the building already look at that
And he's got his time jicke blow up doll
With a dark board right over his butt. Look at that. Oh good shot
He just warming up for later on
Now I'll repeat what I said before in case anybody missed it in yesterday morning's paper jicke had his predictions for 91
And he showed he where he's coming from. I mean he just has it in for Rick Riley to such an extent that and poor
Susice of course gets sucked in along with all the negatives because he just there for the ride
Uh, well no, he doesn't hate you. He just hates Rick and you just take all the fallout because of your partner's adooshback
But the bottom line is jicke has no credibility where Rick and so there anything that goes on in afternoon programming is credibility is gone
Because he's got a personal vendetta. He's also personal friends with Hank for years has been racetrack buddies
And so the piece he wrote about you know Hank will be on in afternoons and WIWD wiles up and have this great back to back up
It's so garbage Tom and you just you're destroying your credibility you're hurting yourself Tom
What are we gonna do with this Tom?
Who used to be okay?
Now he's getting a little fresh
Look down we're gonna do with a guy like that anyway
Maybe we'll uh, let him be a guest with mom Kent
That'll straighten his ass out
Okay
Okay, all you pseudo intellectuals who want oh by the way we got cost for it coming on Monday
Wow all these pseudo intellectuals in South Florida be gathered by your radio from 10 to 2 on Monday
Bill Cosworth the foreign film maven mr
pseudo intellectual again got father three two and a half paltry stars will be our guest to probably talk about the great movies like um
Uh, well, I don't know the names of them because they all have foreign titles
1237 Lakeworth
Hello, Neil. How are you feeling? Okay, so far right up till this moment. I've got a few few questions to ask you
Okay, I'm gonna wait. I'm a regular listener as the same to the axe murderer acts away five days a week
And yesterday show you were tremendous
Yeah, because I wasn't here. Yeah
But the crescendo was the moment you were talking about
What do you mean what are you talking about yesterday show I wasn't here yesterday uh two days ago. Oh
obscure cops and you mentioned Tommy Nepotism. I've never heard him, but I'm sure he was a good player
Do you remember him?
Tommy Nepotism
What is this man talking about? Well, the changes subject are you on the mushrooms again today?
No, I agree with you about the uh, Howard canes disgraceful disgusting. Yeah, kind of like Evon Lendel
Celebrating with that piss pump. Uh-huh. I like a John McEnroe
He's a back to hurricane
The John McEnroe of college
Exactly, but I get one other I always a lot of fun in the airport. I will say that briefly in closing. Yeah
Saturday I had a radio uh suicide almost. I called a
A guy who called me a dummy and hung up on me and get all the stericles on Saturday on Saturday
I live in Palm Beach County. This is a clue from 10 to 2 couldn't have been on wj. No
It must have been it could have been it was who is that
Alan Burke and he ripped oh, yeah, the Dean. I just said hello to him. It was open phone. Yeah
Talking about other radio people and I said hello. He was talking about other radio people
I thought the dean didn't do that. I messed up back to you. Tommy
He did get to call me dummy at the yet. Wow, but he talked about um
Other stations, but he doesn't really know what they're doing. Danny proceed to tell what they're doing
He's a very pompous
So I want to ask popus ass, but a nice guy off the air. He really really
He said he doesn't know who real Neil Rogers is
He's never seen him and I've been to your remote. I was just gonna simply ask him what he thought of Neil show
Um and compliment him and say I heard of you from Neil. I just can I before you get excited
Can I tell you something? Yes
Alan happens to be and I don't say this about too many people in the business because most of them are assholes
Alan happens to be off the air a very nice guy when I had my stroke several months ago
He called me at home to see how I was feeling at some very nice things to say on a couple of occasions when the ratings have come out
He's called and left the message to congratulate me. So in spite of all they stick on the air. He's a pretty good guy
Now Neil one thing you said when I get off the air on the radio
The bed for 20 years, but he's a good guy. What that man said about Neil Rogers meaning me saying I like him could have him
It's enough to have him committed and he said don't ever call my show again
Yeah, and uh, I thought he was a pretty nice guy. I'm not from New York. I never saw his TV show
So I'm already well, you had to be there uh, you had to be there in a very specific week because it wasn't on that long
Well, it makes it sound he sounds like he is amazing on uh, all events. What's the fuck say you?
It's closing one more question. Please
And call the other horses running that day do we get to watch a race? Of course they're running at the
We're gonna go out on a Monday when there's no racing. They're racing at the
Crab is just there for you. I've been to your remote well bring a lot of cash. Okay. Can't go give you some big
Bring a lot of cash hang her. Give you some big winners. Neil. Thank you. I'll see you there. Okay
We're holding our own
1240 at W.I.O.D. We have an open-line and beautiful Palm Beach County home of the Dean
home of Lee Fowler
Hi, V
So this call is on a boat
Now you know what that reminds me yesterday last night after the game the cotton ball
And I'm listening to this
builds that's coming out of 610 on my dial and Jeff the forest is presiding over this
Massive cover up and it was a call from a guy. I think it was on a boat
Was it on a boat? It was um
Anyway, he said that he and a bunch of his piles have called up CBS and they got through to the truck at the half-time of the telecast
And they threatened they were gonna make this guy an offer. He couldn't refuse
Francesca or whatever his name is never gonna come up there
And they were just apoplectic and the whole time was ready to riot because of his
outrageous comments etc
ridiculous
card sound
Hello, yeah, yeah, card sound yes sir I was in card sound 45 minutes ago when I got on okay? I hold a record for
Starlight not even close not even close
On Tuesdays one what is excessive celebration?
What is that?
Emily
That's for carrying on like some kind of a nutkins
It's very subjective. I don't care about any of that like I said
I don't like any of that for many teams so as far as yesterday's game
I think the celebrations are childish
Yeah, but I mean don't you think it's to push yourself to that point?
Yes, they're calling it
Yes, I do I think the whole the whole that whole topic is
You've got a great show today. I got one point. I one thing a couple of colors back
Five colors back you had a guy that was talking about the
One and I think it's the same one you mentioned about the guy with a coat that did
Code yeah channel 70 out okay, they got with a trench coat that we've got to be a support channel six
I'm sorry. It's my channel six okay the guy that he was talking about that we're saying and I don't want to hear about it
We've got a hockey team and we've got this and we've got that guy. Yeah, right then the douchebag
At the end of that and he said and I am sick and tired of hearing about all of the crime in Miami
And all of the bad things about Miami
You remember saying that I didn't see it okay
Well, it's a very big game when he first got on the guy's going and whoever you're John and John John
No, no, there's a police fire in behind me
Well, he evidently wasn't getting ready to watch his own newslight because the news the news on channel six was so more of it
depressing they started out with the first homicide of the year and then they went to a child molestation case
And then another murder somewhere. I mean, it's just the first the first six stories. We're not to make you a bar
Yeah, it's our hometown. Yes, sir
Show Neil good luck to you. Have a great. Okay
Well, I don't have the trumpet out, but we'll put through on cold
Okay, because he's been laid out cold a few times in his life no doubt
And many times happy new year pound and the same to you sir finally got a chance to see God's brother
And and I liked it. It was very good. Wow
No, but pretty good enjoyable
But you don't have a degree in films. So what the hell do you know? I thought so
about the uh
The money with the bank and all that stuff. I don't think they explained it well enough for me really
I just can go stand there. You gotta go see it again
You gotta go see it again
We'll leave it the second time as a charm with that movie the first time
I think you're all wrapped up in trying to connect it to the first two films and then the second time you go see it like
In it of itself
Well, I'll do it again. I you know, I just thought the kind of movie I wouldn't want to see and then the second time you're over the shock of seeing
Sophia and you just kind of forget about that
I saw a Tommy shoes named after Sophia Loren
Wow, maybe from the neck down
Ha ha ha
Anyway, our Miami native and Andy Garcia did himself proud. He was tremendous. His performance was outstanding
I think he's gonna get a supporting a best supporting actor Academy Award and
I think the movie's been yeah, Michael Diozian
Does he die? I mean when he falls off. Of course. Oh, you gotta go back and see this again. Yeah
I thought so, but you know, I just wasn't sure I thought maybe just had another stroke
Oh, boy, I'll tell you you are well. There's hope for all of us as Phyllis calling it
In fact, no as a matter of fact if you had listened very closely, but at the end
He brought back his famous line from dog day afternoon as he was falling off the chair. You didn't hear it?
I'm dying on the hands. Yeah right at the end and the dog looked and said yeah, it looks like it to me
And the dog that's when the little dog walked over
When I was trying to get that orange that was on the ground. He said I think Marlon Brando once had it in his teeth
Okay, well, I know you're setting me up for the bad news I never set you up for the bad news. There's never bad news with your nil
Yeah, I got the I've got the replay of the call
Talk about dying over here. That's what most of my horses have been doing them as stretch lately a colder
But we'll see what happens today. Okay, here we go. Like the bell
What when your neurotic that's the way it goes neurotic repetition
Oh excuse me. We're just talking about management here at W. I. O. D. with suds. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Hey, you butt out of this pal
Okay, get back in there and do something useful.
I can't think of what it might be.
He's all right. He's a good guy.
When he's out of town, which is most of the time,
he's here today so you better watch it.
Disney's here and he's probably on the phone with Dennis Erickson right now saying,
Pay no attention. He must have had some bad grits over the holiday.
Dennis, we love you.
Oh, we love you, Hurricane.
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
Probably getting a razor from Victor Kaye and to slit my wrist.
You can't slit your wrist with that kind of a razor mic.
I'm sorry.
And look at this eight minutes to one and Mr. Riley is walking in.
Wow.
Now you guys showing up at Calder Friday.
You are?
I don't see him nodding.
Is that Rick Riley showing up?
Sutsu, of course, is now you better be at the game this Saturday,
by the way, both of you at the Playoff game or I'm going to be really pissed.
He's not going.
What's he going to do?
Three men and a baby again.
Is that what it is?
So it turned out to be a holy choke then at cigar when I said that.
So the good news is for said the good news and bad news is wife's test turned out to be negative.
Remember that lady friend he had in Miami a few couple of months ago?
Remember her test turned out to be positive and it's twins.
Two men and a baby and a girlfriend and a partridge and a pair of three.
And the audience is saying, geez, we didn't know he had it in him.
Well, neither did he.
That's the problem.
But anyway, they're going to come out there.
Drag his ass out.
How we doing?
I saw Phil before he was congratulating me about my comments about the hurricanes and seconding
the emotion.
I forgot to ask him about our parking passes for the game because I'm going to get tickets on a 50 again
from Fat Rich for the Playoff game and also hopefully be up there in the box to see all of our good friends and others.
But I've got to get that parking pass.
I mean, that's the thing about Joe Robbie Steve.
If you've got yourself a good parking pass, it's a piece of cake.
No problem.
Get off that turn, Puckessi.
You go right in there and after that, if you've got a good parking to pat your in heaven, you don't screw you.
Dear Field.
Hello Neil.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay for an old guy.
I am an old.
Well, I guess what?
I have got a top 10 list for you.
Oh, boy.
That sounds original.
That's almost as original as the Battle of the Talk host and begging for food eating on the air.
Wait, you'll like this one.
Okay.
Top 10 courses for athletes at Miami University.
Oh, yeah.
Are you ready?
You ready, Neil?
I'm ready.
Okay.
Number 10.
Subtraction, additions, tricky pal.
Number 9.
Dear Number 1.
Yeah.
Number 9.
The first 30 pages of a tale of two cities.
I'm dying on the air.
Foundation of a class of a classic.
Number 8.
Sandwich making.
The final project required.
Number 7.
Number 7.
Alumni owner hotels, restaurants and car dealerships.
Oh!
The interlocking economy.
Number 6.
Put your own shower joking here.
Number 5.
The Denny's Menu.
Recent discoveries.
Number 4.
Number 4.
The Bunny and the Wolf.
Oh!
Shadow Workshop.
Number 3.
Winky Drawing.
Number 2.
From first love to looker.
The film in Sandwich, Susan Day appears naked.
And number 1.
Number 1.
Yeah.
A poetry of Hank Goldberg.
Wow.
Ha ha ha.
Heavy as they say in my backyard.
Heavy duty.
Heavy.
We're number 1.
Well, hey, I got a WFKL's fire report.
Okay, we can handle it.
I heard this on Steve's show the other day.
Who?
Steve.
Oh, the guy with the 18 master's degrees in film?
Yes.
He said that he's going to have a guy on the weekend.
His name is Philip Benfield.
He's plus to not make green from Saturday morning.
Oh, yeah.
Make a go over there and slap him around with their purse.
Believe me.
Well, he said that this guy's from Los Angeles.
And I'm garbage.
Yeah.
He's been to getting 10 shares and all that.
Heavy duty.
Ha ha ha.
Too bad nobody will be able to hear him.
Ha ha ha.
I have to get you a little.
And what about Shirley?
What is her name now?
Shirley is a gold finger.
What is her new name?
Madam Gypsy Rose.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Oh, she's Shirley.
I love you.
You're a wonderful person.
But on the air.
Forget it.
Okay, Shirley.
You and oh, God.
I don't even want to say it.
Have a great life.
You too.
I mean, Steve, like I said, I give you all a credit in the world.
A guy who's a great BS artist, a great salesman.
He's been able to take a station.
It was like off the air and make something happen over there.
But let's face it.
It was like trying to resurrect W. Death.
We have an open line on the star line.
Star.
I.
O.
D.
Carol City.
Oh, I just knocked my cigar all over the place.
Carol City.
Hello.
You're gone?
Okay, I can't talk to Carol today, I guess.
Open line and day.
7519-463-751-WI.
D.
Hollywood.
Ticking.
What the hell happened?
All of a sudden, we were kicking ass here.
We were on a roll.
I think the cans are great.
So, you know, that's the funny part about people.
If I'd come on this morning and I'd say, hey, screw a CBS and
scrawling all these belly aches.
We're great.
I'd have had four hours of people kissing ass.
Like Jeff DeForest did last night on the sports.
Jeff, you should be ashamed of yourself, okay?
But Zagaki's got his picture up on the sports office door there.
He's got the man of the year.
Jeff DeForest.
Shill of the year.
What game were these people at CBS watching?
They were, well, there was nothing flavor.
What were they watching?
I haven't heard so much whining since I heard Alisson yesterday.
Talk about whining.
Whining, whining, whining.
Oh, Tom Jikker, Tom Jikker.
Man.
And then to talk about how Rick Riley winds about it.
And then they are, I remember they play that stupid J.
America thing about, won't you write about me, Mr.
Rajik and all that crap.
And here Alisson is going through this thing about, well, Jikker's always had this love affair with Nio.
And he only writes about Nio.
And actually Steve put him in this place, which I was shocked.
Because Steve likes the fact he writes about him, see?
So, that's okay.
Although, I noticed he didn't mention Mr. Riley in his column yesterday, Jikker.
And he still hates him like Poison.
That's what the Rick just said.
He said he can never mention my name again.
I still hate him like death.
But he did say I hope that if he has some horrible accident, he doesn't suffer a lot of pain.
Hollywood.
Hello, Nio.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
But soon.
Yes.
Oh, not a whole lot.
I don't want you to get ripped for doing four hours again on the hurricane.
Let's go back to Godfather 3.
I just got my degree in analyzing the films.
And I thought it was bigger than both of us as they used to say in those John Holmes movies.
You're going to get ripped again.
I just wanted to touch on a couple of points about the game.
I agree with some of the things you say.
I'm a hurricane fan.
I've been going to the games since 65.
I agree with a lot of the things you say.
But there's a few things.
You would agree with me that if Craig Ericsson didn't have all those hits, he'd be pretty good looking.
Yeah.
But he has a good quarterback.
No, he's not good.
He's outstanding.
Yesterday, setting aside all the other stuff.
Because I've never thought he was that great.
I thought he was okay.
He is good.
He is really good.
He's really come on the last half of the season.
Now listen, you're going to hold on, right?
Me?
Yeah, because I got to the news now.
Oh, okay.
And I usually don't hold people over.
But you haven't even said hello yet.
And then you'd accuse me of cutting you short.
And I think that already happened.
Hold on a second, okay?
Okay.
We'll get to one in Hollywood as soon as we can all let me forget that.
Because I don't like letting these guys go to waste.
And that's what Elena always says.
She said she didn't let letting any guys go to waste.
Elena, come on.
Are you really that desperate?
In fact, she was hanging out with Santa Claus after Christmas Day was in Beracinth.
Or some guy with a beard.
And finally, time on New Year's.
Now, you realize we're going to count that time.
We're tacking that on at the end of the newscast, okay?
So the ticker may start early.
Rickon said it to the sports talk at 605.
Hank Goldberg, 8-11 tonight.
Hurry it up, Elena.
106 at WIOD.
And what are we doing?
We're doing our big one in two hour here.
Mr. Riley.
Well, I hate that when he starts with that Mr. Riley and Mr. Bennett.
Oh, God.
Steve, butcher.
Now, you were about to say, hey, happy New Year.
Hey, listen to that.
He's got that Tom Jickelook today.
Cut all his hair off.
I'm sorry.
Who, me?
Just a joke.
No.
So how you in Tom Gantelong just came in and say, go canes.
You see, make sure like Jickel is standing in front of you when you do it.
By the way, what's his name?
Old Chuck Meyer.
We were just talking about this out in the hallway.
And he can cruise wholeheartedly.
Yeah.
He said that Dennis Erickson is an unmitigated douchebag.
They got it.
They got a paraphrasing.
They like it that way.
Well, I don't.
I know.
I think there's no place for it.
See, I didn't, I don't watch 46-3 games.
I just can't handle it.
I just die like have a life.
Well, I was, you know, I watched most of it.
I was flipping around.
They had a special thing on the making of Godfather.
We're getting on E on that network entertainment network.
Yeah.
Which was, you know, I've seen that all.
But I watched a little bit to that and I kept turning back.
Because there's nothing else.
But you have, if you change the channel, there's another football game on, you know.
First of all, your sports are hauling.
I'm not, but college football.
Yeah, but you know what?
Some of the Michigan State USC game.
I'm glad we won.
But it's, you know, I'm not that much into it.
But it was just the idea of this was more than just a football game.
It was like a commentary.
It was like a social happening.
It was like more aberrant behavior coming out of Miami.
And I threw, did you see the Sunsend?
You see the sports section?
All these clips from articles, from papers in Dallas.
I am rid of the whole thing.
I'm rid of you.
But I mean, they got clips from all these papers all over the country.
And I'm sure there are tons more.
And they all just ripped the crap out of the team and of this community.
But they need to talk to the, you talk to the team and they say, hey, we're happy.
We're, we're, we're, we're, you know, always.
They've been, that's the way they've been moved.
That's the last year of that.
We're the last year of the, yeah, the things.
The, the thing, the, yeah.
And probably of the winning too, because all the seniors are graduating.
Now, the one game I did, you know, all of the ball games were just blowouts.
We're just terrible.
Well, except the two we had here in Miami.
The blockbuster Bowl the other night was a great game.
Yeah.
And the orange bowl.
That was a great game.
What about Washington, Iowa?
The reason 34.
Roll ball.
It was, they accept.
I didn't watch except it wasn't like a seesaw thing.
It was like they were always out front.
Well, no, you're right.
The blockbuster Bowl was a great game.
And the last night, I mean, just, I don't even want to, I can't bring myself to talk about it
because I'm so emotional thinking that they were going to blow it again.
I mean, Notre Dame has pulled so many out of their butt at the end of the game.
That was just, they are the most, they are the most dangerous in the last 90 seconds of the game
when they're behind.
That's when Notre Dame is the most dangerous.
That's right.
And they did everything.
Colorado did everything they shouldn't have done.
But it was an exciting game.
Why did he put the ball out of bounds?
I mean, everybody, everybody in that stadium, everybody watching, even Bill Wall, who's been
very confused since he's been on television at NBC, he said he's got to kick it out of
bounds.
If he kicks it to the rocket, you know, there's a chance they're going to blow the game.
And sure enough, he right into his hands and boom, seven guys missed tackles and he's gone
91 yards.
But do you think if he wouldn't have clipped him, that he would have got it?
Oh, shit.
Go on.
He's gone.
Forget it.
If it wasn't for the penalty, there was a great run.
It was a great run.
It was a great run.
It was a great run.
So it is.
Is he.
It's not the same.
Yes.
Look back.
That's what his girlfriend said.
And so when's the ahead of you?
My good friend Tom Jekyll just made my new year.
I'm reading along.
And one of the things I love to do a new year's day is just relax.
I just, I, you know, I think I said what needs to be said.
He had, but you had minimal credibility before in terms of your show and whatever is
afternoons programming.
Now he has no credibility.
No, no, what his feud stems from though.
Exactly what he continues to prove every time he opens his mouth or writes anything.
The fact that he's a prejudice reporter.
That's my opinion.
I might disney.
Well, Mike and I were conferring on that and the party knew that this afternoon as he was
on his way out.
He said, whoa, I'm here late.
It's one o'clock.
Well, you know, he gives you the idea that it's supposed to be his opinion.
I, he writes a TV radio column.
I mean, if he's critiquing, I can understand that.
He's writing a column to critique.
But it seems to me he is the radio and TV reporter.
He's writing a column where he's analyzing the new shows or whatever that.
I can understand that.
Or he's supposed to be reporting like ratings, for example, to color it or delete things
purely because of his own prejudices is unacceptable.
That's right.
Because we are here.
I like Tom and he's a good friend.
The point is you guys have great numbers, which he completely overlooked.
There was like one passing sentence.
Well, they gave it to you.
He gave our numbers to you.
Yeah.
And anybody who follows Neil's going to have great numbers like Alex Ben of the course
or a lot of that other.
It just is amazing to me because Tom usually is that.
But that's why I criticized him.
He can digit out.
He can't take poison.
Well, he just, he said he hope that you had a hemorrhoid the size of the film.
And it, huh?
The size of him, which is not the hit.
Now he wants a bigger one than that.
The size of Dave Gain.
Whoa.
And he said he hope that it led like a leaky faucet.
I don't know what he meant by that.
So he's, he's winning my argument for me.
Like every time he puts a pen to the paper or use another vehicle of another show to
just rip me.
Well, you know, he'll be on over there.
Pretty sure.
He just, he's an embarrassment.
He's an embarrassment to the page that give him a show on F.T.L.
That it's served him right.
Yeah.
Boy, that should, man, I should have put that on my mind.
Now, were you listening yesterday?
Did you hear this ongoing?
Now, they kind of, they were going to be on up over here and they, you know, they,
it was really pretty washy washy.
They were trying to rip her neary and I, you know, but he's had a lot of success.
He's like a warm glove.
And of course, I was wondering where Alice had the warm glove at the moment he was talking
about.
And then of course about neo, while neo was brilliant and there's nobody's hot and cold.
And he's, you know, he's, he'll be great now because he's got us to talk about it.
You know, how did I survive all the time?
Steve was in New York.
Seems to me, I'm still here.
I don't know.
It seemed to me in the summer book, the whole station we did great.
He was still up there, a cool in his heels or somewhere after getting canned.
And we do find one he wasn't there.
But he likes to believe that as long as you've got him to talk about, then you're doing great.
And as long as he's not around you, just somehow you just can't make it.
I don't get that.
How did, before he came here from getting fired four times in Orlando, how did I have any
success and WS news?
I had 10 and 11 shares of it.
It's a miracle I could do without him to bash at WS news.
Well, I'm glad he's there.
And I hope he knows this and I hope he's listening because the people that call it,
he said he would be listening to Alice of you.
He won't be tough.
He won't have to respond like to what I say about the Godfather or about the homeless
and how they're all a bunch of bumps.
He won't have to respond because now he said he's going to be listening to Alice of you.
Don't believe that, of course.
Oh, sure.
Right now.
Right Steve.
So the fact is what I was going to say, every time did you take care of your pre-needs
yet?
No.
Because man, you want to get like, yeah, you're right.
Every two minutes.
Well, I mean, I got a little bit of a chance to work.
I got this part of a little bit.
Not all of that, but jeez.
I mean, I don't want to be reminded every five minutes.
Well, maybe they're like, what do I do in the Chinese restaurant enough?
I think it could happen a lot sooner.
Maybe they think a lot more about death while they're asking to the armpit palace.
Is this the one that goes with Alice?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
No, seriously, it's a place where these, you know, coriander is a spice.
And if you use too much of it, it smells like that armpits, like a locker room.
And this place, they must manage, they're made a whole five minute there and run around
before they open up for lunch.
I mean, just, oh, God.
They have like a steam table and everything that you can see the, Madonna's here, just
everything rising up from there in the steam room.
Just beautiful.
That was good.
Well, it is.
It's a grotesque way.
He's a no.
An Alice just goes down and finds about it.
And then of course, about the Corvette.
You would have loved his comments about the Corvette, about how he traded his in for his
Supra and boy, Corvette is a wonderful machine, but it's very poor workmanship.
And after 15,000 miles, they all rattle and he had it in the shop seven times.
I've had five Corvettes now over the last four years.
The only, four months.
Over the last four weeks.
And I wonder why he bought a Corvette too, by the way.
Isn't that kind of interesting?
Monkey, seed monkey, do.
Seems like almost everything I've done in my life, Alice seems to, well, we don't want
to go in there.
But why do you ever buy a Corvette?
And I've had five vets, including the 291's I have now.
The only problem I had, two of them had the ABS braking system went and the light comes
on.
And you take it in one day, they fix it, it's underwater.
No problem.
Other than that, I haven't, other than the rattles you notice, which come into extra charge,
I've had no problem.
They run like a top.
They're fabulous automobiles.
And like I said before, I don't have to show.
Thank God.
Because I wouldn't do it for Patrick Maria to it of Hollywood.
I have to come out and say, well, you know, I really would rather have my Supra than
the vet.
Because he knows I love Corvettes.
And the world isn't just a one car world anymore than it's a one restaurant world, you
know, it's just a childish, sophomore, like your show.
Exactly.
That was the expression sophomore.
See, they can't accept the fact because basically you have a bunch of people over there,
most of whom have no sense of humor at all.
None.
Oh, I know.
I mean, on the year, I'm not talking about it.
It's rough to me.
And nor this morning, Norm was whining and screeching and trying to be just for like
a moment.
Oh, and Norm, I seriously, he's a good friend of mine.
He's a great attorney, a good guy to know, a good friend, but Norm, I'm telling you,
if you're going to insist on feeding your ego by indulging yourself in this embarrassing
exercise, at least stopping so shrill in the morning.
People don't want to hear pontificating and hysteria at 6.37, 30 in the morning.
It's just it's embarrassing.
Seems with Steve as program director, he should like know that.
Well, he's got a reason to know.
He's everybody do the wrong thing.
But I will say and I'll say it with you sitting here, I do give the guy credit because I
know this is a brutal business.
You've been out of work.
We've all had our, sitting here, I do give the guy credit because I know this is a brutal
business.
You've been out of work.
We've all had our working for assholes and management.
And the guy with his line of BS has been able to talk a guy who's had a failed miserable
non-existent station.
It'll let him manipulate it and put it together.
They've gone out and written a lot of business and it's something.
I give him credit for that.
I don't believe in this just coming on and putting this contrived.
They're well, they stink and we're great.
I mean, there's plenty of room for everybody, okay?
And they got that nice 40 watt signal and anybody who can hear more power to him.
And you know the guy who called, what the hell?
It was Monday.
Remember I stuck around here.
You were 40 minutes.
That's what I was talking about.
And there's a guy who's called here and was going on and ripping you guys.
I'm leaving and during the news break I turned on, he's on with them.
Sure.
He's on with Steve.
Oh, it never surprised me.
It's probably said this and he'll call you that and said you and Mortoni were crap.
And that was true.
And Mortoni didn't even show up on a show by the way.
That's what I heard.
But you see all those guys that we get, which are like you can count them on one hand, have
no idea what we're about.
They have problems stringing two thoughts together.
Do you remember how long it got?
I went on.
Oh, let me ask you then.
Then Rick, I want to ask you.
They don't know what we're doing and bless Steve for getting them out of our hair because
they've been lost.
Well, you're right.
Although you noticed, now the trend, we got a, the station at a terrible trend is over.
We're not one of those speaking trends.
But isn't it interesting?
People said, well, what WS News goes off, you're going to have this windfall.
We didn't benefit from it at all.
Those people were lost.
Those people were already there before.
They're not going to come over here because they hate us like poison.
Now, if they do, they're not going to write it down exactly.
And the ones who can hear that signal are in heaven.
It's great.
Hello, and the first call any guy was like some 400 year old woman.
That's what it's going to be.
And they can pretend it's going to be fun and games and the Steve has come around.
Neil is right.
You know, topical talk is dead and the heavy boring.
But that's what they're going to be in.
Nick is there.
I will be booking all of his old guests.
The pro college is beyond and you're in lady and the veterinarian will be on the one that's
been on 4,000 times.
And I'm telling you there's an audience.
As it says at the airport, terminal.
In fact, that'd be a good place for them to get their new studios right.
The airport because there's a big sign introducing their format.
It says terminal when you drive in.
I'm serious.
You know, and Craig, I'm the one thing I'm delighted.
Craig Warding is one of the finest people I know in this business.
You don't know him.
But Craig is a super guy.
He's had a million rough knocks like most people in this business.
He's been bounced around.
He's a talent too.
He's got a great sense of humor.
And I'm just thrilled that he's got a job.
I'm just glad because he should not be out of work.
So I'm tickled at for that.
Me too.
And no, I'm just, you know.
Waiting for the gaps with you.
And then he went through this thing the other day about, about, well, Rick Rally, you know,
I know he would never give the money to the charity of Neil head office.
Oh, man, I point out something on my behalf.
I got an audit.
I've gotten, yeah, because I've gotten audited by the IRS twice in my life.
Yeah.
And the reason was is they didn't believe my donations.
I have always donated a lot of money, whatever I've made, probably more than I well should.
And so much so that the IRS didn't believe it.
And I had canceled receipts from every one of these people.
I have always donated and would have to the come.
But what is he's never even met you?
He doesn't know exactly.
And to come on the air and to say, he wouldn't have given it.
How does he know?
He doesn't know you.
I take my stuff to the Salvation Army, to the Goodwill, to the Vietnam, that money to what you wear.
And I go, well, that's where I get it too.
I don't blame.
We recycle.
But the second point is, and when he says that if it wasn't for Neil doing the campaign,
a lot of these people, big shots, well-known, wouldn't give.
And like I said earlier, that's the idea of something you believe in running campaign
to bring it to their attention and scratching their conscience.
They'll say, hey, you've got some bucks.
Let's help these people need the help.
That's what it's all about.
Otherwise, there would be no purpose in doing it.
And then he talks about why I was a real great programming too.
What programming do we have of what's your homeless people on here?
How much do we talk?
All we do is mention the total, open up the checks.
And we occasionally give away or auction off something of value at the orange bowl tickets.
Some good things that people out there want.
I mean, I realize it's not as exciting as hearing Norm whine in the screen in the morning.
And by the way, Norm, I'm going to tell you they were involved.
No, I don't know how to say this delicately, okay?
Because I think to reach his own, whatever anybody wants to say is their own business and all of this.
But when you start coming on the year and talking about Norman's girlfriend and all these
other things that I was hearing yesterday, Steve, I'm going to tell you.
It's just embarrassing, okay?
It just boggles the mind, all right?
It just I cannot deal with it.
That's all I need to say about that.
He can.
What I was going to point out with the $100,000.
Is everybody congratulate you in this and that about that?
Not them.
No, not them.
They're still taking cheap shots at the homeless.
Hold still.
I'm giving the little digs over your steps.
But a step over the homeless on the way to work in New York.
And I'll, you know, there was a piece on it on the news last night again.
My heart was no less than a mystery.
No, listen.
And they showed it was a local piece and they showed these lines of people that were getting
fed over the holiday.
Yeah.
There were a genuine women with little children standing in those lines of homeless.
So this crap about Wow.
It's mostly single man and their drunks and drugs.
There's a lot of crap not to mention how many Vietnam veterans and others and all kinds
of people from all walks of life.
There was a piece about Dan Walker, the former governor of Illinois, who went to jail for
fraud.
Yeah.
And who is now busted not and he was homeless and now he's got like a one room place and
his whole he works at the San Diego in the equivalent of the Camino South.
That's his whole life.
Now he's dedicated to the homeless.
That's what he does.
And you know, it's very easy to just try to wash it away.
You don't carry a fine.
I can't make anybody care.
But don't try to poop who something that somebody else is doing.
Give some credit once in a while.
And that's on page of the certain of this morning.
Nine year old girl promised the dollar ship.
Right.
Because she maintained, I think it was an A average for the last year that she was homeless
while she did it and she's going to school.
So I wanted to point that out though.
I give probably more than I am capable of, but there's a lot of people that need it.
And I'm glad to share it.
So that's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Thank you.
Thank you.
22 after 1 at WIOD, the folks at Toyota of Hollywood wanted to know, step on that Mike
man.
Did you hear that?
Listen.
Well, we give you the finger.
This one.
That's when you chime in.
OK.
126 at WIOD.
Now, wait a minute.
Didn't I come back to you?
You just got to me after.
How is that possible?
You were supposed to be on after the news.
I know.
It's almost time for the next news.
Oh, that's right.
Mr. Riley was in here and we were, while you're the first call I took this out, right?
That's it.
Okay.
Well, I didn't realize we'd have a 20 minute gap.
That's where Richard Nixon said.
I'll blame it on Riley.
I'll blame it on Rosemary Woods.
I'll blame it on James Woods.
It's in his it's.
That's where you'll find all the stuff.
Really?
What I was talking to you about is I said I agree with a lot of things you had said earlier today.
What do you don't have to suck around like that?
You also disagree with something.
I do.
I do.
I told you I've been a hurricane fan since 65 and I've seen them go through the 70s where they
almost folded up to the soft times in the hard times.
So, you know, my opinion is probably a little biased because I am a hurricane fan.
But one thing that I thought that you were wrong about Ericsson, I think he's tried to clean
up the image at you about it.
I don't think he's really...
Well, he's doing one hell of a great job.
I'll call you there.
Yesterday was plastered over newspapers from coast to coast today.
Yeah.
Tellings.
I think yesterday was a little out of context for what everybody thought.
Don't you think there's a point especially when the game gets so lopsided?
Don't you think there is some point in which the coach takes the players like, you know, during
a television timeout or whatever it is and says, hey, enough of this crap, the game is well
in hand.
Let's not make fools of ourselves.
Let's try to at least get out of here with a little bit of class and, you know, at no
point did that ever happen.
I mean, you just know it didn't because it never stopped and you could just tell.
It was, go do your thing and whatever it takes, go to it.
I think they could have won 46 to 2 without the penalties.
They could have won 100 to 3 without the penalties.
Don't you understand me when you're starting at first in 40?
The fact is every time that Texas put it the ball, Miami starts on a 50-yard line.
They always had a great run back.
Texas was so outmaned.
It was embarrassing.
You almost felt for them.
And I can't stand their program or their fans, but it was just they were just totally out
of gun.
I've got a lot of people have forgotten.
Texas was ranked number three.
They were going to, you know, they did a lot of things.
They did a lot of the talking in the beginning.
And I think that's what stirred up some of the players that brought back that old feeling
because that guy, they had Thompson or whatever he was, talking about how Miami wears the head
bands and this and that and started bringing up all the old crap that they used to do.
And I think when they got out there, they just went ahead and went on with it because they never
said a word before the game.
You know, I don't still think that makes it right.
Before the game, but how about when the Texas players were being introduced and all of a
sudden, guys are running out there and I mean, what the hell was that all about?
I agree.
It's totally inappropriate, totally unacceptable.
It's just not the way things are done.
I mean, there's a certain, a certain kind of ambiance that goes with a ball game and certain
kind of unspoken rules that you behave in a certain way and that's just it.
You know, unfortunately, I don't have any.
Listen to me.
Have you ever seen a sporting event?
I'm trying to think of any, like take basketball, professional or college basketball.
And let's face it, basketball's going to be a very physical game.
A tremendous amount of, but you just don't see.
I mean, once in a while you get a fight and all of that abroad, but generally speaking,
you don't see the kind of haunting and the kind of show boating and a kind of hot dogging
and a kind of just, rolly, unruly out of hand, play it.
It just doesn't happen.
Unfortunately, though, I don't think it's the whole team was not, not to blame.
There's a couple of guys that have been doing that on the team and everybody's going to
say Randall Hill.
Well, that's, but that's my point.
The point is that guys like Craig Erickson and the guys on the offense are playing.
All of them and all these guys who played incredible game.
I mean, just phenomenal.
In the minds of a lot of people, it's going to be overshadowed by all this other crap.
Well, and that's, that's too bad.
Yeah, but you know, the other thing too is one of your college early who talked about the celebrating.
I don't see what the big deal is.
I mean, if you make a play, why can't you get up and jump up and down a cycle?
Jump up and down.
Yeah, but to have to go through all this jivas crap and like, you know, a 20 minute dance
and get out the MC Hammer and go through all.
It's just that it doesn't have a place in sports.
I just no need for it.
You see, Randall Hill, there was Bojack.
I saw the whole I saw it.
Believe me, I just that was embarrassed for him.
I really was.
If he'd gone a few yards further in the tunnel, I'd have been a lot happier than we wouldn't have to see it.
But a good point.
Erickson, I think, is really up until the game.
And I think he got frustrated because I think what happened was they had a penalty thrown on him.
And then I know one of the comments.
I think it's frustrating. So he says, drop dead.
Well, and it gets 15 more for one of my conduct.
According to one of the commentators said that if the team didn't back up, he was going to throw a flag
because they were getting too close to their sideline on the white line down the sideline.
I think he just got fed up with it and just said, I'll drop dead and they probably threw a flag on him.
I mean, you all know.
Well, I like the way you just, you know, if you had read what actually took place or released what was reported,
it isn't just as simple as that, okay?
Yeah, I agree with you.
In addition to which Chuck was telling me when we were discussing in the hall, I don't have this for a fact.
But the rumor is that after the game, the officials called Erickson in into the official's room,
and there was a meeting and he came out moaning and bitching and cursing.
Evidently, they called him in and maybe he's going to get, you know, some...
After the game?
Yeah.
I didn't know about that.
Well, that's what I've heard.
But one quick thing and I won't plan for the line too long.
I know he's tried to discipline the team a lot because take Leonard Kiley, for example.
Please.
Who I'm so glad he scored a touchdown for his sake after being suspended for two weeks.
But he suspended the guy whose last two games in a season because of fighting with another player
and then talking back to a coach.
And I didn't even know if he was going to let him play this game.
And I know that he's not the kind of guy.
I don't think he's the greatest coach in the world if I could have Shellenberger back I'd love to.
But...
Schnellerberger built a foundation for this program.
He planted all the seeds to enable it to become what it is.
And I'll say it again, what he's done at Louisville, I mean they just...
He should be coached to the year.
Alabama yesterday.
They should be coached to the year.
And there's a man.
And you know, when Howard was here, he and I had our moments because in those days I was doing UM-Bassball.
And one day I made a comment because they had the old-timers UM-Bassball game on a Saturday.
And on the same day they scheduled the UM-B-Green...
What do they call that game in the spring?
Whatever they call it.
Not the green and white because that's not it.
Whatever they call it.
And I made a comment about it on the year because we had almost nobody for the baseball game in Mark Light's stadium.
And this was a game like Randy Garrow has played his last game and a lot of other seniors.
And it was a shame.
He called me at home.
And he said, you got a problem?
I said, yes.
I said, I think it was very poor judgment on your part to schedule the two games off of each other.
You could schedule that game any other weekend or any other day.
And by the end of the conversation, I had a one-over, okay?
But he was a tough guy but he never ever would have tolerated the kind of crap that's been going on for the last three years.
Not just yesterday or this year but the last three years.
It started under Jimmy Johnson who created this whole image.
And now Eric says it's either out of control or he's encouraging it.
Yeah.
I don't think he's encouraging it.
And he had a lot of guys for seniors and graduating that knew that whatever they did is not going to affect him.
Well, let me just tell you this in spite of whatever the media says in this town and whatever the fans say here.
It doesn't take a brain surge in to figure out that what was seen on national television yesterday wasn't a positive for the University of Miami or for this community.
I mean, that's not debatable.
That's a fact.
That's true.
But I just think that I don't know.
It's hard to say because a lot of the stuff that happened, you really didn't see it and you don't know everything.
Well, I saw enough of it that it really made, turned my stomach.
I saw enough.
The reputation is so bad that when you do do something, I think it's magnified.
And I think a lot of the teams they played this year came out expecting Miami to be like that.
The San Diego State game, it seemed to me like Miami.
It was the opposite.
It seemed to me like San Diego State came out, you know, ready to brawl and...
Well, my point is, I'm not just trying to single out Miami.
There is no room for it in sports and especially in college sports.
I mean, if we've gotten that far we're winning, is that important that we now have to have like foot brawl.
Then we're going nuts. We've just lost it.
Thanks a lot for that.
You know, then let's start being honest and just pay the guys and let the dummies all out of school and forget about education.
And just pay them and make it the minor league or call it semi-pro baller whatever you want to call it.
And stop putting on an act, okay, because it is big money.
It's big commercial.
There is enormous pressure to win and to perpetuate these gigantic powerhouses and these empires for all of these coaches.
I think it's ridiculous.
Give me my Spartans in three yards in a cloud of dust any day.
Have a great day.
134 at Good Old, WI-OD.
Open line a day by the way, 751-9463.
Soothing, that's what we need.
A little soothing music to relax the savage beast.
There's calm down, give it out of our system.
Like I said, 300 years from now, nobody will ever know the score much less
so they're all the other crap who cares.
Just again, right?
Just again, that's my opinion.
I'm like there's a lot of stuff being so hyper, like it's just again.
Okay, have a good time up there Sam.
Good luck to you.
You'll need a pompadone.
Hey, now, yes sir.
I'm not a college Sam.
I don't care about that, but.
Good.
You know, you said before the 49ers don't have to be dirty,
but when they play Cincinnati and Cleveland, they could publicly say they were the 30th
cheap shot artist in the league, but they can other pros.
They can get away with that.
And then you see BS makes millions on that game yesterday so they can say what they want to their pros.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
They can say what they want and the other guys can be cheap shot artists because they're pros.
How much do these players get?
They get paid nothing.
Oh, you think so?
You're positive with that?
I mean, everybody's making millions on them.
The school makes millions on them.
Are you positive with that?
And let me ask you.
They might make $50 and they get the money.
I see like a test of her.
He's not making any money now and co-star.
What if they get hurt?
And in the wash?
So what about it?
I don't think they get hurt.
There are a lot of professions like that you don't even have to be off the line.
It's awesome.
So I can't they do a little dancing.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, they can behave any way they want the people to make their business.
Because it's big business and people are making money.
What the hell is that?
I mean, crazy.
Comic sports nowadays isn't like when you're in there.
It's nothing.
I see. So I'm an old man and time has passed me.
How come college basketball we don't have this?
Who cares about basketball?
Well, I see.
That's not big business.
The NCAA is present.
I don't like basketball.
Oh, I see.
You don't like it.
So it's not big business.
No, I'm sure it's big business.
So then what are you talking about?
You're trying to rationalize something.
You're trying to make acceptable, the unacceptable, sir.
That's what you're trying to do.
And I can't believe it.
No, that's not fair.
There's no place for it.
There's no need for it, OK?
Hey, you were right about that.
But I mean, what are you talking about?
The dancing part.
What's the big deal on that?
I'm not talking about it.
I'm just saying personally, I can live without that.
That's not the crux of our conversation today, OK?
All right.
I don't mind dancing in the end zone.
I do mind dancing on somebody's head when he's down on the ground.
That's the difference.
I just think people make a big deal about college sports
and it's nothing but money making deals.
OK.
You're the greatest now.
See you.
140, sucking around won't get you anywhere.
All low.
North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Can I ask you a question?
What's Cory doing in here today?
What is he doing here?
Is he going to be on your show?
Thank you, Pardon?
Oh, I'm asking such a question.
Cory's going to must say, you're not going to play that song, are you?
Oh, thank God.
Go ahead, sir.
What I wanted to ask you.
I was starting to say something nice about Jika.
Thank you, Pardon?
No, I said I've got a little something in my throat.
Go ahead.
I wanted to ask you.
You're the talk show number one genius now.
Right.
It may even.
How many times you hit the button today?
About twice.
OK.
That's not bad for a genius.
OK.
Thanks a lot.
That's the same guy I talked to a call didn't remember a few weeks ago.
And apologized while his jury ad for friends for calling.
But he's there every day.
You're there listening every day.
So if I'm a bad guy and if I don't hit the button, I didn't hang up on you ass.
Hold you, hung up on me.
OK.
And you think that somebody who lived as long as you have to like about 110
would have learned by now a little bit better matters than slam the phone down on some great wonderful person like me.
Slime ball.
141.
Fort Lauderdale.
On the ticking line.
And it's not disappointing.
It's ticking.
Hey, we're ticking over here.
Look at that.
There's John Cameron Swaisy sitting right under that line.
Hoppano.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I'm the old congratulations on what you've done with the Camillo South.
Second of all, you've got my blood boiling.
Really?
Yes, sir.
Everything you've said today, I agree 100% with.
Unfortunately, you are dealing with the objectivity of the Mammie Hurricane fan.
And the media don't leave them out.
Oh, you don't leave Jeff Indy Forest.
Well, don't put all the members of the media who cover sports in this area in the same boat.
Most.
Some of us like to tell the truth.
Some of us?
Yes.
First of all, everything that you have said is on the button.
I find no problems whatsoever with any athlete doing a dance.
Elmo Wright started a long time ago with Houston.
Mark Gaffson, who had his side of justice on the defense side of the football.
Yeah.
What golfed me is what you said.
There is no reason for anyone to dance when somebody said.
The Mammie Hurricanes were as well prepared a football team as I have ever seen.
But they were not prepared for one of the main tasks.
And that is to handle winning with class.
Yeah.
You watch Notre Dame.
You watch Penn State.
You watch Colorado.
You watch Colorado.
You watch Colorado.
That's an interesting point.
How long do you think Joe Patrano would have put up with that crew?
For about five seconds.
And the worst part of it all is, after I heard the garbage that goes on your station in terms of the sports supply,
with the exception of Hank who will tell the truth and the match-shell,
or might be so pro-Horricane and so pro-Dolphin that unfortunately you brought it up yourself many times.
Yeah.
Henry Byr once tried to tell the truth about the dolphins and all of a sudden he got in a little bit of a problem.
Yeah, all of a sudden they won't let him come to the game anymore.
You got it.
So maybe the show we were took away as parking pass to us.
Right.
So maybe the show that Mandage does, the show that the Gackie does unfortunately,
it seems like even a real good kid and a kid who knows sports and a kid who knows horse racing,
Jeff DeForest is being dragged right into the whole show-ing aspect.
I didn't pay for the beer.
Well, I had to get that guy.
I'm sure he did.
But the bottom line remains that everything you said today is true,
but unfortunately because people do not want to hear the truth,
they do not want to hear objectivity, they do not want to hear fairness or justice,
you will hear 35 calls all nails sticking on the gauge CBS,
you're sticking on the cance.
The bottom line is the Hurricanes are the best team in college football.
They do not have to act like jive punks on a football field.
From the chiefs, I saw yesterday whether it be Anthony Hamlet or Mark Caesar's chief shot
or Sean and Jones out of bounds, there's no reason for it.
A lot of the reasons you brought up today, I think there's a correlation to it.
This didn't start with Dennis Erickson.
Dennis Erickson is a good guy, he is a good coach, he has told a lot of us with the mean.
I think he's full of crap, how do you like that, Al?
I think he's a disgrace.
Yeah, I think he's a good guy.
But a coach has no control over the compartment of his players.
Let me say it again.
I worked with Ron Fraser for six years doing UM baseball.
And Ron Fraser would more allow the kind of crap to go on and lose control of his players
than he would to slice up his mother-in-law.
It just wouldn't be allowed.
I don't want to hear that Dennis Erickson is a wonderful guy and it's all somebody else's fault.
The head coach has to take full responsibility and the bottom line is he turned him loose.
He said, do whatever you want and they did and they put a black mark on the ball.
And he's going to have a lot of trouble with the university and on this community, which we need like a hole in the head.
Okay.
Ron, the button you said is to sinkley something I probably can't do because it takes me 30 seconds to stay alone.
But this started a long time before that.
Coach Erickson said before the season started, he would not put up these kind of annexes.
Well, he is.
He's put up with it all through the season and yesterday he contributed to it.
He's out about it.
He lost control yesterday and this goes back a long way.
I mean, there's members of the media in the South Florida area that are very much aware of the fact
that in the San Diego State game, I just listed in some biased hurricane fan that said, oh, well, you know, that's the San Diego State game.
It seemed like San Diego State came out of the chip on her shoulder.
There are people, members of the media that know that on the play that caused the brawl, Shane Curry,
we did a good job once he got moved outside, inside to get some pass rush up the middle,
gave a cheap shot to McGuire.
Knowing that McGuire made a great play and he was about to get sucked and eventually got the two-point conversion.
They never showed the cheap shot by Shane Curry.
They never showed what ensued after that.
That after the brawl started.
Dennis Ellison, the University of Miami, President, Foot, and most of the members of the Athletics staff
and the players are fully aware of the video that was taken place by three or four photographers that went on the sidelines
and they all have seen it.
And that is Daron Handy literally took a gentleman's helmet off and then kicked the San Diego State player in the head.
Without a helmet, you can kill somebody doing that.
To me it's ridiculous and what's even more ridiculous is to think that not one member of the media in this market
has had the guts and the justice and stand is to come out and take a stand
and if Coach Ellison doesn't want to talk to us so bad, if known from the University of Miami
wants to give us interviews so bad, but stand up for truth,
and they say they're one of the people who have tried to put academic firsts.
They say in a parking lot, as they say in a parking lot at WS News, I wouldn't sit on the best part of it.
You know what I'm trying to get to?
Don't you think it's a little ridiculous to think that a Miami hurricane player can rip off someone's helmet
in the San Diego State game, kick him in the head six or seven times
because there's pressure for the University of Miami, no member of the sport.
We'll show that clip.
Have a great life.
147, well I was Alombardo and he's getting hysterical.
Okay, you think he just 120 granted pompinor or something?
Okay, appreciate the support and all the help, but you're out of control.
I like to control my people.
What is it?
Sound of Arabia.
Yes, how you doing, Neil?
Good, who's this?
This is Del.
Darryl.
Del.
Del.
Del, D-E-L.
Oh, Del.
Yeah, I like Del.
Like Del Frank and like the Del Viking.
So how's things in the desert, Del?
How they're going good.
How are you?
How's the Halavall over there?
Well, we brought in the New Year.
Right.
And you just had the vice president over there.
I bet you he left it the spirit, something fierce.
Yeah, yeah.
How's the child, Del?
It's child pretty good.
Okay.
Hey, I just wanted to call say hello and happy New Year to everybody in Miami and to you.
Well, the same to you and all our people over there and we're all thinking about you
and wishing you the very best.
You know that?
Yeah, and I wanted to say thanks a lot to the South Florida community.
We received lots of letters, care packages.
And, um, bro, I just speak to everybody from South Florida and it's over here with us.
I want to say thank you very much.
Okay, listen, come back safe and sound, Del.
I will, Nate.
Can I ask you a, I want to talk to you off the air for a second, like this.
Okay, hold on a second.
Hold on.
Okay, 148 at WI do.
We have an open line in Broward, 524WID.
Don't let me forget him.
I'll do the break and then I'll talk to him and then maybe we'll come back.
Okay.
Our friends from next door at Channel 7 are here taping furiously.
What are you people doing trying to create problems for us?
Man, can't believe it.
I hope you guys have the balls to come on a year and expose this grotesque behavior that went on yesterday.
Instead of just being shills like those people at Channel 6 the other day that Russell Schmucka or whatever his name is.
Got to be embarrassed you guys.
Isn't that his name Schmucka?
Stick Dave Gaming in front of the camera before they put his ass on here again.
He's embarrassing.
I'm sorry.
You're not going to put that on the area.
I'll talk about Sally again if you don't want you.
Anyway, the new hell.
You know how to shut these people up, right?
Look at that.
They start to vibrate right in the studio.
Anyway, the new year is here and a lot of folks are making resolutions for the new year and one of them.
I know this is the rapidly thinning Johnny Dart is fading into oblivion and his number is two, by the way.
Wait till a new book comes up over there at the coast in the afternoon.
He's number one.
Even Steve can't touch him and probably wouldn't want to.
Anyway, get serious about not going to say anything you've been asked about.
Sarah fits the rest of the day.
It's 153 at W.I.
Do you want to ask a question?
Do you want to ask a question?
Do you want to ask a question?
Do you want to ask a question?
Do you want to ask a question?
Do you want to ask a question?
How many feet are left for the dolphin?
Lots.
Not going to be sold out.
Well, we have to four o'clock this afternoon to get it on TV to get the blackout lifted.
I wouldn't bet my last two shekels on it until you're there.
You know approximately how much are left?
Well, let's see.
We had the 25,000 left before the stiller.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, we sold 15,000 on Monday.
A few stragglers yesterday.
So I would say somewhere between five and 10,000.
No, you don't think it's going to make it.
Unlikely, unless channel 10 buys them all up.
I think that would be the nice thing to do if channel 10 bought up all remaining tickets
because they have the rights to telecast it Saturday.
Do you think they will buy up as many as they have 3,000 tickets for the game?
As of when?
Like before four o'clock today.
Yeah.
So do you think it will be telecast?
No, I'm saying it.
I don't understand a question.
Do I think it's going to be telecast no way.
It will not be sold out today.
Very okay.
99 to one chance against.
So my plans should be to go down to the game on the back.
Exactly.
Go out there and buy the ticket and don't to hold your breath for a TV unless you want to drive to Jacksonville.
Do you think the fans will be supportive on Saturday or no?
Because the last couple games I want to have been around 60,000.
Well, maybe if we put some of the hurricanes in there, we have like a fist fight on the field.
Maybe that will stir them up a little bit.
Maybe we can get them off their hands.
The last time the dolphin fans got excited was the jets game way back early in the season.
Remember that?
Yeah.
They were hysterical.
They were up for the game.
They were into it.
They were worked like an extra couple of points which we needed to win the game.
And since then they've been in a coma.
So maybe if they forget about the wave a little bit and they start paying attention to what's on the field and learn what it is to be a fan,
maybe we can add like a touch stock because we'll need it.
Believe me.
What does that go?
We're seeing about the game on Saturday.
Well, we'll ask him Friday.
He's going to be out there at Carter with us Friday.
We'll ask him.
Okay.
You know Hank, he's very timid with his opinions.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
See you.
155 at WIOD Miami.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, one thing for you.
Well, actually a couple things.
First of all, I got tickets for Saturday.
Second of all, my amy's number one.
And third of all, what did that guy tell you from Saturday, Arabia that he wanted to tell you up the air?
What do you want to do?
He got a little sad to me.
No, no, he gave me an address.
I'm going to put together.
They've got his wife sent him some of the best of the nealtapes and all the guys over there are listening to it.
And he wondered if I'd put a tape together, a cassette with all the different, you know, ACN and a whole bunch of bits.
So I'm going to do that next couple of days and give me the address to send it to.
Yeah, okay.
Well, you sound a little sad.
Yeah, but I'm going to tell you some heartbreaking news.
No, well, if you were over there, if you were over there in the middle of the desert, you'd be a little sad too, I guess, after all this time.
I know how it is.
Well, have a good life and you know how it is.
I do.
Okay, that's what I'm afraid of.
Homestead.
Yeah, hi.
Hi.
I asked you a question.
What's your major role in function with Miami anyways?
What?
What is your major malfunction?
My major malfunction?
Yes, with your major malfunction.
What is your malfunction?
Is it at the junction, sir?
No.
What does that mean?
What is my major malfunction?
What is your problem?
Probably being fat is my major malfunction plus talking to a bunch of goofballs is my major malfunction.
What are you talking about?
Have you been listening to the show?
Yeah, I've been listening to the show.
That's how I'm talking.
Their behavior is unacceptable.
Okay, that's not an opinion.
That's a fact.
And I don't give it to Emma Dennis Erickson or Jeff DeForest or Joe Zagaki says,
anybody, there are a lot of people in the media in this town who in private will agree with you,
but when they come on TV or on radio or in the newspapers,
because they're afraid of the wrath of the fans and this whole thing,
this emotional thing that these phony front-running fans get swept up
and they don't have the balls to tell it like it is.
Okay, it's unacceptable.
It's unnecessary.
There are a team of great ability.
They're the best college team in a country by far in my opinion,
but there is no room for it.
Okay, period.
No, no.
What I'm trying to say is, with the Miami-Raking team,
I've heard you, all they put them down.
They won.
46, 46, 23.
Wow, I'm impressed.
Yeah, you should be.
Yeah.
And, you know, even though they do.
Let me ask you something.
How old are you, sir?
How old am I?
16.
16, you want to be 17?
Don't ever call a show again, asshole.
158 at WIOD.
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Wow.
How do you like that 16-year-old pisspot calls me on a phone?
He's giving me instructions what I should say and what I should talk about.
Okay, what's my major malfunction?
Yeah.
His major malfunction is between his ears and between his legs.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
You got emotional.
Yeah, about an hour ago, you said something about OJ Simpson.
That's your malfunction right over here, too.
That's your malfunction right over here, too.
OJ Simpson?
Yes.
You have a problem with him being a commentator.
He's terrible.
Why is that?
Because he can't speak.
He's like a goofball.
He's terrible.
Does that answer the question?
Do you think he's good?
Well, I think he's, I think there should be more athletes
who are articulate, not who are like barely literate.
What do you think about these cameras?
I think Harry Bradshaw is a pathetic, I think that Paul Goofalm, a wire, is embarrassing.
Well, what do you think about these camera men who can't follow the ball?
Don't you think there should be some fellows up there who know how to follow the ball is better?
I think they're on drugs, okay?
Okay, thank you very much.
I'm glad he took my answer.
How about Pompano?
We got just a few seconds.
Great deal.
I agree with you 110%.
Miami's a bunch of classless jerks.
They're great football players.
They need to learn some manners.
Hey, man.
Thanks.
You hear that, Dennis?
You got it?
Now listen, we got Rick and Suts coming along next.
I'm sure they'll soothe everybody out there in the audience.
I'll get everybody into a real great mood.
Get ready for sports talk at 6.05.
And then if you think you've heard some real heavy-duty, herniatic shilling so far in the last couple of days,
since like 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon, just wait because this is your professional shilling station.
We got Joe Zagaki and Sunny and Jeff DeForest.
I'm Tonya.
If there are any doctors anywhere in town who need some serious business,
get their hernioword ready because, man, these people are going to have a herniatic shill over what happened yesterday.
They're going to go nuts, okay?
And then of course, so it'll be interesting to see what Hank thinks, right?
Right?
George says, I don't care.
It's terminal.
Hank Goldberg, 8 to 11 tonight.
Have a wonderful life.
We'll see you tomorrow morning again here on 6.10.
Your sports neurotic station, WIOD.
