Everyone knows the Kennedys have quite a record and now you can have it too. It's the Palm Beach Boys
Singing all the Kennedys greatest hits
The Palm Beach Boys will give you the willies
Help me uncle help help me uncle help me uncle. Yeah, get me out of this chair. Yes, it's the Palm Beach Boys caught fire
Be red
All their journey laundry is washing up on shore like girls on the beach say you're well when I put my head down here
Hi, you're back in here the ocean
My uncle sleeps J&B
with cousin patty and
It's the vice-sip week wake up with the wages who is
17 you'll also get little old Rosie from Massachusetts
Ted man's curved and twisted by the pool so next time you feel like hanging 10 or 10 catch the Palm Beach Boys
Available on criminal records and tapes. Let's put it on endless loop and just play it all day
That was the that's number one already. We just played it. It's already number one incredible outstanding sensational
Drinking my coffee
Yeah
What never heard that person what do you mean they never heard it that's the only one
Okay, can I make a little suggestion to you in closing?
Don't ever do this don't ever do this again. See you
Okay, that's enough
For minutes after 10 at WIO did we have three open lines in the board now?
I don't know what happened actually. I don't know what happened. We've got all those calls. We haven't said hello yet. Hello
Hello, there's a painful fact about Neil Rogers. You should know that's a major cause of stiffness and swelling and nothing to do with that
Oh
Well, I'm the type of guy who will never settle down
Where pretty girls are? Well, you know that I'm around I
Kiss a man. I love him because to be there all the same. I get so gosh done him
And I don't even know their names because I'm a philanderer
Yes, a philanderer. I sleep around around around around around
Well my future on the left god of them bow on the right
Only God will know where I'll be passing out tonight
And if you want to ask me which girl I love the best
I'll tear open my shirt got mother Rosie on my chair. Can I am a philanderer?
Yes, a philanderer. I sleep around around around around around around
Well my bones bend all around
I've got some and lots of
There and you know I've stood so many girls
Did I make very hard look like some kind of a queer?
We I'm the type of guy. He likes to go around. I've never in one place
I won't come to town and when I find myself falling for shop girl
I hop right in that car remind I think of for a world
Desire of a Kennedy
Yes, I'm a Kennedy the costume round and round and round and round and round
There must be spoken a carpeting of ACN this week. They came up with some pretty good stuff
It's about time too by the way 1017 at W.I.O.D. Miami Beach. Hey, do a nail. Okay. Hey, I want to talk to you about the baseball
Yes, sir
Okay, I'm not a baseball fan. Why not? Well, I just never grew up, you know with baseball grew up a football
Where did you grow up? Oh, you grew up here? Yeah, I grew up in that I never that's the problem
You've been shuttered on your life. Oh, yeah, I know, but I'm just saying that
You know even though the the announcement was delayed till September
We you know once we get the team here. We got to support the team
I'm I mean I mean I'd be a baseball fan, but I'll support the team
You'll be there every day even if you have to steal the money to buy the tickets
Well, I do that anyway good excellent. You know, we got to support that team like we do the dolphins
The heat the came and professional wrestling meal
Holy God
Amen and and for the people that don't want to support them
They're a bunch of douchebags. Yes, sir, and you know what you are you're an asshole exactly
That's the way it's gonna be Neil. That's the way it's gonna be. See ya
This is on broke shot in New York. This just in
Disney entertainment has just announced the upcoming release of an epic adventure
About an aging congressman's indiscreet liaison's the film is entitled Teddy Teddy bang bang
I'm Tom broke jaw now. There's one but I don't want to say
Good pick it up for Teddy. We got
Attention came on shoppers. We have a lost little girl
She's 19 years old all burn hair green eyes
36
24
34 and answers to the name event she said she lost her daddy and needs a new one
Will all prospective daddies please form a double line outside the manager's office and please have a
Recent bank statement or stock portfolio with you. Thank you. Thanks Ernie. It's 10.51 of W.I.O.D
Here's a lady in Miami. Yeah, hi
You're doing a great job. Yeah, but some of your cars are lame enough with the fucking
Mm-hmm. What's the what's the no what's wrong with them on a fight? What is your story, ma'am, sir? Whatever you might be
What can we do for you? Huh? I say what do you want? I?
Want to talk to you? Well, I'm trying to talk. I'm trying to I don't want to hear that I'm doing a great job
Oh, what what does that mean? You know what that reminds me of it's like every show you hear somebody will be on for like five minutes and somebody
You'll call is it oh great show great show today. They haven't even said hello yet. Hi, all they're doing is sucking around who is this?
This is Chris. Oh, hi Chris
What do you want Chris? Well, actually I want a job. I just got my FCC license
FCC license for what radio?
For what for engineering you mean no
The one same thing you don't you don't need an FCC license for this Chris
They don't know
So what can I do with it after I went what can you do with it? Well, I got a lot of ideas in fact
You can probably envision some right now you're right hand or your left Palm Beach
I got something to complain about Neil. Yeah, what is it? I was standing online at Palmore
At what?
Far more not far more far more. No, it's cool
We call it palm or you follow whatever you will of course you're in Palm Beach. Yeah, okay
And we're staying alive for about ten minutes like everybody else my mental business we in the garbage newspapers
This old hag walks up in front of everybody where you go out to the exit mm-hmm
Put some little bottle of whatever down there description pills. I need to excuse itself
And then when everyone looks at it says oh, I didn't realize this is the front of the line
You weren't even listening that's the problem with people they don't listen
Have a great day. Let me tell you something old hash. See you. Bye. Bye. Wow
Sometimes I feel
That life is passing me by
Sometimes I feel
That people don't want to smile
But when I listen to your show you make me smile like a shy
And you can help me get by my friend
Mick old at all my radio
Mick old at all my radio
On my radio
On my radio
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. This is a CBS news special. I'm Larry King and by special grant of the next president of the United States
We have been a quarter an interview with president Luther Francis
Forgive me for laughing, but mr. Francis is walked a little
Ridley into the studio tomorrow night. He will be inaugurated as the 39th president of the United States and normally presidents do not grant
Do not grab
Normally presidents do not grant
Normally presidents do not grant interviews the night before the great year of year
Thank you. Nice to have you president Francis is president to like president a little like right tomorrow
Red to the leg tomorrow
Tomorrow will he be president break no way back now
Wait a minute some members of your crew are trying to get the president off the set you're out of here. Oh, you're committed for
President Francis is a pleasure having you here at CBS News Central
ah
Tomorrow's the big day you become the buddy tomorrow at segmented it for four years you
All of my life. Yes, I wanted to have eggs better
That and this is your way of my George. We're gonna have them. We're gonna take over that
Mosley him when you really cared up. You never had it as governor of your state. I had it
President you have a point of very outstanding cabinet you have blacks Puerto Ricans women
Why is I got a gay? I know but I know
One of them is a gay
I know he does
That is a company
When are we going
Now we know that Bill Carter was one of those voices. I'm gonna put that other one was and then to do it that yeah
That's what he always
This is on broke shot in New York after a cold reception from Japanese investors
President Corbett shop today convinced the American Motors division of the Chrysler corporation to begin production of the new
AMC Kremlin
Gorbow charged vodka power automobile featuring fine Siberian leather the car reportedly gets 50 miles to the bottle
I'm Tom Rothschild. Yeah, I'll see you tonight
I doubt it Tommy 1114 at W. I. O. D. The Starlines wait nine years star I. O. D. We got a call from Chicago
Yeah, are you doing?
We got a call from Chicago, but he don't have a phone. Yeah, yeah
What were you talking and do like the waist-past it?
From what I was talking to some chick for about three hours straight boy?
I'm looking at it right now. Is there somebody else on his phone now?
Hey, yeah, the big man from the sun who I
You can't you can't talk call long distance and have somebody on it a con that's it get him off of there
Tom to go a good busy or something. He's going the way out. Yeah, I can see really from here Neil great
We're going to the Dodger game great three 20 our time this afternoon 220 central daylight time. Yeah, Eddie. Mo's God Neil
Yeah, right God my grace can't hold his jack strap who?
Yeah, yeah, you'll be sorry sir. You saw you said these things. Hey, we're sure already punishing you taking your voice away
Wait to see what he takes away next. Hey Neil listen
Can you give me a favor who's pitching today?
Scanlon you're very nice. Oh shot. Boskey's pitching a against. He's pretty hot right? Boskey's pitching against
Hey, boss. Boskey has a turbo. What?
Boskey first Morgan. Oh Morgan. Yeah, Eddie Morgan. He used to drive it Vernon down. Yeah
Boskey's gonna win you as a bigger turbo collector. Yeah
Neil yeah
You back on the speaker phone could you play that the Kennedy bit no
1116 at WIOD that's like five this week from out of time that we just finally had to a blow off
They're just so bad. We have an open line in day 751 and one and brownered 524 WIOD south Miami
Hey, what's the deal with the calls today? Well the worst we started out with a sizzling 40 minutes and then all of a sudden
They read out of material. Yeah, the use handles out of state calls. They were good. That's right
That was the only hope we had we see a call from Chicago or Cleveland or something and say hey
Here's somebody's got something to say guess what not anymore. Nothing. They've run the well as run dry sir
Well only the good I guess it doesn't really last that long. Yeah, like this call right that basically this call is going down here
Okay 29 after 11 at WIOD
We have an open line in the star line at star IOD who are these these people out on work release that are standing in there now
Like staring there's nothing like sitting in a fish pool and having people staring in like with that with kind of like a
Weary look under for you like what is that what the hell is he talking about is that asshole really on the air and stuff like that
Yes, we're really on the air. Okay, it is amazing, but it's on here almost
Miami. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
Get a picture of a 1992 prototype bet
A while back. Yeah, right
Well, listen, I got some great facts. Nice seeing you folks have a wonderful trip. Okay. I'm sure they'll put you back in
On Monday. Now what is it? Huh?
What do you talk about? I'm telling these people who were just standing in here peering in here staring at me these
Geeks that winner
Hey, well, I haven't been the same since Paul Harvey Jr
I wasn't on the phone there
You can't you can't even count on the old reliable's they're now unreliable sir. You know what I'm saying? They're all dead
Yeah, we do have a couple of beautiful peaches that look like a pair and I a one they felt like a pair
But look like a peach. Come on. Let's go now. What is it? No, I'm just gonna fact some pictures here that I want you to look at sort of something
Along the lines like I gave you last year
And you want to wait my friend wants to talk there. Oh, jeez
You just have these pictures given to Rick and Suz it's about to catch
You know a cat problem. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Oh, you know if you could just pass us along. I'll pass them
We'll do that. Okay. Appreciate talking to Neil. See you. Bye.
Wow, man. What what what what do we do? We ran into a brick wall
I have never we were just smoking and I guess we ran out
I am just in shock
We have an open line of date County listen you can be another one of the dead heads that they got nothing to say man
They have no material you can't complain about their material today because they don't have any none
Zipini doda
God almighty. I had a fact this morning and I forgot to mention it for obvious reasons
From a lady in deer field who says please talk about the Bufo frogs and tiny some more
Too bad you can't keep the set cat sound sustained like you can with CDs you make my life great from 10 to 2 lady in deer field beach
I think she's right. We ought to talk a lot more about frogs and tiny or tiny frogs or tiny bubbles or something
Man oh man. I mean just absolutely. I'm ready to fall asleep from these calls
I love my scotch
Yep, I want you to elect me
I'll grab your cross
Like a panicked Kennedy
I might not use a cues
The bisexual the foul play my dad's white girl drunk across three lanes of the expressway
Well the cops would cost up to anybody else
When I get a trouble, but I use my well
And I don't care about
Anybody else. Oh no
I'm back to the fridge now senator
Now bridge up for somebody say bridge
You're the one that keeps making power
Hey even though I misuse my ties
I helped John Jr. he couldn't pass the bar
Is that again to neither can I
Well the cops would defust anybody else
When I get in trouble left it I use my well
Because I don't care about you anybody else. Oh no. Oh no. No. No. No. Left to hi there up the officer
It's good to see you again. That's how was your family. Let me write you a personal check right now
Appreciate that it was a quiet death a family weekend. Anyone see my handsome
What I do with that card. He said there's another cut on it. It's almost intelligible
Hi
Oh, yeah, I like that one
W.I. Would he let's adopt this much we all call have a great live baby. What do you mean? Don't dump me? Why not?
Because I got an important stuff to tell you I got spyry
Well, why didn't you do that when you were on the phone?
You rush me. You rush me. No, I did not rush you you said put me on hold so I can hear what's going on
Well, that was good. I enjoyed that
Yeah
The news coming up or no we don't have the news coming up. We got 80,000 other callers waiting
I'm lying. We're going to get the well. How did we find one pretty soon?
Hey, well you figure out 80,000 is at least three good. Come on. Come on get to it. Okay already already
I was up here and I went over to Washington DC. Yeah, and I went by the museum the Smithsonian and they had this
Display where you can put up messages. Yeah, and what message had somebody put up right on there in the Smithsonian
How many you want me to make a guess? No, I don't think you get it. No, I think I will wait a minute. Let me just just second
Sometimes I got to find a right okay. Here's my guess. Are you ready? Sure
Okay, here it is. I'm dying over here. That was close. What is it?
Bloodload really can you believe that in the sure I can do it. That's our crowd
But that's just like a DC spy report. Okay. Have a great life. Hey, don't forget Dave is a douchebag later
Oh, man. Don't put any more out of town calls on or any in town calls
1141 only shipped to shores
655 W.I.D. got a heavy heavy box. This must be the cigars from Alam constantly sucking around Goldstein
What does he want? What does he want?
He's starting to get out my nerves now. He's a good guy and all of that. He's fat. Not as bad as he used to be but he's just
Oh, man such a chronic and he's got rick and suds over at the house and Steve arena over at the house. He just
Got more money than God. I just don't think he knows how to enjoy it now that they took his Cheerios away from him
I don't even want good cigars. I like cheap cigars that you hack and cough and choke and get the deadly diseases from
Oh, man. Look at this George is excited about it because he's he's pretty he's in a crappy mood today's gonna be at a six o'clock
You don't have to be here Marvin's working Alex. Oh Alex's working boy. He'll screw that you up good
At a boy Alex. I'll give you all the information out of doing 1151 at W.I.D. for the good news and the bad news about Al Goldstein cigars
The good news is there's this huge box. I've never seen a cigar box this big 75
Dunhill aids cigars from the Dominican Republic the bad news is
It's like smoking the arm of a wooden antique chair. I mean they just absolutely
dry and tasteless so when it says aids cigars
I wonder what century they were from and where they were aged and ever and not in addition to that
Of course, you got a poke a little hole in the end before you start puffing on them too
Well boy Al thank you so much, but these are just tasteless bland
And you got to suck on them so hard. It's like it's like smoking
Parliaments or parliament lights
God
Hmm, these are the I hate to say it because is that tacky to do that if somebody sends you a gift and you said really sucks
But see when somebody is sucking around big time like that if you could I would have much rather had like a
dozen good ones, you know what I'm saying then 7000
Wait, I want you to try one of these and see if it's just me. I mean these I've got if these aren't the worst
I'd rather have some old Dutch masters right out of
Accords that have been sitting there for two years. They're like a brick. I'd rather have that these are
Sorry, oh, you're still a great guy, but your taste in cigars is a week
Oh, we have a fake old lady in Pembroke pines
Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, it's me. Yo, I'm uh, it's who I'm a brown boy
You know me. Uh-huh. Yeah, I have my FCC license in my right hand. What should I do with it? Yeah stick it in your left hand and put it where the moon don't shine
Okay, we usually don't make requests from inside the building, but we had a special dedication
No, this is for you honey
That lunch dog without all cutting
Oh
Well, I was driving down 95 the other night
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad
So I wrote a song about him instead
It goes like this
We're in asshole or did you work it your whole life
Either way
Because you're an asshole tonight
Yes, you're an a ss. So Ellie and don't you try to blame it on me
You these are all the credit you're an asshole tonight
You're an asshole yesterday
You're an asshole tonight
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life
Oh
That was talking to your mother
Just the other night
I told her I thought you were an asshole she said yes, I think you're right
And all your friends are assholes because you know that your whole life
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life
I
Oh
Or did you work it your whole life
Either way
Because you're an ass
Unbelieveable hold tonight
Oh
Okay, a little dedication for nildo who probably too busy eating to hear it
It's 1209 at WIO day and I just don't understand anything now you haven't lit up that cigar yet
Get with it
Get with it. I want the world to realize that I'm not just trying to be a heart ace here or ungrateful
I mean if these were even mildly interesting amusing or useful for something
I guess they are if you have an elephant
But boy these are just horrendous Al
Hollywood hello, yes sir. Hey Neil. Yeah, I
I used to listen to you in high school and now I'm at gamesville yeah, I'm down for the summer and I wouldn't go back anytime soon
Yeah, I know this is it's crazy up there. Yeah, they thought they had a guy and
Obviously if someone else is crazy too, but
Or there or there's more than one. Yeah, yeah, I wanted to ask you a question
I used to listen you had this guy on the bird. Oh history. Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering what happened to him. He laid a gigantic egg, sir
Okay, yeah, we sent him off to El Cali's working at the you float him
Yeah, but you know the good news though what because this will probably ring a bell inside your body when you hear this even though the body is gone
Wait a minute the mammary lingers on
Feel better now. Yeah, Tim. Yeah, that's it
Yeah, there you go. I want to ask you another question. I was driving up the school. Just pull a questions today a little inquisitive
A calling that's good. We like that. We like people who are inquisitive. Yeah, I'm in college still my brain still works still learning something or
alleged. Yeah, well I was uh turn it up the volume yesterday and I'm accidentally pushed the scan button and it went to
640 on the dial which is it's like W bigot or something. I couldn't believe it. I thought it was like one of your little
bits, you know, it was this guy going
This man has been afflicted with this homosexual
Anti-Christian scourge or something like that. I couldn't believe it and then then I said wait this guy's trying to raise money for this
And do you know anything about that? No really? Where can I contribute?
What a six 40. Yeah, it's like some
Christian station and the guys like oh
He was probably another one of those good Christians trying to help everyone along in life trying to drag them out of all of their problems
And make them an offer they can't refuse or else that's great. Yeah, I think he's related to Jim Baker. Could be
Yeah
Yeah, um, one more one last question probably related to Joe McCarthy. Yes, sir
Um, what do you think of Spike Lee? I mean that new jungle fever move that movie he just made uh is out now
Not my cup of tea sir is the queen would say and not my cup of tea. Yeah to reach its own but not my thing
You got your thing and I got my thing. You know how it goes
Well, listen have a great time and uh
Just when you go back this fall go real slow, you know like one step at a time and then by the time you get there
Maybe something will happen okay, okay hang in there sound kind of depressed and me
12 minutes past noon at wiod we have an open line and brown or we got a caller in New York
You're in New York you're in New York. I'm a New York on business. Did you call us on our dime? My dime. Oh geez. I got to do a break now
I just want to ask you a quick question. Okay. You know when the actors and actresses are on TV and they have reruns they get paid for it
Yes, well, I'm suggesting some games shows do they get double pay no, okay, thanks very much. Okay
Oh god
From New York he wasn't from New York was he might have been
You
It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street
See them on the sidewalk. Oh here them shopping feet
That's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the native
Step aside good people let the assholes
We got the assholes freedom
The assholes for Jesus the assholes for guns
Assholes for justice
Assholes for crime
Assholes for assholes
Assholes all time
We got assholes making money
They're making all the rules
Taking all our jobs
Feeling a far school assholes on the water assholes in the sky
Sign the Central wanted only assholes need to fly
Oh teach you won't you tell me
I really made the grave
My head my class or am I just another asshole on the grave
Oh
Assholes get the orders and assholes wrote a boat
Assholes get elected because assholes get to float
I once turned it firm that all that's all never died
They just lay in bed and mouthed fly
Assholes in the morning
Assholes every night
Assholes to land and assholes to the grave
That's 20,000 assholes and assholes from the native
Step aside good people let the assholes operate
Okay
Okay, like I said it sure feels some good time it was good for you was good for me 1248 at WIOD
We lost some calls during that period of time, but you know something that's the brain now
We're up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand
Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he writes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of let's come start again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
You see when you come out of those uptempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions
And then you got to go into somebody dying
You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what the hell they do it for
But damn it if we can't come out of a slow record. I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a being uptempo record every time I do a damn deaf dedication
Now make it and they also want to know what happened to the pictures. I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up camp or I got to talk about a control dying
Well, it's just in ponderous man ponderous and ponderous
Well, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiot
1257 58 boiler that time is flying at WIOD now here's Neil Rogers a news doc radio 610 WIOD
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers
It's a one to two hour
Oh
Well, I'm the type of guy who will never settle down where pretty girls are
Well, you know that I'm around
I kiss a man. I love him first to be there all the same. I get so washed on him and I don't even know their names
Because I'm a philanderer. Yes, a philanderer. I sleep around around around around around
Well, my views are on the left. God of them born the right
Only God will know where I'll be passing out tonight
And if you want to ask me which girl I love the best
I'll tear open my shirt cut mother rosy on my chest because I'm a philanderer
Yes, a philanderer. I see for round around around around around
Well, my bones been all around
I put sharp and lots of flair
And you know I've stood so many girls
Did I make very hard look like some kind of a queer?
We are the type of guy he likes to roam around
I've never been one place
I roam from town to town
And when I find myself going for some girl
I hop right in that car of mine and I take a poor world
Desire of opportunity
Yes, I'm the entity
The cost is round and round and round and round and round
What if he knows the old bridge tender?
Think so
It's a 108
See it would have been a lot better if I was prepared but you know when your mind is starting to slow down
I wonder if he knows the old bridge tender
Stupid stupid stupid idiot
See that would have been better but
I just wasn't prepared. I'll write it's Friday. What the hell do you want six five five W.I.O.D
There's an open line in Palm Beach
But they're all probably busy up there hanging around a compound waiting to see what kind of scandal we can stir up for this weekend
This is down broke shot in New York the national organization for women celebrates its 25th anniversary this year
With a one hour special on the lifetime cable network
And tonight almost a special report on the remarkable progress now has made an ending discrimination
Against chicks babes and other skirts no matter how ugly or fat they are
I'm time broke shot
See you tonight
You're really something one 15 at W.I.O.D. and don't forget the guys out at land us this afternoon man
They're gonna be doing it
They're dropping Marvin from 600 yards up in here stark naked into a two-foot pond
Pompano on the star line
Right now yes sir
The big you did with the old guy on the intercourse the little uh with the bridges can you play that for us? No
117 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in the star line at star i.o.D. and as soon as he said that somebody dropped off in
Broward night o' blame them at 524 W.I.O.D. Miami Springs. I ain't doing nil. Okay
Listen those those cigars you're smoking uh they taste as good as your weiner on a bad day. Yeah
I asked your Meyer we were chocolate or cream on it
Oscar Meyer Oscar Meyer
What can we do for you sir is that the extent of your repertoire? Yeah, that's it boy
Okay
Here's the guy who's a real optimist he went out to do that measuring thing that I was talking about last hour went to the hardware store
About a yardstick we have an open line in date county 751 9463 mini apple this
and yeah
I'm the clearest today the one I was a clearest today. Oh good well it was nice talking to you
One open line in date like I said a one in Broward 524 did he call collect
So in other words he really is he's making the rounds huh? We better start sending alerts out by facts
All major cities around the country that this uh jackball is uh going around what an idiot
I
Don't understand it. We used to get the best calls of all interesting people would be out of town
Now even the idiots so that goes to show you even the morons can't handle it here. They're going around
Doing their thing they harbor nail how you doing buddy. Okay pal. Hey, I have a belated Joey Reynolds by report
Oh, boy. This isn't about super sure for us because that's old news
No, it's about two weeks ago. I was at ocean walk and they were having a professional wrestling deal there
Mm-hmm on a sunday
And uh, I took the wife there. She was disgusted by the whole deal
And who comes walking by in his biker shorts with the most disgusting body on the face of the earth
But old mr. Sourpuss himself old Joey. I have my nose up meals. Ask
Wow keep it somewhere hide that face. Hi, he was rear. What was he doing there?
He was uh with that guy that guy uh bill Marshall no idea whether I wish it was that guy Lou uh
Whatever's name was the beach guy that used to call oh no the guy used to do the weather report
They used to be the only color they had for an hour or the solo flex spot is on now. I feel better
I'll call about that was just terminal. I you know what that was almost as bad as but not even close
Huh the moon scope guy on Rick and sud you know, I love them. I love their show. It's great
But that man is so terminal
He could put all the Mexican jumping beans in Mexico to sleep in three seconds
He was
Terminal Blue Jaguar that way. Yeah, that's the guy used to call up with a beach weather report terminal
That's well. What's one of Joey's friend? It in Joey. He looked as disgusting as everything
Well the guy is something's wrong with him his body. It's just I don't know
He's been dead for 20 years. Nobody bother to tell him when is he starting on super-surfed?
Like a sandwich board telling everybody to be sure to listen. Yeah, he and boom boom together, right boy
Yeah, that's true. He's alleged. Wow. Who knows? Yo, can I ask you to do me a big big big favor?
It's not a request. It says
suggestion no, it's not it's a request. Why don't you admit it? Okay, but it's good. I'm just been inundated
I feel I feel like a like a squeezed out dish rag here. They like a limp sponge
Okay, but I promise it's gonna be something different. I'm used and abused
Okay, they'll have been had. Yes. It's the Alex Bennett Steve Kane altercation
Do you have that? Oh
God, and I'm just into a break now here
I'm starting to see this is the time of the day. I started putting carts away
I don't start yanking them out. I haven't heard that maybe six seven months. Well, I got it here for you
Okay, I got it because you're so you sound so depressed and so despotted like you're gonna slit your wrist if I don't do it and
Putt loads there butt mode back on you
We'll do it eventually here in a second one while 121 and WIOD we have an open line in date at 751
Joey is slim 751 WIOD, but first we'd like to tell you in fact
You want to keep Joey out of your house or business get a great system from IDS and Trudor detection systems
Inc. In fact, I think they got a special little chip they put in there
And if Joey is like within 15 blocks in a direction the thing goes crazy and just starts screaming and carrying on
It's a better you there. Yes, Mr. Kane. Hi. I wanted to explain express my displeasure
It's uh you announcing over here. I've been killed in an auto action
I have friends and family down there that were deeply upset and one would think that even a talk show host
If your caliber would have more judgment than to do something like that not really now
I was I got some wrong in which made it I was believed I got wrong information Steve
He said it was only for you were believed but I speak to the an A3 as vain. I mean do you have any idea what it's like?
I don't pull your watch show crap on these games
Not get off. This is you know, not what are not coffee talk show crap
This is a talk show crap
What do you mean Mr. Bennett? I do not approve of this
Hmm
Well, I can only tell you that it's kind of a stupid thing
No, no, no, because of the way you do the way you know you know you know why
You know what I want to see?
It was that tasteless way in which you begged me at the neutral system thing and not even knowing why I was very ill
The referee in the same room
I wonder what why I say when you ran out with some phoney story that you wouldn't be able to get
Was no phone a crash or a traffic. Uh, no phoney story. They were having that
That's that's a mile and a half a horrible art
You know, I was gonna throw it on even though the paper appears that nobody could get to their house that day
Huh what never mind anyway Alex, you know, I'm doing they count it
I don't know the rules well on but to do something like that is really well, but don't back
Well, don't back me when I'm not there. Don't talk behind my back
Well, I don't know the beauty of telling in New York. You'll run it's trying screw me over Mr. Bennett
You you don't need anybody to help you
You don't need a little person
But you know you can say whatever you want to say and you can talk behind my back
We don't have more concern for the feelings of people
Wonder you know, I have family in the air the decision like that you dumb jerk
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth in
127 by the way, I got some exciting news and we haven't even mentioned this yet. W.I.O.D. starting on Monday
We're gonna be building repeater stations every 10 blocks to make sure that everybody can hear our signal
So like we're starting up on the quarter of biscayne and 82nd
And we're gonna have like a little tower on top of each roof like all the way up to um Jacksonville
And then all the way down to Key West every 10 blocks just to make sure we can goose up our signal
It's a 127 a W I O D. Alex is in a building did not get his hair cut and everybody is just a laugh in their ass off
What what are you thinking about oh he's got a Yankee shirt out to well. I'll explain it
West Palm Beach. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay
First of all I gotta call Scott up there in West Palm. No, that's at the end. Uh, well. Where's the start off good?
Okay, let's get it out of the way right off the bed. Scott's a douche kid. Okay
That's a variation of it
I'm amazing on cars. No so much about very little bit
That's a bad boy thing. That's a surfer thing isn't it?
Well wait a minute don't say that you know what that's like saying that's like my saying to you the president is George Bush isn't it
Well, I mean pretty good when you when you first be rate the other callers for being dodo birds and then you say it's a surfer thing isn't it?
Well, I thought you would know as well. I thought you was like what the hell do I know about that crap all I know is the more a boogie's
Board spot. That's all I know about surfing. All right. Well, it is that's where it is. It's a surfer thing. Is it a surfer thing Alex?
Bad boys
He don't know, buddy. He's got a pony. Oh, Timber three. Yeah
They did that song
Future so bright. I got to wear shades a couple years back tonight. They did what?
The future so bright. I got to wear shade beats me. I don't know anything
Well, I'm trying to educate you a little bit. Oh, that's good. So we got the surfer thing and
In that in our guys measure it. Okay
And got your douche kid. Okay. All right. See you
Wow
129 all guys measure it. How about you Alex ever measure it?
Not gay. You're so full of crap. Come on. Get out of here
First thing he said when he came in this morning was take me to your ruler. Yeah, down to his ankle, huh
Well, he just came from the bar. He went into Taiwan on we have an open line in Palm Beach
559463. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
How are you this day? I'm doing pretty well considering we only have 30 minutes and 46 seconds left out that I'm counting
Well, I don't blame you. I wanted to bring up a subject concerning physicians and
How they are investing in diagnostic centers that they
buy stock in
Then yeah, well, that's great. That's right up our alley and then send patients for diagnostic tests that aren't necessary
As if they're not making enough money for the procedures. If you look at the cost of procedures in the United States versus Canada, they're almost tripled
You
So much. Yeah
That's it, Neil. Thanks a lot
Have a great life you too
You too hate you too. That's gotta be the worst then he's the only guy. I know it likes you too the crappiest
I was like a bagpipe music ba-ling
It's horrible. You like you too? Yeah, even Alex don't like them and he that's right up his alley should be he hates him
He's into like
He likes a deaf leopard stuff like that real crap, you know, he's like a punk. It's a schmuck. He'll grow up someday
Alex is gonna be running the board this afternoon by the way Marvin's out there doing it in the Georgia
So George is in love with Alex today only because the George don't have to hang around he'll six o'clock
He said thank God for Alex. He's been saying that all day
We might even give you one of these great cigars to sit on
130 at W.I.O.D. Hollywood
Yeah, Neil how you doing? His eyes lit up like a Hanukkah bush when I said that. I'm doing okay
What's going on in this town? I don't know here. All the even the losers are out of town as you can tell by these out of town
Caused we've been getting everybody's left. It's like a ghost town. It's like a waste vast land
Like the last little
Fanny I had was like the escape go going down to the keys, you know
It's the only place I get way way far as long as it's gone in this town
And I just wanted to tell you I went down there last week, you know, I put the old fish in pole over the bridge
Yeah
Oh, listen, I got a better one than that even though that's just a joke. Let me tell you something
Listen, listen to me the other Wednesday night. I listen to me. I'm listening. You got to clear it out now
Well, yeah, okay, listen
I go to poppano to the track Wednesday night
So I stop there's a um in a mirror first uh honor, you know 24 hour
ATM thing there to get some cash out on the honor card. Yeah
This is in poppano beach right across from the racetrack
And you look on the thing and you put your card in and the first thing that comes up you want the transaction in English or Spanish
This is in poppano beach, Florida
But it's like it's like the other time
That would be like going getting lost in Columbia, South Carolina is somewhere
Going to a bank to an ATM to get a couple hundred bucks out to get your car towed away
And the things as you wanted in English or Spanish
I
Think we've got a silent take over here in Georgian Alex are both smiling about it. I just I think they're in on it
It's just inconceivable for me to realize that the keys are only 200 miles from here and there's such difference in life
Yeah, it's just scary
Well, sometimes I feel that life is passing us by you know what I mean
Been passed that a lot time now. Okay. Take care. Oh, do we do have a y100 story?
Absolutely. Well, thank god. It's just a publicity stunt
There's nothing to it. Oh
I want to tell you something I to me that is when I first heard it across the back of my mind
And I thought nah that couldn't be yep
They said they have to clean up their image or change their image and there's gonna be a big
Add in sundays paper
And they're doing this just a college entrance that is the lamest crap when any station is that desperate to pull a publicity stunt
It's like when uh
You know, they pull somebody off the air and then the audience is all calling in big. What did you hear about this Johnny dork?
This is a mr
Fowler junior on the phone with a report
That the a y100 thing allegedly about the morning guys being the act off was just a publicity stunt
All right, I'm gonna have a big thing. Yeah, and that oh man you to that is the lowest and and all they do is lose respect of the whole audience by
Doing that I mean even the punk kids who listen to that thing are gonna be just barfing all over each other
And everybody's calling up crying yesterday. Oh, no, no change. Don't listen
Oh, man, why 100 is out. I want you to spread the word. That's perpetrating a hoax exactly. It's a hoax and a farce and
The hell with them. Yeah, we're gonna send him all these cigars too. They deserve it
Thank you, sir. You bet. Bye boy. One more thing. Yes
Like to call Arnold Lambert a giant keeping
festering douchebag, but then again, so would everybody else unbelievable
Keep the pace see you
Debbie Ellis look at that a monster in the Nashville. She's big at Asheville
In fact when I first took that picture somebody said that to me and a male is an ad for WLAC
Do you think and I thought she was wearing a momo and then I realized those with the sounds coming from the picture
Do you think 50,000 Watts is enough for well? I don't know. I think she's sitting on each one of them
Yeah, in fact the ad says she covers the Midwest and they're not talking about that signal either
So it's a big hoax at Y100. It's just another big publicity stud another one of these phony baloney deals to get the audience
whining and build up their sympathy and on
Oh, that's that's the lowest. I mean there are a lot of that's even worse than contrived controversy
That's just the worst kind of crap and to me it smells of desperation. Yeah, there's an aroma
That shows no respect for your list. There's an aroma coming from
100.7 out of my FM dial and says L stinko, which I think is the name of these cigars
No snapple by the way. I think next week we better straighten the interact out you realize that because I'm getting as angry as you are and I'm not even a freeloader
But
