Who's Doc waiting?
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dioz, 751 WIOD from day out in Broward at 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code, soul free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News.radio.
610 WIOD.
Mayor.
Mayor.
Election come not in one round.
Is the night something six o'clock news?
Election come not in one round.
Is the day time a pressing in the blues?
Election come not in one round.
Olegat the show is a bunch of losers.
Election come not in one round.
Like a little big cello from Massachusetts.
Election come not in one round.
There we go.
There we go.
Election come not in one round.
There we go.
Election come not in one round.
Because in a moon divinance and a tapah.
There we go.
There we go.
There we go.
And we'll see you on the next day.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
We're happy Thanksgiving and all that good stuff that we're supposed to say while you're
out there filling your fat faces and we're sitting here working.
What are we doing here today?
Excellent question.
However, today's the day everybody get their tape South, get your cassettes out, we're
playing the rack, we're playing a crepitation contest, we're playing 8,000 things that you
haven't heard of a long time and some of you heard too much.
By the way, special happy Thanksgiving to Donnie Harmon over at Humana Hospital maybe,
or maybe at home by now we hope, bad spill at Pompato Park last night and looked a lot
worse than I was thank goodness so he's going to be just fine.
But anyway, Sammy still sucks.
By the way, now, stop going, we'll get to you when we're good, man.
I know I did not see.
I'm not going to stop here, not much to look at, but I ain't looking for his mail to
salute you, ma.
Because that's all I'm a little too close.
Because now it's just a little too long.
But Rob is rolling.
I will be rolling.
Rob is here.
He's got a really big shower truss.
Rob is here.
He's got a really big shower truss.
Rob is here.
He's got a really big shower truss.
Rob is here.
He's got a really big shower truss.
Rob is here.
He's got a really big shower truss.
He's got a really big shower truss.
He's got a really big shower truss.
I'm feeling full all.
He's got a really big shower truss.
He's got a really big shower truss.
He's got a really big shower truss.
Really full all.
1717 at the W.I.D. The Not Flaming ladies on the phone. Happy Turkey to you. Happy Turkey to you too. No not flaming today. Oh really?
Boy am I glad I got you. Please don't pay the F word.
You know, for Diamond just wasn't my style. So I began working nag sound here as a janitor in the solar office building.
Just a few visitors I guess. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose.
I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose
I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose
I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose. I suppose
I suppose. I suppose.
Quite something. Yes, Michael. Once.
Bartles and Rick James.
Bartles and Rick James.
Coolers. Okay, Michael.
Okay, put you up a little bit and have a great holiday.
Bye.
Okay.
Boy, what the hell are we doing here?
That guy, yeah, anyway, he's at stake.
Step in.
Before the tea goes down, it's very old and it will be Jack Street
meets the Sherwood Sherwood.
It can only mean what they know.
Good boy. Then the Robin's cool, then.
Why, why, Tommy?
And Robin.
How about Sharon, some of Made Mariam's booties?
With my father.
I say, Maggie, you win today.
I'm good.
Yo, Holmes. Let's board.
Yeah, Maggie, just tell me.
I'll tell you about that.
I'm not bad.
Got a fly to Nottingham Castle.
Now the different game is going down.
Where's your lover?
The boy.
The boy.
Where the tea is not alive, Jack, you're not alive.
I saw what's born in the 50s.
About the family's though why?
The wee ones will laugh forever.
So you can watch the show every night.
Leave it to be the day.
And the morning, be the everyday of the week.
Be the day while it's coming little brothers of the week.
Lord does clap for a living.
But you wear pearls every day.
When they want to make a movie,
Guess who gets in the way they're to be the day.
And the badger's be the old food of play.
Steve, God's nothing to be the God with whom you're afraid.
Now we can't stand any hassle.
He's always telling those lies.
When he answers the kitten,
He says, Mrs. Cleaver,
You have not needed to be the God.
On the cable, be the only you wait.
Steve, you can avoid it.
Beaver's like taxes and death.
It's always be the God.
And the morning, be the old food of night.
Let's use the beaver.
Hello, I'm Frank Bartles.
And this year's my partner, James Brown.
As the weather starts getting too hot,
We hope you will reach for one of these.
New Bartles and James Brown wine cooler.
They come in three funky flavors.
Gravity great,
primal fashion fruit,
and my personal favorite, papaya.
Papaya's got a very little baby.
It'll get you all faster than a big city lawyer.
And a single pack serves six to ten.
Just like James.
New Bartles and James Brown wine coolers.
The cooler, made in the cooler.
Now the harm bars everywhere.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good point.
1036 at W.Y.
There you go, Michael.
Have a great Thanksgiving.
Don't ever do that again.
Now those of you who are always bugging us for that
Cremitation contest, I'm playing at this hour.
It about 1040 something in just a few minutes.
So get your cassettes out and don't just drive me nuts.
When these people send me cassettes in the mail,
how could you please dab this?
How could you please dab that?
Like I got nothing else to do.
Exactly.
Your number one.
That's what George said.
Dub this.
Dub this.
Right.
You got some hootspa.
But, you know, I'm a wish we had somebody here, like full time,
just to be dubbing stuff from the audience, right?
Wouldn't that be great?
Just a dubber.
Maybe somebody like to come here and be the dubber.
But anyway, we just don't have the ability to do that.
So you should be taping today like crazy,
because we're playing just tons of stuff today.
In lieu of sitting here and trying to do a real show on Thanksgiving day.
We want you to sit back and have a few appetizers now,
and just stuff and cram all that crap down your throat
until you puke all over the place,
and then you start all over again.
Like the Romans used to do.
Just get a bucket and have about six, seven sittings today,
which has already got two lined up,
and I'm sure that toward the end of the day
I'll probably find a third at least,
at the very least, knowing him.
For like, when you got a cavity, that big to fill.
That's what that Dennis said.
Anyway, it's 23 to 11 at WIOD,
and I don't know if we should do one of these or not, huh?
WIOD?
Um, yeah.
Do you know where's Neil?
Do I know what?
Yeah, hang on just like...
Do I?
Yes.
I thought Neil Rogers...
Who's this?
I thought Neil Rogers...
Who's this?
It's his head.
Head?
Yeah, for my earring.
Oh, how you doing, Ed?
Great.
This is Neil.
Oh, Neil, it's up.
Here's some collagen.
That's great, Ed.
Sounds like you're having a little holiday party there, Ed.
Yeah.
Great.
What's happening?
We're doing it.
Why did Mickey work on Thanksgiving?
Because there are a bunch of assholes, Ed.
Is that a good answer for you?
I know, they are.
A bunch of heartless, sadistic slime balls.
Hey, it's time for a revolution.
Yeah.
Do you take over the government?
All right.
Give back to people.
Okay, you go first, Ed.
And we'll follow you.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Okay.
22 to 11 at WIOD, they're already in the bag at Ed's house,
boy, they're doing it.
Supposed to put the turkey in the bag, okay?
And stick that baby in the oven.
And maybe the turkey, too.
But we better do this stuff because we've got to get way ahead of
ourselves because the worst thing that could happen is for us to run
over into the important 11 o'clock news.
What is this crap that ESPN has got?
This is an old one.
Look at that.
And it's like off-speed and everything.
What is this?
Well, these must be old goofball stuff.
Anyway, when we ought to turn the audio up and just put it on here,
I can't believe that they're going to play tapes between four and six.
Are they actually going to stay here while that's going on
and do their spots and stuff or they just take it off?
During this break, check the log, George, between four and six.
I wouldn't be surprised if they like take the spots like a mini vacation.
Huh?
You see between four and six.
Are there some live ones on there?
Between four and six, there must be.
We've got all this big stuff going on.
We've got more spots than we know what to do with.
We've got Brands Marta Course this weekend.
Huh, yeah.
They can't leave.
Between four and six, I think Marvel is just enough.
Huh?
They'll cut them up.
I'll screw them.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
21.11.
55.11.
21.11.
21.ндianspeg.
21. Sachearnos.
21. Sachearnos.
21. mailbox.
21. обще 19peg.
21.
They're Racken-Bullwinkle, Saturday morning on New Calonan.
Dear Alcalera and Little Tommy, lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest.
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that we've just waved through the traffic
in Lake Forest only to be splattered by a Northwestern train.
Well, as similar as it happened about a week ago involving a squirrel, my friend and I were
on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying
to weave its way across the traffic on Western Avenue.
We went a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across
the street.
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because his mouth was really
stuffed with nuts from the park.
Oh, luckily though the squirrel's camphor to cross traffic and my friend and I were relieved
that he was safe.
Suddenly, two girls were on a bike ride.
Appeared along the side of the street, they were really flying when the confused squirrel
jumped into their path.
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got
caught up with his boat.
Oh, yeah.
Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flown on
the grass.
To our surprise that Dave's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away, apparently okay.
Oh, good.
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel.
Luckily, he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his name.
No.
That's right.
Let me 28 at WIOD.
What a great day, huh?
To sit back, play the carts, play the rack, our Camolis House total $37,456 and our goal
is to get up over 40 by the end of this weekend and then we'll really be on a good start.
No, no luck, huh George?
Lost your touch.
Well, what can I say?
Touch this.
Well, let's just take one or two of these because you're one of the things.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, man.
Look at that mess.
I don't want you to feel better but you're personally responsible for what just happened.
You know my father won't do that.
Well, it's for sure.
I've got to go to the best of hustle and I'm starting to feel he.
I've finally got to see people.
Check it out my buttons, I see.
Yeah, I've got to first cast you either.
It's on pitch to 10, my jeans.
They'll fall in the woods.
I'm finding it impossible to see you.
I'm falling in the woods.
I feel like I'm at school now, I'm real.
Oh, the ghost is on it.
He was falling for you.
You're up in the cage, the space is on.
You can see what he would do.
This is pain to be with.
I think he's ready for a fool.
There's a pretty little ghost waiting for a ghost.
That in the jungle room.
We're falling for it isn't there, man.
It's really impossible to see you.
We're falling for it isn't there, man.
I feel like I'm at school now, I'm real.
He's falling for it isn't there, man.
I'm also falling for it isn't there, man.
I'm falling for it isn't there, man.
I'm being right in that blue house.
You can fall.
Man's terrible, man's a smile.
I'm falling for it isn't there, man.
Yeah.
It's getting us over the first time.
Exactly.
The massacre and the wiped it.
All these demons, or these搞 our build won't measure.
Okay, let me thirty four now. Did that do it for you sir?
That was great. I mean like that for quick service, huh?
All right. Even a fast food joint, something for service like that. We even played the right
cards. They don't matter to you, but you bet. Have a great day, man. Can I tell my brother
my cousin was done there that they're a couple of these bags? Yes, sir. I still love them.
And we second that emotion. Okay. See you. There you go. Give the governor a big kiss right
on his approach. Hey, don't forget Brandsmart USA just opened yesterday's a matter of fact that
Brands. All right. This is she Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
A chicken from a one out when Dr. Wendy gave me by the crew. He rested as he went along with
him. I want to look at him in the eyes of what the society dreaded. Ghost chickens in the sky.
The farmer has been chickened until his twenty four. Working for the car.
All for thirty years or more. Just kill your chickens and sending them to fry. Now they might
be there. Ghost chickens in the sky.
The people like the shaniere as a burning raider. They had no meat or feather. They're
chicken. We're dead. They picked the farmer up and he died by the claw. They cooked a
lot. They're looking for a fried once that he's our only unique son. I am designer.
Shoffe begins and I have a new fragrance. So all the one you need practically announces it's
a tool. Yes. She who smiled it. That's it. Who is a man in English?
I can't do something. I'm starting to feel. I'm getting the oven and beating out of
feeling all right. We're on the moon. The cookie is a matter of
the circle. Right.
I'm in the last of time. I'm in the last of time. The night before the
was evening.
All the
The greatest world
When we love human scenery
It's a man
He borderおァ
Oh
Dew
Come
Wow
Oh
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
You don't have parents.
You don't have parents.
You don't have parents.
You don't have parents.
Your wife has.
You don't have parents.
Your wife has.
Your wife has.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Do you still blame me for the reason more?
So 먹고.
You're the boy I'd call you
If you wanna come and take you to all the main cause this way, don't we expect?
J.A.R.L.E. with the lady in the hole
I'm fading into my space
It's the heat of the cold world for you
No, you're not doing nothing
You can't go up with a fact that you're playing like
And I'm the path of the way I lead
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying
This story is about some beach in the world
Uncle Teddine, throwing some boxer shorts
Let's cruise on bar and rage with some fame
Excellent
Power and money
Women
That's cool and gay
Uncle Teddine, let's use our ins in the black names
And let's be brave and do the wild things
And we come down
No way, Bill, that's why Teddine is a man
They're rich, they're powerful
They like to swim naked
What are you gonna do, Smith?
Then Teddine and Bill and Tedd
Next one to venture
Part two
On the next
We're gonna do the wild
Excellent
Come and swim
We're gonna do the wild things
Over to that school
Perfect, excellent
During the last humanity dolphin football game
Sammy Smith had some problems
Oops, job bit, this wouldn't have happened
If Sammy was wearing his shoe up, alert Pager
The shoe up alert Pager
Just as the dolphins were nearing the goal line
Sammy pulled the back of his shoe up alert Pager
And Coach Shula would have been notified
The inflenity of time to make that competent coachy nutrition
Good Shula, help me, help me
I'm having ball pain
Hold on, Sammy, this is Coach Shula
Help the down the way
With sending you more cakes
With the shoe up alert Pager
Damn it, I dropped the ball
And I can't speak it up
This won't happen
I can't speak
This is Joe Willie Namath and this is WIOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
1.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
All you slow to watch and say
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
The music giant from Miami
2.53 on 30 to the IOD
I'm not for the salty
I'm not for the salty
I'm not for the salty
The most ever public doesn't like the way she's using the chest now
She's a hidden swipe for the most ever
So we have to go is it perfectly alright then?
So tonight is so not so famous
Let them live wanting them to be
Running and running, how to treat their own friends now
Yeah, all the way, what you like, so like a lost child
Hope they've been in a moment and she still get a sense now
We've all had it, we've had a deep ocean
I might be not enough to talk about it, but in the sea
All wronging might be funny, but from childhood to see
So how is her mom, could make the power of every need
Only you've been killed but got the motion
So I might even drop in time in the ocean
But I'll walk, stay with your emotions
It's me, the DVD guy
All this month, the DVD service station
Get a free Miami Dolphin Sammie Smith Tumbler
with each fill-up
He's oh, whoop, whoop, whoop
Get the whole set of four
Stop, three
The Sammie Smith Tumbler said
A welder would have fill-up only at B.D.A.
Tonight, get a look
And so I could look for the Sammie Smith and Silve
and deliver your glass to you
Here, tonight, we'll hold on to you for today
You can
Come and hit someone to the John's baking sub-homberino
I like to say, hey, hey
The CD player just exploded
I guess they couldn't take the dice, man
There must be a mong on the bottom of that
I like that, I like that effect
And look at that, it won't come out
Man, okay, let's...
I can't believe these people do it
Would it be nice to always like this every day?
But these people work and they go to school
and have a life allegedly every day, right? Sure
Rowered, hello
Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil for...
Speaking, sir
How are you doing, Neil?
Pretty damn good
Happy Thanksgiving
And the same to you
Yeah, I'd like to call a couple of my friends douchebags
Okay, sure, I'm just holiday-wide-not
Alrighty, I'd like to say to Bill and Bob
Overbill's house, you both are a bunch of douchebags
Okay, love your show, Neil
Can we play anything for you?
Yeah, pick two for me at Brown
Okay, I just picked this one, I'm picking the other one
Okay, have a great day
You too
Take a later, okay
Wow, I like that kind of guy
Hey, pick anything you want
Ooh, look at that
Better say that for dessert
Okay, let's just try Dave County, hello
Hello, Neil, yes, sir
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good
Neil
Yes? You almost caused me to drive off the road yesterday
And why is that?
You were playing this piece from...
Oh, no, I didn't play it
Well, I called her played that, somebody did that on the phone
Somebody called in and played it
Oh, yeah, I almost drove off the road
It was great, was it?
That is the greatest movie I have ever seen
Here is a man who really knows what it's all about
I'm fairly something, that movie isn't terrible
Yeah, it's the best
Unbelievable movie
Sensational
It's better than any drama, movie ever itself
Right
I wanted to play something for me
Can you do it?
Sure
How about the American drag?
So what?
The American...
Well, the Vatican, I thought you said the Vatican drag, but I did not say different
Okay, let's have a great holiday
Oh, yeah, you too
What's up with that guy with a white dress, man?
Oh, yeah, a sealer
And say to you, back at ya
That was my wife
Well, give her a big hug for us
Oh, will
See ya
Bye-bye
Wow, so Vatican drag?
Oh, we don't want to get the archbishop, but I said I'm Thanksgiving
He's probably kind of busy over there today anyway, but...
Where is it?
Oh
Okay, we'll start that next hour
Yes, but please, Sammy, allow me to know, okay, thanks, Thanksgiving, let's be thankful that
maybe Higgs is going to play, he's going to start on Sunday
Let me mention again, there's a little enticement tomorrow, I'm giving away those
Dolphin Tampa Bay tickets, my own personal 50 yard line, the best seats in the house
There we go, our great seats, right on the 50, you could draw the...
If you extended the chalk on the 50, right up your pooping, that stripe would go right up to the middle of your fat body
So tomorrow, we'll figure out a clever way to do it, and you come over here and pick them up and just have a great day
And Fat Rich and I'll be at highly, just with buckets full of money all around us, it's going to be great
Okay, Elaine, one more news, Casca, is this it?
It's a dip
Well, I hope you have a wonderful day today, and I hope that your a geriatric boyfriend is able to, uh,
Mother's pull-out wishbone real tight, maybe it'll get you wish, you never I can't doubt it
Okay, we'll come back at 12.05, Rick and Suds, they're going to be here allegedly
From two until, uh, whatever they get, second time throw some tapes on
Jeff can't see defort for his knees on Sports Soc and Hank Goldberg, open phones, 8 to 11 tonight
This is a news dog radio, 610, WIOD
For if you get down on your knees, they'll lift your roller reeds
And throw your head with great dispatches, so you flex, so you flex, so you flex, so you flex
Whatever steps you want it, you have clear them with the montages
Everybody say it's all here, Elaine, it's all doing the line again
Jeff can line in that professional step into the small professionals, they're the kind who's got religion, I'll say you if you're in the original
If it is, I plan it safer, take the wine and chew the way for the sure-of-all they say
Blinds to friends of fascists, I'll get down on your knees, they'll lift your roller reeds
Now your head with great dispatches, so you flex, so you flex, so you flex, so you flex
Make a fine fine your abdomen, when in wrong do like a Roman, our baby Maria, she's good to see you
Can't let her find your husband, they can do it, they can do it, they can do it
Hallelujah, remember when you'll find your mind
But now in the cage of contains andasonies, made our main comic Aye holy as I tell you
I'm always free like I'm inside
You're my soul, go round the stage
I can't believe that you're constantly
My head is going on today, I'll be
I'm always free like I'm inside
I'm always free like I'm inside
I'm always free like I'm inside
I'm always free like I'm inside
Well, we seconded emotions, POP09 at WYOD on Thanksgiving Day 1990
Hey, I'm no dummy, just fill in that blank
Can you imagine how it's going to sound next year?
1992
We'll have Alex fill in the little sound there
Maybe Alex will drop a little something between now and then
There we go, hey y'all my name is trans
You Dean Thomas, President Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court
And you know there's not some people who's out there to think
I smoke a little marijuana when I think Alex
Well, it wasn't everybody, I enjoy
Yeah, maybe it's the guys that you are, I know we're gonna be out
Then they don't think I'm fit to be honest with the Supreme Court
Yeah, I got the much
Let's do this quick and get out of here, I want to pitch our straight
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law
There y'all
I mean, don't get
And I choke it to the E
And I choke it to the West
And I choke it while I look up there, they'll kind of earn best
I'll be choking
Let's go, very no way, y'all
Give it to me, I'll jump out of the zone
The fight's over
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Yeah, I'm not doing anything I am fighting
When the wind gets down on the air, she's a big star back
She's a fighter to fight, we never shall we shall
When the wind gets down on us, she's a such a chug
The one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one, the one
the one, the one, you gonna blue their hair up in some 2001, the one I told you probably.
The one that we got here seemed a little pretty troublesome I've not seen much
I hope you need my love, John.
Yes, you know it too.
I hope you need my love, John.
This is the spot for you.
Oh, oh, me.
Touch me.
You, me.
But me.
I need my share of love, John.
A time today.
I love you every day, John.
To look straight out the blind.
I think this is my best.
I get a touch on my hand.
Oh, oh, me.
Touch me.
You, me.
But me.
I need my share of love, John.
A time today.
A time today.
It's just a global average.
A time today.
It's just enough to pay my bail.
Oh, I need your love, John.
This is why it's here for you.
I hope you need my love, John.
My house is here for you.
Oh, oh, me.
Touch me.
You, me.
But me.
I need my share of love, John.
A time today.
A time today.
It's just my husband, how do you?
A time today.
It's just a global average.
Well, love me every day, John.
You're always on my tail.
Make me scream all day, John.
To how me and John.
Oh, oh, me.
Touch me.
You, me.
But me.
I need my share of love, John.
A time today.
A time today.
A time today.
1247 at WIOD.
Thanks for giving 1990.
Our commemoration is total.
We're already producing up this.
I am the I.
I am an organ.
I'm just driving out of 95.
I'm Dr. Jack DeVorte.
You know, there's nothing quite like eating around the fireplace listening to your favorite music
and keeping rhythms of the city home of the old suicide machine.
That's why I gathered all my favorite songs and put them on.
Once I get an album, kind of like music, probably presents Dr. Cavorkian's broken-to-the-oldies.
You'll get all my favorites like these.
The live-a-list is so fun to read.
You'll also get more good feelings and more common familial.
And of course, my rendition of feelings.
You got no more feelings.
If I don't kill you, nothing will.
Order now.
I hope it absolutely free the latest LP from the Dead Generies.
I have a subscription to Life Magazine and the little Dr. Cavorkian home and bombing kit.
Is that it?
Little stuff.
You die?
I'm sure you would for a mile to heart.
No, but you want to be the life of the party.
Don't buy this album.
That's Dr. Cavorkian's broken-to-the-oldies.
Order now.
You won't regret it.
And that prolong anyway.
I'm going to be the life of the party.
We are used to be a long-haired freak, but that will be my younger days.
Now I got my MBA.
We're going on.
We are young, we are born.
We are darker and younger.
And we fit that whole man-wash.
The least I understand.
And the 20-year-old is the worst.
I'm the ass of million cash.
And if I'm not, it's the best deal by a common goal.
But I used to wear some sort of music.
And I was the only one who could do it.
I was the only one who could do it.
We are young, we are born.
We are darker and younger.
And we fit that whole man-wash.
The least I understand.
I am sick and tired of this commercial where the lady can sound and says,
my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms.
Now why should I listen to him?
Well, because he's also a doctor.
I'm dying.
Even if I was, you die.
I don't think I want to be examining my mother's role.
I don't need the money that bad, ma.
I get that every kid is a med school dream come true.
You think, man, no, ma'am, let's see what you're pulling.
Now, if you want to do it, Bob, and I can tell by looking at you,
if you know what that commercial should say, you want people to believe it,
just say, my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms.
Now why should I listen to him?
Well, because he drives a truck.
And he's got miles hanging out of him like a trumpet grates.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Got a letter here from Boston, more Jack,
put the mailman's respect and he ain't coming back.
This is a pick up from the federal express,
but I got me a plan to get out of this mess.
Everybody's got a fact with she.
I'm gonna send it on a fact machine.
This is a button that works like a dream.
Everybody's got a fast, fast, fast, fast, you're dreaming.
Oh!
I'll make a photo copy of your part.
Then you fold your pocket finger short.
Back to school, the channel's on board.
When I watch your pocket, put it out the door, Bob.
Everybody's got a fact with she.
It's a new way to be really me.
Just as nobody used to be.
Everybody's got a...
That's what I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know, but I'm gonna go and have a chance.
Living in tropical South Florida, I often don't listen to the weather forecast.
I think it's more existential to experience the weather as it comes.
I keep an umbrella in the car along with a sweater, so I'm always ready.
I want something severe happens like a lightning storm or hurricane.
I know it's late in the season, but if I look skyward and see dark clouds,
I tune in to 610WIOD Weather Center, Bob Soeper and Tom Burser, meteorologists.
They forecast the weather daily on 610WIOD, our news, traffic, and weather station.
I don't know.
I don't know, and I'm gonna go and have a day of a...
This is a...
This is a video launcher show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
I think the lines are taking a page out of the Dalton songbook.
first and goal on the one foot line and Barry Sanders takes it in and get a holding penalty.
And now a second and goal just outside the 10 brutal.
Okay, she asked for it, she's going to get it and I've got news for you.
This is it.
Get that cassette tape going now, no more excuses, no more nonsense.
Because if I have to play this again, I'm just going to blow my brains out.
Okay, you got a roll and are you ready?
Good.
How do you relate to the settlement?
It's our privilege to bring you at this time and I wouldn't report it at the first
international preparation content.
We are speaking to you from the ring side of the great Maple Leaf Auditorium which has
factored the raptors with spectators, eager and curious.
For the benefit of my listeners who are not acquainted with the facts relating to this
event, it might be well to describe the two contestants.
Lord Wind is near from Wapping Frog Hole in Devon Jury's Accord, the Champions of British
Empire.
The challenger is Paul Boomer, an eight-year-old son of Australia, who I understand worked
his way to Canada in the crew of an ocean freighter carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage
upon which George is stated, Boomer trains exclusively.
I see now there's a bit of a fuss around Lord Wind is presence and Jury comes Lord Wind
is near.
I'll see if I can get him to come to the microphone and say a few words.
Joe, so if you can get his logic from over here for a minute, I'll tell him to the radio.
Okay, I'll get him to the radio.
Thanks.
Well, Lord Wind is near a piece of being good spirit.
She's smiling and capping.
Going about him is a beautiful silk wrapping down of purple velvet on which is worth.
I imagine to be the coat of arms of the healthy wind is mere.
It's a beautiful thing.
A good boy, Joe.
He's just a middle-aged and just.
I think we're going to have his Lord chip himself comes to microphone.
So if you were to write over here, please write over here.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, folks.
Here is right to the microphone, the champion himself, Lord Wind is near.
Are you hindered?
How did you come to take an interest in this unusual art?
Well, I suppose you could say it all started over.
Lady Wind is very as fan.
I see.
Yes, I noticed she was constantly waving this fan in front of her face.
So I asked her why did you do it?
So she retold it that if I insisted on constantly appreciating, usually had to fan away
and be all self-defense.
You see, my friends would roll into the cup of mercy and persuaded me to capitalize.
All my provisions, all of the sort of going for it all.
That's all.
Thank you very much, your majesty.
Thank you.
And good luck to you.
That is Lord Wind is near.
A champion pepperier.
I was very, oh, here's a counter.
Here's Paul Vroom of the Monts-Royer.
Paul, over here, please.
Vroom, past Mr. Vroom of the Monts-Royer.
We have Mr. Vroom of the Monts-Royer.
The radio.
We want to speak on the radio.
There's no more religion down there.
I think we'll have Paul Vroom before you right away.
Yes, here he comes.
He's a tenant.
He just pointed out.
And how did Paul...
How?
He just raised his hand in breathing and started walking over to the microphone.
And he, ladies and gentlemen, is Mr. Paul Vroom of the Monts-Royer.
Will you say hello to our audience, Mr. Vroom of the Monts-Royer?
How about Canada?
Now, tell me, sir.
When did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the entwined
championship?
Well, ever since I was a little nipper, I liked a far.
I remember you said, make my mother and father laugh their bleeding edge off when I used
to let one go in church during the announcement of a light of life.
Excuse me, Mr. Vroomer, on the radio, we call it, prefectating.
And now that I get a cover, what I always said is, a far, tough part, whether you
are raised up on one cheek and snake, or whether you're given a full blast like I do.
Very well.
As long as the TV is in an objection, I personally find before that a word much easier to say.
And more descriptive than the longer and more academic to separate.
Thank you.
On our right, Mr. Vroomer, and there's the bell.
Thank you, Mr. Vroomer, and good luck for Vroomer, who is off to the center of the arena
to meet the champion and to receive instructions.
Now the house lights are dimming, and the great flood of high-powered electric lights cascade
down onto the center of this great arena where it stands in simple eloquence of the
cropping post.
The cropping post is about four feet high and is decorated with red, white and blue
bunting up to about 90% from the top.
The very top section is worn smooth by the grip of many hands in previous context.
And now it appears that Vroomer is to be the first at the post.
And that I believe is tough to make for the challenge, yet to make the first effort.
Yes, Vroomer takes off his dressing gown and drives to the cropping post.
He grips it firmly around the top and stretches his knees.
The significant mention has not yet been given, so we may assume that these are just
preliminary.
I think I have time to describe it to Vroomer's outfit.
He's stripped from the waist up and wears a tight fitting trunk of powder blotrin with
Scarlet.
These trunk facemals are always worn by wethers with one important difference.
You know, there's a whole about six inches in the diamond ring that is removed from the
seat.
This of course has been done for obvious reasons.
The symmetric wrap that you'll recall the finesse debris, literally translated meaning
the zebra window.
Mr. Vroomer's finesse debris has the Scarlet trim around its perimeter, giving a very
provocative air to this genial Australian back sign.
There goes the signal to commence.
You might have heard it over on a microphone, a blaster on the medieval, a brown Cizard
spree bowl, the traditional woodwind instrument associated with this spot for tension.
And now a hutch falls on the back, the back is wrong as Vroomer walks slowly, deliberately
to the farting post.
He's a guting confidence and he gives one last all-encompassing grin to the tense audience
as he grips the farting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could sprint
to the post.
Now he flexes his knees much in the manner of a boxer.
He seems to be concentrating on the very top of the farting post.
You can hear a pin drop and hear it comes.
Oh, a beauty of beauty.
I think it was a triple-flutter blast.
Yes, that's what the judge signals.
A triple-flutter blast.
That gives him 25 points right off the bat.
And another, another is the same and another 25 points.
That's followed by one.
Followed by one.
No, two.
A big up on three fuzzy farts in rapid succession.
It's amazing how this man can change placement style of often by a slight simple shifting
of his butterk area.
He's too gripping the post in complete concentration.
Vroomer now has a score of 65.
He tries those last three fuzzy farts at five points a beat, adding 15 to three with
his score.
And now he's coming.
A fluper.
A fluper.
Perfectly executed fluper.
What's that?
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen.
That was a follow-up fluper.
A follow-up fluper.
The second time in the history of this sport that a follow-up fluper has been achieved
in open competition.
The only other time I believe was during the World Series held in Europe in 1793.
During the course of this series, France won a fool.
The famous French father after leaving a follow-up fluper defeated Tannemet when his Scottish
opponent by only one loop and then dropped dead.
As you know since then in honor of Macee's roof, the loop has been dropped in open competition.
Another score is 100 and 5 for Vroomer.
Vroomer of course counts 10 points.
But a follow-up fluper, a very difficult maneuver, gives 40 points.
Well, this certainly has been a whirlwind session.
I think the four boomers about played out blown after the table.
What am I saying?
A fuzzy fight and another.
That gives him 10 more points and he's not too yet apparently.
Wait a minute, here I work.
A three, oh, a little three.
With only two points and very dangerous and another and another three.
Well, not bad.
Well, he's certainly putting up a fighting finish.
Four three, a very hazardous, very hazardous quad because of the danger of crushing.
But giving him eight.
But giving him eight is a very valuable point.
And he throws up his hand.
He throws up his hand to the signal that he's finished.
And the crowd gives him extra manipulation.
He's spinning down, looking a little pale, a little one perhaps, but smiling happily at the crowd.
This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed him to all accept the most
rabid, windrously a fan.
And he's just out waiting a minute.
Oh, Vroomer!
Vroomer, front and 23 points.
We hear that, Paul Bumer, 123 points, a world record.
Getting Lord Wimmy 3 with World Heart of 119 by four points.
Paul Bumer, this moment is a world champion.
But how long we don't know because Lord Wimmy 3 might take it right back again.
And his is Lord Chip now walking up to the post apparently, not in the least concerned
by the brilliant performance of the challenger.
He's outfitted a little differently from Paul Bumer.
He has purple tight, full length tight.
And around the connects degrees, you remember the hole cut out from the center of his feet.
Around this, there's a fringe of little gold tassels about four inches long.
There's no doubt that some decoration affected by just a moment.
He sees some sort of a dispute here.
Paul Bumer in seconds around that feet and seeing the beyond, you know, was a judge isn't
pointing to the fringe on that champion in the past area.
Oh, I see.
As you Paul Bumer is claiming that the fringe might add a ripple or some other sound
to Lord Wimmy's efforts and so increased their value.
And after all, in a total three, four contacts like this, every little advantage must be
relatively watch.
So he judges appear to be agreeing with Paul Bumer and they'd elect the champion to remove the fringe.
He doesn't like the decisions very much.
And the crowd is getting, the crowd's getting resentful.
They think he should be a better spot about it.
And I agree with him.
He always seems to have decided that he's got to give in and he rips off the fringe and flings
it to the ground.
Then he walks over to where Bumer is sitting.
He turns his back, puts his hands on his hip and all.
Oh, he needs a free fright in poor Bumer's face.
The crowd get a kick out of this.
As you know, a free for the very low score are only two points.
But the throw one away just in the gesture of defiance demonstrates the spirit of dashing
recklessness, which has made the Englishman the champion of the years.
He's smiling, disenged, for an hour's return to the sense of the arena.
In order to the judge to show he's ready and he'll allow what's this.
He's not going to use a far-ding pose.
Lord, when it's mere champion and a final gesture of contempt,
scorns the use of the far-ding pose.
Well, this is developing with a little bit of a grudge contest.
He has his hands on his hips, feet apart.
We've slightly bent and a fist left.
His first attempt is and another one, two in the roll, and another one a third.
Three shippers in the roll.
It tremendous effort.
60 points in his first thirty second.
And one, two, three, four.
Four for his four.
The fragrance fuzz is in rapid jacation.
It's a pleasure to see the ease and comfort with which his Lord defleses his father.
Perfect technique.
And now his score is 80 points.
80 points in the first thirty seconds of the pose.
I'm getting ready again and on hip.
A little bit right in the face, as it's strange to hope.
Something there, wait a minute.
Something's wrong.
His attendance run into him.
He's in some kind of distress.
I see.
Yes, the judge's signal.
It was a plot year.
Or hard luck.
Your Lordship's a hard luck.
The champion left a very bad plotcher and will be penalized fifteen points.
That puts him back to sixty five points, fifty nine shots of the one hundred and twenty-four
in need to retain his championship.
He's all set again and seems to be straining a little more cautiously.
And here he is.
A funders break.
Or a beautiful bit of wind breaking virtuosity.
And most difficult, a most difficult part to perform without plotting this man has wonderful
control and the crowd are really warming up to him.
That last death, that funders break counts thirty points and it takes the Lord when it's made up to ninety-five points.
He's getting very tense now and here it is.
Here it is.
He has the next one.
A trill blow.
A trill blow.
Ten points.
Five points.
A resounding single frutter blast.
I think that is.
Yes, the judges.
Prepare that single frutter blast.
A lovely, a lovely change of face.
And now the excitement is going unbearable.
As the champion takes a step away from the post and his score is one hundred and twenty.
Just three points short of the pole.
Boomer marks at three points short.
If you get one more fuzzy or two small three, it's all over with the shouting and the challenger will have to return to Australia with his shadow to host.
I think everyone's heart takes a poor Boomer.
He's really a great guy.
But the wind just me a step up to the post again.
It looks very confident as he gets ready for the killing.
And here it comes.
It's a three.
A three.
That's two more points.
A little small three was all it was.
Two points.
And now it's practically over just one more of those little three.
So little two point three in the contest will be over.
It seems as though his large ship was deliberately tormenting Boomer by galloping.
But Boomer smiling.
It's a four smile.
But he's trying hard.
He's sitting there trying hard to take it like the grand sport that he is.
But he can see the feet standing ready to sweep away his dreams at almost anything.
I mean, I'll go into the first step forward and I'll always going to use the following post this fine.
I'll have it.
He grabs the post.
It's like this is me that looks as though he's going to try for a high scoring effort for a whirlwind finish.
Perhaps another sister.
And now he's trying very hard.
The veins are starting out on it for it.
And even the trickle of perspiration venturing down his temple seems to have a base.
So that this mighty large effort should have undivided tension.
Now the suggestion of a smile from the champion.
He came to decide if a three, but he's going to give this final bed.
I see the audience, oh my true man is on his feet.
Breakfast and tense.
Close his eyes.
A look of pure ecstasy on his face.
Oh!
Oh, he's the champion.
Is this qualified?
A lady's in judgment.
As a special service feature, we have brought you direction to the inside of a maple-yve auditorium.
A blow-by-loaded 15th of the first�eparation contest held under international forces.
As gone can replace midweeks and meditations usually ahead of the time.
As we're going for preparation age.
Flame, you know my butt is real red burden.
Flame, chair will red is what it's turning.
Flame, and that jalapeno yearning.
Flame.
Flame, God forbid if you're a treasure.
Flame, what could strike a mother?
Flame, just some help you pull a rose sucker.
Flame.
When you can't sit on a problem, do what David Bowie does.
Drive preparation age.
Available at the finest drug stores and drug stops nationwide.
258 and boy, it's the sloppy ball game.
Sloppy ball game.
Looks like they borrowed Scott Miller and Sammy for this game.
Everybody's fumbling it all over the place.
Lions are hanging out the way precarious three-nothingly.
When you got first and go on the one-foot line and go away with the field goal, you go away, man.
Don't go away, man. Just go away.
Anyway, Chuck Meyer is here.
He's not mad.
He's just delighted to be here with us with all his pals and prisons and buddies.
Bringing you that important news on Thanksgiving day?
What else would he be doing now?
Accepting a lot of unnecessary extra food, very bad for his health.
So Chuck is here with the One-A-Clock WIOD News and then we'll come back with our mammoth one to two-hour.
And might take a call or two and sneak another request or two or not, as the case may be.
Reconcud, the mystery continues as we do our investigative report to find out,
will they be here all four hours or are they just a bunch of douchebags?
News around the planet and probably a replay of yesterday's incredible craft that they had on World Heavy.
What do they call it?
Turkey's on parade.
Man, that's like that around here every day.
Speaking of that, Jeff DeForest on Sports Talk at 6.05
and Hank, they're going to bring him in in a wheelbarrow, open phones, 8 to 11 o'clock tonight.
This is down Florida's News, Drabbing and Weather's Day,
NewsDoc Radio, 610 WIOD.
Miami, Fort Waterdale and the Palm Beach.
They're not the top-joking!
NewsDoc Radio, 610 WIOD, presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dio, 751 WIOD from day in Broward,
it's 524 WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code,
toll free, 1-800-944 WIOD,
and Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's poster callers are not necessarily those of this case.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on NewsDoc Radio, 610 WIOD.
Let me tell you something, pal.
The only thing bigger than the 1-2 hour is Steve Cansey Go.
O!
Next, the mall did Christmas Eve and blah blah blah blah blah.
Then a joke or no.
Just speak and five, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
We do charge cards to the limit, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
And set as now has nothing to it, blah blah blah blah blah.
Set the moreds with my creativity, blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little bit mad
I'm a little bit mad at my
What on the walls?
What on the walls?
And the walls are the walls.
The walls are the walls.
here. Just from the lightest all day, still three
nothing lines. Anyway, it's one-oh-wait, Rick and
Suds will be along at two, none to soon. Hope you
have a wonderful Thanksgiving, a great day, etc. Let's
sit take a call from Dave County. Hello?
W-Y-O-D. Want to be ashamed if they waited all this
long? Hello? I'm going to put them on hold because
you're somebody obviously there. Because these
people, I've never seen anything like it. They are
ringing these phones and they just keep ringing and
they're just not going to give up. W-Y-O-D. Neil? Yes. Hi. Hi. Happy
turkey. Happy turkey to you too. You cannot believe what a
miracle it is to have gotten through to you. It is. And
today is my birthday. Well, wow. And I want you to talk to
you of all people. Yeah. Thank you. Of course. And I have to
say that a promised my husband Gary, my dog, sonny
Hirsch. That's my boy, Gary. No. No. My dog, sonny Hirsch.
Uh-huh. A friend's big David, Kelly and little
Richie. Turkey stuffed douche bags. Great. Yeah. You mean
that was it? Well, I wanted to hear you say happy birthday
Sandy and Sunny O'奧s. And I don't I don't have a
parrot routine. I don't I play the little thing and that's
a I wanted the one thing. Yeah, it's look at that first
in ten on a 27 of the very I'm sorry. I wanted the little
thing played. Yes. That was very important. Well, good. There's
nothing like a little thing. I'm Thanksgiving day. And
everybody pulls on that wishbone. I'm skipping lunch. I'm
waiting for a major dinner at five o'clock. Well, that seems
to be the thing. I don't I think there are a lot of people
are not skipping lunch. Well, I could be wrong. Well, Neil, last
Sunday we went to that pancake house. The apple pancake is
the most incredible thing I've ever had in my life. Yeah.
The Tahitian was fabulous. We had one of each. But the apple
pancake was even better. Yeah. Did you? That's how you
believe you were tell them to bring you one. It's like a
cake. Oh, yeah. That's just what I like. People like just
what I mean. Well, I'm going at the mall and get a
candle stuck in it. Really? It's fabulous. It's fabulous.
If you have it, I bet you that'll draw a large crowd. Yeah.
They are drawn crowds. I'll tell you. Right. But if you have
not had that, you have to try it. Okay. It's incredible.
Well, have a great birthday and happy whatever else. Thank
you. Enjoy your dinner. Say hi to your mom. I sure will. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Wow. She was awfully nice. Very Sanders at the 19th is at a
first down. No, it's second and two lines are moving big
time. But everybody's moving and they fumbled a vlog. I came
along linebackers slept the ball at a hard boss hands. I
bet your manage is just following at the mouth. Look at that
first and go out of the nine with very Sanders again. Well,
we sure couldn't use a guy like very Sanders could we only
did about 220 yards for the lines last week.
