Yeah, it's okay for us to do this, but we don't want to
corrupt the
Dignity of the people out there in the audience. You have to be professional to do this. There's a way to do it
Yeah, yeah like that
11 past noon at W.I.O.D. Boy, I can't stop eating see because they said we want you to taste a little bit of everything we've got
Mm-hmm. The country fried steak was phenomenal. I had a lot of corn fritters. Honest thing. Oh my god
This is a special report from NBC's Slighting News now from Washington. Here's Tom Brokejaw. This is Tom Brokejaw live from the 4th of the Senate
Although President Bush continues to seek support for David Souther, he is not one of you for the Supreme Court
Senate Democrats or suggesting an alternative candidate
Andrew Dice-Coyne
While it's believed that the Diceman's views on freedom of speech will appeal to liberals
His views on a women's issue should also appease conservatives as Dice himself told me earlier
This tick named Sandra Day O'Connor said Mr. Clay. Please come me, you run. I said look here you b*****
I don't give to sh** now how's about we hop in the sauna
Oh
This is Tom Brokejaw more later on the NBC Slighting News
Who what was that like about a pigs knuckles what were you talking about Cheryl?
It's 11 25 at W.I.O.D. Look at that phone boy. This has been a bizarre day hasn't it?
What all bulldog speed. I'm sorry
Well, I've never seen anybody who had fingernails like a bulldog's feet
But that is kind of interesting some does conjure up all kinds of wild images
Anyway, and then a chicken neck that's kind of interesting too. Well, maybe they can do like a package deal
We have an open line in Broward 524 W.I.O.D. one on the starlight like I started to say before Cheryl interrupted me
Um, what the hell is going on really strange day
sat down and every line was lit we started out with gladdest and antenna clock hour was just
Incredibles. You just wouldn't get that off the phone with a bunch of terminal depressing geriatric stuff
And it's either feast or famine today. It's really bizarre star i.o.D. Yeah, if I like dark toenails speaking
Nail yeah, I'm gonna drive my
Portia snow skin
Okay, you all come on now. Oh, it's fun back at you
Okay
26 after 11 at W.I.O.D. Don't start calling here ragged on Rick Riley the day he's going on vacation wait till Monday won't be here to defend himself
But Chuck myra'll be here Monday Tuesday and Wednesday filling in filling the gap for Rick and Puts and
Hank Goldberg will be here on Thursday and Friday and he's not too excited about it
Anyway, I'm gonna sit and wait until we get all those lines lit. Okay, there's three still open one in date
We're getting line checkers over and over again and two in Broward when we get them all set
Well, you're all ready to go with a full board of calls and a bunch of enthusiasm then we'll be ready to do a show
Okay, that's just the way it's gonna be okay. I don't want to start playing butcher host
Because that would certainly be out of character
Anyway, that's pretty exciting if we've really sold 61,000 tickets for those two games if that is really true
And it came right from the horses nose so
That is incredible. Wow
Where'd be something if we packed the place both games
Let's go to a payphone and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah
Let me say it again. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, it's my phone earphone. It sounds like our phone
Oh, your phone. Yeah, my phone is your phone. I'm sorry time caller. Okay. I never talked to you before so
Now I'm fine. I tell those papers on the traffic. Yeah, you what? I'm telling these papers out in the traffic
You see the street vendors and Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, that's right
You're one of those guys most of those guys are pretty weird. I always thought
Are they right? Yeah, you have to go some kind of a weird test before they let you do that really strange
Everybody thinks that everybody's out on the work relief. There's not
Yeah, they look like acts murderers most of course. I'm sure you're an exception
Thank you sound like one
Well, you're one hell of a guy. I'll tell you that
Never have anybody try to run you over out there. Oh, yeah, all the time good. Well, probably keeps you busy keeps you in good shape
When I come down 7th Avenue in the morning to work I always try and run over as many of those the herald people as I can
Well, I know that's what I'm saying anyway. It would sell to herald deserves to get flat exactly exactly
Okay, well, how was it so far? Was it okay? Yeah great. Have a great day. Okay
Good job 28 after 11 at WIOD. We still have two open lines in Broward boy Alice must have the
Proctologist or something to good on today because we're just dying in Broward. We just can't can't get arrested in Broward
524
WI OD I think we're going a little bit too fast
Maybe all the people in Broward County are trying to act as personal escorts for the French Canadians isn't it time for them to
Go home
Wouldn't that be great boy? They are really here in masses now in droves everywhere. I go just just loads of those Quebec plates
Just billions even on 595 there should be a law that they're not permitted on 595
Can we put up like a big sign that says no frogs in fact that could be a new international symbol a circle a red circle with the slash with a frog behind it
I think they get the message
Boynton Beach hey Neil I'm finally on huh yeah, how you doing okay?
Listen for all the satellite viewers out there. Yes, I just want to tell them on t2
21 22 23 and 24 you can catch all the NCAA action unscramble unscramble that's the CBS satellite right mostly out
Without a doubt and hey how about them Chicago Cubs this year is the gerbil gunner when you have a pen it we're gonna do it sir
You think so how about the red socks how about the red socks? Yeah, well, but be back in that choke battle again in the American leg use
You're right down the last couple of days you chokes first like those Syracuse arrangement did last night
That's right. They're the best you picked a great one. Yep. Well, at least at least there's no tension
Okay, we got it out of the way right off the bat now. We got mission. We got Michigan State going today, sir
For those partens. Yes, call
Call Ginzo a douchebag and tell my wife I love her. Okay. See you later
Okay, you called his wife a douchebag and told Ginzo he loves him
It's 11 30 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line and Broward 524 I owed
Whatever it is you know what the hell it is. Why do I keep even bothering with it? You know what the hell it is by now right after all these years
You know exactly what it is
You just like to make the people on the year work and work and work for those harder and paltry few dollars that we eat out
And George is very very hostile. He said they just gave me the check that I was short my paycheck yesterday
He said the amount they shorted you yesterday is more than my entire paycheck
And I'm pretty damn pissed off about it and just the showhouse said he is about it. He's been on that phone all day today
See since they got that new headset. We got a new deal going. He's doing his own show in there
Just like somebody that
What's her name in Kendall loves?
What's your name?
Bobby and
Sandy sandy well. I forgot I got a metal block after that embarrassing call yesterday
I'm beginning to I don't want to jump to a conclusions because up till now she's been wonderful
But I'm beginning to believe that she's kind of like an overbearing pushy bitch is that possible? Do you get that feeling?
A domineering bitch
Sandy I could be wrong. I'm not saying you are. I said I'm beginning to get the feeling that you are and if I if you are
um and not only that but anybody that's married to Bobby any guy that looks like that and has got this big thing for Marvin
You need an eye doctor immediately Sandy, okay?
In addition to which Marvin is Jewish so don't count on too much
Miami Beach
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
First time caller a long-time listener great
About three or four weeks ago doing the hundred-hour war
Young fella from FIU called you and he was
apologizing for the protesters out front
He was embarrassed by it
Ask him now under recruiters from the big businesses come around next month. How many of those same ones are in line to go to work for
Would you play the asshole record for us?
Boy, that's uh that's at the top of the list every day. That's all anybody wants to hear you want to dedicate it to that particular caller
I'm sure my boss. Oh, do your boss?
Okay, good luck in your new job, sir. Thank you. And really enjoy your program. Thank you. Fight
So 1132 at WIOD
I don't understand it. What's wrong with you people? Don't you want to face reality? Mike love of the Beach Boys is 50 years old today
I mean, I understand that's depressing. It's it's almost impossible for us to accept that
50 years old today as I speak as of this stinkin moment. Oh
decrepit decaying rotting
festering
Yeah, like probably like all kinds of lint here all over his body
Although I think he had that when he was younger too
He's kind of a schmutzie looking guy anyway
It's 1132 at WIOD. We have an open line in date 751 and one and brownered 524 very very strange
explosive Friday here
Here's a mobile implantation
Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? I said a very
What I am now in pompadol. Well, that's not that big of a deal. That's 15 minutes
I gotta tell you you know the people selling the newspapers. Yeah, upon the corner of 62nd street in 31st Avenue
Yep, a girl that's a knockout. I don't know where they got her
The other thing I wanted to talk about is the joy of a candy such a mention. Yes, sir
You gotta go to the bulk food places to where the bulk food places, you know the places that sell you
You know three four pieces at a time. Mm-hmm. You get a nice variety some orange gels some raspberry
terrific. Oh, but the raspberry the raspberry are the best. Oh
I've been eating them for 20 or 30 years. I look what it did for you. I
Yeah, I just celebrated my 50th last month. Wow. I left the 40th. We're into the 50th. That's so terrible.
I don't know
Michael. I enjoyed Michael. Okay, have a good one and love your show. Thank you. Thank you. Bye
It's 1134 at 610 W.I.O. Day
Happy birthday, Mike
Anyway
Boy, you know, so he's hanging around many days nervous. He's real nervous because he knows he's gonna get that biggest time
An un-saturday
How that weekend magazine show
I wear like a lot of heavy underclothing on that morning
We have an open line in date counties 7519463 and one on the starline
At star i.o.d
And if you really want to hit it off big if you want to get up on the right track
I would like bleach uh dire here like bleach plan like my club man
You'd be on the inside looking out
It's 26 till noon at w.i.o.d. We'll be right back
1138 since we have so many dedications today. Here's mark hybnic and tom dennenberg's favorite song
Happy birthday, Mike. Michael out 50 years older. That's depressing. That is just oh man
Every like when Michael Jackson is 65
Can you imagine that?
And all is going to be left is like a little puddle of plastic
Only the complexion the only the the tone the flesh-tower of the plastic you'll be able to know whether it's Michael Jackson or Ken de Brito from our sales department
Anyway, it's 21 till noon at w.i.o.d. Let's go to north Miami. That's plastic man. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
Anyway, I have a problem here. I'll bet
Uh, I want to go see this Yankee game on that Saturday night
And the family's having a fader that night. Yeah, we'll screw them. What do I do about that? Get them all drunk and leave the house
Well, they should be good and drunk by that time right? Yeah, the game starts today. Go on Sunday. How's that? Well, I'm definitely going to Sunday rolls and go to that
And uh, but how could they do that?
Put it on a sader. Yeah, ask them two open lines one and date one and brownered seven five one
He's one of the most boring people I've ever spoken to he's got just he's a good guy
But he just got that boring sound, you know
And we have an open line in brownered
five two four nine four six three five two four
W.I.O.D. Don't forget tomorrow morning Chuck Meyer in that big weekend magazine show dead or alive
We got Arthur Maria at this week. I may make it this week too if I have like one more of those little chocolates
I think I'll make it deer field
Neil, it's that time again when we need you're all Florida Derby pick
I plunge last year on your pick Rowan oak and I'm still living in deer field. Yeah fly so free it about two to five sir
What about Jackie wacky no chance?
Shoot up by a green sheet
What does that mean? Should you buy a green sheet? Should you put a yellow shirt on should you put on socks? I mean aren't you don't you people have a mind of your own?
Do they help the green sheet is great?
Okay, I'm serious. The green sheet is excellent. Okay. You are
always buy those when you go to pump them no not when I go to pump it or get it for free
But when I go to the thoroughbreds I always buy the green sheet believe me
It's the best racing sheet I've ever seen. Okay, I'm not exaggerating. It's very good
And a lot of times they'll have things in there about a horse that was blocked the last race or some
Some little thing that will you won't see in the racing form
But they will have seen it in a green sheet believe me a lot of winners in there
Okay, so fly so free and well, I mean anybody can give you a fly so free
Everybody says he's unbeatable, but they still have to run the race
But if I was there, which I will not be but I won't see I don't go on Florida Derby dates two damn crowded. It's like a circus
It's a madhouse. That's what makes a fun. Well, okay
Boy it go if you like drowning in a sea of a blue hair have a great time
Good luck to pal. Bye plunge your guts
It's 1141 at WIOD and of course we will be covering the Florida Derby tomorrow with a blanket here on WIOD
430 to seven right after the Yankee game
We'll have a handkerchief out there Jeff can't see the forest for the trees will be there with this usual goyishir routine
It's got to be great now
We'll have the race for you and the whole bit and it will not be locally televised because mr. Don said so
We have an open line in brown. Did I say that? Well, you can't say it enough five two four nine four six three west bokeh
Yeah, I told you yesterday and I wanted to
clarify the ticket sale information of the person gave you earlier. Yeah, I thought for me to your rubbing is it the
Definitely sold 35,000 for both games that were paid for
And there's six thousand in our pay for
You wait a minute. I wait a minute total
Total well 35,000 has they have the cash for 35,000 total right yeah, and then there's six thousand that so that would be 41,000
Right so the fact that I was told 61,000. Yeah, now
Let's see the paper the other day said 20 and 15 that would be 35
Which I guess it'd be right if they were counting
paid for
Now what when did you talk to them that
We five minutes ago today, yep, and they said 35 to 41,000 well that stinks
That's a lot different. I'll say so if they do it
Well, and a hand came in the other day too, and he said they're gonna have like 40
40 to 50,000 on Saturday and 30 to 40 on Sunday
So you get all these different stories. I don't know
I don't know. Hey, I'm gonna tell you if we don't have big crowds there both days
This is a horseman or town. We do not deserve a team. I'm serious about that. Mm-hmm. No excuses
I just want to tell you that okay. Thanks for the pressing news sir
Okay, well least he's honest okay
I mean Mike Disney stuck his little head in the door here before and he said they was just over there in the stadium
Looks great. I mean we are after all your dolphin station at least as of this moment and
You know if anybody should know what's going on over there. We should know okay. You think we ought to call fudge brown
George
Yeah, let's give old fudge a call, huh?
Fudge a call
Where the hell have I got the number oh man? Anybody with the name like that she deserves to get called
I don't have the thing in here anymore. Do I think I threw that other sheet away since we got the new one?
Yeah, do me something
Useful William Manning said just sing there like a bump on a log
Yeah, let's get the number and talk directly to old fudge and see what's really going on over there because there's a big disparity
between 35 and 61,000 right
So let's not just sit here start spouting off a bunch of numbers because um
You know people are spreading rumors all right because I don't I really don't think anybody is at this moment to be very frank
Without think anybody knows what the hell is going on? That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. We have an open line in date county
751 W I O D. Here's a call in Hollywood. Hello
Hey, dude, the beach boys suck. Okay. Thanks a lot Jim Jim Morrison calling in from Paris
And CBS morning news again this morning, but I'm telling you if somebody over there doesn't have a piece of the action
Or must be a going out with Oliver Stone or something. I have never seen any movie
Hiked so much on one show every day this week
They've had a big song in a dance the music and Oliver Stone and this one and that one and the val Kilmer and valine from
Notzlandic they're just obsessed with that stinkin movie. They're going nuts over it on that show
I wish there was something else to watch in the morning because I'm getting sick of that show
I liked it a lot for a long time
Then the war came along and they did a good job on that but
When the war started they had Harry Smith and
Pauline
Paul is on
Doing the news which I thought was kind of strange because they were on that news set
Now I guess they figured they're going to save some money. They have them doing news every day at the top of the bottom of the hour
I don't like that. I think that is so
uh, it would be like my doing the news at the top of the hour
Instead of Elaine
Something to think about isn't it be a lot shorter beyond time anyway. I don't like that
I think that is really just uh crappy. It's like bargain basement
Like FW Woolworths of the morning shows and of course the CB I mean the ABC show that guy is like so plastic and so
annoying
And NBC it's either Joe Dodgayola or um
Brian Gumball. I mean who the hell wants to wake up with either one of those
Joe Dodgayola. Well, he got him
me got him
There's everything that is wrong with this entire country is right there in Dodgayola
Viragial this face
He is so borderline literate and so dumb and so embarrassing and just a bumbling goofball
And he's sitting there with those glasses on trying to look like mr. intellect
Give me a break will you Joe? He got him
Anyway, it's 1146 at W.I.O.D. tomorrow's the day that you've been waiting for. It's the 40th anniversary of the big
$500,000 grade one Florida Derby the greatest show on turf and all the goodies started 9 30 in the morning when the gates open and they've got it all the
FSU flying circus the US equestrian team they got that petting circus for the kids and the
St. Thomas Aquinas high school band Tony Curtis will be there with those stupid sunglasses
It's gonna be incredible and of course tomorrow you'll be able to see the deputy minister handicap for three year olds
Up at 7 for longs with housebuster the champion sprinter of last year and unbridled the Derby winner and last year's floated Derby winner
And three other stakes to the $75,000 added soil stakes for three year olds at 7 for longs
The $50,000 added buck or moe candy cap for three year olds and up fillies and mirrors at a mile on a 16th on the grass
And the $50,000 noble dancer handicap for three year olds up and up at a mile and a half on the turf
So tremendous racing and lots of fun and activities for the whole family
Don't forget there will be 10,000 unreserved seats available first come first serve absolutely free
So get there early as I said gates open at 9 30 and special early first post time 12 15
Big day Florida Derby day. Let's see if fly so free is really gonna be the champion
We all think he is get out there tomorrow kids 18 and under admitted free within adult
It's the Florida Derby at the home of the greatest thermod racing in the history of mankind Gulfstream see you there tomorrow
Right Hank?
News 24 hours a day the station 610 W I O D the reporters and anchors and rebarrow and account
Stephanie Bronfield Kevin Courtney a lane at or Robert Pancao Jennifer Rem and Chuck Meyer the resources the associated
Press the Florida radio network United Press International and the mutual radio network news 24 hours a day
South Florida's news traffic and weather station new talk radio six and W I O D
six
Oh
It's an household celebration and they're all out on the street
See them on the sidewalk. Oh hear them shuffle the feet
That's 20,000
Doing assholes from the maze
Step aside good people let the assholes operate
Oh
We got the assholes freedom
The assholes for fun
The assholes for Jesus
The assholes for guns
The assholes for justice
The assholes for crime
The assholes for assholes
The assholes are all done
And they're just crazy
You got assholes making money
And they're making all the rules
And they're taking all our jobs
And they're feeling a lot good
They're feeling a lot good
The assholes on the water
The assholes on the skies
These eyes are so tough
One is only assholes need to fly
I
Teach you won't you tell me
I really made the grade
My head my flat for my chest and other
I'm all on the grade
I
Thoughts give the orders and I thought wrote both
I thought get elected because I thought gets a vote
I want to turn it to the battle that I thought never died
They just lay in bed in smoke fly
Assaults in the morning, assaults every night
Assaults to land and assaults to the race
That's 40,000 assaults and assaults from the name
Assaults to land and assaults to the race
Okay, it's 1.53
Let's see if this works
Manny has gotten me a number which is probably some kind of a
Day line or something
Probably just want to Dave Ryder's lines
Okay, let's see if old fudge is there
There's my lunch from Sunnies
I just see the gentleman with a bag
Let's get the story right from the horses mouth
Thank you sir
Hi fudge brown please
Yes, meeting all of them
Sure
Thank you sir, thank you Sunnies here with little lunch which I brought
I think what I'm going to do is take a pill now
Would be a good idea don't you after that chocolate before I eat that
Before I dive into my lunch
Anyway, we're trying to check out and see what's really a Randy Martin was just in here briefly thank goodness
And was just over at the stadium buying her tickets for the baseball games. She said there was a there were long lines and there were lots of people she said evidently the corporate folks
What's the matter you don't approve of my lunch? Well too bad, okay? Keep your nose out of my lunch
He was saying the corporate folks are evidently buying them up
Not because a lot of people were leaving with big stacks of tickets and things are going tremendously well
Fudge we need you on the phone, okay?
I'm on hold now on a radio show. This is embarrassing
Five minutes till noon at W.I.D. what the hell do we do now?
We could give another plug
Hi fudge it's Neil Rogers at W.I.O.D.
Hi how are you?
Okay, Ronnie here of course
And I'm just calling you an update because we have so many conflicting stories about the ticket sales we figure we go right to the horses nose
You're not going to give me a hard time again. I heard I heard terrible stories from the next few days after I called you
No these people they have no sense of humor come on
All right well no things are going great out here right now
That's good and partly because we're promoting the hell out of it
That's certainly true and so that's worth giving you a hard time isn't it?
Absolutely I'll just bear it up for the company
Right exactly so like you have any idea what number we got?
I know what we're gearing towards I mean we're trying to get 40,000 here for Saturday night and about 35,000 for Sunday afternoon
You mean advance?
No we're trying to have that here I mean
Yeah I mean obviously we'd love to sell the games out but that's what we're gearing towards realistically now
Okay, now what do we have now?
Well I don't have a specific number
How ballpark can we look at you know within 40,000 either?
Yeah, can we take 40,000?
You know we're doing well we're you know we're over the halfway mark and we're pretty happy with where our sales are right now
But needless to say it could be better
Yeah and we've got two weeks to really kind of show the national league what Miami and South Florida
What is wrong with this town?
What did you think there?
As soon as we found out that we were going to have a real good shot at a franchise
and people realized how important these two games were, wouldn't you have thought that they would be like sold out within two days?
Well, you have to really think about what you know when we first put tickets on sale it was back in January
And right now people are just starting to get into the spring training fever of things and base belts starting to show up in the paper every day
and they're talking about it on the news
And I think now in the next two weeks you're going to really see it jumping at them so...
I sure hope so because I'm just going to flagulate them until somebody drags them down there and makes them buy
Well that's all fair enough
We definitely appreciate the support because I'd love to see baseball here and I think all of South Florida would be nothing but a positive move for South Florida
Okay well listen we're just going to keep banging away
Well feel free to give me a call anytime you need anything
Okay we'll call you in about a week for an update let's hope we're about three quarters of the way there in about a week
Okay fine
Alright, talk to you soon
Take care
Okay that's the word right from the horses, toenails folks
In other words it's about what we said before I think the guy was on target
That Disney boy where does he get his information huh?
Boy 61,000 he's in a Lala land
I mean she wouldn't give me a number but I think it was about right about 20 and 15 and about 6 that are not paid for but bought alleged
So that would be about 41 that's about right probably like about 22 and 24 and 17 something like that
Week really week get the hell with it will you folks man you people are rude oh gee it's Passover it's pizza
Easter way you got an excuse for everything okay
Bring a bunch of monsters and Easter eggs to the stadium and cut the crap already will you
We got a pig report on seven hello
Yeah, yeah, all right, I got you okay listen my the saw grads mom check your stop yeah
There's five of them and they're checking cars
Checking what I don't know there's stopping people looking inside the car
Hmm hmm
So I mean I have a feeling based on the things I'm hearing last few days of what's going on in California
I have a feeling they go stop always about to take over yes, hi, how how healer yeah, you know
I was driving I was getting off it right and the saw grass too yeah, and as I was coming around
I went to heck and they were stopping cars and it was like six cars backed up and it's as if it's on sunrise
Just as you get on the saw grass either to go you know you did to go north or south right and there's some other
Words is nowhere else you can go they go like it ain't you know and if you're going on there and you are
Are hiding something and don't go that way because they're there today too. Okay, all you drug peddlers avoid the saw grass on sunrise
Basically avoid that yeah, I'm gonna be checking out got father three this weekend okay, and I'll give you the old report on
Monday okay, and you know what yeah, I was in the building the night to me
To Iraq girls came in and to incoming studs yeah, I see you
Okay boy oh boy what material huh can that be felt sir?
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 the lovely Elaineette Torres here now with her beautiful fingernails and
Oh, you left one off the relay and look at that and then we'll come back at 1205
We got two live Jewish with Rick and Sput on their pre vacation show from two to six Jeff DeForest on sports talk at 605
Hank Goldberg with a big Florida Derby preview 8 to 11 tonight
South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 WIOD my Emmy Ford Lauderdale
Good afternoon, I'm Elaine that tour in the 610 WIOD news center the news brought to you by Benjamin Moore paint the temperature 12 o'clock is 77 degrees
Here's WIOD's Bob so far to continue around 80 degrees with diminishing showers and more sunshine
I'll have a complete forecast in a couple of minutes authorities and my Emmy say 43 people including an alleged leader of the
Colley drug cartel are named in a sweeping indictment announced today
WIOD's Robert Pancao standing by live now with details Robert
Elaine the indictment includes 43 defendants from my Emmy New York and Los Angeles alleging they laundered more than 65 million dollars a year in drug profits
U.S. Attorney Dexter Layton says this indictment includes the head of the Colley drug cartel Gilberto Rodriguez or O'Huella
The three indictments constitute a who's who are federal reserve of the Colombian money laundering system
It's kind of the black buster so to speak of money laundering indictment particularly against the Cali Cartel
Two and a half million dollars and more than 2,000 kilos of cocaine were seized during this operation
So far 12 people have been taken into custody they all face 10 years to life in prison if convicted
Reporting live from downtown Miami Robert Pancao New Stock Radio 610 WIOD
Thank you Robert a top officer in the Paraguay and Air Force will be arraigned today on charges that he smuggled more than $100,000 in counterfeit money into South Florida
and tried to obtain a pistol equipped with a silencer for a murder in Paraguay
47-year-old Carlos Semenas who's the brother of Paraguay's consul in New York was indicted on Tuesday by a federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale
Three South Florida men were also named in the 10-count indictment which also includes allegations of marijuana and cocaine trafficking
Brigadier General Richard Neal says the U.S. military isn't trying to force Saddam who's saying to sign a peace treaty
Today's Los Angeles Times says U.S. troops are retaking parts of southern Iraq to pressure Saddam but Neal says they're merely maintaining a ground presence
The largest contingent of civilian aircraft technicians who spent time in the Persian Gulf during the war arrived home today at Grenadier Services in Miami
WIOD's Jennifer Bram was at their arrival and joins us live now with the tail Jennifer
LA they've earned the title Skudbusters, 15 Miami-based civilian aircraft technicians who spent 65 days voluntarily in the Persian Gulf providing their maintenance and service expertise
The high-tech radar Air Force claims during Operation Desert Storm, aircraft technician and team leader George Morales says sometimes working in the war zone was pretty tough
The other little became a little scary when you heard the alarm go off, the chemical warfare gear came on and you kind of took cover
But we got it on a Patriots, we got it on the quality of American products that are built and it worked every time
Aralus brought back pieces of the Skud that came down right near their central Saudi-Iradian base
He, along with his colleagues, returned to a hero's welcome with a color guard and abandoned and more than 100 family members and friends here at Miami International
Airport reporting live at Miami International Airport Jennifer Bram is talk radio 610 WIOD
News talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show
To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward it's 524 WIOD
Palm Beach 655 WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD
The opinions expressed by the guest-host or callers are not necessarily those of this patient
Now here's Neil Rogers, a news-doc radio 610 WIOD
Can I buy a giant ear cap here?
Can I buy a can of gold?
Do you have some fertilizer?
Or anything for weak control?
Hey, you're feeling too strong, looks alone
Oh my god, it's just another hit in the mall
Oh my god, it's just another hit in the mall
Because it's citrus and it's high in concentrated sugar, okay? Any other questions?
We have an open line in date County 751 WIOD, I'm Tonya, this place, there are more banches running around here today, it's like a nut house
Like most of the time, now is that pig report, is that a new one? Another one on the starline? Hello?
Oh Neil? Yeah
How you doing today?
Okay
Anyway, I had a television accident last night
On Channel 9, they have this real strange weather man, do you?
He's great, you have John Lins, Lloyd Linsy, something
Right, anyway, last night there was another guy on there, a younger man, and he acted exactly like the other guy
But his coat was so big that it was hanging down on his thumb and his fallen off his shoulder
What?
His what?
His coat, his jacket was so large, I'm, didn't fit him
And he's acting just like the other guy, it was just comical
Yeah
Is that the pig report?
I didn't say I was giving a pig report, I don't know where he got that
Well George is on the phone today, he's in another world
Oh, okay, well I'm sorry, I was misforced to zap it down
Okay, sorry
Wait a minute, what I just hear in the background?
That's a friend of mine that next to me in the vehicle here
Is that what I heard?
No, he was just laughing, he was like to speak to you, is that okay?
Sure
Alright
Hi Neil
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay
First time caller
Did you ever see that movie a porn report that you live with Tom?
No sir, I did not, I've had Tom Cruise, it's coming out of my nose already
Oh, because, you were saying that he wasn't that good and only two good movies he was in
And then, is that a good movie?
It was a porn report that you live with Tom
It was good?
Yeah, he was very good on that
I thought you were the one that kept me in the ward for a real reason
Really?
Yeah
Wait till you see Peewee Herman's new movie, you might change your mind
Oh yeah
Yep
Have a great day pal
What?
I saw the lot of silence to the lamp
Yeah
And I don't think it was that good
Okay
Thanks a lot
Ten pass to know what a WIOD, well he's Tom Cruise's fetish, he likes to hunchbacks
We have an open line indeed, but we got four open lines on the board
Wow, wow, wow, that's all I can say to you folks, okay?
Plantation
Hello Neil, how you doing?
Okay
I think that guy needs to get something thrown in his face like Jodie Foster
There you go
Okay
Anybody that would knock the silence of the lamp has got to be some kind of a deep
Generate
That's right, that's right, I thought it was a great movie, great picture
Maybe you can invite, maybe you can have him for lunch and straighten him out
Yeah, I'll be old friend of mine, I have him for lunch, okay?
Neil, I know you don't watch Letterman dear
No
You're not a big Letterman fan
I didn't say that, I'm not gonna stay up to one o'clock in the morning to hear the same top ten list and watch Paul Schaefer do his Truman Capote routine
Well you missed Cisco and Ebert on their last night
Oh man
Two, uh, termally it
Oh god, these guys, they have about as much of a chase than movies as Betty Crocker does
And don't us
Right
But they are one
Very well put, that was an excellent analogy
You like that one?
I commend that very highly
You like that?
Yeah
Uh, Neil, listen, um, what is the problem with Cisco and Ebert?
They just, they just, they
Matter of fact Betty is coming to sunrise because they heard she was an Alta Crocker
What, why do they just like to argue with each other?
I mean just one to the one to the one to say, okay, I like that
Well they, uh, pout, you know, they have a little sp-bat
Oh, okay, I get it now
Oh, okay, it's like that
Neil, uh, where's a good place to take a, uh, a girl to a hotel?
To a hotel?
Yeah
How about in Hialeah, the one where they have the, uh, the stuff on the, the mirrors on
the ceilings?
That sounds good, how much is that a night above?
About, uh, fifty bucks
Where you can go over here on Biscayne, you can write it like by the minute
They have like a little meter
That's not bad, that's not bad at all
All right, Neil
The only in your case, I think you're better bringing some extra change
Okay, here's the guy who spends most of the day feeling the change
We have an open line in Broward, 524
W-Y-O-D, got a beautiful nectarine from the sunnies here
Boy, Alex almost too good to eat
I've seen a lot of things like that in my time
Anyway, it's 12 minutes after 12
I have a feeling I'm repeating things twice here today, have a nearest syndrome, right?
St. Patti's Irish Festival
Today, tomorrow and Sunday at Mullins Park Coral Springs
Near University and Sample
Great Irish music, Gaelic Dancing, Food, Irish Shopping, Bagpipes, Arts and Crafts
Irish Sports Kids Fund, Entertainment, a fantastic carnival
It's great fun for the whole family, eh?
Featuring Patti Noon and Show Band, Ireland's foremost tenor, Frank Patterson
The multi-talented Dingle Spike
Boy, it's too bad stands out here anymore, we can bring on the Irish Rovers, huh?
Wow, comedian Des Quijot, the Black Velvet Band and more amazing acts
And St. Patti's five mile run starts at seven o'clock tomorrow morning at Sample and University
Be there to cheer or run or both
Or if you just be after runs, you can be there too
Sponsored by Bud Weiser, the Miami Hero, Jameson's Irish Whiskey, Coca-Cola and Waste Management
It's all happening at Mullins Park Coral Springs near University and Sample
Today, tomorrow and Sunday
Bring the whole family, they're going to love it, clown space painting, magic acts, kids' contests, children's theater
And a good time will be had for all, tickets as a gate kids free
Today, tomorrow and Sunday at Mullins Park in Coral Springs
On status on hockey, it's the one right now
Parky, Parky, Mike Parky
He has in Pitch J, he's got a sore shoulder
He's still stiff, the left
I think, stiff is the word, I'm hoping he went about twenty games this year
But that, you know, if he pitches, what help?
You know, we need to make a trade to get enough of him
Thank you, Norman, why?
We need to trade an outfield to get another pitcher
Exactly
Because I don't think cyclops are going to pitch
They keep giving us this song in a dance
Thank you very much, you even got a four-care wonderful gentleman
I don't think cyclops are going to pitch it all
Parky is one of those wimps, he's always got a stiff shoulder or stiff something
Yeah, well anyway Neil, it's good talking to you, I want to say hello to Mark
When you're coming back, sir
I'm coming back Monday
Right, I want to try to get out of here in the 90's if I could
Oh, man
Ah!
You worked here, didn't you?
God, if you had what I'm eating right now
Did you work in Tennessee, Neil?
For a month, yeah
Where?
W-L-A-C
Oh, man
And for Debbie Ellis' sitting with a big fat can right now
How could you have ever spent a day here, man?
Well, a month seemed like 20 years to me
Hmm
I would say hello to Margot in Halendell
And it's great, it's drunk, and it's nasty, and it's murky, and it's crappy, and what a play
A great place for the bird
You bet
Later, man
Okay, see a good luck, you'll need it
10-22, oh, did you have any of this?
Of course not, you wouldn't need it anyway, right?
Well, you had 42 bagels, by the way, so don't give me this crap about Mr. Righteous, I only had like 1.5
It's not even 10-30 yet, no, I had 1.5
Oh, you had two
Well, that's all right, Miss Missouri and her, she had like 14, I understand now, she had like 3 bags full
She had just a bunch of seeds and crumbs at the bottom of her feet
Anyway, we have two open lines in Dade County, 7519-463
This is bad, this is really bad
It's not even 10-30 yet, and I'm already eating, and it's all like sugar and a bunch of crap that I can't eat
I'm telling you, I'm gonna die on the air today
But we're used to what we died here on Monday, big time
Anyway, this coming Tuesday, if I'm still alive, it's the big day at Pizza Loth, we're gonna dedicate that Near Rogers Dining Room at the Pizza Loth
Our good friend Jeff Cohen, one of the great snores of all time at the Pizza Loth is offering you something
A free dessert when you order any dinner on tray on Monday or Tuesday, you could have your choice of that delicious new tiramisu dessert
That is really fantastic, courtesy of Trucello and Sons or Italian purveyors or a free canoli
Or a serving of any of Jeff's famous cheesecakes, including Heathbar Crunch, cherry cheesecake, chocolate chip, cherry vanilla swirl
Or if you're really pedestrian boring, plain
It's free with your entree while they last, lots of other prizes and surprises to give away free dinners
We'll have those ugly disgusting sickly autographed pictures to give away Tuesday
So come on by Tuesday evening 5-8 pm as we dedicate officially
The grand opening of the Near Rogers Dining Room at Pizza Loth, home of the world's best pizza
And a great Italian goodies like stuffed shells, manacotti, baked ziti, eggplant parmesan, and their award-winning lasagna
It is just incredible, a pizza Loth, there on a 60-d� in Flagler Street upstairs in Miami just east of the Palmetto
Come by and see Gilbert and a cast of millions 5-8 pm this Tuesday at Pizza Loth
Tonight, Gilbert at night comes to you from the diplomat hotel in Halendale, Niels' favorite town
Maybe Niels will drop by, I doubt it, but in these days...
Well, she, of course, being the fitness guru from ESPN
And for most of tonight we'll be talking horse racing from some of the great riders and people who are involved in that great game as we preview the Florida Derby
And of course next Friday Maria Generos coming by and I'm not gonna be here, Meg Green's gonna show
And news talk, radio, 610WIO, the show's go over tonight, so why aren't either when Maria comes in?
Glad to see you, I don't want to spoil your trip back to Toronto, but we had a full board of calls immediately on the show
It looked like we were really gonna kick some ass here on a serious Friday
We got forced to go to the board because Gladys was hockin' a try to give out some of the most terminal stuff I've ever heard
Gladys, you're great, but don't ever do that again honey, we love you, but we don't want you to feel bad, but, but, but
Two open lines in day, 751 WIOD, one on the starline, star IOD
If you're a bell south mobility customer, please, by all means, give it a shot, okay?
And 655, 9463, 655 WIOD, it's not even 1030 yet, I had...
See I come in here every morning with a best of intentions and you know what they say about that
First of all, I get to... I'm coming in the hallway downstairs from the parking lot
And I hear a voice, it's plastic man back there, plastic man
Is that near Roger? Neil just come in? I'm not even... I'm not even three steps in the building already
He's down there haunting the kitchen, looking for me
What's he want? He wants me to go eat at a restaurant
Which by the way, the restaurant he's talking about, I don't have any spots for that on the log today
There's some recorded spots, I don't have any
So plastic man, I mean, you're just perfect for the sales department, you haven't got a clue what's going on back there
Then I get from there, I finally do get into the kitchen and here's George and Phil Latsman and a bunch of other hazards down there
And they're smearing pounds of cream cheese on about 45 bags of bagels
So naturally I couldn't resist that
Now I thought, well that's okay, it's not so bad
And I come up here and all of a sudden, many from Kendall is running around
It was on the board this morning because Reneerie was out of Gulfstream
And he's running around with these little things
And then Henry slips this guy in here and just fed me about 85,000 calories
And my blood sugar is probably like 7 billion now, but it was pretty good, I'll tell you that
It wasn't pretty good, it was spectacular
It was incredible
And I guarantee you this guy, I'm sure, because he's a gourmet chef
I guarantee you that he makes a lot of stuff that isn't, you know, like with sugar and sweet and fattening
Why would you bring in desserts at 9.30 in the morning?
You understand that? I don't get it
Not that I'm complaining Norman, but why would you bring in desserts at 9.30 in the morning?
Fort Lauderdale
A meal, happy St Patrick's Day
Yeah, top of the morning to you sir, and all that crap
First Mr. Riccolairelli
He's probably getting his stuff packed
I see they got two live Jews on today, which is pretty embarrassing
But that'll kill time and make it go by real fast, because his brain he said is an aspirin already
Or is asses in Colorado
And you are going to tell occasion for a day
We'll probably hear a lot more of that boring crap about snow skiing today sir, and that exciting?
I want to tell occasion of the Rick
Yeah
Van Ayrishu, Oigin, Schmeichlund
Is the ZR-freeving target
In the Myrishin, go after Zinc Tazisa, Malachnord
Van Ayrishu, Zinah
Have a nice life sir, 1029 at WIOD
Paisach is not for another week or two
We have at the two open lines in Dade County, 751 and 1 in Broward, 524
WIOD, here's a mobile in Del Rey
Hey Neil
Yes sir
We're a little worried about you buddy
Why?
Because you're eating all this
Can't hear you sir, and you know who that is of course
Let's go to the University of Miami, it says?
Neil, man
Okay, don't be screaming please
Oh, sorry, I got like a seven second lag, I feel like King Dixon here
Yeah
Let me tell you what you're about to do
Who the hell is this?
This is Gina
Oh, okay
What happened to the door, lady?
What do you mean what happened to her?
We want her back
She's around, she's hanging somewhere
Do you know what, have you been to see Quarrium?
No
You could see Debbie Elecid, 335, 2 shows a day
No, you don't have to go all the way over there, just come by our reception desk
See you in more cell, your despegs
Okay, see you Gina
Okay, Gladys, you sure did it to me, I'll tell you that
We got three calls left on the board, Gladys, I wouldn't wish this on Debbie and the Nashville
Dade County, nothing, Zipity Duda, 751, WYOD, Broward, we have an open line, Air 524
And one on a Palm Beach line at 6559463
Hallendale
Hallendale is also gone, okay, well we can weed these up pretty fast, George, and get back to the CDs
Let's try plantation
Okay, there's the ticker
Gladys, so help me, God, I want you to be, before the bus takes off for Toronto Gladys
I want them to bring you by here, okay, talk about nursing homes, we're gonna put you in one
What you did to me, I wouldn't do the foster hewitt and he's been dead for two years
Unbelievable what you did to this show, Gladys, shame on you or whatever your name is
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale
George, is there anybody on these lines? Hello
Hello, there's nobody on it George, Fort Lauderdale
Hey Neil, yes sir
Got a big report from you right out here in your neighborhood
Yeah, plantation, fine, I'm rising 118
There's two on a motorcycle and he's got his buddy in the median
Got something laying on the hood pointing at the oncoming traffic
Great, nice job guys
Well, anyway, have a handy day Neil
Okay, 1031 at WYOD, we have an open line at Broward, 5249463
Boy, Gladys, is the caller that killed Miami
We're gonna have a monument to her outside Maple Leaf Gardens
Miami
Rick and Suck, Suck
Okay, thanks a lot Greg, we'll be right home again
North Miami Beach
Yeah
Yeah
What's up?
What do you want?
Nothing safe, Dave County, you say nobody calls from Dave
Yeah
Yeah, come on, okay, thank you, have a good day sir
You know what, me?
Yeah, no, I'm here for you
Not going to him
Yeah, well you know, guess station, I have to go to the North Pole Station
Yeah
Wow
He said BP, man
Fantastic
The cheapest gas, 97.9
Wooo
Well, you know what they say on Friday, there's nothing like starting the day with little gas
Yeah, you're a noise, man
Yeah
What's up?
What's up?
Yeah, tell me
What the hell does that mean? What's up?
You don't sound like some kind of Neanderthal that would call a radio show and say what's up?
Okay, how do you do?
How do I do?
Yeah
Who do I do?
Who do I do?
Who do I do?
Well, if you want to reveal all the details
Not today
Not tomorrow
Okay, have a nice place, sir, man
In the same news, there are a season pay-soch and Zaygazoot and up yours
Oh, man, Gizoot and Stark
Okay
10.30
Hahaha
Wow, I'm going to tell you between that and the Raspberry sauce that was pure sugar and that
Chocolat things
My blood sugar is 40,000, my head is spinning, I feel like Jim Morrison on a bad day in a mushroom field
Man, this is the...
All I need is a little shot of helium now, that'll put me over the edge, wait a minute
Here we go
Wait a minute
I think we're getting a little low
That's starting to drip a little bit
It is, it's getting real low
But...
That's too shall pass
Boy, now I'm ready to go
I'm wound up like an alarm clock now
10.30
4.00 WYOD
Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine, Senot
Yes, sir, good phone
Good phone
God knows the doosh bag
Okay, sir, good call
We have an open line in the star line if you have a phone like that, give it a shot
Star IOD, POPPANO
Is there something wrong on that line?
Wait a minute
Hello
Are you in POPPANO?
I'm here
Are you in POPPANO?
Yeah
Well let me ask you a question, how come when I say POPPANO you don't respond?
I heard a...
But then nothing happened
Well what do you mean nothing happened? You didn't hear me say POPPANO hello?
I can hear it but it wasn't coming over the phone
What do you mean it wasn't coming over the phone? Where did you hear it?
I had it in my phone
On your pop-up toaster?
It was in my thing
Oh in your thing?
How about that not landing last night?
It wasn't on
Oh man it was incredible I was staying up waiting for it and it applied to college hoops
Oh get college hoops man the first 85 games don't count okay?
College hoops hoops hoops this
Yeah, right
But against to the final and by the way the team I picked Syracuse, gone
What happened?
What do you mean what happened they got beat?
It's unbelievable
Hyperhybe to my thing 72 to 69 or something they choked
How about that heat game?
I'm not interested in the heat I don't care about the heat
Call up Rick Riley and talk about Snowskying okay?
Okay sir
Okay
We have an open line in date who the hell are these misfits we're talking today?
Kind of like him so far 751 thanks a lot Gladys okay?
I hope that Frank Mahavlitz comes to your house and hides your dentures
That's how much I am upset about your called Gladys taking up all that time
Not going off all our great callers that we had at the beginning of the show
We had loads of great material that they were going to share with us and now they've forgotten already
But you'll have a good time in that nursing home Gladys
1035 at WIOD and we are going to come right back
Well now I'll tell you another thing that I really love
And is this at the pay saw her is at Hanukkah
The Jewish candies with the chocolate outside
And like that raspberry based on what do we call those?
Well that's really except chocolate covered jelly
That's the best you can do Cheryl
Oh by the way before the show started Cheryl was telling me some of the most incredible stuff
Oh God
I'm not saying what it was about
It was incredible wasn't it
And you'll be pleased to know that I was right
And that came up and apologized, she screwed up my check
And it was $440 short
Which was like the pocket change
But hey listen I was right
I told George how much the check was, now much it was really supposed to be
And he was on the floor for like two minutes
Hey listen, you know 31 years of crap from people
You got to get paid sooner or later, okay
Cheryl's mother is probably listening at the moment her hair is lovely
She looks just incredible today
But when I tell you what she told me before
It's gonna make you grow new hair in places where it's illegal and sunrise
Don't forget Elaine Heter will be here with the news in noon
Okay bye Cheryl
North Miami Beach, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
You know what I really love?
I love Reese's peanut butter cups and jelly donuts
Yeah this must be Dom Delewese
Is that one of the great movies?
The best scene of any movie in the history of mankind
Is the scene where he's sitting there with the two the chubby checkers, the two fat guy
And they're starting to talk, they're drinking the water
Oh yeah that's
The hot water and then he wants to get the honey junior
And then he rips all the cupboards off the wall they go into the speeding friends and they start
They start fantasizing about all these different kinds of food they like until he says if you ever stuff a Reese's
Peanut butter cup into a jelly donut and put it in the oven and let it on the chocolate melt into the
And they start fantasizing and getting hysterical now that in this blonde guy must wait like 700 pounds
He looks like he should be a receptionist at a radio station
And anyway and then they start just pulling the cupboards out ordering up the food
And then the scene where they're he's whipping up the stuff in the kitchen it's incredible
They're all fighting and we're from
And very and very relatable to Oscar Lapida
It was X, but we just wanted to let you know
And Ed Bankrock was great, she directed that I think she wrote it she was tremendous and she was great now
Oh it was X, but I thought last night for the first time I kept up with whoever you talking about
If anybody out there wants to see a hysterically funny movie this week and go on rent fan show with Dom Deloiz and Ed Bankrock
Excellent choice sir just want to let you know
Okay sir
Thank you much
Leave the canole bring the gun see you later a little switch on the godfather
By the way big movie starting today is it today the one with Gene Hackman what is the name of that supposed to be great
We've been pretty movie intensive last couple of weeks which is amazing because ordinarily this audience has no interest in movies at least if people have clothes on
But all of a sudden we become movie intensive
South Miami hello
Hi Neil how you doing okay
Listen I want to congratulate you and thank you for all the work you've done and the way you've pretty much kept this in perspective
Really going a great job that you did
What I wanted to ask you about you're from the northeast originally?
Yes sir
Well I got a job interview up there what do you have to say about that?
What do I have to say about it?
Yeah I'm not going to say the question is in a nice place for what?
Well the northeast is to be is the I don't know I mean the northeast is like not a place the northeast is like a lot of places where give me an idea
It's in Connecticut
Oh in Connecticut
Oh wow
Good bad
Or ugly
Connecticut's okay
I mean see Connecticut the one good thing about Connecticut is it's close enough to New York you can go there and do all the fun and great things but you don't have to live there
Okay then go back home and rest
Right exactly
In other words you've never been in the northeast?
Never been there
And you've got a job interview there when?
Next week
Next week?
Yeah
And you have no idea how cold and brutal and nasty and dank and grey and freezing and mung and icy and slippery and mushy it's going to be?
No
But the good part of it is if you have a job interview there and you take the job there like in about a month and a half or so that's when it's going to start it'll be beautiful
The summertime?
Oh yes so for like about six weeks it'll be great and it'll be sunny and then like it about October it'll start freezing and snowing again
Yeah yeah January it hurts a lot
Listen at least in the northeast there are living and breathing people and lots of stuff to do and you know if you can put up with the weather it's great
Yeah
Alrighty
Thank you a lot, Neil
Good luck pal
Bye-bye
You'll need it
Boy I think my blood sugar's up to about 700 now
Let's take up an office pool to see what time Neil croaks today okay?
But at least hey I'm going to go with a smile on my face and if I do feel something coming on I am going to lick the plate I got a close by here
In fact I'm going to just um...
Because George doesn't care
Mmm
Oh man
In fact the raspberry sauce on this dish the Norman van Aiken of Almondo restaurant in the Betsy Ross Hotel in the beach
No seriously the raspberry sauce reminded me of those raspberry candies
That we Jews we real devout religious Jews like me who only care about the food that we eat on Paisa
There must be a different name besides chocolate covered what does she call it chocolate covered?
What?
Whatever it was it was a stupid name Cheryl has got to be a name for those candies okay?
We always have some fancy name for everything
By the way did you see Elaine has just had her nails done in a hall she looks ravishing
I think she's going to get you with those
She looked like El Viron a bad day
Four Lauderdale
Hey Neil sounds like you're recovering pretty good from the light as it's called now
Yeah, wasn't that a great job?
Yeah I always unbelieve it vloggin' and believe you let it go on that long but she doesn't sound like that
But what the hell was that gonna do?
I mean if I wouldn't have begged off she'd still be talking
That's probably true
Question I'm the one who's gonna be meeting or one of the guys gonna be meeting Rick Riley out in Colorado
Oh wow
Wow
He said yesterday that before you left you asked him you said you might want to go
Yeah, and you believe that are you really that gullible?
You seem pretty convincing when I said that it doesn't sound like Neil
Well he's gonna sell you the Brooklyn Bridge when you meet him out there too because obviously you're an easy target
Well I'm sure I'll put you in the toilet
Elephants do not snow ski
Now listen let me say it again people that are interested in different things no problem okay but
But it's not interesting to hear about it on the airway in other words if it's
It's something that you have to be doing talking about snow skiing is not interesting to hear about
Well we're the biggest ski club in the country right now
But doing it is what's interesting not talking about not like baseball is a spectator sport so unless you're a player talking about it is interesting
But when it's something that you do yourself that it's a participatory thing talking about it is not too exciting
Well we might have a couple of good stories before you want to get there
Oh well that's another story yeah that's a will
Alright well we'll talk to you then
Have a great time
Okay don't ever talk about it on the year again
Yeah I'm sure that because I know how that deal is with vacations
With me I start counting the weeks until it's time to go I started about four months ahead
And then figure how many weeks before my vacation comes and then and it goes by pretty fast
All of a sudden it's like seven weeks and then it's three weeks in bingo
And when I do my summer vacation I've got 17 days because I leave on up after the Thursday show
I got Friday and then the whole weekend and then two weeks including two more weekends
So it comes out to 17 days and you're you know in Europe or Vegas or wherever you are
And you start counting the days and that's depressing
Because before you know it you're saying well I still got four days left
And then it's two and then you're on the plane coming back to hell
1049 of WIOD and we'll be right back
Barbie kitchen and too many hours in front of her Barbie TV
Game your favorite fashion dial the big Barbie behind
Oh wait Barbie
She's too big for her vet, wait too big for her vet and she'll need a whole new wardrobe
Now it takes two hands to jester
From fashion leader to binge eater she's over weight party
The brand new overweight Barbie doll with spandex pants and hoisting grain available now
And a rex and Ken sold separately
Okay, can we borrow that the hoisting crane 1053 at WIOD?
How about a couple of half gallons of Ben and Jerry's with that do it?
Okay, send it up front.
Pop it old.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You are doing it pal?
Yep.
I just wanted to say get up fast and...
Okay.
Bye.
Thanks a lot.
Chocolate covered candy is not the answer to my question
We must have some very aridite Jewish listener out there who knows what they call those
There's got to be a name for it.
It's got that like raspberry jelly chocolate covered jelly is not the answer, Cheryl
I'm sorry that's one of the lamest answers I've heard in my life.
Here's a mobile in the gables.
I'm Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm telling you you got a lot of anal retinue of people there today.
No, come on.
We got a great audience.
Colin, I want to tell you about something.
So far.
Yesterday on the news I saw about these two punk that went to this rally for the troops and they took credit for going over the golf
And they said they were in quate city and these punk were not even over in the middle east.
Yeah.
And they tried to take credit for it?
Well, they probably once a day in W and homestead and wanted to take credit for it.
Pretty weak.
Yeah.
Somebody's we should have sent him out to LA for the cops to work over.
Right?
Just a little occasional beating here.
Shake them out?
Exactly.
Or just send them up to a four-letter day.
Nickel take care of them.
Hey, you're putting some planes.
You're putting some planes.
Right.
I got a request from you.
Wait a minute.
You're calling the other callers today, anal-retentive douchebags and you have a request?
And then that kind of request.
And an easy request.
My father really digs you so that makes him kind of strange right away.
Why is that?
Well, I like you.
I like you.
I have a lot of old posts seen aisle people who love the show.
He's at that stage, but he's a douchebag.
My father and I are really close, but he is a douchebag.
Yeah.
And I think you should call him one.
Sir, if you listen to the show, I don't call anybody a douchebag.
How about calling him?
I might make an exception for you.
The callers do that, sir.
Could you tell him a...
I can't do it.
Why can't you tell him?
Why do you have to have somebody else do your journey work, sir?
That would be the ultimate for him.
What?
You told him that she's definitely a douchebag.
No, I don't use that kind of language on the ear, sir.
What is his name?
Doug.
Mr. Antosa's Doug.
Thanks.
Okay.
Even Laura knows what that means because she's...
Now, Laura, wait a minute.
Where'd she go?
Laura.
Now, what...
She just went through all these becoming very Jewish classes and she's got a masseuse around her thing and she's really...
So, you know, I'm Passover, which is coming up almost any moment.
We eat those chocolate-covered candies with like the raspberry jelly inside.
Have you had those?
Yeah, she's the same one that brought me those little triangle humontosh and about the size of your thumb.
That are a joke.
Well, find out.
There's somebody.
We got to have one or two other token Jews.
Oh, we find out.
Oh, here we go.
And Bointin Beach.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is the answer?
Okay, there.
A company named Joyba makes them...
Ah!
Joyba.
Right.
Jelly Reigns, jelly squares, jelly sticks.
They make the halivotha.
They make the chocolate-covered marshmallows.
Yeah.
Full of good stuff.
And there was a lining fat somewhere.
And bankruptcy is talking to the brother.
Yeah.
And he's describing the scene in the kitchen.
And he goes, and the two-footed finger he thought it was halivotha.
Isn't that one of the greatest movies ever?
It's great and it's true to life and some people don't believe it.
I remember one lady calling you up going, oh, that was so unreal.
Well, it was not unreal at all.
I can relate to it.
I had a cousin that was 40 years old buried in a piano box.
Yeah.
They just couldn't buy anything to take it away.
The movie opens with a scene where they're burying, um,
and bankrupts nephew.
Isn't he the nephew?
Cousin.
And a guy that he's like a kid.
He's like, what, 19 or something.
No, he's 20.
Oh, he's 39.
And he died.
Oh, I thought he was, and he died, right?
And they're burying him.
It looks like an a piano case.
Right.
And it's being fat, young guy.
And it's behind the heart.
Yeah.
And they're carrying on and the mother is carrying on.
And an bankrupt is screaming and screaming at him and yelling,
you bastard.
And at the body.
And, and, and, uh, Dondalawiz is going to get water.
And the kitchen for everybody that's crying in hysterical.
And he takes the little end of the bread, the Italian bread.
And he sticks it, puts a fork in it.
And he sticks it in the sauce that's cooking in the big pot on the stove.
And he's crying.
And he's crying.
And he's hysterical.
All of a sudden he eats the bread.
And he says, man, he starts getting happy.
And he's calmed down.
And, uh, it's incredible.
I watched that about every three months.
Then, after he's got the sauce on it,
then he just lightly dips it in the big thing of Parmesan cheese.
Right?
I used to do that when I was a kid.
Oh, man.
Well, thanks for the answer, sir.
You're a Juiva forever.
Thank you.
Happy Paisa.
1057 at WIOD.
We have an open line indeed.
751-9463.
And what in Broward?
Oh, here I think my nose is starting to twitch a little bit.
I think the strokes come in any second.
524-WIOD in Broward.
And star-IOD on the Abelsoff Mobility Line,
which is ringing as I speak.
Let's take a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Dale.
Dale.
Hold on a second.
Don't blame you, Henry.
Now, let's blame Norman, uh,
what's his name?
Van Aiken at the Betsy Ross Hotel at 1440 Ocean Drive on Mime Beach
for bringing me all that delicious, fattening dessert crap.
Next time, tell him to bring something that's not the dessert.
Like, uh, in about an hour.
Yes, sir.
Dale.
Yeah.
Good morning.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
Uh, fat.
You alright?
Fat.
You know, keeping joy with sticks and you will get fat.
I'm, don't have it yet.
Well, go down, you bit this plenty around.
They are delicious, aren't they?
Yeah, they are.
Oh.
That's my biggest weakness.
Let me ask you.
Last week, I'm not a horse player in the fight, but I listen to a lot.
And, uh, I went down to Pompanor Res for our dinner.
That's a Christmas Christmas.
I just thought, you know, quit star-IOD on your shirt.
What a lucky guy.
Huh?
What a lucky guy.
I got through a quick 20-hundred and see.
Are you serious?
I'm lucky, yeah.
And got 260 back.
That's right.
Alright.
And I look today and I don't see Christmas fish.
Money.
Tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
Yeah, they couldn't fill a race on Friday, so it's going to be tomorrow night in the ninth race.
Oh, kidding.
Alright.
Good morning.
You'll be right there again.
I'm going to go to the end tomorrow night then, yeah.
I don't know if I'm going to be right there.
Yeah, he should be good tomorrow, because there's a lot of speed in that race.
He got best money and probationer and wall-offer's a lot of speed.
He's going to come from behind again.
He could be right there.
I hope so.
Did you see that?
Did you?
I looked in a paper and I saw that good silk paid a hundred and forty some more dollars.
Yeah.
That way that was comfortable.
Hunger.
That's why I paid so much.
Good luck, pal.
Listen, thanks.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
We'll need it.
Okay, we have two open lines in both enbroward.
524-Joyva.
524-9463.
Henry Barrow, the man who is going to put me in my grave before my time, has the 11 o'clock W.Y.O.D. news.
Let me see if I can lick the plate one more time here.
Oh, man.
Mmm-hmm.
Then we'll come back at 11 o'clock.
Rick and Stodds would two live Jews and Jovah Jelly had two.
Jeff DeForest on Sports Talk, Hank Goldberg, a previous D'Arbiet 8 tonight.
The fourth, although it is nice.
Croco Rucker presents for the first time anywhere.
A fabulous two-recker collection of pop music.
Spread his stutterers like Foxman's turn her over, drive.
The baby is the enemy in that city.
The incomparable David Bowie.
The greatest names in pop music stammering and stuttering.
They're way to the top and there's one amazing record offer.
The whole...
Him, Pam, the...
Those Jackson.
Prince.
Three generations of great stutters and stammer.
And if you like now, Croco will grow in a fabulous collection called Ronson Rollin' with James Brown.
Teddy Rogers, Pat Benatar, Musk anymore.
If you try to buy these ruckus, they probably put you away.
You can only get a Croco, Brunson Grown, plus Studders and Stammer.
From Crapco, where are we saved?
If you'll buy this, you'll buy anything.
Yeah, thanks a lot. Henry's got Norman Venikens, but what do you his agent?
Are you just sucking around for more free wine?
And I noticed that everything is swimming in rich, fattening, cholesterol, laden, sauce.
What a way to go.
Feast of sunlight.
Yeah, right. Keep your fruit.
By the way, I see Henry's looking to play, too.
He likes that grappa on there.
Anyway, we have an open line in Broward 524WYOD.
We're having a little Friday morning feast here.
As we get by the way, I have a little birdie just stuck his head in the door.
Said they have sold 61,000 seats for the two baseball games.
Boy, I'll tell you, you sure get mixed stories about what's going on in this town.
But if that is true, let's say it's like about 38 for Saturday and about 22 for Sunday.
We got a good start because we have two weeks to go.
And let me say it again, if you want to give us a big helping boost
or getting major league baseball in town, because you know damn well,
they're going to be really looking to see how we pack that stadium those two nights, two days rather.
Saturday night the 30th and Sunday afternoon the 31st.
You can call ticket master or you can buy tickets for the games that select
record drug stores, Sears, Sound Warehouse, Q Records.
In date, you can call 358, 5885.
In Broward, 523, 3309 or in Palm Beach, 839, 3900.
And we really hope we have a big turn out.
The reason I played the Randy Martin thing is because she's sitting in a control room right now getting ready for her big two-hour show on Sunday.
That's not even worth coming in for, is it for two hours?
Well, I guess you have to keep your face before the public.
4 to 6 pm after you end baseball, Randy Martin.
And of course, we used to be very hostile toward Randy until we thought out that Dave Graveline was going to be doing a little weekend work here.
So we love Randy now.
See if you stick around long enough by default.
And speaking of Dave Graveline, I see Manny from Kendall. Is he coming in there now?
Sooner or later, these guys all get their cronies in here, man. It's embarrassing.
Too much cronies in this business.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Did you ever suck the jelly?
Yeah. Is he gone?
Out of a donut. What happened to him?
Are you there? I think he swallowed it.
That's part of that scene in Fanzo.
He said, did you ever suck the jelly out of a jelly donut?
I forget exactly how it goes. What?
Yeah, we got something for you, Manny. Okay? Something you can relate to.
There's an open line in Broward. I started to say at 524WYOD.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Morning, Meele. Yes, sir.
I think these bad calls are affecting your board office.
Seems like he's got a really bad put over there.
Or bad calls. We haven't had one bad call yet except Gladys.
Gladys, you got a lot of cranks, too.
We have nod.
What was that left, guy?
He was not a crank. He was a line from the movie Fanzo.
Oh, okay.
You've never seen the movie. No, I haven't.
No, it's part of the same scene where they're fantasizing.
He's with this group, Chubby Checkers, where if you get an urge to eat,
you call this number and they send these two fat guys over who are on the same program
and they keep you from eating, from bingeing.
And the bottom line is Dom Delewis sits around with these other two fat guys.
They start fantasizing about all these great things they love to eat
and then they just lose control.
They start ripping the cupboards off the wall and ordering up ice cream and pizzas
and making pasta.
They go into an eating orgy. It's incredible. It's one of the great scenes ever.
It's kind of like you in Far Red. Right.
Meele, I had a little radio. Actually, this is the second call this week.
I hope you don't get angry with me.
But I had a radio. I had a radio call in a week is not chronic.
Unless it becomes like the second call every week.
Oh, okay.
Sandy from Kendall, who yesterday showed her big butt to the entire universe.
Did you hear that call yesterday? No, I didn't.
We were lucky. No wonder you're in a good mood.
I missed that one.
I had a radio accident this morning.
Yeah.
Your pal Mike Miller.
My buddy.
Yeah. What's his deal?
He's not only feels like happier material, but now he's running a trip to Chicago.
Yes, somebody called about that yesterday.
And he's going crazy about the cops.
Yeah. He sounds just like you.
No, I don't think he sounds just like me.
I think that's terrible.
He's doing his best to try it.
Yeah.
And I just wondered is he from Chicago?
He's from hunger as far as I know.
I know that he used to be here in this chair on this radio station until he wised up
and got his boring ass out of here.
Oh, he used to be on IOD.
Oh, yeah. Back in the days when we had Sandy and sugar cookies.
I bet you're pretty soon he starts playing Harry Carey stuff on here.
There is a fly ball right back at my base.
It's in here.
Speaking of WIOD and W.
What is Randy Martin doing?
Is she just going back and forth from station to station?
I've heard her on Saturdays and when you're at station in Sundays up here.
I'm just wondering what is her.
She's become the radio butterfly.
She has a contractor.
Now on buscane in 79th they have another word they used to write,
but I'll be diplomatic.
She's the radio butterfly.
Hopping from one station to another pollinating everything she can.
Are you going to the track tonight, Mio?
No, tonight?
Yeah.
Tomorrow night.
You're not going tonight?
I'm not that I know of.
Christmas list isn't running tonight.
Tomorrow night.
Oh, okay.
I just got through town this guy that like four seconds ago.
Ninth race tomorrow night.
All right.
Well, I was kidding in my car.
This is Mr. Shind.
Well, by the way, so maybe all right.
Oh, yeah.
And you didn't show up Wednesday.
We had that incredible thing between Wally, Hennessy and Peter Rent.
And you jerks in the newspapers here.
Didn't write one word about it either, by the way.
Dave Joseph, you screwed up big time.
Now, see when I go.
I know.
Probably because my good friends at Poppano didn't tell anybody about it.
I'm serious.
Wednesday was one of the most exciting nights I've seen in any track ever.
I'm a real bird, Neil.
You sit up there, is not you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you wouldn't see me if I wasn't there.
But you weren't there.
How did you know?
Were you?
No.
Because if you would have been there, you would have had a comment about it.
Because you had to just freak out about what a great...
I mean, all right.
Every race that Wally and Peter were in, it was like a match race.
I mean, they were like down the backstretch head and head nose to nose.
They were like three or four races when they came down the stretch right together
and the last race, which was the deciding one.
It went all the way right to the end.
They came right down the stretch together and Wally wanted on the outside and won the whole thing.
Wow.
Great.
Wow.
Sounds like it was a good time.
It was.
All right.
Don't screw up again next Wednesday.
Now I won.
Okay.
Take care.
See you.
Two open lines and Broward, 524.
WIOD.
But again, nothing was in the newspapers.
It's just what a horseman or a town.
It's so hard to promote anything positive that happens here because they've all got their own little thing.
And there's Bob Rubin in the herald writing about the Yankees again.
And what a great year it's going to be for the Yankees and all that's a...
Come on.
Wake up and sniff the pansies.
Will you?
Ever since grade school, you were taught that two is greater than one.
That's what they say at the window at Pompo.
As you got older and invested, you're harder in dollars.
You wanted the biggest return for your buck.
Today's simple arithmetic tells you that a yield of 10.04% is higher than 7 or 8%.
And today, if you're not getting a 10.04% return on your investment, then you're failing math right now, dummy.
You get a 10.04% yield by investing in AAA rated CMOs from Curlin Securities.
An investment of $37,800 will grow to over 125,000 in about 10 years.
Then it pays you principal and interest income over the remaining life of the bond.
Total return, 204,000 all for that original investment of $37,800 better than a superfecta.
Perfect for IRA rollovers, keel contributions before April 15th are retirement plans.
So pass your math course with AAA rated 10.04% CMOs, realized yields and prepayment rates may be affected by market conditions which can and do change.
Both are based on prepared formulas and past performance of underlying collateral minimum investment for this by the way is 15,000.
Call now toll free 1-800-541-9177.
That's 1-800-541-9177 for Curlin Securities, members N-A-S-D-N-S-I-P-C.
A name you can count on, a name you can trust.
11-16-1-W-I-O-D have some very bad news for the people in the audience who are like my age.
Which is almost nobody because I would say probably I don't know what percent most of the people listening to this show are younger than I am, like a lot.
Although when you live in South Florida no matter how old you are the good part of it is that most of the population is older than you are.
A lot, even if you're like 90.
Mike Love of the Beach Boys is 50 years old today.
You're very body-hatton-ho, across the USA.
And that's depressing. Boy, if we had it or what?
50 years old today. Which is older than I am, which is something there's one.
Boy, here's a pig report in the starline. Hello.
Is he gone?
There's got a ticket.
What is it?
I've never gotten it.
Okay, so you're good luck to you. You just got a ticket, but also they ought to give a ticket to his phone.
Okay, did you hear that? I did.
I did.
I got it.
Press wait.
Get a new phone, pal.
Okay, so if the pig is still hanging around, go back and give another ticket for a bogus cellular phone.
There's an open line in Broward 5249463-524WID.
Can you believe that Mike Love is 50 years old today?
God is that depressing.
And all you young whippersnappers, as you grow older, I know this sounds like one of those awful things
that all you're a grandparents in your old phogey parents tell you.
But as you get older, you will associate with the people you grew up with.
And all of a sudden when they say like Madonna is 65,
and you say,
Oh, hey, I'm getting old.
You'll be really depressed.
Pretty soon they're going to be selling Ricky Schroeder is 72.
And you know something, he'll still be the same little twit when he's 72.
He's just, he gets on my nerves bad, big time, huh?
Rick.
Oh, it's Rick now, yeah, they butched him up.
He's always the sheriff now with little moustache and the gun and the, yeah, right.
Man.
Anyway, it's 1118 to WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward 524WID.
Dave Graveline and Manny just out in the hall comparing notes I see.
I bet you you're going to be working the board during his show too, aren't you?
Yeah, that ought to be real cozy, Manny.
Let's go to Miami Lakes, huh?
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Are listening with that new hooplo over the new baseball team?
Yeah.
We're not supposed to be playing much for your team, the more league, you know.
In the national league, sir.
It'll be the east most likely.
Well, they don't know that yet.
I mean, I don't understand how they put Atlanta and the east and St. Louis in the west.
No, St. Louis is not in the west.
I mean, dirt, but the outweigh.
Atlanta's in the west and St. Louis is in the east.
Yeah, but geographically speaking now.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, maybe we could just move the cities.
That would straighten it out.
It should be a better airport.
In fact, let's move Atlanta out west.
Be no great loss.
All right.
Just want to also call right on the match.
Well, from Barry Chiebler's evening.
Okay.
We have an open line today.
And day 751 at one in Brown.
What do you want?
Yeah, give him a, come to kiss this.
Okay.
Come to kiss my talkus.
All right.
They've brave line.
Man, do they, I don't know how, what do we do?
We go out and hire the, I'm not even going to say it.
This boy, Gary, I know he can find them.
Radio drifters, every stinking one of them.
That's all right.
We got a little surprise for you, Dave.
I have this little device for the phone when you come in here on Sunday morning to do weekend
magazine when Chuck is on vacation.
I have this little device that makes the lights go out on the phone so you can have like
all eight lines ringing, but you won't see any lights flashing.
Payback is a bit, stay-a-tisted joke for lack.
We got another break to do now.
How come I crossed it off already?
We didn't do two breaks, did we?
Well, I'm getting so far ahead of myself, I already crossed it out.
Meantime, there's an open line in Broward, 524, John Harper is God, 524.
Oh, my old board ops from KAT, they're all like hot shots now.
They're all walking around owning radio stations and big hot shots, executives,
when Glenn Hutton called yesterday from all these pissed pots that are like hot shots.
And all the rest of us, man, kind of like life is passing us by.
And sometimes I feel that it is, you know, we'll be right back.
We went through the doorway with the curtain, then they have other rooms,
the pool and things like that because they showed the picture with the magazine.
Anyway, I thought I'd tell them where it was and they wanted to go.
It's about a mile or two, 441.
I know for all both of us.
Wait, well after lunch, the whole staff are going to get in a bus and we're all going up there, check it out.
Alright.
Okay.
See ya.
Hey, my hubby's got an idea for Neil.
Real quick.
Alright.
For who?
Neil.
