Special place known as
Burp Enders.
Gosh, Burp Enders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but
I just knew that when the moment of proof came, I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burp Enders.
No shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling, smelly belches,
no more stopping in mid-sittance to uncoork a big cheesy blaster.
Just caring professionals and the help you need.
Don't wait. Here's the number to call.
5, 2, 8, 7, 7, 5, 5, 5, 5,
Burp Enders.
For today, I'm stopped being so close.
Okay, chokes me up.
1246 in W.I.D.
Let's put him in the car and put the clemenza in the back seat.
Leave the neck, bring the canole.
Anyway, speaking of canole, Jeff over at Pizza Loft is doing it.
He's got those great canolees right now and lots of other great stuff in order
to help families and the rest of us save a little money and still be able to enjoy a nice evening out of the great place to eat.
Jeff at Pizza Loft is now offering a complete dinner for two for just 12.95.
And you know how much food he gives you like gobs and tons.
That includes your choice of any two of these on trays.
Jeff's award-winning lasagna with tomato or meat sauce,
stuffed shells with tomato sauce, spaghetti with tomato or meat sauce,
manacotti with tomato sauce, or eggplant parmesan with tomato sauce,
eat your heart out and eat your hearts out.
However many you got.
Anyway, that's your choice of any two of the on trays I just mentioned for just 12.95
Mondays through Wednesdays at Pizza Loft.
Good for inside the dining room or takeout or delivery.
And don't forget Pizza Loft except your visa or match the card on deliveries too,
which is almost unheard of.
They also have catering as little as four bucks per person if you're having a party like for Purim.
And we all know that it's the home of the world's best pizza at Pizza Loft,
including pizza prepared with whole wheat crust if you're little on the healthy side.
And be sure to try their delicious calzone pizza or that stuffed fougaza pizza,
which is like nothing you've ever had before.
And be sure and join me Tuesday March 19th, 5 to 8 p.m.
as we inaugurate the new Neoronja's dining room at Pizza Loft.
We'll have prizes, surprises, including free dinners to be given away,
free autograph pictures and a bunch of crap.
That's the official grand opening of the Neoronja's dining room at Pizza Loft,
Tuesday March 19th, 5 till 8 p.m.
And don't forget their number by the way for a delivery or takeout, 266, 5111.
266, 5111, outstanding goodies waiting for you at the Pizza Loft upstairs at 69th and Flagler Street,
just east of the Palmetto Inn, morbid Miami.
Okay, we're under a lot of pressure.
Now we have a general short scoff, our kind of guy is going to be doing the military briefing at 1 o'clock.
And now see, that's worth listening to because he's great.
He really calls it like it is. They're like his sneakers too.
We have two open lines. They're in Dade County 7519463 751 WIOD.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
How you doing? Okay.
I've never seen a short scoff and ed adner together.
That's a good point.
Geez, I forgot what the heck I was going to request.
Well, that wasn't too bad.
No, this was a blank schedule.
We could say goodbye before you remember your request.
No, no. Did I hear you mention you might play Duane Stop on Friday?
You must be having like some kind of a mental attack.
So you said it?
Just be having a big macket attack.
You said it?
No, I did not. I mean, it was joking about it.
If I wanted to play it, it's not in here.
I know, but I bet you somebody would bring it to you.
We gave the card away.
What else would he would bring it to?
If you were going to play it, they would bring it to you.
How about, uh...
Well, I have two.
I know it.
I...
Yeah.
I know you just played the birdhater call, which is a great card.
What about, uh, Dirty Harry Carrey?
Yeah.
Uh, let's see.
You know, we haven't had one lady caller all day,
and that's why we're not hearing about, and the sea stood still as night,
because it's only women calling about that kind of crap.
And not one.
I can't believe it.
They probably can't get through.
We've been just loaded with jerk balls today.
Dirty Harry Carrey, there it is, sir.
Well, I appreciate it.
Is that service with a pile, with a smile or what?
Both.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck to you.
He's back, and he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit consumers.
Clint Eastwood is Dirty Harry Carrey.
Hello everybody, this is Harry Carrey with Steve Stone,
and the f***ing cops are getting this f***ing beat out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance
as the legendary Cubs broadcaster.
There's action.
The pitch!
Strike it!
The f***ing bull right past clogs!
Suspense.
It's f***ing spicy!
It's f***ing cut me!
It is a f***ing override!
Romance.
Oh, look at the f***ing Tom Madprog Steve!
Holy cow s***!
Clint Eastwood is Dirty Harry Carrey,
coming to a theater near you.
Prof. 52 at W.I.D.
Binance is to get to this call in Miami on one,
because George usually puts the place they're calling from next to the city.
Now, is that where they're calling from?
Is that an editorial comment?
Miami.
Hey, Neil!
Yeah.
You want from the guys in the office down here in Miami.
We want to call you a raghead.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're a raghead.
Okay.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it, buddy.
Good job, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Slimeball.
I can't do nothing I hate worse than people are called names, Jackass.
There's an open line in Dave County, 751 nerd.
You know what I might play today?
How come I don't hear it?
Is it not queued up?
Is the cart pot open?
Wouldn't that be something if that isn't queued up?
That would be one of the most embarrassing.
That means somebody else would be a fiddly farting around with it.
If it's not queued up, because I know the last time I played it, it was queued up.
Trust me what I tell you.
It's on a long cart.
Let me see how long the cart is.
Oh, four and a half.
But it's a long bit.
Are you sure the cart pot is open?
And nothing is coming out?
Well, wait a minute.
Yeah, cart pots open.
All right.
I like that when he gets it.
It's like he's got a chicken bone stuck in his throat there.
You just get that last sound.
Like the last cackle.
So I guess that cart's queued up.
You'll have to wait.
We'll build up a little suspense on that.
You'll have to wait till next hour.
Let's take a lady in Hollywood.
Hello, Neil.
A lady.
Hello, Neil.
Where have the ladies been today?
And Neil, we're always here on behalf of all of the female listeners.
I would just like to wish you a very happy anniversary.
Well, thank you so much.
And we hope we have you around for another 15 minutes.
Right.
And we'd just like to call Saddamah,
who's saying today a major douchebag.
Right.
So to be a former douchebag we hope.
Yes, and exactly.
And on behalf of all the female listeners,
I'd just like to wish you a very, very happy anniversary.
Have a good one.
Thank you so much.
You made our entire day.
All right.
See ya.
And if you believe that.
Anyway.
So if you're real nice to me,
I might play that in the one to two hour.
I think we will.
If we have time, of course.
Because Andy's in there,
he's been plotting with the news people.
He put in a call to Saudi Arabia,
the general short scoff,
he says, we haven't had too much going on today.
We tried with President Bush.
That was great.
I got a hand at you.
People in the newsroom.
That was even CNN didn't have that speech on.
And if they don't care it,
you know there is no chance of there being anything.
Because they have it all.
They got a lot of time to fill.
And we put that thing on.
And Elaine was on doing her hair in there
and twitting around.
And just the most, how long was he on?
20 seconds?
Man, he was addressing the FWA,
the former Wimps of America.
Bointen Beach.
Yeah, you finally got me, huh?
We finally got you, sir.
Here's your big chance in the sunshine.
Listen, I have a request for a phone call.
I want to hear the Mr. Saddam.
Mr. My mother loves that, so I will put it in.
She just loves that because she liked the Mr. Sandman
by the Cordettes.
And I also have a poem.
A poem?
Yes.
A little pig, little pig.
Let us come in.
Not by the hair on my big fat wife's chin.
Then we'll blow you away at the raw sheet hotel.
We'll blow your big fat ass straight into hell.
Yeah.
Outstanding.
Wait a minute.
What'd you say at the end there?
Good job.
No auditioning on ears, sir.
Thank you.
12.56.
And let me say this again.
This is not something we made up.
It's all those long, dark nights of bombing over Baghdad.
Had CNN's Peter R.
and at thinking of more pleasant things.
His girlfriend Kimberly Moore, an FSU graduate.
Our net 56 called Moore 23 and proposed marriage reports the Washingtonian.
One little hitch, it says, our net is still married.
But he's promised more than after he divorces his wife.
He will marry her all in the name of gloves.
Isn't that great?
What a douchebag.
I told you he's a douchebag.
Here's the mobile in Halea.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
OK.
You've been doing a great job all along.
Right?
This whole war thing.
Yeah, but not getting off the war thing.
Not getting off the war thing.
A couple weeks ago I talked to you.
You're a big race horse fan.
And I said I was in a greyhound industry.
And on the news this morning.
What do you drive a bus?
Yeah.
No, the race dogs, race dogs, racing dogs.
But anyway, on the news this morning, there was on the news cast.
The He-West dog track was shut down by the State Racing Commission.
For what?
Well, the news read, Mounting Christian starving dogs, fraudulent papers, racing under the wrong
way.
They're making them go on a herald?
Yeah, they should go on a herald.
But actually, to the public, I mean, it's very misleading to the public as far as whoever
owns Key West dog track, I know firsthand that they didn't dispose of the waste properly.
And they were watering down in Monroe County.
I believe caught them dumping it into the county sewer system.
Yeah, and a lot of people were waiting in it up to their waste.
Well, you know, they're pretty touching down there in the Keys on the water.
Touchy feeling.
Touchy feeling.
I know how that is.
But how are they on the Keys?
Anyway, the greyhound industry, it's a good clean, fun sport.
I must of course, you're a jackrabbit.
Yeah.
But again, we won't, we won't knock the horses against dogs.
No, sir.
But every dog has its day, that's what they said.
Anyway, my brother-in-law, if you listen, and I like to call him a sweet bag in which he's happy birthday.
Okay, sir.
George, you're a sweet bag, you're doing a good job in happy birthday.
Have a great life.
I do like the timing on that baby, huh?
Incredible.
Okay, we got a couple of open lines, but why bother now?
Because we're coming back in about six hours.
We're going to pause the military briefing with General Norman Schwartzkov,
who they don't get any better than him.
I'll turn to that right now.
That's coming up here now in this very place.
And then we'll come back soon, a related Rick and Scott had two.
Sonny and Joe lie from Duralon's sports talk at 605.
Kane's beat the Gators 720, Hank Goldberg, right after baseball,
until 11 o'clock tonight.
24-hour coverage of the war in the Gulf.
A news dog radio, 610 WIOG, by any board water day.
Of course.
News talk radio, 610 WIOG presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOG from day.
Inbroward, it's 524 WIOG, bomb each 655 WIOG,
and bell-soft mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest-host are callers
and not necessarily those musicians.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a news dog radio, 610 WIOG.
Let me tell you something.
The only thing bigger than the one to two-hour is that Debbie Alice.
Boy, it's Shia Kow!
Oh!
Mr. Saddam, you really mean.
I bet you never thought meeting to be.
Your filthy greed has caused you to plunder.
And now your diaper-headed days are number.
You're a man.
Saddam who's saying.
I think that you must have stand on the brink.
We'll blow you to slavery.
Mr. Saddam, you're gonna get creed.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Saddam, you crazy be.
We're looking for you on a radar screen.
He's so calm out where you can be seen.
No way!
Mr. Saddam, you will.
Please believe, Mr. Saddam.
You will get real.
Oh no!
What is it?
What's the question?
OK.
130 at WIOD.
I wouldn't say he was enthusiastic with you, Normie.
He was just gushing with enthusiasm, just bubbling with fun.
We are just kicking their ass.
And boy, his sneakers even were pumped up.
Do you notice that?
Anyway, let's take a call or two.
Oh, we got tiny on the phone.
Yes, I'm from near how are you?
OK, tiny.
I just thought it was a call from the house.
No, seriously, it says tiny on the screen.
I thought I'd punch it up in here.
No, this is a friend.
I just called to say happy anniversary.
Well, thank you so much, tiny.
And so do you please be by sometimes...
By the light of the slippery moon.
No, sometimes...
By Mirbistusche.
No, by Bill.
Dude, for this wonderful thing.
Well, remember you talked to me last week.
I was a friend of Rick's.
I gave him a bat that was congrypused for his kid.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not a Yankee fan.
Yeah.
You dumped me because I asked you if you wanted to.
Oh, listen, Mike, you was just a little ludge joke.
OK, just like what probably hang up on you another minute here.
I would have dumped a Yankee fan, too.
Yeah.
You know what I had to do to get that?
I had some Yankee pictures I traded them.
You know how many Yankees it took to get a Ryan Sandberg?
87.
Two Mickey Manels, a Whitey Ford, and Blake Gooden and two Jose Concecos.
Yeah.
Just to get a Sandberg.
So you see what New Yorkers are worth.
I just thought I'd call it and you know how I got...
I was wondering what Jose Conceco had to do with the Yankees,
but I guess part of that last name fits in there.
Yeah.
Oh, he's a Miami, and so I guess he should fit in with that same type of guy.
He fits right in.
Oh, yeah.
Sir, I just thought I'd let you know where you got picked.
No, I appreciate it.
It's great.
I'm going to put it on the wall and I'll do it in baseball season.
Now, by the way, Rhino, they broke off negotiations.
The thing was in a paper this morning, so it comes better to get back with it.
Oh, so now he's not even going to be on the team now.
No, no, he's...
But I mean, this is his last, like, this is the last year, you know,
the option year and then they got to reassign him.
He'll be there this year.
He'll be there forever, but he just wants $80 billion or something like that.
They should be there this year.
People will just give him Jose Conceco's cars.
Well, thanks again, Mike. You're a great American.
You're off.
Okay.
Thank you, guys.
Bye.
Very emotional experience.
If you could see this, this is...
I mean, this isn't just like a baseball car.
This is a big plaque with a full-color picture and an autograph and little thing on a bottom.
Man, it's great.
We have an open line at Dave County, 751-9463-751-WILD.
So the major league baseball mavens are all done.
They went to Orlando yesterday or two days ago in St.P. yesterday.
And the word is, you know, everybody...
They were happy with everybody, but we're going to get it.
We are going to get it.
It's going to be great.
Hank and I will be doing the games, probably on another station.
Anyway, something really fantastic going on again this weekend.
Toyota of Hollywood has been selling so many cars during the anniversary sale.
I mean, they've just had people lined up literally, selling them like flapjacks in Ojas.
So this weekend comes celebrate again with Toyota of Hollywood take advantage of that special anniversary savings on all new Toyota cars, trucks and vans,
and a great selection of pre-owned cars and trucks, anniversary sale price lower than ever before again this weekend.
So if you missed out the last couple of weekends, get in there again now because they just are going nuts.
People are grabbing up great values like brand new sporty 91 Celicas sale price as low as 11,399 true sales,
super anniversary sale price from 8889, 91 Toyota trucks from as little as 7295 and Camry's 91 brand new ones as little as 10,0888.
Go in there and gobble up a fantastic deal or whatever else you can gobble this weekend at Toyota of Hollywood.
You'll find them on 441 just south of Sheridan Street in the Andertal depressing archaic Hollywood.
Ooh, here she comes.
She's tall.
She's thin.
Glamorous.
Arabimous.
Sophisticated.
Emeciators.
She's the fashion doll that eats like a pig but looks like a swing.
She's...
Believing party.
The new eating disorder doll from Heavetown.
You'll have hours of fun tossing cookies in your bifey kitchen calling your alphanur along your barbie foam or just blowing lunch in your barbie bourgeois.
Believing party.
Some dolls wet and some dolls fuzz.
But only Believing Barbie drives the boysle and boys.
The new Believing Barbie doll from Heavetown.
Batteries not digested.
Here that's Sally.
Watch it.
1025 at WIWDU.
We got so much stuff.
I get into there and no one will ever do it.
Plantana.
That was disgusting.
That was grotesque.
Wasn't it great?
It was outstanding.
I give it about a 73 on a scale of one.
I fell asleep during the tail end of that movie last night.
Foolyosi was giving his sonation speech.
What happened after that?
Did they convince her?
No.
They let her off.
They had a hung jury.
I guess they must have let them look.
Seriously, they had a hung jury.
They weren't hung.
The judge kept sending it back and then it was 10-2 and it got closer.
Finally, they came back and they got her off.
Did you see the end of the summation?
I don't remember.
He came up with a key to the whole thing was if they had both conspired to kill us couple.
They certainly weren't going to drop the bodies right by the island.
They would drop it off in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Nobody would ever find them.
We would never have been that stupid and the point is that because he killed them,
he had a dump them over there so she wouldn't know about it and then they took off.
And she wouldn't talk about that.
And that was the key to getting her off.
And that was it.
We never saw, I mean at the end they pointed out he's in jail and he's eligible for parole in 2006
and she's doing something somewhere out in hell.
But we never really saw what happened.
And the guy who called in the other day said that he made the husband walk to plank.
And I don't know where we got the information unless this guy confessed and told a whole story.
Maybe so.
Because that's he's the only one who would be able to tell that.
The only thing that we saw that I saw is that it was about the murder.
Was that dream she had with the chainsaw?
Right, I like that.
Yeah, that was real interesting.
My special sex in there.
Yeah, Hannibal Lecter would like to have been around to clean that operation up.
The other thing I wanted to say was speaking of badly botched crimes.
Did you happen to hear President Bush's speech that all the stations in your market
and the Palm Beach market cut away for yesterday about 3.30?
No.
It was a retirement speech for some general.
And just because he was speaking everybody cut away from it.
Well, we're doing the same thing again.
Yeah, we try to think it's just some of the most embarrassing.
I mean, they're so afraid that he might say three words.
You see, the thing is they can always tape it.
And if he says anything meaningful, they can play it on the news where it belongs
instead of this constant interrupting it.
I know.
I mean, you know, I'm sure that he isn't going to pick a speech to the National Hairdresser's Association.
To say something tremendously worth shaking.
Well, my point is I used to be here.
And if he did, like I said, we tape it.
You put it on here.
And that said, I used to be in the print media and we used to get wire service advisory saying
what he was going to discuss in the speech.
And so that you wouldn't have to just wait until...
Okay, hold on a second.
Hold on a second.
Just as you speak, we got an interruptions.
Let's go to the newsroom.
We'll be right back.
Thank you, Neil.
We're going to go to a mutual news bulletin from the White House.
It apparently deals with Iraq saying it will accept demands for reparations.
Aesting system.
This is Ross Simpson in Washington.
Reuters in Baghdad says Iraq has told the United Nations it would accept demands for reparations
and a band and claim to Kuwait and return for a ceasefire.
Iraq also says it's ready to release prisoners of war after a ceasefire takes effect.
Repeating once again, Iraq is quoted as saying it is told the UN it would accept demands for reparations
and the band and claim to Kuwait and return for a ceasefire and would be prepared to release prisoners of war
after that ceasefire takes effect.
This is Ross Simpson in Washington.
This has been a bulletin.
In the WIOD News Center, again, Iraq says it will accept demands for reparations.
We'll have details on our news at 11, back to Neil Rogers.
From mutual news.
I'm sorry.
I like, you know, it's just the way the whole show is going to.
I was playing three cards at the same time at the beginning where there's so much pressure.
Everybody is so damn hyper.
Where was the call in Lentana?
That's me.
Was that you?
That's me.
And that's good.
And how come the card pot isn't working out because you got mutual on her?
Come on, let's get with it, George.
Oh!
Yeah.
That's good.
So basically we've kicked their ass.
They're like on their back now with their legs and arms straight up in the ear and the saying, that's it.
Please.
They said just about the same thing they said last Sunday.
Yeah.
We had to break away to do that.
Well, I'm real fond of the media lately.
You're having Ben one and now I'm not any longer.
And I used to be one too.
Well, I think you're doing a good job.
I wanted to wish you a happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Isn't it pretty amazing?
Nothing's going to happen because the anniversary is in a smart and never mean anything.
I think it's pretty damn impressive myself.
I can't imagine anything that lasts for 15 years.
I haven't had anything in my life except my life lasts that long.
And I'm real sure about that.
Right.
So congratulations.
Thank you so much, sir.
And stay away from those small islands in the Pacific.
And watch out for those old farts in Lantana so they'll drive you nuts.
You're right.
Have a great life.
You too, Mike.
Okay.
Lantana.
Inquiring minds want to know what the hell's going on up there?
Speaking of that, top 10 tabloids trash headlines is what it says on a sheet.
Sonny and Joel be live from DeRalogat on sports talk.
We got UM and UF.
We're going to kick the Gators ass again.
We'll make it four in a row tonight, 720.
And Hank, after a baseball.
For the kids, I don't understand how Fraser does it.
I just don't understand how he does it year after he does it with mirrors.
Like somebody else we know.
Let me say it again.
He does it with mirrors.
I mean, they lost two starters in the very one of the early games in the season.
They run into each other had that horrendous collision and you know,
everybody's crying.
It's going to be a brutal year and how the and they just all they're doing is winning nine in a row now.
And going nuts 1031.
We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 Hyper 655.
Mutual network W.I.O.D.
Well, let's at least get all the words in there.
They may not be in the right order today.
But we'll get all the pieces.
What you got to do is tape it.
It's like a jigsaw puzzle.
You tape the whole thing today and then it'll give you something to do later.
You kind of edit it out and tape it all together.
Splice it.
Winning doubts.
Splice it up.
It's like those great best of shows.
I love those.
Man, those are the best, aren't they?
Let's go to my any.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
I wish you a happy anniversary.
Good happy anniversary.
Sure, whatever you say.
Because my aunt told me to call you.
You know her name is Sarah Hamilton.
Sarah?
Yeah, she been visiting the Jew from station to station.
She was telling me.
Right.
Good old Sarah.
What a great American.
Yeah.
Well, was yet the game last night?
No, I was not, sir.
The game was nice.
You know, it was, you know.
You know, you am look nice, really.
Yeah, they do look nice.
You know, and it's my old, loom night school.
And, uh, and did I get to, you know, hanging around Miami now, you know.
Yeah.
I'm very, I'm protected.
I'm protected, everybody say, you know.
I'm predictable and I'm protected, yeah.
I'm protected.
Yeah.
It looked, you know, it's Miami looking for an old running back.
Uh, uh, old.
Old running back.
Yeah, old running back.
Yeah.
Really old.
Real old.
Zonka is going to play against this year.
He's going to be back up to Sammy.
Case Sammy starts reverting his old ways.
Okay.
Look, you said you've been to 15 years now, right?
Yes, sir.
Friday, Friday makes 15 years.
Yeah.
She was telling me she was saying that she's been jumping from station to station.
Yeah.
She's been jumping it.
Jumping from the station.
That's what we hear.
Hey, Neil, you take care of yourself.
I love it.
Uh, and you know, I just wish you 20 more years.
Okay.
Well, listen, you get over there with Sarah and that radio.
Give her a big kiss on the knob for us, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
See, uh, 1033 at WIOD and he's plotting again.
What can we do to screw up the show today?
Hey, we just had that bullet and we got a bullet.
See, I don't, don't get me wrong.
I mean, if there's important stuff going on, trust me.
We want to be the first ones to have it because it's a doggie dog business as they say
at the cafeteria, Santoria.
There's an open line in date and the star line just opened up just like the Dead Sea.
What sea is it?
Was it the Red Sea or the Dead Sea?
And let's take a call and mobile in Del Rey.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes.
I've wanted if you knew that they were comparing you to uh, Andrew Dye's Clay and Spend Magazine.
Yeah, I saw that.
Did you see that?
That's older.
Yeah, I have no idea what that meant.
Somebody sent that and made no sense at all.
I couldn't catch, I couldn't catch on to that myself.
Yeah.
I think they thought his name was Andrew Dye's Clay and they heard us say Dye's back a couple of times.
They got all excited.
I don't know.
What is that magazine?
Spin, we got all these spin-off magazines.
What is it?
That's a good, good, good, good, good, good, good, uh, editor of Pinhouse is son.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Well, they got some big bucks.
Like I said, I was pretty impressed they put my name in there.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, so, a theater.
See ya.
1034.
How about that movie?
What was it?
Cadillac man?
Was that the name of that movie?
What a bomb.
What a bomb.
I didn't see it.
But for one of the great bombs in history, even Hiroshima never saw a bomb like that.
655-946-3655-WYOD.
The Iraqis are succumbing.
They're just begging and pleading.
They're saying, we won, but uh, anything you want.
We won though.
Don't forget that.
But uh, anything you want.
Please.
Did you hear about the, um, the troops, uh, couple of guys had Americans.
The Jeep broke down in the desert.
And a group of Iraqi soldiers broke down in the mud because they've been raining.
And they came over and they helped them, uh, yank it out of the mud.
And then they surrendered.
I mean, the stories that are coming out of there are just mind boggling, just incredible.
And if you've seen the, uh, EPWs, the guys with the, with the, not even with boots,
like with these craggy shoes that are cracked and, uh, just incredible what this guy's done.
And then there was the guy from Chicago, the Iraqi guy who went out there on business.
And all of a sudden got drafted.
And when they were rounding up, no, seriously, you didn't hear the story.
He's from Chicago.
He speaks perfect English.
He's an American.
But he was originally Iraqi and he went back there on business.
And being your drafted, you're in the army.
So he's out there in the middle of this group of EPWs and he comes and says,
Where have you guys been so far?
Or, you know, how the outcome it took you so long?
He's wearing shorts.
He was wearing shorts and sneakers.
And he's out there in the Iraqi army and the spurious army.
Man, I'm telling you, it's just incredible.
1036 at WIOD, we have a very important break to take right now.
Listen very, very carefully.
Crank it up as loud as you can.
And we'll be right back.
Yeah.
1043 at WIOD.
And let's take a call from Prestige's Pompano.
I kneel.
Yeah.
George Bush.
Hey, George, what's up?
He's gone.
See what I said out to do.
He is out of air.
Yeah.
Let me reiterate.
Not going to spam.
Not got to do it.
Not got to do it.
Gonna kill him.
Gonna stab him.
Gonna pour pool acid on his body.
Watch him decompose.
Oh.
1043.
He got excited because he saw Sonny in here.
I thought it was Barbara with the fruit.
We have an open-minded, broiled 5249463-524-WIOD.
Where is Sonny with my lunch?
About 1130 would be great.
I'm serious.
I feel so much better.
I haven't felt this good in years.
For me eating good stuff.
For me eating all I could in those plantains.
I think that's what turned my life around.
Plus, I live in plantations, so that makes a big difference.
Here's a mobile from West Palm Beach.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I sit down and say, well, cut this morning.
His wife told me it was a dumbest man alive.
And she showed him that he was destroying his army, destroying the industry and everything.
And I said, I can prove I'm not.
He went into the bathroom, went mirror, mirror on the wall.
Who's a dumbest man alive?
And he turns around and goes, honey, who's Dan Kweil?
Oh, by the way, did you hear Rick and Slut call that Dan Kweil line yesterday?
Oh, no.
I got to get that number.
We got to call that today.
It's a 100 number.
That was great.
Somebody said it wasn't fair to pick on him because you wasn't able to defend himself.
Yeah.
Have a good life, Neil.
You're very entertaining and a great radio announcer.
Thank you, sir, whatever you say.
Okay, 1044 at WID.
Maybe somebody in the audience knows that number.
It was 1900 dumbbell.
Something like that.
No, didn't you hear the call?
It was funny, crap.
It's that...it is.
It's a 900 number.
And it's a Dan Kweil line.
And you got all kinds of choices you can call in the songs and the ditties and the stupid crap.
It's great.
So somebody you're calling that number, I'm sure.
Mommy likes it, so I've got to play it.
You're really mean.
I bet you never thought meeting to be.
Your filthy greed has caused you to blunder.
And now your diaper-headed days are numbered.
You're a man.
That I'm insane.
I think that you must have stand on the brink.
We'll blow you to smitheree.
Mr. Stutt, I'm your gonna get cream.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum music is a failure.
Uτού is drinking Sw ног胖, it's not a mistake, better not be proud of challenging the
I'm 100. You S. A. I don't think that's right. A and M. Why? I don't think that's right.
Doesn't sound like the number they were giving yesterday.
We're sorry. Your call cannot be completed as time.
Well, you're not half as sorry as I am. Bitch.
Damn it. Somebody who gives the right number. Who called you, Rick?
Yeah. Well, that's not it. What the hell did I do wrong? I dialed it the same way he did.
I stuck my finger in the same place he did. And I'm pretty upset about it too, by the way.
1047 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Palm Beach line. What do I do now?
All right, just a second. One. I'm 100. USA.
Oh, no wonder. One. I know. USA.
And then. Okay, this is the last shot. Here we go. This.
We're sorry. Yeah, we know you're sorry. Okay.
And you're still a slut. 1048. We have, like I said, an open line in Palm Beach.
We'll get the right number. That is not the right number, Rick. Mr. O'Reilly.
That is not the right number. Anyway, our Palm Beach number is 6559463.
Get a pencil so you can order a book that's crucial.
We'll all senior citizens and their families. Uh-huh.
It's called how to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes.
You probably saved your whole life for your retirement.
But if a catastrophic illness like Alzheimer's or a stroke hits,
the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you, Medicare, your health insurance,
and even the VA won't pay. You'll lose your savings. You could even lose your house.
There'll be nothing left to pass out of your children or me.
This book tells you how to protect those life savings. Even if you thought it's too late,
how to avoid a lean on your house and more. 200 pages of practical advice from attorney Harley Gordon,
a lawyer who specializes in protecting assets. The cost only 1895 plus shipping a small price
to pay to protect your life savings. Order your copy right now. Call us toll free number.
1-800-955-2626. How to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes.
1-800-955-2626 as for extension 12, operators are sitting by.
Pretty really. Boy Chuck is full of it today, which is good because he's going to have to save up
like like a squirrel with walnuts for the wintertime when we start seeing his paycheck.
No seriously we uh we let's see. Over once we lost him revenue, 87,420,000 dollars so far.
Is that on George by the way? He wants to defend himself. It's not on.
George he wouldn't. He's on the phone. He's on the phone with who?
George Bush. Oh. We're uh synchronizing times dinner up to your show today.
Great. So what's who's the president speaking to today? The National Association of Former Wimps?
Jimmy Loube. The N.A. F.A. N.A. F.W. oil changers. Yeah.
So I'd said I would come in at 10.50 and interrupt the show if he would come.
Our sports coves coming out at one o'clock with the military breeding that you go to about
2.30 shouldn't it? You want to have Gilbert on with General Schwartz cove on Friday.
I think Gilbert and Schwartz cove are related. Well we really know it at General.
Well we will do it. He wouldn't. I'll tell you if we'd just send him over there in the first
place we wouldn't have had to go through the whole war. Well he could have financed the war.
Gilbert's rich enough. He was close by too. He was in Africa for a while.
He was. He was on a safari. That's cool. He was with Edia Mindata.
They were having lunch with Hannah Mollektu over there.
Edia Mind was in the silence of the lamps wasn't he? Yeah. Did you see it?
No I haven't seen it yet. Oh you'll love it. Did you? Well and you just wanted to
see we'll tell. Yes I did. No the only. It's not that I didn't like it. I thought it was very good
but it left you hanging if I can show that at the end because it's the impression you get is that
there's no more information to guide. I never told the story but I had a caller the other day
who knew the original couple and was going into big song and a dance or he knew somebody who
used to talk to them on ham radio and whatever and he said that he made the husband walk the plank.
Well how the hell do we know that? Well that wasn't in the movie obviously but that came out in
Buck apparently bragged about this a couple of times in prison to people and at one point he told
one of his cellmates that he had made this guy walk the plank. I don't know if that ever got
into the trial transcript or if that prisoner was ever called to testify. See I heard that he
beat the couple to death would like an axe and she was standing in a background egging a
monster and beat him bucks. But I could have been just ugly room or an ugly room or from
Pittsburgh as they say. Whereas we are family by sister sludge I want to play that. Wasn't that
that was a great year 1979 that was great. Richie Hedner. Well Hedner didn't plan to
7019 that was the 71 team. Are you going to start correcting me not only is he interrupt the show
like I said 71 really here and wait on the cubs last year. Danny couldn't have heard.
Danny Murtaugh came back in 71 right. Britain was there a screw in things up and Murtaugh came
back. I understand Murtaugh's coming back next year too. They need them. They couldn't hurt. That's
right. Jim Lee was probably going to choke on that. I love Murtaugh. I loved Danny. He was a great man.
He was tremendous. And looks pretty bad for the bucks this year. Yeah. Buck's is the operative
word now but they're spawning with a can this year they're putting it in they just don't have
the bucks they can't afford it. This year may not be too bad but next year. Take the pipe. I think
what they ought to do I devise the trade last night they should send a Barry bonds to the mariners
for Alvin Davis and two or three outfielder's. Yeah. Now I'm serious they should get rid of
the money. They could just send it to the Raiders for Al Davis. Did you see Peter on that's
getting married by the way Kimberly Moray Florida State graduate she is 23 he's 56.
One little hitch though our net is still married but he's promised more that after he divorces
his wife he'll marry her in the name of love. Okay. Or he could just stay in Baghdad and they can
have like 75. I don't think in some of those countries they have a whole bunch of wives. Yeah.
They're allowed to the you mirror of Kuwait has 40 wives. Great. No wonder he's always smiling.
Yeah. Is it the Kuzmir or the the Amir? The Amir is an the Kuzmir in Toss. A lot of
fangs is here. Well it sure has been nice. Thanks. Wasting time here with you. Sure. Can we interrupt
you some more here while we'll have the news in five minutes. See I can't at all figured out he
was going to loan the pirates the money to pay off those big salaries but after the new adjustment
that we're making to his paycheck I don't think I think you in the box will be in the same
can't even afford a bleachers in the same bag as they say in sunrise. We have an open line
in date 751 W. I. O. D. Boy well there's Peter right now as we speak and he's proposing to Bobby
Benilla. I mean Batista on the air. Look at that. He said I'll do anything. I'll even change my
story. I'll say anything you want. Bobby. You think Bobby's the guy anyway. Miami.
I knew. Yes sir. I'm doing great. Okay at least in the early days. He made a call and she was
complaining about 100,000. Yeah about no signing autographs. Yeah. Okay well I got a small story for
you about I'm the he has a huge guy. I go fan. I'm going to correspond with John Charter playing
the same baseball league. My phone play. Wait a minute slow down a little bit sir. Okay my phone
place at the right. You're starting to sound like Jose Jimayner. Just slow down a little bit.
Okay. Okay. My phone place at I mean. Yeah. What is it?
The what league? The right. Oh, Brian. Yeah. Okay. And Andre.
Exchange. Andre's playing into. Paran league this year.
Andre writes to one of the child's that play there. One of the child's.
They come on. They're called. And this kid broke his own. What he was playing. He used to
strike out a lot but now he's always walking. Right. Okay. And I think I brought a letter to Andre. I'm
telling about it. So he went down the other night to see him. He went down there with a knife.
He was down there. Yeah. I got the courty league. And now what he was doing. He's telling about
75th of all the autographs. He's the best. Okay. So I don't know what this lady get off saying.
Hey, she's probably a met's fan. You know, she's probably another bitter met's fan
who's rubbing a little piece of David Johnson's face. She got in the mail the other day and
hoping something grows. Wait. No, my fans are the same. Huh? No, not of met's fun. All the
same. Why are you on met's fan? You got it. Oh, man. What I got respect for. She got
all players. Boy, you ought to take a lot of heavy depressions before the season starts. I
tell you I'm serious because you're going to have to get. No, we we we die in this season. Oh,
no, man. Yeah, I'm going to suffer a lot. To me, too full. Turned it around for him though. I
think. Yeah, sure. We like suffer a lot. But that's a way to go. In fact, the rumor has it that
he ran away and it looked with the rusty style before the season started. So we'll have to check
that rumor. Right. All of us got bones. Yeah. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. Isn't that a well,
that's a good excuse. Boy, you know, going back to one great guy. He's got bondspers in the neck.
That's why he chokes all the time. He does. Yeah. Great choke artist. Yeah. What do you expect from
a kid from St. John's? Okay, bunch of pansies up there at St. John's red men. Well,
like a chewing tobacco to me. Yeah. That's why we just chew him up and spit him out at Ringley Field,
sir. Right? That's why I'm going to be a metronaut. We've got to pin down here in Miami. That's
right. And we're going to do it. The blue is look out for those Miami blues. I still like the name.
I don't care what anybody says. The blue, the greens, the yellow, I take it no matter what. Well,
I think you're going to have to take a lot of the season, sir. Any color will do. Have a great life.
Okay. Well, listen, we're going to come back for the 11 o'clock hour when we'll probably get
interrupted several times and we're looking forward to it because I got so flustered this morning.
I was playing three cards at once just to try to get everything in anyway, Rick and Suds. And I'm
going to get the right number. Did you hear that yesterday? The Danny line, the Kaila line. That
was great. That was sensational. And if we work real hard at it, George, we can get the right
god damn number too. Okay, because it was great. I think Riley just called and give us some
bogus number because he wants it for himself. Anyway, the top 10s, Trabloids, a Tash headline.
That's what it says here on a sheet. Hey, if that she speaks your own lingo, baby, with Rick and Suds
and two Sonny and Joe Lie from Derell on Sports Talk at 605. UM kicks the Gators again 720
tonight and Hank Goldberg right after a UM baseball right till 11 o'clock tonight.
We're going to get the right.
Reaccident, Broward, Northbound 95 approaching Davey Boulevard, a reminder the left lane shutdown
southbound 95 between Davey Boulevard and the New River Bridge in data collision Eastbound 836
at Miland Berry Road. And we have the left lane shutdown northbound on South Fixie Highway
between Ponce to Leon and Bird Road. And in the point in Beach area, a collision federal highway
at Woolbright Road. You know value when you see it and you'll see more of it at Tom McCann
every day. TBV today's best values only at Tom McCann. I'm Tom Roberts Skywatch 610 WIO Day.
From the WIOD Weather Center, here's Bob Soeper. When the clouds over South Florida today,
high temperatures reach about 70 to 73 degrees. Tonight generally cloudy with overnight lows 63 to 67 degrees.
Tomorrow still cloudy with widely scattered showers, high temperatures in the middle 70s.
Marine forecast wins North to Northeast to 15 knots. Seize three to five feet higher in the
Gulf Stream. Bay waters are moderate chop. Winds will become East at 15 knots tomorrow. From the
weather center, I'm Channel 7 meteorologist Bob Soeper, New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. At 11.05,
the temperature in South Florida 61 degrees. Next news updated noon. Bulletin at once.
And my version golf updates 24 hours a day. I'm Henry Barrel for South Florida's news traffic
and weather station, New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
New Stock Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show. Get in touch and talk with Neal.
Dial 751 WIOD from day. Inbroward at 524 WIOD.
Albeit 655 WIOD. At Bell South Mobility Customers, make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest-host are callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now here's Neal Rogers, a New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
The New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
Well I was driving down 95 to the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
For he born an asshole. Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Get your an A.
That's that's it. So well we.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You these are all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
I were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling.
You'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes. I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole. Cause you've known them your whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
For he born an asshole.
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Don't be 50 dollars.
Holds tonight.
It's 11 o'clock and I'll wait at W.I.O.D.
Let's go to Elaine Etto or at the newsroom.
Thank you Neil. We're going to join President Bush now who is just about to make opening remarks to the American Society of Association Executive.
Thank you very very much.
And what a wonderful reception.
And I interpret that.
I think properly.
Same way I interpreted the applause at the state of the union message as strong support for those men and women that are serving our country overseas.
And now the war is almost over.
And I think we owe them a vote of thanks. And I think I heard it right now.
So thank you Bill. And I'm just delighted to be here.
I want to shift and talk about domestic matters.
And Bill I couldn't help but glance at this marvelous quilt coming in here.
This is Elaine Etto in the 610 W.I.O.D. news.
Senator President Bush is addressing the American Society of Association Executive.
The only thing he had to say about the Gulf War is that the war is almost over.
Details coming up at noon. I'm Elaine Etto in the 610 W.I.O.D. news center now back to Neil Rogers.
Thank you so much Elaine. And now we know something we didn't know about nine minutes ago, right?
Wow. Are we doing it or what?
Don't be 50 dollars.
In the meantime we dropped three calls off the board as soon as we did that.
We have two open lines in date County 751 Panic 751 W.I.O.D. and one in Palm Beach.
Oh, I will say this. The song ended and everything we did timing on that was great.
We got right into it. Right? Elaine stepped on the first word but other than that it was great.
And Palm Beach is open 6.5. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
We can't, don't call on Palm Beach. Just a second.
Now we're going to do this.
USA, USA.
Now he doesn't get the residuals from this, does he?
Because I know, I know he's a little short. At least that's the rumor.
10 past 11 at W.I.O.D. is it doing anything?
Thanks for calling to Dan Quail.
Jokes, Whipers and Stongs Line.
At 1900, USA, Danny charges for this call or $2 for the first minute and 99 cents each initial minute.
Remember every 50th color was the free Dan Quail watch.
Five with ten hair like ten.
Looks like TV weatherman. Yes, Danny Quail is my end all.
He's so white, very bright, so white that's smart as then of white.
And Danny's really on the call.
That was Danny Doll by the Capitol Steps.
Yeah.
Press one to hear Dan Quail jokes.
Press two to hear about Dan Quail products.
Press three to hear Dan Quail Bloopers.
Press four to hear about new menu choices.
Hold on a second. What was it three?
Three.
Okay.
Dan Quail Bloopers, then you can leave a joke or make other menu choices.
Are going to be the first to know these very intimate and personal things of Dan Quail.
I stand by all the mistakes that I've done.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind or not to have a mind is being very wasteful.
For the government, unlike many governments, and particularly the governments of where the people that families this country came from,
is a government that has derived from the people to consent to govern.
The freedom that is based in the people, that they know what their representatives to represent them in a three representative democracy that we have today.
Now, it's your turn to challenge your favorite Dan Quail jokes.
Press one to tell your jokes.
Remember, we reserve the right to edit your jokes.
Okay, at this, we'll get back to that later.
There's some good stuff on there. It's 11.13. Have you ever seen him with Boy Gary?
Never. Anyway, is that trick? Collar, you're getting a little too tight to button.
Are you walking around like Dave Gamer and Header? Are you like a gigantic good-year blimp?
Waddling around on your hands and knees?
The answer, of course, Roger is neutral system.
Well, Neil Roger here, you look great since you've been losing weight on neutral system.
I lost 17,5 pounds weeks. Do you want to increase our bet just a little?
Sure. Whatever you say, Roger, he's picking out at Dural.
Anyway, this week in neutral system is a good incentive for you to get started and lose that disgusting, gross, debilitating,
smarmy fat, those rolls and rolls of flab that are in prison. You like Patrick McGuin in the prisoner.
Well, you come down, man. You're not getting no job.
This week in neutral system, lose up to 30 pounds.
It pay only $59 for program services, details available to all participating centers.
And they're just about everywhere, like Pember Pines, Boynton Beach, Lauderdale, Hollywood, Miami, Flakes, everywhere.
Don't forget the special offer is for one week only.
So take advantage of the great special now called neutral system today.
It works. It does the job. 1-800-344-thin.
1-800-344-THIN roll out of the chair, waddle on your hands and ease over to the phone and call them now.
Be sure and tell them that neurotic needle at WYOD beg you to call neutral system.
It's a good time for the great taste.
It's 11-16.
Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Long me 50 dollars at WYOD and let's go to Miami Beach. Hello.
Downhill.
Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you doing?
I'm doing just fabulous, sir. How about you?
Pretty good. Listen. I'd like to tell you a couple of things that hopefully would make you feel good.
Okay. We're listening.
Because you've seen a man in heck of a show over the years.
You what? We've enjoyed the heck out of your show.
You enjoyed the hell out of this show, Greg.
Hell out of this show. Well, any case, I've noticed that over the past couple of years you've evolved into a more pleasing, more pleasant radio personality.
Really? Yes, you're a bit.
But if I may say...
Just try me, sir. Let's find out.
Go ahead. I'm just just yanking your chain away.
Okay. No, but you're less pungent in the cervix.
But you've turned around to become a much more well-rounded individual.
Yeah. No pungent. That's the way it looks.
Anyway, I'd like to add, as you are on your successful diet, I am a reformed obese person.
Yeah. I weighed at my highest.
This is a man who's in the FF Society of America, formerly fats.
Well, Neil, let me give you some inspiration here.
Is that what it means in those person lads when it says FF formerly fat? I think that's what it means.
Oh, well, the method that I applied...
Go ahead, sir.
What's this? Warring my mouth shut for a long time.
Man, that will work good on the show.
No, I didn't do that. I just...
I could do the Paul Winchell show and you could be Jerry Mahoney.
I had to rely on Willpower. I weighed 432 pounds.
Woo! I am now down to 183 pounds.
Oh!
That took me a period of almost two and a half years.
I had to have...
You wait a minute. You wait how much to start for...
432 pounds.
432 and you're 183?
I'll just start. I weighed seven pounds.
We're worth about 250 pounds.
But then I went all the way up to 432.
Wow.
And I had to have a little snippet of skin taken away from my midsection because...
Yeah, that happened to me a long time ago.
And I had to have a...
You don't have a big snippet of skin, but...
I had to have a new belly button replaced because the other one was lost.
And a naval attack, no doubt.
Now, if any case, I don't know what I'd like to say, is Neil, is...
There's a lot of things right with America.
Right. Here we go.
And I'd like to begin saying this because I've had a lot of experience...
...reverent people throughout my...
...I've traveled to Europe. I'd bummed around to Europe when I was in college.
Yeah. And I've been...
You rolled around Europe.
And I ran into a lot of people, a lot of different situations in which...
...probably they looked down on us as a whole for whatever...
...and they looked down on one.
Down on us on a...
Down on the whole.
You as a whole.
American.
Yeah.
Or for whatever reason.
Maybe they thought it was the...
...that new tunnel they're building between England and France, I suppose.
Well...
...lad, lad, lad, lad, the British and their friends...
...Bomengo and... and be happy.
Yeah.
But I'm very, very happy to be an American officer.
Yes, sir.
I'm very happy to live here.
Yep.
God bless the U.S.
Yes, sir.
Let's stop. Stop.
There's a lot of things right with America.
Dick will not withstand these.
But let's stop dragging on the floor for us.
Think the man's done a pretty good job.
Our troops think God has done an excellent job.
And you've done a splendid job.
Can I sit down now?
Yeah.
Okay.
No, just...
For instance, one time I was in...
How was more?
With my wife and Pharaoh.
I was in Monmouth.
And it was summer.
It was...
It wasn't July.
And we were just looking for a semi-decent, deep place to eat.
Yeah.
We went...
We ended up in one of those Middle Eastern type restaurants that...
Well, you know how those French guys are very arrogant.
They're always looking down on your home.
Let me show you.
We just went in and ordered a heaping amount of food.
We were starving.
Yeah.
That's why I got to be 432.
We used to eat heaping amounts.
You didn't hear what?
No, I didn't.
Bring me anything you want.
Just bring me a heaping amount.
But at the same time, we ordered...
Cokes.
They bring you a glass of coke with no ice.
Mm-hmm.
That's just customary in Europe.
Yeah, the UN Lady likes to eat there.
And it was about...
Maybe two, three ounces of coke.
So I have to wait or go ahead.
Bring us four bottles each.
That's what Henry always says with every meal.
And the way to respond to this...
The hippie-giddly and mellow again.
What the heck...
Where is the disk guy?
Henry, can you make out what this guy's talking about?
No, I can't.
I really can't.
Now go ahead.
Well, okay, let me make...
Let me make...
Be more successful.
Henry's getting his hair done the thing.
And more places he lane now.
I think...
And Henry had a ponytail this morning, which is embarrassing as hell.
All right.
I mean, George Crowling can get away with a ponytail
because he's got an excuse.
He did so much acidity to all the difference.
Well, as Dan Quayle will say, the...
Colossum in my frustration has...
defined the finitude of my negritude.
Excellent, sir.
Very good, Neil.
Take care.
Watch out for those naval attacks.
Thank you.
Okay, great call.
21 past 11 at WYOD on a great Wednesday.
Everybody's excited here because from noon to two...
Ben and Jerry's...
These...
I love the name of their truck.
It says Ben and Jerry's scoop truck.
