We take a trip to Whiskeyville to visit Jimmy Mad Dog Whiskey,
frontier dumb little kid.
Jimmy Mad Dog Whiskey's father,
doggy daddy Whiskey.
One of the teachers' boy lesson,
because he was doing a lot of stupid things.
One summer's day he gave him $5.
He said, now, go out on the town
and buy $5 worth of what's what.
Jimmy Mad Dog Whiskey didn't even think to ask him what what what was
and just took the $5 and took off.
Soon he came to a department store and he walked in.
He says, excuse me sir, I like to buy $5 worth of what's what.
And he said, what's what?
He said, listen kid, if you don't know what you want,
just get out of here so he left.
Walked into a pharmacy.
He said, excuse me, Mr. Pharmacist,
but I like to buy $5 worth of what's what.
He said, what?
He said, what's what?
He said, listen little kid,
if you don't know what you want,
just get the heck out of here.
So you left.
Went to a grocery store.
Excuse me, Mr. Grocer.
But I got $5 here, I want to buy $5 worth of what's what.
And I said, what?
He said, what's what?
He says, ah, this dumb little kid.
He says, I'm going to have some fun with this little kid.
He says, hey, little boy, why don't you go across the street there.
There's a bravo across the street.
So go over there, they probably got what's what.
So Jimmy Mad Dog whiskey frontier dumb little kid
takes his $5 and walks across the street
to the bravo.
Now I sign a door.
A woman opens a door.
Completely naked.
And Jimmy Mad Dog whiskey never saw a woman's private parts before.
He says, what's that?
And she said, what's what?
He said, that's great.
Give me $5 worth.
$108 at WIOD.
Your news weather traffic sports
and screwed up station.
Today's the last day on the Palm Beach Line.
Look at that, there's a call on there already.
They must be getting nervous.
Starting Monday, 1-800-944-WI-D.
toll free for all of Florida outside of Dayton, Broward.
Anybody outside 305?
Have that exciting?
Man, I'm getting excited about it.
And all, another edition of
What is today?
What is Ed McMahon, where vice president?
Welcome back to Nightline.
I'm Ted Couple.
President Bush?
Yes.
Which nations do you see as our most favorite trading partners
during the next decade?
Well, that'd be the Chinese.
Chinese.
The Japanese.
The Japanese.
The Japanese.
Perhaps the Russians.
The Russians.
It's not a joke.
And now knock it off.
Vice president, McMahon.
Yes, sir.
You planned a run for president in 96
despite the cold reception of your fellow party members.
How cold was it?
I got it out, Ed.
President Bush, getting back to the 92 election,
many people feel a better running mate for 92
would be General Norman Schwarzkoff.
Well, some of you.
I'm not a star.
You see it, Ed?
I might give him a fair.
Ooh, a fair.
Why not give me a fair?
But join us next time when we last.
What if Jay Leno were the surgeon general?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Go ahead.
Smoke all you want.
They'll make more.
We're next, we ask.
What is...
Jay Leno is about as funny as Cancer the Tonail.
I'll tell you, 10-15.
I wonder Letterman's pissed off.
We have an open line in day, 751,
2 in Broward, of course, 524, and at Starline, at Star IOD.
Smiley B, chill out.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I heard on Monday, 103-C, Paul Castronov,
with the positive news.
Please, please, forget about Paul Castronov,
and nobody gives two flying craps about him, okay?
Forget about him.
Well, you know, I've heard...
This man, since the day he came to town,
it's all he talks about is Neo Rodgers this,
and he...
He's just like the people on Lightball Radio.
You'll figure if they talk about me and up,
they're going to get some attention,
somebody might listen,
forget about him, okay?
Well, you know, I mean...
Desperate.
Desperate, yeah.
It's for worthy cause.
Desperate.
Don't...
Tom to blow it out of zero, okay sir.
It's for pubicosis.
Yeah.
Baby's born with pubic hair.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I figured...
You know, you're...
How much do you pay you to make this call, sir?
No, I didn't pay me any.
50 bucks.
I heard it on the radio.
You heard it on the radio,
you were listening to she?
Yeah.
Oh boy, you really need mental health.
Well, I figured, man, you could take him.
Sir, have a great weekend.
Wait, can I call somebody douchebag?
You're gonna have to do it fast cause you're digging a whole deeper than the Grand Canyon, sir.
Well, I'd like to call my friend Diego.
I know he's listening to a douchebag,
but douchebag's too good for him.
So I'm gonna...
Well, I just want to leave him on for a second.
I can see how far he will go.
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh, good job pal.
Excellent.
Just for our friends in Palm Beach.
Times run it out.
W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
The deadline line.
No, I wanted to get on it before you yank it.
Yeah.
How about the line?
Well, that too.
Just being the last day.
Yeah.
You're starting a new thing on Monday, right?
We're starting a 1-800-944-W-I-D on Monday
for everybody outside Dayton,
Brow and outside the 305 area code.
Well, somebody else in Palm Beach County
is starting something new Monday, man.
Well, isn't that great?
Uh, Boone tells me that
PBR is going to be relaying the light bulb.
Yeah.
Mom, we're real excited about that.
Yeah.
I mean, the thing that we can hear you
all the way up to Orlando.
Jan O'Neill needs a relay transmitter up in Fero.
And now, light bulb needs a PBR in Palm Beach.
Jan O'Neill has also got a relay thing in North Broward somewhere.
Oh, they still have that one?
I think, yeah.
But the one that they've got in zero isn't even on the same frequency.
You've got to tune up.
Well, neither is light bulb going to be there.
They're going to be all over the dial.
They're going to be all over the dial on low-powered 5-Watt radio stations.
I like them.
So what we're going to do, we're going to put a relay...
Mark.
Okay.
Have a great day, sir.
No, no.
No matter what I say, he's just rambling and rambling.
Like I said the other day, we're going to put a little repeater tower
on the top of every tall building on every street corner
from here to Jacksonville.
And we're going to be everywhere.
Randy Gandhi.
He's a Randy Gandhi.
He's a Randy Gandhi.
He's a Randy Gandhi.
Randy Gandhi.
The answer is...
The answer is...
Sputum samples.
Sputum samples.
Mmm.
The question.
What do you call someone who's the spitting image of junior samples?
Yes.
Kenmore weed whacker.
The answer is...
Yes.
Kenmore weed whacker.
Kenmore weed whacker.
Yes.
Oh no.
What did Barbie yell as she made love with Ken and the tool shed?
Kenmore weed whacker.
Kenmore weed whacker.
Kenmore weed whacker.
The answer is...
I serve.
I serve.
I serve.
The question.
Tough envelope.
What does the court girl say to Sammy Davis right after she says...
Hat sir?
Kenmore weed whacker.
The answer is Stevie Nicks.
Stevie Nicks.
Stevie Nicks.
Stevie Nicks.
Stevie Nicks.
What happens when Stevie Wonder tries to shave himself?
1027, we have an open line on the star line.
It's star IOD for some peculiar reason.
And let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
I'm a Bucko fan and an IC man, even when we lose.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neil?
Good luck to you, sir.
Good luck to me.
Yeah, you got the scoot out of one last night, but...
Well, that's OK.
Hey, what about the penguins did it?
Now the pirates are going to do it.
They've got a long time to go, yeah, but it's still possible.
What do you think?
What do I think about what?
I think it's possible and then the steal is two.
Yeah, anything's possible.
And also the Pittsburgh NBA team might win next year, too.
Oh, the...the Pisces.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, I want to talk about Jim and Kathy.
Just a couple of douchebags.
OK.
Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Uh-huh.
Good morning.
Yes.
It is a good morning, though.
So far, right up until this moment.
Well, we still have it decided it was going to be good morning yet or not.
I'm sitting here, baby, sitting in my air conditioner.
Wedding to the air conditioning man to come.
You're not related to that guy from Chicago, who called, are you?
Excuse me.
I say, I hope you're having a good time.
I'm not related to that guy from Chicago.
Uh-huh.
Uh-uh.
You're numbered.
You want to 800 numbers going to be available when?
Monday, 10 a.m.
Well, I'm going to stay here all day.
Easter and daylight time.
I'm going to stick a girl on you from Birmingham, Alabama.
It has no life.
Uh-huh.
But she's a good kid.
Uh-huh.
Hey, I was listening to you.
I think it was yesterday.
Where is she?
First of all, it's only good from the rest of the state of Florida, so good luck to her.
Oh, it doesn't work out of the state?
No.
Oh, she has to go off with me.
In fact, we specifically made sure it wouldn't work in Alabama.
All right.
Or Tennessee.
Or Tennessee.
Or a lot of the, yeah, right.
Hey, you're going to be out to the miracle place tonight.
Yeah.
Is it possible to get near you?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Is it, you know, I've been with you since the war.
I have not given up since the war.
I like to show.
I'm listening to you show.
I'm a driver.
I listen to you show every day.
I get very, very good to go.
Well, that's what we do out there.
We have a table set up and we sign our stupid pictures
and write little dumb things on there and give out bumper stickers.
And we can say, it's all about.
Well, I still want.
That's what it's, that's what we're there for.
I was listening to you yesterday.
I believe it was yesterday, where you told the gentleman
that he could take an orange and...
Yeah.
In a certain place?
Uh-huh.
Sir, take a gigantic orange, okay?
Pedal it and stick it up your ass.
Pedal it and stick it up your ass.
Stick it up your ass.
Stick it up your ass.
That was great.
He was great.
He's still working on it.
He's still working on it.
He's still peeling it.
He must have a bigger, it must be a California orange.
Uh-huh.
Well, he got confused.
He got something a little bit bigger.
Great fruit.
No, I don't know.
I think it was a pumpkin.
Pumpkin.
I already needed it.
Um, I'm out of material.
Okay.
I'd like to say that Donald, my good friend that commercial friend,
Bruce Bagg.
Okay.
And say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Oh, man.
Woo!
10-30 on Yahoo Radio.
We're doing it, boy.
We're picking it.
Uh, Coral Gables.
Hello.
Uh, can I stop the nail, please?
Well, who do you think this is?
Nail?
No, this is George.
What's happening, Nail?
What's up?
This is Tony and Coral Gables.
Hey, Tony.
Uh, let me process my car by saying I'm a spanic, you know.
Uh-huh.
Um, and?
Well, I don't want to frost you a little bit.
I get an idea for a name for the baseball team.
Tony?
Yeah.
Adios.
10-33 at WIOD.
We have one open line in day 751.
I'm telling you, there must be something in the water in this town.
Because it's not like isolated.
It's like the whole town gets it.
Like, we'll get like 10 in a row and they'll all be just like that.
Two open lines in Broward.
Hey, listen, we're going to hit the carts real heavy today.
I got to hold pile of stuff here.
Let's, uh, let's break one of these out and see how these, how these were on the machine.
There's a whole bunch of these.
This is how Brookshire, New York.
The recent heat wave brought on by global warming has had various disastrous effects.
This just in from Hollywood.
Michael Jackson has melted.
Officials at the scene report finding a lump of plastic next to a whimpering chimpanzee.
Now, because all things plastic are in danger of melting,
fire officials are now installing extra smoke alarms on the set of live with Regis and Cathily.
I'm Tom Brookshire.
Say cool, everyone.
Miami Lakes.
Young Mr. Rogers.
Yeah.
Once for, uh, what is your stand on lifeguys?
Stand on this, sir.
We have an open line in day 751 WIOD West Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Palm Beach Post is more important.
Oh, I got to tell you, I'm going to take a nap.
Palm Beach Post.
We're like, like the last couple of days, it's always here about as the damn Palm Beach Post.
Get rid of it.
Don't do it again, sir.
Okay.
Don't even put it in your bird cage.
I just got some quotes from Steve Kane here.
Oh, that's even worse.
I don't care.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares about a little 250 watt station with a bunch of little amateur hour people playing radio.
It's with dead air with a bunch of, it's just pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
I'm sorry.
Don't do it again.
Now, you know why we're taking that line away.
See, those people up in Palm Beach, their idea, they really believe that they're the hub of the market
and the rest of the world revolves around them.
They're kind of like the sun and the rest of us are on Uranus.
And they really believe that.
So they think when they talk about talk radio, oh, Jay and old, you hear what the leaf outland in the day?
You hear what, whoever I don't even know, what else is on?
Mike Miller, who nobody here cares.
It'll be like somebody from some little station on the edge of Long Island calling it a WABC.
Oh, you hear what Eddie Rock and Foust did today?
Nobody cares.
Nobody ever heard of him, okay?
Nobody cares.
So that's another good reason to be getting rid of, we'll have, even when a line does ring, at least most of the time I assume it will not be from Palm Beach,
which can only be a big improvement.
Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Will we be able to hear you anymore?
Why not?
Well, you said you were going taking it out.
I'm not taking it out, especially during this call. I'm putting it away, believe me.
Oh.
What do you mean?
Well, I thought you said we weren't going to be able to hear you.
I didn't, that's not at all what I said.
We're taking the Palm Beach phone.
I want to speak to Lordeus.
This is Marlene from Channel 7.
We're taking the what?
Who is that?
Marlene from Channel 7 calling Lordeus Acevito at the Herald.
We're taking this phone line out, replacing it with a 1-800 number, but that does got nothing to do with the reception on the radio.
Oh, you'll be on Monday, then.
You bet.
Okay.
I'll be on Monday, Tuesday, and for a couple more days, and I'm going on vacation.
Oh.
And then I'll be on on tape, and I'll still be on.
I've been listening. I listen to you all the time.
Well, bless you.
And I miss you.
You're not going to miss me. I'm not going to be gone. I'm going to be here every day.
All right.
Did you, you got it now?
Yes.
Okay.
Bye.
Oh, help, help.
The water in the White House.
For a while, it was suspect.
Then it was tested and found to be pure.
In fact, the purest water on the planet, introducing...
Habit to spring.
100% refreshing.
And the taste.
It's good. It's good.
And read my lips.
No side effects.
Listen to what your fellow Americans are saying about clean, pure, capital springs.
Last week, thirsty.
Did the prudent thing?
Tried capital springs.
It's good.
So good.
Made my eyes bug out.
Tried other bottle of water.
Bad.
Capital springs.
Good.
Why capital springs?
Because research shows 68% of Americans will swallow anything that comes out of the White House.
100% pure?
No side effects.
Capital springs.
The trickle down treat for your thirst.
Capital springs.
World's purest age to oh.
Drink this.
1107 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star.
I'm starting to kind of like a wake-up alert.
Maybe they're in the same thing.
Maybe it just went around town.
Is that possible?
Maybe they all woke up at 2.30 also.
And watch the weather channel.
Pompano.
Pompano.
I'm about to just cut them off.
You know?
I like misfired there.
Well, too bad.
Call us back.
Probably nothing to say anyway.
Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yeah.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Listen, you were rapping yesterday about that stairway to heaven, you know, gig.
Yeah.
It's infectious.
It's as good as a lady.
And can I have another request?
Season or the Docks June.
Yeah.
What do you mean another request?
Yeah, well, it's not a request.
You know that part you have of a list of.
Why don't you just list off?
About 400 of them.
Yeah, Larry King.
He says lowly $50.
Is that low me $50 or low me $50?
Low me $50.
Well, I have to listen to it again as a matter of fact.
Low me $50.
You just talk about no life.
Yeah.
Well, get a hold of yourself, sir.
No life at all.
Man.
Pember Pines.
Now.
Yeah.
The ultimate of ultimate scumbag pick reports you could imagine.
Yeah.
I know you don't read the slum sentinel, but this one you have to pick up and get.
Club Nick.
As you need to buy bread that is unlearned.
Yeah.
Club Nick.
How ready you read it?
Did you?
What do you think of this guy $52,000 in tax for years money?
Yeah.
Is this guy unbelievable?
You know something, sir, we can sit here like they do on a certain other very low-powered station in Beliac about Sheriff Nick from now until the end of time
was one of my least favorite people in the history of my life.
And you know something isn't going to do a bit of good.
He's still going to run from now until the cows come home and he'll still win overwhelmingly every time they love him.
You know what they are in Broward?
The more they love him, the more right wing they are, the more they love him.
He's just an institution.
He's just like the emperor.
You know the one quote that I love that I love that's why they had to spend all that money because the emperor had no clothes.
The one quote I love the best in this is the finance director Michael Woodruff told the reporter the allowances to be used for whatever an employee wanted for.
I'll probably spend it on clothes for me and my wife.
So just think about that.
You know we're only just spending $500 for him and his wife.
I like to have the $500 for me and my wife, huh?
Uh-huh.
Or whatever, even for a good time and wriggling for next couple of days, right?
Uh-huh.
But he's doing it again.
Uncle Neil, I got to tell you.
If he isn't the scum, it's the pigs of pigs.
And all you BSO pigs out there listening, I know you love Neil.
You got scumbag boss.
Uh-huh.
Neil, enjoy yourself and wriggle and have a good time.
Let me $50.
Are you Lusty's news department?
A bunch of big fat slabs and they are sitting around trying to figure out a great way to disrupt the show again.
Now that the war is over.
And we have another space shuttle landing coming up.
Which I know everybody in this audience is sitting right on the edge of their seat waiting for that.
Oh!
Yeah.
Can't wait.
I mean we only have a space shuttle landing like about every half an hour now, right?
Like it's a real big novelty.
And the only reason they want to have it on the air is in the rare unlikely chance the sucker is going to crash.
You know that.
Because that's the mentality of news people exploiting human tragedy.
They only wish they'd been at that golf tournament yesterday with a...
...a...
...head and microphone.
Listening to the groaning and moaning of those people as they were getting shocked from the sky.
They would have loved it.
And so coming up in 22 minutes and 55 seconds but who's counting at 1137.
We have the landing of the space shuttle interrupting this important prestigious highly rated meaningful show.
Now this show is about the only thing that gives any continuity to the lives of millions of people all throughout this godforsaken wasteland in which we live.
And I will grant you the cause here today have been like about a minus six on a scale of 4,000 but who the hell cares?
So we wind up again getting a screwed because this isn't your micrinerineel Rogers Rick and Sardshank Goldberg station.
This is your news weather and ponderous boring traffic and crap station.
So every time the president farts we have to interrupt the program so everybody in the audience can get a good whiff.
Okay, that's basically what this radio station thinks you people listen for.
Okay.
Now quite frankly I could sit here and just you know how long we don't have a lot of time to screw around with that thing.
We got like a lot of stuff on here where we're going to get every spot in.
Okay.
I don't care if we have to play them back to back for half an hour.
We're not losing any revenue because of some stupid bogus decision by some big fat pirates fan in the newsroom that we're going to put on this stupid space shuttle landing.
Here's a lady in Miramar.
Hi Neil.
Do you want to hear about the space shuttle land?
No, not at all.
I guarantee you there is is there anybody out there wants to hear it land?
Oh yeah well him no matter what I'd say he'd say the opposite.
Yeah.
How are you?
I'm okay.
I'm pissed.
I'm sick of this.
I mean if there was something meaningful going on naturally we want to be at first with the news you know put it right on of course.
Well I have something very meaningful to do.
But let's get serious with the space shuttle landing for the four millionth time.
Oh god.
I'm sorry.
Neil I have to tell you I'm involved with medical sales and I cover both the Hollywood and Holland Delay.
Well give me some doggy downers over here right away.
Well I think it's very frustrating to be driving around and you have to make appointments with physicians and we have these
Helen Dale drivers that really and honestly I have this is the only gripe I have with them that they really shouldn't be driving.
I was at a stoplight yesterday the light turned green.
I beeped the horn a couple times.
No the light didn't turn green the the person in the car in front of you did.
You do that or a dark shade of purple because they've been dead for 30 years.
Well it was ridiculous I you know I blew a horn you know once and I'm waiting and the light still green and traffic is going on the side of me
and I'm behind him and I'm waiting and I'm waiting and he didn't move and it's annoying and it goes on every day every day.
Constantly.
I'm on the road.
I never ending source of consternation.
Well I really think that they should take a look at restricting the licenses of individuals over the age of 70.
I don't think that all of them have.
Get them off the road.
Get them off of it.
Absolutely it's it's except my mother.
My mother can go to the store once in a while but other than that get all the rest of them off the road.
At least during rush hour you know it's it's it's it's.
Oh there's that juicy fruit spot again.
Oh boy.
Have you seen that spot?
No I haven't.
Well it'll cheer you up a little bit.
Well I think Sunny Rosenberg's on the phone right now.
Good luck.
Thank you.
See ya.
I feel better now that juicy fruit spot just came on.
Oh boy.
We have an open line and day 751.
Who the hell carry is there?
Let's go through and find out.
Hope Sound.
Yeah now.
Do you want to hear the space shuttle land?
No sir.
All right hold on a second.
Lady in Pembroke Park.
Do you want to hear it?
No.
Okay hold on.
Miami you want to hear it?
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Do you want to hear the space shuttle land?
Hell no.
Okay.
Dear Field.
Do you want to hear it?
No.
Okay.
Who's thinking about it?
Lady in Hollywood.
Do you want to hear it?
No I don't.
No.
Okay.
Starline.
Do you want to hear it?
No not today.
Okay.
Oh Polaki.
Do you want to hear it?
No.
Do you want to hear it?
Okay.
That's 8 out of 8.
We just took our own goddamn telephone here.
And there is nobody anywhere in this audience that wants to hear the stupid space shuttle land.
Okay.
Is there anybody out there wants to hear it?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
He's the one.
Right now it's 22 till noon at WIOD.
Time for that space shuttle landing.
Thank you Neil.
This is Elena Tour in the 610 WIOD News Center.
The space shuttle Columbia is preparing to land an Edwards Air Force base.
And just about a minute we now join Mutuals Joe Walsh and Carrie Moran for live coverage of the shuttle landing.
The sharp contrast against the cliffs now just a few feet off the landing line.
It's coming in just a few feet now from touchdown.
Looking very good, very steady.
Knows edging down.
Tires just a few feet off and there's the puffs of white smoke.
Touchdowns of rear.
Oh!
Tires of the shuttle.
Come back to Earth.
Knows now easing down very, very gently, very slowly.
And they are down.
Knows gear touchdown.
This is Elena Tour in the 610 WIOD News Center.
There you have it.
A perfect landing for the shuttle Columbia.
We will now return to the Neil Rogers Show.
All right! Good job!
It's 20 till noon.
Let's see.
We went in to 38.
That was the most insipid minute and 40 seconds in the history of radio.
I hope that somebody sends the time capsule to the Smithsonian Institute of Broadcasting in Washington.
That was the most incredible waste of time.
We couldn't have read that off the wire on the news.
Okay, 20 till 12.
Let's go to Deerfield.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Dave from Deerfield.
Yeah, Dave.
I've been holding on the first time call a long time listener.
Yeah?
Nothing said, huh?
Well, I'm just...
You know, there's so much stuff going on here, Dave.
Don't feel like we're not happy to have you.
We're delighted to have you.
Well, it's nice talking to you.
I've been listening to your show since the war started.
And I just happened to hear the landing too.
And it was a waste of time.
Yeah.
You know, they ought to put you on.
Made you wait for an extra two minutes for nothing.
I know. Isn't that cool?
Eric Combs, the wheels are...
They're a little puff of smoke.
There it is.
Oh, boy. Look at that.
So what we're going to be doing, we're going to take like three, four hours every day
because I know people are into these landing.
You ever drive by the airport and see like the people that sit, the rubber neckers who sit around.
Yeah.
On the tops of their cars, watching the plane's land.
And of course, a lot of those people would pretend that they're aficionados of a vehicle.
And the thing is, they're all just sitting out there waiting for a plane to crash.
They want to see it live.
I wish they would crash and they'd have something to watch.
Yeah, that's true.
Just as long as nobody we know is on it.
Well, my boss told me to come.
Thank you, Sunny, Jr.
Hey, my boss told me to call you because the friend of mine that I work with,
he's a major douchebag and I just wanted to relay that to you.
Well, who is he?
His name is Brad.
Oh, yeah. Serious douchebag.
Yes, he is.
Well, you did a great job, sir.
Thank you. Nice talking to you.
Have a good life.
Have a good day.
Okay. Have something good.
We've got a good salad here from Sunny's right now.
1144, we have an open line on the starline, star IOD.
And let's go to Opalaka.
Hello.
Neil Rogers Radio, 610 WIO.
How you doing?
Okay.
Well, do you hear that crushing numbing tone of depression slipping to the Elaine's voice there
when it landed on us, turning and...
Yeah.
Well, she was depressed that it didn't crash because all news people are the same.
They're all a bunch of sadistic bastards.
They're so lazy.
Yeah.
I can't, I mean...
I hope the pirates go on a streak and lose the next 45 in a row just to get there.
They make me sick.
And I'll say it again, I've never seen Chuck Byron Bob Veal together.
Yeah.
Wow.
See that, Neil?
Fat.
You'll be up there.
Is that triple?
What triple A, B, C, or double A, or what kind of baseball is it up there?
Pompano.
D cup.
I don't know, I really don't know.
That's why I'm asking.
A.
It's just triple A, 1A.
A.
And 2A is better and 3A is like next to the pros, right?
3A is about like if your foot's the size of a walrus.
Have a good time, Pat.
1153, I have got.
These things just, they fall into the door.
I have no idea where this came from.
This is screening procedures for phone calls on talk shows on WIOD, another intercepted memo
that just, I found it on the floor out in the hallway during the break, incredible.
Did you read this yet?
Oh, man.
I'll save the best part for later.
But let's go to page 4.
Sequencing callers.
Let me get to the best part.
Remember no old sounding callers get on a year unless they qualify.
In other words, if they got a lot of money and they want to send us some of it.
Callers should be appraised just before going on the year.
Pepp them up, get them ready.
Whipp them into shape.
Pepp them up, George.
Come on.
Get with it.
In those rare instances when calls are few and far between, go back and check on the few calls that are on hold.
Assure them that they'll be on the year soon, like sometime between now and next you will us.
The first call of the hour sets the temp for the rest of the hour.
It should be the best possible caller.
The first call after each break is also important.
Pick the best one and go with it.
Which one?
What's Palm Beach?
Hello.
Yes, this is Papi.
Oh, yeah, good.
You all pepped up now.
Papi.
All right.
Wipp them into shape, George.
Adaboy.
Listen, the next time they have a landing, what you got to do is get Joe and Sally to do a pre-landing show.
Yeah.
That way you'll hang onto the audience and they can do two hours before the plane lands.
Uh-huh.
While they're still drafting.
Speaking of Joe, is he still in California?
Beats me.
I can't believe they sent him out there just to get an announcement on the, uh,
I gotta tell you something.
This radio station, I hate to say this.
We lose more money on this sports department.
They fleeced them out of more bogus trips, out of more, although they did do a great job tonight.
I mean, that was good.
But I mean, just it's most of the time they go on all these bogus and basketball games in Hawaii.
Yeah.
And in Colorado Springs and plays that haven't been invented yet.
I mean, they probably spend millions of dollars every year on crap for the sports department here.
They're just a shocking mind bog.
I mean, he's only going to gain probably about five minutes ahead of everybody else when they make the announcement anyway.
Well, he could be in the studio.
We want to be on top of it.
Okay.
Are he sure?
Are he probably in the hallway right now?
I spoke to Elaine just before that space shuttle.
They went a little screaming match and all.
She says, I want to be on top of it.
And the George came running out in the hall.
Don't make these decisions.
Is that Disney?
No, Disney.
He's not even here today.
He's on another, uh, he's on another busman's holiday.
Him too?
Oh, yeah.
On the other six day vacation.
Well, all I can say is Disney's a douchebag.
Okay.
And I'm out of material.
See you.
1156.
Now, let's see.
We only got time for one or two calls before the top of the hour.
What do you do then?
It says, don't ever feel obligated to take the calls in the order in which they come.
Finally, remember, this is showbiz.
You're ultimately the person who can make or break a good talent, George.
Give him or her the absolute best selection of callers.
And we all win.
Right?
Uh-huh.
It's 1156.
Well, I feel a lot better.
Maybe I don't think I had anything to do with it.
But, um, I guess we all felt that way the first hour and a half.
Till that space shuttle landing.
That's what got me awake.
That got my juices flowing.
Highly up.
A meal.
Yeah.
But it'll speak to you, sir.
Likewise.
George came on the line there to try and pet me up.
But I don't think it worked.
It didn't work.
It's obvious.
Well, we'll do the best we can.
Yeah.
That would do it.
Hey, uh, you know what, you know what the part of it that did it for me?
Which one?
That was what did it.
Oh, you land it.
It laying at the nose.
When she, when they put Elaine's nose on that runway, man, people were going nuts.
Even the people from CNN were in shock.
Any or another request or anything, but I want to hear the, uh, sent the Frank Sinatra, Nancy Reagan bit.
Okay.
Okay.
As they say in junior high school, sir, you got it.
And I believe you're God.
Yep.
And I want to call my sister Carmen and my brother Ray, psychotic, neurotic douchebag.
Okay.
Those are the best kind.
Let's see you.
Thank you, Neil.
All right.
Well, you want to see your Frankie Panky.
Now, where the hell am I going to find that?
Is it back on that thing there now?
Is it up on that thing up there?
Could be.
It might be.
It is.
Where the hell up there?
Sir, I got news for you.
I hope you got a lot of hernia insurance.
Bio Records presents Old Blue Eyes on an unauthorized new album called Frankie Panky.
When I'm around there, she just can't say no.
That's why the first lady has a trim.
Yes, Frank Sinatra is back.
And this time he's in the Lincoln bedroom.
And now your end is near.
And so I draw the bedroom curtain.
Frank Sinatra, the legend, the latch.
Run and then seek, run and then seek.
One was snapped while the others and seek.
This album is so hot even the regains are smoking.
To be, to be, to be, to be.
You'll get bitchcraft.
It was a very good rare.
And of course.
And then you go and spoil it all by marrying someone stupid like run Reagan.
Let me see your moon.
And let me send away the guards.
You'll get a check out of Frankie Panky, available now on busybody records and tapes.
I did her my way.
159 at W.I.D.
Well, must have been an exciting night for Mike last night.
You see how Kami looks today, relaxed, just not the usual hyper over emotional, overstimulated jackass that usually is.
Very calm like he finally got lucky, okay?
Check his hand, George.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
I'm so tired.
Freeze out of the way.
N-O-L-Y.
and that's what I was thinking
many of the old sounding callers
on the air less they qualify
you know something
I didn't realize that but Steve
Zimmerman or a brilliant engineer
with the shiny head
Steve has already put the new
thing on here and it's we got
a little card on there that
temporarily it's another
Palm Beach line is still working
now but it's like temporary in other words you've been reduced from permanent to
like just uh...
barely hang on
will remain active till early monday morning when the eight hundred number takes
over boys that can be can you imagine how that's gonna broaden the right then
will probably have to like five more sheets
of instructions on how to screen the calls for our dot oboe bird aboard ops
for example
callers should sound young and energetic all right let's go to four-letter hello
on the old
now you don't qualify
he sounded young
not too old
too old sir
and also he violated the b no speaker phones are bad lines you hear a
muffled that was
no deal
no way sir not on our not according to our new procedures
their point must be articulated in a concise manner
no multi-part questions long rambling questions or long preambles
in other words get to the point
and
you know i'm saying
so probably an easy way
and easy way to determine if they qualify for that part of our criteria would
be to ask them much of the exactly
no callers over now here's an interesting one no callers over sixty five
on less they've vehemently disagree with the host or guest that sounds like
the contrive kind of thing they do on the light bulb
or express an absolutely outrageous opinion
callers between the age of twenty five and sixty four are optimal callers under
eighteen must be extraordinarily articulate
never air more than one caller eighteen
what never air more than one caller under eighteen in a row
who the hell is he think he's kidding
now how do we know how old they are in other words you have to guess that
we don't ask them how old they are do we
he not even listening to me
in the pain that
is it like what he's screening
uh...
uh...
uh...
how do we know how all they are we don't ask them how old they are
we might ask them their shoe size but we don't ask a so what is this all
the stupid thing about the ages
oh man i'm telling god almighty this that i don't want to go into it
let's go to a mimian a starline hello
uh... i want to get this the paper they waste on the stuff
this call you new
cruises are so interested in the space show
i'm in my truck applying the brakes i got sixty pounds of pressure my
engine my temperatures are hundred and twenty five degrees in the engine
are my air conditioning on maximum
the station is on six ten and i'm in
drive over drive
all right okay good job
by now
thanks
get out there and cover it a lane
she said she'll bring her nose up to you sir
the old one
corals brings
what do i have to offer the show
okay let me go back to the beginning of what is your question or comments
i got your offer right here
i think that it might say they'll be right over
i hate to laugh at sad things but did you see that that the golfers think i
hit by the light
come on now that's grotesque laughing at that
i know it's just the inside the picture there's a
like
i was hurt like a little bit
i would think so yeah
and talk about you think you make a lot of money now do you see what
uh... uh... shank on a week at one minute of work
yeah million bucks half million
no million
i have to be wrong
wrong you're wrong
i read it in the paper this morning it must be right at said a million dollars
half million
okay
i'll argue about this whole day
anyway you're wrong
right now can you play the shuttle again i missed it the first
you want to hear the best part
okay touched down
i think
touched this
twelve thirty five at w i o d we have an open line and brown we're smoking
today but we got off to kind of like a screwy start in that first hour but
now that we got our underwear change man we're doing it we're cooking we're
smoking
still cigar to thanks by the way to wait again for sending some fresh ones
that last box man stale as grandma's uh... garden
and all that to chicken's deputy and your host
uh...
we move on out to double jeopardy
any you had the low score at the end of the last round choose a category please
extra terrestrial's for two hundred
it makes strange noises in the chicken coop late at night
yes bonus
frank Purdue no
kajin
no what is a poultry guy
poultry guy
any you still have control of the board
to be or not to be for six hundred
he was the star of the omen
on this
correct
we'll return to the
my only chicken jepady where
category will be
choking the pack
uh...
twelve forty
rejecting techniques
remember to disconnect immediately don't give it color time to respond this is
how to blow off the collar
thank you all pass along your comment click
number two
i'm sorry there's no more time to start but i'll pass your comment along click
three
i'm sorry we can't use your call today but we appreciate your interest click
beat off
but be polite whenever possible
scratch at last part of that
my any
you know neil i'm really pissed off about how can you call yourself an
american if you're not even worried about
our space shuttle landing okay on the field
yes you know what what is that i mean
can you really car yourself an american
so so why you know you'd rather talk about guiding light or some stupid
bull crap
soap opera tv then then then then listen
the space shuttle land
yes important to our space program in that state and you're not even worried
about
uh... can't hear
i would in good condition with you know what is that right
you know i'm you know i'm really surprised as much support as you get
for us to the war
yeah
important to the space program or you don't really don't care do you know i
think living proof of our space program is sir
what this call
twelve forty three at w i o d more space at this place we have an open line in
day seven five one let's go to davie hello
yeah
you know what the space on the land is to me
if you think that the example of the
ignorant american public
you know that
this waste their money
you ask a thousand people give them give me one example what we've got
out of the space shuttle program to be like
my no no
you know i don't know
what have we got out of this
the waste of money to me
and uh...
another way to get you know like
like we don't know we already know what's killing our plan nobody gives a
shit
you know
well
uh... twelve forty three
uh...
how come that isn't down here in the rules
we already know what the killing our plan nobody gives a shit
you know what the killing our plan nobody gives a shit
nobody gives a shit
let's go to you're right about the last part sir they don't
five two four w i d we have an open line in the center square and brown in
the
paul in line
my me beach
yes nil first time caller the name is carman and i'm all i'm all
picked up or parmin or car mine yet uh... it's carman carman maranda no no
no no it's a cullion born on the feast of st carmo they took the yellow
off and uh... added an end
but it's come to it's been kind of difficult here in the uh... in the south of
florida
but uh... i am the father six children so there's no problem there
i have a favor to ask of you
are you there
yeah i'm here
uh... have you written on ninety five lately going to work in date counting
there's a massive amount of paul's i've run to tires already
i'd like to see you as our night in shining armor to get something done
about it no chance
this is this show is not involved in social activism
you're not even a job here to entertain on the
and and one of the questions i want you to know where that guy that's all
concerned about the astronauts
yes
okay
the space could have
and nil i was wondering how come you never you never mentioned on your
cruise
uh...
it's great hearing you on the show even though you can't help me and keep up
the good work there okay
okay that one slipped through the screening process badly
okay maybe when we uh... have a little time later on in the show we can
analyze how that particular call slipped your our intensive
exhaustive screening process
let's make sure it don't happen again
let's go to my any on the starline hello
alone here
me very pissed off me peppy
no one else peppy
okay
boy they're doing it they're inhaling the uh...
hilly and this hour tell you that
my any
that i think i think about your part on ninety five you want to get help
with yeah
oh he was smoking it
listen i got the metro bus schedule for chuck my or if you interested when they
know the partner leaving
well we're going to be covering every arrival as a matter of fact
and uh... we're going to get the mini bus schedule to
exactly a metro rail we're going to have uh... i would be mini breaks with the
mini bus
uh... landings
uh... and for george the four-letter words are on page two of the memory got
turned over
okay
but well i mean you're on your own whole world
you know i heard it but it did get on the second time you made the cut
not the second time
that's alright one out of two and that
see it
next uh... take off of the shuttle
uh... post it at least update to twelve fifty two will have another uh...
i'll see
how about a draft show for the shuttle
good thinking we'll work on it
draft the astronauts
draft the c later
twelve forty seven at w i o d we have an open line in date seven five one nine
four six three seven five one
w i o d four-letter
i'm happy because george told me so
okay that number one number two
i don't come from a baseball town
let me ask you question when you buy a season ticket they give you a break
course
more casino football you know twenty eight months with a night you go to sixteen
well that's because there's only a limited number of games they got to give you
a break in baseball probably not much
you know that percentage they give you are
no
you don't know
minimal
minimal
we're going to do it anywhere i think you're right
we'll be there
you got it see it
you got it
here's a mobile in popin o hello
yeah me oh yeah
that's i've been screaming
happy and all that good stuff
hey did you happen to catch that locker room interview after that basketball game
the other night with your little buddy costus
no
that was the most incredible thing i've ever seen you mean the one where he said
about michael jordan's mother and father and it was his wife
yeah i couldn't believe it i could have been here to the little guy he looks like
a journal for christseggle
yeah
for a happy tall rock around the locker room
and he does and he does have his nose up all the super jocks but so i guess it
kind of fits
no problem as little as he is running around sticking his nose and everybody's
business but i couldn't believe that when he when he when he says you know
here's michael jordan sitting with his mother and michael says that's my wife
and he looks at her
and says oh it must be the hat i mean let's insult the bitch twice yeah right
believeable
i could believe it
the crazy thing i was all
but anyway i'm pulling up in front of the grandstand right now going into a
little advance betting on the quarters tonight
and i didn't know what you caught that thing and i decided to give you a yellow
say hi we caught it all right good luck to you sir you'll need it
okay there comes the money well listen we got an open line and brown word five two
four w i would do if george actually a lot of ridiculous personal questions
gets your name and phone number you'll know he's probably having some problems
at home
it's one oh seven let's go to the starlight and deer field
meal yeah yeah that's first time color great uh where's the asterisk on you
oh there it is yeah i mean that's not what that means
he said i should be peppy you know there's only one asterisk
just one yeah everybody's got one that's the only wonder wonder risk
but yeah i was watching an ambition the other night
and i'm finding effective opra calls put a big asterisk next to her name
there you go but i was watching an ambition the other night now finally
figured out who she is yeah she's buddy Ryan and drag
yeah that's what i figured buddy Ryan's inside on the whole time as it's
buddy Ryan and drag look real close there you'll see the way yeah he does
wear nice sweaters too how about the name South Florida Glades for the
team say goodbye one away to wio d no more names see that's another thing
that should be honest thing is screen them out
every caller ask them if they have a name for the team and if they even begin to
say yes hang up on them
i feel myself
this is on brokja in new york the blistering effects of global warming
continues to take their toll around the country in fall call North Dakota
a screening of the movie backdrop caused the two adjacent movie screens to also
catch fire for obvious reasons the a-15 showing of stone coal was cancelled
this is tom brokja talk about your hot box office
once sixteen at wio d just a great day isn't it's not raining is it
we don't know what kind of thing is there anything on there nothing it's great
gonna be a great night at the ballpark great night at pompano park great night for the Irish
south beach hey now yeah it's Billy didley yeah Billy from south beach from what
south beach how you doing oh south beach yeah and it's raining down here it's raining on south
beach yeah i'll be down Billy hey check this out yeah you need to go to master's
pizza and south beach man for what yeah the best pizza down there you mean an all in the road
huh all in road all teen and all teen and seventeen yeah have you been there no you gotta go there
they take food stamps too they they save them or they take them they take them they steal them
huh well you got some Billy now do you yeah i got a bunch of them oh i ripped them off from
some old ladies hey let me ask you a question see a Billy why does so many people in south
say to like who oh no time hands of my closet all you they curse in your wild
because they have no taste Billy oh yeah they're bunch of slime balls all right Billy hey Billy yeah say
goodbye all right one seventeen at w.w.w.d obviously well screen caller we have an open line
and day seven i got a good idea since we usually try to break all the rules that they set down
of these things immediately i see the problems got all these damn lines lit up do
aim these people sound like well let's try four hello yeah i hope my father say you're right
let's go to uh for laridae hello no kickly okay this will work out we're gonna dump all these calls
okay sorry i apologize we had all lines that i don't want to do that well i'm sorry i want to
try to break through will not says um more is the one sheet it said um callers under eight
no no get out
