If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm kick your goddamn teeth in if I had the goddamn teeth
I'd take outside kick my own damn ass you come on here, and you bash me
No, it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift around here
It's a most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life and I'm driving to work
I have a show to do and I'm getting ticked off at you
Call it if I had if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in
Well, I think a ability is probably the key word
Yeah, I hope it's in my key
You're nobody
Till somebody loves you
You're nobody
Till somebody cares
You might be king you might possess the world and all it's gold
But gold won't buy your happiness
When you're growing old
The world's still the same you'll never change it
As long as the stars shine above
Where nobody
You're somebody
Find yourself
How just anybody find yourself somebody
Thank you
And hello toad episode last night again little frog story
After watching a not too bad movie called over exposed with some people I never heard of before I thought it was pretty good
I give it about a six and a half seven
George has about a two what what the hell do you know
He's got a crappy attitude lately better straighten him out
He'll have a better attitude on Friday because Rick and suds are doing their show at Atlantis and you'll have to be here all the way till six o'clock
Sitting in there just
Chopping in the bed to get out of here anyway, so awesome movie which is pretty good
I'm going to bed let the dogs out and they come inside and
Guess what they're foaming at the mouth
Probably ran into one of the W.I.D. salespeople in the backyard. I could have been now they ran into another one of those
Bufo
Frogs now the big dog he just rinses mouth out real quick and when you weigh 94 pounds
It doesn't make too much difference. He's just fine
But my little dog who weighs eight pounds. He's like her key and jerky and jumping around and just to go in nuts
And I rinsed his mouth out and made him a little better and they started whining and yulping
so I take him to the
24-hour vet up on university and
McNabb
I think I'm about 25 shots and
Put them all back in shape
You know the dog is sick when you take him in there and there's some old
Hound dog sitting on the floor and he pays no attention to him at all because my little dog goes nuts over any other dog and
Fixed him up at about 20 minutes good as brand new falls asleep in fact to give him a little sedative to come his ass down
Falls asleep in my lap on the drive back to the house and I take him back in now keep in mind
I got both of these dogs the same day
About like two and a half years ago. They're both just over two and a half years old. They were little puppies
Brought him home the same day one ways 94 pounds the other one ways eight pounds
And I brought the little dog home who was practically in a coma by that time from the sedative and you would have thought these dogs have been separated for five years
Just clawing and scratching to get that door open so they could just to jump and chase each other all over the house
Just amazing now the reason I bring the story up by the way Bufo. I think probably a short for Buffalo. That's what I've been told
Which probably is true because they're nasty disgusting grotesque things and they're all over the place now
Not only we have gigantic killer mosquitoes this year, but the toads and the frogs are like his biggest Massachusetts. They're enormous. They're gross
So anyway the reason I bring it up and play the Alex Bennett thing there is because
It was just over a year ago about a year and a quarter ago at this time
What does that mean you're in a quarter ago at this time that
Alex Bennett came to town
came in his meada
Watching T. L. O'Vision and he was the wimpiest on the guy I've ever known in my life
Well, he just had that real I don't know and he had pen jolette on with him is good buddy from pen and teller
That first day that he's on the air and of course that happened to be the day
I came in and told the story about my dog who was much sicker last year. I mean nearly died from the poison
And I talked about it and then we had all these yantas calling it about it having an nervous breakdown
And he did four hours ripping me because I was supposed to be this big hot shot Miami radio superstar
And they came in a town listening waiting to hear this really exciting hot funny show and all they heard was this jackass talking about his dog almost died
So needless to say alerts and I got off. Oh you've lost just incredible amounts of weight
If you would cut off the that schmutzie here
Now that you grew here in the front seriously. He'd look almost human. Mitch Lewis is just I can't I once did you lose now
30 some 35 pounds what an ass. I can't stand that
Can't handle these people are just like and melts off their body
And you did a newtor system too dint you boy. That's amazing
But anyway, um, what the hell was I just talking about before I get distracted about?
And I know listen, I appreciate the help, but I general I have like a general idea. It's Tuesday
And I know what building I mean other than that forget it
And he got all bent out of shape over the fact I was talking about the dog nearly dying well to me
I mean it was a big deal okay to a lot of other people out there had similar experience
And then of course when you sampled his show for the following weeks hearing about letterbox format on
Video discs. I mean if you go out and buy a disc player
I'm going to tell you right now. It's biggest waste of money you've ever invested in your life
You might as well go to the track and bet it all on the longest shot on the board to win
As opposed to buying a video disc player. They're just a waste of time
I mean the the resolution just isn't that much greater than other for example a super VHS V-A
of VCR not a big deal
And if you want to watch a movie that looks like it's been squashed like it's been stepped on by fat rich on both ends
And all squashed down in the middle be my guest
So quite frankly, I think it's more entertaining to talk about the Bufo Toads for four hours every day than listen to the crappy
Atterpedal if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm kick your god damn teeth
Although I will say this is I look back in retrospect. I do miss those melodious tones
Okay, anyway, it's 11 after 10 also yet yesterday quarter to six
I receive a frantic call while nearly frantic for my mother who says
now
She's having a nervous breakdown because her cable she just I don't know how took her till a quarter to six yesterday to discover it
Her cables all screwed up because she lives in Hollywood where they're unfortunate enough to have store a cable
Which we discussed on nausea me yesterday
And she's having a fit because she's trying to find her although well keep in mind
This is a quarter to six which means for 45 minutes. She's been flipping all around those channels
All I can find is the news. I can't find her although. What am I gonna do? I mean she was just apoplectic
So I said call those assholes up tomorrow and first she wanted to go down there and I heard some woman call Rick and suds
I was on my way home yesterday and to say that she went down there with a box because she thought her box was all screwed up
And it was standing online like it was the early bird on special sale
At the rascal house they were lined up for like a thousand blocks
So I said forget about going down there
Call them up and demand that they send you out another schedule in the mail
I could have told her to turn on channel nine and write down the list but that would have been too easy
So needless to say if mommy is all hysterical about store cable there lots and lots of people out there who are suffering from serious
consternation and or constipation today all over this town
Because of those slime balls at store cable you know Jim Bozo and that is his name. He's the head honcho
I used to have money a year ago and I did all those topical boring shows and every now and then we do a show on cable TV and have the different
To honcho's on from cable systems and his name is Jim Bozo
That's his real name is the head guy at store. Yes, sir. Yes
About wars and boats that you talked about earlier about what
Briggers cars and boats now we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth
I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Yeah, calm down. So I can deep breath
Daddy
If I knew that I wouldn't have been asking say what's that I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
Over one
Now the boat waterway. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah
Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time. Well, what what is the time?
I believe is that rush hour times sir
That they are not open to marine traffic other than that they are open to marine traffic
So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too much
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crafters that that is not a communist bunch of
Sounds like some kind of the end-of-the-thousand fastest Tommy Pico
Exactly
The boat is going to stop for 5,000 cars
Is that it? No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you should go that's right
I suppose you want the man-briggs closed to both traffic and a hurricane too
I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed
I want the bridge tended to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives
I want those bridges closed let him use the junior tunnel. Okay, you know
I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders. How do you like that sir?
Well, I don't know about you
But you shot like some stupid idiotic
Well, I don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiotic
Stupid stupid stupid idiotic
Stupid idiotic
1016 at W.I.O.D. We have a major celebrity on the phone now so we don't mess around with any
Time wasting bits and stuff. We get right to it ladies and gentlemen
A legend in the broadcasting industry a legend in the Hawaiian shirt wearing contests from coast to coast
Hello
Who is this?
Neil, how are you today?
Oh, this is I said the georgias is this sunny fox and he said yes
I thought it was sunny fox I put you on
Like oh jeez
What's that out of here you're a slime ball sunny from the market
Neil you got me very confused. I thought it was by his ox. I thought it was somebody important
You got me no, I'm not important, but you got a shine artist you're she you got more excuses than carters got
Oh man, but you're the confusing you're the goddess of using the whole deal you got more you got more excuses
That our sales department's got him. Well, let's not talk about yourself. Let's not you know they're not my favorite
No, really well. We've got something in common anyway. They're the best. Okay. They kick ass. They each others
I know you've told me that you're diabetic. Yeah. Can you not eat the fresh fruit that I send you? That's correct
Well, then I won't send it right. Hey listen. I never stopped it before. Let me just say something to you. Okay
You know what I like the best forget about when I said about the tea fact you're diet, which is a very I like that a lot
That didn't mean you should stop sending the great stuff you were sending before there's not enough fat in all of that put together to
Well out to a p hole in the snow as somebody I know would say that's right
So don't worry. I you know, I mean when you went from one extreme to the other and all of a sudden started with a slice of onion and two
Carrots sticks that wasn't exactly my idea of a gourmet salad
Well, what happened yesterday? What's your excuse for today? I have no excuse, but you know you have so many people sending you so many great salads and food
I thought that one day that I didn't send it you wouldn't miss it
Oh
You know something I don't think it was a boof-hove
Toted all in my backyard. I think sunny was in the yard last night the dogs both were foaming at the mouth
Because you make me foam at the mouth. I tell you that
One day you tell me that you enjoy those raspberries and fresh blueberries
I do but I'm not supposed to eat them. I enjoy having like a hot-fudge Sunday on
Caramel
Chris Biscream too, but they don't mean I can eat it
Well, that's why I'm confused. I don't know what to send you anymore
Oh, man this man is so full of crap. Did you have any complaints all those other days? Were there any complaints? How many times you brag about that anti-pastel? I send you
And then and then I found out that you said don't send anymore that I don't want it who the hell said that you did on the air you're full of crap here now
I'm telling you I heard you say that the same as the plantains and the same as the other day
I sent you those beautiful berries and I heard you say who wants my fruit exactly
Well now, you know, I wasn't talking about the berries. Oh, excuse me
Sonny, you're so full of crap, but just why do you why do you lower yourself?
Do you mean yourself to this level where you like gravel on your kid?
Why don't you just said? I mean if you're gonna send which I'm an additional which I'll pay for it
I have no problem. I'm not looking for a freebie. All right, send me on a paper. Give me I'll give you credit. Yeah, right
Listen, it's my pleasure to send you our fresh shallower. You're full of crap, sonny
And if you wanted me to feed all your crap, I don't want you to feed listen to me, please
Do you want to sell it George?
George would like one George deserves when he's underpaying. He's a great guy. No
Listen to me. Stop trying to be a big shot to make up for yesterday being an asshole. Okay, listen to me
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm kicking god damn teeth in one for me and one for George
Period the rest of these people like I said before what really bugs me
Like if I get something in here that somebody sends me
There are certain people in this building who automatically assume that it's my obligation to feed them
What when does their show come on you know what I'm saying absolutely? So the hell with them
I'm not gonna play this game and then then if you bring him three or four then there's like 20 other people where is ours?
Scroll them let them go out and buy lunch okay?
They got a good time under hand. Do not do it any work in this place with great respect all your colleagues and contemporaries there
If I want to feed the world I can you know bring them all in it is a thousand out there
It'll be you want to get free salads out go down to Camilla's house and help those people down there
They need a lot more than these people out here to go to or I do for that matter. I do send them a lot of
God start sucking around up, but I'm gonna send you and George a fresh salad. Oh, man
All right, see I told you do you hear that?
That's right, but I don't know what is right and what is wrong
That's obvious so that's all having that white hair like that is wrong. I'll tell you that no further fucking right
All right, I'm telling you I love listen to me. Yes, sir
You come on here and you bash me something to say to you in closing, sonny. Yes
See you see you
Come on in one after ten. I thought it was my socks
So I immediately went rushed right to the call and I had a carton here that was left in my box that I wanted to hear what it said
Hey Neil I'm the guy you love the rip on on my amy zone scottie Mac
Oh, jeez what a twerp what a real twerp. I am so sick and tired of hearing about my amy zone
What does that mean who cares? He's a torpy little boredop who sits in there and picks his nose and comes in here and screws up all the carts
When grave lines kids and his friends aren't in here doing the uncederedy morning
And yes the word is out all over the building the guy comes in here to do a four hour show or four and a half
Whatever it is Saturday morning once a week four hours
Why is it necessary? This isn't this isn't the circus. It's not a playground. It's a place of work
It's a radio station
Why is it necessary for him to bring his kids and his ex-wife and his girlfriend and
Boyfriend and 20 people in here playing with the carts like it's a playground this ain't a playground. It's a place of business grave line. You jackass
Now what does that call from Hollywood all about hello? Oh, yeah, but I do yeah
I mean you were last on the line, but I was just to peeked my curiosity when I saw the topic
Well, you you were talking to Sonny, right? Yeah, I thought was gonna be Zavox, but it was old white here. It's sunny
Is that the sun needs that we see on TV? Yeah, no
Sonny that you've heard of the green grocer. That's Joe Cartioni. This is sunny the white hair grocer
No Joe died, right? So Sonny's last but bottom Joe died
Joe Cartioni didn't he? Joe Cartioni died
No
Come on, did he too many of those poison berries I think but but but what I want to know is why why you land back to old Sonny
What are you talking about?
Well, I don't know I just sounded like you were giving him the give him the hard time
Given him the raspberries, that's where because he deserves it because he's a
freeloading of fool
Well, that's what I always wanted to know like you know sometimes we listen to you and you and you're in somebody and uh
The radio show sir. It's part of the radio show
He enjoys that he loves the publicity we can call him every name in the book and he loves it because he's an
Egotistical Eagle maniacal adoosh band, okay?
He loves it. It's just a radio show. Don't take everything so uh so seriously
Actually, I don't think it's seriously gonna where you get in
Get the early shot here on the radio. Yeah, I love you
I'll tell you one thing these people this must be like Monday because for Monday yesterday
We had a sensational Monday the phones were jammed for four hours today
They're jammed and then they're all dropping off in a hurry like they usually do on Monday
One minute I looked down every line is lit then all of a sudden have them drop off
Then I looked down or I'll let again in the dry they're like ancillary pants Tuesday
I guess or maybe they're killing toads in the backyard
I don't know what that is or maybe the mention of Alex Bennett's name chased a couple of them away. That's possible
I don't know. Well, let me call you have you been at the uh
You've been called already. I haven't been to call her yet this meeting now
But they really did a good job, but now it's second floor up there boy. Yeah, he uh
Make it a pleasure to lose your money. Oh really? Well, that's what I hear. I hear it looks sensational
You're only dead
Oh, here's the body by solo flex spot got to go sir. Okay. See if do you have that promo the traffic one see wipes
The brand-new king sky watch six 10 traffic with three play coverage
Okay, I can't I can't handle that's it
When I hit that pop pop peep peep. Oh god, those are nauseating
I do notice that that four hundred second promo disappeared for how you dial star 70 before you call so you don't get the call waiting
That insipid piece of crap that went on for like five and a half minutes like slapping the audience in the face
And I'm gonna tell you another thing since I'm on a roll this week. Yes today in the beginning of their show
W-I-O-D's day get it off
Yesterday at the beginning of their show I hear a Rick and suds lamenting the fact that was he hanging around?
Was he looking in here because they said he was in there was jumping all over their ass about how they have to say
W-I-O-D news talk or whatever the hell it is like 80 million times an hour when I first came here
Bill wise tried to give me the same crap and wrote a stupid memo about that which I read on the air and just ripped into pieces
You see this business of promoting inside
Everybody who's listening right now knows they're listening to W-I-O-D. Okay, they know the dials on six 10
They know it's W-I-O-D. They know I'm the erudgers. They know it's Georgian air. It's Rick and suds. It's Reneering
They know that he recycling the same audience over and over again doesn't get the job done
See so it's instead of going out there and promoting the people we got on the year and what we really do here
Instead they put up those stupid news weather and traffic billboards
They give us no promotion whatsoever and then they put the the monkey in our back
That's your GTR monkey they stick it on our back. Okay, it's your fault. You guys aren't
None of station idea. They don't know what station it is. Yeah, they know what station it is
Phil Kostin just came in he said Joe Cartioni be dead so
He thinks he's pretty sure not positive so dead or alive
There's a good run for you Chuck when you come back on Saturday morning
Chuck by the way not too happy the pirates didn't win yesterday. Of course they didn't play
But he was walking around with a real surly look on his face this morning
So it has to be either because I parked in the new space again
That's my space out there by the way. I'm only here for an a half hours a day
Huh, so now it's my space. I've appropriated it
Whether they like it or not in addition what they shouldn't be in here anyway. They should be out getting news, right?
Miami
Hello
Oh
Boy these calls are choking me up into that or these cheap cigars my amies gone
Okay, you're a loss not ours. What open line and date 751 W I O D one and brown or five two four
Voyton Beach on the starline. Whoops. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey Neil. How you doing?
I thought this is Lee Lee. This is a JNO
No wrong number
I guess it didn't win the Saddam Hussein toilet paper
Is that what they're doing? Oh, I'd not I heard during the war
They were doing some stupid. Well, that's pretty exciting. You know, that's the major market radio up there
Chain. Oh, that's a big time. Yeah, I got to pick him a long time ago. Yeah
Anyway
Please play please play the yeah, please. Oh, chance. Oh, you know, you got those
You haven't even said hello. Well started out trying to be funny with some crap about Lee Fowler and his look-alike toilet paper
Which quite frankly he can wipe his own and you haven't even been like made an attempt
To say anything you get right to the bill which is good. That's good. You're not sucking around. Yeah. No, what do you want? What do you want?
Those speaking of those
Promotes for the news. Yeah, which sound like you know music they played during a 72-dolphin clip. Yeah
Those things Rick and suds did up for that. There's stuff. I don't play there stuff. You don't call him and ask him for it
I want you to do it anyway. I'm not gonna do it because I don't think you mean the one about Henry
I don't think they're funny. I don't I don't like those at all. I don't I don't
I don't like him if I like to might steal it
But I'm certainly not gonna steal material. I don't like I think they're mediocre at best
You know what the real shame you guys I imagine you got a it's bad radio to rip your own
spots on the station to rip what rip your own spots
Rip our own spots. Yeah, the commercials. No, we don't rip our commercials believe I'll tell you that you could you could do
50 hours a day on that. Well, that's great, but we don't I know
Like you could while we're here we're a horser. We're here to make a living and however we can do it
That's what we're gonna do. I know have a great life
Wow 1053 this cigar is just killing me over here
Wow
Look at that I might have been from a bufo tote or something two open lines and brownered 524 w i o d 524 946 3 Palm Beach
Hey, Neil. Yeah, it's a caretaker. Did you get my I sent you something in the mail? What are you screaming for?
I'm sorry sir. What I sent you a thing in the mail. Yeah, it was there on the Chicago Cubs versus New York. Did you get it? No
Well, it's in the Chicago Cubs versus New York. Well in other words, there was an it's by this guy this come at this
This guy this dude
It's smoke yeah
Rizzo or Mike something he
Somebody sent him a letter Frank Rizzo
No, it
He's a reporter, but anyway, it's something to do with
um
Which reminds me when they were having the baptism seen in the church in godfather one
And the priest is uh dunking that schmutz. No, listen to me and he says to Michael Corleone
He calls him Michael Rizzi doesn't he? Does anybody call him? Yeah, that's what he said now. What does that mean? I don't know
Well, it's a little something listen don't you wait George is giving me a perplex look
Don't you remember the baptism seen in godfather one and he's got the little ladle that he's dropping doing this our care crap
And he says Mike do you uh this and do that yeah, yeah, I
Do this and he says Michael Rizzi. Well, what is what is that his name was Michael Corleone
What's Rizzi? You know what you're doing in new fran frizzo. You know what your just name is in Spanish
Oh, hey, yeah, no kidding. Yeah, boy. That's really educational
I have thank you very much. Okay, listen this article you got to read it because it's uh it's very
Is it possible to have so many super people walking around the loose?
They must send you things from worldwide. No, they don't have your big time. No, I'm not in dated with anything
Well little something
Except crap exactly
I had another thing like very recently listen Neil. Yeah, one thing man. I want to listen
I want to invite you guess what I'm doing on house city on the extremely and dollar estate. They went to me
What is that what was that in the background? I don't know
Anyway, I'm inviting you up just you
Okay, to stay with me in my estate. I don't want to stay with you at your estate or anybody else's
Is it you'll love it. It's on me. No, I won't love it
Yes, you will. No, you can bring the dogs. I don't want to bring the dog. I've got enough problem in my art sir
Have a great life
Oh, listen, what?
Neil one more thing. I want it. Please remember I called last week and I sure do and boy
It's really just driving me nuts
Say goodbye sir. No, once say goodbye
1055 couldn't handle another second. I just couldn't take it
1055 at W I O D on a great Tuesday. It's a hell of a day man. It's fantastic
You know Maria genero this morning on those cut ins where they do the local
Thank you Adam. You're a great American. Okay. We'll see you a little later
What was she saying? Oh, George just relaxed George is getting jealous
What was it Maria genero she does those cut ins with the temperatures in the morning on the CBS morning news
Which I don't care what anybody says I do like that show all of it
It's a very tacky inner a horrendous interview with that poor little 14-year-old kid who's got AIDS over in search
He's marrying a 16-year-old girlfriend and they had the mother and the other mother and the one way the 600 pounds on the sofa
Was it I mean why don't they just get up off the couch saying mind your own business and go to hell and walk off the set
You know, I mean get lost with that stuff
But she says this morning she says it's gonna be hotter than Hades
She's predicting like 91 to 94 for today
And I'm telling you Maria one of these days soon is gonna say it's gonna be hotter and hell
Come on Maria you can do it and a whole audience out there is just gonna get up and do it like a Bronx cheer. They're all gonna
You're something like that in the background or one of the other. Here's a lady in South Miami. Hi Neil. Hi
It does what you're radio station as you used to call snooze. Yeah, what happened over there? Oh, they disappeared
No, Jerry's not there Jerry went to that big light bulb in the sky. He's on WFT
You couldn't hear it there for a million dollars
WFL oh for God we found the losers and believe me in his case. They were sure right about that
Things just aren't what they used to be are they since those good old days? It's just going to hell on a hand casket
Very nothing WQAM right
Radio's a waste like a gigantic radio cesspool is it it's horrendous? I mean you have nobody
Listen to or anything. Yeah. Well, thank God for us right
Good for you
Thank you Neil. Okay, you hang in there. It's gonna get a lot worse
Good morning. It's the big button show
And a big hoodie do to you. Yeah, good morning ladies and gentlemen nice to have you with us welcome to a Wednesday the seventh day of October
This is your friend and his dick with you between 0 and 10 o'clock and morning ankles. How are you today?
With us five o'clock and a
It's a cut it girl. Why it's good to begin with a laugh. I always say the cutting through it is I've been in love before
Okay, it's 11.06
The reason I was getting into that cut is that somewhere on there is the thing with the green grocer and an honor of Joe Karchione being dead
Even though it's you know a couple of years. He probably ain't even mildly warm anymore
But we'll probably play that
Six minutes after 11. I want to thank sunny profusely while sunny junior actually came over and he says if my dad gives you any more flank
Just tell me now beat the cramp out of
And I think you couldn't hurt at this point now. Let me just oh here. It's even got your name on it George
Oh, look at that boy. That's a nice looking salad for George there
And there's a beautiful banana that Laura might want. Oh, I thought you were coming in here to take that to George
Understand why you just sat your ass down on the chair and here look at this. What is this no fat no sugar? What is that?
Looks a papaya. Well, that's good. That's perfect for you
papaya's got a brand new bank
And here's mine. Okay, everybody's got theirs and that's it and anybody else in the building who didn't get theirs too bad because we don't share
All right
It's 1107 a W I O D. We got Frankenstein on the line here. Meal. Yes, sir. Oh, are you okay?
Went to the a couple of things a couple of four horses. All right. That's good. Yeah
and
You might have to dump it if I told you no no no don't start with that terrible
Already had to dump your friend the other day don't start with this you might have to dump it crap clean up your ass
I'm just kidding. You know, I didn't I didn't like it. Keep clean up your actor. We're gonna put you on a laboratory table again. Okay
I really think it was that great. You know, okay the simul casting is cool, but the simul casting is great
And the other is
Hey, listen this crowd don't give a crap about anything. Okay, we're gonna get a weekend
There's still calling up the sports talk asking how come the hurricanes, you know, didn't win the national championship last year
1993 right yeah
Fantastic national league cops are gonna come gonna come down. Yes, sir. Right. It'll be tremendous
And I heard that darling they might get darling because he's gonna be there certain players are like we don't want any picture named darling. Okay
It'll be like a mini-New York match. No, let's hope
No, no
How about Zimmer?
How about Don Zimmer
Wouldn't that be great about Harry and then we'll just kind of pick the cubs one by one. We'll have the cubs here
Well, I mark grace and sandberg and Dunston's unhappy with them. I you know, we'll have all the cubs
Mike Barlecki
Greg Maddox
No, I'd rather have them that's hector villain O'Wave a
And I've got a little mini-spire report
Yeah, it's kind of funny. You had a somebody call mentioned JNOS hour, but
That's what it's about. I was listening to your your buddy Lee
Yesterday, I guess who and well
Lee Valor just for a couple of it and he had a promo on
And he said
Two and in tomorrow for three hours of non-topical talk you seem to enjoy it today and then he played you have bubble found that you have that
I can't really make the noise like those bubbles going
Bubbles yeah, you know, I don't know you have an on-car, but it's like it sounds like bubbles popping
He played it the exact same thing you did. Oh, yeah. No, you probably you probably be cornered it right off this show
Huh, he probably recorded it right off this show
That's a Sally Fitz card
I have no idea. Well, what do you worry about that station in that market? It's not worth worrying about
It's like asking me about how the station in Belgrade is doing. It's just it's meaningless
I want to get home. I turn jack hole and oh god
I know I need some help you are sick
And the dean on weekends he's great. Yeah
He's still alive. Yeah, he's not good. I like him. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy
Yeah, he's all right. He says he's the founder of talk radio. Yeah
Just like George Washington was the founder of our country, but he's been dead a long time same with the dean
I listen Frank you've been kind of terminal today. Have a great day. I always have
Take care and help see him
Wow 10 after 11 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in Broward somebody just dropped off at 524 in the center square and Palm Beach at 655 W. I. O. D. How's your salad George?
Kind of marginal on mind today
Don't get that nice big slice of Vigalia onion that we were talking about got all these shrooms in here though today
Capita would go nuts if you could see this
And some nice plantains little something sound. It's okay. I give it about a five usually. It's about an 11
So I guess he's tried to get even with me. Okay. Well all I want to say to you sonny just look what happened to Joe Cartagony
And fat rich is still eating
Dick our stranger on the shore festivals become so popular. We're gonna add something special today
And what is that Casey a celebrity stranger on the shore? Yeah, and here's our celebrity
Joe Cartagony Junior. Well, this is a real treat
Good morning dick good morning everybody. It's so nice to be here in prison
Joy's boys. I should introduce you. This is the bag man. That's Colleen. Doc is over in the corner. You know Doc Donut certainly absolutely no
Patu
You know does that please? You know
No Patu
Donut contain absolutely no
Good and this is ankles over here as it going
But you know ankles beer is a valuable source of fat gut here to can yeah
Joe can we get to your version of stranger in the shore and out it here's my special guest
Joe Cartagony doing his version of stranger on the show. All I do
Thank you Casey
There's a celery on the shore and that's a lovely stock
How did you get here little celery if only you could talk
What else do I see upon the shore that may give me a clue
I see a few potatoes
So tasty and Irish stew
Someone was on the beach I think to have a picnic
And knock their picnic basket over when they tried to have a quicky
I see veg tables everywhere scattered about the sand
If I could see this every day I'd open a produce stand
I see another stranger there
She's well
She's wearing a bookini
Okay
Excuse me miss I wonder if you dropped your zucchini
And now I see her boyfriend running toward me in a frantic pace
I think he's going to kick some sand right in my back
Donut attack me sir I'll tell police
And you'll be a felon and by the way
Ask your girl is also dropped a melon
Perhaps me now and I finally know how a vegetable really feels
Because this goon buried my face down in the sand up to my heel
Yeah, thank you Joe Cartagony Jr
Welcome dick this is Joe Cartagony Jr. Your green grossa reminding you
Never just you with your finger on the beach
Someone will mistake it for a close point at the shore
And that rich is still eating
1117 at WIOD look at his guy his own little mini salad in there
He comes and there's anybody in the world eating
He has to sit down and to be sociable and eat with him
So if there's anybody out there planning on eating lunch just wait a few minutes he'll be right over
Oh look at that you got your beautiful papaya with a
Self-propelling knife in it. It's 1117 at WIOD Miami. Hi. Oh, why? Yeah, okay? Hey, you know what papaya is in Spanish?
I don't want to hear you gotta be careful. Okay. All right
You've been into the movies lately, huh? No, you gotta go see back jobs pretty good. Why?
Because it's in Chicago
It takes place on Chicago and they have great scenes in Chicago and boom by the way that girl I called it
That if she wanted to take her her boss somewhere she said where's the action at
You're up in the rush street. Mm-hmm. All around him. Yeah, pretty boring, huh? No, it's caught. No
Oh, why'd you say that? Have you heard these other calls? Yeah, they're there. I think by comparison
You're like about a 32 on a scale of six they're all by comparison because everything is relative now really go see back
Yeah, but it's a really good movie. Yeah, I think it's gonna be nominated for a couple of awards. Did you see um body chemistry?
No, did you see over exposed? No, okay? Well, I've been at least nobody else did either
I watch these stupid movies on a cable and then I figure
Somebody out there will have something to say now body chemistry wasn't too bad, but the ending was horrendous
It just uh to me the worst part that people have is ending movies right they just don't know how to end the movie
In other words, they write this script they do it. They you know
They put it together and then they come to end it. They don't know how to end the movie
Exactly
Back times had a terrible ending, but it's still a good movie though. Yeah, you know
Dives the one of the main guy. I'm not gonna say who was that Joe Cartioni. No, you know what he ate
Probably too many papayas. No, he ate something that uh, uh, what's his guy? What's his name? Dom to Louise cooked
They were buddies, you know, right? No. Yeah
He's hanging out who's buddies?
Dom to Louise with who?
With with the green grocer with Joe Cartioni. Yeah
You know that now
You know, he's out there. We've had his own little cooking thing right? Yeah, yeah
There were buddies. Okay, well, he don't look like he's been eating too many vegetables to me. I'll tell you that
Don't by the way the cup suck
Okay, great you while you were doing great
See him
19 after 11 at W I O D. We have an open line indeed. Oh man. It's either the caller this salad that gave me the indigestion
751 W I O D, okay? I don't uh, you know, the shredded carrots
They really look nice, but I could live without that okay life is more than just shredded carrots
I like some of that corn. I know it's a little starchy
Or a little tiny bit of that
Well, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna start getting picky then he'll call again tomorrow. Don't ever put him on the air again
By the way, George it says sunny on there. It better be uh sunny fox not him
Pompato good morning. Yes, sir. I'm doing doing fabulous. I'm a second time caller long time
I'm not gonna suck around and tell you how great you are though. I do want to ask you something
You just mentioned his name too. Do you know sunny fox? Yeah, well, I mean well enough to call him and ask him to take down them damn
Putard yellow billboards that are on every damn corner down here and no further fucking what the hell is he got to do with that at least his
Listen at least that sir go ahead at least why 100 or whatever the hell stays
Nez on magic a 102.8 and a half whatever it is at least they've got the
Enthusiasm about him that they put his name on the billboards
They don't just put up their magic old and oldies they put his name on the billboard like they're proud that he's there
I had I just had to get that off my back or sunny foxes as a case maybe yeah, okay anyway
In closing to all my ex-duced back friends who didn't come to my sons won your birthday party up yours, you know who you are
Okay, good job sir. I don't blame him
Yes
Here's Andrew dice clay for dice errone all right. Let's say you're eating
You're sick and
fucking tired of
Empatators and that stovetop
Do like me honey eat this
Dice errone come on. It's almost as simple as you put the fucking bag in the
In your turn on the
Install you think you can manage that honey. Hey, what up in the fucking things done
So remember Yankee doodle came to town right none of pony stock a feather off is that
Called it dice errone
Okay, 1126 at W.I.O.D. and let's take a call
Oh, we got a call from Saginaw Michigan. That's been sitting there for a long time for hours Neil well prices right
The price is right. Yeah, cuz I'm not paying right you've been a Saginaw down now no no sir
Fuck you lived up here in Saginaw
But in Michigan, where'd you live in Michigan?
Everywhere except Saginaw
Oh
What the hell would I go to Saginaw for what a horrible place? Oh
Oh god gruesome almost as almost as bad as splint
Mama would have been sitting there now in the Detroit they got catch a pirate game tonight. Mm-hmm
Really playing the cups
Did does anybody understand what this caller is talking about maybe I'll go to the truck catch a pirate's game
Who are they playing the cups what does that mean who is who playing?
I was going about Saginaw down
Who is who who is who playing
How the hell do I know how would they be playing the Pirates or in the Cubs they're out in the same league idiot
You are you're a jerk
Don't say that
What do you want sir?
What do you want?
Okay, hello
27 after 11 a double don't think just because some of these people are calling from out of town
They're gonna be any better than the misfits we have in town. I mean that guy was pathetic. I wouldn't wish him on the dean
We have an open line in date 751 what in Palm Beach at 655 and the Star Line if you have Bell South mobility
Speak now forever hold somebody else's star i.o. D Miami
Deal how the go and my apologies for taking that Saginaw call that was the worst call in the history of talk radio
Definitely
I've got some news about the green grocer yeah
After the unfortunate demise of the joker choney and I'm dying over here. Yeah
His son has taken over the mantle and is now
Broadcasting on a kcbs in San Francisco. Joe junior
Yeah, and also does a television spot on ktb. You well, that's great
It's good to see that we keep those fruits and vegetables in the same family
Definitely um
Just wanted to say that
With the news about the baseball team coming here um
I don't know if the people are in in florida know how fortunate they are that they're getting a nationally team as opposed to an american
That's correct
It's uh we got an american league too and always be like getting the minor league marlin's back. Yeah, triple a exactly
Like getting iowa
Well, I'm I called you a couple weeks ago and um
I'm the san francisco giant fan that recently transplanted bay area
Person the giants are making their comeback
You know hopes brings us all right, right and uh I'm making my my trip next week that I tell you about to go see the giants in the cubs
really so really forward to that and
Took your advice and let the let the hotel get the tickets and so everything's all arranged. Yeah, no problems behind that
That's what we're doing. Okay, so I just want to say you've got a great show and um and one of what you know about the green grocer
you know
The senior goes up to heaven and you know the sun takes over. Okay. Well listen don't feel too bad about those three losses next week
Have a great time. All right, but let's go to willadian my amy. Hello. Hi. Neil. How you doing?
Um, not that great. Why I just have so much to complain about
I'm actually out here watching my house because we just had termites. Yeah, I had the house tented
No, I'm not here watching it. I don't know why I'm watching it because we were just bugged right two weeks ago
This lovely city of north Miami
Where is there to move down here? That's pretty safe
Oh, I think like about four miles out into the Atlantic would be good like an old robot
Yeah, really there needs to be low jack for uh the criminals put in fire
Low jack inside your body exactly put inside their bodies. Yeah, not them down
So how's everything else going? Have you ever had your house term or not?
Have I ever had it what terminized? Terminized
I'm outside on my portable phone. That's why I can't say that I've had to pleasure
There have been a few termites that sneak into front door every now and then but most of them go back out
I'm sure and how about burglarized. No lucky you know. Yeah, one time. Yes, I did
Isn't it the worst? Did they not not a lot of fun, huh?
Or did they just clean it out? Clean it out. When in doubt clean it out. Did you have an alarm system?
Uh, no, it's a long time ago. This was we've been alarm system too. Hmm. They don't care these days. Now
Knock it in come on out and they know well, maybe they were after the termites. Maybe you're right
I hope they got it. I'm going to sell in them by the pound
Exactly
Exactly
Now I brought that up yesterday, but of course nobody ever responds to anything I bring up. It is a real-day Lima
In this area is to wear
To live because unlike most major metropolitan areas. I mean, there's no hub. There's no
There's nothing that you really want to live close to unless it's your work or something
But other than that there's no like center where the action is meant because there ain't any action
But it's just so we have a conglomeration of all these bedroom towns
And you just keep moving further and further west. That's what I've been to. I'm almost out in the Everglades now way out there in plantation acres
But like I said the other day if you don't live anywhere near the ocean you might as well be living in
Peoria it's just there's just no attraction
Well, we move from West Kendall not to mention the fact that the further west you move you're wearing it all these big
Bufo frogs and your dog start freaking out and
Mesquitos the size of a Gibraltar. It's just it's outrageous out there. Are there a lot of mosquitoes out where you live?
Oh, man, are there a lot of mosquitoes? There are more mosquitoes out there than there are people
See we move from West Kendall. There are more mosquitoes out there than there are termites in your woodwork
Well, Kendall was pretty bad not because of the mosquitoes but the language barrier
I lived in Kendall for five years and then I just couldn't handle it anymore
Yeah, no one speak English
When I had to every time I left the house I had to show my passport I said no more for me
I felt the same way so here we are north Miami and that seems to be changing too
Well, I also isn't it amazing how we kind of follow each other around
I also lived in North Miami at the Twin Lakes Racket Club for two years long ago and it was a wonderful neighborhood and it was a great place
So we're in the California Club area which is really not too far like a stone's throw you could throw a giant rock from there to where I live and
Might not be a bad idea a nice place, but it's getting worse changing neighborhood
I hate to put it in those terms, but it's getting pretty smarmy
Yeah, so I just don't know where else to go and that's sad because that's a real you would think that would be a primo part of time
It's right it's right there at the golden glades and it's so convenient to come anywhere you want to get on a turnpike the Palmetto 95
Tabito it's just it's like heaven it's perfect area of location wise but 20 minutes from everything but I don't know what to do
It's kind of like faded into oblivion exactly
Exactly to make convenient stories next step is plantation
Well plantation is nice, but like I said you keep getting farther and farther in the west and it's like living in
Sagadah, Michigan I know you want to get like that guy from Sagadah?
No, I came from Long Island a place called Stony Brook. Oh, yeah, just way out there
I know how long it took to get into the city to do anything constructive
So I think I can handle it just to feel safe. I just don't feel safe here anymore
Well, it's not a problem getting around because it takes me only about 35 40 minutes getting all the way from the acres down here into Miami
Right because of the 595 and the turnpike it's a snap right
But I am getting a little upy-oed with the frogs and the mosquitoes and it's just it's like living in the Everglades and then in May and October
The love bugs which to me are the most disgusting things on a face of the they're just all over the place
You go out to lay in the shades in a back and get a little sun and relax and all of a sudden they're just all over your face and you're swatting
Oh, man love it the love bugs
I have another name for them, but I've repeated in the air. Well the mosquitoes we got now are as big as two of them love bugs
So maybe it was maybe they did a little breeding in between
So the frogs that you're talking about that your dog had trouble with yeah, it is similar to the frogs that they had on LA law
Last month I don't watch LA law
They had these frogs that's mostly lick the frog and you get a high off of it. Oh really? Yeah
Or your kiss the frog and you turn into a princess
Which I think I may have done some time along the way
Well listen have a great day and good luck to you. Let me know where you land. Thank you
Okay, okay
Now she's got a real dilemma there. Maybe there are people in here for the chamber of commerce for various parts of this god for saken town
I'd like to call input a big pitch in for I can't imagine where the answer is
Hello again everyone from the channel seven new center
I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for our update
We have some new reports it just came in there
Hard to explain so let's move to the Middle East war map
Rick's world if you will and I'll try to explain
Rick's world
Party on everyone. I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally fits party on sale
Party on Rick called San Pedro lately
Not since I've been back from Houston people in the business remember but fortunately for me the public has a short memory
Say what about that guy you flattened is he still in a coma?
Yeah, still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal not
Anyway who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank, but those awesome patriot dudes intercepted
Boo
Kaboos
As you know the insane who's saying gosh can I turn an original phrase or what yes poison gas but as I squat over Baghdad
That's not so late
I'll give him a gas of my own hot air out of both ends
Oh
Hussein today said
You might know the secret weapon the Americans have the 40 foot colossal news anchor with the chopped lips squatting over my country with a smelly gas
My troops are all fleeing but for me I ran but I couldn't hide
Well, that's all the time we have for today party on sale party on Rick. I'll sit in squats. Are you worried? Not
Rick over our rack for Channel 7 news
Okay 1151
W.I.D. hadn't heard that in a long time you know that rick sanchez stuff it just delivers forever
It never dies out because he still is what he always has been we have an open line in dates
7519 463 see I get tired of people not just in this business, but in general
Suck it around with everybody, you know mr. Gladhand
I'm not saying that you necessarily have to rip people, but why do they just kiss each?
On the starline
Well, I'm not in Delray
More on them all the way up to West Palm well congratulations
I have so many things to say to you that I don't even know where to go. Well, you got a lot of time
Just take your time
You might want to cut this off because I don't know if you're still selling snapple. Yes
Well, I want you to know that because of you
I was in the convenience store and it was a hot day and I bought one of those cranberry ice tea you were rating about yeah
And now on the dictus great. I love it. Well, that's good
And I think you see the impact I have on this audience. I sure hope our sales department is listening back there
Oh, I hope so too and then about the
All over this state tremble at the sound of my voice
Especially up in a front office
We get read exactly well. We got plenty of cases around this joint cases of snapple. I know about the other case right
Secondly, I think you've inspired me to remind the audience of something very important that we should do for quarter hour maintenance
It's a Jupiter go ahead. Okay, uh, you finally hit the nail on the head with there's no place to go and there's no place to hide
And if you want a live in day county you either accept it or you go back to wherever was most of the people here came from
Yeah, somewhere else
Well, I know I get oh there's Madonna like a virgin where right on MTV? Oh, she's such a jerk. She is
She's a great business woman. I give her that but aside from that all this other about her intellectual honesty
And that's a bunch of crap. She just peddling whatever she can make a buck on. Okay, that's all it's all about
That's absolutely right. There's nothing wrong with that
But don't try to pretend that it's something other than what it is that guy was pathetic
The other thing I want to ask about at the risk of you calling me a dumb rod
um
I tried to remember remember the guy that called you up about the Minnesota North Stars
The $75 bad yeah, the guy that called us about 400 times about that right. Oh, I
Didn't hear him for at least at least if they win no
They lost yes, man, they got
Very very and they were almost one well almost don't cut except in portions
Because of the $3,000 no, I wasn't rooting for him because you got to be a chronic pest
Well, see I'm
Worse during the day and when I'm on appointments and I'm in with a client. I can't have my radio
He'll develop a little humility now. Oh, maybe will
Yeah, you're a bit well. That's what they say
The other thing all of a say there were four things oh
um
I just want to remind the audience that when you talk about all of the people down here
Madonna's got three things. She's got her hand on one of them right now. Now what is it pay attention?
I'm listening
I can handle it when you talk about the people down here negatively. Yes. I just wanted to remind your audience that
75 to 80% of all the people down here came from somewhere else
Well, what does that prove it doesn't make any difference? I mean, you know, this is still reality
This is what we are no matter where they all came from. This is what we got
But they're not natives. So what does that mean? They're plenty there are plenty of natives who are much a Yahoo
Hillbilly redneck douchebags too. Okay, don't don't come on like all the natives are such great people some are
Like any other group of people some of more and some of mate
Well, the ones who've been here for as long as I've been here used to be real friendly and used to be a great town. Oh, I'm sorry. No question about
I still think it's the greatest place
Well, you're entitled to that opinion and the guy thought Madonna was the greatest thing too. So
What goes around comes around? Well, that's true. That's true. I have to give you
That's good. Well have a great time
I'm going to and I'm almost out of range anyway and love to listen to your show
Thanks, have a good one. You always put a smile on my face. Well, thank god for that
Hi, I'm Elaine Etor for South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D
Presents the deal Roger
Shucks in talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in Broward. It's 524 W I O D
Palm Beach 655 W I O D and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star I O D
The opinions are alright kill that stupid open. I just want to tell Elaine that I love her nose. Okay. She's been taking more crap
including that big fat Richard just waddled out of here and I her nose looks fine. Don't you think so
George thinks your nose looks great and I do too it
Kill that stupid bastard. Well, yeah, with those long rejoins that go on and they know what station they're listening to even the van lady knows what station
It is I see how I put you at the top of the list because you're my neighbor
I know it's wonderful and a wonderful neighbor who puts all these gigantic signs up on her
I know I want to use tributes and put baseball up at my computers down. Oh, so I can't do it
But I don't want to get my hopes up
But anyway, what about those frogs? What are we going to do about those frogs? I know you do you hire one of the neighborhood boys
What they do I hire one of the neighborhood boys? I think that's a bad start to this conversation
All right, you don't mean like the one who lives next door to you do you?
Well, there's about three of them four of them over there. Yeah
One that drives the CRX or whatever that is never mind. I know what you're talking about
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Hey, listen, that's a great family there. Now that's an all-American family. They should have a TV show
Pattern after that family. I see out. Am I right? They are the family
They're the definitive. There's something in that family. For they're all doing cars in the driveway there
That's the definitive American down-home family. They're great people
But you get someone rather than a neighborhood boy then yeah, and you a neighborhood old man
No, no at night you get this kid to put on gloves and go out with a flashlight in the bag
You freeze the frogs in the light of the flashlight pick them up put them in the bag and then dump them in a field
No, freeze was the operative word you put them in a bag put them in a freezer
And you sell them for frogs legs
Well, there you go if you want to do that, but you can't you freeze them with a light
Because I hear those are pretty valuable. That's what I've been told
Toad
also
You know what about the size of our mosquitoes in our neighborhood this year hey listen quick complain
Oh, no listen, have you caught any you live in the Everglades? I understand
But this is my second year in that house and last year they were they were bad
But this year that the size of moths I haven't seen a mosquito like that
This is bad this year, but you know what last insect I saw that big was mark hybnic from our sales department
If you go out have to go out in the evening now listen to me because I bet Rick didn't tell you that the VM lady was also an Ava on lady
No, but I am so if you need skin cells I'll put a note my mail. Oh, great
But listen if you go out in the evening and you have to be out by the way Rick is our mailman for the benefit of the audience and who comes the
Boogie board spot. I'm sorry
You use the same spray on yourself to skin cells off keeps mosquitoes away. Oh really?
I hate I'm telling you I get a mosquito in the house at night when I go to bed
I will not go maybe they sound childish, but I don't want to wake up like a big welt in the morning
Okay, and I turn at light on and the dogs are helpful because they like look around and they the big dog
He catches him in his mouth. I've never seen anything like it in my life
And I'll finally sooner or later they get on the ceiling the mosquitoes
I mean sooner or later they got to land somewhere and when you see him there and the for you get the spray first of all
And you spray and you douse him with about 20 gallons of that stuff because they've developed this
immunity to it and then you just swat him and you know and then then I'll go to bed
But if I hear him buzzing around man, that's it for me. I got to get I will not rest until I kill the sucker
Okay, but if you have to go outside you can put that skin cells sprayed on your arms and legs
I use it all the time at the boy. All right, so we do we get the guy from the house over there with the CRX
We get him with the gloves on outside my house at night. Yeah, that's Chad
Chad's is that his name? Oh
He hides every time I drive by there. He like rolls down behind a current high. Hey
No, it's just because you're on the roof waving
It's just a joke
But and they go out with the gloves and they grab the frog with a spotlight on them
They won't jump and you put them in a bag. You know the see the more
They're in my front yard much more than the back they're in front all over the place
And I never really felt that they were the bullfold things because they've been there ever since I've been there millions of them
And my dogs never had a problem
But I don't know what they do go out back. That's the point and all of a sudden last
night evidently one got in the backyard
Well one's not too bad, you know
Well, yeah, but I mean where there's one there's more it's like mosquitoes when there's one buzzing around
You've got to it's like when you look on your dogs back to get fleas and you find one you know
There's a hundred when you find one yeah, we'll just grab the one frog and talk to them over the fence
Over the fence so we can come back underneath that thing
Oh, I don't want to talk about the fence that's um, I know
See now now that we got that lake that develops every time it rains hard now
It's the perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes and attracting the frogs
It's just perfect. I think I'd assume the city of plantation. Oh, I wish you would they just made me hook up order
Oh, boy, how did you make out with your dish by the way? Do you ever put it up or is it still sit?
We're getting there. We had to fix up a car for a car
Because I finally got my permit which after like 75 years
I finally satisfied them with all their requirements and got my dish for you. Do I have to get a permit?
Are you are you serious? We were gonna hide it
No, you can't hide it you got to get a permit
Oh, well, who did you buy it from you bought it from a dealer?
from a bar
Like I said just uh when nobody nobody's looking put it up
They won't see it because it's blocked. I won't tell them. I know you won't okay
And exchange for that 57 Chevy you got sitting under that the hot out there. I'll keep my mouth shut
Oh, I got my Chevy and the hot and I got an AMX and a Mustang and the girl
I love that 57 Chevy boy. Was that a bell air?
Uh, is that the fancy model? Yeah, yes. No, I love that
I gotta get it running my header to eat up my starter and I can't get it going but other than that it runs
Your headers eat up your starter while we don't want to get into that
All right, you know listen say hi to Chaz for me and Chad Chad
And if you need skin, so so leave me a note. Okay. See you. Bye. Bye. It's one of my wonderful neighbors
I do have nice neighbors. Okay, which is one thing about plantation acres
Even in Latin Lousy people are nice and the nice ones are really nice like her
Say those people are assholes
Oh
Hey there rodent lovers marches all you can eat weasel month at red hamster
With three tasty new rodent flatters there's deep fried field mice peel and eat muskrat and of course our world famous
hamster melts
I can't make a double cheese weasel please and uh
Hold her and our platters are always fresh not like those other rodent places
Because we keep them spilling on the wheel right up until they hit the fan
Try our tasty roadside pizza fresh from the highway to your table in minutes
It's good and don't forget dessert
Yeah
Red hamster on main street across from jibblekay
Okay, it's 12 16 let's get the show and gear Richard
So sides are just telling me about the great night. They had last night at the algal steens house
We'll probably hear at least an hour about that this afternoon. I look with great
Well, I'm trying to think of the appropriate I had one but it would have been too too severe
I look a skew
A scans at those people who like hang out with big celebrities that come on here and talk about it like we were at algal
Sound just like mr. ego don't talk about it on the air. I'm glad he had a good time, but don't discuss it on the air
tacky oh
We were over at the mayor's house last night. It was just a gradable
And what other thing in terms of butching up?
I want you guys to go into that meeting and tell mr. hot shot in there. I don't mean ask him tell him
That if he's gonna put the monkey on your back about giving all these stupid
Colliders and slogans and logos and crap 55 times a minute
That all that's gonna do is recycle the same audience everybody listening right now knows they're listening to six 10
W I O D your news whether traffic pain in the ass station they know that
Let's get some outside promotion let those people who don't know that we're here know there's something going on
I want you to go in there and tell them that right now
Slip him around a head a couple of times real hard say you know
Goldstein is gonna be the future sheriff and brown and since boy gary lives in brown at least temporarily till he goes back to Louisville
Threaten his ass with it
Say that I was got some big 600 pound gorilla guys up there gonna beat the crap out of me don't stop braw beating you guys
And if he don't like it let him come to me, okay
Look at about the 21st of June
Kendall yeah, hello, yeah, don't you agree with that sir? Don't you think today is the day for everybody to put you up a little bit
Enough of the suck right listen, I got a major pig report
Uh over there in the Kendall the dayland
Metro real station yeah four cruisers Metro day cruisers
Uh one mounted one mounted what is it called the mounting the guy in the horse?
Mounties yeah
No, they wanted they were arresting six kids. What does that termings cool? What does that term really mean mounted police?
You ever thought about that? Yeah, I wondered about that. I'm going they were arresting six they were busting six punk kids for skipping school
Wow
Thank God we're safe for another day sir. We can now breathe easy
Hey about this collar there was just a madada thing we just fend off those bufo toads. She's a scud exactly. I don't think she could make it in porno
No, you're right. She got it. Who would you rather hop in a sack with her or bambi woods?
Is it a contest?
I mean get serious and poor bambi she probably can't get arrested these days or is
She's in it for the money. That's it. Right. That's it. Right pure and simple
Which I'm not which I'm not knocking that but he's trying to attack me because I don't respect her for honesty
She can't be an honest. She's just exploiting every bleeding every buck. She can't out of a very naive desperate
You bet she's exploiting suckers like him desperate guys like him and she's a dog
Right listen, I want to call the a date mosquito control division a bunch of major douchebags and the same forbroward
These people knew that this was going to come down and they did they're waiting now to spray
Right is it more too late?
There is biggest bowling balls in my yard
You know that's just uh well, that's that's the state of
In fact as a matter of fact I called one last night drill three holes and it took down to a downcarter lanes and bull to 227. It wasn't bad
Okay, I just wanted to give you that on the on the metro date. I thought it was a little ridiculous excellent job sir
Okay, have a good day. Okay. Well look out for those mounted police
You never know what they're carrying
We have an open line of date counties 7519463
751 I got this for when I start enjoying the show then you know we're all in trouble Palm Beach Gardens
He said and there was this long
pregnant silence of the end of the phone like there's nobody there
But there is
Palm Beach
You can hear somebody like clicking their thing around hello
You want to go back on hold and think about it for a while?
Oh, it's fouled during a break. Okay, 655 W. I. O. D. in Palm Beach North Miami on a broward line
Yeah, another big report. Neil North Miami Beach pigs if they uh got off 178th Street, northeast 10th Avenue
Robbers wouldn't stole that lady's termites
What so you know the lady that says her house was robbed. Yeah, they took the termites. Uh-huh
Anyway, listen, what do you think about this baseball? What do you mean? What do I think about it? It's the greatest thing since they took the mosquitoes out of my closet
Except did you see today where can Seiko said he'd like to come back? Oh, yeah
He wants to come back Alex Fernandez is the one. He keeps his mouth shut and he just goes up there and tries to win a game
Which he's not doing too well, but at least he's got some class
Yeah, the other day had a great ride about as much class as Madonna's armpits
Maybe that's why they're a match made for each made for each other
Had a radio accident the other day uh ran into uh the light bulb. Yeah
And I called up on the star line over there and they said they're all excited about their new format
And they said we're gonna kick Neil's ass. Well, you know, yeah, I said yeah, right. They're doing it
You and Jerry Wichner they're busy kicking their own ass. I'll tell you that they are terminal all the retreads
We found the losers folks exactly have a great day. And closing. Yes
Like Webster get off your fat ass and get back to work. You big douchebag. Okay
I love my scotch
Yes, I want you to elect me
I'll grab your cross
Like a man is with Kennedy of my nephews accused
The bisexual of foul play my ex-wife's real drunk
Just across three lanes of the expressway
Well the cops would foster if anybody else
When I get a trouble, but I use my well
And I don't care about you anybody else. Oh no
I'm back to the bridge now senator. I'm ready to get to somebody say red
You're the one that keeps me in power
And even though I misuse my ties
I helped John Jr. he couldn't pass the bar
Is that again to neither can I
Well the cops would foster anybody else
When I get in trouble, but I use my well
Because I don't care about you anybody else. Oh no
Oh no, but no, no, no, no, hi there up the officer. It's good to see you again
Depth how was your family? Let me write you a personal jet right now that I appreciate that
It was a quiet deputy family weekend
Anyone see my hands?
I'll tell you another one. It gives me a real pain where I sit as a David Lee Roth. Oh god. Do I hate him?
Can't stand him now some of the van Halen music was great. Okay, but David Lee Roth by himself or like just period
Another legend in his own mind. God. He's just
Grotesque and obnoxious and arrogant and egotistical and rich
We have two open lines a day. It's something happened during that newsbreak man
They must have all gone out to a good lane it tour look like nose
We had every line lit on the board. We go to the news and there were like three lines lit
Now they're making a little bit of a comeback you people are just so full of it
I know you got nothing to do
We have two open lines in Broward 524 wiod that 610 wiod your news whether traffic and sports
Intensive station where we all hate each other like Poison and we're proud of it
Hollywood hey Neil how you doing? Hey, I have to agree with you on that van Halen with David Lee Roth
They were the best but by himself forget it David Lee Roth he needs to get a job
Yeah, mostly the thing with van Halen's I like listening to their music
But if you see the videos you have to see him and that just I can't deal with him
He's just such a jerk and then he did that thing Dave TV and he just thinks he's like the hottest stuff on earth
Yeah, like Rod Stewart, you know, do you think I'm sexy? That's like
That would be like what's your name?
Nilled up front ass singing do you think I'm sexy? Yeah music was really good, but his ego is incredible
He was worse than I think about it. George is on the floor on that one
Boy fat. Yes sexy forget it
Steve oh no
What was that? I was talking about ego and then popped out
Yeah, just kind of popped out huh? Well, I got one thing to say about that well screw Steve right hand cataboy
No, you know Neil I'm listening to you for about seven years. Yeah, I'm a big fan of yours
You're absolutely the best and no further fucking yeah, I just did that because I wanted you to play
I know it. I know it. I'm not letting you down. Yeah, absolutely not you never do. Yeah
No further fucking
Geez bad laughs sir you just lost 20 points on his call with that laugh that forced laugh now. What was it?
As far as promotion goes you can't complain about ours because we don't have any absolutely
You know I first found you by accident. I'm sure that's right. I was listening
I was waiting to listen to sports talk on w i o d and you were doing two
Two to six on wins at that time
And so there wasn't any of the six I was doing ten to two on wins
No, there was a time you were doing two to six on win wrong
I never did two to six on win stand major did two to six. I was doing ten to two way back way way way back
Well way way back I was doing eight to midnight on wins
I never did two to six now somehow I heard you and you were you were on right before sports talk came on
W I O D well, I may have been filling in one day or something, but I didn't do two to six well
That's how I caught you anyway in any case in any event. Yeah, right. That's how I got you and I've been listening every since
But in other words, you knew I was coming over here. Oh, yeah
Because there are thousands of neo-rodgers listeners who still don't know two and a half years later than I'm on
W i o d because the powers that be here are um
Then barris by oh well listen George Jim Hobbs from sales just walked down the hall with the cup coffee of a cup in his hand
Would you give him this cassette that I did special for someone of his brother-in-law or brother or somebody up?
Because I'm gonna forget to give it to him before I leave when he wasn't here this morning
Thank you George
Just George just runs around here. You didn't get payday thing you runs all over the building like a lackey and we feed him a little salad
And that's all he wants
Really where you going? I'm going to Santa Belmeans from friends are gonna take a road trip. Oh, that's pretty exciting
Well, you know, it's just a little get away just a little road trip
Listen you guys are just Santa Bel and
I love marauda
Sleepy time
But it's worth but you're right it is just getting out of here for a couple of days is always good though
You're right. It's you're right actually that's right. It's better than just hanging around here right and uh, you know
We'll spend a couple of nights and
Hang around Santa Belmeans kept you it's pretty nice. Have you ever been out there? Oh, yeah, it's real exciting
Like Sinesta Beach, you know meet some people and have a good time and relax and yeah
Hey, whatever happened to a pp pembera pie. Well, he's hanging out somewhere
Yeah, I never have as soon as they find out he'll be back on the phone
He'll be back. He see one thing about him. He calls sparingly
He leaves you wanting more. Okay. He's not one of these people are calls like every day like Bonnie from Kendall
God, I haven't heard him the last time I heard him when the bird was still there
Nah, come on. He calls every now and then when he's expected well, listen to her in closing
All right, now boy. Take it. See you
There's old deaf leopard on there. We're doing a little play by play on the uh, there's a little torture scene with deaf leopard on MTV for those of you are at work and can't see
As palm on a deadline
How is that possible sir? I'm gonna reverse the charges. That's why what do you mean you're gonna?
You want to stop it? Anyway, I was calling yesterday. It's a little late now sir. Yeah, just ask George
He'll send you a check in the next round. I'll call for my place anyways. Okay. That's good. That's a way to do it
Yeah, anyway, you're calling about the leak about baseball team the leak
Well, didn't a couple days before that did you read the article in newspaper a boo about
Style and hunting or purchasing that 12 story office building no
Well, when I read what is that noise on this phone? Do you hear that?
I had no idea. Oh, it stopped. Okay. Go ahead
Yeah, because they purchase a 12 story office building downtown. So I figured I've entered their Los Olas
Place and I know it didn't do that just to keep blockbuster and they needed that for the right then
I just store an old videotape up there
We got it sir. It's in we're in it's in the bag. I know
Anyway, I'm calling because
Did you hear the story about that song or touch myself? Did you hear the story behind that? No
What is that noise now? I'm hearing all this rattling. I mean, I know. No, it's that but before you touch that mic
Is somebody rattling your cage over there sir? Not here. Okay
What's the story anyway? I saw it in the inner. Oh, it's the shortness mic court
Can we get a new mic court in here? Maybe after two and a half years that doesn't have a shortness
So every time somebody moves around it clunks like some kind of a light bulb radio station
God almighty. You think we're asking for the moan here. Go ahead, sir
That's right. What up? Please? What up? Please
No, it's just frustrating because the you know, they think everything listen to that only have to was breathing the stamp thing now is clonking this
Mic cord's got a big shorten it
I'd listen to that
Go ahead. Oh, yeah
Are we set?
Why? All right, well, what I was telling me about is the story behind why they wrote that song and I touched myself
Because I can picture it happening down like a hollandale easily
Hold on a second hold on. Maybe it's on his end, but there is a shortness mic court. He's got a noise coming out of his end
Oh, that's what it was because it was too regular
I think there's a short it's it's the the jack is coming to lose. Oh, geez. Yeah, kind of droops when it was at the bottom
It's big enough. Yeah, okay. Now. What were you saying? I was saying it. I can easily picture just the happening
I counted hollandale what happened with this head was they were sitting at a
Place is talking about the shows and stuff and they look next to you got an annoying thing on your end, sir
You're something loose. There's something loose on your end. How about home? I'll change to a portable phone
No, that's okay. We kind of getting used to it now. Okay. Go ahead. We're just hanging there
There was these five old bats like eavesdropping on them and she picked it up and she said well
She's gonna start making up a story about like the lyrics so they have some funny to tell their nursing home people
And they said like they're like stretching out trying to hear what they're stretching one out their head. They're trying to eavesdropping stretching out their heads
They were eavesdropping trying to find out what the symees twins said on
John Rivers yesterday about two heads are better go ahead. I'm sorry. That's all right
So anyway when they let where the hell is that card when they left the oh my god look at that somebody stuck it way back up there
Do you know as they can never go any place without a tie
Okay, now we can continue yeah
Currie it up because this this phonyers is driving me nuts. I'm starting to get saying vitus dance just from listening to it
Yeah, I don't know what's wrong because I know what's the story they were doing this and doing that and what happened
Well, when they left the thing they were laughing about how they made up that whole story so these old people could
Could hear and they said well why don't we write a song about it and that's why they wrote the song will I be damned
That's what they said okay, well, I'll tell you sure was worth putting up with all that noise to hear that story
Have a great day sir. Don't call us ever again. Now. What is it? Oh?
I just came in to say hi and clear up any questions that you may have about some things that are going on
I freaking pontificating this morning and
I'll say to say feel much better now. Well that happened to me because of that constant banging on that phone
My innards were like clopped around from here in that same here god was getting seasick there for a while
Do we have to hear about your knighted algal goldstein's house? I don't want to hear a name dropping
I just know it's so excited that I was like going someplace
expression name dropping I just if I just have this a version
There's only one person in the market that I know that's always doing this on a year and it's not you
And I just can't read just oh
I did it once I was a glass back to all of the other person that it is no longer here
I don't want to mention Alex's name because my teeth are still all for real in my mouth. What's left them?
But I just don't care that you went to algal goldstein's house
Is it going to the trial? He's how I didn't need to his house many times. I know the answer is always the same. I'm
busy busy you win nothing, but forget it
I mean I like it. I don't know all of that. See there are some people they bring their guests on yeah
Not you I don't want to mention mr. Ego and every guest becomes a personal friend right and all we're going to go to Burton Jackson have dinner with this one
I mean you know
You know fitler is here today. We're going to go have a little dinner with Burton jack got it myth
I mean it's just hold it's old it gets really old okay. I just did not interested you know come watch me eat kind of business
Come watch this party in our house and see what we do with the pig and that stuff well the pig don't have the pig anymore
No, I wanted to see what they did with it. Yeah, I bet well he's probably got some old films around had his subtle dog in a dress last night
Did he really yeah, mm-hmm and he just said you're saying I come here. I want to rip that off
He's not that skinny yet
I've seen the dog
It's uh, it was a how much weight is he lost now about 50 pounds 60 so wow yeah, he's doing it. I still had a boy out. Keep it up, baby
And the weight loss too. Okay now you're doing these he is he's got a real problem though as far as
He can't quit ordering out if he's like got catalogitis
He's got stereo standing next to stereo suds was in heaven
suds thought when I die I want to go here. I'm serious
TVs on top of TVs everything on see when you have that much money
You just have to find somewhere to spend it exactly too much money
If you send some over here in a big paper sack. Yeah, we could take it off his hands and solve the problem for him
Amen. All right now speaking of all the money you guys are making with all these tremendous things you're doing yeah
Uh, I got the drift yesterday. I couldn't be wrong, but I got the distinct impression
That the sales department once again. I don't want to put words in anybody's mouth, but again
Manipulated manipulated and his voice over upon you things that you knew nothing about and there were like kind of a last minute
What the hell are we doing deal? I don't I don't want to put it in those terms, but I think I just said well
We are the saviors of the station when we just put it out. Well, what does it mean now?
Why are you going to be at Atlantis this Friday doing the show from two to six?
Because we won't be here
No, that's not an answer. I know I know. I know for them. Why are you going to be there? I what is the scam? What's the reason they're open and
Detail they are. Yeah, and it's a neat place
And what are you going to be doing there? Uh the same thing we're doing here. Okay next question on Saturday
I see at the except looking at a lot and I pretty jealous about this
Atlantis, you know, I can give her take it depends on who's going down the slide on a shoe department with this
That's what I'm really upset about
Because they don't they don't offer me no shoes stores
You know, I get to sit out in the hallway a couple of Ridge mall
And you guys get to go to bird eyes in the men's shoe department in day land from 11 to two you bet
Do a yard or what are you going to be doing there shoes try them on sniffing around help the exactly
Ha ha ha ha
Tip towing through the tulips
God pretty much
What are you going to be doing there? We have people who listen down there who buy shoes
So we figure this would be a good place to meet them
Okay, all right, and then of course we got the ball game next Friday, but that's kind of too pedestrian
I mean we know what we're going to be doing there. Yeah, and we're going to be out there with you and I'll say you said
Waiter and how goldstein will be there a week from Friday. How do you like that? That should be how to deal with him
He had like stacks of tickets to the June 6th deal as he
June 6th what deal the game the miracle game there. I mean stacks of them like he's a ticket vendor
I know I know I'm like he made his money some you know do something that's where he's getting the stereo
And it sure wasn't him in glory a letter in that porn movie. I'll tell you that nobody bought that
Did you ever see that? No, oh believe me. You don't want to want a full stomach listen
I saw screw magazine and I thought I got to go to this guy's house
I don't want to hear anymore about how you went to his house. That's all I don't care
I
Want to go to your house. No, I know you won't invite me for what because I want to go for what I want to come over watch
I have a very pedestrian house. I have a very simple house. So does he?
I used to have a collatial house in Jack Oran. It was like a palace. Yeah
And it was just cost it was just ridiculous. I don't have a $75,000 watch like out goldstein. You believe that thing
Tells the year on it because your father told me his matter of fact
I'm the sales department keeps up with their present trend
I'm gonna be living in a quonset hut in Miami. Lakes pretty soon. Well say hi to me. I'll be your neighbor right next to the technical school
But I want to go to your house you won't have it invited me over for a game
You know something see the audience is gonna take this for real
I invite you guys to go to pop it over the track and it's not your house. No listen
People don't keep inviting people repeatedly for things if they just if they give like a
An insincere response, okay? It's like Chuck. I said it chucked a couple of weeks ago
We got because he was saying I'd like to go to Calder some Sunday
Well, I said well, we go out there some Sunday. Okay, great. Okay fat rich will go chuck me you guys come out
Oh, I see you won't go anywhere where you spend any money because your cheap scale let's go
Where Sunday where I don't know where we called her is that where you're going? I wasn't going anywhere
See you missed construe having it like a date on the calendar something else is being sincere
I'm not making a date with you okay, but no, well, I just had something else to do when you asked me before I wasn't
Insincere well, that's what chucked it, but he gave like the next 36 Sundays
Well, you didn't offer us that option. Oh get out of here. You're so full of crap. No, I would like to go out of the
Right now I've got all the time the world open out except for quarter horses. You don't want to see that well
Then let's invite me over for a cubs game. I want to see your satellite dish. I want to see all the stuff you can get
I've never seen a dish and then what?
There's just
Oh, okay, then I promise
Real fast. See, I don't have a
Frightening so I don't have that Ferrari sitting in the thing anymore like the good old
I wanted to see that see that poor that sitting over in front of Dave's house. Well, all the things I want to see you keep getting rid of
I'm getting the hit. Well, that's the reason
In fact, anybody want to buy a dish keep
135 at W.I.O.D. I will continue the recap of today's ding dong school right after this
What can't we do because I never get to hear any of this because they won't speak to me
Thank goodness because they're not allowed to speak to me
Well actually today was kind of disappointing everything was all right just discussed
Atlantis and
Deadland more to discuss if you don't know what you're doing there. That's why it was a short meeting. Okay
Other than that, you know, it says and we hear about any future hopes for outside promotion like
TV spawn or billboards or newspaper. Why was it always a short meeting when that comes up? Okay. Hi, Alia
Hello, yes, sir
My god, I can't believe it
believe it
You know you foiled my plan majorly. This is Alba from Surcider eyes and ears from the swap shop
And see my girlfriend was down in coconut grove my eyes and ears from the swap shop. Oh, yeah
We have high-fight corner stereo shop upstairs. Oh, I got you. Well be more specific if you're gonna
Give yourself a plug don't beat around a bushop or just come right out and blurt it out. Oh, there we go
Blur it out
See you foiled my plan because my girlfriend was in the coconut grove and I'm sitting in front of her house waiting for her
And I know sitting in front of her house like on the ground under the tree. How romantic
No in my car
It's the air condition and everything my car started over. He knows but I wasn't gonna hang up the phone because I've been trying to get a hold of you
So anyway, I knew she'd be listening to you because you know, she's gonna turn me on to you
That's unusual. She's the other way around. Yeah, yeah, I know but she did it to me this time and anyway
I wanted to tell her you know that I was listening and then I missed her and her to haul ass and get home and all that but
Anyway, you got to go check out the new dog show act at the swap shop
They're like kind of mixing the aromas now. You got a mixture of the elephant
Fantastic and they mixed the sawdust with the a little like two parts elephant one part dog
Yeah, you got about 20 little poodles yapping all day long and it does wonders to your nerves
20 little poodles crap it all day long. Oh, yeah, absolutely excellent and any elephants walk around and my favorite
Those when the guy comes out with a broom and sweeps it all up in the sawdust to get up in the air like into your lungs
That's the best I just go nuts over that
So as if to you know the drop in from the elephant wasn't enough now they got the dog stuff to worry about too
But anyway, so it smells real nice in there
And I'm stuck through like four shows a day for Friday Saturday and Sunday
Well, that's what this town is all about
Absolutely. That's what it's all that's where it's at
In fact, we got the swap shop spot coming up in the next break. It's appropriate that you kind of like segwayed into it in a few minutes later
Yeah, they had that caller before talking about Santa
Yeah, that's a sleepy town my job. Oh, that's really exciting
I have a lot of friends. I know that every time they get a couple of days off or want to get away from the weekend we go to
Santa Bel or
What's the other Marco Island? Oh, they kept you know kept you but there's another boring terminal boring. It was great
boring. It's nice to be bored once in a while
boring
So that's a boring sport too. I can't handle that. I like to go scuba diving
Take the fish that I want and spear on well. That's what he'd like to do too. Yeah, there you go
But the fish are on land right?
Albert have a nice day. All right. See you
That's I guess what too much of that a romable doodium. Well, Cheryl looks really psychotic today. I guess Adam turned her down
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on six ten W I O D you missed this
Is the bird yeah, bird how you doing? Okay?
Listen do me a favor play anything because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a douchebag
Do what do you mean? If ever play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh god
You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you
You're not just to tell you not to say anything just play something
Oh god can't stand it. Well then why are you listening?
Something already. Why won't you answer me?
Get stand up. You won't see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello
Well, I don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk stupid stupid stupid idiotic jerk
Did you see one of the movies body chemistry?
No, no and the other one was overexposed was that it?
You see murder in a high place has anybody seen any movie that's on this I don't get it. I just don't get it
I tried to be conversational with these people
They always come up with these movies that nobody ever heard of and I mentioned a movie that's like a recent movie
It's on all the cable services and it's like what what is that?
What is wrong with these people? Do you see murder in high places? No, what's that? That was the movie
I was on Colorado
Boy these cigars are just killing me. They're tearing up. I was at papaya by the way. I don't see eat much
If I see a cut and slicing and cutting but not eating sunny said to say hi. Oh
What up he wants to know now if you want that salad salad on Tuesday
Because he knows you're going to mommy's you tell him to send it over here every day
What I told the worst that can happen is the Brooklyn Bridge said the worst that can happen on WKPX
Is that we give it to somebody else exactly and they're happy. Yeah
And since he already lied through his teeth and said that he'd give one for everybody in a building practically
We know that's a bunch of crap because today I wasn't here on remote
They took the one back that they had sent over here for me because I wasn't here. So we know it's full of crap
Just I don't why is it kind of be such a big deal and you know why it has to be such a big deal because that way it's all this publicity
See I don't want to give him publicity because then dennenberg and boy garyney all the rest get upset
I mentioned every day. Thanks for the salad sunny. It's great
That's it. Like flora's we don't give them go through a big
soap opera about them when they send food were great were grateful
It's great. We thank them and that's it
Exactly and they don't expect anything else because they're not paying for it and he's not either
So he should kiss the ground that a major superstar of my stature is willing to eat his crappy food and talk about it for a second or two
And believe me what he's saying here today. I wouldn't feed my dog even after the toad
Weak very weak just not up to his usual standards at all
Like a bunch of that shredded carrot. I don't want shredded carrot
That's gross. It's like something eat on Purim or something. I don't want that
Shredded carrot doesn't stay too crisp too long
That and it's just not a question of how it's crisp when it comes out of
Ain't crisp. I know that but that's not the point
I don't have my lunch or pre-cooked
It just isn't good. It's just a crap
I said to him. I said some of the corny's got great corn no corn today nice big slice of idalia onion not not in there
So in other words he's getting evil with me all the stuff
I said I like to accept there were three like stale plantains in there little slices right?
I was saying today
Well, he's must have been from my stweaker else from the swap shop now
See I'm coming in eight o'clock on Monday morning, which means I'm gonna have to get up about five o'clock and drive through
horrendous traffic to get here, but it'll be worth it to me
To meet with these sales clowns back there say hi for us. We are and you know see if it was just
me that I'd say oh cam a pain in the ass and I'm a hard ass, but I know just about everybody in a building shares the same frustration
They haven't got any idea what they're doing back there none
Zero and like I said yesterday and I stand by the statement more money falls through the cracks in this building in a week
Then most people make in a lifetime and I believe that it's just it's amazing. It's astonishing
And then they go out of shunning around together like at the fight last night
I got a spy report getting plowed and badmouthing all of us me especially and uh, you know, it's we're not it's not a contest here
In other words, it's not optional. We're it. We're the station. We're on here. Reneere us. Thank you. Whatever
That's what they got to sell
If we're not here, they got monofony records. It can bring back sandy patent. I mean basically that's it
So it's not like it's optional whether they like us or not. That's their job
And do it or get the hell out makes sense to me exactly
So
Anyway have a good time in the shoe department
It's 151
If the food fits where it that's what Johnny dark said
Now which one of these should I take oh now is that a collect call on eight
That can't be for real. There's no way. Are you sure there is no way? Wait till you see where this call is from
Hello, hey, are you for real?
This is a call from eintree, Georgia
I know you've been way past what Reynolds doing. How's Ned Bayney doing up there in the woods? Hey
That's just that was just a story you know that Neil
So how you doing down there? Hey you wouldn't not believe it, but we pick you up right all the way up here 800 miles away
No, no way. We're big in eintree
The highest mountains
I can't believe it we do we pick you up don't let John void here about it
Okay, no, it's not only wouldn't a certain certain time yeah only certain times like between ten and two are you cereal
Is that you can pick us up up there in eintree a tree they still are they still dragging bodies out of that creek out of that thing
Well, you know, that was a movie deliverance and uh
They kind of nicknamed this community. It was only about five families up here
Uh after the movie, you know, it kind of name kind of stuck. Yeah kind of stuck up there in the woods to a kind of stuck
Hey, you know it
So what do you guys do up there just kind of sit up in the woods and drink wood alcohol and have to play you
One of the radio stations down here
Are up here and uh, what do you mean one of the radio stations? What does that mean one of how many radio stations they got in eintree?
But
90% of the time they're
Is the boogie boards coming off general commencement notices. Oh, yeah, that ought to be pretty 90% of the time. Yeah
Well, I'll be damned
Yeah, I'll give Ned Betty a big kiss for you. Stay again. I say a nice hearing from a tree. It's our first call ever
I think
Can touch her okay if you can make ends meet
Okay, good luck to pal. Hey you two hang in there. Wow. Are we big or what?
This show is like spreading out like a gigantic disease on your radio down getting a call from aintree
boy
Ned Betty would have heard that he couldn't sit down for a week just here in the call
for a lot of Dale
Hello, do you think we could have Ned Betty doing the pig reports?
Yes, sir. Hello. How you doing good now? I hope everybody here saw deliverance. I mean, that's
They're looking at me like what what is that? Go ahead sir
I'm mad as hell and wish I didn't have to take it anymore. Howard be old junior. That's right. I just got back from
Getting my driver's license renewed. Yeah, I go up to this place. First of all, I charge did you did you bring your green card? I did
That's and the first thing they did was they wanted to charge five dollars extra for a motorcycle endorsement
You know just just five bucks because they needed the money. What do you mean like you're doing
Suzuki spots now or something?
No, no motorcycle endorsement for a motorcycle license. Oh, I see put on the license. I got
Then get up there and take the whole deal and then they said okay, this you're here your license and it's good for four years
And the guy next to me is license was good for six years. Yeah, but you got a ticket. I made a U-turn in 1989
Sir, I have the same thing. I got caught on radar
I have one ticket in the last like six to six years or something like that and she give me a four-year license because I have a ticket on my right
The whole thing is ridiculous and I said honey take this license and sit on it and do a perpendicular
Facelifts and whatever else and she just looked at me and say get there all out of here and don't ever come back
You got to go back in four years and pay another 20 bucks. That's right
Another ripoff sir. It's another great Florida ripoff
And in the meantime air vehicle alien who just came in on a rubber raft is driving a 57 Chevy up this game boulevard four miles an hour
With the wheels falling off in free gas exactly
And expending a lot too. Well, that's all I had to say. I'm mad at Hill and I wish I didn't have to take it any more
Good luck to you pal. All right get used to it
155 at WIO damn going to go home and kill frogs with ammonia all day
That's some good all day and all night. I'm just gonna hang out outside kill frogs all day all night
Just spray them
Gotcha
Boy and here I've been friendly to those suckers all this time
You know they hop around a front door you come home at night
And you just let them kind of like hop over your foot and give a little kick and get out of here
You know get out of my way and you go in the house and forget about them not anymore
No more rister nice guy
The only good frog is a dead frog. I wonder how much those total legs would be worth
I got a good idea
Well bring him in here and saute him and a little olive oil downstairs and pass him off of the staff his frogs legs
I'll never know the difference
Can you see him all running around here foaming at the mouth
Let's feed little to programming to middle and upper level management. All of who would know the difference
They're always foaming at the mouth anyway north day. Hey. How you doing? Okay
You're the boy from Randall thrill hill got taken off the field today during practice
With the dolphins meaning what what do you mean got taken off the field well?
I evidently injured himself what a shame and
He's no longer
Gonna be practicing for the rest of what he do injure himself doing like a
He got tangled up with some other other who is gyrating under the well post got his leg caught on the goal post gyro
I thought like that and
I don't like frogs either or sushi. Okay. Have a good leg and you too
Maniac 157 at W.I.O.D. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hi Neil. Hi
Hello first time caller fantastic and I was wondering when you got off work if you can go down the street and kill the frogs or toads in my yard
No, I think I'm gonna be busy in my yard for a long time
You know that till I get my toe killing license. I don't think I can do it outside of my house after you got your satellite permit
Mm-hmm. Yeah, when you're in plantation you got to get a toe killing permit too. That's $600
For toad my figure it's since one of our other neighbors called I would call to I'm a neighbor of yours too
Are you really yeah the other satellite fish on the street or really yeah, but you got a permit right?
This one no we put it in without a permit then we want got
That's what I always do. That's fun. Yeah
Because then you can still watch it all the while that they're finagling and haggling
You don't have to worry about waiting until they come and kiss you on the ring
A real pain in the butt
So how's Chad doing over there across the street? I don't know there's I
We're gonna move out of there. Why?
You don't like our neighbors. I like the neighbors. Oh those are great that family is like just great
They got like 600 cars and they're always out there working on a car is running around naked
That's a great family. They're like all-american. They're a hard working down to earth
Home-spon great folks. They really are you think they'd work on our cars? I doubt it
Maybe for the and then right next to you um
They're also in other place where they work on cars if your house is the one I think it is on a corner with the empty lots on either side
With empty lots on either side. Yeah, I'm on the other side of the street. You're talking
Someone else now. I'm talking on the other side of my street on the end of the corner. I live across the street from them
Oh, I see okay now I got you
Odysseus hidden. Well, that's good. That's a way to do it when in doubt hide it out. That's right
Okay, well listen if I get done in time I'll come over and spray her for you for you. Sounds great
See you. Thanks Neil. Boy get what is it? Can I come over to your house and watch your satellite TV? No
What the hell was that all about oh he's lonely. I don't know what his story is he's just got no life
I don't want him over my house watching anything. Okay. Oh, sorry Rick
Can I bring a coke and put it in your freezer or maybe some vanilla ice cream and I'm trying to live up to my images or hermit
Okay, I'm just locking the door and let nobody in
Just locking the dogs out too. They're on their own now. They run into some bad stuff in the in the backyard. That's their problem
They sure dropped enough of their own back there
Oh
Again, but that's what do you expect for this price pay phone challenge the highlight this afternoon they had a big
