They do that. So I get his phone number I call him at home and his wife answers and I take the credit cards over to their house and I'll ask you
Well my husband isn't home but he's just like to call you and you know and I at home so I give him my home phone number.
So he called me last night and said, do you really appreciate me bringing back all those credit cards? I mean you named the card he had.
Yeah and he said, I really appreciate him to see an honest person around and that was it and he says God would take care of me.
Which is a real dilemma because I'm not a real believer. So all I can say is Mr. Rufuson from Penbroke Kines. Thanks a lot.
Yeah and I'm pure as. Exactly. You could add a hell of a shopping spree at the bride mall sir. You could add a hell of a great time.
He didn't even know he lost him in stolen and you know why do you know what they say he works in mysterious ways pal.
And instead of saying you know I mean least offer and say hey look I'd like to give you a few bucks you know and let me say no you know.
But that's the way it is.
Great story sir the moral of the story is cheap. Honesty doesn't pay. That's right. Thank you.
Thank you. Good luck. 1027 at W.I.D. All of Broward lines are wide open. Is there something going on up there?
They have another James Brown festival and Broward today that we don't know about 524 9463. That's okay. We can do without you.
I mean it's just you know nothing personal. Here's a pay phone in Miami.
They are you doing okay. You know I just want to tell you you're absolutely right about all these people down here.
Yeah. A bunch of douche bags. I had a guy ask me for directions the other day he had to be about.
Good call. 10.20.
Wow. Oh I know what else I got to do here first before we get back to your mediocre response.
I want to thank who the hell do I want to thank the dermatologics for veterinary medicine in Miami DMV DVM whatever the LAR.
And they sent me a bunch of stuff for my dog for my golden retriever some Durham caps and some special shampoo some C.B.O.
Whatever the hell it is C.B.O. Light. That sounds like something you drink. Doesn't that?
Sounds like something Henry would like to drink. But anyway thank you profusely and I hope it works okay because he's driving me nuts scratch and an itching to go and crazy.
Fort Pierce. Nail. Yes sir. I saw something on TV last night. I had to tell you about that.
I bet you nobody in this audience saw guilty by suspicion yet and that's why it's going to be grim and brown.
Because the only people who watched it are people over the age of a hundred and they don't listen to the show.
I want to know what? I want if there's any connection between that the fact that young people are not interested in that kind of movie and the fact that they come to stuff that's happening again.
Not exactly my car. You get close right right could be.
I'll get her heads buried in the sand with their teenage ninja mutant slimbals.
That's our 80,000 Canadians pay to see the most boring sport in the world and we can't fill up a arena for something.
We were watching curling.
Oh wait. I can't stand it. I can't I just can't believe it. Have you always wondered why the Canadians are like a little silly a silly.
I mean the British of course you got to understand that English speaking Canadians are of course recent escapees from the from the crown crown.
The crown. Throne. So whatever it is and they're like the British of course are the silliest people on the face of the earth.
They always have been but the Canadians had a little of that rub off on a me.
I would say so. I would say.
For example last night I watched a lot of the after the movie I came on watch the end of the black hawks in a maple leaf game.
Right. And I love hockey.
How can a country that's into hockey also be into curling. I mean it's the most stupid embarrassing bunch of crap and you're running around on their sweeping those
rooms back and forth and they're moving that little thing get all excited. Oh God.
They can have it help us say.
It's just the Canadian equivalent of Marja.
No worse. It's more embarrassing.
All right. Well that's all I have to do.
Because the people that like curling aren't all over the age of 100. Marja is strictly for people who can't do anything.
I know. Look to the audience. Look to like normal people except of course they were from Canada.
Hey. But don't think it'd be appropriate to call Bill Fonka douchebag. That other than that we enjoy your show.
Thank you sir. Foster Hewitt lives.
10 30 at W I O D were picking up a little steam and Broward not much we have one line open there.
524 and one on the Palm Beach line. 655 9463 655 Michael Jackson is a goddess.
Let's go to moral gables. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
He had a pace to be on the phone with that.
It is like that call on the phone. Do they got on the public phone? That was a classic.
He was great. But see you're the only one you and the handful of other select people.
You know what's it heard?
I just stopped laughing right now. It's too much.
Yeah he was great. I think he may have had a point too.
Listen. I just picked up a fresh copy of the new times.
Yeah. Fresh copy. What did you do? Slap in the face.
Right off the press.
Doesn't look like a fresh copy of the paper folks that reaches up and like slaps you're writing them out.
Right off the taste out of your mouth.
Right off the press.
Yeah. The readers pull the readers pull and the winners are.
Oh one of those.
Best AM radio personality.
Yeah.
Al Rantel.
No.
Oh.
No.
I'm just pulling your legs.
Neurodgers.
Oh boy. Now did they do this year? Did they do the readers and their own opinion?
Yeah. Right.
Yeah. Cause they hate me like poison over there.
Right. And absolutely.
Now they don't have Debbie Ellis to carry around anymore. So who do they pick?
No wait I'm going to tell you now.
Readers pull with you and FN was both Griffin.
What?
Both Griffin.
Who the hell is that?
I don't know.
Both did Lee?
P.O.W.
FN.
Bo Jackson?
No no. P.O.W.
I never heard of Bo Griffin.
Me neither.
I heard of Don Cox and Bill Tanner.
I'm power 96 point.
Whatever the hell it is.
Best radio station?
F.H.E.
Oh no.
Oh man.
Bored Scaster.
And I got to be listed in this.
Do we have that in the building yet? The new time?
Do we have one of those?
You have a blast with this.
Bored Scaster.
Tony Shagretto.
Tony Who?
Shagretto.
Shagretto.
Yeah.
Does she know Bumbum?
New Zanker and Bishop?
Oh no.
And TV TV.
These guys all have this Freudian thing.
They want to have dinner with grandma.
W-P-O-G.
Best TV station?
Yup.
They got to be kidding me.
Yup.
And new times.
These are supposed to be the artsy, fartsy crowd
that read new times.
All the yuppies over in the grove and down in West Kendall.
All these...oh man.
Give me a break.
And let me just give you a break.
I get lumped in there with Ann Bishop and who else?
Bo Griffin.
Bo Griffin.
I have no idea who that is.
I guess we'll find out sometimes.
Bo Griffin.
Let me get that.
You got me on that one.
Let me just give you a quick run if you don't mind what they wrote about you.
Okay, wait a minute.
I got a right here.
You got it?
So much storage, yeah.
Page 22.
Okay.
By the way, these phone lines suck today.
We had Broward all of it up there.
Now they're almost all gone.
I don't know what these people are doing lately.
It's like pseudo intellectual master of contra...
And he's got an ego of sex.
Oh wait a minute.
Best TV news anchor for Grins.
Rick Sanchez.
There you go.
That's amazing.
Okay.
Now where does this start?
I'm Page 22.
So much damn, best sportscaster.
Hank Goldberg.
What were you to get Tony's cigarette?
That's not the reader's portal.
That's there.
That's there.
Oh, I see.
I see.
Best reason to cringe at Ann Bishop.
See now they're getting a little sensible.
Best car wash.
They don't have Spencer in here under best car wash.
He's going to be crushed.
Okay.
Here's the reader's poll.
The best hotel.
The Grand Bay Hotel in the Grove.
I thought I was going to run again.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
The Grand Bay Hotel in the Grove.
Best car wash.
Sonny's douchless car wash.
Is that what it says?
Oh, Sonny's touchless car wash.
Well, this will be great.
Thank you so much, pal, because it's obviously going to be a very mediocre Wednesday.
We can't get over the hump as they say in Pinyan.
So we got a whole bunch of crap here.
Thank you, sir.
You made a whole show for us today, because this audience is wicked this the last few days, man.
You people are brutal.
Look at those brow lines.
Sick.
Pathetic.
Week.
Deadheads.
Deadheads.
We got like 70 billion people listening to this desk Roger.
I mentioned that thing about his tape for LA Law the other day.
And every place he went in this town everywhere.
People he didn't even know.
People he didn't want to know.
Are you Roger?
We got a tape here you go.
We heard Neil begging and pleading for you.
Do you spagged?
But boy, give those numbers out and you people have nothing to contribute.
Nothing.
You're hopeless, senseless, mindless, and have a nice day.
Well, that's right.
It's a Passover Easter week.
I'm sorry.
We don't expect much this week before the holidays.
They're all out there shopping for their chocolate covered monk and their easter eggs and their
matsu balls and their rematsu matsu and whatever else they're eating.
Okay.
With all your ridiculous silly childish crap.
Have a little wine though on me.
1035 at WIOD.
What are we doing here?
Oh, we're doing a little break and we'll be right back.
So anyway, all my salivate here is from Sorn.
Look at the little banana we're back to again today.
They didn't want to lure hysterically.
Boy, that was a scene I will never forget yesterday.
When she unpeeled the enormous fat banana boy.
The sweat was pouring off our foreheads in places we can't even mention.
Anyway, this will kill a whole show now.
Look at this.
The new new times with a big colorful thing on the front, the best of Miami 1991.
And it's got the readers' pole and the best of every stinkin' thing you could ever imagine.
It's amazing.
Best category we didn't ask is even in here.
Look at that best neighborhood bar in every section of town.
Of course, this is date counting only.
So you people in Broward, you're screwed.
We'll get to it in a second.
Cutler Ridge.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
You enjoying your lunch?
Oh, it's terrific.
I got a spirogus in here and peppers and little potato.
And a rutabaga and a partridge and a pear tree.
Fantastic.
Well, I finally got to see signs of the lambs yesterday.
And it went so far beyond my expectations.
It was so great.
Speaking of who are you having for lunch?
Yes.
But seriously, I waited because it gave me a chance to go rent manhunter.
Yeah, very good.
And see it and it sort of set it up.
Even though manhunter or Red Dragon the book,
the plot of Dr. Hannibal and Camel,
it wasn't as developed, of course, as in the second book.
And the Johnson Dems, Fantastic Cut, director,
I follow his work, you know, since he started.
Is that Don Johnson?
Who?
Don Johnson?
No.
No, no, no.
Just jokes.
Okay.
Don't get up Titan.
I'm not going to get up.
This is because we're talking about new times and intellectuals don't get up.
But, uh, I'm trying to solve the movie.
I had to go to public.
And in the new people magazine, they got a great thing on the making of silence.
Oh yeah?
The lambs and it's definitely worth taking up.
Hmm.
So, uh, anywhere.
That's our beautiful butterfly in my yard this morning.
I stuck it right on my nose.
They'd have to see it to understand that, wouldn't they?
Right.
We don't, and listen, this show, we don't care if they understand it or not.
We're going to go right on that.
That's what keeps this show going is the fact that for years they're still trying to figure
out what the hell I'm talking about.
Right.
And, uh, keeping on both these films, and both these films are coming to release.
It's dark, dark comedy, but, you know, there's an answer in both films.
And man-hunter is the reporter.
And, in time for the lambs is the State Psychiatry.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, what do you think?
Don't you think it's a great, the ending of silence is the greatest setup for a sequel?
Oh yeah.
Oh, there's no question about that.
I mean, they might as well even have previews of the next one.
I was waiting.
Just like the end of Godfather 3, they might as well have a preview of the new dawn, you know.
Well, we know, we know Randy's from, right?
I'll tell you what, Andy.
Get a haircut, Andy.
I look like crap.
Did you see him the other night?
Yeah, I saw him.
Oh man, what is that thing with the hair?
Nobody would tell me yesterday.
Am I that old that I don't understand?
Well, I...
They all had hair like down over the front of their head and looked like Mo from the three
stooges.
What is that all about?
Yeah, hey.
I listened to the show yesterday and I was taking myself.
I don't have any clue.
No clue.
Well, that's the problem.
Nobody, they're trying to catch us all off guard.
They want to be a vant guard.
Really?
Oh, I just dropped my currant on the form.
Well, listen, have a great day, sir.
I'm glad he enjoyed it.
Okay, you too.
Okay, right.
See, we will not give one call on guilty by suspicion because A.O. is a great movie
and B. Nobody in this audience would see something like that.
Because we got all these young whippersnappers who are more concerned about how much hair it
is Madonna really having her armpit and wouldn't I like to be a mosquito crawling around
in there?
Oh, God.
And I'm sitting here eating.
Baaah.
As a matter of fact, this picture, a her and Michael Jackson.
Stop and think about that.
If somebody held a gun to your head, I mean, would you want to get close to either one
of those things?
Oh, man.
Ask Marlon Brando, see what he'd say.
I think he's having a hard time getting close to anything right now.
1043 at W.I.O.D., the pop beach line is waiting on you.
655 W.I.O.D., Bay Harbor Island.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, I'm sorry you missed listening to Ellen Maphonius last night.
She sang your praises up to the sky.
Why is that?
Oh, she said such a good, wonderful thing.
No, the hanging judge.
I have everything that you deserve.
She said all the good that you've been going on.
The hanging judge said that?
With the lights on in the cars, I'm so brilliant.
I'm a topic any subject.
She said she's about to send you a letter.
Boy, Hank must have given her my check.
Nice going, Ellen.
I wish that you were talking to Hank and he'll tell you more about it.
I can't get over that.
It was beautiful.
It was wonderful.
You deserve it.
I sure do.
You do.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for the good news.
Yes, good bye.
As a matter of fact, the hanging judge, if I had been lucky, I'd have met her at birth.
Then I could have really been hung.
But life is not fair.
That's what Jimmy Carter said.
1044 W.I.O.D., we have an open line.
And date 751.
I'm telling you, we could do one or two things.
We can talk to these lovely people.
Or I can make a whole show out of this new times thing.
Best surprise party.
The Mandela visit.
Surprise, no party.
That's what it says.
The readers pull.
Only gave us all this stuff.
Best local politician, Xavier Suarez.
Oh!
Yeah.
What does that tell you?
If he's the best, I would have thought that they would have picked what's his name from
Hylia.
Too late, I guess.
Best place for single men and women to meet each other.
On the beach.
If they speak French.
Best beer selection in the bar.
Laughing loggerhead.
2721 Bird Avenue in the grove.
You notice most of the stuff they're into, real heavy duty in the grove.
Huh?
What?
Yes, what?
We're green with it.
Oh.
Well, it's the artsy crafty crowd.
You know what I'm saying in the grove?
Best local boy made good Andy Garcia.
Best local girl made good.
Gloria Estefan.
Uh-huh.
We're so sick from her we could puke already.
Best radio personality, AM.
New York Roger, 610WYOD.
You can do it.
Thank you.
Best FM personality, Bo Griffins, or Boza Shea, huh?
Because Bo can be a guy as in Bo Jackson or Bo Diddly or Bo Genius.
And is she good?
She is good.
What time is she on midday?
Knights?
Man, oh man.
Best radio station, she.
Oh, she's, oh, God.
That pepperoni is trying to upchuck back through my high little hernia.
Now I can't believe it.
Best radio station, she.
They left a couple letters off the first part of that one.
The SH.
Best sportscaster, Tony Segredo.
Now this is the Readers' poll.
Best TV news, Canker anchor, and Bishop.
And Best TV station, Channel 10.
Now we get to their poll.
Okay. Now we get to the real heavy duty.
Sometimes I feel okay.
Oh, well, listen, take like 10 weeks of shows.
They got everything.
Best airline, Chawks International Airlines on Watson Island.
Best local boy made good Robert Jordan.
Oh, Miami Beach.
We found all that stuff off a fat deer key.
And the Jillian $$$ worth of treasure and all kinds of crap.
Well, good luck to him.
Okay. Best local girl made good Debbie Spring.
Released her first album, Ocean Driver said to release a follow-up.
She plays to delight the crowds all over town.
Plans to tour more extensively and soon.
Viola and violin.
See the public picks Gloria Estefan and the snooty crowd at New Times picks.
Debbie Spring with her violin and Viola.
Excuse me. I'm surprised that it infects TMI as the best radio station.
That's why I don't understand how to help you get to me here.
It's on page 22.
Best TV news anchor, Tom Randalls of Channel 4.
He's okay. He's not bad.
But the best. Come on.
Hamburg head and boulders above him.
And what's your name?
Huh?
What's your name?
Jezel.
Jezel. How soon they forget.
Best sportscaster, they pick Hank Goldberg.
It says, wait a minute.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
It says you do have a lousy system because if you had a good one, you'd have found a card already.
Now I got it.
I'm right on top of these things now.
Just relax.
It says you either love him or you hate him.
My page of the beer.
This might be the best thing that can possibly be said about a sportscaster because it shows he's got Hotspa.
A quality that's sorely lacking among sportsmen in this bird.
He's brash. He's loud.
He's not a pretty sight.
But when Hank opens his mouth.
I paid for the beer.
One thing's for sure.
He's going to speak his mind and he has a mind too.
How do you like that?
Oh.
For Hank Goldberg.
We love new times.
Kissy kissy.
Okay. We'll get to the good stuff.
We'll get some more calls in.
So we're just going to have like a little mishmash.
I again, thank the gentleman who called about this because we had
a lot of fun.
I'm going to have to say that we're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
We're going to have to have a lot of fun.
They're sent always lingers.
If you think that's a bunch of just pull on my finger.
Wait until they get all load up.
They're waiting for me.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Yeah.
Wrong holiday but good thought.
Okay.
It's 1053 at WIOD.
Best news, a TV news anchor for Grins.
Rick Sanchez.
I wait a minute.
This is there something special to them.
Okay.
It says Rick how do we love the Let us Count the Ways.
That's what it says in New Times.
We love you for your cute little pucker when you try to look serious
or some ordinary murder slash your what when you try to look serious
for some ordinary murder slash your story.
We love you for the calming effect you have on your high school.
You're a strong co-anchor.
And for the roly-poly way you have crossing your arms authoritatively.
But most of all we love you for going above and beyond the Call of Duty
and service to these United States of America during the Gulf War.
Yes, we love you for your war map.
For the way you squatted down on it.
For the concern evident on your furrowed brow when you padded Kuwait.
For the aerial view that made you look like a road pizza.
Thank you, dear Rick, for making news watching fun again.
Isn't that cute?
Well, look at that.
And they also picked Channel 10 as the best TV station.
Oh, man.
Hmm.
Anyway, can we get to that other page so we can do a little self-aggrandizement,
slap panning at a back.
Best Spanish language radio personality and milieu milion on radio fake.
I'm sorry, but any station called radio fake.
I get a little worried about it.
Is that as in Feywayne?
Could be.
Best radio station WLRN FM.
Woo!
Last year they gave the...
Oh, talk about suits.
Last year they gave it to WDNA, which is the public public access station
that nobody can hear.
That like everybody gets about four minutes on air to make a jackass in play radio.
This year WLRN, they've picked up the baton or the antenna and run with it.
They address the particular needs of our city offering Creole language programming.
Debates on issues dividing the community.
Their music selection provides an oasis in the desert of nonsense available on other stations,
favoring studies of jazz grades from the past.
From the past.
Acoustic music programs, interviews with Brazilian musicians as yet unheard of in these parts, etc.
Another lottable feature is the radio reading service for the reading impaired like those of us at Newtimes.
Equally important for the television impaired in our community is complete coverage of world news through national public radio.
Followed by in-depth interviews with scholars, experts and assorted eggheads to help you understand what you just heard.
But frankly, we like them best on no other radio because on no other radio station, can you hear an hour of yodeling in Galic?
Let's hear it for WLRN, pubic radio.
Best AM radio personality, Neil Rogers, WIOD, 610 AM.
He's vile, short, ugly, fat, myopic.
Hell, he's probably even gay.
He's a show for a station at its advertisers.
He's an irritating pseudo-intellectual, a master of contrivance and he's got an ego the size of Miami Beach's parking problem.
He's also the funniest most insightful talk show host in the nation, yes, including Howard Stern.
Isn't that sweet? Isn't that a nice backhanded compliment? The blood is pouring out of my back.
Thank you so much.
1057 at WIOD, let's go to a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great. We got cups. They got a...
This sounds like Woody to me.
Boca.
Oh, Boca on the Broward Line?
Yeah. Yeah.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we're talking about Madonna yesterday or you were talking about Madonna yesterday.
Does anyone really know about Madonna? What her real name is?
Do we know or do we care? Is that the question?
Yeah, well, do you really care?
Well, if you want to tell us, sir.
Yeah, her real name is Valerie Sitcom.
Yes, she's from Bay.
Valerie Sitcom?
Sitcom, yes.
Well, my water with the stuff in it, Cheryl, with my...
She's from Bay City, Michigan. She got her father Fred,
works with Pontiac Motors.
And if you know anything about her background and her mother just died,
and if you know anything about her background,
you'd find out that's why she is the way she is.
Well, because her mother just died?
No, her mother just died.
Because her father was her father.
Yeah, she's just a little weird and being from that part of the world,
it was kind of funny listening to her and all of a sudden,
next thing I know, she's making hit records and all this other stuff.
And it's quite interesting where she came out of...
She just came out of nowhere.
And if you know her background...
How about all that here?
Where did that sprout out of?
I'm talking about under the arms.
Under the arms?
Well, I don't know where that came out of.
I'll tell you that.
Because that's a new slogan on a new album, it's Mrs. Madonna, she's the pits.
I don't know what that means.
She's breathing, anyways.
I got a little joke here for you.
We don't do jokes.
You don't do jokes?
No.
All right.
Well, thanks for the info.
1058 at WIOD.
How often do we have to say that?
You know, it gets pretty...
I mean, the guy had some...
Well, pretty boring stuff.
But it was okay.
But then they all...
You think that people are called a show.
And Ricken says to a lot of those people calling these shows...
And it's like they were trying to audition for the comedy womb...
Like they want to be the next-earth Lambert.
Look what it did for him.
People got up in the middle of their act last weekend.
We can be four last on the beach.
And they just ran out like there was a bomb scare.
Is that what you people want to be?
Rejects.
Scorn.
Made fun of.
That's why you're calling the show, right?
Anyway, we have one open-lineded Broward.
And 524WIOD will get to lots of the other really neat stuff here.
This is great.
I thank you again profusely so much.
Best Harold writer, period John Berry.
No, not Dave Booger Berry.
John Berry.
The people column.
Yeah.
Best Spanish language newspaper, L. Pais in Madrid, Spain.
Pais?
Is that what that means?
I thought Pais was like Mitch Lewis' hair.
Anyway, Henry Barrow has got the news in the bottle for you.
Kind of a capsule summary.
We'll come back at 11.05.
Brick and suds with a Tupperware party, Joseph Ecky on sports talk.
Hank Goldberg with South Beach models and babes, 8.11 tonight.
Yeah, it's an away spask.
If you want that, you can have it.
I mean, just stop and think about it.
Is there anybody in this building you want?
Even if your wife didn't know about it.
Is there anybody in the building you would hop on?
Look at New Blonde intern.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody in the building I want.
Not even close.
11 said, can we hire some indecent, they're not last summer.
There were a lot of people that I wanted when we had the interns in the newsroom.
Boy, oh, man.
I'm starting to get emotional now.
It's 11.17 at WIO.
Do well.
There's nothing wrong with wanting as long as you don't run around screaming it.
In other words, wanting silently is nice, but wanting loudly.
I want it.
I want it.
I want it.
In fact, one of the interns, that was his problem, he used to run around in there to one of the news ladies.
Wanting it.
And trying to get it.
Pop it up.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a new opening for you, show.
Okay.
Okay.
And now lies from the geriatric capital of the world.
Is this Eric Lambert?
No, it's not Eric Lambert.
Don't even know him.
Okay.
You're not doing amateur comedy, are you?
No, I'm not trying to, but, um, you're a funny guy.
Don't ask who you talk to.
Those can do for you.
Just shut up and eat.
Right.
That was great.
Was it?
That was great.
That was for Fat Rich.
Okay, listen, I'm a first time caller in a video.
I want.
Got tickets?
I want.
Got a parking pass.
I want.
I want.
Based on what?
What does he want?
What does everybody want?
They all want something, sir.
What do you want?
I just wanted to tell you that I think you're great.
And, uh, I want you to be happy.
Well, that's the nicest want we've had all day.
Good.
Thanks for sucking around.
Okay.
See you.
1118 at WYOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
At F-
You should, by the way, speaking of that, uh, give that little apple banana to a Laura.
A man.
She was happier than a pig in slop.
She was just wild.
Now, uh, I had a great line, but we need the job.
524 WYOD in Broward.
6363, Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think the word you're looking for is professional as opposed to amateur.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Well, speaking of that, best F-M radio personality, according to new times, Betty Pinio.
Yeah.
Who is that?
Bethelm W.M.
L.A.K.
Of W-X-D-J-F-M, Radio Ritmo.
Yeah.
K-Pasa.
Yeah.
Neil, I know this doesn't have anything to do with your talking about, but I think you're going to get a...
Let me ask you a question before.
Before you go into that, is there something you want?
I don't mean for me.
Is there just, in general, is there something you want?
No, sir.
I want you to be happy.
Oh, man.
Get the shovels out.
It's getting really deep in here, folks.
You'll never do it down here.
Here are some names for you.
I'll never do what down here.
Be happy?
Yeah.
Gil McDougall, Gene Woodling.
Gil McDougall hit the line drive that the Nocturb scores brains into his pants.
Because I know you're an old Yankees fan.
Vic Rassie, Ali Reynolds, Eddie Low Pat.
Yep.
Johnny Sain.
The only reason I'm going to need a little bit is because this is the hanged power.
This is the time of the year.
And baseball is the sport.
Did you mention Irv Norrin?
No, I didn't.
Well, there you go.
Don Larson.
Yeah.
Bob Tureley.
Mmm-hmm.
Tommy Burns.
Johnny Cook.
Johnny Cook's Bob Grimm.
No, Bob Grimm.
Oh, 1954.
20 and 6 of his rookie year.
And Yankees lost the penitent to the Indians.
Union's won 111 games.
Yep, I know.
Wow.
Here's a man who knows his crap ladies and gentlemen.
A real baseball.
The reason I haven't said anything today about baseball is because the Cubs the last three days
in the world getting the crap picked out of him and he's picking.
Boski got bombed yesterday.
We lost 16 to four.
I don't care.
Fire.
I'm just back.
Besumud Yanuki.
Yeah.
So we've had three rough days.
But hey, listen, just a week and a half away and it starts for real.
And this weekend we got those big exhibition games.
And we can all get out there.
The station.
Yankees.
Anna Budman.
And I trust you, Arthur.
Errorized you in silence of a laugh.
Hannibal the Hannibal.
Now he'll candleize you at Hannibal House.
Yes, Hannibal House.
Will the food is always flesh.
And now try our new, smorgasth morg.
Beaturing all you can eat, finger food.
Uh, yeah, I'll have the hand in Swisson, right?
I want a hot long foot dog.
Hungry for breakfast.
Try our 69-cent special.
Scramble legs with fresh toast.
And I'd like a coffee, too, please.
It regular or the candidate.
Uh, never mind.
And don't forget dessert.
Try our world famous hot apple pie.
Ah!
This week order to standard liver imamions with a drink and keep the glasses.
Or a hearing aid.
Even a complete set of dentures.
Why not bring your friend to put in a...
Hannibal House.
Take the black mark.
Amen.
10-07 bottoms up, everybody.
Isn't this great?
It's a holiday.
Kind of like a little picnic here at W.O.D.
A great day for everybody to bring in their little kids.
Bring in their little dogs.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Exactly.
Well, my dog is here.
Elaine wanted me to bring my little dog in.
And he's, uh, you want to say anything, tiny?
Come on.
Tiny.
You want to do the show?
Got a big weekend coming up.
We got the Yankee Oreo games tomorrow night and Sunday.
Gonna have massive crowds.
They've sold a Giddy and tickets.
How come they lied to us?
Doesn't that bother you just a little bit?
I do understand that they're trying to play a little psychology game.
Is if they tell people, what is it you want, huh?
Do you want to say something?
What does he want?
Okay.
Anyway, he's going to be doing the show.
What?
What is it?
Boy, this dog is just psychotic.
He said, he told me already.
He said, I wouldn't come in this place every day if they paid me.
And I said, believe me, that's the only reason I do.
Okay.
Anyway, it's...
Now this is great because you notice he's been quiet since nine years ago.
In the past nine or twenty I got in here, never made a peep.
Everybody's coming making a big deal over this dog.
Except for Disney who's psychotic today.
Where are all these kids doing all right?
Where are that dog?
Is he going to be here all day?
Whose dog is that?
What a friendly guy, Mike.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Dizzy.
Yeah, I hope you're his pal.
And it's just like at the house when the phone rings, I get on the phone.
This dog could be quiet all day.
And as soon as I get on the phone, he starts barking and carrying on
pretending somebody is outside.
And the same thing now.
Listen to that.
What is your problem?
Are you nuts?
Oh, you heard the micronary show.
Well, I would make me do it.
So anyway, we got the ball games coming up.
We got the Monday night Christmas list at Pop-A-Dote.
Don't forget about that.
And then the drivers championships to last round before the semi-finals.
Next Wednesday, Don Harmon and John Hogan.
And a good Friday today.
So all the little, pretty kids are out of school.
And pay soft.
And what the hell more could you want, right?
So we just should have a little party in here today.
Not like yesterday.
What is it?
No, not poor him.
That comes a little bit later on.
So anyway, it's 10.09 at WIOD.
I think we're just going to play a lot of bits today, don't you?
This dog is gunnuts.
Don't blame me.
Blame that big nose delay in that tour.
Okay, she's the one who said, you know, everybody can give me that jazz.
You got to bring your little dog in here.
Okay, come on up here and say hi to the crowd.
That's it.
At a boy.
Get up here.
And don't pee on a counter, please.
Anyway, it's 10.09.
Let's give those numbers out.
7519463 in date and Broward 524WIOD in Palm Beach.
655 9463.
Oh, you know what we got to do right at the beginning, George?
For Scott?
And the people in that office thing?
I almost forgot about this.
One moment, please.
We got to do a second.
Okay.
We have to play a little bit each hour to keep that office pool going over there.
They have a thing that is to which hour we're going to play it.
And they're psychotic about the fact that you people are requesting that song so much
And they're getting pretty second-tarity hearing it already, right?
Right?
Pull up yours, tiny.
10 past 10 at WIOD.
The Spice Dampel is the place to be this weekend for Easter Sunday and Pace Off.
Boy, on Easter Sunday, they are featuring a fantastic Sunday brunch starting off with a cocktail.
Enjoy a trip to their fresh fruit and salad bar.
Then choose from 17 different items including prime rib and shrimp and top it off with dessert and beverage all on Easter Sunday for just $9.95.
And of course, if you're a Spice Dampel regular, you know about that great gourmet country and seafood for the past 11 years.
It's made them legendary.
People just go nuts.
They salivate.
Overall, that delicious stuff in the downhom comfortable North Carolina setting that has made Spice Dampel the thing that it is to everything homemade.
And fabulous.
And don't forget extraordinary lunch and buffet Monday through Friday.
Big country brunch on the weekend starting at 11 30 early bird dining Monday through Sunday from 4 to 6.
Complete dinner starting at just $7.95 for all you snores out there.
But whatever you do, don't miss out this Sunday.
Big gigantic Easter Sunday brunch $9.95 per person at the two Spice Dampel locations.
In Fort Lauderdale, a mile west of I-95 on Griffin Road, 9 6 2 0 7 7 2 for reservations.
9 6 2 0 7 7 2 for $2,200 North Federal Highway in Boca $39.4 $3,100.
$39.4 $3,100. Have a real feast this weekend at the Spice Dampel.
Hi, K-Best here.
You know, I've always thought the best way to separate fact from fiction was to go directly to the source.
So, when I heard the public was still celebrating the grand opening of their Flagler Park food and pharmacy in Miami,
I had to see for myself.
And let me tell you, that new store is teeming with specials galore.
But just don't take my word for it.
Visit your new public for values like dairy fresh sour cream.
Buy 160 Nouns container for just 89 cents and get one free.
And USDA Choice Bottom Round Roast is only $1.85 a pound.
As well as Idaho potatoes, purchase the 10 pound bag for just $1.79 and get a tote bag free.
Price is effective only at your new Flagler Park public.
You know, seeing really is believing.
Unless of course, it's cheesecake.
Just one tiny flipper and the next thing I know have the cake is gone.
I never can quite believe that.
They cannot be seen.
But they have no place to hide.
They are vast number.
But their days are numbered.
The invaders are termites.
Behind your walls beneath your floor.
The destruction could cost you thousands.
The solution is the exterminator, the yorkenman.
And now, distermite control arsenal includes the yorken flow meter.
And only yorken has it.
Other methods can give your house too much or too little protection.
But with yorken's new flow meter, you get the precise perfect amount.
The stunt termites gold guaranteed.
In fact, if termites do return, yorken will repair the damage.
The exterminator, the yorkenman.
One call destroys them all.
Yeranty applies to qualified homes and requires initial treatment.
And annual paid renewals call yorken for details.
It's a...
Alright, 10-13.
See, they're never going to know the difference.
Is it real or is it mammaracks?
Is it on tape?
Or is it tiny?
Yeah.
Going out up the hall, listen, tiny.
And go up the hallway and right near the front of the building to the right.
Go in at office, the one with the big desk, and at funny man with the big nose and a mustache sitting.
And do a little number on his shoes, okay?
Straighten his ass out.
It's 10-14 at WIOD.
It's a great Friday.
We're just ready to do anything and everything that you want today, okay?
Now, let's...
No food today, right?
Let's not overdo it.
Yesterday was just disgusting.
How...
Is it true that Meg Green lost her wedding ring in the Jello?
Is that true?
What a bad break!
That must have been great.
Too bad they got out.
Here's a mobile in the grove.
Hey Neil!
Yes sir!
You're going to the game tomorrow or what?
Yes sir.
Well, uh, you mind if I join you in the sky back?
Yeah, we mind.
10-14 at WIOD.
We have an open line on the star line.
If you have Bellsoft mobility, be our guest, our IOD.
And one in Broward, 524-100 Palm Beach, 655 WIOD.
We're already...
We're often running as they say.
We're off to the races, right?
Right, tiny?
Huh?
Get out of here.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Well, that's the start we're getting off to on Good Friday.
That's the best you wonderful, good, pious people can do on Good Friday.
Is we get some jackass and then a hang up?
A click?
Miami.
Oh, hello?
Yes sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
Are you going to be our first civilized caller of the day, sir?
On Good Friday?
I think so.
Okay.
Well, first I got a call.
Stay good y'all to the pontiff.
Huh?
I said how you doing?
I'm pretty good, you know?
Great.
Okay.
Listen, am I up in a beer at the Jellos Blosses yesterday?
At the what?
At the Jellos Blosses.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
And it's too bad green to lose a ring.
What a bad break, huh?
Yeah, too is pretty upset, better husband, I think, with more upset.
Yeah, because now he's going to have to go on viral new one.
Yeah, that's true.
Also...
So how did the thing go?
It was pretty messy, actually.
Yeah.
And Marvin got out?
Yeah, Marvin got out.
Ah, nuts.
Well, he had to jump in because, I don't know, some of the people were late.
So we were trying to take him some time.
Yeah.
How far did he jump?
Or just down the ladder, it's like six foot.
Oh, geez, what kind of a wussy thing is that?
Are you serious?
I thought it was going to be one of these 200 foot jumps or something.
What, six feet?
Well, it's only hitting a gallon of gel, it's only...
We're inviting Marvin to come out to the swap shop.
I'm Monday, April.
We're going to have him jump 230 feet into a gigantic cement block.
That's still a little moist.
Oh, and we got a little tape of megrine here too.
Would you like to hear it, sir?
Yeah.
Look at this.
This is the most disgusting thing I've ever done in my life.
Oh, there she goes.
Yeah, she went down with the mobile phone in her hand though.
The phone is just going to lose that tonight.
I got news for you.
I can assure you it is not the most disgusting thing my green has ever done in my life.
I don't want to speculate, but I have a feeling it's not.
So it was okay, huh?
Yeah, it was okay.
Nothing too exciting.
No, not really.
Well, what do you expect?
Well, listen, have a great holiday.
You're going to be at the ballgame, is by any chance?
No, I got to work.
Oh, man.
What kind of crap is it?
You got to work?
Yeah.
Saturday night?
Yeah.
Doing what?
Well, we got a concert out here at Bayside.
Oh, hey, listen.
Okay.
Well, at least you got a good excuse.
Yeah.
Have a great time.
All right, I'd like to call right to the douchebag.
Okay.
And have a good day.
I'm you too.
Tiny, get out of my way now.
I'm trying to do the thing there.
Tiny, take that.
Oh.
Boy.
What?
That'll straighten his ass out.
We have an op-
Well, listen, I would never bring my dog into work, but Elaine and Cheryl and all these people
have been bugging me, and especially they, it's a holiday.
Everybody in the building brought their bratty little kids in, and if I knew it was going
to create any kind of a psychosis or problem, I never would have brought in my little poor,
beautiful little dog that weighs all of eight pounds.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Exactly.
What the hell is his problem, man?
Is it that time of the month again?
Boy, just tell him to take a little chill.
Right, Tiny?
Up his, right?
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, I'll speak to Tiny, a boy Gary, whichever comes first.
Just a second.
Tiny.
Tiny.
He's for you, Tiny.
Tiny, how was it in the microwaves?
He got real nervous because I brought him through the cafeterias that first threw me coming down
stairs, and he saw there was a microwave done.
Oh, is there a re-go again?
Yeah, back to the ovens again.
Well, your doctor shows for the dogs.
It's been really interesting.
Yeah, right.
All he now is, you know.
That's what he said when he came into building this morning.
He said, hello, doctor.
Yesterday, I went, I stopped at my vet on the way home.
And I got science diet, duogh, food, and I got some highlight.
It's a spray, a vitamin kind of spray for dry skin, and it seemed to help a little bit.
What about this lamb or whatever it is in rice stuff?
Silence of the lamb.
Oh, Tiny, Pirates fan.
Go bite him, Tiny.
Get him.
Chuck Meyer.
Bite his ass.
Big time, okay?
Does he look like Bobby Benilla without the tan?
You betcha.
Is Tiny taking over the show already?
He's going to take the whole place over, okay?
Hey, listen.
He's got, he, as soon as I brought him into building, he said, what a slimy place this is.
Was he like waking his little, um, pale or whatever it's left of it?
He's got, he's only got a little bit of time.
That's it. Chuck Meyer, they're tiny.
Get him.
Get him.
You hear that?
It's fabulous.
Get him.
Get him.
Get him.
Boy, he knows the Pirates fan when he sees one.
He's got the birds not around, huh?
Yeah, then we'd have a whole animal house.
Well, listen, have a great life, sir.
Okay, Neil, happy holidays.
And the same to you.
Back.
Boy, I guess he told you all five.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now, Elaine's in here.
Do you got no problem with Elaine?
Of course, he can relate to that schnauz.
Anyway, we have an open line in Palm Beach.
Six, five, five.
Are you going to take him out to do a little deposit in the back?
I think it would be a good idea.
And maybe not now, but sometimes soon, because it's all I need is for him to do something in the studio.
And then the wrath of you know who?
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
We'll come down on all of us.
It's probably not him anyway.
So it's probably Mandage's kids.
Let's go to keep his game.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Right.
Neil, you know, there's a whole organization of douchebags out there that you don't talk about.
The dry cleaners.
Yeah.
I just got another shirt out there.
There's an organization of them?
Man, the dry cleaners in this city suck.
They have got to be on the front.
The DCA, the dry cleaners of America, ladies and gentlemen.
Unbelievable.
Your local dry cleaners sucks.
It does.
Why?
Why, what happened now?
Another time.
This is about the fifth time since I've been in Miami.
Go to get me shot at this morning.
Trust me.
Wait a minute.
You went to what?
About the fifth time I've been in English.
Now slow down a little bit.
We might be able to understand you.
It's the first time I've ever called by the way.
Well, yeah, but you're not improving.
Oh, get him, Tony.
Get him.
Get that George.
He's eating tacos again.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, this is the fifth time I picked up.
About the fifth time I picked up clothes from the dry cleaners and they trashed them.
What is it?
What do you mean they trashed them?
Well, they've got lots of over them.
I've got to jacket the other day.
They put a hole in the back.
Yeah, but they know where you're from.
They figure you're like, you'll be trendy looking like that.
It'll be right in.
It'll fit.
Yeah, you ever had a problem with dry cleaning?
What is it?
Have you ever had a problem with dry cleaning?
No.
Never had a problem.
Well, I mean, one time they lost something, but I mean as far as having spots and holes in it, no.
Some of my stuff has like, when I take it, there are spots and holes in it, but it's what I don't expect much.
Oh, I guess it's just me then.
Yeah, I think you should try a different place.
They probably know you there.
Not an accident, believe me.
All right, have a good week and a week.
And the same deal made to bloke.
See ya.
Boy, mate.
We got your mate right over here.
21 past 10.
If anybody would like to talk to the dog, they probably get a more intelligent conversation.
We're doing it.
It's good Friday.
It's paysock.
It's the big weekend game.
We hope we're going to get the major league team here.
Boy, it is just the tension.
You could cut it with a butter knife.
You could cut it with your thing.
Would you stop making stupid faces in my poor dog and acting like a real jackass, George?
During the break, he's going on the intercom.
They're making all these guttable sounds.
Don't you realize what he thinks of you now?
He's thinking to himself, what an asshole in there.
What is wrong with him?
Can't you just behave like a normal person?
Just because there's a dog here?
Just stop and think what animals must think of people like that.
Every time they go through all those stupid...
Hey, hey, you're here.
You know, they give you a look like what the hell planet did you come from, jackass?
Right, tiny?
Get them.
It's 10-22 at WIOD.
We'll be right back.
I'm Steve Tennis, WI-O-N-E.
Finally, the winter's over.
And the most wonderful season of the year has arrived.
The baseball season.
And now, double-layer record presents.
The M.S.M.F.R.
Master of the Slide Whistle.
Play all your favorite baseball songs on Zimfar pitches by Hiss.
Yes, it's made me out to the ballgame.
You'll also get where you're talking baseball.
This is the album Making Ways in Sports Bars All Over the World.
Hey, God, who wants to hear some Zimfar?
All the major league hits are here, including everybody's favorite Shard.
And haunting melodies like.
Order now and we'll throw in Zimfar songs from the dugout.
All the players' favorites.
I want to be wrenched.
Money, that's what I want.
Money changes everything and just plain old money.
Zimfar pitches the hits.
Only 12 money, 5.985.
Zimcash, Jack, or order to die.
If you buy it, it won't come.
In about six weeks.
Boy, Denimburg just came in here to the dugout nuts.
1026 at WIOD.
We have an opening on Ed Starline for all our belt-soft mobility friends, Star.
IOD, Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm leaving this town tomorrow in a rented caddy.
And never coming back.
Oh, I wish I didn't have to.
Where you going?
I'm going to New Orleans and Panama City, Florida.
Hey, hallelujah.
What a disgusting pair of places to go.
Panama City is nice like in the middle of the summertime.
Oh, it's beautiful there.
Lay on those beautiful white beaches.
Mm-hmm.
See all those Yahoo's and red necks.
Oh, you ain't kidding a lot of Yahoo.
And then you go to New Orleans and see all of real Yahoo's.
All of drunken Yahoo's.
New Orleans is probably one of the most disgusting, slimy places I've ever been in my life.
And you like it?
No.
You been there?
No, I've been there once in a while.
Oh, what do you go to New Orleans for?
Unless you want to drink yourself into oblivion.
Well, I'll get that.
And you can do that here.
Well, gee, I was going to ask you if you knew some place to go there, like to eat.
In New Orleans, I think the bus station would be good.
Now, they do have excellence.
They do have excellent food there.
Okay.
But I went there one weekend.
It was like a lifetime, about a year ago.
I wouldn't go back there if they paid me.
That's glad that same experience was like a lifetime for an afternoon.
But I'm just going to take another half this time.
Where was that?
I mean, you were already there?
Yeah, I was there once, but my other half hasn't been there.
So I'm taking a long haul.
Oh, boy. That'll be the end of your marriage.
Yeah, probably.
Well, hey, can I just call my boss a major douchebag?
Yeah, because she always pluses me out for listening to you.
Slimeball is what I would call her.
All right.
Candy Colby is a major slimeball.
Okay. Have a great day, sir.
And have a good time in spite of it.
Happy holiday.
And the same to you.
Thank you.
Oh, everybody's so excited.
Happy holiday.
Man, let's play sleigh bells.
It's a wrong holiday.
And let's have some humontosh.
It's never the wrong holiday for humontosh.
I'll tell you that.
We have an open line in Broward, 524-Bark.
Look at that.
He's laid down on the counter there.
He just resigned himself to the fact that he's surrounded by douchebags.
Boy, what a strange, bizarre bunch of people.
He said, you're right, tiny.
And speaking of that, Nashville is calling.
Yes, Nashville is calling.
You were in Nashville.
Are you up there?
I sure am.
Well, I'll be dang.
I just landed here about two hours ago.
Oh, man.
If there's any place worse than New Orleans or Panama City, it's Nashville.
Well, I left Florida and I arrived to 60 degree in rainy weather.
But they have hills here, so that's better.
Oh, but it's dank.
Isn't it dank?
Well, so far, yeah.
Yeah, well, get used to it.
Get used to it.
It's a dank, murky Yahoo place.
What are you doing there?
Well, I'm visiting France for the weekend.
And you know me.
Well, I think he's remembered me.
This is Debbie.
You know me from back at data.
You know, you wanted to see what he had to offer.
Oh, yeah.
How you doing, Debbie?
I'm good.
And then I called you from Disney World, but you moved back and...
Well, now you're really moving up in the woods.
Yeah, we're going to go into Disney World in Nashville.
Ooh, boy.
No, I told my boyfriend, Greg, who's a major dish that I had to say that, because otherwise he wouldn't know with me.
Now, he's wonderfully drugged into the airport.
And I told him I called just to let him know that I got here safe and just to say hello and you could put a stick pin in the...
Yeah, we can stick it.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I tell you, don't be alarmed now.
If you go with your friends into a grocery store, they have crogr.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
I'm going to win literally right now from a place called Mega Market.
Yeah.
And it's like three times the size of any extra I've ever been in.
Right.
It's very scary.
But look at the checkout.
Will you listen to me when you get to the checkout lines.
All the women cashiers.
Yeah.
They have little wispy beards and they smoke a corn cob pipe.
So don't panic when you see that.
It just goes with the territory.
Okay, I don't want to scare me.
I'm looking now and you actually are correct.
Yes.
One like there and I'll pour it.
See, the Nashville population is the product of centuries of inbreeding because the philosophy there was always incest is best.
Mm-hmm.
And that's why they're all kind of like seven bricks short and they look like something from a Uranus.
Oh my goodness.
Well, have you been here, I assume?
I worked there for a month at WLAC.
Did you ever hear that story?
No.
Oh, way back in October of 81.
How could I forget for four horrendous weeks.
It was on nightmare.
They didn't like you?
No, it isn't that they didn't like me.
I was on at night so I was getting calls.
WLAC is a big powerful 50,000 watt station.
We were getting calls from 38 states.
But I just didn't like that down home kind of mentality there.
Yeah.
That kind of clannish attitude that they seem to have.
You're just going to love Nashville.
Unless you're from Florida, New York, or maybe Jewish or both of the above.
You're going to love Nashville.
Well then I guess I'm in trouble because I've two of you there's categories.
Oh boy, wow listen, just put on a dark shroud and don't let anybody know about it.
No, Tom, I'm going to retract what I said.
I left my boyfriend Greg and his mother Helen as a douchebag.
And you're wonderful in the RNL.
I'll see you when I hear that.
Have a great time.
Get out of there soon.
Bye-bye.
You're going to love Nashville.
That's what they told me.
You're going to love Nashville.
All three brow lines suddenly opened up there like in the middle of the board.
Like a gigantic slit in the middle of our heart.
524-9463.
524-240 is I said done Tuesday.
I finally realized what week it was.
It's a it's a rough week.
Isn't brutal week because they're all busy busy doing what we still haven't found out.
But they're all very busy.
They're needing the dough.
Although we don't use dough.
What are they needing?
I guess they're needing something.
Like some common sense.
Opalaka.
Good afternoon.
Yes sir.
Good evening pal.
I smell baseball in the air now.
I can hardly wait.
You can sniff it right now.
Believe me when I tell you.
You bet.
Is WID going to do anything like tailgate out there?
Yes sir.
Both games we are told.
In fact, let me look at my sheet here.
Yes, please.
In fact, I should have told Debbie to check the sheet up there in Nashville.
She's probably wearing one by now.
Yeah.
Baseball tailgate party.
We support baseball and soft Florida parties.
Saturday and Sunday in the north parking lot.
Come out early and enjoy free games and music before the Yankees and Orioles take the field.
Both tomorrow night and Sunday afternoon.
How do you like that man?
What time is early.
I don't know.
Probably around.
I would say about six tomorrow and probably around noon on Sunday.
They're a bookiever take.
Okay, cool.
You've only got one dog in the studio right?
Well, yeah.
Can you bring the other ones?
Look, let's talk scratch.
Oh man, I'll tell you.
The other way.
Can you see me driving to work in my bed with the Golden Retriever and this little piece of junk?
Yeah, I mean, get serious.
In the trailer with all the medication for the...
Yeah, right.
Everybody's got a theory out of fix it dogs.
Well, actually it helped him a little bit but I started sitting there scratching under my arm.
Yeah, for about an hour.
Take care.
Have a good time, buddy.
Okay.
We'll be there with bells on.
1033 would have a chance probably to talk to Kevin Moss up close and personal.
See the Yankees get their butts kicked twice by the O's.
Cubs lost again yesterday by the way but we don't want to talk about it.
Parkie got the crap beat out of him.
Our pitching is just...
Can't complain about our pitching because of the Danny Jackson we don't have any at the moment.
Moral Gables.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I want to tell you that I'm a little remiss on my being able to go to the games.
You're a little miss?
You sound like a little miss is a matter of fact.
Which up a little?
No, I have to work so I do have to miss.
I know that's no excuse.
You have to work Saturday night?
And Sunday.
Oh, I work for the University of Miami unfortunately.
You work for the U of M?
Yes, but nothing.
And you actually have pronounced several words correctly in the first 30 seconds.
I can't believe it.
Well, anyway, I just want to say that I hope they come off but even if it does look like it's going to rain and all that kind of stuff,
like the predicting, people go and just sit there and start yelling in the scenes.
You know, we want days before tomorrow.
Who said it's going to rain?
I mean, we might have like a little dripper drop here.
I'm getting nervous, this cold front.
Cold front?
It's going to be 80.
I know, but there's a cold front coming down the state.
You've been listening to...
All I know is Maria Ginerro, the lovely and talented Maria who was on with Hank last night.
I didn't hear it.
I see her thing every morning.
It didn't look like it said like a scan possibility of showers tomorrow night and Sunday minimal.
And about 80 or 82, both days.
So I don't know what's the cold front.
It's not going to get here.
Okay, that's cool.
Let them have it up in Orlando, screw them, they've got enough business already to hell with them.
That's cool.
I wanted to thank you for recommending a movie.
I know I'm a little bit late on this too.
Going to see, last week before I went to work on Friday, I went and saw Silences of the Lamb to the Rio de Janeiro.
Theater.
What an amazing movie.
I had to have been at least shaking for two to three hours after I saw that movie.
You were shaking it for two to three hours after the movie.
I can't believe it.
Anthony Hopkins.
Tremendous.
You know what struck me the best scene that I thought was when he was in the cage type thing.
And after he killed him and then he's listening to the music and just like...
He's doing his little thing to the music and he's the guy laying there.
I mean, it summed up the whole character to the music.
My favorite scenes were when they had him in the straight jacket stamped prop like straight up with his nose squished in.
Was it at the airport?
Yeah, that was one and also in the cell, but at the airport was one of the best.
Oh yeah, and it was just...
There were wonderful performances from everybody.
I just think the timing by the studio, I don't know if they should have released it before and made it eligible for this year's Oscars.
I'm sure it was filmed in time, but Anthony Hopkins would have killed that guy Jeremy Irons that British guy.
Or eaten him one or the other.
Oh, he would have killed it.
I just know people remember it.
Come Oscar-Tonnictor.
Anyways, Neil, you have a great job.
My big dog, by the way, is a starry guy.
Lassie couldn't make it. He's starring in a sequel that's called Silence of the Lambs and Rice.
Have a great weekend.
Yeah, cheers, sir. You have a good time.
Bye-bye, sir.
1036 at WIOD on Good Friday.
How about some macaroni and cheese?
Do they still do that?
I remember when I was a kid going to school, they used to really bug me.
I don't care about anybody's religion or any fairy tales, but that Catholic influence was just a little bit more than some of us could handle.
Every Friday was like tuna fish and macaroni and cheese.
I want a stick and cheeseburger, okay?
I don't want macaroni and cheese.
Although I'll be honest with you, they do like macaroni and cheese.
Don't you?
If it's like crisp on the outside, kind of like real crisp.
For example, if you go into Morrison's or one of those places and you go through the line,
and there's always like the outside is real crispy and almost burnt a little bit, which is the really good part.
And it seems that they always stick the ladle like underneath, they give it the real wet, sloppy, goopy.
You don't want that.
You want that crisp, right?
And they're saving that for themselves, and I think they probably eat that off during the lulze in the break.
What is that on a bad line?
That's not Jeff offering to bring macaroni and cheese, is it?
He don't make macaroni and cheese.
My dog would like something, though, but he'd go nuts over that.
Now, you notice how much he's bothering everybody.
He's just laying there real quiet.
At making no problems at all, just got up and stretched right now, right, tiny?
No problem at all, and the boss hates you like poison.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Is he going to be your old day?
No, he's going to go out into Boulevard and hitchhike home as what he's going to do, Mike.
Get him.
Go bite him.
Do something on his shoes.
It's 22 till 11 at WYOD, and we'll be right back.
Now does that condom build to provide you with the safest sex possible?
Bungie cord condoms.
A guy who date the really big girls.
This is the most disgusting thing I've ever done in my life.
Okay, 1042 at WYOD.
There she goes.
How about somebody give me a ring this weekend?
Let's take a call from Boca.
Hello?
Yeah, do you have anything on Steven J. Gray getting arrested from hot 105?
No, again?
Well, no.
Do you have any more information?
Do you own any details?
Maybe a police report, fo-hose?
Why, you work at EDR, is that it, sir?
No.
What is your story?
I'm going over to the zeabers there for the show.
To who?
Oh, get out of here.
That's super-dave.
You believe that.
Go away.
You fat slob.
Go away.
Go away.
Go see Gary Sibel.
Go call Gary for a date.
Get out of my life.
Go away.
And stop coming to my table at Pompano and tell me that Gary sent you down.
Gary said you're a fat douchebag is what he said to me.
These people, these groupies who have no- see, basically, like I said, the trends come
out the other day.
We did great knock on wood the whole station.
That's fabulous.
But nobody cares because there's nothing happening in radio.
These people who have no lives other than this radio gossip and crap.
It's pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
Exactly.
Get a life pal.
North Miami Beach.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Good.
Pulling down, howl and del beach boulevard when you started your show.
I wanted to make a request and get you to play that hell of a lecture thing one more time.
I just got you planted.
I know you planted a lot.
I didn't even finish the first hour and they wanted your stuff again that I just got you planted
10-15.
Well, no, but I've got to go to work at 11 o'clock.
Oh, man.
Are you people crazy?
No, Neil, I wiped out four senior citizens going to hell at these boulevard laughing so hard.
It was really terrible in that case.
They can serve them up right there in a restaurant.
It'd be great.
Okay, we'll get it in for you.
Thank you.
Have an ice-up.
Don't do this again.
Okay.
Bye.
These people are crazy.
But that's what they say on the day of your doggy's wedding on Good Friday.
You can't refuse the request of something like that.
I'm not doing a request.
Do you think we should do a request, Tony?
What do you think?
Huh?
Oh, is it an acute, a little kissy kissy on the microphone?
That was really cute.
Get out of here.
Do you expect?
Here's a mobile in Helendale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
I hope Tony is not helping your leg there.
No, sir.
Good.
I'm pumping the microphone.
Something's not far from there.
You go.
Tonyo's fixed at a very early age.
There's nothing, Gornish Telfon, as they say.
It's not going to make any difference.
Listen, the stadium, Joe Robby is located in a leg-boot-sert.
So they should be called the leg-boot-sert lucky.
Yeah, okay.
How about that?
Can't you cigarette names for baseball?
What leg-boot-sert?
Yeah.
Huh.
I like that name.
Okay.
We have an open line.
That's the second idea we've had on the starline today, boy.
Poor, poor sisters having to pay to the nose for that.
Well, isn't that cute?
Who is that?
Who is that?
Is that our weekend anchor now?
Isn't that amazing?
Tony, you want to see some of these little Brady kids in the hallway and go out there and bite them?
Under a finger?
Let them know that this is not a playhouse.
This isn't Peewee's playhouse or playways Peehouse.
This is a radio station.
Tony, who's that?
Look, look at who's that?
Who is that?
Go get him.
Go on.
Get out of here.
Poppano.
That's it, Tony.
Get him.
Poppano.
Is that the click on the clicking line?
You just what?
What is it?
Male.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Let me ask you, sir.
Do we have a bad connection?
Maybe.
Are you in poppano?
Yes.
How come when I said poppano, you just look kind of like laid out there?
I said hello.
We didn't hear you.
Listen, first time call it.
I want to say hello to Jimmy, the douchebag, Paul, to the window cleaner.
He put me on to you and I think you're great.
Great show.
Great entertainer.
Yeah.
But there's one thing about you, Neil.
You should be a dodger fan, mate.
Then Cubs, you're never going to make it.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Well, we're going to do our best, okay, sir.
I know you're a big expert.
You sound like you're really up on your cricket.
But we're going to do the best we can.
All right, mate.
Okay, bloke.
All the best.
Get out of here.
Stito, I want any more of these blake, moke, moke.
Any of that crap, okay, that corn ball stuff?
These down under people.
Go back where you came from, okay?
We're friendly here to a point.
Well, actually, we're not friendly.
We hate everybody like poison and we're proud to tell you that.
That's because we've been invaded by a bunch of frogs.
If you jump off that counter out of the floor and do a little number on the floor,
tiny, it's going to be very upsetting to somebody up in the front of the building.
So go ahead and do it.
Don't forget Rick and Sudge, by the way, this afternoon,
they're out at the date County Youth Fair.
How about that, huh?
An old yellow jumper is going to be out there with them.
Add out to be great.
Man.
And Sunny and Joe, how come it to...
Look at this.
Here's our sheet.
They're doing a remote no less.
And our crack production department, promotion,
whoever the hell they are in there can't even put on there.
They're doing a remote at the youth fair today.
That's pretty embarrassing.
You bet.
Sunny and Joe on Sports Talk, former heavyweight champion Larry Holmes
with Hank tonight boxing.
Oh, Hank, come on.
Get some of those babes on there again.
I'll be sure to tune in for that.
Let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Speaking of frogs, there's plenty of the dog who ate the frog about a year ago.
Yeah, I've had that card here, two as a matter of fact,
somewhere my dog almost died.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I play that today, just not out of his appearance here,
it's once in a lifetime of appearance.
Have you met Rick and Sudge yet?
They're not going to be here today, so we looked out.
In fact, I told them they were doing a remote today.
That's the only way we would come in.
Oh, man.
I've kind of hope that he gets feds with lots of pride.
Yeah.
I'm a shoe.
Well, that's all I really wanted to know.
Yeah, Dick and Tater were going to be out of the youth fair today.
Have a great day, pal.
Bye.
I like that.
I mean, Rick and Sudge is okay.
It's kind of silly, but Dick and Tater,
that's got some appeal to it, isn't it?
Got some flair.
Got some taste.
I guess so as my salad coming from Sunny's today,
because yesterday he must have heard that we had all that grotesque amount.
I want to thank Bill Adelio again, and of course, Jeff.
Although Jeff gets enough free plugs.
I'll be damned.
He's going down on the floor now.
You know what that means?
He's going to be doing any second.
Now, wait a minute.
Let me just check.
Tine.
Wait a minute.
Oh, no.
Oh.
He's sniffing.
I think Elaine, the lovely Elaine ought to get in here real soon
and take him for a little walk out in the back,
where there's a lot of grass and some stuff.
Because otherwise, it could be a very nasty scene in here.
Whereas she's the one that wanted him here today.
She's got like 12 minutes before that,
and Henry's doing the news anyway.
Elaine gets your big nose in here and take tiny for a walk.
Okay, like soon, because he's starting to sniff around
where others have been before.
Papano.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
First time caller.
Got a question.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I want to let you know that we just called up the Jo Robbie Stadium.
Yeah.
Tickets are sold out.
Great.
Great.
I need to go.
I can't get any tickets.
Well, I mean, great for everybody else.
Yeah, right.
Is there any way if you get any, you got a few tickets for me?
I don't have any tickets.
No.
I don't even have tickets for Frat Rich, which I think is pretty disgusting.
I do.
I think after all the stuff he's done around this place
and being a real schnore, I think it's...
Wait a minute.
My dog has disappeared somewhere and when it gets real quiet,
you know what that usually means, don't you?
Yeah.
Where'd he go?
Better start running.
Okay.
Let's ask another question.
Yes, sir.
How come you like to Miami Hurl so much?
How come I like them so much?
Yeah.
Next question, sir.
Okay.
Is that it?
Next question.
You said this is your first call?
Yeah.
Don't make it a habit.
Should it be my last?
Well, you're getting right on the edge.
Okay.
Good fellow.
It's a great movie.
Yeah.
Added this world.
Yep.
Another question.
My girls in the office here, they're all afraid to call you.
You know, they always think that you're going to jump all over them
if they call up.
I'm not that bad.
Yeah.
Well, pretty unlikely.
That would make the Hurl.
Yeah, because I got a more hooked over here.
I got about eight girls.
Well, I'll tell you, my dog likes this call a lot.
And he said it's time to say goodbye.
It's so long, sir.
Boy, he hated that call.
Well, who is he barking at?
Is he barking at you?
Well, I don't think you're the one to be taking him for a walk.
Okay?
Hate him.
That's it.
Get him.
Get him.
Boy, he doesn't like that here, dude.
10 before 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date, 751 bark, and one in Broward, 524.
Boy, he hates him.
Mitch Lewis.
Well, he heard that cart last week.
Okay, doesn't he already give him the load on on that?
I'm telling you, Lane has got to take that dog for a little walk.
Now, I'm telling you, it's that time.
When he jumps off the table onto the floor and starts sniffing around
where others may have been or not as the case may be.
It's time for her to do a little business.
In fact, the two of them can do it in stereo out there
on the Channel 7 doorway.
One of the biggest hair she is.
Why is that?
You're going to lose your job for this?
Hey, I heard the news this morning, honey.
Believe me, that could be the reason.
Now, what are you barking about?
Geez, let's get with it here.
Is this a radio show or a minasherie?
Boy, look at that.
He just freaked out since Mitch Lewis came in here.
Anyway, one of the biggest savings in loans in Hollywood
has gone under in their losses.
You're gained, so don't miss out.
This weekend only Toyota Hollywood is barking
about a special purchase sale.
This Saturday in Sunday over 450 pre-owned cars and trucks will be sold.
It's a chance to buy a great pre-owned vehicle at an unbelievable bank-busting price.
Right.
Shut up.
It's an opportunity of a lifetime.
You may never see low prices like these again.
The special two-day-only sale will be held at Toyota Hollywood's
used car wholesale center on 441 between tapped and chirod and streets.
People are barking the news all over town.
And during the outrageous demand,
a lot of hours will be extended to 12 midnight this Saturday only tomorrow
and Sunday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Don't miss this extraordinary sale wear at Toyota of Hollywood.
Ten WIOD.
He's been censoring my promos, sir.
And it's only recently that's coming to my attention.
When we finally do get something on it, it's really hysterical and really great
like the bridge tender guy or the thing we played the other day.
And we wanted to run for a few days because he makes it so difficult for us to have one that is socially acceptable
for that boring plastic geriatric audience in the morning.
And they'll all of a sudden he takes the yanks it out.
Well.
That's Roger's new thing.
When in doubt, yank it out.
Maybe that's what the spanish should have done.
Exactly.
Good lines, sir.
Excellent.
141 at WIOD.
I mean, I never dreamed we'd ever have any kind of thing with Roger and or Mr.
Ronieri, Mr. Hachot in the morning.
I mean, I just don't understand that if you really believe that your audience is that tender
and sensitive and a bunch of old decrepit farts, then my God.
Let's get rid of the ones who are just that sensitive.
Okay.
I mean, I can understand a lot of those people don't want to hear this show, but they can't stand a 22nd promo.
Man.
Douchebags.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You don't want that to get on.
Right, Ron?
Ron?
Ron?
Ron?
Ron?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ron?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We caught him a little short.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Okay.
Hold on.
He's working over there.
Okay.
That was great.
We caught him with his turn tables down.
Medley.
Neil.
Yeah.
Speaking of embarrassing.
Who thought of the office college?
Oh, man.
That's a boy, Gary production.
You're in quite frankly.
I think they deserve it now.
At the beginning, I had some sympathies for them.
But now, you know what?
Come around, go around.
Hey, Neil.
They left out part of the...
So if my promars are too exciting and spicy for that show, I think the office challenge fits right in.
Now, what is it?
It's a little fast for the show, but...
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, they left part of the Cubs trade out.
Did you mention earlier?
Oh, Mitch Williams, I hope.
Yeah.
Mitch Williams.
You wish.
You know what they got for him?
Broken bat and two fine tar rags.
There you go.
How do you know?
Thanks a lot.
Good deal.
What are you doing with him now?
I have to take my...
Did you come up with some running weights?
Your boyfriend is taking a nap.
Okay, don't worry about it, Elaine.
And I'm glad if somebody gets upset that he pooped in this room twice, it was all your idea.
Okay, Elaine, just make sure that everybody knows it was Elaine at Tor's idea.
Yeah.
Yeah, during my dog back, okay?
Dognapper?
We have an open line in Dade County, 7519463.
She wouldn't give tiny a big kiss, but the nose gets in the way.
For Lauderdale.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
This is Curtis here.
Hey, Curtis.
I got two dogs here, and they're both males, and they really like each other.
Really?
They remind you a little bit of you.
Yeah, okay.
It's a little bit.
Up your his pal.
That'll be next.
Open line and Broward, 524 Curtis is a slime ball.
Don't trap the soap too, by the way, Curtis.
You know, he showers with the guys, dogs.
Oh, let's go to Miami.
Whoops, sorry about that, Miami.
Miami?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
It's you.
What's going on with Greg Dadeau?
What's going on with him?
Yeah.
Tune in Monday morning.
I think you'll find out, like, goodbye.
Okay.
Is that it?
Well, do you have any insight information?
That's the inside info.
New format change, radio mix.
That's the four-year rumors.
Okay.
Okay, good luck to you.
Okay.
In fact, he's called in twice already today.
I'll bet out of shape.
Exactly.
Who has the longer nose?
Tiny or Elaine?
It's not even a contest.
Tiny is embarrassed.
He's turning red-faced.
There's an opening in date.
You won't get on the year.
7519-463.
Here's a mobile on I-95.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, one thing I tell you, first is my butt.
What's that, sir?
I've noticed on every bit of work that's done on the highways,
even on the small roads.
I've noticed on Miami Avenue behind Brickle,
they have to have like a floor-to-highway patrol sitting in his car.
Yeah.
Watching it.
Have you noticed that?
Yes, sir.
I sure have.
Well, it keeps him out of trouble.
It keeps him from writing you any tickets.
I guess crack dealers like that too, huh?
Yes, sir.
Oh, well.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Pretty boring, pal.
That's all I can tell you.
I'm putting my carts away.
Okay.
That's the way I feel about it.
Did we get the asshole song in this hour briefly?
Okay.
Let's make sure this runs in a promo on Monday.
Okay.
Well, that was tight.
You notice we got to write up to the intro?
Excellent.
So next time on the 10 o'clock hour on Monday morning,
we'll have the very beginning of the song for you very briefly.
Okay.
Goodbye, Elaine.
Say goodbye.
Your old, your geriatric boyfriend's waiting for his new
geratol feeding.
146 at WIOD.
If you have visitors in town and by Elaine, have a nice life.
If you have visitors in town this weekend and you're looking for a night of
excitement, entertainment, which everybody's going to enjoy, then plan to visit
two, Pompe no Park.
Get the whole family out there.
Kids 17 and under always welcome admitted free to the grandstand when accompanied by a parent.
And make your plans not to join the gang from our 610 Pompe no Harness
Racing stable Monday night.
Christmas list goes in the 11th race.
Why do they keep doing that?
On a weeknight no less, okay?
The 11th race.
Not the 8th of the 9th race.
The 11th race.
I just got through telling them it's too late.
You try to squeeze too much milk out of a turnip, okay?
Anyway, he'll be in the 11th race and he's got the 5 hole again this week in a 7-horse field
against Wolok just say so.
Trenton's breeze.
Wolley's Raja glowing tribute and Kiwasaki on the far outside.
With a $5,400 person at race to win by Christmas list would put his earnings over the $19,000 mark.
So members of our stable, be sure and bring your horse owners past free club admission that night.
And of course you can watch the NCAA finals on the TV monitors throughout the track.
And if you're in the clubhouse on your own little table side TV, okay?
And don't forget also next Wednesday bring your 610 WIOD pass for free admission for the final light of the opening round
of the drivers championships as Don Harmon goes against John Hogan.
Pompano Harness.
Nightly Monday through Saturday free parking till 630 and post time every night at 730.
We'll see you soon, maybe tomorrow night at Pompano Park.
This is the most disgusting thing I've ever done in my life.
See you, Meg.
Oh, there she goes again.
149 WIOD.
What a frantic day this has been.
Okay, he had tiny just relax.
It's almost over.
That's how I feel every day about this time too, tiny just relax.
I know you want to cry.
That's exactly the way I feel.
How's Ron doing by the way up there?
Hey, Warner, you're in a bagway with the last song Greg Judo will be playing on Waxi.
And a drag.
When you baby in the middle of the year.
Okay, that's either a commentary on his last song or the way he's dressing Monday morning.
Let's go to Palm Beach Garden, shall we?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
Wonderful, sir.
Oh, excellent.
I've got one thing I have to get off my chest so to speak.
Yeah?
I've got a big, ugly lump.
Well, I'll say this, but I got to pull over by a storm trooper up here.
And I got ticketed because my temporary tack had fallen out of the window.
It was partially taped.
I got a $35 ticket.
Oh, man, I'm telling you.
I think they're harassing the public is what they're doing, sir.
They're not enforcing the law.
They're harassing the public.
They are terrorizing our pathetic, meaningless little lives.
And I think they're getting paid commission on everything.
I guarantee him.
Well, I just want to tell officers strictly.
And I think you're a big brain fart and Neil, you rule.
Exactly.
Have a great life.
You too.
Boy, these pigs out there, man, I'm telling you.
I would, wouldn't you be embarrassed?
I bet you, I mean, there is a certain mentality.
I've always said this.
There are some good police officers somewhere, some down here, few.
But we got a lot of these guys all over the country.
I mean, the thing in L.A. why is that coming to big surprise?
The reason a lot of these people want to wear the uniform and have the badge and a gun
is so they can act out their prejudices and hatreds and macho or whatever it is against everybody else.
I'm the hot shot man.
I got the club in the gun and I'm going to beat their living crap out of you, man, because I'm the law.
I'm Mr. macho.
Can't ask my macho.
Me or Curtis, that's the question.
And that's what's going on out there.
So all this crap about, oh gee, it's just, you know, I said before.
And I have to say that because I got to believe that a lot of officers don't want to have to do this with the tickets and sitting with the radar and the vasscar and all this other crap.
And I'm sure that there are many who don't.
But boy, there are a lot of them who just love it because it's easy.
It's like shooting a fish in a barrel.
There's a very little danger in it, especially in broad daylight.
Sitting out there under the overpass or over the underpass or wherever the hell are doing, passing it with their radar gun.
The one thing I will say I was pleased to see was either yesterday or Wednesday and I was damn happy to see it.
And I mentioned this a few days ago.
I'm going home. I think it was yesterday.
And on 82nd Street where that school zone is, they had a whole bunch about four or five assholes pulled over who were going zippin' by their 30, 40 miles an hour in a 15 mile an hour school zone.
Now that's where they should enforce it, okay?
Here are these poor little kids like little five and six and eight year old kids trying to cross the street there.
And some of you people go flying by there like you're on your way to the Grand Prix.
Slime balls.
So that's where they ought to be.
And yesterday, thank goodness they were in a right and fast and furious and how will you do them and screw all the other ones.
Right Ron?
Hey Warner, you're an actually franchise way.
Have a great weekend everyone.
W-I-O-D.
See you Ron. Bukingham's a good ponderous.
153 at W-I-O-D. Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale, shall we?
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey I got two questions for you.
What kind of a phone is that? Have you got it like tied around your neck?
What's that?
That phone sounds real muted.
I don't know what happened.
I don't know.
Anyway, where's the tailgate party at down there on Sunday?
The tailgate party on Saturday and Sunday is at the North Parking Lot.
Okay.
North Parking Lot.
Hey listen, the pro mode that you need to get is you need to have bomb stuff we're cutting the cheese for you there.
That'll go on a Roger show.
We could have that on Monday.
See ya.
See ya.
See ya Neil.
154.
Boy there was something important I was going to mention.
Boy what the hell was it?
Something like life and death that I got to mention before we get out of here?
What the hell was it?
Oh man I just had a little tip of my thing and it slipped away.
We got the tailgate parties.
We got the ball games.
We got the NCAA's tomorrow night in the final on Monday.
We got Christmas list at Pompa no Monday night.
Oh I know what it was.
It was about our friend of Dick and Tater lost.
So what does that mean?
I better sit around here for a couple of minutes just in case.
George tells me he got a call about ten minutes to two from a hopelessly lost.
Rick Riley who's out there somewhere in his car.
Wait was that him?
No.
Desperately searching for the date counter youth fair and not finding it yet.
And of course, suds he could get lost inside his living room without any help.
So I guess and what was he and then he got cut off in his great mobile phone.
Did he say that the other day that the batteries were running down and he called in?
That happened when he was stuck by the bridge and he said I lost and I was it.
Is that him?
The land of the lost ladies and gentlemen.
I don't believe this.
I've been here a billion times and I've lost.
Yeah.
Just play that for about another half hour we please.
Where are you?
I say I'm lost and you say where am I?
Yeah.
I don't know.
So let me give me a general idea like in Monroe County.
Where the hell are you?
I can smell the pizza.
No that's from over here.
No that's Flagler Street.
I just passed Flagler I'm on a hundred and seven.
But I remember just getting off the turnpike and whipping around and you're there.
You're whipping it around?
And I've been to the highway patrol office and I've been to the highway patrol office and I've been to the highway patrol office.
Oh, geez.
This is so great.
I'm just looking for a bridge to get stuck behind.
We knew you could do it.
Yeah, well thanks.
Now what about that thing with Roger censoring my promos?
Don't you have something to say about that?
I play the thing again.
Play what thing?
Jerk Jerk.
Yeah right.
Okay.
Is that disgusting that the morning audience on our station is too sensitive and the too old and geriatric are disgusting?
They have our promos being put.
We have to have some self-appointed censoring our promos.
We don't play their promos because I'm trying to keep people awake in the afternoon.
Wow.
That was Rick Rally who said that he used to work here.
Thank you very much.
Hi, he used to work here.
Hi, he's the first wheel.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Oh, you must be in Daytona.
Oh man, this has been the worst I've gone through $9 in tolls.
Well let me ask you, actually, so I guess I better sit here and make sure that such is there, huh?
I better hang around a minute.
You would?
So how long, when are you going to get there?
What is he going to do?
I see a ferris wheel.
I don't know.
What does he ever do?
Well what does that mean?
You see a ferris wheel.
Don't you understand that then when you get there you have to find the exhibitionist center.
Oh, I know.
Well, at least I've got a phone.
You know, I can do this while I'm walking around.
Yeah.
Get some feed.
Oh, that's not what you're going to do to show by yourself.
Oh, do you?
We just potted up the remote.
Hold on.
Okay.
Yeah, the studs is there.
Okay, he's safe so I can leave.
You can go home.
I just heard they're all saying, oh, the studs is going to do the show by himself.
He's gloating about it.
He's all excited.
He loves it.
He gave me direction.
Yeah, I heard he loves it, but that's an investor.
Well, my dog's barking.
I got to go.
Well, I've enjoyed you and Tidy today and great weekend.
Well, he's working weekends.
Goodbye, Randy.
Yeah.
Have a good time.
See ya.
Boy, boy.
Listen to that.
Hey, studs.
SUDs.
Can you hear us?
They got a speaker out there.
SUDs.
Maybe you can put this on.
What?
How you doing?
Hey, what did he say?
I missed that.
He said he's in Daytona Beach and having a hell of a time.
He said you're going to have one great show today.
Well, he's better off than I am.
I don't even know where I am.
He said he just saw a Ferris wheel and then it turned out it was a sign that said Ferris State College.
That's in Michigan, I think.
What'd you do?
You give him directions, huh?
Yeah.
Well, I think that it worked out pretty well, huh?
Excellent.
Well, listen, have a good time to lounge.
Lines sounds great.
You got a crowd of wonderful living people out there.
Just do it.
The hell with him.
Scrum.
That's right.
It's just a parade of sausages and elephant ears out here.
How about the people?
Listen, have a, I know.
Have a great time, SUD.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Okay.
Look at that.
We got him on the air.
He's out there.
Thank God for that.
Because my dog cannot stand another five minutes, believe me.
He has had a pressure pack day.
Literally, pressure pack.
You know, seriously, people who are, I mean, I eat, okay.
But Rich, he doesn't just eat.
He like eats for a living.
Some people live for, I don't know how you would say it.
He just lives to eat.
And he's sitting there in an amazement.
And he says, boy, that dog is just packing it away.
Well, a dog is only eating what he's putting on the floor for him, okay.
And he's shoveling meat balls and sausages.
You think it was clemenza making the spaghetti and Godfather.
So shoveling it all on the floor.
And of course, the dog being a glutton and a piece of crap is eating everything he puts down there.
And then all of a sudden, like when Andy came in here and stepped in the desert,
we had a real mystery, right?
Like, how come he did that?
I wonder.
Don't take any crap from them, Tiny.
You just dish it out.
But you dish it out, but you can't take it, right?
Well, listen, have a wonderful weekend, a great holiday, Easter, Paisas, Tisha Bob, whatever you're celebrating.
Enjoy the ball games tomorrow night, Sunday afternoon.
We're going to get ourselves a major league baseball in this Godforsaken town.
Have a wonderful time at the track at Gulf Stream today and tomorrow and Sunday and pop it over the weekend.
And Johnny Dark have a great holiday and a wonderful show for a change.
And loving kisses to you too and kiss this.
And don't forget to tell you, and Chuck Meyer, I'm sorry my dog hates you, but he's not into the pirates.
And did we cover all the bases today?
I think we did it.
Don't forget now, live from the youth fair, it's the Tater show without Dick.
And then we got to Josie Gackie and Sonny Hirsch on Sports Talk at 605.
And then a show that a lot of people around town, especially the sports guys from the other TV stations,
have been waiting for our Betcha Kaplan, like it to, and Ed Moynihan, I love it.
Larry Holmes, former heavyweight boxing champion of the world, ladies and gentlemen,
uses Hank Goldberg as a human punching bag from 8 to 11 tonight exclusively on your sports obnoxious and intensive stage.
610 WIOD, and Andy, before you go to the satire, wipe off your shoes, please.
