Oh, seven at WIOD. Welcome to our Monday morning party party
Whichever fits and a delicious salad at somebody left here. I wonder where this is from
Anyway, here's a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Oh, hi Neil. Uh-huh. I'm
Home because I have the flu today and normally I listen to you on the way home at lunch time
Everybody's got it today, huh? Yeah, and you're just great. I am from
a little low porch country Atlanta. Yes. Well, I'll be dang
But when I get down here, I found your station. You found a real radio station? Yes. Yes. They're
kinder and gentler up there. They're looking like a bunch of backwards yaw-hoo's up there, aren't they?
But I love it and I love Rick and S. Well, that's great. And listen at the
Yaw football thing last weekend was great. Yeah, it was great. Oh, it's the best that draft. But but Neil,
You please play that jeopardy thing about those chickens. Oh, the chicken jeopardy. Yes, that is so great. Is it great?
Yes, and stay great here. Well, everything's great. Okay.
And you're great to see him. She's great. That's great. That is great.
I just just just passed the gallstone. Oh, that's great. Oh
boy. I just popped a hemorrhoid. That's great. Hey, one thing. She's a happy lady. Okay?
Okay, that gave me time to get in the machine. Oh, no, that's a kitten's deputy on your host.
Alex, for beef. We move on now to double jeopardy. Penny, you had the low score at the end of the last round.
Choose a category please. Extra terrestrials for 200. It makes strange noises in the chicken
coop late at night. Yes, boneless. Frank Purdue, no. Cajun. No, what is a poultry guy?
A poultry guy. Penny, you still have control of the board. To beak or not to beak for 600.
He was the star of the Omen. Boneless. Correct. We'll return with my only chicken jeopardy
where the category will be choking the pecker right after this. Okay, it's 11.09. See, I love the
way he says poultry guy. And the whole ambiance of that series of bits that they did because that's
the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life. And all these suits sit around. Oh, yeah, I knew that.
Yeah, poultry guy. You know, it's for a pseudo intellectuals who have no who have a very low
opinion of themselves and justifiably so anyway, where the hell is that information from Poppano Park
Dammit? We got a whole bunch of people out there who hate me like poison who are listening right
now wondering when they're going to get the info on how many people shared in the pot from Christmas
list winnings and how much they're going to get. And as I left there on Saturday night is they were
all clawing and grabbing at my body parts and I said, I'll have it on a year for you Monday. Where is
it? Let's go. Let's get with it. I probably nobody over there. They're all going out to to lunch.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hi Neil. Hi. I'm a first time caller.
Great. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know I quit listening if you're so about a year ago when you
started writing on Joan Love It all day. Oh my god. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't understand it and I
can't understand it even more when you have somebody wonderful to write on like Diana Morgan on
channel six. I think she's awful. She is awful. But Joan Love It needs a face job. No, that's not true.
She needs new face. Well, at least she's got good news and she doesn't. She has good nose? No,
news. No, that's a lane editor with a good nose. No news. But at least she's a hell of a lot better
than Diana Morgan. Well, whatever you say. That's like saying she looks better than Ann. You know,
I mean, so does my grandma. And she's been dead 20 years. Wow. So what else is going on? I agree
with you about Get a Life. I think that's horrible show. And my fiance loves it. And I think he's
a jock size. I'll tell him you said that. Actually, he's listening right now. So well, he knows. He
can relate to it. Yeah. Probably too many showers with Mandage. Well, listen, have a great day and
put you up. Okay. See you. It's 11 after 11 at WIOD and we have two. Oh, by the way,
speaking of Channel 7 news, the big news. I don't know how we could have left this out so long.
Rick Sanchez has been promoted. Isn't that incredible? Well, if he hits another couple of guys
and they're going to make him the owner, going to give him the station. Seriously, he's been promoted
from his 530 and 630 anchor post opposite Joan. I love it. See how this off its in on his show?
Two, the main five and six PM newscasts right alongside veteran Sally Fitz.
Oh boy. And if Sally Fitz does don't know and his Dave game. But we'll find out. Boy, what
I it's like revolving chairs on those newscasts. You know, the same bunch of silly people over and
over again. Nobody gives a crap anyway. There are two open lines. I'll say to get in brown.
We're on a very, very ponderous Monday 524 WIOD. We're still waiting for the word from
pop it. Oh, just in case you hadn't heard in the last two minutes or so that we don't know yet.
We're still waiting for the article by Tom Jicke and Juan Carlos Cotex about those ratings.
We're still waiting for our sales department to wake up. But let's do a little
bit. Should we do a break just to see if there were paying any attention? We're here at point.
Kind of sounds like it's chicken Monday, doesn't it? 1115 to WIOD spinging of that Alan J. Finkelson,
a legend in the harness racing business. Is that on the phone? Yes, sir? I have the count for you.
Well, thank God. I just got it. The only answer. We depend under garments. We have to rest up.
You know, yeah, I know. Well, here we are. So does my wallet. Yeah, I know. I put it in the freezer.
If you lost, it's not because of me. It is because of you. Hey, I'm hiding from you. Robert
Cleiner is still he was there sat the night. Good. He's hiding from you. Great. And I'm hiding
from somebody. Okay, let's get those numbers. These people hide from 18 people. That's not bad.
Comes out to $50.54 and 40 cents. The checks will be mailed out. No, week to 10 days.
They don't have the call here. We do have their addresses. It will be mailed out. There was an
excellent promotion. Thanks to you, sir. Sure was. Just a laviano who owned the horse and,
uh, it's you did predict if he did win, your prediction would have been right on the nose of 25,000.
Right. But he's tired. He raised about no, he's not tired. Tommy Houghton parked him a quarter in
27.3. Don't tell me he's tired. He's tired now after that race. You bet. Well, he's tired. And so
you and I now rest your pocketbook up for, uh, May 24. I know you love quarter horses. And you'll
eat in the cafeteria with exactly. I love him just as much as you do. That's correct. Right.
Right. Love you for everything. Okay, Alan. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. 418 winners.
$54.40 cents. Now that may not sound like much, but at the metal lands, they got about 27 bucks.
A piece and they started that promotion with symbols. Yankatron. As in Yank this, and we did okay. It
was a great promotion. It was a lot of fun. Excitement. We had a lot of people out there. 418
diehards who came every time Christmas list raised and they're rewarded with $54.40 cents. Would
you all to pay for their parking? It was great. Next year we'll do it right. Next year we'll get a
horse that makes about 10 million. And I get half. It's 1117 at WIOD. The Palm Beach line is open. We
reopened it by the way. There was somebody on there and they dropped off. Thank God. Boy,
they're probably out there writing swastikers on walls right now. Hollywood. Hey, hello. Yes, sir.
What's up? Now I'm a first time caller. Great. I got a support for your idea of saying that,
you know, the States are becoming a police state. A couple of weeks ago, I mean, my girlfriend
are at the beach. And you know, we're just sitting there, we're eating. We got some take-off
from McDonald's. And this pig comes up, you know, he says, may I see your identification?
For what? I don't know. I asked him the same question. He says, well, I don't have to tell you,
you know, I don't have to tell you what he said. Yeah, but, um, you know, he called me a
putt in front of my girlfriend. Are you serious? Yeah, I'm dead serious. He's like, he said, I don't have
to tell you. Yeah, you know, I mean, I can't tell you know, I'm a taxpayer. Unbelievable. Why
did you say what the hell do you want? You fascist Nazi pig? I want to, but you know, I know. He's like,
you know, he searched the car. He searched the purse. Yeah, probably strip search your girlfriend too.
Yeah, and they wonder why they get shot, you know, exactly. You know, um, they wonder why the
public is sick and tired of being harassed by this fascist police state that we have out there.
And then we're supposed to say the police officer is your friend, right? Right. You know what I mean?
It's, it's such bomb like you, you know, they have to public fool in the believing. And we're paying
their goddamn salary right now out there waiting in the bushes and coming around and harassing
people so they can act out there much or whatever their fantasies. And I told them that says, well,
you know, I pay your taxes. I don't care. The city pays my taxes. Yeah, right. Like who pays the city?
I tell them to stick right where the **** is so shine. You know what? Exactly. Okay, good luck to you.
Okay. I also want to call someone a major douchebag. Yeah. Nick Navarreau, you're a major douchebag.
A major ****ing douchebag. Absolutely. You're a great American now. See you.
Right. 20 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD.
And one in Palm Beach. You don't think Joey's going to show up. Do you? I sure hope not.
Oh God of all days. It's kind of a smart me day to begin with. Kind of a sleazy day.
Yeah, exactly. Here's a lady in Miami who says nothing who's gone. She's gone.
The lady in Miami on three is gone. Hello. Hello.
What a ****. Do you believe that? Was she on her a long time? I did. She was on her a long time.
Was she under the age of a hundred? Or was she some old bag? George, was she an old bag? No.
Well, we're very sorry. Okay. I know you have a very busy life. Probably got another customer
at the door right now, huh? 20 after 11 at WIOD. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah. Hi. How are you? We did not hang up on us. Thank goodness for you.
No. And I'm definitely under a hundred. Good. And I want to wish someone who is also under a hundred.
Happy birthday and say Michael Cohn. You're not a douchebag. Okay. Okay. That was sweet.
That was sweet, wasn't it? Yeah. I hope he's listening. Okay. Me too. Okay. See you. Thanks. Bye.
Now that was short and sweet and right to the point. No beating around the bush. No phone
a preliminary. She just got right out there and did it. Okay. No radio four play with her.
We have an open line in date. I'm going to keep punching these numbers all day because it's
Monday. We're doing fair for Monday. Not too bad. But Mondays are usually just a
hernia inducing day awful. And there's one in Broward at 5249463 Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, Neil. Yeah.
This is Chris. I just got back from Vegas. Hey, Chris. How was it? Good. I took your advice.
I went to Powell station and punched my brains out and boss. Really? What are you going to do?
Remove Vegas. Don't hold your breath. I don't even know what we're doing. Our cubs remote. These people,
they they are so non-communicado. This outfit. I saw Mike Tichello, our friend from Midway Airlines,
driving up the street one day last week. He was leaving here and I was leaving. He honked the
horn and waved and he gave me that your number one symbol. Yeah, the little finger. Right. But
other than that, I have no idea when we're going to Chicago or if we're going to nothing, they just
sit back and that's it. Try to get away with spending as little as possible and that's the way it goes.
Yeah, well, nice talking to you. I just wanted to call my girlfriend at douchebag. Okay, Chris.
Definitely. You're at douchebag. Good luck to him. Okay. I don't know when we're going. People
calling all the time. When are you going to Chicago? I don't know. They tell me nothing. I hear nothing.
They tell me nothing. They offer no information. They're too busy with these 85 billion of these
silly jock sniffing remotes that they do between the draft and all this other silly crap.
That they lose money on by the way. I know we made a lot of money. Yeah, right. I'd like to see
how much money we make on the sports department. Okay. I'd love to see it. I want to see it in black
and white. Okay, Joe. Right now. Now. I want to see it right on the table. Slime ball.
Let's take a call from a lady in Miami. Hello.
Go on again. How is that possible? She just called, right? She just called. Yes. Hello. Yes. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes.
Yes. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
There's some bitch on the phone here and she won't speak. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Put the bitch on hold. Okay. Two open lines in Broward 524 WYOD. Here's a mobile pick report on 7.
Hello. Hello. Yeah. We got a pick report. Yeah. Yeah. It says that 10 of them on 57 to have
any of the palm that up. Wow. 10 to 5 on each side. Unbelievable. Yeah. We can be in the general pick
emergency here in Miami. Are they earning their pay today or what? They got to. They got 10 of them out.
They pay up the helicopter out there every day on real. Unreal. I just like to call a friend of mine to
doos bag. Dale Kate to the doos bag. Okay. All right. Thank you. Wow. 24. Oh, y'all done, Jay.
Great job. Got it done fast today, huh? Probably got to go spend that money at the dog track.
Matt and he is tomorrow. Two open lines in Broward still. We're just dying over here. 524 9463 524 WYOD. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello.
Hello.
Sally, what are you doing? Oh, there it goes. Hold on, Sally. She's getting ready for Rick.
Open line in the Broward 524 WYOD. Miami on the Palm Beach line.
Okay. They sound pretty good. What? They sound good. Who does? Can you hear me? Hello. Hello.
How about in that fancy? What line was she on? She's still on there. She's on one.
We got Dan, I tell her to listen up. Yeah, and she's taken up that deadline that makes you have to
call on the Palm Beach line. How do you like that? I'm going to work anyway. So I figured, you know,
exactly what are you doing? I get a long distance call here, you know. I started to track
Pompano, their Saturday. Christmas list puking down the stretch at her. Well, what kind of damn?
I had a box in the triple, though. So I and with another three other ones. So if that matters,
it was pretty weak payoff. You had a box with three others. Yeah.
I like to ask you 24 bucks. I know. It was a weak payoff to pay off. How much did it pay?
It paid 112. I got half of it. Well, what's wrong with that? Well, I was, you know,
there were only six horses. I felt like pretty weak. You don't understand. Yeah.
When there's only six horses, how much is it going to pay? If you were the horses,
the smaller it's going to pay. Yeah, but I mean, it was nice. You want to see a small payoff,
the race that Mr. Steincached with Talbot Bandit with Walter Ross. And Mike Dieters came second
with a four horse. There was a 13 to one and a 20 to one shot. And the perfected paid only
$214.00 and the triple paid about a thousand. It should have paid 6,000. Talk about a smelly payoff
in that race. That's crap. Yeah. God damn it. Give me the phone number, Neil. Exactly. Hey, they're all gone.
They all left town. You can't get Walter Ross now too late. Oh, man. You got your money.
Hey, I want and the Chicago. You like Midway, Neil?
Did Beatser Hallot over here? I like Midway. I like Midway a lot of time. It's great.
This must be Mike DeCello. It is. I knew how you doing. Tell that bitch in the
mind of the line to get off the line. Is this Mike? Oh, yes. No, it's not. It's not.
This is just, can I listen for a while? You don't have a nasal voice to be Mike DeCello.
This is Mike DeCello. Hey, Mike. Yeah. Hey, don't hold on Mike. 27 after 11 at WYOD.
She's still tying up that line on one. That bitch in heat on one. Hello.
Hello. See if you can get her to say it every now and then it kind of helps.
Hello. Hello. Okay, let's go to, let's go to a break. Okay. Boy, we're getting way behind here.
Not really. 28 after 11 on 610 WYOD or hysterical station for the 90s. We got Rick and
SUDs and Buffalo Bob and some howdy duty between two and six this afternoon sports talk with
Jolton Joe, Mr. Expense. Mr. We're dying over here from all the expense that sports department
builds up over here. I'm telling you, all those basketball games from, from Diamond Head and all
those other frivolous trips around the world. We can't even make one trip to a Vegas. Okay,
for one week on this high rated, high-a-page show where we bring in all this revenue.
And a sports department continues draining and draining. It's like a massive, high-calonic.
28 after 11 at WYOD and we'll be right back. Okay, it's 11 32. There is nothing worse than a guy
who comes in after his team wins a couple of games by Big Score and has been hot for a week,
which is about all it's been, and start trying to rub your nose in it. Chuck Meyer comes in here
swinging an imaginary baseball bat with a big smile on his face. I got news for you. We got Elaine
at Taurus nose in my house and I'm going to rub her nose in it all day long and then it's going
to be what you think it is either. Something my big dog left in the backyard is kind of a surprise gift
for Elaine. South Miami. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to ask you, it's not real, it's not a request,
but I just want, no, no, it's not a request. I swear, it's not a request. You're right. I want to make
us a suggestion for the return of a listen to you for about two years, a suggestion for a return
of an old favorite. It's not a, it's not a, it's not a, that's good. I'll give you, I'll give you a clue
of what it used to be, what used to be an old feature of your show, but, but I would like, I would
call up when I would go, W, a, R, M, F. Remember the old lightning round? Forget it. What happened?
Forget it. Why? Audience killed it. Yeah, but it's time to, you know, it's been dead for a while and
I've kind of been hearing some grumbling about maybe you should be hearing some rumbling.
Some grumbling. I think it's probably bad grits. I think it, I think it, I think it,
1133 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward, 524 and two in date. We're just fumbling our way
along, just trying to kill another Monday, boy, and I think some of the audience here, they're
butchering it. 751 WIOD in date. Nobody gives a crap about anything anymore. You know what I'm
saying? They don't care. In different oblivious. I think everybody should be on a phone to Tom
jickid, the sunset and the last game where the hell is his story about the ratings and especially
Rick and Sudson. I've rate they didn't kick ass in the afternoon in the spite of all of his crap.
I think everybody ought to start standing up for yourselves and stopping a bunch of whims, okay?
That's the problem in this world. We got a bunch of followers and a bunch of whims running around
with hair grown out of their cheek with a hole cut out in their ass. That's what's wrong with the
world. Carol city. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Listen, how about the pirates, man?
They're kicking some wood. Yeah. Bond, but he advanced flight, man. They're tearing it up. Yeah.
Anyway, now the cops will start coming to do. No, we won't. Forget about it. Why do you have to go
through this whole agonizing routine? Isn't it enough that I said the cops suck? I admit it.
But that isn't enough for you know, how about those pirates screw the pirates? How do you like that, sir?
Well, what they do on their own time is enough to do it. In addition to which, let me say this to you,
two after all these high paid primadamas on the pirates art back next year, they better do it this
year. What are they going to do next year? Play in the three eye league? Forget it. This is the
job suck. Okay. We bite the big one. We stink. I'm tired of excuses. We play like crap. They make me nauseous.
True. But I still love them, right? But they suck. How about the mienke? What the hell are you
eating in there now? George sucking out of a thing? What is that? Soup. Soup from where?
From home. All from home. Didn't bring me any soup. Neil. Peace among. Yes, sir. How about the mienke? What kind of soup is it?
Ramen. What is it? Ramen. Ramen?
You know, they're talking about soup, not religion. What is it now? The Yankees stink too. Sir,
do you have anything to say except how about them pirates? How about them cubs? How about the mienke?
Why don't you say something constructive? Like how about those tigers? Yeah, right. Okay. I think
this is both burned, sent back, and uh, parking innocent. Good thinking. Have a great life. It's
1136 at WIOD. We have two open lines. They're both in Broward in the day, whatever the LAR 751 WIOD.
Lora is running around frantically looking for that copy, which is not existent. Oh,
we got a cute story about that too from our crack sales department. I guess we can't call it that
anymore since one of our sales people departed. We used to call it the crack sales department.
Anyway, let's take a call from Papano. Hello. Hey, man, you're great, man. I was just driving home
from school and switching around the channel. Come on. Don't tell me you just discovered this show by
Oh, yeah. All I got to say to you, sir, is okay. This isn't the sports final on Channel 4. Okay,
we have a delay. It could sound like he's um going nuts in that car, huh? Is he in a car?
In one hand on the wheel. I think he was sitting on the other one. He's all right.
23 tell noona WIOD. Here's a mobile in Miami speaking of in the car. Yeah, I'm doing okay.
For that, I think I look very familiar there. Yeah, we had to give him the old he's holding.
I was waiting for the old people to come out. The Dow is up 15 and a half points. Aren't you impressed?
I can't wait. Thank you very much. Let me give you one back. Back on you. Hey, Niddle. Yeah.
I think the Tigers are going to slip on by everybody. Yeah, they're slipping it all right. They're
slipping it to their fans. Real quietly. Well, you can tell it's Monday here. It's uh oh,
man. Yeah, people are adjusted there. But I will say this usually I get pissed off about this
because Monday I come in. I feel fine. I'm ready to do a show and the whole world is like in a
coma. I'm in a coma today. So it fits in great. That's why we're having a good time.
There's no, there's no problems here. If the food fits, where it in real quick, people had
buried bikes. This is Tony A. Yeah, I mean, we're going to check the back right break because it's
squeaks a little. Okay. All right, check this later. No, 22 till noon at WIOD. We have an
open line on a star line. Now listen, for that punk kid that called it before in the rare likelihood
and it's not too likely that that was a legitimate call. You can say anything you want, but you
can't say this show is ingrate. Okay, you can say the show sucks. You can get away with that.
But if you're going to say this show is ingrate, you got a real problem. I don't have a problem,
but the FCC, all those bureaucraticals, farts up there in Washington to sit around with their
finger up their butt, they have a big problem. Okay, because they have nothing more important to do
than be the word police in this damn fascist state that we live in. With a bunch of pigs and uniforms
in heat out there writing tickets like it's going out of style because we're paying them to protect
this from the murderers and the rapists and the arsonists and the drug peddlers and so on. They can't
do that, but they can sure write those tickets, can't they? I almost said they can write those god damn
tickets. Here's a nice lady in plantation. Hello, Neil. Hi. How are you? Okay. Okay, yes, a lady
in plantation with a cold. Oh, everybody's got it. But other than the cold, I am really
steamed at WIOD. What did we do now? Oh, sports intensive WIOD, the whole gang of us wait
to Sunday afternoon for white fox and the Yankee game. What does WIOD put on that crappy Randy Martin?
Are you serious? Are you serious? Yes. She was on yesterday? Yes. And I, that's, I listened to WIOD
until 11 o'clock every single day. Oh, no. I'm not Randy Martin. The game. I'm sorry, I'm a lady,
but I was really pissed off. Yes, I listened to Jeff DeForest and more. Can't see DeForest for the
trees, right? By the way, you didn't hear Dave in the graveyard on Saturday morning. Oh, man,
there's nothing worse than a guy who is not funny trying to be a comedian. He was playing
every cart in the room, trying to be funny. I was so embarrassed for him that I was just grabbing
myself. I just couldn't believe it. Yeah, well, I was grabbing myself yesterday afternoon. I had
WIOD's management here. Oh, yeah. You grabbed that? We've been a whole gang who listened to this,
even for my 11-year-old granddaughter right on up. We all different ages. They put that damn
Randy Martin on yesterday afternoon. I could have taken my radio and spoiling him against the wall.
I don't blame him. I was really p-oed. Well, let's have a big billboard campaign never again.
It could be our slowest. Yeah, I mean, it's about sports, intensive sports, intensive, and who
they put on? Randy. Exactly. I couldn't believe it. It was pretty bad. You want people to say what
they think? Yeah, it's funny that we're over here blowing you a lane into his nose and it's not
even a test to her face anymore. It's incredible. You know what I see? It's like something that one of
those slight of handguys would do. Well, I hope when she puts the nose back on, she doesn't run
upside down, which was drowned out in the showers. Like senior wensers. Anyway, have a great day. We'll
try not to do it again. Okay, Neil. Great listening to you. See you. Boy, how does she really
feel about Randy? That's the question. It's 1141 at WIdee. Anybody else here, a week magazine,
this Saturday morning with Dave in the Graveline? Oh, man. There is nothing more embarrassing and
more humiliating than what? Why couldn't he just do it? Straight face, the deadpan, just be a voice,
which is all he is, and stop trying to be a personality and a comedian. Oh, God, I was so embarrassed
for this often embarrassed radio station. I was plotting in the car. I was on a way to the market.
I just was puking all over the steering wheel. I just couldn't get a grip on it.
We have an open line in Broward 524WIdee. The audience is, I'd say about semi-comatose now. They're
coming out of it. Here's a mobile in Miami. I got a pick report for you. Another one? Another one. Man.
I got it on par metal in between 57,000 to 167,000. They're in heat. Yep. I guess so. Boy, was my
prediction right today, sir? Yep. It's the 29th of the month. They got a gigantic quota to fill
and they're just out there harassing the public like there's no tomorrow. They have nothing better to do.
Yes, sir. All right. Take it easy. Thank you, public. Great American. It's 1142 at WIOD. We have an
open line in Dave. We're pretty ticked off about this harassment. It's got nothing to do with law
enforcement. It's called harassment. Horace. That's what it is. They're harassing the public and we're
tired of it. We've had it. A bunch of disgusting porkers. Yeah. And you wonder why the public just cringes
every time they see somebody in uniform. Used to be, oh, the policeman is your friend. Is your
buddy? If you're in trouble, call a cop. Now you see a cop coming, man. You're, you're florid. Anything
to get away from them. Now, what is that? A different lady now? Or is that the same one? I'm one.
Hello. Hello. Hi. Neil. Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to say I'm in Coral Gables now. And I was driving through
cooking a grove. Yeah. And all on South Bay Shore. Watch out. Be worst of the worst Coral Gables police
police station. Well, right by monies. So be careful. Well, I'm telling you, I think that if anybody
wants to rob a bank today, it's a hell of a good day to do it. Every cop in Dayton Broward is out there
writing tickets today. It seems like they love red Corvettes and black Mustang. That's who I saw
camp down the side of the road with the car. Incredible. Well, they probably thought it was me in the
vet. They want my ass bad. Believe me. Probably right on Flamenco. I'm telling you, when I left my
house today, right on Flamenco, a road, they've got a van in the median there. And behind the van,
they got two pigs on motorcycles with their radar guns up over the hood. Like Clint Eastwood waiting
for the ambush. I believe it. I believe it's got to fill that quota. Yeah. I just want to call my
boss Michelle douchebag. Okay. As you drive by him again, let him know their number one.
Okay. We'll do. See you. Bye bye. 1143 at WIOD. We have an open line in day 751 pig. Why?
Little did I know when I predicted that at the beginning of the show day, because I saw him
everywhere myself. But little did I realize that there would be out in such massive force. They're
putting their feet down today, man. You can hear the boot stop at all over town. Everybody drive
at least. See if you're driving under the speed limit. If you're over the age of 100, you have no
reflexes and shouldn't be on the road at all. That doesn't count because they don't get any browny
points for that. So they don't give a crap. You can do whatever the hell you want. But if you should
be driving seven eight miles an hour over the speed limit, God help you. Okay. They're going to take away
your driver's license, your car, slap your ass in jail, take away your green card, and your
arbitrarian diary. How do you like that? It's 1144 at WIOD or up station for the 90s and we'll be
right back because they always it still says blank for Rick and suds on a blackboard here. So it could
be joy because it says blank sunrise. Hello. Yes, Neil. Long time caller. First time listener. Uh-huh.
Sorry. The jokes aren't that great week. But you got to realize the people I live around in
sunrise. But uh- We don't want those young people up here. That's so true. Did you see that story
that I just threw in a waste basket that I mentioned earlier? Didn't see it, did you? No. One thing I
wanted to go over with you and you obviously don't care because you just that's why I didn't know
that's okay. I didn't hear it. Okay. Don't worry about it. I threw it away. Uh-like you, I'm also a
met hater. Mm-hmm. I'm from St. Louis and we've always had a great rival with the Cubs. But you know-
people sometimes don't get along. Says Sandy Blach director of senior services and project
coordinator for the Jewish Federation. Traditionally, our Cades bring in the types of people. We don't
want in this area. How do you like that? Amazing. You try to get them all right. When you chase teenagers,
they don't move. Blach said this means they'll go across the street. We don't want to have those
types chased out of our property. In other words, they're living and they're under the age of a
hundred screw. How do you like that in sunrise? Uh-uh. I think we need to get them off the street.
So why not have an arcade? Let's get all the old parts all off the street. How's that? Well,
let's find a- let's find a very accurate- a metamusal cafeteria where they have the
pollident and the metamusal on the table already in about five million pounds of sweet and low for
them to shove in their bag. You imagine how rich it would be if you had the distributor ship and
South Florida for that stuff? Exactly. But uh- you ever think how appropriate it is to have the
metz plan and chase stadium in a town that's called flushing. Mm-hmm. But uh- yeah. You know what
drives me crazy with people calling and they have called- You remind me of Eric Lambert. You know,
you can just see your dying right right before your very eyes. But we only have TV. We could watch
you just dying over there. That's right. I'm pacing. But uh- you know, people call you and they have
call waiting and they go ahead and put you on hold. I'm surprised you don't dump more of those people
or nobody's ever uh- Well, no, you see it's always tantalizing because you figure if they put you
on hold it must be something incredibly important. Mm-hmm. And you want to see like was it the,
you know, the Canadian lottery calling that they just want 15 million because if it is then they might
give you, you know, a couple of bucks. That's a good point. But uh- So when you get your own show,
think about that. That's an idea. Yeah. But uh- what most people don't realize if you pick up the
phone you want to call and you don't be on the air and you don't want to be disturbed,
if you dial the star 7- Yeah, that's no phone. We don't want to do that. We like it to be spontaneous.
We don't like to have all I've contrived crap like they do on some shows. Well, you mean like uh-
No, I don't have any amateurs on the weekend. No, like the amateurs on uh- every day on some stations.
Well, the amateurs that you've been talking about- Don't mention Andy Martin's name again, please.
Okay. Did you buy, did you hear Graveline's Saturday? Just for a little bit. You're the only one in
the audience who will admit it. Oh man, it was the- just gruesome. I mean just desperately try to be
a comedian. He's got a sense of humor like a more tissue. I mean, a man is just not funny, okay?
Well, if he would just sit here and read the uh- info and play his little adeta alive and just,
you know, just play it straight if he gives people a doing that and it would be just fine.
Well, if you're going to do that with him, you can almost say the money and just have, you know,
wrap it off and have your uh- loyal listeners come in and uh- do the work on Saturday.
See ya. You can always tell when they're sniffing around to be. And remember what night
used to go on? Oh god. All those people auditioning to be the sidekick after the bird,
they flew away? Unbelievable. And AirBeeOne was a bigger disaster than the next.
We have two open lines in Broward 524WYOD 5249463. You know, it's interesting. On Tuesdays,
Rick and Sput are now soliciting new collars, which is great because we do like, you know,
get great people in, get them in the habit of calling who are different to new. I'd like to solicit
old collars. You know, a lot of people we haven't heard from at a long time. I don't mean
Pete the Boredop. I am so, Pete, you're a great guy, but get a light, okay? Terminal. Remember
that call Friday? Well, when you go to go back to topics, can we have some time? I got a topic
for a chronic Boredop, so we have no light. But like a Robert. Remember Robert from U of M,
and Alex Jr., and I don't know, they're just a whole bunch of people. Rick, of course,
we'll never hear from him again. And then there was Joey Jr. threatening to come in here one day.
Joey Jr. and Senior, we ought to take up an office pool and see which Joey shows up first.
You notice by the way that Joey Senior is not shown up and will not be here today? I don't think,
he won't show up. He don't have the balls to show up here. Miami, hello. Hello. How you doing?
Great. How are you? I'm doing great. Now, like a pretty decent Monday for Monday.
Yeah, not too bad, not too bad so far. You know, if all those pigs were out there, it probably
would be better for a lot of people. Well, that's why we're getting a lot of calls today, because
everybody is scared spittless, so they're all up at the cars and the garage and they're inside.
They don't dare to go anywhere to them, Tony. I was sitting here remodeling my house. You know,
I lost my job. I used to be an advertising, so I know what you mean about the sales department.
You know, and here I sit there thinking about the pigs out there and we're saying,
the sales people are right. You know, I mean, if they need money, what did they do? They go out
and they stake out behind a van. Is that about right? Yes, sir. You should have seen that scene on
Flamingo Road this morning. One of the most embarrassed, that's the second time I've seen them pull
that crap and they're like hunched over this, this, I don't know what a Jeep or something that's
next to the van and they got their radar guns stuck up the street and their fingers stuck up their
butt and it's just pathetic. It is. You know, and that's the thing that they're really embarrassed
and it's more than that their fingers stuck up each other's butt, which is kind of interesting.
Yeah, you don't know. That's why they're hiding behind that van. Right. Now you're talking.
That's one of my favorite roads. I like to fly in that highway. Yeah. Nice and wide open.
I'm telling you, I go 48, 50 miles. Never go more than that because I just know they're going to be there.
Long as weather's permitting, you know. Oh, yeah, Lane just came in with their new push,
with their new nose. Look at that. Boy. I was reading the paper there and missed something about the
name of the potential. Yeah, we don't discuss that anymore. Well, I had one. I had one. I'm here.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Please. I beg you. Don't do it. Neil, I told him for 15 minutes.
What is it? And nobody mentioned it. And it's one of the, I think it's probably one of the best.
Boy, chop a little. Will you sir stop whimping around? What is it? Oh, it's the Miami Mag Pies.
You know.
1156 at W.I.O.D. We have two open lines in date. Why do you spoil it? And otherwise not to bed call?
Why did he spoil it? I warned him tonight. I said, don't do it. You'll be sorry. We'll all be sorry,
including the audience couldn't control himself. We have two open lines in date. 751. Where's
the upper nylons? Boy, is she looking really bizarre? Well, I mean, it's such a dramatic change.
It's just so drastic. It isn't like it. No, seriously, it's like a different person. You can get
used to it if there was just, you know, just a little subtle change, like most nose drops. But
this is like somebody took a nose off some entirely different person and slapped it on her
pus. It's incredible. But you'll get used to it because she's going to say, are we all good doing
the nose? It's just kind of, wouldn't that be something if they gave her a new nose and she had
like this real nasal? If she sounded like Rick Riley with that real nasal sound.
Anyway, speaking of Rick Riley, the very own Rick and Spud will be along,
the container from 2 to 6 to 7. You can all be children again. Buffalo Bob Smith, howdy,
duty. Is he going to say punk your magic thing? Well, we'll find out. That's from 2 to 6.
Joseph Gackey on sports talk at 605 and the rotisserie show with Hank 8 to 11 tonight.
Okay, and already we've had all kinds of predictions in the building that Rick teamed up with Sally
now is going to be a gigantic hit. Anyway, it's 1206 at WIOD. Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi. I just don't know what I'm going to be moving to Orlando. I'm going to
miss you. You're moving to Orlando with all those crackers up there. Oh, man. I got to get away from
Neil Farth some of her. Nothing but a bunch of old spit kickers up there. Well, not
around universal. Probably work at universal. Oh, I see. We're with some living and breathing people.
Yeah. Really, something new. Well, if you're going to be that far south, you can pick us up.
Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, good. Because I was up there and it would take fuzzed out. I don't want
to talk to you. Well, it gets a little scratchy, but that all depends on where you are. You can hear it.
Oh, good. I was getting worried there for a moment. Being there saw the way over to Naples.
Oh, okay. I have a long time listening, but I have never called. I don't know why, but...
Well, that's great. See if you would have waited you to go on up to Orlando. We had never heard from you.
Oh, really? You're not in great? Oh, well, I want to call Stacy a douchebag.
Okay. And love your show and I'll miss you.
Well, good luck. All right. Thank you.
Call us collect when you get bored like the second day. All right. See you.
All right. Bye-bye. Mark, it's up 11 and a half points. The Dow Jones infernal average.
We have an open line in the center square. It's star IOD. George is foaming at the mouth because it seems dark in there.
It does seem dark in there. Just that we're getting a lot older. Okay. Things are starting to like get real dim.
There's kind of... Well, maybe it's the haze in this place today. This is a real hazy day.
Things are just... You can always get that feeling when you walk into back door.
In fact, so far, auto-start giving the climactic... the climactic conditions inside.
Instead of outside. Do you think we're going to get all the business in this hour, George?
Can we squeeze it all in? Miami Beach. Hello.
I need a meal. The okay.
I've got a little paid report. All of our tax dollars are going. They're a harbor police.
I go through the tow booth. I just bought a scooter. A little bit of scooter, right?
I bought a little bitty one, yeah. Yeah, let's not. So I pay my money every time go through there.
And so the girl, she looks at me. She says, listen, it's so small. Go on the ground.
On the side. Yeah. So I do that for a few days.
Yeah, I do that for a few days. I guess I got a new tow booth. I guess you call it the police, right?
So about two days later... So small, just go on the side.
Yeah. Well, okay. So a few days later, I'm coming back towards. And I see from this game
in Bunevoir, they're checking me out. All the way there. They're checking you out for biscuit in Bunevoir.
Yeah, the police. Well, all these police components are starting to put together into a very
Toddry story, sir. Yeah, they're front of me, behind me everywhere. You know, I'm just,
um, so when I get to the tow booth, I go on the grass. And the next thing I know, I see a motorcycle
cop. Yeah. It pulls me over, right? It's against the law to go on the grass, sir.
Hey, I just doing what they told me. Just doing what comes naturally.
Well, you know, yeah. But anyway, I told the story. He goes back to the tow booth and checks it
out 20 minutes later. He says, no, don't go on the grass. You're right. You know, I shouldn't be going on the grass.
Okay, 10 after, you know, that's all I could stand. I don't know about you, but I couldn't take
another second. We have an open line of date County. I mean, if you're going to go on the grass,
you're going to get busted for it. Okay, pal, quit going on the grass. 751 W I O D indeed.
Fort Lauderdale. I just want to listen. Yeah. Because I already called once I can't make it
about course. Okay. Open line in Palm Beach at 655. And that was on a Palm Beach line.
Is that give you an idea of how worthwhile that line is? That's what we get on there. We get, like,
swill. We get the sludge of the universe on that line. 655 9463 and somebody just expired and
proured 524 North Lauderdale. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Just from watching on TV.
I can't imagine what the hell you watch it on TV. The new match game. Oh, yeah, who's on that?
Well, the old Marshall Wallace. Remember that red info. That awful face. Yeah. And guess who's
up to that top right? Charles Nelson Riley. Of course. Is he? Yeah. He looks like he's about
140 years old now. Yeah, he's a bad looking old queen. And then they have Sally Struthers. I
guess she's hard up for work. Yeah. Well, she's been for money for the poor exactly. And Fred
Travillena. Another chronic game show type person because he can't get any other work.
Hey, you ever watched that head of the class or whatever? Nope. There's a girl on there. I
guess she's trying to break into the old game show business. She's in the old Fanny Flag seat.
But what is it called? Head for the class head of the class.
Yeah. From right there. But I was driving down to Halendell Beach Boulevard between
US one and A1A. Yeah, your music way. These old old ladies, they don't even look when they cross
the street. Almost ran into two of them. Boy, then they had a lot of points. Don't you understand?
Then they have the nerve to sit there and, you know, first screaming at me when my life. I just
came up with a great way to decrease the to lower the median age in South Florida. Yeah. And that is,
we're going to have, you know, how they have these different checkpoints with a pixel over. We're
going to set up a WIOD as a cubic service. And we're going to hand out those masks, you know,
those black masks. And when you're turning east off of I-95 on a Halendell Beach Boulevard,
we hand you, we stop you, we give you a mask and it's required that you wear it over your eyes
until you get to your destination. Yeah. Can you imagine about two days we can wipe out all those
old farts, sir? Yeah. We can lower the median age to life. I think you're out in the streets,
looking for pennies or something like that. Yeah, pathetic. But yeah, they were screaming at me and
my life was green and they're, you know, no, don't walk, I was. I got off the turnpike yesterday
and I just paid my 50 cents and of course there's about four lanes that merge into two or three.
And some old geeky woman is, she was ahead of me. Uh-huh. And there are three lanes there.
And there's no, she's in the right hand lane and I'm behind her, but I'm in my vet obviously
and she's going about 10 miles an hour going nowhere. And so now for no reason at all, she pulls over
into the middle and her traffic coming from her left and all she is is creating chaos. You know what I'm
saying? Yeah. So I whip around around her right because I'm not going to go 10 miles an hour. I mean,
she's, she's just in the, and she gives me a look and you know, with that wave of the hand, like,
what are you doing? Yeah, really. I just like to bust her into God damn mouth. You know what? I mean,
what kind of crap is that every time somebody else down here does something wrong, especially the
older they are, and you try to get around them or survive, they look at you and they give you
the finger and a look and all this other unbelievable. Well, they have the right way. There's a
right. Exactly. If you're, if you're over the age of death, you have the right way.
That was driving up a federal highway near Oakland Park and this old man and his wife.
You know, it's three lanes and they stop in the left lane near the medium. Yep. Hold up traffic in the old
lady, dip out of the car and walk across the street. What's her dinner, honey? Something new.
Musburger help. Yeah, it's a little turkey, a four little ham and a whole lot of bloating.
It's, it's so bland. It didn't use to be in the box. Not anymore. It's been canned.
Really? And it's so easy to prepare. It's practically self-serving. Isn't that right, Jimmy?
It certainly is, mom. That is a plate. He's again. It's so tough.
Most of the helpers. And trying to proof-flavored Musburger helper with a taste of our great.
Funny afternoon at W.I.O.D., the red dragon, Curse of Hannibal Lecter this Friday.
Is it Friday? May 3rd. Let's see one. Yeah, Friday. I think it's 8 o'clock. I'm not sure, 8 or 9 o'clock.
1968's manhutter retitled the Cacheon on the Sun and Siddalayam's red dragon, the Curse of
Hannibal Lecter on NBC Friday night. How the hell are they going to show that? It's such a bizarre and
tasteless and crappy and interesting and erotic and weird. Don't miss it. 20 afternoon at W.I.O.D.,
Boka. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Larry King was on David Letterman on Friday night. I didn't see it,
but Roger was telling me this morning that David ripped him and asked and I wish I would have seen it.
It was, you know, Larry came on to the same field, same crap. Yeah. Anyway, on his on the radio show,
that night people were calling up Kissing his brother. Anyway, there's one small calls and he says,
you know, if you had Larry, I met you about 15, 16 years ago when you were on the air in Miami at I.O.D.,
and I came, there was a stand appreciation night. I don't know why I don't do that anymore.
Anyway, so I came to the studio, I met you and Neil Rogers and Bill Crowder was there.
You were saying that you had just come to the market and you and Bill Crowder were there. Yeah. Is that a fact?
Were you there? I remember doing that. No. There's no one in hell with I.O.D. when you first came. No.
So, what is this guy talking about? I remember doing that. That's what he said. Yeah. I remember doing that.
Anyway, this guy is watching match game. What was he called Hollywood?
The guy watching match game. Yeah, what about him? I'm watching God. Frankie Pan Angel is taking a bath.
Oh, good. Don't miss it. 22 afternoon at I.O.D., who wants to see some old a hairy guy take a bath anyway?
We have an open line in Broward 524WIWD, not me, not even Ron Jeremy, especially not Ron Jeremy.
God, I get goosebumps thinking about that. Jimmy Music. Neil Rogers.
Quantum. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I was listening to an interview on a radio station from
Pomano Beach doing an interview with Mickey Mantle. Yeah. We reflected on his recent interview on Larry King's show.
And the guy said, what kind of interviewer is Larry King? Mickey Mantle said the worst.
I don't know to do it that. He said absolutely the worst. And since you're a little slack on advertising today,
do you hear about the people that energizer getting all of a sudden because a chorus is going to do a takeoff on their
funny rabbit thing? Really? That's right. Very upset about it. What does that have to do with anything?
I just thought I'd throw it into your short on advertising. That's right.
Well, I want to make you understand something. When it gets to be the 29th and 30th at the end of a quarter
or at the end of a month, it's like these days are written off. And you know, in the sales department,
they only sell like starting the first of the month. You know what I'm saying? That's not right.
So today and tomorrow or maybe only today, there'll be like no business all day long. And then all
of a sudden it'll be like we'll be doing 18 minute breaks. Uh-huh. Well, see, today you can talk a little
advertising. If you don't have a solicitor. No. I thought that was terrible because the energizer ads are
based on making fun of other people's ads. And now, chorus wants to do a little fun with them. Well,
screw them is what I say. Sure. If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen, right?
I agree with you. And I just threw into home space where I've got to go. Nice talking with you.
Okay. See you, Jimmy. Don't call us again too soon.
No, I mean, really, you know, it's one thing to make fun of other people just like I do. And then
if people who rip me and I be thin skinned about it will be wrong. You can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Exactly. We have an open line in Dave County, seven-fifth. And that's what I would say to Hank,
too, the same thing. Okay. If you can't stand the heat, then cut the crap. Hank, Hank, just, I don't know.
I like Hank. He's a great guy sometimes. But he wants you. These sports people, if you look at him
cross-side right away, they start getting emotional and hostile and hysterical and all this other crap.
Nobody promotes that show on his station more than I do. Nobody. Now, because I'm a rip at occasional,
I like tonight he's doing his rotisserie and fantasy link baseball crap. That's his business. It's his show.
But at least I'm talking about it. Okay. But he gets so damn emotional. It's like, uh, God,
like certain people in the building that you always have to kind of like do a little dance for to make
sure that you're not upset or to make keep them happy. I don't want to mention Cheryl's name.
You know what I'm saying? Like always like, uh, that tentative look like, uh, you know,
you're going to smile at me. Come on. Give it a rest already. After the first 10 years, it gets old. Yeah.
Bringing my, my little suit, my straight jacket. I don't wear a straight jacket. Okay. Here's
Mr. High Kalani himself.
Fresh gentlemen, pressing the plastic tip in too far could result in irritation to the bowel wall.
Speaking of flushing New York, here's Mr. Mr.
Gaulstone. So when you're done with that reading, I've got a real good book for you.
Calls up tissue cleansing to bowel management. I still think my favorite line in this whole
my favorite line following the treatment, clean the experiment from your stone.
Now this isn't about Mick Jagger, is it? No, I don't think so.
I'll later describe and freeze them. Stick them in as your friends.
Throw them to your friends and the family. It'll make for lots of fun. Now show them to your doctors
so he'll be able to agree with you to cancel the operation. You want to hear something sick?
Yeah, not too sick. I did that. I froze them. You put the little screen on the pot and collect them.
Yeah. Trade them with your friends or polyg baseball cards.
Yeah. Anyway, I went out and read it while the work had to be. I understand that after
freezing for about a week they start glowing. Well, they can't do this radiating thing in the freezer.
You can't stand the heat. Get out of the kitchen. Right.
It now riches case. I don't know if he could fit them in the freezer.
Are you going to start picking up that rich? No, no. How's he feeling?
I don't know. He's just a full of crap. You know, he talks a good game for a couple of days
and then he makes excuses to go start eating the game. But I shouldn't talk. I ate like a pig
yesterday. You know, you talk about me being pasty. He looks pasty.
No, he doesn't look pasty. He just looks fatty. Looks like he's got one foot in and one foot out.
And lately, he looks like he's got a foot in a half and it's not a joking matter. He better
crack. Yeah, he better speaking of pasty. I rented Wild Orchid the other night. Have you seen that?
I wouldn't want is that Mickey work? Yeah. I wouldn't watch a Mickey work movie if it paid me $50.
Oh my god. Well, I'll tell you what, he's fighting at the War Memorial on the 23rd of May.
He's getting back into boxing and I'm going down there to hope to see him get his ass kicked.
Oh, god. He must be desperate. He and Leon Spinks. He is so
f***ing ugly. I mean, who cares? You know, people are just so desperate. I don't want to see
ugly people rolling around on him. But you know, we're just before, just before he filmed Wild
Orchid, he had a facelift. Okay. And he's all, you get all puffy. You know how Elaine knows
is? Yeah. Well, his cheeks are like that. Her cheeks are like that too, but not the ones that
are face necessarily. They're all puffed up. Boy, where do they put the nose? Same place.
Anyway, right? Right smack in between the cheeks. I couldn't believe you had somebody from,
you had a call earlier to magpies. I know a bunch of douche bags. Why do you have to dignify that?
Well, that's their name. That's their team. They're cycling group. Team name. I know I'm called. I don't
care. Markets of 15 and a half. I don't hear the call. I didn't hear the call. I just heard
part of it. I don't know what they said or what they did. Didn't say anything. It was an okay call
until he started with this crap about. He's got a name for the team. Then yesterday I'm in the
car and I'm listening to Joe, which is I was going very slow, of course. And some guy,
crank calls and he says, I got a name for the team. And it was, which we've heard a million times
before because it's a blockbuster in Huzanga. How about the, what I can't even think of what
the hell it is? The Bobbusters. You know, we've had that how many times a million times? And Joe,
being Mr. Sense of humor. No, seriously, I mean, these people on sports talk have no sense of
humor at all. Okay? And he not only does he hang up and says, oh, what a waste of time. You know,
I mean, he says, and he says to think that anybody would take that under consideration.
I mean, the guys are crank. Okay? And he's like taking it real surly. I mean, it's just so far
out. Who would even take that into consideration? So in other words, as if to say, it would have been
something that would have been taken into consideration. That would have been a great call. I mean,
these sports, the jocks niffers, Manay, have got no sense of humor at all. Well, maybe you
ought to give him a copy of that and give it to him. So seriously, just they're like, they think
that everything else that's going on in the world is secondary compared to the WLAF scores. You
know, I mean, give me a break. I think maybe we should buy Joe's on Kalimia board. What do you think?
I think he's frozen his somewhere for posterity. All right. So anyway, I hope you enjoy the
reading and let me know if you're going to do it. I'm sure you're going to do it. Well, at least now,
you got some good reading to do while you're getting rid of the stone. Let me tell you this book.
I've gotten my hand now. You would love there's more material in this. Okay. Even Richard Nixon never saw
plumber like this guy. Good day. Good night. 29 past noon at WIOD here on a frantic Monday. Boy,
my head is just swimming from the idea of freezing your gallstones and putting them into freezer.
I hope you don't have anything like wrapped up in there like old hamburger meat stuff like that.
Well, you know, in the refrigerator, I don't know about in the freezer,
but in the refrigerator, tastes have a tendency to mingle. You know what I'm saying? Aromas and
tastes they start intermingling unless they're wrapped real tight. So I don't know what the taste
would be of the gallstones, but I don't think I want to find out. Here's a mobile in Halea.
Halea. Yes, sir. Hello. Yeah. Hey, deals to pleasure talking to you. Finally. Yeah. Are you
a Chicagoan or an extra-cogoon? No, sir. You're not. No. Okay. I don't know why I just thought that
you kept on talking favorably about Chicago, which most people don't, but why not? I don't know.
Yeah, the, uh, I'm just looking at it. It's about New York. So I thought you were now. Chicago is,
I mean, you can't even compare the two. Chicago is a great is like a, should that be in the same
Chicago is a 500 on a scale of one if New York is a minus eight. In all lessons, um, is this a
sister station to W.I.N.D.? No. No. Okay, because you keep on coming across with the same
type of format with the W.I.N.D. W.I.O.D. No. No. No way. Probably the same crappy jingo
company. We're the jingles, but we have nothing to do with them. We do have an FM station up there.
I don't know what the callers are. We have some FM classic crock music station up there in Chicago.
Years ago, they had a format pretty much like yours that was Larry Delegion. I don't know if you
Larry Loujack. Larry Loujack, yes, that goes without saying, but Larry, Larry, Larry,
Larry, Larry, who the hell is that? Some kind of a Southern type person that was on I.N.D.
And never heard of it. Now, tarp, the airway is pretty good. But you do it all right as a,
probably Dick Beyondy's illegitimate son. As far as the, uh, uh, blindfold gig for, uh,
son, right? Yeah. I live in son, right? I'm wearing, uh, the blindfolds right now. Okay,
Florida. I'll keep track. How many points do you get for a pregnant nun? 50,000. Oh my God.
Good luck to you, man. That's a good one. See you. Boy, why is it they do okay,
right up till the end? They start pressing, you know, start pressing. 1231 at W.I.O.D., we have
I just can't handle it. I'm just, um, I mean, last year was one thing, but this year it's just,
uh, the big letdown, as usual, the big, big build up and then the gigantic,
awful. Here's a mobile in Miami on their dime. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. This is Ted Somers. I'm
Evans father. You're living Evan. The guy that brings you to Chinese. Oh, yeah. Listen, uh,
try to bring us to Chinese. Well, we bought the Chinese. I bought the Chinese. I know you bought it.
I know, but he was nice enough to pick it up and bring it to every point. Right. All right. Listen,
I tried to get three last week when you were talking about that rich with his global out of
problems. Yeah. I had a very serious attack about a year and a half ago. Okay. Uh, which developed
into a case of acute pancreatitis because one of the stones passed through the pancreatic duct.
Ooh. Yeah. I needless to say, I was in a lot of pain. I was in the hospital about 10 days.
Uh, I have a buck that that's really very innovative and he's very short.
He put me on a new medication called ac teglol. Your pat rich has been taken. Okay. My
stone. I had three months. They have dissolved completely. Wow. How long did you have? How long
did you take it? I've taken it now probably about 15 months. And it takes up to two takes about
two years to work. Yeah, but don't you have a problem as they shrink and start getting into
the bile duct. Don't have a lot of tanks. They absolutely dissolve. Uh, the last time
they don't dissolve overnight. I mean, they keep getting smaller. No, no, no. Well, actually,
they would have what a happy I don't know how they dissolve, but they do dissolve and there's
like granules of sand left. And the sand flushes itself out. And then MacDonald carry comes to your
house and says like, sand is through the hourglass. And we build swimming pools. Yeah. But, uh, they're
gone. The only thing you know, what are the stones of our lives? There are two types of stones,
you know, one of cholesterol based, one of calcium based. Uh, the pill only works on cholesterol
based stones. So if you have calcium based stones, maybe you have to dissolve it. What do you
know about? How do you know which is well left? If the, if the, if the actical spots dissolving the
stones that basically cholesterol, yeah. Okay. And in my case, they were and I understand it
90% of the cases they are cholesterol based. But the stuff is fantastic. There's no pain. There's no
F perfect and the stones are gone. Uh, and these home remedies are great, but you have to know
what the fight effect can be. Right. Okay. All right. Well, I know he's taking that. So we'll see.
Well, it should work. If he's, uh, if he's taken so would they as, as the medication itself prescribes,
if he's don't like me and I'm sure he is, he should go up to free. I, I was taken free of
a one in the morning and through it when I went to bed. And they really worked. They worked great.
No side effect. Okay. No problem. Well, we'll see how it all comes out. Okay. So to speak. All right. Thank you.
1234 W I O D the doctor's in. Hello, doctor. I got such a pain doctor. We have an open line and
brown word 524 W I O D 524 Raspberry Enema time and we'll be right back.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
On this Sunday's very special Easter episode, Jigs got the flu and look who's replacing him.
It's John Paul the second. All right. Great. Great. Okay. Okay. You got me. I couldn't
Okay. You're forgetting. Nice work, folks. Let's blow.
You know, you wouldn't have this flowed if you'd take off that hat. Don't miss Pope and the fat man.
This Sunday night at 10. That's the same alleged voice that's a takeoff on the board. The love
both. Another one. I was sitting out in the yard yesterday and of course it's the time of the
year we're getting close to summer and everything that crawls and flies, including some of the
neighborhoods is out. Everything creepy, nasty, locusts, wasps. In fact, we're taking up a petition
now because we got too many wasps in my neighborhood, not enough Jews and blacks. But um, and so anyway,
it's May is coming and May, October, our love bug month. And I started laughing out loud because
I was thinking about that guy. The love bugs. The love boat. Oh, God. I mean, what is wrong with the
world? What? What? What is the appeal of that? Can you tell me? Can you answer that question? Why
would anybody like that? It's just it's nauseating. It's like if you keep turning the public off
enough, they'll start enjoying it. It's like administering pain and conditioning people to SNM.
And if you fly, isolate them enough, they're going to start loving it. Love bug.
Anyway, what do you do to those things? Well, those are the most disgusting. Have you ever driven
like up through the state and May or October when the love bugs are out? And at the end of about
a half an hour, your car is just the whole grill and the windshield and ah, you might as well just
take the damn car and throw it out. Forget it. Even Spencer ain't going to help help that baby.
Even with that boric acid that he uses on a dash. North Miami Beach.
With what they have to do. Good afternoon today. Men who sweep with their grandmothers.
The topic is interested in all of us. Here's two men here, the grandmothers. We have a
grandmother in the audience, molested by her son. The whole thing is bizarre and it's going to spin itself out.
Yeah, spin this, Larry. 1239 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in day,
7.5. One I guarantee if he had her although as his guest on a show, he would never say any of that.
It would be, oh God, there was the best grandmother routine I ever saw in my life.
Where'd you find those great grandmothers? How was great? It was great.
You're a but sucker, Larry. You're a phony and a but sucking fool.
We have an open line in Broward. Did I say that at 5249463?
524WI.
D. Miami.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. My first time caller.
Great. Fantastic, sir. Welcome to this place. Yeah, you sound excited.
I want to ask you for a favor. I wanted to know if you'll, there's about a half an hour.
Well, not only do you want a favor, but it's got to be like time out. Well, the thing is that the girl
that I worked with is not to lunch. Well, she doesn't, yeah, she doesn't know why you guys make fun of
ambitious so much. Really? So you want to hear Anne ball? That's what I want to hear that
card. Hmm. About a half an hour. Do you understand what you've just done? What? You've gone from
getting everybody, including me all enthused because your first time you sound like you're under the
age of 500 and you've just turned it around completely. You've not only made a request, but you
want to hear it in a half hour. Neil, do you work tomorrow? Last time I checked.
How you deal? Yeah. I was going to see if you wanted to go to six flags of land, it's with me
Neil, what do you want? What do you really want? I want to hear Anne Bishop and
Neil. After that line, you want to go down to six flags of land, isn't slide on my knee?
Neil, your callostomy bag. Okay. Goodbye. See you. 1240 at WIOD is not a first time call.
You're not fooling us, sir. We have an open line in date. He's called from the channel 10 newsroom.
7519463. That was Dwight. You know, that was Dwight on the phone. He let some of his moustaches
here right on the thing. And one open line in Broward, 524. Here's a column, Cassimmy.
Hi, Neil. Yep. This is another first time caller. He was no first time caller. He is a
slime ball. He was a gigantic, pocket raspberry animal waiting to happen. Waiting to explode.
On the other, I got the ultimate spy report. Yeah. Listening to the great. I know why a lot of people
don't call this show, sir, because they're intimidated because they have no balls.
You have any idea how many people listen to the show, but how many of them like that last
caller are just cowardly little of wimps? I'm a long-dreamer. I'm here from
Cassimmy from all places. Well, we don't care. Okay. Well, I was listening to the great FM radio
that's here in Central Florida. Yep. Some days ago. Yeah, sure wasn't from down here.
I know listening to 94.1. Then you easy Y. I hear the Delta tones of Mr. Glenn. Don't call me
the bird. Phil. Are I want station? Easy Y. Easy listening. 94.1 in Lakeland. Wow.
Unbelievable. Incredible. Is it he didn't tackle? He didn't talk about Phoebe Cates. He didn't
talk about tennis. He gets. He spun the hits. It was shocking. Yeah. Unbelievable. It was
sh**ing shocking. Well, now let me tell you one other thing. Yeah. Next, this coming up, we can
the awesome braze are going to sweep the cup right out of full and county state. Good
me. Good me. That's braze. You're not going to get me excited about it. One way or the other.
I mean, the braze. I'm a long-time braze fan and this is shocking.
Eight. Eight. You guys suck. Let's face it. But Dave Jeff does looks good, doesn't he? Yeah.
Okay. See you. Thank you. 1242 at WIOD. We have an open line on the starline. 5249463. The
Palm Beach line is there. You know, then I'm worried if you want to use it fine if not
we're used to it. Davey. Hello. How y'all doing? Pretty good. How are you? Okay. Hey, listen,
I just heard you talking about the braze. I'm a big braze fan. Yeah. And I'm just incredibly
shocked about how they've been playing lately. Well, hey, listen, you know, every dog has his day.
But there's one thing that I have a problem with. Yeah. And that's Tom Glavin.
And I want to know if you want to make a trade with Bosky.
Okay. I heard he just hit a home run a few days ago. No chance. What? No.
Karate. Harry likes Lavin. He's a very handsome young man. Well, that's okay.
Oh, come on. Okay. Walking Sean Bosky. Sean Bosky is God's. No way. Come on.
The only guy we got in the community is the youngest best looking prospect in the major league.
We already got good looking guys. They just can't play. We don't need any more good looking guys
who can't play. Okay. Okay. Well, let me have a request then. Yes, sir. What do you mean? Let
you have a request? You're like the other guy with a colostomy bag. Come on. I'm a second time
calling. Give me a break. Oh, man. What do you want? Okay. How about the apples on? No chance. Come on.
No way. That was my favorite. God almighty. Don't you know the audience has grossed out by hearing that
50 billion time? Hold on. Hold on a second. Okay. I'll go away. Don't go away. Okay.
Now what do you think? Should we play it? Come on. Come on. Come on.
Oh, geez. It's on a stupid jackass on it with a pig report. Hello. I wanted to mention
everybody that for my birthday tonight. I'm inviting the entire city. Okay. Hello.
Clear that. We got I'm trying to take a little poll on the phone. We got everybody playing
bits on the phone. There's nobody who'll speak. Hello. No. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Do you want to
hear it? No. Do you want to hear it? No. I'll sing it. You want to hear it? Where's the lightning
round? Well, you heard that, sir. I think you're in deep spit. Oh. What do you sound so deep?
Prest about. You must be calling from light bulb radio. That's nobody who likes the show calls to
request that song. Listen. I've had an active, an active sabotage. You know how you know how you
know the media for all out and the live's going off and your arms are both asleep and you can't turn
it off. Well, it depends on where they are. He tried to blame it on me. How about a little bit of time?
How's that? Okay. Let's go on, Neil. See you. It's fun. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight.
Okay. Little bit of time. It's all we can take. 1245 at WIOD. Let's do our last break of the
hour. Make sure we get all this business in on a heavy, heavy Monday. And we'll be right back.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but
the right folks is an old established rule. Oh, during national brotherhood week,
national brotherhood week, lean on horn and share it. Clark are dancing cheek to cheek.
Fun to utilize, but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
Oh, the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all of
your folks. It's American as Apple Pie, but during national brotherhood week, national brotherhood week,
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand.
You can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus.
Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but during national brotherhood week,
national brotherhood week, it's national everyone smile at one and neverhood week.
Be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only for a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Okay, let's roll it kids. It's talking to Creek High. It's 1249 in WIOD. The center square is open and
Broward 524 WIOD. Another pig report. I know. What? I know. Yeah. Okay. How about that pig report? Yeah.
Instead of the people stay home, they'd be staying in a trouble. Well, my neighbor has a travel trailer next
to our army on his private property. On his private parts, yeah. Yeah. And he doesn't use it every year.
So he just left it. Danny didn't re-know this thick because he's not going to be taken as drifter.
He went up to a Yellowstone Park and he said, well, I'm going to return a couple of years. I just let it set there.
Don't you know they came in and they properly input a citation on it for not having enough to dig on his own property?
Incredible. Hopefully. And you're on property. You're talking to stay on. You stay in harmony. Got it anyway.
On real. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, Neil. Good luck to him. Maybe just get out of town. I might do it.
Okay. We have an open line in date. 751 one on that center square. 524 wiod. Speak now forever. Hold it.
You notice when I was going through taking that little pole on that phone and there were I went to fork
lines and three of them had stuff that they were going to play. So I got all their tapes on
cute. Good. That'll teach you. Boy, I'm so tired of that. These people that have their little
recorders going and playing them on the phone and the recorder is up there but the phone is in
the living room and just incredible. Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello? There's somebody on there. You know this?
Up yours, pal. One and Broward. 524. One on the starline. Star IOD. Let's go to Coral Springs. Hello.
Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. You had Zimmer come out here and standing for reconcets in a gold vacation.
Yeah. He didn't do nothing. I might as well get out of our here anyway. What a... Why don't we want to say it?
I said to a fact, Freddie, about the colon rectal disorder's program.
Actually add the paper fence that no one saw it. Did you see it? It worked real good too,
buddy. From the Pittsburgh fan. Okay. I thought that was funny. They do that like every week,
for that and there. Well, that's where Zimmer's got his finger these days.
I need it twice to see who's been naughty and nice. Are you going to cancel your remote in
Chicago? What do you mean by that? Aren't you have a planned remote from here? Listen,
we have done that each year for the last two years and the plan is to do it every summer but
the problem is I can't get anybody over here to get involved enough. It's already almost the
first of May and we go like in July, what early August. And I don't know what they're
doing. I think they got with Zimmer. They all got their finger in the same place.
We'll get Chuck to move at the Pittsburgh. No, we're not moving it to anywhere, sir. We're
going to Chicago. All right. I mean, at least Chicago, you can have a good... How long
to go to Pittsburgh, whether without baseball for getting? Wait, the cops played Pittsburgh.
Forget it. No way, Jose. They play him well. We're going for the Houston series. Why not have
a chance to win at least one anyway? One out of many. One out of several. You're right.
Good luck to you, sir. See what I mean about those Pirates fans? Rub it in. Rub it in. I hope it
gets infection in there. We have two open lines and Broward 524WIODC Marvin Wanderer
in around the hallway. What's he doing here so early? Plan, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Big Shot out there
in a street corner with his yellow jumping and his hot pants. Slimeball. Miami. See what I mean?
Let me ask you a question. Do you have any idea what that is? No. Neither do I. Neither
does anybody else in the audience. That's the second time because I cut them off the first time on my
pull. Why waste the time? I mean, talk about having no life. Talk about a gigantic void in your life.
There's a classic example. We have an open line of days. I've been saying this all. I'm not going
to say it anymore. I can't do it. I mean, just pushin' and pushin' and pushin' and pushin'
and pushin' Monday. I'm staying home Mondays. Next Monday is my birthday. Let's just put another
big blank up there on the board like they have a Rick and Suds next Monday and Tuesday. I'm
celebrating somebody's birthday. Next Monday and Tuesday. I'm taking a few days off for it.
West Palm Beach. Check your list of serial numbers with these. See what I mean? Miami.
Neil. Yeah. This is Gary Jones. I'm calling for Miami. I just want to let you know, I went to
this watch shop over the weekend and I saw dances with Wolf. Yeah. That movie really sucked. I know.
It was really slow. So what difference did it make where you went to see it? Well,
unfortunately since I thank God I went to see that and I got to leave and go to another screen and
see another movie. Oh, now you're talking. I mean, Ken. Why would you go and see a stupid movie like
that? I don't know. I mean, I would listen to all the idiots go to the seminal bingo at least
you might make a few bucks. I'm telling you. Thank God I got to see a couple other movies out of
there for free because I was gonna waste the money. Good thinking. Hey, before I got just
went to call Paul Gerton and Major League douchebag. Okay, sir. Thank you. See you.
Best call of the day. 1254 at WIOD. One in Dade. One in Palm Beach. You know the numbers and
that's not going to be the answer at all that effort. We got an open line. I'm sick of it. 15 years plus.
15 years plus. And like I said, this station would never have an open line. Especially on the show,
if most of the people listen, we're in such a bunch of cowards. Slimey cowards. Boy,
just can't take a chance. So what if you are humiliated and debased and degraded in front of
thousands of people? That's what it makes it exciting. That's what it's all about.
And who knows? You might get lucky and actually be articulate and have something to say and have
a good call. It's unlikely, but you never know. Miami. Yeah, I got a good question for you.
Yes, sir. How do you compare Tim Abbott to Captain Hook? Okay, let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello. How you doing? Yes, sir. Don't lose faith in the Cubans, man. They haven't been playing that.
They stay and get out of here. They're pathetic. They're playing the red red red red hot.
They're playing. Oh, come on. Why did they have the Cardinals? The crappy Cardinals can't even
hit the ball on the infield. They took two out of three in Chicago and two out of three up there.
It's their pathetic. Well, let's not be, let's not be a bunch of crybabies and start making excuses.
No, no, no, no. Let's just admit that we stink. That's all. We could go to Sunday when they play the
par. They had the game run by seven and they turn around and they're about Friday night.
They're way ahead of what a rehash. We blew the Dave Smith blue three games for us in four days.
Our club's stock. See, even Harry admits it. Have your mobile up there and don't lose faith in the
game. I'm not a front runner. Okay. We went last year and the time we went there, there were so
many games out there. We're already like almost mathematically and we don't go for that. We go to have
a good time. That's like the people up here in Palm Beach don't lose your faith in us either.
We'll see you later. Okay. Boy, you got a lot of different story on that one pal. You can't lose
something you never had. 1256 at WIOD. I'm really disappointed that guy didn't get his request.
Okay. This little bits and pieces open line on the Palm Beach line. Tells bro beach.
Deal. Yeah. Throw that cart in the basket. The asshole cart throw it in the basket.
Yeah. That's killing your show. It's killing it. We're playing it three seconds at a time,
sir. I think we can handle that. That's even worse. No chance. Open line at Broward 524WIOD.
That's a guy from Magicality. The Ron St. John senior. You're not fooling us. You're just jealous.
You can't play it on the air. Right, Ron? Isn't that your problem? You're not fooling anybody, pal.
Go back to the press box at the J.R.S. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you? I'm okay.
I hear you don't get much women's calling. Well, we had a flurry of them for a while there.
When I cast them out, then all of a sudden we get a whole bunch and then they go back to a laundry or whatever they're doing.
We become intimidated by you. I don't know why. I have no idea because I treat the lady callers with velvet gloves.
Oh, well good. Because I have some news for you. You probably already know it. Because I missed the show this morning.
So don't yell at me if you already know. What is it? I'm on coppola. Dead. Oh, poor. You know. Yeah. So what about it?
Well, I know you like him. No, I don't like him at all. What do I like about Carmine Coppola? He wrote the music. I don't like him.
Oh, okay. I rephrase. The ever-to-be-the-everybody to his house for a cup of coffee. No way.
Only if he played music for you.
I like his music. I don't like his nepotism. I don't like his granddaughter's gigantic snows.
He's incredibly honest. He's dead. Yeah, well, it just made a little tiny blurb in the hell.
So I know you love the hell and don't miss anything in there. That's all.
Okay. Wow. I always check the obituaries to see if any of my listeners are named, especially ones who are going to call that day.
No, because in this town it doesn't make any difference. They call anyway. That's true. Yeah.
Alive or dead? And by the way, I left the house as well.
You love dances with wolves? What'd you like about it? Kevin Cosmer. Oh God. Oh, please go get a lobotomy. Please.
Go to the optometrist. He is so boring. He is so bland. He's got a personality like skim milk terminal.
He's better than Johnny Depp.
I can handle a lot. Okay. That's the end of that call. That bitch ever calls this show again.
We have a deal with what you said. He's better than Johnny Depp.
You need a gigantic chocolate cream whipped high colonic is what you need.
I want to make sure I got all the right ingredients in there.
Kevin Cosmer terminal. Oh, ring.
We have an open line of date and one at Palm Beach. You know the numbers? I will never give those
numbers again. At least not till after the news. Elaine Nettoor is standing by now with a nose for
the news. She is really, I'm telling you, it's just if you've gotten used to looking at her again now,
I never got used to looking at her before.
Anyway, she's got the news and then we'll come back for our big one to two hour. Buffalo Bob Smith
with Rick and Sons today. Perfect for Sons. Boy, he must be in his glory today because that's right
up his alley. He likes all those like silly people and probably have his little Clare Bell noise,
maker on there, making little sounds. In fact, I bet you at the end of the show when you go home,
there's going to be a whole like 400 packages from the Hop at Home channel because they're going to
think you're doing tooty every time they have another one. What the hell is tooty? Can somebody tell
me what that is? If you ever watched that, they say use tooty. What the hell is that?
There was one guy for use to work on the production you're at. His finger over his nose every time
they said that. Anyway, a Joe with sports talk, Hank at 8-11 tonight.
News talk, Radio 610-WIOD, present the Neil Rogers show. To get in touch and talk with Neil,
dial 751-WIOD from day. Inbrowered at 524-WIOD,
Palm Beach 655-WIOD, and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest host are not necessarily those musicians.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a news talk radio.
