The cops shot Miami. Hello. Hey Larry. Hi.
Yeah, so it looks like I'm going to get baseball down here.
I'm sure, yep. I think you'll know it by Thursday.
Oh, yeah. That's great. It's about time. That's how I got it.
They're talking about, uh, what do you like to do with the games?
What do you think of, uh, you have anyone in mind like?
To do the broadcast the games? Uh-huh.
Well, they'll get flooded with tapes from around the country of a lot of good second announcers.
Uh, I have no idea if they should get a good young announcer.
Uh, the kind of announcing it, I had a higher two good guys.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't hire an older veteran. I wouldn't do that for gimmick purposes.
Um, you know, you can say, well, it's higher any hardwell.
But I'd, uh, that, while that makes some, that kind of forced.
It's not till 93 that you're playing. I'd hire really two good announcers who are going to grow with you.
What do you have? Who are they?
I don't know.
They're mentioning the name Neil Rogers who walked down here.
Yeah, I, I, the last I heard him.
I do baseball was years ago and he did pretty good baseball.
But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him.
No.
Because the reputation is whacked. So I wouldn't want to, you know, that's tough break.
But, uh, normally I guess he'd be good.
Also, I don't know about his age. Portland, Oregon. Hello.
And then they'll do it that. Yeah. Right.
What a reputation. Let's get Dick Gerstein in here right now.
Okay. Write me a check.
1007, a W.I.O.D.
Our first piece of business today is Happy Birthday Spencer.
Spencer be 65 today and he's out there working his ass off.
Boy, and he's just, uh, he's feeling better.
He looks great for him.
And, uh, he wanted me to wish him a happy birthday.
He says, please, please do it.
I say, hey, why bother?
Happy Birthday Spencer. You okay at our book?
Just do a good job and don't know Nick's okay?
So anyway, thanks to Dave Hyde.
I don't want to make this whole thing.
You know, another one of these self aggrandizing things like the audience with all that sucking around.
Yes, they only want you to do the games.
But Dave Hyde in the Sunsettings Sports section this morning as a column 93 forecast where he's visualizing the first, uh,
Marlins game or whatever it's going to be at Joe Robbie Stadium in 93.
And he's going on about the first inning to face the New York Met's Vince Coleman.
And the pitcher winds up through and it says, oh, well, let's just say radio play by play man.
Neil Rogers called it incredible.
Can you believe that Dave Hyde in the prestigious Sunsettingal writes that?
The mentioning the name Neil Rogers a lot down here.
Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, the last I heard him do baseball was years ago and he did pretty good baseball.
But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him.
Here's the one old delivery on the way and here's a swing and a line drive.
The left center weaves going back still going back in reaches up and makes the chance.
And then we'll do it that. Okay, 10 way to WIOD.
That Larry man, he's the best. And he I love him.
Love him from head to toe, which is about like what two inches.
Anyway, it's 10.09. We got all kinds of stuff going on this weekend.
We got the big Friday night baseball fever day at the miracle.
Come on out and have a great time. All the veterans and their families with proper ID get in for free.
All military personnel, their families, all others admission is only 50 cents, which I think most of even you can afford.
And everybody entering the ballpark will get a free American flag.
We got other prizes, surprises, discount coupons from our sponsors, including advanced automotive lane, Arnold's Royal Castle,
Spice Apple restaurants, Danny's catering, etc. Game time is 705.
I'll be there at six. We got those ugly pictures, the bumper stickers and a good time will be head by all Friday night at Pompler on Municipal Stadium.
Let's pack it. Let's jam it. Let's fill it up. Okay.
Pompano Beach. Hello.
Can you believe that? Okay. How you doing? Get off that speaker.
I'll hear you, man. Listen, I was just kicking one of my sales and the butt. Good. How you doing? That could never be a bad idea.
Huh? Okay. I'm on the phone. What's up, big guy?
We're doing it. Listen, I read about that article this morning. I mean, don't you get any respect?
What article? You just talked about the Sunsendler with Dave Hoyt.
What's wrong with that? What do you mean don't I get any respect?
What do you think the article is about?
What do I think the article is about?
Yeah, a reference to you. Do you think he would agree that you would be a great announcer for the Mollens?
Why not? I would agree with that.
Well, I mean, he only meant it's like a little drop in there at the beginning. The article isn't about me.
The article you just say you don't... I'm in you window.
Yeah, the article's suggesting that I'm there doing the game.
I think that's not my opinion and I'm really glad I'm not Neil Rogers.
I think you would serve a better purpose taking over for Jim S. E. and because his days are numbered.
I got news for you. They're so pathetic. I don't want to discuss Chicago Cubs baseball because they don't play any, okay?
That thing yesterday, a Sandberg with an embarrassing error. He don't even get in front of the ball and knock it down.
I mean, that run made the difference. Then Big Dave Smith comes in at Big Fat Slob and the ninth inning.
We finally come from way behind. Get the lead.
The first man he faces, it's a homer to tie it. And this poor kid Wilkins, it's catching who's going to be a good major league player someday.
But it's not ready for prime time yet. It's just all these past balls and a run's a score and Smith don't cover the plate.
It's just... They're like a sandlot team. They're pathetic. But I don't want to get excited about it.
Why do they keep catching catches around? What about Barry Hill?
Barry Hill couldn't hit his way out of a paper sack and since he had surgery on his shoulder, he couldn't throw the ball from here to your nose, okay?
It's true.
And Big Hector hit a homerun.
They had a chance to deal Barry Hill and Walton in the off season when they might have gotten something for both of them when they're still a phantom.
And now that they've proven that they're both garbage, they just... Listen, I don't want to discuss it.
Well, I'll clear something out.
The Chicago Tribune is destroying the Chicago Cubs. It's all I can tell you.
You know, Essie and his strictly a minor league manager and as much as I wanted to see Zimmer go, why did he bring in a guy like Whitey Herzog or somebody with some experience?
There you go.
Not a guy who's like a minor minor, even David Johnson would have been, we could've ripped him, but a minor league manager, you don't know nothing who keeps doing all these stupid moves.
He don't know anything about baseball, Essie and he's a jerk.
Well, I got a guy on the meds that you should get and that's Ron Darling because he's ponders.
We'll pass.
Well, listen, I got to get back to work.
It's a nice talking to you and just keep up the good job, alright?
I'm a great day, sir.
Bye.
See you. 12 minutes past 10 at WIOD.
We got the sunny and joe out there in California and LA and other tough assignments covering the big baseball meetings where it may or may not be finalized.
They may or may not take the vote, but it's it's in. We're in.
We're in folks. We got it.
We're going to get it.
Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Saw. How are you?
Okay, saw.
Yeah. I see a problem with you and Hank being the announcers together.
Yeah.
Oh, there would be a lack of an ethnic balance. Could you see them announcing here? They come to two wild and crazy Jews.
Yeah.
The Acerning Rest you guys would be singing Shlup us out to the ballgame.
Two live Jews.
The two live Jews.
Or two fat Jews, one of the other.
I'll tell you about your beautiful.
Uh-huh.
Keep up the good work. We love you.
The mentioning the name Neil Rogers who went down here.
Yeah, I'm the last I heard him.
I was in the back of the
New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
I was in the back of the New York Times.
524WYOD.
Here's a Miami Starline on a mobile.
I can't take this Larry King thing anymore.
I want to tell you something.
Or a Miami mobile on the Starline.
Number of years ago when he was in town,
I was an officer across the street of Capitol Bank.
We bounced and checked.
And then we do it this.
We bounced his check so often that we had to close the town.
Zoom and get a judgment.
You left town.
We couldn't even get paid on the judgment.
This is about as dumb as you can get.
That's all I got to say.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
Okay.
They hate him here like poison.
Like poison.
That's because they know him.
To know him is to hate him and probably to be owed money.
To open line still and brow.
Is this your going to get off the road today?
Yesterday we were just sizzling,
but I have a feeling it's going to be back to normal.
I heard Rick and Suds Belieck and yesterday on my way home.
Just whining and carrying on and psychotic.
I think it's because of what his name's father now.
It's not bad enough we got the moonscope guy,
but now his father calls in.
If you think the moonscope guy is boring,
oh Rick, come on.
Give us a break.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Good.
Listen, after Rick and putt signed off last night,
I switched over to FTL.
Believe it or not, Steve and the gang,
you know, how they just sit around and be as for a couple hours.
Yeah.
Because they don't have any programming.
Well they were talking about who should be the announcer in Steve's.
Well I hear that Neil does a good job.
Everyone around town says he does an excellent job.
Yeah.
And your best friend Rick Ciderman?
He speaks up into the, oh no, he's a l.
He has no sense of humor.
So evidently Rick Ciderman.
So let me say this to you, okay.
First of all, I really have no interest in talking about them
and the reason being that it's a one note deal, okay.
Every day that's all they talk about is Neil Rogers.
I mean, you know, in between the,
you're and lady and Alice talking about the drag queens
and all the other, in between all of that.
Basically it's just, let's talk about Neil Rogers' radio
and try to get him to give us some more publicity.
I'm not going to do it.
It's not worth it.
Because what they're doing is so pathetic
and so embarrassing, there's nothing going on there.
Why don't you get so many damn spots, Neil?
Because when you go out and sell them like for 20, 25 bucks a sponsor,
it's like a dollar a dollar, okay.
If you punched it up right now, there would be a commercial on guaranteed.
Well that's great.
That's why we don't waste our time, okay.
We'd rather hear more substance
and less, less 20 dollar commercials.
I agree.
Okay.
Take care.
Don't make the mistake again, sir.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
1040 at WYOD, we have an open letter line, that was a Freudian slip and
date, 751, thanks a lot for calling Dick, that was a Dick Salis on a phone, turnpike.
Hey, the first side turnpike. What is it? What did you say? I said turnpike, turnpike,
okay, sorry about that. Surfside on the turnpike. Okay, I talked to Hank a couple of nights ago,
and we were talking about who could do the announcing how a knight it would be for you to do the
announcing for the Amalan. Yeah, and he came across to something like, well, that one of
the possibilities was Bob Costas, and he said, wouldn't you rather listen to Bob Costas?
And I said, not really. What does that mean? Wouldn't you rather listen to Bob Costas?
I don't want to get started, he didn't really say that. Well, he didn't say that, he said, well,
Bob Costas. Well, why are you putting words in his mouth? You're trying to start troubles?
No, I'm not, I'm not. Yes, you are. Why don't you admit it? You want to instigate some
trouble, or like everybody else to the world, or all psychotic? I thought he would be a little
bit more supportive of you. Well, Hank isn't supportive of anybody except Hank, I mean, that's
something I've known a long time ago, Hank has spent most of the time since I've been on the
station trying to get everybody else's can, so I'm not, you know, all that concerned about Hank.
Have heard some of the other colors call in just like myself. I'm not really a big baseball fan
product. We never had a team, but if you were doing the game, I think it would be just a natural.
I call it, look, I don't want to waste the next two years on this show every day, because that's
not what we do with all this sucking around. It wouldn't be, it's not going to happen number one.
Number two, I make plenty of money right now. I'm perfectly happy doing what I'm doing, and that's
in that's the way it is, okay? It's just, I couldn't care. I mean, it would be nice, but it's not
going to happen. So it's fun to talk about, and I appreciate all the compliments of the kind words,
but it's not going to happen. It's not, I don't know what you're laughing about, it is not going to happen.
Come on, Neil. No, it's not going to happen. We got it. We're going to try to put up a little fight
here. We got it. Yeah, I ought to hear put up a little fight. Forget it. There's nothing to fight
about. Let's just enjoy the team and have a good time. Let me ask your question. What not going to
happen? Okay, then first of all, let me, let me say this, I wasn't even going to get into this,
because there've been some things that have happened the last couple of days here regarding a
hank in the sales. There've been a lot of things that have been set inside this building,
and people calling in with these stupid comments about, well, we get to baseball and IOD can get
it. We go all sports after two p.m. Let me say this to you, okay? Rick and Suts are doing a great
job. I like him whether they have an H-Share or a one-Share, and I felt that way right from the
beginning in spite of little clandestine dinners with Joey Reynolds and other people I know in
the business and people in this building who want their jobs. I'm sick and tired of it, okay,
sir. They're doing a hell of a job. We got a good thing going here. And the biggest problem with
this radio station has been, no matter how good things get going, they keep changing and change,
like people change their underwear. This station has been changing over the years to the
part where it's a laughing stock, okay? All sports radio ain't going to make it in this market, okay?
If A&K can make it in New York, because they got 15 million people and they got 75 professional
teams up there. This isn't a sports town, okay? So all these people in here who think that all
of a sudden Rick and Suts were going to kick them out and Hank is going to like the sports department's
going to take over the radio station. That's all wishful thinking of some of the people connected
with sports on this radio station and quite frankly it's a bunch of crap. Yeah. Yeah.
Just you're getting emotional. No, I'm not. Just telling you how it is.
All I'd like is to hear you do the game. What's not going to happen? I just got you're telling you
that. You want me to sit here and argue with you for four hours about it? It's not going to happen.
It's your time. Okay. 1044. He's right about that. It's a sister's dime actually. We have an
open line on the star line, which is our dime. If you have Bells, South mobility star IOD, Hollywood.
Deal. Yeah. Do you hear about that fight with Gastonel? That boxing? No.
Hey, listen, don't call it boxing anymore. I mean boxing is barbaric and stupid as it wasn't
the first place. Now we got actors boxing and football players boxing and pretty soon Spencer is
going to be boxing the guy who washes the car on Monday, Sunshine J. They're going to be boxing.
You see the winner gets to wash the cars. I mean, it's just a bunch of friends. Listen to what happened.
He gets knocked down in the 12 seconds. Yeah. And comes to find out he's a professional wrestler.
And all his wrestling buddies noticed the fall that he took as a wrestling fall. Yeah.
And now the whole thing is on investigation. Of course, it's all a bunch of crap. The public is bored
of tears and they're all out there sucking it up because they've got nothing else to do. Exactly.
One more thing or two more three more things. Wow. Holy cow. All cats are no longer on sheet
is morning. Oh, forget it. Go. What's the next one? I don't want to.
Also, nobody care. See you people I want to call up with all these little spirals. I mean,
spirals used to be fun when it was about something that somebody listened to. Nobody listens to him.
Nobody listens to the light bulb. Listen to the voices. Listen to the voices who call in like on
Alice's. Hello. They're all the old rejects from WS news. They're all over the age of 100 drinker
proof. Nobody cares about that. It's a waste of time. Well, he was just trying to get in on it.
Exactly. What other thing? Yeah. I mentioned to my wife last night that I was thinking of buying
season tickets for this baseball and she about threw me out of the house. Why is that? Well,
I what I want to know is like kind of a slime ball. I mean, like there's like 80 home games.
81 to be exact. How many? 81. Okay. And that's like three or four in a row and then they leave
town. How are usually like five six seven in a row? Forget it. Forget what? I'd be divorced.
Hey, are you some kind of a whoo? No, but I'm watching basketball now. I watch baseball.
Yeah, by the way, I thought the game was last night. It's tonight that the boys are going to wrap it up.
How come they give him two days? I know they're traveling, but she's are they that wimpy that they got
at two days? I think it's LA. All the injuries are trying to, you know, pay off the people. Yeah,
but it's all over tonight. Also, one other thing. Could you get some people to dig up what happened
with Larry King? I mean, you guys keep talking about some about that. I'm not interested in digging
up what happened. It's all into history. See, I'm not going to turn around and play his game. The reason
listen to me. The reason Larry rips me is because when I was here in town, he used to suck around. He
had me on Michelle a couple of times, but anybody that doesn't kiss up to him and it's like he does
to everybody else. He will rip them. He'll never rip anybody else. But as long as you don't kiss up
to him and if you rip him, God forbid, then he'll just absolutely do anything and is powered to
rip an attack and just to shred and tear. And that this is his response. Okay. And all the stuff that's
happened here, which is well documented. He just his memory has gone, bad. He knows nothing about it.
Well, that's the thing I would like to call and respond to his comment. He made about you saying
that you're not forget about why waste the time. It's just historically funny. Those cards that
Roger dubbed for me some of the funniest stuff I've ever heard in my life. And then we do it that.
Yeah, I gotta go. See you. Just like all those checks and everything and all the stuff with
the gurstein and all the stuff at the track with the tellers. He don't remember that. And then
to do it that course. Before he became a big star, you see no matter one thing I want to tell you,
no matter how much money you're making, no matter how much notoriety that you have,
a walking turd is still a turd. Okay. So by any other name, it's still the same.
Yeah.
Everyone knows the Kennedys have quite a record and now you can have it too. It's the Palm Beach
Singing all the Kennedys greatest hits.
The Palm Beach Boys will give you the willies.
Yes, it's a Palm Beach Boys. Cut. Why?
John John John John John.
All their dirty laundry is washing up on shore. My girls on the beach.
Say you're well when I put my head down here. I hear that. Can't hear the ocean.
My uncle's worst JNP.
We have cousin Patty and me.
Won't it be by sip, wink, wake up with the wages who is 17?
You'll also get little old Rosie from Massachusetts, Ted Man's Curve and twist in by the pool.
So next time you feel like hanging 10 or 10 catch the Palm Beach Boys.
Available on criminal records and tapes.
Enough of the fucking. It's 10.52 at W.I.U. Body by solo flex spot coming up if you have
MTV on. Don't get distracted.
Coral Springs.
Hey, Hi Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
I just want to say one thing. I just can't believe all these people down here.
I mean, you know, we're going to get a professional team down here.
I mean, what would they rather do? Watch TV, listen to the radio or watch the live thing?
I'd rather watch a live thing myself.
I mean, you know, this is the best thing that could ever happen to us. How can anybody?
Don't you understand where you are?
No, that's why you have to temper your enthusiasm because you got to understand where you are.
I've lived here all my life. I realized how stupid it gets down here.
But I mean, you know, this is like one of the best things that could ever happen.
You know, like I said, it's the live game.
You know, going to the world.
Yeah, but you got to understand. See, live is like out of place here because we don't have too many people
who are alive. Most of the people who have been dead for 20 years.
They're like your win-mores and your sins.
Sure, we'll see a lot of those people out there.
See, that'll be one of the great things about going to the ballpark because you won't see those
people out there. They don't come to the base part of it.
No, no, they can afford it. Are you kidding me?
But they don't want to part with the buck.
Do you think that all the people who schlep online at the Rascal House and go to the
really good that those people are all on food stamps that they're all on welfare?
Are you kidding me?
The ones that steal the salt shakers?
Yeah, the ones that are living in their 200,000 dollar condos over on the ocean.
They're 400,000 dollar condos. Let's get serious.
Just true.
They're just a bunch of snores.
Well, like I said, it'll be great to go out there and see living and breathing people and have a
great time.
Yeah, true.
Well, anyways, Neil, once you have a good day and, you know, whoever announces the games,
you know, more power to them.
Exactly. Exactly. I mean, I'm not going to waste the next two years with all this,
enough of the fucking...
Exactly, with all these stupid calls. I mean, it's the nice, but it's not going to happen.
It's ridiculous, especially on this station.
All right, and you'll have a good day.
And the same to you, sir.
When the big tournament money's on the line,
professional women choose macho tennis balls.
Macho.
We give women the balls to win.
It's 1106 on a great Wednesday.
Should we say hump day? Because he's not here today, Mr. Hump.
So anyway, it's 1113. Let's take a look in the new times and see if we have anything really exciting.
In our one bastion of hope here in an otherwise grim journalistic community.
Sometimes complaining about horse racing and the cubbies.
As an occasional listener to the Neil Rogers show, I know,
and nearly when I see one, I figured that Mr. Salas had to come out of the closet soon or related
with his confessions. My personal favorite was probably his first one in which he admitted to his
psychosexual fetish for listening to a hostel of Cerbic Uncle Neil, which probably gives 90%
of his audience an amusing source for midday jollies. Myself included, she says.
And now for the second.
All right, come on.
Concerning Richard's for... That's not she, it's he. Tony.
Okay, Tony, sorry.
Well, Tony could be she couldn't it, but not with the why.
Now, not in higher Leah. Tony couldn't be she.
Anyway, Tony goes on concerning Richard's first two letters in which he outlined
and perfect to tell the things he found distasteful about Neil Rogers.
I have no comments except for the one referring to Neil's anti-biolinguilism xenophobia.
He does need to get off the anti-cuban wave that he's been writing for several years now.
My father and several other older Cubans, I know still insist he's a flaming communist.
Come on, Easter, come on Easter.
Yeah.
Up yours, George.
However, my big complaint about the Neil Rogers show is that incessant,
incessant, boring, moronic babbling on horse and harness racing that he does,
and the cubs give me a break.
It says Tony Rosales in higher Leah.
These are all phony names. They're all coming from the same person.
Dick, Dick on the beach.
But anyway, it's good that the, how come they don't mention 610 WIOD 10 to 2 in here in each letter?
That would be a little bit more productive.
Okay, so get your act together over at New Times, would you?
Well, what is that about on the front?
The Miami, oh, the main drag.
They got a drag story on the front page of New Times and look who's dressed up and pink
there. That's beautiful.
It's 1115 at WIOD, Helen Dale.
Hey, Dale, how you doing?
Okay.
Talking about journalistic things, you have the Sunsett and the Lair?
Hi, James.
Is this about Dave Hyde?
No, no, this isn't the classified.
No.
You were looking for some more promotions for your show.
In the classified under greetings, a little ad here says looking for something,
one excitement and fun.
Tune in Sunday, 7 to 9 p.m.,
A.m. 980 WIOD.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
This isn't the radio of, what does he call me?
Don't tell me.
Radio, what do you call himself George?
The radio outlaw, is that it?
I don't know.
It says with Jay Allen and Charles Lex starting June 23rd.
Yeah.
Is that a promotional budget or what?
They take out classified ads telling you what?
Well, what station is it?
W-W-N-N.
Oh, the Motivate?
Well, that's all they can afford.
I haven't been able to motivate enough people to spend more than $2, $3 on that station.
They don't even show up anymore.
They're like non-existent.
Why figure today?
Are they still on the year?
I guess so.
Boy, we serve in the paper.
I got news for you, sir.
There are so many radio stations that are on the year in this market
that are serving no useful purpose whatsoever,
except a bleeding money out of a variety of people.
All these stations that broker the time.
And it's like K-A-T and V-C-G.
It's, you know, the commission is so concerned that somebody says crap on the year.
But then somebody gets a hold of a license and they just use it to play a game like they're running
the whole shop at home channel on a radio or television.
It's a joke.
I wonder though is it the step up or a step down of getting Jekyll to mention you?
No, it's a step up.
Is it?
You bet.
Let's stay.
Take care.
Have a great life.
Well, we understand Tom's going to be writing a big thing about
baseball coming to South Florida this weekend in the Sun Center.
It'll be interesting where his mind is these days.
My good former friend Tom.
See, I'm getting to the point in my life where I'm going to stop all the BS.
I mean, you know, for years I've, I've gone further than a lot of people.
But now I'm going as far as I want to go.
I mean, he's one of Jika.
He's a big phony.
He had me fooled.
And I admitted he had me fooled for years and the only reason is because I used to have
money show all the time and everybody'd suck around and he loves that kind of stuff.
But the minute you criticize him or the minute he has something that's absolutely stupid,
that whole bit about the winner book and the story he wrote like a week later.
And he says to Hank at the track, his good racetrack, but he says, well, would you write the
article when somebody on the era told you to write it?
Well, like if somebody got shot, you know, if the political leader
got shot and it didn't appear to paper next day, people were kind of wonder, well, what
are you waiting to write the story?
You write it when it's news, not when you want to play a game.
When you're playing games with stories, then you're not reporting the public.
You just playing games.
And that's what Tom does with his column now.
And because of his vendetta against Rick Riley, you know, less and less, he writes about
this station, unless he's writing about his personal racetrack buddies and it over on
Q.A.
M and Hank over here.
And that's basically it.
So no matter what he writes, there's no credibility there.
Okay, Tom.
So you're not fooling me anymore and you're real, a real disappointment.
But that's not the first one I've had other disappointments.
I remember my old, old friend and really old Ed Cohen, who used to be on my show on WS
News and KAT.
I mean, going back to my earliest days in this town with those boring, boring shows about
politics.
And you know, even back in the days when politics was interesting, he was still boring.
But you know, Ed and I thought were good friends and we had a good relationship and he was
on the show and I'd put up with it.
And the way he used to talk, it was 100 years old.
And then as soon as I changed my format and I dropped all that boring tedious crap and
talking to 90 year old dead people, then right away he rips me in an article in some, what
is that paper in the Kindle, something or other?
The one that they put on the birdcage, some little Kindle news lead to something like whatever
they call it.
And ripping me in the fact that I'm wasting all this valuable air time and what a shame
it is and all these terrible things I say about senior citizens and all this other crap.
And what he's really saying is that now that I don't have money or anymore I'm a bad
guy and I'm a piece of crap.
So you meet a lot of people like that in this town especially.
You know, a lot of other places they say you make a friend, you make a friend for life.
When you make a friend here in this town, you make one for about what, like five minutes
usually.
Nice to make baseball is on the air.
Today's Miami Marlins, the Chicago Cups.
Now from Joe Robbie's stadium, the voice of the Marlins, Neely Rogers.
That's it.
Well wasn't that cute.
That was really cute, you know.
On a scale of what?
About six.
Tell my good friend Neil Rogers.
That's not my opinion and I'm Mike Disney, up yours.
It's 1125 at WIOD and let's go to Homestead.
Hello?
Yeah.
I'm asked about baseball.
They get a baseball team down here.
Where do you, where do they go for spring training?
Well somebody yesterday said that there's some land adjacent to the stadium that Huzanga
is either buying or owns a part of already since he bought half of the stadium and that
they might play right there, which would be unusual, but it would be great.
Well this would be the first team that would have their spring training home and their
regular home in the same state.
Right, right.
Okay.
It's just interesting.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
That's just, you know, the rumor.
We don't even have it yet.
Okay.
I mean, we'd like 99% caught it.
But well, thank you so much, Henry.
What a great American.
That's, in fact, I wonder what your good friend, your good drinking buddy would have to
say about that.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Our good friend is a big superstar now.
They're mentioning the name Neil Rogers a lot down here.
Yeah.
I, I, I, I, the last time I heard him, the new baseball was years ago and he did pretty
good baseball, but he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him.
What's the question?
Okay.
26 after 11 at WIOD.
I wouldn't hire you either, Larry.
I'll tell you.
We had an open line in the Star Line, Star I O D. In fact, if it weren't for Ed Little,
Larry would probably be still here doing like overnight in I O D. 1131 at WIOD.
I got sidetracked that article, well, that letter to the editor allegedly by who was it?
Tony Rosalus, Rosie in Hylia.
Maybe it is a girl.
But all of this crap about that he needs to get off the anti Cuban wave.
Now what, what do we talk about Cubans on his station?
Okay.
In fact, the only ethnic disturbing call we've had in a long time was from a self proclaimed
Hispanic.
I know we was Cuban or whatever the other day talking about how we ought to name the team
that conquisted the Dorees because it was Hispanics who would discover Florida.
And all this ethnic crap that we know it's old.
It's tired.
Okay.
And all of this crap about my being communist, am I being anti-Cubanade?
There's nothing more than a cover for blatant, embarrassing, terminal homophobia.
That's all it is.
Okay.
So you can call it anything else you want, but that old Super macho hysterical, excuse
me for wearing my dress homophobia that permeates parts of this community.
You're not fooling me and you're not fooling too many other people at this point.
So come out of the closet already.
1132, let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, long time listener, long time fan.
I've really disappointed though.
I called the kiss up and like the last six calls that I've been on hold except for the
last guy who have done all the kissing and there's really no further fucking.
Yeah, right.
There's nothing left to suck.
No, one thing that I wanted to tell you is that I was really disappointed in the name
that they picked for the baseball team.
Oh, come on.
Will you stop it?
Stop it.
Well, like a little child, well, that first of all, they haven't picked any name for
the baseball team.
It could be the Marlins or could be something else.
What difference does it make what they call them?
Well, here with Miami the way it is, if we could get one woman on a team, we could call
it the Miami Surf and Turf.
Yeah.
And is that it?
Probably should be.
Okay.
Very weak.
Call up Hank with it.
Eric Dickerson after four touchdowns on a Monday night football.
Where are you going now?
I'm going to get laid.
22 till noon.
And W.Y.
Okay.
No, 20 now.
Let's go to a deer field.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first time, Cola.
Listen, Mel, I'd like your opinion of this baseball that's coming into Florida here.
Don't you think this is going to be the death knell on the paramutrious trotters?
I like him, Ray.
You're laughing.
You know, I got to be on it.
You know, the guy who called a couple of calls ago is absolutely right.
You know, about the negative people there.
Now how the hell is Major League Baseball going to be the death knell of paramutrious?
First of all, most baseball takes place in the summertime.
There is no harness racing in a summertime.
Okay.
They got this little quarter horse thing going on in addition to which how is it that the
Tigers have survived along with Hazel Park in Detroit all these years and the White
Sox and the Cubs in Chicago along with sportsmen in Maywood and Belmore, Lama, Harness,
Reasing, they have up there.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
And up in New York, there was a race like when under one.
That had nothing to do with a meds, sir.
It had nothing to do with a meds.
It had to do with a meds.
The islanders came in the meds.
It had to do with a metal land, sir.
The harness racing people all went to the metal lands and Roosevelt couldn't compete.
And they went under.
And if it weren't for OTB, yonkers would be closed down too.
Okay.
Isn't there just so much money for sports fans to get out on sports there?
You didn't even, you didn't even, you didn't even hear what I just got to your
sand, did you?
Yes.
Football and basketball don't run at the same time as baseball for the most part, okay,
for the exception of a few play on the football don't run at the same time.
And Harness racing in this town doesn't run at the same time as baseball season.
And how's your house?
And how's my and Greyhounds?
What about them?
In the name run.
The summer.
They run all year long.
Right.
So what about them?
They'll go down.
They'll go down for what?
They'll go down the tube.
Sir, you go down the tubes, okay?
You're typical of what's wrong with this town.
Now why do we have to talk to these old boring old farts, okay?
Sir, go out, get your colostomy bag out and have a great time.
I'll write and leave us alone.
No matter what comes to this town, this is the most negative god damn town on the face
of the earth.
There really is.
That guy, too, calls a go, is right.
No matter if they drop million dollars in everybody's backyard here, we'd have some
old fart call them.
Oh boy, now the shopping malls are going to be so crowded because everybody's got so
much money to spend.
And the highways are going to be all congested with those big limousines and town cars and
people are driving.
What are we going to do now?
We can't get to the early bird, Danit.
You people make me sick, you old farts.
Sir, take a gigantic orange, okay?
Peagolet and stick it up your ass.
Sir, take a gigantic orange, okay?
Peagolet and stick it up your ass.
Peagolet and stick it up your ass.
Peagolet and stick it up your ass.
Sir, take a gigantic orange, okay?
Peagolet and stick it up your ass.
Sir, take a giant orange, okay?
It's 1141 at WIOD, your friendly state.
I'm just sick and tired of people like that.
No matter what the hell happens here, I mean we've been dying to get something going
in this, see that's what he's scared of.
He's scared that we might get some living and breathing people in this goddamn town.
Oh, hi, who cares, okay?
Let him rot in hell with her, hi, hi, okay?
Hey, screw him.
You people make me sick, you old farts.
You people make me sick.
You people make me sick.
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
You come on here and you bash me.
Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yep.
Yeah, did you see Good Morning America today?
I don't watch Good Morning America.
Okay, well our illustrious mayor Suarez were all in there and he said, what are you going
to call Charles Gibson System?
What are you going to call the new team?
What do you mean, what is he going to call a team?
Well, that's what he said.
What does he got to do with it?
You don't have anything to do with it?
Well, the wind up of the story is that he said, we'll call them the Miami Marlins or
the Miami Amigos.
They ain't going to be the Miami Amigos, sir.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
I didn't know if anybody had said anything about it, but you talk about bringing on.
Well he's in there doing his usual ethnic pandering again, so he's got to weigh.
Remember when we had the Miami Amigos several years ago?
Yeah.
Minor league team.
He was going to be this big hit because we had all the Latins love baseball and this
and that and they didn't draw flies.
They were around for a day.
They didn't even finish the season I don't think.
Now, I'm glad you're not yelling at me.
I'm not well.
So please, I'll say goodbye but don't yell.
Okay.
Bye.
Feel better.
Love.
Haha.
Haha.
Watch your question.
Hey, I couldn't have said it any better, Larry.
Believe me.
Oh, let's take a call from North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Sorry, I'm in all these controversy today.
I don't want to be because my son is home from school this week and I keep telling my
boat.
No, no, no.
We're not playing requests today.
I'm going to be home from school this week.
He's home from school all summer.
No, but you never heard of bird and I wanted him to hear that one about the bird.
Oh, bird.
Should you please shut up?
Why?
They know the card where you did bird.
Can I please shut up?
What kind of thing is that to say to me, sir?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You did bird.
When a guy called the bird to say bird, really please play something and shut up.
You mean I hate the bird?
Yeah.
See, you don't even know the name of it.
I don't, I don't know the name.
Well, you got to start.
I don't keep a catalog.
Will you want?
I'm going to keep a catalog.
Right.
Whatever that means.
Just keep in touch, I know what I'm keeping.
Keep in touch with yourself, sir.
I better try doing that.
OK.
I really appreciate it.
I'm going to do it right now for you, sir.
All right.
Was it that nice of me?
Yeah, really great, man.
I really appreciate it.
Hey, Neil.
Don't be 50 dollars.
Hey, Neil.
I wonder about this, um, um, because...
See you later, Dave.
What is it now?
No, this guy, Hank.
He gets caught.
You know these cigars that Wayne brought?
This box is still.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think you're the guy that should be doing the unknowns.
Sir, say goodbye.
It's not going to happen.
I appreciate all the tinkling and all the urinating, all the headache sucking around.
But if you want to hear this tape, you better say goodbye.
All right.
You say you can say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Have a nice day.
No.
Just goodbye.
Goodbye.
OK.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
OK.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
Are you sorry I could do this back?
Do it.
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God.
You sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, I just want to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
I'll get stand it.
You won't see.
He won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
OK, did that do it for you, sir?
And Son, I sure hope so.
I hope that made him happy.
Hope that made their day.
This time it doesn't take much.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, yes.
I've got a name for your baseball team.
OK, we'll call up somebody else and tell it to him.
We have an open line in day, 7-5-1.
I mean, that won't put up with one of those.
OK.
I mean, I've been home yesterday.
And poor Rick and the Cud.
I mean, just one after another.
What is wrong with you people?
OK.
They've got it down to.
They've already decided what the name is going to be.
So, I mean, is that the best you can do?
I've got a name for the team.
How about the douchebag?
You know, forget it.
Forget it.
It's like a bunch of little overgrown children.
Like Andy.
Palm Beach Gardens.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing a fair to Middleton.
That's good.
I'm up there in a Palm Beach post to have an article.
Oh, the Palm Beach post.
Well, you people get a real paper up there?
Well, it's the only one we got.
I know.
It's pathetic.
Anyways, they had an article about a lot of...
Cox newspaper.
It's a bunch of propaganda.
Well, they had an article about people up in Tampa,
say, Pete area.
They had that wide-washed Miami get it down.
Hey, they already got their hockey team.
They got the bucks.
They got all their patent leather shoes.
Let them, you know, get lost.
Yeah, well, they were saying that Miami, you know,
it's a big high crime area.
Oh, yeah.
No crime in Tampa.
That's a wonderful place.
I like to hang out real late at night in E-Bor City.
That's my favorite.
Yeah, no, like Tampa doesn't have any crime.
Screw them, pal.
They're just sour grapes.
Yeah, well, at least I'm glad they're getting a team down here.
And at least now I can see the car will play one part.
Yes, sir.
All right, that's all I got to say.
Okay, just...
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Really?
1154.
We all need it.
Those of us who are trailing the pirates by many lengths coming into the last 16th of the race.
Open line in Broward, somebody just dropped off when he mentioned Cardinals at 524 and Palm Beach, of course,
where they just keep quoting incessantly from that ponderous Cox newspaper, the Palm Beach Post, the Palm Beach Post.
See, that's the problem with Palm Beach.
There's not...
There are a lot of the people up there aren't bad, but they've been...
They have had this narrow scope with that one-lousy paper up there for years.
They've had J&O and all that horrendous boring crap that they pump out and they had Andre Baruchin beway,
and he used to do the backstroke cross-lake worth.
It's not their fault.
I mean, the only excitement they get is every now, every like every few years when there's another Kennedy scandal into compound,
then they get a little excitement.
Pompano.
Yeah, I know.
What time is that game Friday night?
What time is the game?
Right, 7 o'clock.
7 o'clock.
You're gonna be there?
Yes, sir.
All right, we'll be there with those on.
Okay.
Open line in Broward, 524WIOD, Andy's running around nervously.
What's going on?
What's going on in the newsroom?
Is there something late-breaking story?
Is there something exciting going on?
Well, what the hell do you people acting like maniacs in here?
They're all like running around with these nervous, psychotic, about baseball?
What about baseball?
We didn't announce many yet.
How much money do we spend to send those two yo-yos out there to California?
What the man, oh man.
Yeah, why couldn't you go?
Elaine says, how come I don't get any of the good trips?
You know when Eri's on vacation in Kansas?
Oh man, Kansas!
Two weeks in Kansas.
Yeah, four-letter mail.
Hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
Great.
Hello.
Hello.
My God, what a change.
All of a sudden, the voice change is about two seconds.
Hello.
What do they do?
Just drop?
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, come on, come on.
Hey, hey, hey.
All right, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I'll give you a hey right over your nose.
Now listen to me, sir.
What was that all about that she had to make the call?
Are you some kind of a wimp that can't make the call yourself that has to have your...
Well, I got a problem, okay?
Have your mistress put you on the phone?
I'd like to say that, parents, do you know where you're children are right now?
Yeah.
See, we got out early today.
How old are you?
I'm 15.
15?
And who's that young lady that you have in a sack there with you, sir?
Yeah, no, let me...
Who was that?
Who was that?
No, don't worry about that.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Praise this call, George.
Now, go ahead.
Okay, so we're exams and she needs like a little help studying, right?
Yeah.
And I was just wondering, I need some help.
I was wondering how...
You sound like you need some help.
Yeah, how am I supposed to get her to, you know?
Get her to what?
To cooperate?
Yeah, to cooperate, because my twin...
My twin size is too small.
And your size is too small?
No, you idiot.
My twin size bed.
Yeah, and listen, judging from the sound of you, I tried the queen.
It's 1258 at WIOD.
We have two open lines.
They're both in Broward.
5249463.
524, we got full on me.
I've heard from your kind before, sir.
They're back.
We're clearly in Lillie Artback at their slapstick best in the three stuages joined the Los Angeles Police Department.
Give these three goose guns a nice stick and get ready for some laughs.
Oh, oh, oh, look at those little lady do-walkin'.
I'll hand this one in, I'm sculled.
See the boys beat the entire LA populace with giant hammers.
Watch them tweak little babies on the nose.
And if the three stuages are on patrol, you better not get a ticket.
Yeah, why's he going five over to limit?
Why, I got him.
The police stuages joined the Los Angeles Police Department.
They'll bust you out.
That's right, you're the theater near you.
107 at WIOD.
It's our mammoth-wanted two-hour.
This is the hour that they're talking about down at City Hall.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Tom.
Good morning, citizens of Guy.
We're the lab brothers.
Ah!
You know, Bob and Tom, be here at Rick's Cafe Docside.
A beautiful guy's reservoir.
It's given us a great idea for a new love brothers venture.
Yeah, Bob and Tom, how many times have you both been pleasure-boding on Guy's and Thought?
I'd give my left prune for a Conway 28 track.
Yeah, I mean, these people need naked women mud flaps just as much as the next guy.
Anyway, that's why we're opening Nick and Sonny's exit 69 truck stop.
Yeah, fellas, let's say you're carrying a heavy load and you desperately need to relieve so to speak.
Exit 69 is the perfect place for you to get off.
Well, put, Nick.
You know, guys, exit 69 offers a complete array of helpful services.
For instance, once you're in CB range, one of our lovely attendants will ask, what's your handle?
Oh, and fellas, police don't answer metricly.
The girls only relate to engine.
Once you've fallen to our truck stop, wash your brides once if you need fuel.
Oh, and for you rookie drivers who stop too far from the pump, our John Holmes Memorial nozzle has you covered.
Oh, and hey fellas, if you desperately need service, better kind of shy around girls, simply pump your own at our convenience self-survival.
So if it's fuel you need, no problem.
But if you want gas, come inside and visit Nick and Sonny's dump your load cafe.
Exactly, featuring world famous Oriental chefs, blown chow.
Wow.
Do you guys know what blown chow translates to an English?
No.
Wow.
Anyway, blown chow makes a Calico Manhattan you'll never forget.
Oh, and good news fellas.
Oh our follies are now totally declawed.
You know, we were so lucky to find blown chow, weren't we, sonny?
No doubt about it, Nick.
We spotted him one night while watching Bonanza the next generation.
He was playing hops things for placement.
Who flung done?
Anyway, according to Indianapolis Water and Sewage, our most popular item is the hot brown.
Plus, our catch of the day is crappy.
At least that's what our last patrons said.
You know, exit 69 also offers a convenience store for those everyday traveling needs.
For instance, we sell air fresheners like Lemon Lime, Cherry, and for you outdoorsmen,
Stevie Nicks.
We also offer souvenirs from all 50 states, so hey, you can tell your baby you've been
anywhere.
Oh, and our most popular item for those long haul is called the Driver's Best Friend.
We kind of stole the idea from Doc Johnson.
Oh, and fellas, if you reverse the switch, it makes us swell, tire pump.
Also, don't be shy about asking Lawanna about our Stucky Special.
She'll give you a log and nut roll.
You'll never forget.
Anyway, before leaving exit 69, be sure and visit our topless truck wash.
Oh, sure you've got a feeder bill, but it hasn't been properly polished.
And instead of abrasive steel wool products, clear-reece uses only nature's brillo pad
to polish your rim.
Oh!
Oh!
Well, anyway, that's Nick and Sonny's exit 69 truck stop.
And don't forget our motto.
If you don't get off at exit 69, you must be a homo!
Okay, you'll be heard at about 330 on the coast as we have Noon Johnny Dark was just
enchanted with it.
Right in between Elton John and Lionel Richie, it's going to be tremendous.
And who?
Oh, Phil Collins.
He'll be right on top.
147 at WIOD.
We'll be right back.
I'm about to ask you a little bit about our stocky special.
You'll never forget.
Anyway, before leaving exit 69, be sure and visit our topless truck wash.
Oh, sure you've got a feeder bill, but it hasn't been properly polished.
And instead of abrasive steel wool products, clear-reece uses only nature's brillo pad
to polish your rims.
