Yo, what's up? How you doing pretty good? I was just going to talk to you about the Dawson who?
Because we're the doffin. Yeah, what do you think about offer doll? He's fine. I can play
Says who says John and Don not looking good. I look good
Oh, but it was on the news last night too with a channel staff while they can rest up for the rated game
Yeah, hopefully well, they need him a lot because I think his backup is
Rick and Parker
Rick and sons Rick and such right both of them horrible. We're gonna stuff them both in one gigantic uniform
They're gonna look like the fridge
Yeah, there you go. Hey, I also wanted to ask you you still have your computer
My computer. Yeah, no, you know, you got rid of it. I never used it
Well, you should have learned how to for one play games. Oh, she's come on. So time to grow up life is more than a game
Well, they got good porn. I was too. Okay. Well, you know
Well, wait a minute. What's burning in here?
Something is on a fire
Wow, wait a minute. What's going on? Hold on? Oh
No, it's in the airstress started a forest fire. Look at that. Whoo look at this baby
Whoo, is it smoking there or what man? Oh, I got it
That was exciting. That's the most excitement we've had around here at a long since Rick Sanchez came in
Burned a big hole in that sucker right in the waist basket
Whatever happened to his boy that was great. He's hitting stuff or whatever. He's hitting sock
What are you talking about when he hit that guy at the dolphin game?
I have no idea. He's got malaria now. So he's got an excuse. That'll be his excuse for anything that happens
I was I was hyperventilating. Oh, yeah, man. Is it stinking here now or what?
Whoo
Yeah, I just let that fire we had a fire in a waist basket. There's like ashes in the sun the air looks like we're getting fall out here
Well, you better watch out the cruel spring fire marshal be over there. Okay, sir. Have a great life
Yeah, you too
We'll be talking to you again, but not too soon 1054. We have two open lines in brow
We're just the fumbling our way along here today. Not gonna make any Sammy Smith comments
You play the great game against the chiefs and let's keep our fingers legs and toes crossed and pray for a repeat on Saturday
Pray hope plead big 524 w. I. O. D. Let's go to Kendall. Hello
Yes, yeah
Okay, I'm so fired up. I'm reactivating
A record dead, you know, I'm getting too excited now, sir. It's only Thursday. Okay
Try to us face yourself out a little bit. I'll want to think somebody beat you to it
Well, what is it? What are you excited about? Well, I'm excited about this
Yeah, you know, they win the Super Bowl. That's the title of it
What is it? It's called Wind That Super Bowl. Yeah, and CBS told me they would play it
Providing we make it to the Super Bowl
Well now what sir, let's back up a little bit. I know you're just bubbling over with enthusiasm, but what the hell is this song? What is it?
You
You wrote it
Here's poor e-ju. Great. Yeah, whatever you say
So you want to hear a little bit of it? No, I want you to send it to me. I don't want to hear it on the phone. We don't do stuff like that
Well, we don't do it over the phone
We could sing it in English
Yeah, send it to me in the mail, sir. Okay, and uh, you see Val on not slanting. She's got some good green pills for you
1056 it boy that stuff smells really good. I could get into that man
I'm looking. I thought something electrical under the table here was like smoking
And I looked down and they're in the waist-basket. I see this that red glow and it's spreading like a wildfire like smoky
The bear is gonna come in and hose us all in a second
Mobile in Miami
Hey Neil. Yeah, okay
Neil I listen to CNN this morning. They mentioned that
Super Bowl thing that you've been talking about yeah, some officials from the
NFL said that don't play the game and they play games like that before in the past. Hey, listen
Like I said the NFL will be the last thing to cancel anything. Okay, believe me when I tell you that because they believe that
National Football League is more important than anything. I can't imagine why channel 10 would do that
You know say those things get everyone off freak. What what do they say exactly what they say? I don't know
I didn't listen to channel 10. I listen to CNN. You know, good good thinking
I mean channel 10 just gives you a bunch of propaganda if you want to know what's really going on to in CNN
Yeah, that's right one other thing. I saw you with
remote at what at the call the remote yeah, and I thought that maybe when you go to the Gulf street one you have a
Tell them in ahead of time to get you a monitor so you can see what the hell is going on
I already told him that I mean that was you know, it's fun. It was funny
But I mean, yeah, I'm sitting here. I'm looking under the tent and I can't see anything. It was kind of like
Yeah, frustrating horse manure. Yeah, okay, NL see what is the when is that golf?
February sometime. We'll let you know we pushed it back a couple of weeks. We don't want to do them like back to back
Yeah, it's nice over there. You know, love it. I was there for
What do you mean I'm gonna love it like I've never been to Gulf Street? Well, we can't come to open on Monday. Well
Gulfstream is like a big-time
Beautiful place with palm trees. It's fabulous. Let me tell you what I did time they wanted I went to their breakfast buffet
Yeah, it's a morning workout. It was wonderful
95 beautiful losses world class losses. Can't be to with a stick. It's gonna be a great meeting
Yeah, okay now. Okay, I have a great one. Bye-bye 1058 at W.I.D. Yeah, Calder's last day is Sunday and Gulfstream opens on
Monday
Man, I can't wait for that
Have those great double headers on the weekend. You know like Saturday go over to Gulfstream, punch your brains out
And then get in the car and zip over to pop it out for another 13
10 if Gulfstream and 13 more 23 chances to punch your guts God
Don't forget our big pick. Oh, is this the heat guy on six hello? Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, yeah, how's everything he did up Harry? Hey
I heard about who I said what what do you want him for wait a minute? What do you want from him?
Rich
He's calling there just get out of that paper get your nose out of the paper and get on a stick. What is it sir?
I see you try to become a heat fan by setting your test channel fire right it's hot
Ha ha ha
I've had that he aren't they something oh man look at that there's Ronnie cyclist. He is right in the middle of my basket
Look at that he's
Yeah, he can go down
He's gonna be doing it. Yeah
And what are you saying we're gonna get Dolph Shaz on that team too and Johnny Kerr
Roney Ryzen you got it buddy al Bianchi. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be wonderful. Okay, sir
You know what they say downtown don't you go? He did up
Anyway, we have an open line and brown that man is just but he's coming around a little bit
He's like the Giants fan. You know he's starting to come around a little bit, which is what I'm afraid of
Cory hasn't called yet. Has he thank god
Anybody want to hear that saw?
Oh, man see Cory if you weren't such a pain in the ass. We'd play it on this show if he gives us a copy that we could hear
524 W.I.D. We have an open line and Broward. Pombi to just sitting there soaking it in as they usually do
655
9463 now. Let's see who's gonna be doing the news at 11 o'clock anybody we know. No, I can't really can't well
We'll just take pot luck. We'll come back at 11 o' 5 it eat on the corner. That must mean Marvin Ricken suds it too
Are you a basketball coach?
Get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day
Broward is 524 W I O D
Palm Beach 655 W I O D
Bells out mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star I O D
The opinions expressed with all the who say things we got. I love it. You know, I love it because I love that coach spot
You don't the where's that tape we got the Rogers got if we can steal from Reneerie who's on permanent vacation
Man, he's unbelievable. What a contract. He must have
I like to see what he does is he goes like I'm two weeks and then he does the two weeks again
Because that's the way he does everything. Where's that tape with the coax spots? I love that my favorite one is a one with the fortunes
That we used to argue about all the time about who's saying it God is that here it is. Okay
Okay, we'll get to that when we have a momentary a lull but in the meantime here's Kendall
Neil how are you today? Okay, sir. Hi, you be listen. I don't want to get too personal
But I hope you do a better job on saying your diet this time. You're right. No, hey listen
I'm the first one to admit but you know something most of us who fight this all our lives
Well, you know pretty weak because you have a hard time keeping your word on the fact that you sit over the rear
That you no more eating on your program and the system was it forever. That's right and
We really would like to have you around for a long time at least another couple of weeks anyway
Anyway Kelly said in the paper Kelly, mr. Jim Kelly. Oh Jim Kelly mr. Laugh. How's that the razor blade doing by the way Jim?
Oh, excuse me. I'm sorry. He said that
It's up to him to make the decision whether he plays or I pray he plays boy
Let's set him letters say all of us down here remember those great years at UM
We love him. We want him to play. We want him to be a star
Well, this is the link it kind of equal because Kelly will have a brace on his knee and marino will have a brace on his knee
Right
Marino's always got a brace on his knee or it kind of makes it will make it even like a higher
He's got like a sore mouth now to understand. He's got a little problem. We'll stick to your diet. We hope you lose a lot of weight
I'm gonna stick it pal. Okay, see you
Yeah, he's right no matter of fact
I got a call yesterday on the show that inspired me to do my thing about light bulb radio and a guy was right
I mean when I'm wrong I'm wrong which is most of the time and
He was right and that's what kind of awakened me to the fact that just a bunch of crap and this guy is right
Look at Oprah though see at least I didn't do that
I mean Oprah lost all that weight on drinking at puke and then she you know came on I'll never forget they kept showing that on the news
And she's spinning around and ripping off her little jacket and she looks like a twiggy and heat and look how skinny
I am and you know here she's on national TV
You know like setting this great example and she's talking up how she did this great job and now she looks like a balloon and heat
She looks like a cross between dead game Debbie Ellis and the moon man. I mean she is brittle
She's a cow and now she's saying oh don't talk to me about anymore
I just I don't want to hear about it anymore. Yeah nice job, honey
And she's got billions of dollars not millions billions with a bee which is really frightening when you stop and think about it to begin with
I wouldn't you think with her money. I mean what does she need what does she want?
What the hell do you want Oprah?
Anyway, we have an open-lump getting emotional 751 WIOD and Dave we do have one sitting there
We get very emotional when we have an open line. You know how we are Jewel and I don't prep you best into that's the way you love it, right?
I don't like that one do you it's all right?
Okay, let's take a Miami call. Hello, hey, how you doing? Okay, pal. How's your day going so great? That's good. We're glad to hear it
First standard
Nicki Minaj asked her nailette
Third mother tongue and I said some terrible
bad name of it. I'm the bee. She's with the fish. He's gonna like glucoprosis. Yeah, please
with the fish is okay, and I'd like you to play that song all day sounds like you swim with the fish is to be honest with it play what song?
The dolphin
Yes
Okay, we will come on man. We're gonna go nuts right get everybody in the mood
J.R. Saloon on Saturday a Rick and Sputter gonna be up there
That's the only way we can make spuds watch the game is have them up in a saloon give him a couple of belts
We have an open line in date County 7519 463 751 WIOD the real key to
Adjacent on not slanting what a tour this kid is that he wears suspenders which means someday
I'll probably get into radio be a program director
He's a jackass. What can I tell you boy? He'll be perfect anyway now. We have two open lines in date
Wow, where are these ladies? We heard the not slanting lady did we have one other lady today?
You see let me tell you a little clue Christmas is over the holiday shopping Hanukkah new years all the parties it's over
So all the excuses we know you're out there if we did well in women in this time on this show
We went up a little bit actually so we know you're out there and when we go to those remotes
Are you amazed by all the women who show up including many?
I want to just make a little plug for a Miriam by the way cuts my hair. She is a knockout when she would agree with that
She's beautiful. So if you horny guys out there want to get you a hair trim and
Have a good look close to Miriam and kind of like cuddle up and give a little elbow while she's trimming your thing
I'll write across this to read that they her about take she is just gorgeous. She really is
And
Evanelli nobody got her the message because she keeps like like fondling me and stuff like that while she's cutting the hair
And anyway the market's up about eight and a half points
It's 12 minutes after 11 she does she's like ready too. I think it will be right back
Can't believe I forgot to mention that the Friday night tomorrow night
Pompato Park 10th race Christmas list our stable horse is gonna be going out of the 7 hole in the 10th race Joe
Pavia is still driving and
And this time Kevin Wallace is back because he had a three day suspension
He got sit down for going too fast, I think and so he's coming back
So he'll be in there with some horse that'll leave out of there in about 26 seconds and open up a nice hole and Joel
Driving the tool get a perfect trip and come out of the stretch and wind him on I we're new for a win
You hear that Alan or else we're gonna talk about what's the name of that horse again?
If you got the program because I got mine here somewhere too that Jeff Gregory a piece
Yes, awesome wait, but here he comes hit him again Jeff. That's it
Here he comes he got his hands in easy as crawling to the line and this is like a day and a half later
Next time they put a horse out there in a track years ago. There was a horse dick McCombra
I'm sorry dick you're a great guy. Love you. He had a horse called chicken picker
Seriously chicken picker is like a cheap claimer. He came out on track
The horse looked like he wanted to lay down they bet him down based on the program to like three to five
And he ran just like Jeff's exactly the same way only worse
Jeff's awesome in the 10th race theory is
Renee and a Don
Renee it's big holiday in Quebec. You better go back and don't miss out pal. We got your bus ticket right here my Annie
Yeah, look boy, you can get on the same bus. How you doing fine stuff great?
Yeah, I wanted to tell you something about callers. Yeah, I went out there with a friend of mine
He lived there at the track so it was a pretty good handicap. Yeah, and this one horse goes off 20 to 1
We've been losing all day best two hundred dollars on the horse. Yeah, you said they can't lose. Yeah, it takes off
Yeah, wired or yeah, 18 lengths ahead up a few this qualified
Oh going into the stretch
Force balls jockey falls everybody fall horse loses
What do you think about that? What do you mean what do you mean the horse was way ahead of the field?
Ney fell trest he tripped last turn wanted to stretch
$4,000 you would have won yeah
Well, I don't want to get you depressed, but you know what I would do if I had that situation
No myself
Yeah, okay, yeah, just like somebody's trying to tell you something to who my brother Craig was out there listening serious douchebag
Have a great day foul. All right. Okay. Don't do it again
A fool and his money are soon parted. We have an open line in day 751
Well, we got a lot of we're getting a heavy duty tomorrow
We're gonna go nuts with the dolphin song. We might even play Cory song tomorrow
Do you think so should we take a vote on that?
All right, let's do a poll should we have a Gilbert on the show or should we have Cory song that she beat
Well, we'll get to the one that I like in a second
This is like a montage of all the different the big coke spots that Roger has on her for some reason
Let's go to a mobile in Miami. When is this I?
Great
Reason I call is I went to school with Jim Kelly actually I was a freshman when he was a senior
But we live in the same building are you sure you mean you am yeah, the you of M
Class of 86 that's me classes the word sir for you em football believe right?
All clear when I went to school there. What's our view about that?
I'm friend of mine from high school was the back of quarterback there is first name was Mark and
When I tell you that there was nobody
Yeah, you're right
That's right
I mean when you can't even get it when you can't even attract the student body if I can use that expression man
You got problems well, you know if you ask if you ask the
University why that is because it's an off campus ability
Can I ask you a question can I ask you a serious question before you get back to your point?
I don't want to divert your attention. How come how come so many of the students at UM are so ugly is there special reason for that?
Yeah, because a lot of them come down from Connecticut. Oh, yeah, okay bridge for it like
Everyone from the city of bridge, they must know that kid Joey that calls Rick and suds from Connecticut all the time
I must be related to him cuz he's like he doesn't have zits
He just got one like on his neck just one big one
Yeah, right is it
But anyway as they say is they say in Rhode Island. He's got zit for brains now. What is it sir?
Well, when he you know remember you probably do when he had a shoulder separation or he broke his arm or something
Yeah, and then he also had that little problem with his foot. Yeah, but he had his arm this thing for a while
Yeah, that's right. He was hanging out and he was drinking a few beers
Yeah, and then like he went into the pros and he became this major asshole right not to mention
He's ugly. Oh, Kelly you bet
Well, let me ask you this question of the I don't want to give you a whole thing here
But you have quarterbacks for example test of birdie's got to nose the size of rosanne bars ass
Coasts are has got to nose the size of the Pope's ring
I mean really you're talking really ugly people Steve Wall she's grotesque looking and can't really play that well either and
The only hope we got is Erickson if we can patch up those holes in this face heat
And this seriously if he had like no holes in his face he looked great and he's actually playing great
I can't believe it. Yeah, but he's got like no upper lip. You ever notice that no one know Sophia Coppola stole it
Oh, yeah, that's right. She's got that triple lip
Yeah, she's got somebody else's lip and the Craig got a little bit out of shape cuz before after the game and all that controversy
A coach told him keep a stiff upper lip and he got upset about that
But I don't know what happened to Jimmy was pretty cool
But an other thing I wanted to touch on other words. He's an assholes. That what you're trying to say well
Yeah, well good then I hope these starts on Saturday and I hope we just drive him into the ground into the frozen turf at rich stadium
I fat rich stadium
But I think if you you went to the game right I have a track named after me in Ohio
It's called me will that wheel down I'm losing you still there. I say I have a track named after me in Ohio
It's called kneeled down. There was a little joke sir. Now. What is it? No, I'm fading out of my phone there
You want to the game right? Yes, sir. We didn't leave the stadium until about someone was not the word for it
It was just one of the events of my lifetime. I'll tell you that I loved it
Well, I hate the game and I watch it when I got home because I was seriously dolphin intensive right and
Did you watch it the game on TV at all? I watched well
I I was saying before I somebody told me you're taping I watched parts of it last night and watch the whole thing
I watched the highlights okay
Well that one of the highlights was like
Marino when he was coming on to the field when the score was 16 to 10
Yeah, look in his face. Oh, yeah, yeah
And to be honest, you know something I got I got to tell you this now really mean it
I'm gonna try to be a shield for the dolphin Dan Marino is great as he is has never gotten the credit that he deserves in his
Town he has done so much and I know he pissed a lot of us off a few years ago when he held out and we lost the Houston game
And you know, but the bottom line is he is so good and so cool and so confident and
It's just incredible what he did
Saturday the last ten in a row and eight for eight and a fourth quarter in the clutch
You took the words right out on and then it goes back the game
We had to have a month ago against Phil adult. Yeah, he did the same thing when the chips are down
He gets the job done
You know, he didn't have a supporting cast for a while and let me tell you
I'm not a dolphin maniac like certain people
But you got to give Marino his do and I really think
That if the chips are down this Saturday and we can hang in there
Marino is gonna get the job done if there was anyone I would rather have Marino now than Montana taking care of this because Montana
Is God like superstars all around him, you know and quite frankly the rest of the dolphins are you know 75% of the rest
Team mediocre. Yeah, well, I wouldn't say 75% but he certainly didn't have you know a lot of young players
He is incredible. That's all I can tell you yeah, he's just I'm looking forward to it plus I have a feeling
Washington is gonna kick the crap out of the 49ers now
We're not really no. I hope the 49ers win. I hope we play the 49ers in the Super Bowl
Let's not get carried away. I hope Steve Young starts
Let's not get carried away. We don't want to see the 49ers anywhere for about five more years
Okay, I'll buy that less the walls comes back and starts at center. Right have a great day, sir
We're gonna kick some ass. We hope we hope see you now. You're not gonna go away. Are you Alan J?
I'm still here waiting for you. Okay, well, you'll always wait for me
Hold on a second. We're gonna do a little commercial break
You can understand that I'm sure Alan J. Finkelson is on a line
23 after 11 we have an open line in date 7519 463
Kenny Tobin is in the studio, which means if there are any important papers cover him up and we'll be right back
Okay, 1126 this better be good Alan because that a full board of calls and half of them drop
As soon as I said you run along. What is it? Neal? This is good. You asked for something the other night
Went upstairs and spoke to the judges. Yep. They're doing something about it
They would like it you would come with me when you come Friday night for Christmas list race
You bet you'll come upstairs with me. Yep. They're both. Yep. We'll sit down with them
And they'll show it to you and then I believe by Monday when you go back on you can release it to the public great
How's that excellent? Do everything a you're a fan the public supposed to be supported
That's what we want we appreciate we know you only want the right thing and so do we amen
How's that that's great? Thank you, but here he comes now wait a minute before you go and just Kenny Tobin just handed me the
Program sheet for the 10th race tomorrow
What is that?
What was that what the hell was that that was what oh?
There must be Mickey McNichol is hiding in Allen's office this morning. Is that it? This is when you appear as Mickey
You're bad. What again Mickey?
There's in the air look out in another break. Come on Mickey's straight them out now listen
We got Kiwisaki on the rail who go out in about 26 in a piece with crazy Kevin Wallace who is your best driver by the way and
The horse that I'm worried about and that Christmas you're from Michigan you wanted to tell you and here's another Michigan horse
That I'm very worried about that's gonna be the horse to beat for Christmas list
Ogden Lowell out of the two hole with Peter Ren
Another Michigan guy right Michael Gorshi that's a Norris horse look out the horse as a horse as a record of 55 last year at
Poppano Park a lifetime record of 52 and one he was off for a while
He needed the last start and he could be tough here. So I would say a two seven seven two perfect a box would be it for our fans tomorrow night
Okay, now what else we got tomorrow night along with that we got the big trot with free token there's some other big races tomorrow, right?
Yes, sir the race secretary said it'll be the best card since the breed is crowned
So I'm looking forward to having you and everybody else up excellent everybody will be on everybody who got shut out
Monday when the lights went out we had a cancel a racing bring back double the money tomorrow
We'll have a big night tomorrow night right? Okay, Alan. Thank you. Thanks Alan J. Finkelson from Poppano Park where tomorrow night
We got the big
610 W. O. D. whatever it is with Christmas list in the 10th race okay, so bring your thing out and your pass to we have an open line and
Broward 524 9463 now how do you like that did I get some action on this I went right to him and you know me
I mean I lose all the time up there
I just to take it and stride. I don't get upset
But when I see a horse that's 400 lengths behind the field and
Gasping for oxygen and that's at the start. That's at the start. Okay, let's go to Coral Springs
Hey Uncle Neil how you doing sir welcome to the real world okay welcome to a real nut house
Hey, I listen I have a senior citizen report here. I was at McDougal's
Pimbrook Pines right yeah, and
Yeah, they have the other dentures sunk into this this place pretty hard there
They're there with a napkin. Now is that is that in the glass? Oh
I saw a old bag the night she was eating a piece of minced meat pie in the glass the teeth were in a glass
Yeah, it was good. I said mince this something they were asking
I saw a guy take a whole tray take the plastic tray into his car. What's that? Oh, he's eaten that a little later on
That's for a
He has a whole closet that's for that he's got a closet full of something I bet we on a sand these bags up the Buffalo
Yeah, and have him pick that city's bones clean
What do you think? No actually what we're gonna do channel 4 understand is doing another thing with these
Colorectal tests where you send the samples in yeah, and I think we ought to set them all up to rich stadium and
Our slogan for the game can be it's in the bag right on open them up right next to Jim Kelly just before the game
There you go give him a little ether. All right. Hey, sir. Let's hope we kick some ass. Okay. Let's hope it's not our own
1130 at W. I. O. D. I mean read like I said regardless
Saturday what happens? It's been an incredible
Uplifting year and in this time of course anything could be an improvement
We have an open line in Broward 524 and Palm Beach and we had a call on Palm Beach today
I mean we're not complaining because we're doing great every place else all
Fowlers back from vacation are waiting for
1130 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in Broward 524 9463 524
I or we don't W. I.
D. Well, I don't have the right carton machine. I'm sorry Miami
Hey Neil. Yeah, I still and I have a few things you have a few things
What that school teacher would be a good start. Who is it?
What that school teacher at the game?
Yeah, she sure was and you know something she's come down a lot
I think the word is getting back to where she's making a jackass out of herself. She really got the word
She only went
three times
Marina through that tight place. I put your hands right out flat on top of the chair and just cut the crap. What is it?
And then the other thing there's a couple other things number one
I think we should take
Dopp and Denny's unit
Or put it on Gilbert. Who is this Mitchell by any chance? No, okay. No, you don't know Mitchell do you? No, I don't by the way
We have a Alan was just on the line. I wonder if they're listening over there to Pompano because Gary Sebel's a great guy
There's a great job announcing the races and is also lost a couple of pounds you get in the start
I'm gonna look like Dave game on a bad day, but Mitchell I mean Gary's got some interesting friends
He's got Mitchell from the bizarre and bizarre I think speaks for itself and
Super day was hanging around with him up there the other so Gary
I want to tell you something it explains a lot when you work for Alan think also
I guess it starts you know spreading to your friends well I think you're bringing I'd like to say to you
You do every year such a wonderful job for a mille of south my friends who's big
Big man, you go to the big man. How big? Yeah, and you do a great job couple other things number one. Yeah
I think that
Yeah
I'm down. I don't get excited. Let us do the over here sir. You just keep pressing on I'm just excited. Okay
Henry Bittles said he was thinking about bringing you a drink today
Yeah, yeah, yeah, um
Get who is on today show one of your favorite yet? Yeah, I know, but we don't talk about them sir
So we don't really care piss on that 1132 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in date counties 7519 463 and one in Palm Beach
Palm Beach ought to do something pretty soon. What are you in here sucking around for is there some special reason?
What are you looking for information in here Palm Beach 655 9463?
This is the walking leak is a matter of fact over here. So maybe he'd fit in on that thing keep a scheme
Yeah, yes sir. How you doing?
I've been procrastinating long enough for the
Well, I was just gonna say it's funny. You should you took her right out of my mouth
We have a hundred eight thousand six hundred and one dollars
We had a couple of checks dribble in here today
So we need another a 1400 to get to 110 which I think would be just a real nice rounding up total
Listen, can I get a t-shirt to if I send in the
Contribution and enough to cover postage. Yes. What would that come to a hundred bucks a
hundred and the tape and the t-shirt right
Did you follow any of what was happening? Why did my sir at long in other words don't hold my breath is that what you try to say?
Oh, no, just writing it sounds like you're breathless at that point come out to Pompo tomorrow
So we'll give you a couple of steps you can make some money. Are you gonna have the t-shirts there?
What it's just a joke. It's just a little joke. No, you got to send in through the mail
All right, I'll get it or if you come by the where do you live?
Well if you come by the station like when we're open during business hours for 40 bucks they'll sell you a t-shirt and a tape out front
You have the t-shirts there and the tape. Yeah, I'm not exciting. That's great. Yeah
That's better than a hundred but I'll listen to me. Well a response. I got obviously I don't want to squeeze you too hard
Okay, if you're part of that expression
I mean it sounds like a hundred would be asking you much and we only expect people to you know give what they can afford
Who's the tiger broadcast?
Ernie Harwell
Ernie Harwell Ernie Harwell this year
The people at WJ by the way, man, it's made a very good plan. Man, it was right on top of the story
Did they have the wrong call it or so Jim WGR is in Buffalo?
Okay, WJ are is in Detroit and you think that a guy who went to the University of Michigan and an Arbor would know the difference between
WJ are the great voice of the great lakes and WGR and I've got for second toilet called Buffalo on the shores of Lake Erie
Yeah, I heard it first. It was Shemba in fact reached stadium
What is it radio management?
Right well, no, he's he's gonna be there this year. This is gonna be advised here unless the fans protest and all of that stuff
I know they got to be going crazy. I hope the people at WJ are get a hernia. Okay. I want to wish them all
I want to wish all those
Two stacks up there at WJ are a happy new year. Yeah, I hope their thing freezes to the tower in the middle of February
Ernie Harwell is great as a matter of fact Ernie Harwell
You know that thing I have played by play on a radio that we play sometime
Ernie Harwell is on that so I'm gonna would dig it out and
Okay, have a great day sir
Ernie Harwell Hall of Fame broadcaster would be all-time greats even though he's getting up there and here's
He's still has a great job that would be like WGN in Chicago
I this would be an exact parallel it would be like WGN in Chicago saying why do you get a little bit too old Harry
We're gonna retire you after this season
Right
It's 1136. We have an open line void you realize how many weeks now to spring training about five or six something like that
Are we gonna cancel the season because we're going to war?
See I don't understand that I mean there's nothing funny about war and obviously it's a horrendous thing and a lot of people
Disappointed they yesterday's meeting brought about nothing all well that wasn't too much of a surprise when you know who you're dealing with over there
But I mean just like this show I'm not gonna stop here and sit and sob every day because uh, you know
I mean, that's just the insanity of life. That's the world we're living in okay
So life has to go on
We have an open line indeed
751
Philosophy 751
W.I.O.D. Hit him again, Jeff come on one more time here. He goes now. He's smoking in the stretch. We'll be right back
Must be loaded. Oh excuse me 20 till noon at WI O.D. Here's a mobile and beautiful fart lottery
That's Palm Beach now Neil well good luck to you sir
How about we put you back on hold we can talk you about Daytona Daytona to be pretty exciting
Now I just want to tell you there's a cop throughout there everywhere a big report
Yeah, they're everything to figure everywhere
Yeah, all up and down 95 what are they doing?
Probably each other what is it?
Great isn't it nice to know that you're safe sir? Yeah, what think about this time boy?
There are never any crime never any murders no drug problem because our friends in blue and black are out there doing it
These are black and yellow out here
Anyway, oh fhp pigs. Yeah, okay. I
Got your tape
Yeah, that's a great tape. It is great even loaned it to my
douchebag friend from New York. You know that some of the troops are listening to that tape over in Saudi Arabia
Like huh? Yeah, they'll do it for good. No, seriously. That's true
I sent a complimentary one to
Saddam and saying you know, yeah, that should do it probably now we're gonna send him Gilbert
I think that may make our last minute last minute agreement instead of Jim Baker yesterday
They should add Gilbert over there with Aziz
Just change to the capital of Kuwait
No, I think they can get the hell out real quick or if not that still sounds like good idea
Anyway, I loaded to my douchebag friend from New York and
Every time I mention now I was in the New York. I don't listen to anything
I have no longer in the Howard Stern for years. You know nothing's good
That's he really enjoyed it. Well, even Howard likes this show. So tell him that that may butcher him up a little bit
True. Anyway, uh, if most they enjoy the tape okay
And look out for those pigs have a great life. Thank you
Great American with a pig reported 1141. There's an open line on the star line star out there
I'm not giving poppy channing workers nobody calls on it north my Annie
Hello a lady
Yes, this is Sophie. Oh, Sophie. How you doing Sophie? Well, that's close enough to a lady for us
Yeah, and that's a good truth. I saw you at the card shop in many places. Why is that well? I have diabetes too
But I asked the woman once it evident here about that system that you're going on and she says it's not for diabetics
Wrong
Sophie my doctors are already giving me to slip. There's no one has nothing to do with diabetes
So instead of just asking some woman in the bizarre
I think I talked to a doctor first. No, no
I go to the doctor's once a month. Yeah, and I'm on a thousand calories today
And my husband takes my blood every morning for my finger. What was this morning?
79 oh great that's terrific
But listen, yeah, eat a lot you can eat a lot a thousand calories a day
Sophie, I'm already doing great. Okay, honey. I appreciate your concern, but I'm doing wonderful
I feel like a teenager feel like Alex better
Over at aperture that day that Alex was supposed to be there and he got lost yeah, and
I asked four five nice beautiful young ladies and they said if you're a diabetic stay away
Let me let me say it again. Sophie. There is no problem. Okay. My doctor is one of the top diabetes doctors in the world
And he already said there is no problem. I have his blessing. Okay, well
Between you and doctor scholar Sophie. I'll listen to doctor scholar with all due respect. Sophie. Have a great day
Hey
Sophie and Gilbert and Mitchell
Oh, man. Where's that caravan for Baghdad?
Put them in the bag dad
Let's take a cool from not North Miami's
Whole laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll I'll be on a date or a business meeting and
and
Excuse me see see what happened frequent burping syndrome. It can ruin your life
But it doesn't have to now there's a clinic that can help
trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers a special place known as
burp inders gosh burp inders saved my life
Joanne and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but
I just knew that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper, you know
Er
Burp inders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches no more stopping in mid-sittance to
One cork a big cheesy blaster
Just caring professionals and to help you need don't wait here's the number to call
5252877
That's 525
bye
Burp inders call today and stop being so gross
Oh
Hey, that's it. That's it
That's it right that's the fortunes you got your troubles and I got mine great boy
Unbelieve well, I like to be like it is gigantic auditorium with all these surround sound like millions of big booming poke speakers
vibrating all through the auditorium and just hearing that in like
Quadrophonic sound whatever happened to quadrophonic sound big bomb, huh
Now what is it Cheryl? What is that my male?
Well, thank you so much and doesn't Cheryl look
Manly today lovely. Well you said oh you got that on I thought you were wearing that shmati
You brought in before that your son wouldn't refuse to wear because it was so grotesque
Well, thank you. That's nice. We got we should be I like close to 109,000
We're gonna go over 110,000 for commos house folks if you get off your ass and get on the stick
Thank you and you look lovely in my t-shirt sparkling colorful
And say a goodbye
Okay, anyway, it's nine minutes past noon. We got some more stuff to open up here in a second
We do have two open lines in brow. We are especially soliciting women in broward. Would you understand is illegal
a 524
9463 524 not for any particular reason. It's just that the sitting during the holidays women just got busy
And Mary Mary's on the phone. Oh from Bucks, North, Pennsylvania
Hi, Neil Mary's never too busy for us. Oh, you got that right. I got my tape in the mail. It's great
45 minutes ago. I was in Palm Beach, but I had to hurry on down to have to call you from here
I'd get out of there quick if I if I woke up and found myself in Palm Beach County
I would think I died and went to purgatory
I'm on my way even as we stick to go and seek out farthest rate great
And you haven't seen it? Not yet on
Fathom fat unbelievable. I'm on my way and I'm taking your words for it. You say it's good. Baby. It's good
It is good. I mean, you know, I mean don't try to compare it to anything else just as they say sit back and enjoy it
Well, if I can understand what they're saying in the theater where I'm going to see it, I will you will and
Oh
We have a lovely brand new puppy in the family. I'm going through what you went through a while back. Oh great. We have a great gain
Wow, and she's a mama. Quinney. Have you ever heard of those? A what? Manigan?
Does she know Andrew McCarthy? No, he's blue more and Harlequin. Let's talk to you about Andrew McCarthy and Rob Lowe later in the show
Well, listen, I hope you what's your name? Her name is Dixie
Dixie isn't that great as you were like a little rebel flying over here
You're a competitor. Great. Oh, yeah, isn't that cute? Mm-hmm. Well listen, Mary Mary. Let me know how you like the movie
Bye-bye
Bye-bye 10 past noon at W. I. O. D. We got a smattering of openings on the phone there
We're getting pretty disgusted about it too. We got
Don't like oh look at that the way she's hanging at Stogie from her that the thing from her lip in there
That is so disgusting and so butchy Lane it is so what are you trying to be like? Humphrey Bogart without the steel balls
We have an open line in Broward 524 W. I. O. D. in the starline for our Bell South mobility friends who are very sure to money
Is also open. It's a free call. We pay for it and we're used to adhere on your island dream
610 W. I. O. D. In fact, I have a feeling lots of people in North Bay, Villager used to pay in for it star
I. O. D. If you're on Bell South mobility give us a jingle, okay? Let's do a little break. Okay. Let's do a little short one
Okay, how about cutting the crap 1214 at W. I. O. D. Look at Palm Beach
Don't you feel lonely up there? Don't you feel like some kind of like rejects from the human race? I would
If I lived in Palm Beach. We have a lady in Pembroke Pines
I'm not even excuse me. How you doing fine? Are you okay? Oh, I just want to tell you that I saw the guy found a two
point three and um I have not enjoyed it quite a bit great. Thanks. Thank you. And you know, it's like deep in my blood
Are you so sitting? Definitely
All the way there are bread and
I you know, I thought it was very good and very well done
And you're right. So if you was
a pit and when somebody comes on CBS and says Sophia is just a lovely typical Italian young lady. Oh, no
Don't you think the Italian depot the Italian depot see I remember Sophia Lorraine and Gina a little abridgera and those are
Italian young ladies I don't think they look like her. I know leave me. I don't have lips like her if I go
But anyway, um also I wanted to say go dolphin
Behind them all the way
My
You bet my work at tomorrow. We're gonna go nuts. We're just gonna go crazy. I know I know I just can't wait
I'm gonna be full full intensive all weekend. I've got this weekend off and I'm just gonna
Yeah, front of TV once
With days. Yeah, but um anyway, I another thing I want to mention is that you were talking about women's drivers about two weeks ago
And it was so funny because I was coming out from work one night down a turnpike golden glades there
And I'm trying to get over it to pay my toll
As you get on right on the turnpike there and who comes whipping down on a long side of me and I've got my blinker
I'm trying to go over but you
Really and you wouldn't give me a chance to get in there to pay my toll. Hey, I don't monkey around
I was just trying to get I was trying to get out of your way. I know I said he talks about women's drivers
Hey, I happen to be an outstanding driver
I really do yeah, so if I've been driving a long time
But I just had to mention that because it was such a no ironic well next time I need to start to do that
I just sold up one finger. Okay, I'll know what you I gave you a couple I gave you all the talents to lose good
There we go. I can relate to it. But I love your remote
I was the earliest Friday and the ones before that and in fact, I'm gonna go back to more and collect on the ticket
Great. You know, I
So it's been very exciting
Yeah for here for here. Okay, let's do it Saturday. Okay. All the way golf. Don't go dolphins. Thanks. Hi
1217 at W.I.O.D. We have a no see the thing with a turnpike tolls is such a
I have lost my patience not that I have much to begin with because every time I get to no matter where I go if I go to exact change or the change line
There's some idiot in front of me who's asking for directions to Nebraska and got the 116 receipts and the oh, it's just
It's pathetic. Okay, what are we gonna get those little automatic baskets? Okay?
And stop with this crap already not that I'm anti-social
I don't want to get my hand scratched by the ladies with a 20 inch fingernails of the told to booth
But enough is enough already just like a good little basket
Because you know what we say about that anyway. You want to hear about a fabulous restaurant actually three
You know retirement just wasn't my style
So I began working nights down here as a janitor in this whole office building
Just to keep busy, I guess because
Pays well, oh man, I'm waiting with anyway. Oh, hey, there's the big cheese now. Big how you doing tonight? Hey
I'm doing you have it a pretty tough night. Yeah
Tonight night you're gonna watch it and watch the game tonight. Yeah, I met across the street free pizza beer night over there
I'm pretty tough day. I thought I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah
Well, I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here to antennas kind of shaking
I'm looking at a big screen color TV over there. It's best picture ever seen. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture
I heard it is glad you're like to be there when you know I got all my work done
Oh really? You're all done. Yeah, you're supposed maybe I could well, let's say what
Maybe I got my BMW in the garage. I got a blop-woop Nick radio and there I can pick up the you can drive me anything
No, no, I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wicked stand in the back seat
Yeah, I've got some stuff in the trunk you can clean it up with us. Simonize it. I'll be back in about two hours
And I'll maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza, okay dad
Well, dad, listen, thanks a lot to hear my keys and be careful on the scratch the car now
I'll be back in about two hours two hours
Yeah, I got one
You're not gonna bring why you uncraped you extra said you were worth was
Hell you can't be my son nobody's that uncraped well you breath
I'll take your insane BMW and run that mother right into the damn river
You're worth nothing to someone's attention. I could good stop bringing a whole thing
This message brought to you by the National Curse Foundation
And remember our motto
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney about 23 at W. I. D. There is an open line in Broward at 524 W. I. D. What I want between now and two
I want somebody to call on the Palm Beach line and say hi. This is Jane. I'm calling from Lake Worth
Wouldn't that make you feel better?
655 9463
655 W. I. O. D. I will not rest all day
Until we get there online 8655 W. I. O. D.
W. I. O. D.
And then say
No, not good good voice for it
Okay, let's take a call from Miami. Hello hold on a second W. I. O. D. Hi Joe Contan cargable
Oh
Okay, W. I. O. D. Hey, it's Jane. Like, where are you doing Jane?
Great. Okay, have a great day, Jan. Thanks a lot. I feel better. What is it sir?
Neil. Yeah, how you doing great? Hey, uh, baseball
Yeah, we're in there. Um, I got I got I got a little situation here that happened to me last night and I want to
Tell your buddy in radio land to see what I could do about this. Okay, great.
So I appreciate your your time and effort and hearing this this out. Okay. Okay. Last night coming home from work
I I got a flat tire parked it in a gas station
right off the Palm Edo and uh
And I let uh I let the the attendant know that I was gonna be right back and I was gonna change the tire. I didn't have a spare
force to it. Yeah, so what happened was I got back and and it wasn't there. Yeah, they told the car away
this morning I called the
The towing company and they said do you have my car there? They said yeah, we sure do have your car there and
uh, it was authorized by the owner to get towed. So I called the owner. I'll pissed off the owner of what? Huh?
The owner of the gas station. Oh, I see. You know what I mean? So I called the owner. I told them, hey, you know, I had a flat tire
You know, why are you gonna tow a car away? I was gonna be right back. You know, I'll stop. I guess we'd do that
Excuse me. What kind of a geek would do that exactly? So what happened? I called you
I was talking to the owner and he said wait wait a second. Wait. I didn't call anybody
I didn't call no tow truck to tow anybody's car away
You know, I'd I'd wait a couple days to see if they pick it up or they don't pick it up
Don't away sound like one of the strangest stories ever towed now
No, but listen to this but listen to this it gets better. I called the tow company then I told the tow company ain't
You know you guys are running in legal business here. You guys can't be doing that
First of all when a car is on private property, right when I when I cars are private property
They can't tow it away unless they get permission from the owner of that property. Yeah
Well, let's say we're owner requests it
Well, they have to have a sign received they got the owner has to sign a receipt to tow it to tow that car that particular car
Right, but he's got to ask him. He's got to ask him to tow it away and he's got to sign it
They can't just come there and do it arbitrarily
No, it's exactly and that's exactly what they did. You went and they went inside they would they they went in
They took the liberty of they've towed in the car. So what's the upshot sir?
The upshot is I don't know what the hell to do
I've called these city attorneys office they'd there's give me the runner-out. I called the cops they're giving me the runner-out
I don't know what the hell now where is anybody out there? Where is this? Where is this?
This is right out the palm head off 58th Street
It's a mobile gas station and I left the car there and
If anybody knows anything that I could do I'd really appreciate you. I have one suggestion. You might not like it. What's that?
Something to think about good luck found all right
Thanks, okay. What a pilot craft. Why are they so why are there somebody nasty?
Surly rotten
Disagreeable this towing thing. That's one of the biggest scams going anywhere
Remember when in Fort Lauderdale where towing everybody's car away and it turned out there was this gigantic scandal
And everybody was getting kickbacks
You showed me one of these uh deals where they give one of these towing places a contract
And I'll show you one of the greatest scams in the history of mankind. It is the biggest joke and the biggest ripoff
And some of the pigs you know get kickbacks on this stuff. I I don't want to go into it. It's depressing right Betty Betty
Yeah, uh, I think we do need a campaign to get rid of dolphin Danny. Let's get the double-eyed
The
How dog George Lorenz the W I O D how dog what was that that's before my time well that's been
In the orange bowl they used to have the how dog the dolphin mascot on the sideline
We don't need dolphin Danny. Yeah, amen. Let's run a campaign to run dolphin Danny's ass up to buffalo and stick it in the lake ury
Good deal good deal because I guess everybody hates him like poison huh right kind of useless
Right and go dolphin. Amen Betty. Thank you. Have a great life. We're with you 100% that's Betty from a steward by the way
Okay, send anybody wants to look her up
We have an open-minded brown or five two four nine far bitchie dolphin Danny wants to look her up
Stick around a tower and one end. Oh
He grabbed it. I can't believe you go ahead. I'll I can handle it anyway. Let's go to a pompano
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay so far. Okay. I like to just tell you that I agree with you
100% about honest drivers
Think of time have to do something
think of fine
think of time Alan think of time have to do something about it because it's not fair to the public some of these people are driving me crazy, you know it
It's it's yeah, I've been doing there like 12 years
Have you ever seen any any wait a minute you still have your pants on you've been there for 12 years wow
Lucky guy
No
No
Come on. I saw Raymond Scholler win a race once I even saw Donald Brainer would have raised but I think it's about 10 years ago
I'm serious
Well everybody's got to make a living you know they got a little horse out there and the how about Richard can't happen 56 and four
Look out there. He goes
No, I wish I would have been I might have but no I would have lost some money. I think Mark Metzger had two winners last night
Didn't he yeah, not for me
He's in a Donald Brainerd school at Vernon down
He is
Better than he is
Michelle like I said Michelle Sue
I did years ago
Yeah, I heard you in Detroit
Indeed choice. Yes, sir. Do you have any love for them?
Well as matter of fact I used to go to the Mount Elliott soup kitchen for dinner so that you can get idea once I got into it
It was it was fun, but the little expensive you know to the expensive game
Because I think in maybe they are Iod could yeah something like that have a nice life fell
1230 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward 5249 463 524 W.I.O.D. and is one on the star line at star I.O.D
star
I
How come I never have that cart and they're all day today. I've got so much of this other cramped going every time I want to play a card
I got like
There it is
Our favorite W.I.O.D. at 1231. Let's take one in Miami. When is the SMA go?
Deal. Yes, ma'am. Hi. How are you doing? Fine. I've never called before. Well, isn't this exciting? See how paneless it is already
How are you? I'm doing great. How's about you?
Pretty good. I saw the godfather. Yeah, and I have a dumb question. Okay. Who is Eli Wallace? Which one is he?
He is the old Don Ducebag the guy who's with the cane who's kind of like the snake in the grass the old man
Who gets up and runs out when it before they have the big hit?
He's in any goes to the assassin to take care of Michael Corleone. Oh, yeah, the guy that eats the canollis
Okay, yeah, one one can only too many
Well, I went to go see him the steerer. Yeah, and as soon as Corpola's daughter came out somebody behind me
It's a couple of guys started you know laughing as to the about ugly. She was. Yeah, I thought it was so funny
Same thing happen when I saw it the second time because I've got everybody prepared for this now
So I know so soon as she comes on they all start tittering and puking and throwing up their popcorn go nuts
Well, continue me a favor. Sure anything for you
I'm looking around for the soundtrack the part one and it is discontinued. Yeah
So if I send you a tape could you tape it for me? You bet. Thank you
And in fact remember the guy called me that which is where you got this idea from? Yeah, never sent me the tape really good
Yeah, so you're first online. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Have a happy
Die everybody together here we go
I could have been a contender. No, it's a wrong movie Marlon come on
Pro 32 at WIOD we have an open line. That was a great movie on the waterfront with Eva Marie Saint
Lee J. Cobb one of the greatest actors in the history of film how come Bill Cosford never talks about Lee J. Cobb
One of the great actors. He was good in Ephraises too. Remember he was the police inspector. Do you see exorcist?
He was great. Remember the scene where he's he's going after the priest he keeps trying to uh drum some information
He says answer the question father paranoia
That's my favorite one of the favorites next to of course the scene where the bar the priests are in the bar
And they're playing rambling man by the almond brothers in the background. That is a great scene even Chuck Meyer
He lost his mustache during that scene. It fell right off his face like Jerry Colona remember Jerry Colona dead or alive
Good one for you. Excellent
What was I talking about Lee J. Cobb dead or alive not even warm anymore Lee J. Cobb very dead but a great actor tremendous outstanding
On the waterfront I could have been a good tender. That's all I remember and then it was Marty
What do you want to do Marty? And what do you want to do that was like for two hours
That's all they said what do you want to do? Who was in Marty or in his borg9 and somebody the bunch of folks
We have an open line in date counties seven five one war seven five one nine four six three
Hey, what do you want from me? Okay, I'm gonna get the national football league
Let me ask you this Chuck if we were about to play the world series the pirates and the a's for example
Don't you wish and we were about to go into war
Okay
Playball playball okay my kind of guy
Uh like I said that's of course the credibility of our news department ladies and gentlemen
Just got a real good insight into it
751
Kill the bastards is our number in date and we'll be right back
Like a consumer problem and jack atherton and I he does a good job on channels for us
But he's kind of like doesn't he look like people used to look in the thirties
Not a bad looking guy, but he looks like he's in the wrong decade
He talks like this. Yeah, right all the time does he but uh let's put him on joy 107 who just declared chapter 11 by the way
Did you know that oh yeah the whole company did chapter 11 over joy one oh sorry. I guess there's no joy at 107
So he's gonna be on jack athert
He's gonna be on from eight to nine and I guess we'll take calls, but we're talking the other day about how
The whole consumer action thing is kind of falling down in a lot of places. It's a great way to get stuff done
It's a great kind of feature to watch because you learn stuff and um he may be doing the best job
Yeah, he does a real good job. He does
Did you see the number they did on by wise one day last week? Yeah, why they did a wild number because the guy had tried to buy the
TV said from the ad in the paper precisely. Yeah, oh man
And he injected a nice job and followed up on it and just had all his stuff right out there
So he'll be pretty good and as I understand he listens to this station and he's uh, you know, he's kind of a fan
So it'll be nice to be by that everybody. You know that doctor is why do I keep calling him a doctor Steve Greenberg on six is he a doctor?
Yeah, oh, yeah, well, I guess I see the related Fred shots
Oh, but uh, Steve Greenberg listens and that's where you found Jeff at pizza locked in his wife
Where we're getting the feelings out of their teeth and put them on TV to give him some more publicity
Which they need like hemorrhoids, but yeah, yeah
Uh, so Jack should be okay and then I've got this other guy on who um has done 50 ways to pave over the earth and
And you know, we're all pretty in mind. This would be a good time for it by the way exactly drive over the bag day
Exactly. It's gonna be eight lanes. No waiting. Yeah, all green lines the new auto bond and though
We also have the dead or alive playoffs again this weekend in preparation for the football
I would pencil in not for this week but like in about to 10 15 days
I put it a saddam Hussein analyst dead or alive. I think it'd be a real good one. You seen the Iraqi calendar
Yeah, and you saw that the Baghdad weather forecast is for partly cloudy 2000 degrees
So yeah, all that those jokes are making the go around you know, they are gonna get bombed in the dark ages
You don't understand that well, you know, you did you hear Rick and so I was on with Rick and suds for an hour yesterday
The only reason I preface that is because I said I don't believe there will be a war. I really don't know. I don't you think
Perez the quay are is going to uh, no as I'm gonna threaten to unleash all the Mexicans on a rack is that what's gonna do?
Well, Perez the quay are in Hussein don't get along anyway. I guess he's bashed who's saying in the past about human rights and they don't get along
But I just think that there's there's time left and um some cooler heads will prevail
You know, I think there's one on the if time you must be I think I'm the only person who believes that but I really do you see what happens when you're a Pirates fan
Pulled against the reds like that
You're speaking of spring you realize it's just a few weeks. It's incredible. Isn't it and we didn't have spring training last year to speak off
So it'll be right and it seems like only yesterday that the cubs choked against the
Giants and the pirates choked against the red so the day before yesterday will come to june
I can't wait. I want the cubs are gonna be great this year. We are they are all you have to do is get at least one picture back
Well, you know, but I can make a cover like he will probably come back if he could be anything
I thought that's scary with bell and Dawson in the same outfield. Yeah, I mean it is they dug a descenzo
I hope they never have like a three-way collision in the outfield nobody ever see descenzo again. Yeah
I'm worried about the pirates. They're too cheap
They've lost no supreme so many first baseman out there they could have gotten and they didn't get anybody
And they're gonna they resign Carmelo Martinez. I saw they were doing. I one of those on a satellite
They they were interviewing Bobby Bonilla. I gotta be honest with that he is
Out of uniform. He is a bright. He's a good-looking. He's an intelligent guy articulate and in uniform
He looks like buster brown in the uniform. It's two sizes too small looks like a goop ball. Yeah
Yeah, he does amazing. It's true on camera and off the field. He's really a funny guy. Yeah, real perceptive. I hope they keep him
He's you know, you see you got to have some you got to sell some tickets. Yeah, see that's the problem up there
I want to bring up something about about the town as a bush league thing and I basically I agree with that
But you know do you realize how many cities had trouble selling out their playoff games last weekend?
Philadelphia
Needed the extra day to sell out for the wait a minute
Philadelphia need the extra day because they had the same deal we did they didn't know until like a couple of days before
When it was gonna be and those fans are fanatics and they usually sell a taco didn't sell out until like an hour or two before they had deadline
They have a hundred tickets like exactly and they just sold out and they did sell them. Yeah, no
Is the argument? Well, they're so used to play off that they can't get excited for new Orleans in a wild card game
I don't know. Maybe that's an argument, but the fact is that a lot of cities have had trouble selling out how many people does soldiers
Feed old seats 64 was that all yeah, why is that not used to be a huge stadium? That's an archaic place
Well, you know when they built that place was like over a hundred thousand seats. Yeah, they cut off what I was thinking
Yeah, oh, they cut off their end. Yeah, they cut off their end. I think Tom's that kind of problem
Allah, hey, I feel sorry for him because he's like lost
He had a couple of good moments in that game and against the Saints. That's all you need is a couple of good moments
But you know what the giants are gonna do them. Do you think you're gonna eat them up?
I eat them up. I mean, they don't only got to do a show up and that's it
That could be a real physical fun game to watch though
There is a pretty weak, but if they had a hardball, I might have a shot
But do you remember years ago
Soldier Field was the place remember where they used to play the college all-star game every year
The NFL champion would play college all-stars. It was a charity game in Chicago
And one year that game was lightninged out in the third quarter
They had a huge rainstorm and there was lightning hitting all over the stadium
And they canceled that game in the third quarter. It's a little soldier field trivia for you there
Like I said jack Athens is gonna be like a brush your fresh air
On while we're just killing time you'll baseball season that's all I thought we were killing fancill two o'clock
No, no, I got we got a lot of calls here
But I just wanted to give you because jack Atherton is a nice job
He may not be rick Sanchez
But at least the people know who he is and it's a but you may not let people call in and do their things
What is the purpose of him gonna be here just a show just a shield for his show and channel four?
Absolutely. What the hell have they done for us? That's all the problem
Let me point something out to you
I do this thing every year and I don't look for any publicity and I never get it so I'm not disappointed
But we raised a hundred we're gonna go over 110,000 for Camilla South
Do you think that's worth like a 10-second blip on the local newscasts?
I can't believe that there hasn't been some coverage of it zero
Nobody in this town could do zero
What I'm over here ripping the hurricanes after that and the right away they send a pet the Harrington Jr
Whatever his name is over here. I'm right away about it. Yeah
But I'm done. It's just a sad it really is a congratulations on that incidently because
Well, thank you so much for tough and but look at the numbers you went way over last year
And you were gone for a while anyway and I thought it's nice
I think because we did so well
I think another couple of weeks will be deserved right now until baseball starts
Yeah, no, I mean no, I don't mean that I mean vacation because when I've gone for a little while
It starts the sympathy dollar storm. You want to do the spring training circuit this year go to some some other games out of town
Or just going to hang out and fort lauderdale and root on your favorite Yankees
In other words, you're asking do I go to spring training games? Yeah, I don't go to spring training games. I don't I'm not interested
How about Mesa Arizona's note. How about a Neil that was trip to Mesa? Oh, that would be great
You know, that's a good idea, but who now wants to go Mesa Arizona spot
Out how close is it to Phoenix? How close? 10 miles? Oh, so it's like a suburb. Yeah, exactly
Basically, that's not 100,000 people great. They got a dog trekking Phoenix. They do
How much else don't know if turf paradise is still open? No. Oh, yeah, it is
It is yes, it is I was opposed now. It's reopened. Yeah, your paradise is open Phoenix is nice. Good thinking
We could go to a steve stones restaurant out there. Yeah, you could go up to pinnacle peak over in Scottsdale
Chomp on some steak. We could talk to all the old Yenthas and Scottsdale and Sun City and
Oh, hey, hey good idea. All right. Oh, thank you Chuck Chuck. Myra will be here with a dead of alive
Saddam Hussein on Saturday dead of a live Phil Saltsman ladies and gentlemen is on a phone from call
Is that a call from Rochester online three? Hello? Hello, are you in Rochester? Sure, I've been by the bars right now
Now come on
Are you cereal? Yeah, are you calling?
MX Game last night. Are you calling us collect? Yes, you're in your whole bottom won't you? Yeah, okay
Here's a guy at a pay phone inside Don and Bob's in Rochester on Monroe Avenue. You're on Monroe Avenue, right?
Uh-huh
Yeah, hold on a second see what I discovered there is line six is dead
That's good. You hear that click because I punched two at once hold on a second. Okay. Okay, no don't go away
Okay, we have an open line in Broward one on the star line star i.o. D. Let's study speaking a horse racing golf stream
Home of the Florida dur- believable right sir
Yeah, really unbelievable incredible. I would buy you a few white hats. Yeah, sure
I had some white hats yesterday. Oh, yeah, well, what are you eating right now? You haven't lunch? I had lunch
Yeah, I had a bacon cheese burger. Oh, oh
Those cheeseburgers that Don and Bob are the greatest in the world with hot sauce and grilled onion
Oh god
Right next to Brighton element right next to Brighton primary school actually an elementary where I went I went to
I went to schoolers or can you believe that an elementary schooler?
You went to school? Yeah, you can look out the window and see where I graduated elementary school. Are you excited?
Man, I can't take oh
I'm up here. Last night. I went to an Emmer's game. Yeah, great. Oh, I'm believe what I think
I'm going to be a major good. What was the score? I love it
Unbelievable. My any Chadwick was in gold. I'm more of a professional game sadly. Yeah
My final is that season ticket now. What's the weather like up there right this moment?
26 how much snow on the ground? Not much a few inches
No, I'm talking about the snow
No, seriously. You got a few inches and that's not much
No
Really
It's not the trick though. No, I'm talking about the snow now. You got like five six inches of snow on the ground
Yeah, and it's 26 now. What's the forecast, you know
Uh, it's supposed to be snow where they heard it's going to be in the in the mid-teens with a game Saturday
And uh, this one it's snow flurry's um Friday night. They said
I'm not sure. Yeah, so about like it is now then. I'm sorry. So it's going to be about like it is now
nasty bitter windy little snow flurry here and there
Right up our alley. I think maybe Jim Kelly. Jim Kelly might a lot about what?
Yeah, that's the thing Jim Kelly might trip over a snowflake. Yeah, I don't think so
Are you a buffalo fan? Huh? You're not a bills fan are you?
Hey, I said to that crap in the good old days when cookie-gill christ and Darryl Amanek and Jackie Kempore they're
Winning Old AFL those with the days in Buffalo in the old stadium
Those with the days that's when
That's when men were men and women were thinking about it
Well listen have a great time and uh, root for the dolphins. We need your help
And okay, take care call from Don and Bob's man
What the hell more could we want right? We hear from Phil Saltsman, Hank Goldberg and Don and Bob's like in succession
Are we doing it or what? Not in Palm Beach though, and I don't really care anymore
I'll be honest with you. They've turned me off in Palm Beach County
You know you can give me all this crap. Oh everybody up here in Palm Beach. Yeah, they're all a bunch of deadheads, okay
All right now they could redeem if somebody will call on the Palm Beach line say like this is uh
A Jenny in Jupiter would be good
655 W I O D
Jenny
Jenny oh, it's too far. Okay, now I want somebody to call on the Palm Beach line Jenny from Jupiter come on Jenny
We need ladies in Palm Beach 655
night W I O D
now Jenny
Who is this is Frank Frank from Palm Beach? Yes, sir my car speaking right in a mobile in Palm Beach. Yeah, wow
I just came from the stadium. I got tickets for braves and ex-bows and the reds are coming to town
Yeah, I'm psyched great. It's only one a month and a half away. Yes, sir. We're gonna be doing our spring thing
I am going to be flying I am ready
Listen, I got some bad news though. I got next week's fourth illustrated. Yeah, and Dan marinos on the cover
Oh, geez, are there what are they trying to give us the canary that every time man
Every time I wish they'd cut that crap out. They must be betting on the bills, huh? Well, you heard it here first and I'm not too happy about it
Thought you'd like to know don't tell Danny about it. Okay, keep it a secret. Okay, but okay, bye. I
Hank by the way tonight's got the I oh geez when he was I didn't have time because we spoke during the break
I should have asked him about Dave Barry
Did you notice in Hank's promo Hank was like floundering to try to find something to say about Dave Barry
Hank you be to just said that twerp Dave Barry see the reason Dave Barry is gonna be on it's because he writes for the hero and Hank's
agency handles the hero and Hank's great and all of that, but he probably feels sorry for Dave because he's so short
Anyway, oh, we got some good. We're gonna go over 109,000 today
We're already over 109 today just incredible. So please if you haven't got your best in Neil tape yet get that 20 bucks check or more in a mail
This weekend like today tomorrow and over the weekend and then Monday and Tuesday
We can open up a gigantic amount of mail and really go away over the top. It's been just unreal
Speaking of unreal Elaine head tourist
Okay, how about the little loan board. There's a guy made twenty some million dollars in one year and blew every dime of it
What a guy not too many people could do that a lot of people cream
He had those uh bit and off
Oh, earth a kid
Who was it that earth a kid bit on the lift? Do you remember that story years ago? No
Jesus was some famous person and earth a kid. I mean she bit him on the lip
Kind of like the scene in the godfather three where he bites the guys ear off. I like that. I haven't seen it yet
I think it's interesting when people like bite body parts off. Yeah depending course on what part it is
Well, who was it the yet trumpeter player got hit in the lip with a a brick remember that album
Al hurt. Yeah, he did the zal hurt you bet exactly. You bet your sweet ass
So I just stopped by to tell you that you can tell him comments. Yes bill cost for it has great taste in radio
But movies knows nothing. Well, first of all look. I like billy's a friend of mine is good guy when I see a great guy
but
Totally bogus he doesn't live in this town. He listened jersey almost all year
He's never here. He's either at a film festival or in jersey. Oh really?
Secondly, he knows nothing about movies
Thirdly, he writes these reviews based on pseudo intellectual crap not on what the average viewer would say
So the best thing to do with cost for is the fewer stars he gives the faster go run out and see it
Well, I took his advice is top 10 list reddit crybaby last night. Oh man
Wow
That's why I stopped by now. I'm curious how many minutes did you last before you put it in the part off position part two is on tonight if I can make it through
Part two I couldn't make it through last night. I just couldn't make it all the whole thing
So in other words you what you're in other words you're that cheap that you're gonna watch the whole thing no matter how bad it is
It was blockbuster sure you know I get it from tonight, yeah, but I was wow what a movie
The worst with the pigtails and the stupid gross like all like hatchet face. Yeah, no wonder he'd like to trace it
He likes all these bizarre and gremlins to he's into the yeah crap camp
Yeah, it's what it is. Yeah, like can't be like the midnight thing like the event's the one throwing the um
Rocky Horror picture show. Exactly. Can't exactly well
I think because if you look at the people at cost for hangs around would like George
What's his name?
The
Movie guide George Capewell and all these silly people can't I think is the opportunity they're camp crowd and
Somebody out of sentiment can I have it really watch Johnny definitely good. I know my show on morning
I'm waxing we were having a great time and all these teenage girls were calling in and getting
Getting their hormones were just exploding. I imagine I felt the same way sitting there. Yeah, he's good looking
He was like right over on the other side. Yeah, well like I've said he is a good looking guy
The interesting thing about Johnny Depp is that he is um
Remember the not the news picture in Rolling Stone
But once before they had a centerfold of Johnny Depp and he looked like a woman with an earring and like a straight
He looked bizarre. Well, he has like got a pretty face
No, I don't mean that but I mean he looks like different people no worries in actor because even without makeup
He on a different day depending on how he gets out of the sack and I guess who with with no one or somebody else
He just has these bizarre things. Well, you see that's what's bizarre because I told you I saw him in that interview
And he doesn't say two words. He's like this James Dean real quiet. Why did they you were whipping him on the air?
I wasn't ripping him. What I was what no, I like you great what the comparison was is he's such a great actor
I can't see this guy doing what he does. Well, that's why they call it acting
There are a lot of people in show visitor. How about Marlon Brando?
Once the last time you saw him say anything. He's like a hermit him and Michael in the uh chicken
But he still kind of plays those same roles. He doesn't get animated like Johnny Depp. Johnny Depp was singing in this movie and I mean he just
Just totally out of character, but what a movie come on. I'm really curious what all the big deal is about James Dean
You know it over the year goes to show you that the world is so much crann well memory, you know
It's it's out of James Dean first of all wasn't all I create looking number one number two
He smelled real bad and he was a lousy drive number three. He was a slob if you read I mean he was just a oh yeah
And a good driver too and matter of fact what we're gonna do to save a lot of blood shit
No, seriously what we're gonna do is when we have this last minute meeting and they will have one
We're gonna send Ted Kennedy and
There he is James Dean Jr. Over to what Geneva to drive Saddam Hussein to the meeting exactly and that would be good because a lot of
Bridges Ted doesn't want any war man
You know, I hate to say this all my life. I've been a Democrat. I don't hate to say that but I have been and I've been watching this week's like some on the C
Span Ted Kennedy and
Some of the other I can't think of the moment of summer who they are and the and Biden the course who can't remember what his real name is and where he went to school
But or whose speech he stole last week and they're just infuriating me. I mean what the hell do they think this is like we're gonna
Let's have a debate for about 20 or 30 days. I mean, where the hell they've been the last five or six months, okay?
And they got like four five hundred thousand people over there in the middle of the sand and they're like oh jee
I don't think it let's wait a little while okay, and you can't do anything with a I thought and I'm not gonna go into it
I'm like good political well, I didn't want to yesterday either but these news conferences kept interrupting things
So we lost the flow and just went with it and you're right
Not the time to do it. It's not like they can't hear yeah
They don't understand
Well
Then they're too busy doing something making veils that's that's that's the right you read about the two-life crew
albums and all the stuff that they have on sale over there
Overware in Saudi Arabia, but they like thank you hear that sheriff Nick man get on the first plane baby
What the bizarre part is is they black out the cleavage and they black out all the women and all of that
Say I that's another thing. I mentioned this a few days ago. No, this does bother me a lot
I mentioned it during the holidays during Hanukkah and Christmas school these Saudi Arabian
assholes
I mean we're over there to protect them
So now I'm could probably wipe them out in about 30 seconds because there are a bunch of Neanderthals and all the
Asheaks have got all the money and the rest of them are like in the dark ages and
Here we go who we put all our people you know the rest of the world is standing behind us and hey
We're all behind you, but you said all your people right and we're all over there and we're putting our ass on the line
And they're gonna tell us oh you can't celebrate to this you can't yeah, they're out there in the middle of the desert
What the hell is it their business for that to be kissing our feet?
They ought to be bringing mizuzas and crosses out there during the holidays to help everybody celebrate
You're right. What a bunch of as a courtesy in addition to which all is 50 billion dollar windfall that they got from
Goosing up all these oil prices and they're just sitting back wow well here's about 10 billion for right now
And you know, we'll see what happens see how well you do
But they were gonna pull two live crews album off the shelves because somebody's seriously just told them what it man
What they were saying in the album yeah, they blacked out the cover
But they didn't know what the album was saying so everybody was buying it and they say oh it means that yeah
So they're gonna pull it off well in the study back to Saudi Arabia these to still think like mother is a member of family let us sit and nick over there
You mean sheriff Nick exactly one 14 to w.w.o. D
And let's talk about our good friends at Pomato Park now. I know you'll be out there tomorrow
I stopped by my way in
In fact the lights went out Monday night because we heard the rumor rick and spuds were coming out
We didn't want to lose any money so we cancel a race in four how much did you guys lose of coder Friday not too much?
Only the one race I
No one to stop. Oh, okay probably not again soon. I wanted help and and I got
I didn't listen to Phil Phil had five winners didn't pay anything but he was picking him like crazy
Well, that's always a should of listen. I told you I walked out next to a guy who won a hundred and forty bucks on one race in
Any left any had to tell me about it all the way out to my car. Yeah, screw him
Anyway, we don't like wise guys who win and talk about it tomorrow night at Pomato Park our six 10 w.w. I. O. D
Pop it a harness fan race
Because I may in the paper address it at a future date
Oh, geez. What what do I gotta say to you to make you understand stop being a hothead stop being forget about time jicka
He hates you like poison
He doesn't like your show or even if he did like it would make any difference because he's got a personal thing with you like a feud going
What do you care? Why do you care the odd see that's another thing?
Yes, today I came to this realization the audience doesn't care about all this other silly crap that was going on
So why should I you know get sucked into a bunch of crap that nobody cares about and the same thing what you're talking about
Nobody cares and you're allowed your you're wasting your energy life is too short to waste your energy
Okay, you're not gonna manipulate him and the more you start sticking your nose in and making a big deal of it
The more hard-headed he is gonna be and the more you're gonna have like a big thing is that what you want no not at all
And you're getting something going
What by mentioning it now? No, I'm not. I mean, it's it's common knowledge that you guys like hate each other like poison
And it's like I don't hate him. That's the problem. Well, you stop it. Yes. I hate you don't like him
You just like him a lot. You think he's a jackass. Well, exactly. Okay. Well, I'm glad you said it that way
21 after one we have an open line on a starline where somebody probably Tom was on starline just drove off the road
Sorry, Tom. You're okay. I like Tom. He's full of crap sometimes, but I like him
I'm not gonna pick a thing with him because he's like you I don't do that. I like Tom a lot even though he's usually full of crap
Kendall
Okay, uh, Sherry making a while this is for him
I'm listening
I'm listening
I'm listening
Let's go. I'm looking. Oh, that's not it. Where is it? I'm listening
Yeah, excellent. Okay. Thank you, sir
21 after one at W.I. By the way, I forgot to announce we just went over another
Hege we just jumped another hurdle
109,176 dollars for Camino's house 109 plus boy, we're gonna do 110
Unbelievable. I just was the demo uh, Tuesday the 15 well, I picked that because I know it was a major date
I want to tack along for a little publicity
I think we got a better chance of making 110 by Tuesday then Saddam has a CNX Wednesday
Well, it's an appropriate date
I think that's why they're basing their tosses. I think doing like a movie on it all so proper that he stars and I'm
NBC. I think this weekend dark ages or dark shadows
A lady in Coral Springs probably your wife hello
Neil how you doing good. How are you great great? I listen to you. There's no way
possible that we can afford to get rid of
baffin denny
yo
Yeah, am I gonna be caught in the middle of this now? I don't even pay any attention to dolphin denny
I mean he's I go there and I build up my own enthusiasm because I'm enthusiastic
He's a die-hard fan and they're far
He and in between. Well, that's true. You know, we can't afford to lose one of them
I don't know about the die part but the other part is
Um, I'm a single mom and my little boy wanted to go to this game real bad to play off game
Yeah, and I took off work early
Went down to the stadium got two tickets
our parking ticket and I'll tell you it was the we had of uh, oh yeah
I thought you were gonna give me some story that you couldn't get there or something
I'm glad you were there was one of the greatest experiences of anything that has ever happened in this town
And I realized it's only a game and it's sports but even so it was one of the most positive things that's ever happened in this city
Absolutely, absolutely my my little boy has to put up with jet fans at school
I mean, I think it's the only baffin fan there
Um, but tell him that if he has any friends in school or jet fans if they're smaller than he has beat the crap
Yeah, you're right. I hear you. Listen, do you know how much they cost to go to a game at rich stadium other than a playoff?
Somebody showed me some tickets they had it was 30
Well, those are the playoff game. That was 30 bucks, but that could be like an Enzo
I have no idea was 30 bucks. Okay. Alrighty. Well listen, go dive in. Okay. Thank you. Thanks
There we have an enthusiastic dolphin person. That's what we want tomorrow
I'm just letting it all hang out. I really mean that. I mean the dolphin, but oh
We might even play Cory now. You're gonna put him on again. I'm glad you're in here now
I mean, I don't want to chastise you and take you to task and sound like Tom jikka and heat
But what the hell is it with you and Cory? You got a little something going there. What is the deal again? Cory's a pain
He's a pain in the ass. Take a pull on Cory and stick him on it. He's half it. Yeah, run him up
Just like that lately. Thank you. One the bad guy. He called yesterday. Remember I was asking about dolphin enthusiasts because on the bat line
I wonder if you think fat rich gave him the bat line number
Who gave him that number on the bat line got me
I
Mean I don't even know it. I do and here it is
Um, I'm serious. What's the deal more people could be like dolphin Danny and and Cory
We'd be fine. If more people were like Cory and dolphin Danny
We would tell us that I'm with saying he's got a pretty good point
We say okay, we surrender here's Elvis. Give it like little bullseye shirts return to surrender
You know tell him this is like the ultimate fan dolphins on the front
Cory has nothing to do so he wants to be like a past and even if the remote at Calder Gilbert is starting to really
I mean all the other most Gilbert puts on a show and we kind of keep him on a leash and he you know, he's okay
He's starting to get on my nerves. Cory is kind of our Gilbert. He gets on people's nerves. Oh
I see
I got it. Do you get your card from Africa? I show dead hands on the safari yet. Yeah, I mean the fun safari
He was
He was the animal he saw
Swing and to fight get it down. Ha
I'm starting to sound like him now. I wasn't even putting on an act that was just scary
Markets up 21 points. Look at that. How come is it we're getting closer to war? How come the markets going up? Boy yesterday
I said I give you knots. Well, it was going way up when the talks were still going on because they all thought something
Then as soon as he came out and said no way Jose
right in the old cramper
I need to come more of those talks now put a bunch of money in it
Yeah
You like the other thing I don't know when the number starts with a minus in other words
When they pay you to take the stock 126 at W.I.O.D
Where Cory will be honest to a clock with Rick and said why didn't you make him the idiot on the corner?
Isn't he?
Instead of Marvin. I mean Marvin doesn't have to put on an act doing it
I think it out of long handers. It's pretty funny though
What? Well, I just noticed that. But that's been on there for days
And it's no longer applicable okay. No. What was the word that Bush used yesterday? Oh man. He did a number on a word um
obfuscation
Opus gate well the way he said it's opus gauge, but he said oh opus gate they're trying to opus gate
I said I've heard of watergate, but opus gate that must be a new was gamble
Opus gate
You're gonna watch how you say that no seriously
He said that I don't in the minute and here I'm sitting there and everybody's watching and it's a serious thing
And a world is like spinning on a dreidel like hang by a threat and a president comes on and says obfuscate
I think they're gonna have a super ball of damn quail school. What you think they're gonna have a super bowl if we have a war
I don't understand the question maybe they ought to do that like on the fort why wouldn't they have a super ball if we went to war
The war could go on for days or weeks or months
Do you want to be serious?
Yes
What do you want a serious answer? Yeah
Because who's gonna want to celebrate with the loss of lives that we have if it goes on
It's not a time to super ball is this celebration? Let me ask you this question was Vietnam a war
It went on for years everybody got used to it. Dirk
No, they didn't get used to it the longer it went on them or they protest until they finally cut the crap
But my point is why were at war
Like Korea with career war
Yeah, did we stop all the sporting events and everything else we had super bowl then
We stopped super bowl base ball
Did we stop the world show I wasn't alive now we did yes you were what do you mean you weren't alive then 51
I mean I was born in 51. Okay. Okay. Boy. I wasn't socially conscious at that time
So what are you just playing even kind of what else is exactly? Uh, I think you're full of it to be honest with well, thank you
I just I don't see the connection
I mean the fact that there's things going on over the I don't think we'll have one
I think the American people would cry out if we tried to have one is say can you have a super bowl and celebrate when we're losing our
Are people over in well if that's the case then why you aren't you on here every day talking about world war three and about the Middle East
I mean, I'm gonna do about it exactly
Exactly. I mean, that's the part of human events. It's ongoing. It's happening. Okay, but if there is nothing that's going to change
And I think that if we all become more, but you're what do you mean it's too close? It's super bowl worth February
All right, so let's call the White House and say start invade on the 28 exactly. That's what I said or super bowl on the 14
I see if Baker and Aziz could have come to agreement that fast yesterday. We'd have this whole thing well. Let's us go over there
You first nevermind
I think that little shrimp in Israel is going to take care of everything to be honest some good point yesterday
Did you listen it's rock Shamir well? He said he reiterated them with you have you ever seen him and Bob mayor together by the way
It's a hot Shamir who now what is it Chuck Meyer? Yeah, who's got what's his name from Channel 4 on on Sunday? Yeah, yeah, what
Saturday, he doesn't think it's gonna happen. He said that here before is that where you heard it?
Now what I just said yeah, he also said that the guy they picked up was not the gamesville murder or two that you had a money
I was ordered so bring Chuck Meyer in here anymore
Anyway, it's one twang. That's just a little joke. He's a pirate well
I saw through all right. Let's take a caller to these people are probably foaming at the mouth Miami
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? You think we should cancel the Super Bowl? Hell no, okay
Um, I don't think I think people need something to get their mind exactly
I mean, what are we gonna do sit around worrying black and be in mourning all of it? I was played over there. I don't know
Yeah, let's play it in the bag dad. Yeah, the desert ball. Yeah, there you go
I probably have that next year look it's taking me a long time to find you
I moved two years ago and I came back and used to be on Zeta. Yeah, and used to have that guy with you that I used to call up
I don't know if you remember make fun of his laugh on the nerd. Yeah, the bird
Yeah, he was always phony
So you're here now, huh? I'm here. I've been here for over two years
No, let me let me tell you a question and let me answer you an answer
The reason that you weren't able to find me is because this station has no concept of what promotion means and so our billboard say
News weather and traffic which every other AM station in the history of radio is also had and they don't tell you that Rineria and Rogers and Rick and suds and hang Goldberger on the year in the sports people
They just keep us a secret. You want to post red check so you have to go out there and kind of fiddle around till you find us. Yeah, and I'm glad I did right there in a red check
It's written you're the middle one. Yeah, check this
So anyway, so Neil yeah, let me let me give you a little bit of a cup tidbit information. All right. All right
Now we're talking great first baseman. Yeah, I got a brother named Kevin. Yeah, he's gonna be the new third baseman starting this season
Are you serious? I'm serious. Yeah, Pacific coast Pacific coast league last year. This is named Kevin Kevin Grace. That's right
Mark Grace I tried before the game we can say grace. That's right
Savings Pacific coast league. He batted 285 26 home runs and he was a gold glove because I always wondered you know his grace slick
great
Yes, sir, Doug the Sanzo should be our center fielder stick that you're on Walton in the desert
No, he just did a home run what happened at the way to Smith
I thought they were gonna trade Dwight Smith because he had a terrible year this past year
And he seems like lost out there like the land of the lost
But maybe you'll make a big comeback maybe it was the sophomore jinx
The Sanzo's like a backman kind of guy. You know, he just sends. Oh is a great fielder. He's a clutch hitter
He slaps that ball around and he's good. He's a player. You don't want
Now with Bell and Boston. You don't smash it into make a pizza out of them. Oh, that's true
Well, it's great talking again and go Cubs and go to Austin
They need to play a five-man line to do anything against Buffalo. You're a great American, sir
Let's send you up there to do a little pass where it's a little blitzing this week a little blitzing definitely
Okay, have a nice one. See you a little blitz Kreegan Buffalo
That's what we need stick that Jim Kelly in the desert and don't give him a map
Maybe give him a razor blade
132 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line. Look at that boy. We are sizzling today. This is incredible
You are you are gonna have a show this air now. What's the story with Marvin? Is he all aired out now since his 40-week vacation aired out?
Is he here even today aired out on the road again with Charles Corral? Oh, George is hoping huh
That he's gonna make your day that he's here. He's gonna be out
He is no he's gonna be here George Hadeson George says
Well, how can you blame him? He's got to sit through eight hours of crap. I know. I know that's a fate worse than watching
What's that movie with Johnny Depp?
garbage
What's up Johnny? How come it is now Johnny Depp? He made crybaby and falls it immediately with that
Edward
Edward Burger yeah, she's her hands. Yeah, how come he can't like just be himself on there
Just take some clothes off for something. I mean, why is he gonna be all dolled up like some goofball? That's right. What is that a new deal?
He's gonna be a goofball
Why don't he was on our show? He had a leather jacket on he just come from a some bar with Greg Alman who was calling
Ron on his hands and he's throwing up and couldn't make the show
dog give crybaby thumbs down, but I think that's where he's going to be supposed to be Greg Alman couldn't make the show
He was like he had all these share pictures. He was scribbling on oh he was gonna be on your it's eight
Well, they they were out together all night and somebody arranged to bring them in
I mean this was like at 6.30 in the morning. He was on do 10 Johnny Depp and you booked Greg Alman at 6.30 in the morning
book yet that you got it
I'll 134 at W I O D and we'll be
It's time jicka listen by the way. We'll be right back
The 205 the saftoon we got the idiot on the corner on the sheet, but not on the show
Hey, if you can't be on the show at least be on the sheet. You missed the party line. That's what they say in
Davie
Oh, yeah, they had a little party last night and of course my luck
I started my new trips just to me yesterday. Oh, I had to do I had to do my blood sugar was much lower this morning
I feel much better. I really do. I mean like a measurable difference
Because I was starting to become like a Dave gaming and
Feeling it please part of it and a stress from that horse that's still running out there and Alan thinkelson called
They're gonna look and they've looked into that. They're gonna take care
I just don't want to get into a whole thing about that again. I don't mind losing
I really don't because I'm used to it most of the time
But when all the horses start going this way and mine is going that way
I that does bother me a little bit. Well call me quick. I'll give you some money for it
We have an open line indeed
751
W. I would do so I mentioned the party and you started talking about horses
51 well, I figured probably a lot of horses answers their last night. Well anybody show up. I heard it wasn't much
No, it wasn't the name you brought up was when I was I was talking to last night. Oh, was she?
Oh, man plaster
