This fat Richard would be here. We wouldn't want to influence him. I know.
I OD. I'm a cup fan.
I'll show you our show.
Hey, looking to do some late night shopping? Well grab the posse and head on down to the
our city of...
Maw!
It's the only who are city of Maw!
Located directly opposite Johnny and Ed's old hat shop.
And right next to Dave's stupid pet store,
the Arsenio Mall has 50 funky stores that'll make you feel just like our
Cineo himself.
This is Chunky A's hot bun shop where you'll be fitted with a customized big
butt just like our Cineo.
Then it's a flea escalator to the party time dental clinic for your very own
plastic smile with extra long gums just like our Cineo.
Yes! Yes!
Yes, there's plenty to do. Have your picture take him with Arsenio's good friend
and he Murphy!
Grab some oversized finger food at our Cineo's own restaurant,
flash in the pan!
Or just be a guest on one of our couches.
They're so comfortable, your bottle feel like it's been kissed by our Cineo himself.
So if you're shopping for free publicity, get busy and head on down to the our Cineo!
Maybe you could have old dick butt kiss on his show.
Get out of here with that crap.
10.07 at WIOD and I don't understand it.
Is it me? Am I going deaf?
The speakers in here seem so low today.
Is that just me?
Man are they low? How about if we cranked it up like that?
Nothing. That's a little bit better.
I must be going through change of life, huh?
Pompano Beach! Welcome to 6.10 WIOD, your news weather and draft station.
Grant Father Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Doing great.
Anyway, we're talking about card sharks.
And you were mentioning Jim, you said Jim Perry.
Jim Perry.
Jim Perry.
Bob?
No, no, no, that's the wrong.
She was both of them.
No, no, no, it is.
It's right.
No, it's not.
Jim Lang was the first one.
Now you're...
Jim Lang was the second one.
Jim Lang was not on card sharks.
Jerk Ball, Jim Lang was on the dating game.
But he did card sharks.
Jim Perry did card sharks.
There you go, Perry.
He did it.
G-Lord Perry.
I knew if I said the wrong one when you'd get it right.
We got Jim Perry yesterday.
That's not the problem.
The problem is Bob.
You bank.
No, Bob you bank's is on the worst show in TV, the newlywed game.
Worst in the love, both.
And what the hell is this?
You are so far off, man.
I tell you one thing, this is a good call because no matter how much I screw up on this stuff today,
I can always think back to your call.
Excellent job sir.
You're welcome.
And in closing let me just say to you.
Thank you so much.
Have a nice life.
Bye.
We're not going to do that again today are we?
Let's get the book out.
Well let's face it, boy the way it is hot in here.
Man is it warm.
Oh you're even warm too?
Okay, George not.
When I came in it was freezing.
It was absolutely frigid.
Man it was just like you lean into it on a bad day.
How's Elaine's nose coming by the way?
I understand they got her nose in a freezer.
Now it's a little bit better.
Okay, let's get back to business here.
How about those cubs kicked him ass?
How about the meds?
What the hell is going on with them?
They're unconscious.
There was it.
6 and 2.
And Hojo hit a home run in the upper deck.
Boy, Chuck Myers is not going to be talking baseball for a long time now.
They had their big chance last night.
The meds killer Zane Smith started it for the pirates.
And they got their answer speed.
They had 6-1-9 thinning for the meds.
And they just cleaned their clock.
Greg Maddox pitched another good game for the cubs.
And the Gary Scott continues being a miracle worker at third base over there.
And we're just doing it.
And Mitch Williams comes in.
Gives up that tremendous home run to the hawk.
And that was the difference in the ballgame.
Thanks a lot, Mitch, you're doing it.
Good boy.
Anyway, 10 past 10 on 6-10 W-Y-O-D.
If the knots landing lady or anybody else interested in that wonderful show is listening.
In the, let's see what's a date on this thing, Entertainment Weekly Friday April 19th.
This week's, or last week's edition.
This week's, this week's.
Entertainment Weekly, Nutty, Naughty Nots.
Front page story.
And on the front page you got Michelle Lee.
And then there's what's her name, Valene and Page and the Anne.
Whatever the hell their names are.
Oh, here it is on the bottom.
Michelle Phillips, John Ben Arkin, Nicolette Sheridan, of course.
And inside, knots landing hits episode 300 this month, a milestone for prime times last great soap.
The secret of its S.A.B. Witching, mixture of suburban hanky panky and addicts that set standards for TV weirdness.
So how old is season N? Very strangely it says.
And it's got little blurbs in here on all the different, most of the major characters in the show.
And then in the, it's a big article like pages, like about six-seventh pages.
And at the end of it, a knots atlas.
And it's got a little map, a guide to who did what where.
And it's got about like 12, 13 different events, major events, and shows you on a map where they took place.
So if we have any other fanatics out there by all means go out and pick up 10 or 20 copies, okay.
It's 11 past 10 on 6, 10, WYOD.
Our question of the day is, who are the panel contestants on?
Which one could we do the day?
Well, there's got to be one, doesn't it? How about on the pyramid?
Suppy sales was good on the pyramid. Good morning.
And the Suppy sales was also on what's my line with Arlene Frances and Bennett Sir.
Right? Oh, we're not going to do that again today.
Because it's just, my mind is still wrenched from yesterday.
My brain is just fried from all the pressure that these people, I can't even remember where I was yesterday.
I do remember being at the track last night, unfortunately.
All those know what all's up there, boy, all that the pavis and Kelly Shepherd and Harvey Ross.
All those know what all's up there, man, with their heavy duty information.
They're all good guys, you just full of crap.
12 minutes after 10 at WYOD, we got all the lines lit except Broward.
Look at that, 524, there's like an open strip.
Hey, did we ever hear anything more about the topless car wash?
What the hell is that all about?
Topless car wash and Fort Lauderdale's the most screwed up place in the world.
They're closing down all the girly bars and anything you can't walk across the street with a cup of soda in your hand or anything.
But it's okay to do topless anything.
They got a topless donut shop.
No more. What a go out of business? Are they?
The guy died.
Well, a guy died from too much excitement, no doubt, okay?
Man, what kind of a boob would start a place like that anyway? Too much pressure.
I'm wondering if you get imprints on a hood of your car, can you sue for that?
And what about, seriously, if they have a topless car wash, it's 20 bucks for the car wash and a minimum $5 tip.
What about these kids, these guys who are 16 and 17?
In Florida, you get your regular license when you're 18?
17? What?
16? Okay, so you can get like a regular license when you're 16.
Now, there was one kid yesterday that could be a rumor, but he said he wanted to borrow 500 bucks from his dad so we could go get the car wash 25 times.
What the hell is that all about? Is Sheriff Nick gonna have to give permission cards for minors to come and get their cars washed and brownered? Unbelievable.
Anyway, it's certainly something to a ponder.
1014, WI would either Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop is a place for you to peruse and have a great time.
Just walk around for hours, checking out all the incredible merchandise, new and used inside and out.
So their whole campaign about the sports guys is in trouble says General Manager Alan Shaqlin of Channel 6, unless we can find somebody whose first initials begin with SH as in Shapiro who still there.
SH, does every any bells with anybody in this audience?
As in Shaqlin, it says he could always hire himself.
Real cute Juan Carlos Cotex and David Neal combined to write this incredible article in the hero this morning.
Also the big flap about the name of the rape woman and a Kennedy thing and the globe out of Boka.
Now, the one of those great tabloids that gives you everything you need to know about what everybody else is doing.
Her picture and her name from the London tabloid that first published it and they're having a big flap about that.
Hey listen, why the hell not, right? Miami, hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm doing fine. How are you doing today?
I'm doing great so far.
So far so good.
Yeah.
I was listening to that the beginning of your program when you put that our sony-o-hal.
Mm-hmm.
I hate him.
Oh, the worst.
You know, something I really liked when he first started.
But he just...
There's something about him.
Oh, he's such an arrogant asshole.
He just thinks that he's the hottest thing since they invented the wheel.
He's just so cool that he's ready to explode.
Yeah, he's getting a little out of control.
Cool and horny.
What the thing that he says.
Cool and horny and sitting on the edge of that chair like he's ready to attack anything that moves.
I mean, he's just a pathetic.
And that audience of his given a break.
I hate his teeth.
I hate his gums.
I hate his hair with the lightning streaks in it.
Yeah.
It's just him.
He's the only one I don't like.
However, Rick D's is like a close-second boy.
What a lame show.
How can that be on the ear?
That's an excellent question.
Arsenio just getting too racy.
Oh, is he?
Yes, he is.
Well, it sounds like you watch him a lot though.
No, it's I don't.
I guess that's what I watch.
How do you know that?
You just hear it through the rape line?
Well, that's why I quit watching him and I was over to Friendshouse Sunday night, Saturday night, and she had him on.
Oh, I see.
We're like a captain.
Yeah, and you know, it seems like he makes comments against people's misfortunes.
Which a lot of people do.
But I mean, it seems like he gets a smile like the cat that just swallowed the gunnery.
Well, he's a slime ball is what he is.
Yeah.
Nobody admits to watching him.
Well.
Nobody.
I don't need more.
Arsen's real tired now.
Oh, he's been dead for 20 years and nobody knows that Ed keeps propping him up every night.
You don't need your own talk show.
Oh, boy, I got one right here at the moment.
I watch.
You're enough for me.
So what do you think about the Kennedy yo thing?
How about the woman?
Well, I have a mixed feelings about it.
I don't know why a young lady would go with somebody at four o'clock in the morning and expect to walk on the beach.
Exactly.
Well, no, wait a minute.
She didn't just go at four in the morning.
She went early in the evening and she would walk unescorted into the bar.
Uh-huh.
Was drinking and carousing and schmoozing around looking to get picked up evidently.
And then of course, the Kennedy's took her over to the compound and they would drink it in their door at four o'clock.
And what the hell did she expect?
Did T party?
Did they think they were going to make their strategic plans for the next election?
Sounds like a set up.
Yeah.
Who knows what it is.
But boy, I tell you, any how old was she 29?
I really don't know.
Yeah, 29.
This isn't like a 15 year old girl or something.
This is a woman old enough to know better.
Yeah.
Well, I guess the justice system will figure that out for everybody.
Well, at least Ed didn't give her right home anyway.
Well, that's something to be.
Have a great day.
You too, baby.
See you.
Bye.
1021, a good old WIOD, where, and all by the way, speaking of Shemuka, this is the other part I wanted to get into.
Far be it for me.
I love Hank.
I don't want you people to start a thing about Hank.
Although I heard a guy on Rick and Suds yesterday afternoon who had a great call.
It was one of the best calls I ever heard.
Although it was terrible because he said Hank was a fat slob and I took great exception to that.
But Hank tonight has Tom Randles and Teresa Rodriguez of Channel 4 News on.
Didn't he just have Susan Lickman who by the way, I love Susan.
I got to meet her for the first time.
She's great.
She's just a super person and beautiful and attractive and lovely and all that stuff.
But you know, Hank of course has this incestuous relationship with Channel 4 because he works there.
Now, isn't there like a little problem here of credibility that Hank is going to start shilling and schmoozing with all of his co-workers from Channel 4 and promoting Channel 4 on a year and using his nighttime radio show here on 610WIOD to promote Channel 4.
Which does nothing to promote us.
Do they come on and say listen to Raniri in the morning and Rodgers in midday and Rick and Suds and by the way, here's Fat Hank.
They don't say that.
No way.
But I did like Susan. She's a delight, very nice person.
Tom Randles and Teresa Rodriguez, I don't know, you'll have to tune in tonight and find out.
Maybe we can even get Russell Shemuka on there too.
He's not doing much tonight.
We have one open line in day, 7-5-1, two and Broward.
I can see we're... let's do quiz shows again today, huh?
Well, we're going to have a tough week in Broward because you know who is on this week.
Boy, it's going to be rough.
524, 9463 in Broward County.
Are you unhappy with your smile as your face looked like the end of the world?
Are you tired of being embarrassed by your teeth?
Well, now because of the latest advances in dental technology, Dr. Mitchell Evadon can give you a beautiful smile.
And his view is too easy appointments without any needles either.
Your answer could be porcelain overlays.
They're long-lasting, easily applied.
They'll correct spaces.
Crooked, disgusting, chipped, ugly teeth, stains that'll even whiten your teeth as much as you like.
You could look just like Wayne Martendale or a little less ridiculous if you'd rather.
At any rate, call to make an appointment for a no-charge evaluation to see if porcelain overlays are the thing for you.
In fact, if you go ahead and have the procedure done within the next two weeks,
you'll get 25% off the usual fee of $350, brings the total down to $262 each.
That's an unbelievable offer to have complete porcelain overlays done for just $262.
Come, you don't have the flipper theme in here.
We were talking heavy duty about that the other day and no flipper theme.
That's for a show that was filmed in Fort Lauderdale.
Ranger Ricks would be apoplectic.
Luke Alpin would have an nervous breakdown.
Did we ever discover, for sure, was that not really Luke Alpin?
Oh, thank God.
Why did he say it was it just to put on?
We all have problems.
What do you mean?
He's a cook.
Oh, he's just a nut.
Oh, okay.
Because I'm telling you, after that happened that we did a remote at Spex Downtown Miami.
And just as the show got over with, a guy comes up about, I don't know, he said he was 41.
And I'm telling you, it looked like he's had a rough life.
I mean, just like Schmutzie, you know, and Ugly and Gross and he said,
I'm Luke Alpin from flipper.
And boy, oh boy, you just never want to get out of bed again.
I mean, I realize life isn't fair, but God Almighty, if anybody can become that ugly in 20 years or so, it's really a problem.
Anyway, 1032 at WIOD, we have an open line in Palm Beach, of course, where they think that match game is something they do over on Palm Beach at S.E. Lauders' House.
The arsonists?
655, 9463, 655.
Who the hell cares about what they're doing in the Kennedy compound?
Doesn't that give you an insight as to the attitude of all those voyures up there in Palm Beach?
It reminds me of when they had the nude beach on MacArthur Beach.
When I worked at JNO in 1975, they still had what was called the nude beach.
And yes, I did go there one time. And when you go there, I mean, you just go nude.
But that was when I had lost 100 pounds, so I didn't feel so self-conscious.
And I didn't get the busted for polluting the airwaves.
But anyway, they had these condos that MacArthur built like adjacent to that beach.
These big, high-rise condo commando type places.
And these old ladies would get on their chairs.
I mean, it wasn't like right on top of the beach, but it was, you know, like hundreds of yards down the beach.
And they would get up on their high chair, and they would take their telescope, or their Mount Palomar telescope,
that they would just spend $50,000 for.
And they would be checking out all these naked people on the nude beach.
And raised a big stink and a big to-do, so needless to say, I think the nude beach anymore.
That's disgusting. I can't stand it.
Turn around a little bit so I can see it again.
Just crazy. That's the Palm Beach. There are a bunch of mental defectives up there. We all know that. But we forgive you.
1033 on 610 WIOG at Yamaha. Advanced technology isn't a requirement.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's a passion.
At a Yamaha South, this series leading Yamaha dealer, you'll find the largest selection of Yamaha motorcycles anywhere at the best prices.
So if you feel like clearing your head.
And blowing out a few cobwebs.
They've got the remedy.
A healthy dose of FZR 600R, the best performing 600cc street bike anywhere.
The FZR 600R's Genesis technology is obvious in its forward-angle liquid cooled cylinders, down-draft carbs, and free-flowing straight-in-takes.
Just like a full-blown race bike.
Yamaha has produced the fastest, most advanced race bikes because they know that every time they race, you win.
They're the leaders in the motorcycle world and they maintain their lead because of Yamaha.
Advanced technology isn't a requirement. It's a passion.
There is crazy about that as we are about the NFL draft.
See the entire 1991 collection of Yamaha motorcycles at Yamaha South, 911 East Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale, called 565-3110.
565-3110. And when you go in there, be sure and tell them that old neocenture by.
At Yamaha South also has on hand the complete light of 91 wave runners.
No multi-passed-year water vehicle sets the stage for power-packed performances.
Like the new WaveRunner VXR equipped with an oil-injected Yamaha 650.
A V-haul to give it a turning-edge and beautiful colors and graphics. Check it out now.
Close-in Barbie, it's all she can.
Can't fit in the Malabu band.
The Rose-in Barbie doll looks and acts just like the TV pig.
Just pull her strand of spaghetti.
I never get a hat, I never go no place, I never have no fun, ever, ever, ever.
Look what happens when you press your little fat belly.
Close-in Barbie, it's all she can.
Can't fit in the Malabu band.
The new Rose-in Barbie doll.
Can't fit in the Malabu band.
1038 at WID. The reason I've got the WIFS out is because the whole new deal at Pompo Park,
where I was again last night with Fat DeFriend, they keep giving me these WIFS.
Are they trying to tell me something?
No, I now have two WIFS. I have a big beautiful, gorgeous one that I use on my dogs.
And a little tiny broken one, the Dominic Pavia gave me last night that he broke on Baby Ben, he said.
And I'm going to use it on him tonight.
And maybe even seem with the track, too.
Anyway, I just got a fact that it's as once and for all,
when is that promo announcer with that horribly annoying voice going to be canned from at least your shows?
Those groggy voice overmodulated, inflected, too long promos for weather and shows simply in a word, suck!
I should read that again.
Simply in a word, I always turn down my radio when they're on,
but why not get rid of them altogether enjoying the show?
That's what it says.
It's like you're a disgusting, rotest, foul mouth douchebag.
Have a nice day. That kind of thing.
Twenty-two eleven on six, ten, W-Y-O-D, Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, great.
Yeah. You're doing Finch-a-Leaf Waxi.
Oh, I'm doing okay. How you doing?
Pretty good. I heard your aunt's going.
I heard your aunt's going.
I'm going to ask you a question. You ever get fired?
Because I've been fired all the time. I keep getting fired all the time.
Yeah, I know. And they keep paying me a hell of a lot of money to do it, too.
Well, I just had one question for you.
What's that?
Nothing back into the Kennedy business.
But now there's big, who are about they release the name of the alleged victim?
Yes, sir.
Well, you know, I think maybe that's only right because poor Patrick Kennedy Smith,
if it turns out that he really wasn't doing what this young lady did.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Patrick Kennedy Smith.
Oh, man. Let me ask you a question.
How can his name be... I want you to stop and think about this.
He's Ted Kennedy's nephew, all right?
How can his name be William Kennedy Smith?
Well, I don't know. Well, you know, I guess it's when you're related to him
that you kind of get that in anyway.
No, seriously. How can a guy's name be William Kennedy Smith?
Well, like I said, you know, they want to make sure they get every end of it.
Yeah, evidently. I mean, you stop and think about that.
What did you do? Mary Howard K. Smith or something?
What is that all?
Well, maybe the Kennedy's are pretty liberal.
Maybe they decided to be real masculine, share their last name.
Is that it?
Kind of like, you know, I guess.
Like their first child should be a masculine child.
Right. Right.
Well, let's call and look at Bratzie and see what he does about it.
Yeah. Okay.
He sleeps with the fishes.
1041 along with her what's her name? Mary Jo Kepekney.
1041 on 610 WIOD.
We have an open line in a Broward.
524.
And one in Palm Beach. 6559463.
655.
We're a bunch of lawyers up here and we're proud of it.
We're looking out the window right now to see who's being naughty and nice and who's doing what to whom.
Because that basically is what Palm Beach County is all about.
A bunch of nosy, voyeuristic slime balls.
They're kind of like the trendsetters for the whole world.
Running to anybody lately who's had that little hair hanging out of the back of their head?
Oh, man. And more I think about it.
The more it just physically is a turn off.
Not just cosmetically, but like turns your stomach.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Neil.
It's almost as bad as watching Channel 10 News.
Yes.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay Russell, is this Russell Shamuka?
No it's not.
Oh I'm sorry.
Listen, y'all my first time, Clara.
Yeah.
And I just want to tell you that I think the thing is that you're unhappy.
You know why?
I can't imagine why sir.
Yeah, you know.
But I'm sure you'll probably tell me.
What is it?
You keep winding.
Yeah.
You're not winding.
Hey.
Sir, where did you get that gravely voice?
I'm singing all these years.
From singing?
Yeah.
From a syncon?
Singing.
Oh, okay.
Singing.
I used to be a singer back in Fort Lauderdale.
You used to have a finger back in Vaudeville?
Singing back in Vaudeville.
Well, it sounds like you're sitting on it, okay?
1042 on 610 WYOD.
We have an open line in dayed, 751, what a Broward, 524, and of course,
what in Palm Beach where they're all busy looking out the window
to see who Teddy is driving home now, 655-9463.
Oh, here's our favorite college.
Oh, you know.
Did anyone see the miracle game on Saturday?
Oh.
I don't know.
I'm sure somebody did.
Man, that grave on-cut in it all.
Great was doing the playback play.
Oh, yeah.
A company by Randy and Gilbert.
I beg your pardon.
Yeah, he was accompanied by Randy and Gilbert.
Randy and Gilbert.
Randy Martin and Gilbert were on doing a game with Greg.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Oh, and Gilbert called it the play in the bottom of the third inning.
It sounds like a real professional operation to me.
He was invited back.
Yeah, I'll bet.
From what I understand, it was fantastic.
Well, where was Jeff Chase while I was just going on?
Was he on there?
They're bass.
Wow.
You're Jewish?
It's a pub cat play.
Oh, no.
As if we don't have enough problems.
We first came to get to get over Meyer Lansky and now we've got to work on you.
So what's your story today?
What are you so unhappy about?
I'm not.
Oh, some little depressed compared to your usual calls.
No.
I'm going to be okay today.
Sure.
Now what do you want?
Everything is fine.
Oh, yeah.
You know him too well, bet.
Birds of a feather rubbed it together.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, hold on a second.
We'll give you an opportunity to have another little sip of that stuff.
1044 on 610 WIOD.
That's Henry Barrow, Jr.
On the phone from Kendall.
Tavernier?
Hello?
Hello?
Are you in Tavernier?
Yes.
Well, how come when I said Tavernier there was like this?
We don't like to have a board full of people calling from Tavernier.
Didn't you assume that was probably you?
Yeah.
A board full of people?
Yeah.
Is there like a crowd?
What are you like related to this last broad that we just did to the dinghy lady?
Of course not.
Okay.
What can we do for you?
Ma'am sir or whatever?
No.
I'm not related.
I'm a friend of Niel.
Okay.
What can we do for you today?
I like to talk to Niel.
About?
About?
Mm-hmm.
Well, he's an old boy for in the mind.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I doubt it.
You saw much too much for him.
1045 at WIOD.
We have two open lines in Dave County.
751-swish-751-9463.
Here's a lady mobile in Boka.
Hi, Niel.
Hi.
Hi.
I love your show.
Well, me too.
Good.
This is on the first time call.
It means to an end.
Huh?
It's a means to an end.
Really?
Well, I said on the first time call, so take it easy on me.
Okay.
Well, listen, you got a couple of tough acts to follow.
I'll tell you that.
I know.
Well, I only have a few minutes because I'm late for a class.
But can you play a song for me?
You mean this is your first time you ever called and you're going to make a request?
Yes.
Can I do that?
No.
Come on.
Let me do a request.
Sure.
Go ahead.
Yes, okay.
You know that song?
Want me to sing it?
Could you believe that Steve McQueen was doing it?
And Frank Sinatra too?
Could you play that for me?
Do you think Steve McQueen was Jewish, by the way?
I think he was now.
You think he's one?
My boyfriend's in the car with me and he's a big meal fan.
Yeah.
So I think Frank Sinatra was Jewish.
Well, you probably have to answer Nancy Reagan.
She probably knows for sure.
So could you play it for me?
Sure.
No problem.
Hey.
And tell your boyfriend he's a pan and he is.
Okay.
You're a pan and he is.
See ya.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Wow.
Mm-hmm.
I've had a lot of thrills in my life.
Three kids.
A gorgeous wife.
Such looks.
I'm thrilled about my car over the air.
My sister Sarah.
And John O'Harris books.
But the thrill of thrills that gave my heart a cloud.
Was the thrilling night when I thrillingly found out?
The McQueen is Jewish.
Would you believe it?
It's just like you and I.
Couldn't you almost die?
And Barry Grant is Jewish.
Could you conceive it?
Such a living doll in a prayer show.
Marlon Brando's Jewish panel bride and Richard Cunti.
Not to mention that lovely couple.
Harry and Bella Cunti.
Banks and not Rez Jewish, would you believe it?
Sean Cuttery and Lyndon Johnson too.
As a matter of fact, the whole world is Jewish.
And I fell in love with you, Rosie McCutichol.
And I fell in love with you.
Fight for life, these Jewish, would you believe it?
Joe Girardi Andre Dawson too.
Doug DeSanthos Jewish, could you conceive it?
And Louis Sallasars of June.
Ryan Sandberg's Jewish, wouldn't you know it?
Jerome Walton Harry, Carrie 2.
As a matter of fact, all the Chicago cops are Jewish.
Since I fell in love with you, actor Bill and away.
Since I fell in love with you.
Hey, look at that.
What's that?
It might be in 14, 14, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20.
Johnson, it is first hope out of the air.
I got this with you.
And the public, time free.
If you love for a seafood, it's trading aside, I think.
Ain't no problem.
See you later.
Thank you.
Well, there you go.
This is the show.
You want it, you'll get it.
And even if you don't want it, you'll get it.
132-12, whatever.
We have an open line in the center square at 524-WYOD.
Here he comes with his little puny salad from Sonny,
who has the longest copy I've ever seen by the way,
but a cheap skate like that.
You got to give him about a six minute stop to get spot,
stop to keep him happy.
That's right.
So.
That's the way I like it.
Back at you.
Yeah.
I think you came up with the name.
For what?
Packed attendance.
For the topless car wash.
Or for the topless anything.
Or stacked attendance.
You said it a little while ago.
And I thought that would be the name.
No, I did not.
You said packed attendance.
No, I didn't.
But you just.
No, I did not.
Topless biology teacher.
I bake your part and you did.
And you said you would have packed attendance every day.
And I thought, that's the name.
For the people that worked there.
I was there this morning.
It doesn't fit.
That's what I heard.
You were there.
Exactly.
That's why they're poor.
You were there this morning.
You back.
Right after you talked to him.
Was it a mob scene?
No.
Nobody there?
They have one girl.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Wow.
Well, I told you I go there.
I have the guy.
Dude, he does a tremendous job.
And he's got a brillo pad.
That's the worst part.
Yeah.
Notice you do a good job.
How about on the car?
It has a bunch of each hand.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about on the car?
Yeah.
They do a great job.
For $10, I mean, he goes around the car.
It looks as good as when Jay does it.
And Jay does a great job.
When he goes around the car, I don't know.
I guess the guy.
I don't know.
Well, then what the hell did you go there for?
You can go to any car wash.
No, because my car needs to be.
Jay washes your car right here.
But I'm not here on now.
And what's his name is here tomorrow, Spencer?
Whatever you have.
That's why I got to wash today.
Oh, brutal.
You hear that Spencer?
That's what the driver is.
That's the guy with all the schmutzie here on his face.
That's Rick Riley, Spencer.
Beat him up.
He's getting a little stronger, too, by the way.
He's probably going to be good for him.
I'm glad.
Yeah, you're strong every day.
So we're eligible now.
That's what tells me we're eligible for.
For the big Cox plan?
Well, I know nothing about that.
I'm not an employee here.
Oh, that's right.
You're your own thing.
My independent contract.
Please inform you of your eligibility at this time
to enroll in the Cox savings investment plan.
I get no benefits.
They match every dollar you invest with 25 cents.
Yeah.
Well, actually, matched every dollar with a dollar.
Well, they didn't figure people last like more than two paychecks.
So it looked good on paper.
Well, participation.
I wouldn't start the pitching about the benefits yet.
It had a rate.
I'm below, hasn't even completely been on open yet.
He's already gripping it.
It's great.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Because the next golden rules that come down the pike.
I love that card, by the way.
I will love the eight golden rules.
Oh, well, thanks.
That's the one.
That's the only one I won't play.
Now, look at it.
You've got...
We're going on a barterie scavenger.
No, you're not.
Oh, yeah, we are.
If I play those cards for the next five years,
I could never make up for the skulled duggery that's going on.
Skulled duggery?
First of all, the sound effects rack,
which you seem to have no problem with by the row here.
Yeah.
This one gets played all of a sudden.
These get played just never in the middle.
Well, they're under your umbrella.
They're easy to find.
Under my umbrella.
And we'll stay out of my umbrella.
That's what the memo said.
The golden rules.
No, I'm not.
I'm fine.
How do you like Hank?
We're going to all the people from Channel 4 and abusing our airwaves.
It's like a kind of a Channel 4 thing.
An emotional thing.
Tom Randles and Teresa Rodriguez, again, more Channel 4 anchors.
I mean, it's...
You know, I don't want to rip Hank.
We're going to have that big round table with us on Channel 4 then, right?
Yeah, right.
The only thing we ever get on Channel 4 is Bob Weaver,
who's not about three o'clock in the morning, says, you know,
Neil raised for the Camilla Sound so much.
That's about it.
Well...
We want you to get an ugly look from Susan Ligmer or anything over there.
And Hank is just over here shamelessly, shamelessly promoting Channel 4,
pumping up his own little fiefdom, fiefdom.
I love the guy who called.
He was your best caller in months.
You know, Hank and Jo yesterday.
I was on the way to the track.
I almost drove off the road.
He had me ping in my pants, which when I got to the track, they kind of looked at me.
Somebody wanted to know who peed your cornflakes.
And it's a matter of...
It's a matter of fact when I left.
And the track last night, I had no pants or shirts.
It didn't make any difference.
Did my money to get to Fathorich?
Oh, man.
That place, I'm telling you that.
See, I wasn't going to go with, yes, I did.
Thank you.
Fathorich is such a yenta.
I picked some horses last night that paid good prices.
And Old Parkupine had the racing secretary.
He's not a bad guy for Old Canadian fart.
He comes by and, you know, fine.
Talk with him for a few minutes.
I give him a tape of a big race that I taped for him.
Get him the hell out of there and go on.
I don't need all this help.
But one thing Rich has still hasn't learned.
After all these months, all the so-called information
we get is a bunch of crap.
He never comes in.
I figured that out the first day.
I've been going for 32 years, okay?
So I know what's going on.
I know what's going on.
I picked some good...
I'm a good handicap.
Or lousy better, the worst.
But a good handicap.
I picked a horse that paid $43.
I never bet a dime on the race.
Good.
I picked another one that paid like about 36 or 37.
An engineer with Viral Bowman paid almost 40 bucks.
Never bet that because Mr. Percupine was telling us this other horse in the eighth race
was a mortal cinch with Ronnie Wapel.
He sleeps, I think, with Ron Wapel's the racing secretary.
He was nowhere and I wound up screwing up my whole double bedding.
Didn't bet the seventh.
And then in the tenth race, I think it was.
I love the seventh horse.
Loved him.
And again, we get talked into Wapel's.
He can't lose.
But by the race starts, Wapel's with the tours goes up in a year.
Makes a break.
He's jumping.
He's falling down.
And actually the seventh one and the seventh one perfected.
Paytonized.
And Rich is like, oh, well, you know, he's going through page by page like there's somebody
in that place who's going to tell us the winner of every race.
He still can't learn.
Then just to slap me in the face, he hits the last superfector for about like 50 bucks
and breaks even on the night while I'm plunging my brains out.
Just to like slap me in the face.
But did you have a good time?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's 137 at WIOD.
Are you over your head with credit card in hospital bills?
Are you plunging your brains at the track, losing every dime you make?
Are bill collectors calling you at home and work?
Well, did you know you can't stop them, Marvin, from calling you legally?
Having one, and then?
Not, not, not, not, not, not.
141.
Rick Raleigh just in here and shared with me one of the most ugly memos I've seen in a long time.
But I don't want to interfere in that.
Anyway.
Well, listen, the fact that we have incompetent people sitting in that,
what do they call programming slash production, whatever that office is,
where they sit in there, picking their nose and twang in their suspenders all day,
that's not our fault.
Okay.
There are a lot of people doing stuff and having guests on and they're never on this sheet.
I make a joke out of the sheet every day because there's nothing on it.
Sheet is the word for this thing.
And like there's almost never anything next to their name and then all of a sudden I'll be driving home and they'll say,
oh, we got so and so coming on then.
I wonder how come I didn't know it so I could promote it and the reason because it's not on this stupid day.
I'm going to have a sheet and a same like with sports talk nine out of 10 times.
There's nothing on I can recall several times in the past few months when they've had some like big name guests on sports talk.
But you won't find it on the sheet so we can't promote it.
And a same with Hank tonight.
Now, maybe the reason they didn't put Tom Randalls and Theresa Rodriguez on where Hank is just blank.
Maybe the reason they didn't put it on there is because they're embarrassed that he's shamelessly
real reason they didn't put it on there is because they were incompetent slip shot and they sit in there patting each other on the back.
I bet you that plastic man winds up in programming pretty soon because he's a great back slapper.
He's a knee slapper and a back slapper.
Yeah.
And a big ball of gas or whatever.
Pompato.
Pompato?
Yes, sir.
It man.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
First time caller.
Yeah.
And close and I like to call my brother.
Okay.
Here's a lady in Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
I call to tell you about gene Kennedy Smith that somebody from Fort Lauderdale has been saying.
Oh, I see I don't buy that.
That is so speaking of plastic.
It just doesn't fly with me.
It's the truth.
It's the truth.
No, I'm not saying I don't believe it but I just I don't buy into that.
I think it's fake.
Erasatz.
Well, you know, some people are kind of weird about their last names and want to carry them on.
Yeah.
Well, I can understand them carrying them on but trying to pass it on to their children.
Like, you know, like somehow it's going to rub off biosmosis.
It's going to make him a Kennedy.
Well, obviously it worked.
And, you know, what happens to the Kennedy's in Palm Beach?
Yeah.
It's not so trouble.
Scandal.
It worked.
Like I said, I think it's a good idea.
Well, anyway, Neil, I'd like to just close and I know you don't take requests but I just would like to say this as somebody could hear it.
Yeah.
If you could just dedicate the asshole song to Julie.
Have a great day.
Thanks, Neil.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Now, what does she mean by that?
Oh, I see.
Okay.
I got it.
I'm a little slow today.
It's already 144 in my head as swimming from all the internal news in the building about the coast and the variety of other things which we all.
Not elaborate on here.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I heard somebody a while back to tell you about the motor oil for the dog.
Yes, sir.
That's burnt motor oil.
You.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, we tried it.
We got a basingi.
Well, let me ask you this.
How about if you just took like unused fresh from the can, poured it on there and then just lit it up.
That I worked.
Yeah, no more skin problem.
Right.
Well, I took him to the vet and he gave him the cord of zone shot.
Johnny Darksteewan was snappled, by the way.
He gave him the cord of zone shot and then what?
And he's great.
And I've heard other people say, it's not good for the dog, but hey, please the dog live.
Well, not just that, but I mean, he isn't scratching at all.
He went from just driving.
Right.
I want you to understand that some people, you know, overreacting.
This thank goodness is not one of those dogs that's scratching himself wrong.
I mean, you know, like you've seen some that have got no hair.
Right.
But it's annoying and he just does it constantly at all the time, inviting and chewing and scratching and just.
And since he got that shot, man, he is just as calm and happy and running around and healthy and great.
The same thing with my dog.
The only problem is though the vet said he's 10 pounds overweight.
He is.
Yeah.
A year ago, he weighed 86 pounds.
Now he weighs 96 pounds.
He's a golden retriever, 96.
So he's on a doggy diet.
Wow.
He's on doggy system.
All right.
One other thing.
Yeah.
My brother, James Terry.
Jockey out his golf string.
Good rider, by the way.
I can't.
What's up?
Let's get a couple of wins under his belt here.
Okay.
All right.
See ya.
And in closing.
Yeah.
I want to call my buddy Mike Fallen, major douchebag.
Okay, sir.
All right.
Have a good day.
Jim Terry, good jockey.
I won a gigantic daily double at Hialea couple, about three or four years ago, I guess.
Jim Terry had the horse in the second race.
I added twice, paid what?
About the motor world.
Yeah.
Now will you stop with the motor.
All she's selling stuff here, I think.
She's peddling it.
And the motor world, too.
Four-later Dale.
Hello, Dale.
First time call.
Yes, sir.
Just like to say, when was your stroke?
What was your stroke?
When was your stroke?
When did you...
A little over a year ago.
What month?
What month?
Why are you writing a biography on authorized biography?
No, the show has been sold boring since you had to stroke.
But you know something.
You haven't missed it once.
And judging it the way you sound, sir, I think you'd feel right into the ambiance of it.
So cute.
This is so boring.
Sounds to me, sir, like you're repeating what others have said.
Okay, like a little automaton, as they say.
Was that Greg?
Well, he starts.
He does sound like this, by the way.
Exactly.
Sounded like Greg and the bridge guy together.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Get my mother's eye.
Boy, oh boy, oh boy.
They come on at 205, kiddies.
Come on now.
Try to control yourself.
Keep it in your pants.
Miami.
Okay.
Let's go for four in a row.
North Lauderdale.
Do you like it?
A pig report.
A pig report?
A pig report.
At this time of the day?
I'm serious.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Three.
No.
Okay, we've now, can we go for five in a row?
That's all of a sudden out of nowhere.
Out of nowhere.
Stewart.
Stewart?
That's five.
Let's go for six.
On six, ten.
Double, let's go for six hundred, ten in a row.
Here's, George can't even keep up with these.
Miami.
Hey.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Oh, nuts.
I got a name for our new team.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's hope you had.
Not the baseball team.
Our new roller derby team.
There we go.
The Miami Boulder Dash.
And I'm going to put that car wash guy out of business.
Yeah.
I'm going to have one of those ten-minute oil change
and loop places called loops and boobs.
Yeah.
Or you could just call it loop this.
Include that in absolutely closing.
Okay.
Not bad.
That's what?
Seven in a row now?
Okay.
148.
At six, ten, WIOD, or hysteria station for the 90s,
where we're just having a pot full of fun today.
And Pompano Harness is now in its final two weeks of their meeting.
I think that guy had a point.
152 at WIOD.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
He's going to be a little bit more of a problem.
Let me tell you this.
There are three chances you're going to hear a berp vendors today.
It's seven minutes till two.
I've got a full board of calls.
Most of them are probably nuts.
You want to hear berp vendors.
I'll tell you what.
I don't like to insult...
In spite of the general rumor and all that crap.
Where is it?
Where is it?
Look at that.
Boy, you talk about killing me into the show
and killing all the rest of the time.
Look, if you're going to put back stolen carts
at least put them back where they belong.
Did he take that one out?
Oh my God, I can't believe it.
Where is it?
It's gone.
It's missing.
Maybe it's...
Oh, I put it...
Look at that.
I'm putting their carts over my stuff.
Now, see what I told you.
I had one slot that was missing.
Okay, that's...
Sure, that's the best we can do for you.
Okay, let's go to a fourth-order deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing? It's over.
Okay, it's who?
Albert.
From public.
Oh, how you doing, Albert?
I'm having a car, dude. I haven't seen you since class stream.
Well, isn't that exciting, Albert?
You gave me a winner. Thank you.
Yeah.
And you did...
How did you do that, then?
How did I do?
Yeah.
I did okay that day.
That's great.
Yeah.
Can't wait any longer.
Oh, man, I'm getting all this stuff for confused here.
I've got a slot that's missing from Rick and Suds now.
Boy.
Can I ask a favor?
What?
No clean carts and no nothing.
What is it?
Okay.
I'm going to wait until the end of the program and can I speak to you?
I have a brought you a present from Chicago.
Can you speak to me at the end of the program?
We're going to have to go to mommy's today, Albert.
I don't have time to sit and dottle around here with the pain in the ass listeners.
Okay.
Well, what do you mean? You brought what?
I can't tell you off the phone.
I've got to tell you off the phone.
Why is that?
Because.
I'll tell you in tomorrow sometime.
Well, when are you going to tell me?
All right, hold on a minute now.
What line is this douchebag on?
Hold on a second.
Thank you.
All right.
What the hell would that be?
All right, here.
Okay, Albert, we're off the air.
What is it?
Sometimes.
Hurry up.
Hurry up.
I'm on the air, Albert.
You're not on the air.
I want you to tell me in the air.
I've got to go here, Albert.
Get with it.
No, I don't like Nintendo.
I can't stand Nintendo.
I think it's the dumbest pile of crap.
And if Ricken said they ever talk about it again, I'm going to beat him over the head
with a spike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't like it, Albert.
I don't want Nintendo.
I don't want the game.
I don't want the things that I want to hear about it.
I hate it.
Is that okay?
And so do you.
So you're trying to ponder off on me.
Have a great day, Albert.
See you.
Well, I think I've got that straightened up.
One.
Getting people to jump in.
I just, you know, after...
You know, after...
He's going to be killing over the sports talk.
I don't think so.
He's too sports-intensive for us, sir.
Yeah.
Well...
Any guy named Schmuck shouldn't be on a year anyway.
What about Ricken?
What's going on with it?
Have a nice life, Pat.
You have nothing to say.
Let's go to Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Who you formed for in the NHL?
Pull this.
Let's go to Margate.
Hello.
Tim Simps, Alabama.
Okay.
Hey, this is more like it now.
Right?
Yeah, we can get about 100 calls in between now and 158.
Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Let me catch off my speaker phone.
Wait a minute.
Is this unbelievable that I got?
You're worse than Albert.
Sir, you're worse than Albert.
What do you want?
Well, I guess you got us off the speaker phone, all right?
Good job, Pat.
Miami.
When is this?
Georgia Angle.
Who?
Georgia Angle.
Yeah.
Ted Knight's wife on the...
Never heard of her.
What was her name?
Georgia Angle, I'm sorry.
What about her?
She was on the Hollywood Square.
Never heard of that person.
Did you ever hear it?
Did anybody...
Did nobody in the building ever heard of it?
We think you're making it up.
Oh, come on.
Never heard of it.
Let's go met the school met the school met the school met the school...
Okay, see?
Poppano.
Hello.
Neil, I like to bring you a picture.
Huh.
Boy, oh boy.
These people are just getting ready for 205.
Okay.
This is the warm-up round.
They're just getting ready for the big 205 to 230 segment.
An old man on my any beach?
Hello.
Yes?
Yep.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Neil.
Yes.
I want to thank you for something.
Yes?
It is something, man.
It is something, man.
Let me hear you.
I have to thank you for it now.
Well, you better do it fast.
I don't hear.
Why?
Because we're all running out of time.
And it sounds like you're more so than me.
I'll tell you what happened.
But many years ago, where you are on a double station.
By the way, Stephanie Brownfield during the top of the two o'clock WIOD news, it is going to be shocking.
What happened?
Go ahead.
Quickly, quickly.
Can I tell you what you did?
I'm listening.
What?
Do it.
Do it.
Say it.
Oh.
You gave a recipe.
I'll be here.
Oh.
Thank you.
I'm going to have a plate full now.
I'll have a call you tell you how great it is.
You had a plate full of frozen grapes?
You told me how you told me how good it is.
There they go.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Man, whatever that was.
Wow.
Gotta eat those things very slowly.
Otherwise, they have to have a sneak it out real fast when you least expect it.
Here's a mobile on the pike.
Alone.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this.
Tony.
I'm in the turnpike.
I told you.
You're in the turnpike?
Okay.
I just want to tell you I'm in the turnpike.
You're pouring your disgusting and you're a douchebag.
Thank you, Tony.
Okay.
Let's go to a pombi.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just want to thank everybody in your sale.
The department needs a good ton of grape and our shoulders shake.
There you go.
Man, I want to call Mike Disney a douchebag.
How about a strawberry fudge animal would be here.
And Mike Disney's spirit douchebag.
Okay.
Well, I got to tell you the last 10 or 12 minutes here were certainly the highlight of my young life.
Anyway, Rick and Spud who are getting sick and tired of the programming department messing up this sheet here.
Okay, they're just not taking any more of this crap and they're going to straighten it out today.
They're laying down some rules of their own because they're sick and tired of taking a bunch of cramp from a pile of known nothing slime balls,
suspended idiots.
Okay.
And I don't blame them.
And boy will be the first ones online way behind him to a wave goodbye.
Joe Zagaki and Sonny Hirshon sports talk tonight as we continue to do the post-analysation of the mock draft as we build up toward this Sunday's gigantic incredible NFL draft show.
It's going to be stupendous.
And then Hank Goldberg tonight who of course we've got millions and millions of real interesting people out there for a nighttime show.
Lots of doctors and lawyers and nutritionists and all those holistic healers.
But Hank of course works on Channel 4 so we continue shilling for Channel 4.
Tom Randles to research what's your name tonight.
So anyway, I guess Sonny's getting even with me because I was kidding him the other day about something about his ugly hair or whatever.
And today he gives me the raspberries.
Yeah.
Oh really, these are beautiful.
Man.
Where the hell do they get raspberries at this time of the year?
Well like I said, he gets it from all over the world and the fruit too.
Mmm, mmm.
Boy, I love raspberries, don't you? They're great.
And also we got the subway sandwiches coming a little while too.
So let's just kind of space ourselves up.
And if Laura is interested, look at that banana.
Man, is that a beautiful one or what?
I haven't seen anything like that in a couple of days.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Hello.
Yeah.
Ben Diggle.
Ben Diggle.
Ben Diggle.
Duke Barry's and Jingle Barry's.
Yep.
So Neil.
Yeah.
I want to tell you, your show has gotten really good recently.
I like the way you've really brought it.
It's gotten really good lately.
Like he used to be crap.
What the hell does that mean?
I think before the war, you're a little afraid on the era.
I didn't think you had your confidence.
And now you're just doing your own thing and you're...
I was afraid of what?
I thought that, you know, I don't know.
You didn't seem to be projecting it.
You know, and now what I always love is that people like you
analyze this program.
It just does wonders for me.
I was afraid on the era.
I was tentative.
I think that maybe like the program director didn't want you to do certain things.
Let me say this to you, the program director has no involvement in this show.
Okay, get that straight up front.
I think that's what you want us to think.
No, I know.
I'm telling you right now.
Let me say it again, sir.
The program director has no involvement in this show.
Thank God.
John, zero.
But anyway, you know, about a year ago, the show is a little weak.
It wasn't as strong.
And now that you're doing more talk and qualities and not so many cards,
the show is a much stronger...
Well, you don't want to hear so many cards?
No, you don't do it so much.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Lesson one.
Strawberry pie.
Strawberry pie.
Lesson two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Bunky pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie, strawberry and funky.
Language lab is a public service.
I mean, I'll be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you.
Boy, is this good today?
Thank you, Sonny.
Extra good.
And it's really even better when you don't show up.
1142.
I just love when those people call in and start telling us what to do on a year, okay?
We have an open line in the center square.
524, that's ringing now.
And guess where the only line on the board, as I look at it, right this moment.
Guess where it is?
How many guesses do you need?
Eight?
How about Palm Beach?
So you see, Ron Hayes, you were a hell of a guy,
and I'm sure that the sister has paid you a lot to write that article up there.
We probably needed it.
I can't hurt at this point, because we're like a big zero in Palm Beach.
Palm Beach line.
Hello.
Line checker.
Say, it's probably Fowler.
He's sitting in that studio out there in a conference room with a phone,
with his little Sony Walkman listing before he goes on a year.
Let's see if he's really got any calls in Palm Beach.
There probably is nothing more insecure than people in the business.
And it's always people in the business.
There he is again.
Come on, please.
Stay on there for a second.
The line checking line.
Hello.
See what I mean?
There's nothing worse and more insecure than people who call other people's talk shows
to see if all the lines are lit.
Now you don't have to do that here, because I tell you, I'm not like some of these BS artists
who say, oh, we got 400 lines all filled up.
We just have one open line.
If you call right now, if you really rush, that kind of crap.
Because they're full of baloney.
Palm Beach line.
Lee, speak to us, Lee.
Come on.
You can do it.
Okay, let's go to a lady in the wrong one.
Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, this is Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
This is Eleanor from North.
What are we going to call it?
I don't even know where I'm at.
My boss loves to hear you sing it at asshole song.
He keeps calling me.
He loves to hear me sing it.
He said you played on your radio.
And I've never heard it.
He keeps saying, it's not the song.
And I said, that's not true.
Oh, yes, Eleanor.
You've never heard this show before?
No, I haven't.
And you're in Helen Dale.
Constantly.
Well, I bet your sunny Rosenberg probably told you not to listen, didn't they?
Who's sunny Rosenberg?
I'm a newcomer to Florida, so you can go to the New York City.
Oh, well, listen.
Listen, you'll get to lay the land pretty soon, Eleanor.
I will.
You bet.
Are you going to play that song?
Well, I mean, you just called up in desperation ordinarily.
We don't take requests, but since you're pleased.
Please, please, because he's driving me crazy.
You keep saying that the wonderful song is worth it.
Well, did he put you up to this call?
Yes.
Oh.
Hopefully, yes.
He said, that's true.
And I said, no, that's not true.
Did he like a duesectual harassment to you to get you to call out?
How did you know?
Huh?
How did you know?
Yeah, you're just hoping, aren't you?
He's a what?
A deviant.
A deviant.
A sect deviant.
Well, that's what we like on his show.
Do you really?
Yes, ma'am.
Well, listen, if you put your instrument down right now and go back to the radio and listen,
we've got a really great thing for you.
I'm going to do it.
We're going to do it right now, baby.
We wouldn't do it for anybody else.
Thank you, Neil.
Have a great life.
Okay.
Say Rosenberg, a big cast, right cast, kiss, right out of sting, okay?
There's an old two days in a row.
It gets busted.
What do you get busted for stealing the 86 baseball, top to baseball cards?
Some crap like that.
So we don't have any eighties enough music.
That's from the soundtrack by Jeff Stryker, eighties enough.
So we play a Brady Bunch instead.
I'm talking to that's infectious.
Once you start playing this card.
It's my dying heart.
You can't stop stealing their cards when you start doing it.
Miami.
You know, I think he needs the buttloads, brooder.
This sounds like somebody we know.
No, it's not.
No, you sound just like you know who?
Wait, hold on one second.
I only called you one time.
Sounds like Woody.
Now this is Randy the Coca-Cola man.
Okay.
You sound just like Woody, Randy.
Well, I will thank you.
No, it's a knock, not a knock.
No, let me tell you something.
Tell me what you're doing.
The reason why I'm calling though?
Wait a minute.
Don't get so hyper.
I got a half of a beautiful turkey and bacon
Deluxe sub from Subway in here.
Subway the first person who comes in here gets it.
It's yours in a building.
I'll be there.
No, not your Randy.
Oh, it listen.
I've been working two months on this project.
Yeah.
And I've searched every record album and every tape.
Okay.
And I found the ultimate scene song for your new show.
Yeah.
I swear you're going to get a kick.
You're going to love it.
For my new show?
Well, the old show but new scene.
I see.
And I want you to hear it.
I don't know how to get it to you somehow.
And the song too.
What do we got to do to get this to you?
Because you're going to love it.
Why don't you probably put it in a non-philope?
Is it a cassette?
Yeah, it's a non-cissette.
Wow.
Well, why don't you put it in the song?
And on a full open like on the front, put the name of the station and my name and the address.
Wow.
And put a stamp, a couple of stamps on it, put it in the mail.
And maybe you'll get it.
Isn't it amazing?
But you got to check it out.
I'll check it out.
I'll give you a hint.
It's by a black group from the 70s.
Yeah.
A black group called Parliament.
Parliament.
I want to testify the Parliaments.
Well, listen, they're sort of like a kiss.
Is it the Parliaments?
No, it's Parliament.
And they dress just like kiss.
Kind of weird, you know?
Now, I like the Parliaments and I want to testify.
That was one of my all-time favorite records.
I wonder if Johnny Dark has got that or anybody we know.
I want to testify.
I got to have that by the Parliaments.
Great record.
But not better.
But Rich Wien has got that.
This is a black group who thinks they're trying to be like kiss back in the mid-70s.
So it's kind of like a black kiss.
The name of the song is tear the roof off the sucker.
Yeah.
Well, that's with an S.
Can you see that on the radio?
Yes.
OK, it's called tear the roof off the motherfucker.
Yeah.
And you're going to laugh it.
How come the name of it keeps expanding here?
Because that's what it says.
The real title is tear the roof off.
No, I don't want to hear anymore.
I mean, you're just going to hold away the back.
Don't sing it.
Send me the thing.
Send it to me.
I'll send you my thing in the envelope.
OK.
OK, sir.
Yes, sir.
And I'm not...
We're hooding.
See you, Randy.
Bye.
Wow.
Woo!
This sandwich today.
You notice how when the subway comes after I've picked out on the salad,
I usually cut just a little piece off.
Well, I have to confess that I'm well on a way to finishing half of this.
And if somebody else doesn't come in here and it's going to make me very sick
if I eat the whole thing, you know that.
There's a half of a subway sub sitting here waiting to be eaten.
Turkey and bacon deluxe.
And it is extra good today, too.
It is sensational.
Speaking of food, which we do, just on rare occasion on this show,
if you love fresh seafood, but you just can't afford the high baggage
that goes along with those prices,
canis, the seafood place, just put seafood back in your budget
for just about everybody, even Marvin.
At canis, you can get a complete fresh seafood dinner,
including salad and vegetable for under $10 any day of the week.
Finally, somebody came along and made fresh seafood affordable.
If you love oysters, if you just, if it does something sensual,
just sliding those babies down your throat,
every Monday and Tuesday you can get a dozen oysters for a buck.
If you love lobster, one pound main lobster dinner, only $7.99
at canis seafood place.
Ah!
That's all right.
Okay.
Have you ever seen Nick Navarro and Sonny from the market together,
by the way, exactly the same here?
I think they pass it, oh seriously, I think they pass it back and forth.
I don't think there are no two people in the world can have that here.
Well, I don't know, mate.
I just noticed it is kind of similar.
It's shocking.
Well, Wilson, have a good life, and you know.
Okay, well listen, you're obviously a guy who's interested in body parts
and we'll have Elaine send you a few in the mail, okay?
I thank you.
Adios.
So, by the way, 1218 at WIOD, we have an open line a day.
The calls are picking up to a frenzy pace now, aren't they?
Just now that I'm starting to slow down after reading the raspberries
were sensational.
Oh, do I love...
Love is in the love boat, raspberries.
See, you get started.
Am I the only one that does that?
I think everybody does.
It's like certain words.
You will say them.
If you say them enough times, they sound ridiculous.
I can't think of one right now, but there are some words.
If you keep saying them over and over again, it's like they can't be such a word.
It's ridiculous.
And it's the same with certain expression.
The love boat.
Now I'm going to start saying it all the time, because that show,
that the voice, I mean, the show is bad enough, but the voice.
What was his name?
Somebody called in yesterday and told you with your mouth just...
The food is just pouring out of his mouth.
He's got... he's got sandwich and salad and stuff just munging out of his mouth
and they're Georgia a pig.
Gross.
1219 at WIOD.
So, somebody should...
If you call this show between now and two and somebody answers the phone...
Don't you all do.
Like that.
Sounded like they got a mouthful of whatever Ross Morton has in his mouth.
You'll know it's George.
Homestead.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to call, tell you, uh...
That it is a public service you pull with them, old bags, pits of the lawn.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's about all I really had to say, man.
Well...
Not well.
Yeah, later.
Back at you.
1219.
If you know the best call and it just struck me, was that woman from Alabama.
That's the best call we've had in months.
She was all right.
We're just all over here, getting a big kick, you know, out of this.
Getting a kick in our pants.
There's an open line in the center square.
524-9463-524-WIOD.
Harry Heat is on the phone.
Harry?
Harry Heat's gone.
Well, screw you, Harry.
It's boring.
We're not interested in NBA basketball, okay, unless it's maybe the bulls.
We have two open lines in Broward.
524-WIOD.
We have our first pig report of the morning.
I can't believe it.
There is a major pig report here.
Yeah.
Between Copens and Atlantic.
Yeah, pigs.
You got a major speech route, and I just got caught.
Did you?
And I feel like sharing it with everybody.
No biggie.
I don't think they caught that pigs are out there, and they are.
They're up there.
No jam, good.
On?
I'm telling you.
A bunch of slime balls.
Yeah, one of them said to me.
No blight for real.
No blight for real.
Okay.
20 afternoon at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
We have let him get out of the system every day.
524-9463-524.
What was his routine yesterday?
I forget what it was, but it was pretty good.
1221 on 610-WIOD, where we bend over backward, and we still have got.
I got an apple that's been sitting there for two days.
It's probably like mung.
But I got a half of a beautiful turkey.
I'm going to eat it.
Don't do it.
Hey, let me say this to you.
Okay, screw you.
I'm eating it.
He's sitting in there with food just pouring out of air.
He's in his butt.
Oh, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Do this.
Hey, I just saw Marvin walk down.
He just came into building it.
He made me a wonder.
Are you over your head with credit card and hospital bills?
Are bill collectors calling you at home and work driving you nuts?
Well, did you know you can't stop them from calling legally?
Happy.
You know, retirement just wasn't my style, so.
I began working nights down here as a janitor and a sole office building.
Just to keep busy, I guess, because I'm a baseball old man when I'm waiting.
But anyway, okay, there's the big cheese now.
How you doing tonight?
Hey, we're getting late, aren't we?
How are you doing?
You having a pretty tough night?
Yeah.
Good night.
Good night.
You're going to watch it and watch the game tonight?
Yeah, I'm in across the street, free pizza at Beer Night over there.
I'm on a pretty tough day, but I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm just going to listen to it when there's all the radio here.
And tennis kind of shaking.
I think it's a big screen-color TV over there.
It's best picture-resistant.
Yeah, a big screen-color.
That's great picture.
I heard it is.
Glad you're like the Bea there.
Well, you know, I got all my work done.
Oh, really?
Is this your all done?
Yeah, he's supposed, maybe I could.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Maybe I could.
Well, I got my BMW in the garage.
I got a Blah Food Nick radio in there.
I can pick up the...
You can drive me anything.
No, no.
I'll give you my car keys.
Why don't you clean up my car?
I got a wicked stand in the back seat.
Yeah, I've got something that's running me clean up with us.
Simonize it.
I'll be back in about two hours and maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza, okay?
Dad, well, dad, listen, thanks a lot.
I hear my keys and be careful when it scratches the car.
And I'll be back in about two hours.
Two hours.
Yeah, I got a lot of work.
You're not going to bring...
Well, you're an extra said.
You were worth a s***.
That's something.
Yeah, you can't be my son.
Nobody's that ungrateful.
You...
Wraffin.
I'll take your...
And stain BMW and run that and another...
Right into the damn river in the left.
You're worth nothing.
You're someone's attention.
Second.
Good, sorry.
Bring your real fingers.
Pig faced.
This message brought to you by the National Curse Foundation.
And remember our motto.
Goof yourself.
Okay, 1226 at WIO.
Do we have a call from prestige?
Is Lake Worth?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Americans.
I used to be a chronic.
Yeah.
A chronic nutnik.
And you probably remember me.
I sort of dropped off a little before the war, but I'm back.
I got several questions.
Let's see how many you let me get to.
First, that...
Okay, just a joke.
Go ahead.
I'll put you on hold for a second.
It was just a little joke.
Gee, with.
I thought my heart stopped.
Then a tiny rest run you have to hide forward with the spaghetti.
40?
Do you remember that one?
Yeah.
Can you get that 40 catered?
Okay, second question.
Your car, you call it the bluish green?
Is that...
Go ahead.
Go ahead, what?
Is that your screen a bluish green?
Okay, third question.
I saw the article today and I think it's a seven and a half.
Good, these easy to dance to.
See ya.
1227.
You know who...
You know he reminds me of it in a kind of a different way, but the same boring.
I think he's a real character.
Is that Alta Clarker's Sydney, the coseroniri, and oh man.
Who did he call the other...
He called up...
Oh, geez.
Now I remember it.
It was one night last week and I was listening to Hank in the car on the way home from the track.
And he calls up and he starts going on about Bill Colder.
And I, you know, I hesitate to say this because maybe Alta Clarker's Sydney is listening.
I probably should say it because I wouldn't...
I mean Bill was one of my best friends for years and a great guy and all this.
And this guy thought that Bill just thought he was the catch me out.
Bill Colder thought he was the biggest slime ball that ever came down to Pike.
Like borrowed money from Bill one time or from me, one of us at Colder years and years ago.
And then he wound up sending like a ticket to cash.
Like months later after we embarrassed him money.
I mean this guy is just...
He knows nothing about racing at all.
And this is a Reneerie's expert on horse racing that calls in all time and we'll be calling in soon because the Derby's coming up and we carry all three of the Derby the Freakness and the Belmont State.
Which reminds me that Dave Johnson should be calling us pretty soon, right? Derby Week, that's May 5th, right?
You don't even know who the hell Dave Johnson is.
Well what the hell do you know, George, besides just shoveling a bunch of food down your big stupid getting fatter by the minute face?
There's more to life than just eating George.
Damn it.
Mmm.
Or that is good today, though.
Mmm.
Man.
I usually exert a little bit of willpower or something in here.
But not with the subway today is the best.
Well in the far chain the Mclow-Bell is still in front of the padding.
Please do not move the air in a second.
Uptown-Fundham looks racing with only an outside face.
Moon Rock's thing is to far outside fall.
Take a close to top of the stretch.
The Mclow-Bell has a lead. Uptown-Fundham's six is on the outside.
Second Moon Rock three.
Who just stretched the Mclow-Bell on the inside?
With uptown-Fundham's down the center track to get three.
Uptown-Fundham's in front.
Pull it Bob Meyer.
There he is.
Doing it.
Who says we talk about horse racing on issue?
I want to get everybody in the mood for a clock or a Sydney's calls.
Miami, hello.
I'll help the Yankees.
Now that I've met that guy, it's like it's added a whole different, he's more sickening than ever.
What a strange guy.
Let's go Miami, hello.
Okay, nice talking to you two, two in a row.
Miami, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I want to give you a major juice bag report.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's that dude Randy from Homestead.
Anybody who's spent two months of his life figuring out a theme song and got much to do.
Exactly.
I can't even figure out how to get it in the mail to get it here.
I'll tell you what, throwing that other guy with them, with them wise cracks too, whoever he was.
Yeah.
Where was that from?
That was from Homestead.
You're not fooling me, sir.
What a bunch of ye who's down in Homestead, huh?
Boy.
I guess they just try to fulfill the legacy.
Here's a mobile in Miami on their dime.
Okay, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I'm giving up in Chicago in a couple weeks.
I wonder if he had the cubby's home schedule handy.
Do you know the one day I don't bring my little satchel in, which is out in the car, I don't have it.
A special page.
He's in the trunk.
I've never been up there.
What is the ballpark right in the middle of the city?
I'm staying downtown.
How far away am I?
By cab, 20 minutes.
By cab, 20 minutes?
I can't take like a train over there.
From downtown?
Yeah.
Like that loop thing?
Is that going around there?
I really don't know.
Somebody from Chicago, I've never taken that.
What's the matter?
You can't take the cab?
Taking a cab is a snap.
I guess they have cabs up there.
Unlike...
There are cabs all over.
No problem.
There are cabs all over the place.
Where are you staying?
What hotel?
At the Marriott.
Well, of course, just get a cab out there.
They've got a cab stand in front of all hotels.
Get a cab.
It'll take you 15, 20 minutes.
Where'd you stay when you're up there?
We stayed at the, what you call it?
The Ritz Carlton.
Oh, that's a nice one.
Oh, that's one of the most beautiful hotels I've ever stayed in.
That's fatter.
Have you been to the Ritz Carlton in Atlanta?
No.
You got to deal with that one.
Yeah, I heard that's great.
But the one in Chicago, I'm telling you, is sensational.
Yeah.
But anyway...
Any good restaurants up there?
Every restaurant is good.
You will not get a bad meal in Chicago.
You go to Scusese, they're a great Italian restaurant.
You can go to pizza, genos, east, you know, is west.
Right.
There's a great restaurant right down by the Lakeshore
Drive that is called the Palm.
The Palm.
Mm-hmm.
The Palm?
Is it enough of your hand?
Tremendous.
I won't touch that one.
No, it's Tremendous.
It's Tremendous.
There are no bad juz.
Just letting these down.
Even a food in Chicago.
I mean, if the ballpark is great.
There's a great steakhouse across the street from the Ritz Carlton, the name of which I can't think of.
We'll have a whole bunch of people calling and make suggestions for you.
Okay, that'll kill a couple of minutes.
Terrific.
And one final.
Have you been to that place?
Hank was talking about last night, the car wash.
It's, it's your, your way behind the times here.
We already had our reports today.
It is busted, if we can say that.
It is.
Sheriff Nick went in here and busted.
He busted that all over.
Oh, because he was, he didn't know what it was all about.
And I just heard about it last night.
Hank was in there.
He, he was talking about it.
I don't think he was in there spanking the monkey.
Too late, Hank.
Too late now, baby.
Hank was dying to spank the monkey in there.
Well, when we get him back from GTR, well, let's know how he's feeling.
How the great day, sir.
Thank you, back.
Hank, this 1233 at WIOD, we have an open line in day, 751-9463.
And speaking of subway, and I'll see that's bad.
That is really bad.
I shouldn't have eaten my little end of that.
And these people, when you, you know, the interesting thing about this building,
when you want them to come in and eat, they don't do it.
When you got stuff, and I mean, good stuff.
Sitting here like tons of it, and you go on here and you say,
boy, this stuff is going to go to waste, it's going to rot,
it's going to get all kinds of mung on it, and they just don't come in.
If on the other hand, you have a small amount coming.
Remember that day we had just for us, whatever it was.
And all of a sudden, the door, what was it?
Chinese?
Oh, yeah, the day that I bought the Chinese from,
that what you call it delivered up here,
IA, Evan, Evan.
And man, it was for Cheryl and George and me,
and whatever was left over, depending on how much it was brought.
And he hasn't even put the last box down on the table here,
and the door opens and all the snores led by,
I used to have a big nosy lane at tour come barging in here.
Like it was Morrison's on a bad day.
So as a result, you've done me a grotesque disservice here in the building.
My head is swimming because my blood sugar is about 700.
Now I shouldn't have eaten all that.
Bad, but it was delicious.
And of course, don't forget to check out that delicious 6-inch cold cut combo
it's subway now just a buck 69.
A dollar 69 for some of the juiciest, most delectable six inches you've ever had in your life.
And the thing about subway is everything is fresh to give you a ton of food for a tiny,
little teeny bit of money.
And they bake their own bread daily throughout the day,
so it's always as fresh as can be your choice of white or whole wheat.
And whatever you like, they'll make a sub for you,
whether it's tuna turkey, the subway club, the VMT,
which is loaded with all kinds of great cold cuts, seafood and crab,
the steak and cheese roast beef, beef ball spicy, a tagging ham and cheese cold cut combo,
or what we had today, it was great.
Did you have a whole one?
You sure did, and then some.
Just shoveling it down.
The turkey breast topped with slices of bacon, it was sensational.
And don't forget, if you're having like a special get together,
or if a nildo's coming over to visit, give one of those big six-foot party subs
that feeds about 20 to 25 people,
or if Cheryl's coming by, give one of the three-foot party subs that feeds about 10 to 12.
At the subway nearby you, and don't forget they're growing like tops either,
everywhere, they're over 120 locations throughout Dave and Broward.
Tell them that fat getting fatter by the second kneel and George, since you buy it a subway.
All the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks,
to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule, but during
National Brotherhood, weathe, National Brotherhood, weathe,
lean a horn and sheriff Clark are dancing cheap to cheap, fun to utilize,
but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks, it's American as apple pie, but during
National Brotherhood, weathe, National Brotherhood, weathe, New Yorkers love the fweather weekends,
cause it's petty sheets. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand,
you can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and the Catholics hate the Protestants,
and the Hindus hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews.
All the professional Brotherhood, National Brotherhood, weathe, National
everyone smile at one and neverhood weathe, nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week, so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Well, I'm leaping through this tremendous book that was sent to me this morning,
and I want to thank whoever mailed us to me, fantastic, called a fart book,
and I'm reading through learning a lot. The French fart said to be the most beautiful of
farts, usually in a minor key, soft and musical with many haptones.
Any long drawn-out fart that seems beautiful to you is most likely a French fart, very rare.
Now we come to the German fart.
If you hear a fart that makes you think of a dog, it is probably the German fart.
It has either a deep growling or low barking noise, or both.
It comes from deep inside and never seems to get all the way out.
Still it can be loud and frightening the small children.
The older varies, but not much as it is one of the rank ones every time.
Wow! So anyway, if you want to who wrote this thing?
It's by Ivory Tower Publishing Company, and it's by a couple of real connoisseurs,
Donald Wetzel, illustrated by Martin Riskin.
The illustrations are great. You've got to be on TV to see this.
There's the inspirational fart, the junk fart, for meeting junk food, the Lispe fart,
the loose board fart, etc.
For men who are reading.
And you know where it would be a good place to read that, too, don't you?
Anyway, I'm looking at my box, I'm getting the mail this morning, and stuck in my box,
I hesitate to go into this on a air because people tend to be overly sensitive.
Here is a picture of Manny, our board out.
Now why Manny has selected to put this picture in my box, I have no idea,
but over the last, see Manny used to be like a groupie, Manny from Kendall.
Then all of a sudden he became a board op here at WIOD, just out of nowhere,
I guess because he knew Dave Graveline.
And now he's like transcended beyond that as most of these people,
there's become like a celebrity in his own mind, and recorded the thing with Rick Sanchez and all of that.
And he's a great guy, okay?
However, for all this period of time since he's been calling the show for some reason,
Manny has diluted himself into believing that I desperately want his body, okay?
Now, Manny, I must say to you, nice guy, but on a scale of 42, Manny, you know, just forget it.
1242, an addition to which he's got a very attractive, it is rumored girlfriend, Fionce, whatever she is,
if you matter, very rare, hot, right?
What she's doing with him, I have no idea, that's what George said.
What George's wife is doing with him, we all wonder, too.
Probably something pretty interesting.
For Lauderdale, hello?
Hello there.
Yes sir.
Um, you driving?
Yeah, pretty unsafe.
Yeah, it is pretty unsafe.
Dangerous, dangerous, yeah.
Dangerous.
Who's a mid-hour fiberglass?
Man, I know.
And if you get hit, I think it's going to crumble like a cookie man.
I know, it's great.
Well, that's what's great, just crumbles with it.
You can't get hit by anything, it's fantastic.
No metal comes, you know, jabbing back into your body.
Well, that's not true.
Well, maybe metal from the other car is straight, yeah.
That's possible.
You know, so I think I tend to agree with that, uh...
What are you driving?
Some little piece of crapser, is that it?
Um, I thought it musting.
A musting!
Woo!
That's not bad.
No, thanks.
I like that musting convertible.
Doesn't matter.
But I am bothered by these punk kids that, you know,
get up next to me at the stoplight and think they're going to race.
I mean, who are they kidding?
Why?
They're dreaming.
Leave them in the dust, they're alive.
They're not in the dust.
It's not serious.
Okay, whatever you say.
Come on, baby.
Come on.
Okay.
It's...
This is a manual, right?
No, sir, it's automatic, which is the faster vet.
No.
Yes, sir.
You think so?
I don't think so.
I know so.
I mean, if you read the thing, those high-falutin-rhodentrack things,
it is.
It's been tested.
The automatic, the last three years, is faster than the stick.
What about the ZR1?
Well, I mean, what about the ZR1?
Those are the posting with the fastest.
That's correct.
Out there.
That's right.
So you should step up to one of those.
Okay.
You can get killed quicker.
There you go.
How about it?
Okay.
We'll work on it.
1243 at WIO.
I'm surprised we have more comments about that by angry vet owners.
But like I said, weeks ago, when Rick Riley was given us his pseudo-intellectual Porsche
cramped as in the Merchant of Venice, Corvette owners, we don't have to be reinforced, so to
speak.
Maybe the body needs to be reinforced.
What the hell am I talking about?
Anyway, the story, the wire service story, this is by an insurance industry research group.
They said the Corvette is the deadliest automobile on the highway from their statistical research
which they can take and sit on somewhere and the Volvo 240 station wagon is the safest.
I got news for you.
My Porsche 928 is the safest car in plantation acres.
You want to know why?
Because it never leaves the thing, the driveway.
In fact, it's even covered now.
I finally covered it after it turned like kind of a burnt orange color after it sat out
there long enough in the painter.
Now, if a car's got a good paint job, it should be able to sit out there for months and not
have the paint turned orange, right?
All these people say, oh, you should put it in the garage, you should do it in the screw
that.
So now I have the only like orange 928 in plantation acres.
Anybody want to buy it?
Chief?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, my name's Fred.
I was one of the call until Neil about good restaurants been browned.
What is this like a plug for your place, Fred?
Oh, no, no.
I just eat there all the time.
And I know he's a connoisseur of food.
The name of the place is Shae Porquies.
Got to like that cage in food and...
Shae Porquies?
Yeah.
Oh, that's where they filmed that movie, huh?
Yeah, right.
But it's a North Broward.
You'd like to bring him by some wing sometimes, the owner of the business.
Yeah.
How do you know that?
You like a friend of the owner and he puts you up to making his call?
What's that?
You like a friend of the owner and he puts you up to making his call about good.
No, no, no.
I'm just a patron there.
Yeah.
A patron?
It's a good restaurant.
Yeah.
I know that Neil likes good food and...
He sure does.
So what did you want to do?
Well, how can we bring you some wings, Neil?
Can't do it.
1246 at WIOD.
Look at this.
There's Christmas list on Saturday in the 11th race on the far outside.
You know, that can't William's.
I am getting so sick and tired of looking at that porcupine here in those stiff horses
that he touted a fat rich on.
Although it wasn't his fault, it was fat riches for him.
I'm going to stick by that.
Absolutely.
Nobody to blame but fat rich.
He just begs to be touted on crap up there.
And so help me if he does two things tonight.
I'm going to be really upset.
It's about time we reform that fat friend of ours, okay?
Number one, he don't need to eat.
Now I'm definitely not eating after what I ate here today.
I admit I just went nuts.
I had the salad and a whole sub sandwich, which I haven't been doing.
And I desperately have to lose that 85,000 pounds.
But I go up there at night and when I go to Pompa, what I have is a bowl of soup, diet
soda, and once in a while, no, and I usually have like a thing of a sherbet for my, and
that's it, no meal.
That's it.
He sits there and has a whole meal, like a 99 times out of 100.
99 times out of 100.
Shrimp cocktail, bowl of soup, and of course always the French onion soup with a thick
lobs of cheese is fattening his hell right to your gallbladder.
And then like a steak or chicken or chicken parmesan and the fruit cup, you know, I think
he's cute.
I'll just have the fruit cup for dessert.
After he's had like a 70,000 calorie dinner, no eating tonight.
Feed your fat face at home.
Have yourself a little bowl of soup and that's it.
That's what I'm going to do.
Stop picking out and no touting.
Well Kelly said this, it is, but I don't care what anybody, I don't want to know it.
I don't want to see Harvey Ross.
I don't want to see Spencer Ross.
I want to lose based on my own stupidity, not somebody else's.
How's that?
Anyway, well, that spot's coming up right now as a matter of fact.
How do you like that for time and great job?
Pork you fine.
Christmas list in the eight hole on Saturday and the 11th race.
I care about Bernetta Hollywood.
He's a neat guy and he does always.
He makes me nauseous and that show is just to die from.
I'm telling the love.
That's the only one that he used that voice on.
And it was a joke to him too.
I grew up with that guy.
And then they, now isn't he the guy that did the ABC stuff at everything?
Yeah.
Still does, a lot of it.
One denied on it.
He did like that Miami vice-pray.
Yep.
In fact, no, he started it on ABC and then NBC got a guy who sounded just like him.
Yeah, he got to be the voice of the copy.
Right.
Good old Ernie Anderson.
He used to hang out through a lot of crazy things.
Local and quave one.
Used to hang out, huh?
Yeah, that's it.
And that's what I wanted to tell you.
Can I do one thing?
Sure.
First time caller I got to see this.
I know Tony is listening.
He's a major Chicago deep dish.
Okay.
Okay, deep dish dish bag.
I like that.
That's Chicago excellent job.
You got it.
Thank you.
That's it.
See, like here we just got playing out boring old regular douche bags.
But in Chicago they got the deep dish douche bag.
Now, if you listen to the voice.
Fifty five on the love boat.
And that channel 10 also got a guy who's doing the local stuff like that.
Gross.
horrendous.
It's just a sad commentary on these stupidity of the masses.
We have an open line in the center square.
Five, two, four.
Ava Gore.
Ava, by the way, says all a bunch of cramps.
She and Merva have been engaged for 20 years now.
It's all a bunch of cologne.
You know, how come that story is being so well suppressed?
Have you noticed that?
It made one little blurb there.
And boy, they have got that story back deep in the closet.
There's not going to be anybody on this line.
Hollywood.
Yes, Neil.
There is.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm an Air Force recruiter here in Hollywood.
Yes, sir.
And I got a couple of things.
Number one that I'd like to mention.
The United States Air Force is going to be playing in Miami dolphins for an organization called
Kids Crusaders.
Now, I got a phone call from Kids Crusaders this morning and they got a serious problem
that I was hoping some of your listeners might be able to help them out with.
They are in serious need of a couple of bunk beds for some of the kids that are in foster
care and what have you.
And I thought one of the best ways to get this message out would be put it on your show.
Well, there's a lot of bunk on the show so this could be the right place.
That's true.
You know, where do they call?
Okay, they could call Kids Crusaders.
The number is 746-2845.
Right.
That's in Fort Lauderdale.
They could talk to either Maria or Madeline.
They're needing these real soon.
So hopefully somebody out there can help them out.
Okay, well do our best.
Okay, thank you very much, sir.
Anytime.
Bye-bye.
Okay, 746-2845.
Get your bunk bed and they get it over there.
Okay.
Out of the attic or the closet or wherever it is.
We have an open line in Broward, 524 bunk.
And let's go to Papano.
Good to know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the guy called about Jay Porkey.
He used to work there by chance for about five years.
Yeah.
And he's right.
The food is great.
I got to tell you.
Yeah, it's really good.
So just check it out.
You know what, Neil?
You're so sucks.
Yeah, let's tell you.
Can I say something to you, sir?
No, bye.
Suck this.
1257 at W.Y.O.D.
Well, that's a good Jay Porkey, sir.
They're getting some good play in here today.
Is there really such a place?
We have an open line in Broward, 524.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How many mobile do you have?
How many mobile lines?
Because I was holding on with you because the other mobile.
I thought you only had one.
Well, no, we only have one for free.
But the other guy was panning his dime, which is why we put him on first.
Now, well, you're doing on our dime.
That's another story.
Oh, fine.
I don't mind waiting.
Okay.
First of all, how you doing?
I'm fine.
Well, that's great.
Listen, I wanted to ask you a small favor.
I have nothing to do with playing a card.
I'm only...
Not about Jay Porkey, sir.
No, no, no, no.
I'm only able to...
But then...
Yeah, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I'm only able to call the show once in a while.
So I call my way to work and all my way home.
And I really don't have any other time.
I happened to catch Rick and Sudge yesterday and I offered him my service.
The Thursday, I wasn't...
I was supposed to call back before the show ended to see if they chose me and I wasn't able to do it.
Chose you for what?
To do one of their Thursday happening.
Oh, one of their idiot on the corner.
Yeah, one of those.
Well, you know, it pays money.
So I don't mind doing what I do best on the corner and...
Really?
...and paid for what?
Yeah, you sound like your experience.
Well, I'm a great potter.
A great one?
Potter.
I want to throw pot.
You know, on a potter's wheel,
I can go...
Whatever you say.
I was wondering if you had heard anything and if they chose me,
because if so, I'll call them back.
Oh, there's Mani and his big ass in there in a control room now.
I have no idea, but I'm sure they'll be glad to tell you.
Or maybe somebody can call in in the next 15 minutes or like that.
I guarantee you, this audience is right on top of it.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck.
Okay, markets up 19 points and George is obsessed with Mani's big, shapely head.
That wasn't so good either, was it?
We have an open line on the Star Line, Star I-O-D,
and that's it for this hour.
I can't believe it.
Boy, time just flies when you're having great calls like this.
We got... who's doing the news?
Chuckie Meyer is standing by with the news,
whose pirates are going to kick the mets all over the field tonight at where they're playing.
And Pittsburgh, I'm sure that.
And we got the Cubs in the Phillies Inn,
Wrigley Field of Sanford, no more.
I got a race out of here.
I hate to leave real quick, but at 159, and it's out that door.
So if anybody's got any in the sales department,
anybody got any meetings, save it.
And Rick and Sajas Afno, now I haven't promoed what it says in search of an idiot on a corner for Thursday.
And listen for a chance to win tickets to the Forman Holy Field fight at Penrods on South Beach,
Evander Holy Field.
Sounds like somebody used to play for the pirates with Hanna Swagner, Evander Holy Field.
Joseph Ackie, Jim Manage, with Steve Spurrier and Joe Mendiz,
more of that draft-grap, Haggolberg 8-11 tonight.
Yeah, around the studio.
You're almost as good as Alaska with that old Chinese job.
Well, listen, it's a nice talk and you have a great life.
Are you?
Bye.
I told you they'd be quick today.
12 minutes passed 11, but they've been good.
These people, actually, most of them, they're not brain surgeons, they're not too bright,
but they're under the age of 100, which is all we care about, okay?
So just remember, you don't have to be intelligent to call this show.
And if you ever listen before, we probably don't have to tell you that.
Okay, it's 11, 15 at WIOD and our friends from the pizza loft are here with just a little lunch.
Okay, if Linda is listing a nutrition system, I don't want you to panic dear,
because everything is under control.
We've only got about 78 pounds of Italian food here.
Now, what is that? Is that a lasagna?
Oh, that's the mushroom.
Oh, baked mushroom.
Cheese and soya.
That looks incredible, doesn't it?
And this is diet, right?
And we've got a whole wheat, just a little tiny whole wheat pizza, which I'll have one slice.
And that's it, that'll be...
What?
Yes, I was agreeing with you.
Sure you was, sarcastically.
Oh, me? Sarcastically?
Thank you very much.
This made my whole wheat. Trust me.
Thanks a million.
Pizza loft in Miami, and I'm telling you, they have got some of the most incredible Italian food that you will ever, ever dig into.
I'm sure that Nick probably wants a little bit of this too, right?
They gave him something.
Oh, do you got something?
Yeah.
Look at that.
Boy, oh boy. What about Roger?
Want a little something? We got some lasagna here.
Oh, you got...look at that.
They brought in food for all the important people.
How do you like that?
11, 16. Let me just taste this.
Yeah, I know.
Never had much of it.
Oh, my God.
Just like this.
Oh!
This is...
No, I'm serious.
I don't dare...
