Is there a pretty hefty check if I say so that's my opinion I'm like Disney for another thousand
How do you like that?
When you make the big bucks you got to spend it so our well our total for Camila's house is a little
Difficult to tell for two reasons number one bubblehead is
She's not in the building yet. How see it? Who knows where she is and
The second reason is that the pomp and opark on Friday. We did that Camila's house pace in the sixth race and
We don't have the exact number yet. So this coming Friday they're gonna present me with a check and we appreciate it. Thank all a horseman
Very generous on their part. Thank Mrs. Peter Ren who came up with the idea and
Thanks to a John Cashman the hero dearest and Alan J Finkelson, etc
We figure it's gonna be about 6700 what hero dearest told me so that would but we're not gonna include that in total till we get it in our hand
If you know what I'm saying so as of the moment 87,800 $10 and 65 cents plus whatever house
He hasn't told me about that was called it on Friday and you can call in today at Camila's house
Nordier tape and T-shirt and a partridge in four pair of trees at 375
0763
375 0763
Sales department is setting new lows already today the week has just started. They're all crazy. They're all nuts. They're psychotic
They're brutal now
Didn't boon didn't his daughter call you did I dream that that they were coming all the way down here because I got news for you
I might have a little bit of that soup. There is no more food. I
Know laugh all you want. I'm serious. My blood sugar is bad. It is bad. I feel like crap
So am I gonna kill myself for these sales people is it worth it? No?
I
Could give a few things as worth killing myself for land. Oh, but not for the sales department. Okay?
So all you people I want to bring food and try to force feed you can put it downstairs and everybody can enjoy it and dive in have a great time
But I'm not eating any of it. Don't even think about bringing it in here
Boy just a hectic we got all the football games on Wednesday
Rick and Satsuri turned tomorrow. We have no sheath
Halcyon's not in the building. We don't have any idea. I got a little copy here from last weekend
We don't have any clue what's going on man. It is just pathetic
What
Read the board
That has nothing to do with today. What does that have to do with today read this?
Don't give me excuses for that little pimple headed geek that sits in there. I want a sheet. Okay. I want to feel like David Duke
I want to have my own sheet dammit
Color coordinated. I want it like puse with purple polka dots. I want a sheet for New Year
This is your sheet station WIOD. Believe me when I tell you that trust me
This is your full of that's my opinion. Yeah, I'm like this well for once you had it right
Anyway, it's 10 minutes past headed WIOD and if you missed the wide-to-week end highly amended
They have a big crowd out there on Saturday that over 12,000 people on Saturday plunging their brains out and watching the flamenco
Do their number in the lake and you still have a couple of weeks to go don't forget still have through January 7th to take advantage of the great racing
The ambiance the flamingos and all the great food and the yes the music festival on the weekends and the free merry go ride for the family
It's just a fun way to spend a great afternoon Tuesday through Sunday at Hyalia in fact this Wednesday be another great day
New Year's day you betcha they'll be racing a tremendous card go out there
In fact, some of us aren't working on Wednesday. I wouldn't be surprised at all if some of us showed up out there on
No Wednesday at Hyalia Park so she's back as Bob Savage would say and better than ever gates open daily at 10.30 first race
12.30 Tuesday through Sunday see you soon at Hyalia Park
Ever since their first duet on a frozen pond Don and Betty have dreamed of going to the Olympic Games
Of gliding gracefully about the rink and then launching themselves through triple axel after triple axel
But now they'll well into their 40s and the only threat they pose is to other skaters
You know still visa wants them to go
I'm gonna go down
God
So for every day until December 31st
Visa's giving away a trip for two to the 1992 Olympic Games watch it
With all the glory that's the Olympic Games plus a thousand dollars in visa travelers checks to spend
Look out!
And entering is easy because every time you use your visa card you've got a chance to win
So now thanks to visa millions of Americans are still Olympic history
Just not like they imagine
Visa official card at the 1992 Olympic Games
Orpyrans December 31st 1991 must be 18 or older no purchase necessary
Void were restricted or prohibited for official rules for 1-800-3328-472
You want to talk about it?
Go have a nice day Cheryl 10-13 at WIOD in any way this this is such a
Circus here today man. Oh, we needed the elephants and some of the in a shovel a
Fort Lauderdale on the starline
Happy New Year everybody!
How you doing?
Can I have you New Year?
Just Tom Dennenberg?
Yes!
Okay Tom happy to you too. Hollywood hello
Hi, this is Harry from Hollywood. Yeah, Harry.
I ain't Neil DeSeri. When is Diaz Harry?
The NFL free game show.
No, I did not Harry. Oh my god.
Which one are you talking about?
The yesterday's before the playoff game.
Well before which playoff game there were two of them. I hate to break the news here.
The NBC one.
The NBC playoff
Before the Houston Jets game. No, I did not see that right.
Oh my god Jimmy Johnson Space was on air and I just fell off my seat.
Well, I'm sure glad I didn't have to watch that.
He does look like howdy-duty.
Oh my god. You just discovered that?
Huh? You just discovered that Harry?
Yeah.
I'll tell you one thing the beers are one of the most important teams in football man.
They get that ball down here inside the 10 yard line over and over and over again
and they ran plays man. It looked even worse than us.
They literally were just pathetic.
They're stupid plays.
Dumb plays.
They quarterback Sneak with Harball man.
He ought to go back to Michigan. Sneak on this.
Neil, Neil, don't hang up.
They're pathetic.
Why do you say that?
What makes you think I'm hanging up on you?
I don't know why.
It's two days before New Year's.
We're going to be desperate.
You're a cook or moron, you know, but they also had this kid, Maravitch.
You know, he's the kid.
No, not Maravitch. Maravitch is dead.
He used to play basketball. It's Marinovitch.
Oh, Todd Marinovitch.
Hey.
What they had him on.
What a set of chap lifts that kid's got.
Yeah.
Oh, you ever see his lift?
If he might be your own.
Well, he's been sucking around a lot to get that job, you know?
Huh?
I said that weather out there must be getting to him.
If he might be, you know, that guy you bash brick.
Rick.
Rick.
Go ahead, sir.
You can do it.
Rick.
Rick.
I don't want to say his name, or I don't know.
You don't know the name.
Do you?
Rick, who?
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez has chap lifts.
Yeah.
They're the only crazy and.
Hey, Neil.
Sounds like you're already off to a great New Year's Eve, Harry.
And it's not till tomorrow.
I know.
I love you, Neil.
I know.
Yeah, I know.
You know, the Saint Bride is dead.
Sounds like you're going to have chap lifts pretty soon, too, Harry.
You know, the Saint Bride is dead.
The Saint Fighters dance broad.
You said that's what he acts like to you.
Which one is that?
His co-anchor.
Oh, you mean Penny?
Penny and the Sally.
I'll say so.
They both have Saint Fighters dance.
Hey, no, I think you might hang up on me.
I don't think.
Harry, you think what?
You might hang up.
You want me to hang up on you, don't you?
Yes, we do.
Yes, we do.
You want me to hang up on you, don't you?
No, no, no.
Have a happy New Year, Harry.
1015 is a year.
A W-I-O-D.
Well, he wanted me to hang up on him, and I want to make him happy.
Okay, that's what we're here for, is to make you people happy.
Damn it.
Boy, what up?
Is she ever coming in today so we can get that total from Kamila Sousa
and know what's going on and have a sheet so we know who Chuck Meyer has on today
and what our important programming is?
We don't have another stiff basketball game, do we?
Oh, man.
Those you have basketball games, I want to tell you.
And speaking of embarrassing, I don't want to get started,
because I can do a monologue the next three hours and 45 minutes about those best of tapes.
You talk about embarrassing.
I want to publicly disassociate myself.
I have nothing to do with that.
I have nothing to say about it.
They play the tapes.
It's up to them.
I mean, you know, you turn on the weekend on the radio on this station
over the weekend, man.
You might as well be in for a death wish.
Unbelievable.
Pathetic.
The best of my ass is what that was.
I mean, I can't get over that.
I'm talking about stuff that's going to happen tomorrow and tonight.
And we're talking about last weekend, okay?
Not this weekend.
And I'm promoting.
We're going to be at the festival flea market.
I'm talking about something at Pompedo Park that happened a week before.
And it's just it's pathetic.
It is so tragic and so demeaning.
And the thing I love the best about those best of tapes is when it comes to a break.
I don't know who's running the board when those are on.
But whatever it comes to a break.
What do they have like?
Q sheets that they know when it's and there's this long, long pot every time every time.
There's this long, death-defying pause and it just stops like in the middle of a thought
in the middle of a life.
And we go into some stupid spot and it just I can't get over it.
If you were driving in two-agged Florida and they had a four-watt radio station,
you wouldn't hear anything is embarrassing as the best of fill-in-the-blank tapes that we play on the weekend here.
I just I can't get over that we can't find somebody some drunk, some miscreant,
some goofball, some poor slob who needs like four bucks an hour or something out on the street
who couldn't come in at least to provide a little time to entertain it.
And let people call in and take shots at him or do something.
Anything.
George would do it for three bucks an hour which is twice as what he makes now.
God.
I just so I just wanted to say that because I'm sure that people listen to that and they shake their head.
And of course the time is all wrong and they're talking about it.
It's dated and it just doesn't make any sense at all and it's it's awful.
And I got news for it the show they played Saturday that show wasn't worth here in the first time
much less playing the second time.
Oh man I get in that car and I I just can't believe that it's on.
I want to just put my fist through the dashboard.
1018 at WIOD Miami Buenos Dias.
Why does Zias don't go near?
How you doing?
How's it going buddy?
Happy New Year to you.
Thank you thank you.
Hey listen how about the oilers?
Yeah how about them?
How about the jets?
Jets are dead meat.
Let me tell you something I would have had it that right down there over and over again
couldn't get the job done.
That's right that's right at least we have been as a Miami fan I feel great you know
somebody stood up for us.
Yeah.
Even though the stole our fight song but that's the fact.
Right.
So thank you so much that's great just I just had the copy for a spot I just did.
Thank you so much.
Go ahead.
Now and now the one.
Does Jimmy yesterday this place is so screwed up.
Why don't they just close it down during the holidays I said that in a million times
like from a couple of days before Christmas till January 2nd every radio station in
America should be shut down we should all be let go out to the track have a good time and just be left alone.
Well I think it's a conspiracy that fizzing has against you.
Yeah.
Anyway I'm running debt for the out of material here but I just have a good one and
well I fit.
Okay see you.
1019 at WIOD where it's going to be like Friday all over again we got three calls on the board.
It's everybody's out doing something it's a beautiful day they're all on their way to
high a league which is a bad break because it's not open today and the Pompey Park will be open
tonight I should mention that I should also mention the people's horse came in second Friday night
raised very well unfortunately a Kelly Shepherd got out of a deathbed to beat us out there
smart ass in 154 and four is sizzling race and we got second so we're doing okay
raised very well and then of course Joe Pavia won all the other races Friday night I mean
one what do you win six or seven some incredible number he was winning everything
ice-co and Joe we needed about another half length on ours though
here's a kid in Miami who probably wants a lot of requests which we are not going to play yes
Coral Springs hello yeah I've listened to that tape on the way to vlog first
but I couldn't believe it myself I know it horrible horrible this station ought to hang their
collective heads in shame okay with all the money the cocks enterprises have if they can't take
you know a couple of bucks and find somebody anybody alive I mean if we're if we have no shame and
we'll put Meg Green in the plant guy on and Grave line for quite a lot that we certainly can find
somebody do four hours on Saturday I'm in a car by mom she's oh she's going oh the money
plays the death next week I'm going to yeah right oh that's right and I was that was the thing
that was most embarrassing as I'm talking about how a leg race sucks yeah we're going to stick
it to the jets and here you oh man talk about embarrassment oh hey guys a lot the blockbuster
bowl I went there neutral not the what the blockbuster bowl what is that that little
bowl hey funny mail come on out thank you what a joke that is yeah I went to anyway it's not
really Karen who wins Alabama Colorado but once I got there and all of them Alabama yeah
oh my god I get so enough to make you root for Colorado and then you only move the game to
top it all off I started to understand that I just can't believe that but who cares it's college
sports again yeah but I was last year of Penn State in Florida state and they weren't even the
same crowd at all I mean Alabama Yahoo's Yahoo's cities I believe yeah I think given the benefit
like all those Texas football fans you know with the hookah mornz all those surreal Yahoo uh
nose pickers I mean unbelievable and you know I'm walking by with my uh gator hat and there is
y'all an F you rely on the floor then stuff I mean this total is run well they left the yes out
from waiting all right Neil have a great day sir happy new year all right see ya 10 22 we'll be
right back to Georgia stand over there what are you reading when you're reading a book on the wall
over there let's do a little business here make some money 1992 kicks off with a bag
new stock radio 610 W I O D presents the spectacular football double header new year's day at 130
FSU takes on Texas A&M in the cotton bowl live from Dallas Texas then it's back home to Miami and the
orange bowl as our canes try to wrap up a national championship by knocking off Nebraska count down
of the canes begins at five kickoff's at eight it's an explosive double header new year's day
exclusively on new stock radio 610 W I O D
to send a child to college today cost a lot less than it will tomorrow but now there's a way
to stop the rising costs of college and lock in today's prices it's the Florida prepaid college
program even if your child is in 10th grade prepaying tuition for a four-year university cost you
just a hundred sixty eight dollars a month and if your child is two years old the cost can be as
low as ten dollars a month for a two-year community college the younger your child the smaller the
payments the Florida prepaid college program is financially guaranteed by the state of Florida
so you can be sure the money will be there when your child is ready for college for complete details
go 1-800-552-GRAD or visit any first union branch and obviously the sooner the better
that's 1-800-552-GRAD now you can be ready for college when your kids are
Miami's driving force you're super eight four dealers have a third one now who discovered 31st
Miami's four dealers will eliminate thousands of Ford cars trucks and bands during the final
Ford countdown it's the biggest combination of savings ever in Miami hurry now through New Year's Eve
only see what's new for 92 then get savings save up a five thousand dollars fine and say
good two point eight percent thousands of boards every model every color every option it's the
final board countdown cash back get a thousand dollars back four and a half three years and 36 thousand
miles only Miami's four dealers will offer so many ways to save but you mustn't visit a Miami
Ford dealer a four-new year's Eve or the final Ford countdown hurry the Miami's driving force
you're super eight four dealers courtesy Ford Metro Ford deal board and guess Machado Ford have a
great line let me tell you something pal the New York Jets suck
oh the Clarence Thomas hearings and Willie Smith trial riveted Americans to their television
sale now cable TV takes courtroom drama you a whole new level who caught TV how long
judge she wants to walk in I don't even know what that is it's good court TV where Americans everywhere
I take their food vice father Mr. Smith exactly how much is all you can see the objection she's feeding
the witness I can't live the rest of my life behind salad bar
ah
that 25 at W I O D and I embarrassed boy Gary and he given us a sheet how do you like that look at that
he writes neo-rangers show nothing going on only broken promises about no food in the studio
is that super yet well I'm serious they already said they were coming but after this soup that's
it no more of this crap okay they're killing me in here except Thursday of course Villa deli's coming
a Rick and suds our obligation they'll be back tomorrow Chuck Meyer who did a tremendous job if I
say so myself last week a sensational job he'll be doing again today bill oh bill oh Riley of
inside addition will be here to give you a lot of sleeves Rick and suds back from vacation
tomorrow life from the orgible parade wow that should be lovely shouldn't it Joseph Yankee and
Sonny Hirsch live from the Sheraton Bal Harbor official hotel of the UM football team probably
charged in around somebody's credit cards tonight they'll be on sports talk live from
their at 605 and hangs off again tonight what is he luck out with all these UM basketball and all
these bogus bull games on he should have about a minus a six and when the book comes out the holiday
bowl begins at eight o'clock tonight what the hell is that is that serious he's had a joke the holiday
bowl here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale I bet you'll be listening to the holiday bowl right
no I don't think so I don't think I will either you know what I like listening to know what's that
Saturday two to six yeah right I do I'm serious oh this must be boy gary's wife calling no there's
nothing better listen to those tapes are awful no I love them don't take them you love it when I
sit there and I talk about stuff that's already happened a week before you don't care I'm like
that other woman thinking oh are they really playing the whoever you said they were playing
the that's true you don't care anyway yeah that's right that's a good point I don't care I don't
care if you're at the festival flea market I'm not going to go there anyway I like I
read it to this is great do what don't take it off I love those best of tapes man in fact let's
put one of them on right now just to make your day if you had made green and and the gardener
garden show I wouldn't listen to that if you had your rewind well who the hell would well that's a
good point boy gary can say there's nothing going on but even if I sit here just belching for four
hours there's more than it's going on all weekend here I'd rather listen to that right then
make green okay happy new year bye bye yeah finally got a lady on air who knows what side it's on okay
1028 at wiod we have an oh I think she had some excellent points open line and broward
524 wiod maybe we could combine Chris Rollins and Meg green we could have the geriatric gardening show
in plant your money in the ground okay see if it sprouts plant this baby yeah watch it grow okay
I don't think those people are called her show gonna watch anything grow soon my Emmy hello
the idea yes sir although if they look straight up they might watch the erudes of those
my sample to you oh good well I got mine right here yeah I'm holding it I'm telling you
oh man that go down good impressions the old pop belly there yeah how you doing
yeah I'm doing much better now listen I was watching about five minutes of that stupid Howard
Stern show on Saturday night and Channel nine oh boy his TV show is so bad these y'all lose
around here that keep talking about the Howard Stern TV show these people it should be embarrassed
and he was doing a snapple spot and he had some scatily clad babe on there with big lungs
and he was feeling her belly and her tush and kissing her ass and man I'd say that guy
somewhere and then millie vanille's thing they had on there that was weak that was pathetic and it
went on and on and on I don't want to keep him on radio okay forget about him this guy Howard Stern
I tell you know let's get those big overgrown women in there you know with those 60 size you know
what I'll tell you but listen I just tried to just got them butt kicked
yeah you know yeah I was so glad about that yeah yeah yeah yeah hey you know any of this
somebody that before the year closes I like to call a major major okay let's get to it sir
because I can hear this call running out of material rapidly and very rapidly yes like that guy
who's running out of material yeah okay don't be talking about anybody else go go ahead let's
get to it Rudy Monio's number one listen and Rudy your major major okay see yeah 10 30 at W
I.O.D. I haven't given any numbers out that could be part of our problem but today we have one
open line in day 751 one and Howard 524 W.I.O.D. and our toll free number for the rest of the entire
world because we're big spenders we like to brag about it 1 800 944 W.I.O.D. 944 946 and 3 here's
a lady in Miami oh Neil hi I had two unfortunate experiences this weekend too I first of all I
caught that Howard during show Saturday night week and that poor June long card I didn't see that
oh that that guy is a long here in the fat face that they always pick on yeah apparently and he
was just tearing into her and abusing her you mean stuttering John the real depressed fat
face guy was a long red hair anyway it was and and the naval thing where he put his
finger in her naval oh I mean what do they say are Evan guard or something if there's
nothing rebellious they're just they're just they have nothing to offer yeah so and then
the I don't want that to offer was I watched on Friday night news I've never watched the news
here because I've been a town for so long this Rick fan chef I never saw him before and I'm
hoping I'll ever see him again he was talking about he was doing a newscast like a sportscaster
would do it and he was talking about King Tut and at one point he just burst in the giggles and
he skipped a whole line of copy apparently nothing track I mean if you want to find out why King
Tut had killed all these you know on the he maybe he was sitting in the wrong chair and said
on Sally's instrument by mistake well I have a feeling he he's just in apt also and I just
can't believe he's on the news I mean what's his problem I mean how he fits in perfect over there
he's a big fat face clown and that's exactly what channel seven news is all about he fits in
perfectly over there is this a new programming idea they have right well it's not working the
hysteric it is working they got gigantic numbers it's the highest rated independent TV station in
America so just a Howard Stern audience is Miami is that what it is right exactly and you hit
it right on the head in fact at tonight he's wearing Howard's wig on the news oh how depressing
okay you answered my question thank you well I think you have a little identity crisis just look
around you and understand where you live and you'll figure it out well that's why I don't live here
okay where do you live Colorado oh you live in Colorado right boy I'm not being nice
game the other night oh well nothing's perfect right have a great life you too okay coming this
Christmas from bogus industries it's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez board game it's a real life
actual adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board start begins at
consumption stand a of Joe the stadium where each confessant has to drink himself to oblivion
and forget the highest blood out the hall level first goes on to level name a two runs out for
destory and hall as home section of the game this please board game police battle and the
player must come up with a different excuse to go home and get his license there is off to the
final leg of the board game higher and attorney go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest
sentence wins it's ours of bond for the horn family the I can drive like Rick Sanchez board game
what do we have confusion mask confusion around here today thanks to our e-nept sales department
they just have no clue what they're doing that's Steve Paris man he can sign up anybody anybody in
the world he'll pedal up a contract but when it comes to servicing when it comes to forget it I
mean you can get serviced a lot faster at can't these house than you ever will by him we have an
open line and Broward five two four in the star line at star iod that line's probably going to be
pretty quiet today very little traffic today they're already out there getting ready for tomorrow
night and Wednesday they're already working on it and some of them have been working on it since
before Christmas here's another lady in North Miami hi ma'am this is Mary Lou you know
me from calder they're all lady with them but what where's the hat oh it's a big Joey
big Joey's your favorite horse right uh-huh yeah I know Mary Lou yeah how you doing
fately on my just favorite jockie oh I can't lose for winning out there well that's great yeah
listen me I've got 50 passes yes yes hi Leah do you want them do I want them uh-huh well what do you
mean do I want them what am I going to do with them well I don't know that's what I want to find out
uh I thought maybe you know it well how am I going to get them well I can mail them to you think
you'll get them tomorrow uh if you mail them out today I might get them tomorrow if not then they'll
take by Thursday uh-huh Mary Lou well I think Steve Paris has probably got 50,000 passes to
hire Leah but if you want to mail them to me you go right ahead yeah well and I'll give them away
okay yeah that's what I thought you now need them out to all our friends out on the street
you could get them away oh yeah yeah uh what does that address over there W I O D yeah my Emma
yeah three three one four one three three one four one one excellent three three one four one
that's what I just okay now you try and get with somebody I'll try okay thank you bye bye yeah 10 35
now we have to do a break or do we just do a break we have to do one I don't know I'm getting
confused I'm so far ahead or so far behind I can't figure out which do your glasses like to pinch
you like this or slide down your nose like this pressure your head like this now lens crafters
introduces exciting new features to make your glasses dramatically more comfortable
and about an hour enjoy the comfort of lens crafters spring hinges that gently hug your temples
and are never too loose or too tight or the comfort of soft silicone pads gently and firmly grip
the bridge of your nose or comfort cable temples softly wrap around your ears to stop your glasses
from sliding only lens crafters brings you glasses that are just made for comfort lens crafters
glasses better fit for greater comfort in about an hour lens crafters with nine area locations to
serve you and over 400 locations nationwide open Sundays and evenings check your yellow pages for
the lens crafters nearest you discover inspiration to boatay you're gift with an 1750 land come
purchase that may see while supplies last its land come signature style cosmetic suitcase
smartly tailored in black and white and lost vinyl in style find six prize beauty picks from
land come Paris including the ultimate beauty brush up a combination brow brush i lash cone plus
carousels mascara with caretimes and re-suffered lasting cream lip color
at the name see we're a part of your life
hi my name is bill and my name is bill we're identical twins we look alike we walk alike at times we
even talk alike we even do the same things right now we like to play twin bills the Florida
lottery's new instant game and what we like best about twin bills is that you can win
of the five thousand dollars uh oh twin bills you could win twice on every ticket up to five
thousand dollars just match two prizes to win so what does this mean bill if that's your real name
yeah
you got a real pretty math thing
the station that delivers pre-set allow a deliverance weekend
all weekend long you can qualify by winning video cassettes of the movie delivery
what is it you're trying we require that you listen to the radio all weekend long
so you think the food the grand prize winner will be flown to doze in Georgia for a canoe trip
for two down the Kahuna wassey river and the food and accommodations in beautiful entry
be the way now that you get trapped in thanks we're still the rattle
excited but the most beautiful ever every time you hear Ned May he's going to let the
the
deliverance weekend
and that's a seven ten the holiday boy i don't get it this sheet isn't even right okay
this sheet don't make no sense at all at seven ten according to the paper we got the holiday bowl
b-y-u and iowa man i'm going to mark that out of my thing right now to make sure i don't miss that
21 to 11 at w-i-o-d a pig report in Miami yes i'll get together to pack up on the
78 for eight 74 they want happy new year from your friendly pigs on bikes
yeah tell them bang this whatever happened in that star p-i-g line
to what a star p-i-g line what is that line so we just call strict winds to
await all this time yeah we should have one you know we would have a lot of people a lot of money
yes sir you have a happy new year we'll work on it i'll call the sisters right after i get off
the stop call them okay and back at you wow they're in coherent i'm starting to feel
that way too maybe there's something in my snapple this morning 21 to 11 we have an open
line on the star line star i-o-d and 1-800-944 you know the rest here's a lady in Miami hello
what does that mean that's you oh hi sounds exactly like you
hey i sure do feel what are the many reasons that i love you can talk about two eggs two egg two eggs
what what are the main reasons that i don't know for the stalkers huh i said it's a great place
i have never been there and that's one of the main reasons that i divorced the husband
we were driving from town half safe and the lawyer and he's in there arguing case and we've
grown a Panama city yeah and i saw a sign that said two eggs you know and i said please please take
me to two egg i want to tell everybody that i've been to two eggs and he wouldn't take me
can you imagine being married to a lady like that yeah an asshole i mean would you divorce an
asshole like that i sure would if i was married to him well i'm not anymore well good for you
right thank you for talking about two eggs okay we'll probably do a remote from there someday
from the two egg diner will you take me with me we'll take you there have a great time thank you bye bye
1041 at wiod we have an open line and day boy the ladies are doing it today aren't they man it's
all we got it's all we got are some ladies who are really loaded today so to speak my amy
when is this when i say i come to tell state yeah maybe okay maybe okay i've been better yeah i've
been working two eggs in his planet those were was right which means something i know i know that
i know that right mm-hmm all depending on the shape yes and the location yes yes i've had a terrible
week you've had a terrible week terrible yeah terrible whoo i took my wife to see the nut cracker to see
what the nut cracker the nut cracker yeah you didn't see that in two egg did you oh hell no i've never
been in two eggs well you don't know what you're missing yeah and baby sitting my uh
uh sisters in law mm-hmm yeah the nut cracker yeah how was it i was all right my amy ballet
by the way uh channel seven gave him fifty thousand dollars give what the my amy ballet the nut cracker
no the my amy ballet my channel seven gave him how come they didn't give us anything for Kamilis house
they haven't no you gotta be kidding they haven't given us a dime there is not one person next
to our channel seven that's given us a dime this year i'm waiting for red ants in the cuff up
that thousand dollars like we embarrassed them into doing last year yeah they're given a bunch they're
given all their money to a bunch of silly people in ballet tights right what kind of crap is that oh
well that is unbelievable well people are starving you don't want to get back at you because you
people them all the time yeah screw them yeah well i just want to say send them back to the stall
tell her to stop wasting batteries i've built powers of life okay happy new year to you ten forty
for lees on your on the waveo etc we have an open line at day seven five one one
and broiled five two four w i o d rickensuds back tomorrow life from the orange bull parade
and then Wednesday we all got the day off again some of us the big superstars so they really
played their cards right boy they got almost the entire this holiday nightmare they got almost
the entire thing off this year nice work guys here's a lady and my me beach at a broiled line
who's not on the phone who's often back somewhere peddling it hello
hi yes ma'am speak to me what yes oh it's a little punk well you sound like a lady
how old are you um 14 14 and you still sound like this don't people make fun of that punky a little
lady voice what do my cousin chances of following the judge for the trial is over what
what do you understand any of that bizarre ten forty three at w i o d was that bill Kennedy Smith
there was little billy Kennedy Smith we have an open line and day seven five one two and broiled
five two four and eight hundred line these people are really doing it they're on that holiday
sauce a little early here's a lady in candle lakes hi male hi today is my birthday oh isn't that great
and i was wondering if you could play the little happy birthday song for me thank you that made my
day well if that's all it takes you're easy and that's the rumor too no that's not what my boyfriend
says okay actually i want to tell my boyfriend i love him very much isn't that sweet he's working hard
he's working hard for you today okay yes what does he do he works for a company called express
computers what does he do what if you do that he's the manager oh he's the manager yeah excuse me
so he makes a lot of money good good thinking yeah so maybe he'll take me out tonight right spend some big
bucks really everybody i was forget my birthday cuz it's very long yeah everybody's getting ready
for tomorrow and they forget today's one we'll have a real happy i'm sure he's got something in
mind he'll be happy to give you a little later on i hope so now okay i think you're terrific and
have a happy new year you two bye bye ten forty five that's it slap on those tapes we got two calls
left on the board i told you this this is just an exercise pointless useless absolutely a joke
every line and day wide open seven five one two open lines in brown and five two four tomorrow's
gonna even be worse because tomorrow is like new year's eve we get started real early
bokeh on the starline uncle Neil yeah who cares who cares who cares about anything
panel seven i mean the the chicks birthday who gives a rat's ass about any of it all yeah you know
it doesn't it doesn't matter i called you a little while ago from Knoxville a couple weeks ago
i think i'm going back well we hope so it's it's not a bad town you know yeah it's great my favorite
i mean Florida next to Nashville it's the best right next to naturally yeah yeah you know what we
don't care really no well that's good now you're it's looking up then i'll talk you later see
up okay that's the essence of what's going on is called kind of epitomize the whole thing
nobody gives a rat's ass about anything is the way it is so i'm playing the rack okay today
and tomorrow if we have to be here i'm playing lots of stuff i mean i can i've been doing this a
long time all right and i know when my presence isn't welcoming your home okay we're in your car
in your orifice wherever you are okay let's start from here why don't we start with rack two and
oh
i got the turkey for my holiday i turned into something and i started to scream i started getting
up and invaded i was feeling all right
yeah
cause when i need a turkey it's no matter if it's not going right
oh i mean love so fast i mean love so fast
when my life is forced i'm working for what i eat the rest
oh thanks given he eat like a trivian he can't be so come on and give in i want to say
for two some other pain and pass the tea to see your brother
we know i've been liking it you need a bird all night
cause when i'm needing turkey it's no matter if it's not going right
that's been a savey bibles
cause when i'm needing turkey it's no matter if it's not going right
so
pet 47 and w-i-o-d or dead head station for the 90s
hey listen if you're tired of getting nailed by the porkers out there if they're making your life
miserable here's the answer call the ticket defense team a law firm that will do it for you
and fight those tickets and believe me you better fight them because if you're one of those
suckers if you pay that ticket you're going to get a conviction points on your record your
insurance rate could increase and probably will and your license if you get enough of them can
be suspended or revoked and you can be so well as they say and that of course if you get sucked
into going to traffic school there a lot of people will think that that means no insurance rate
hikes well guess what bad guess all traffic school cases appear on your permanent motor vehicle
vehicle record they never disappear so instead of being a sucker pay the ticket defense team
just 99 bucks and they will defend you in all non-criminal moving violations including speeding
careless driving improper turning running red lights failing to yield and even improper passing
and they'll even appear for you if you don't want to go to court can't beat it here's their number
1-800-741-Team or indeed 3-717 they're they're badding average is even better than Taikab I'll
tell you that in 241 cases 69% have been dismissed or found not guilty 89% of the people have
avoided traffic school and 97.5% avoided any points on their license at all so instead of paying
through the nose and winding up SOL called the ticket defense team 1-800-741-Team from anywhere
or in date 3-7-7-8-3-2-6-3-7-7-Team just because they're a keen season is behind this doesn't mean
you can ignore the weather forecast heavy rings can slow down your morning commute
a cold snap could destroy your garden
and don't forget you'll need to know what the forecast will be as it is from up north once
you'd have taken to the beach for accurate weather forecast stay tuned to south Florida's
news traffic in the weather station news doctorate 610-WIOD
today osteoporosis is a major health concern and getting enough calcium is so important for
its prevention but it has to be the right calcium your body can absorb citric al is the right
calcium citric al is a patented form of calcium citrate in fact in clinical studies 500
milligrams of citric al was better absorbed than 2000 milligrams of calcium carbonate or oyster
that's right you can take less but get more calcium ask your doctor a pharmacist about citric al the
right calcium your body can depend on
oh what kind of mixing amount of operation is this anyway
oh
really maybe get his blood and his state he hit a local park cruise and pervades
then let a girl there and wanted to play his motives were unspoken
and
let the sky wide open
under the palm of each guy
now he's on trial and open
the journey won't let it fry
he's facing prison and he hears the key's jingles but he keeps wondering if the bay with this
single while uncle 10 stars you can't paint an eagle elections are wide open
oh
let the sky wide open
under the palm of each guy
now he's on trial and open
the journey won't let it fry
all the sleeves all the time we got billow wiley of inside edition would all fat chucky
myred this afternoon from two to six on a recon sud show can't wait for that here's a lady in
four lottery deal hi hi i'd like to wish somebody happy birthday today uh-huh
i'm sorry happy birthday to bob from kathy to bob how old's bob about 107
i think you're thirty today you think well who is he well he's a co-worker oh i see just another
schmuck well he's the boss of son oh like i said happy birthday bob okay thanks a lot and he
have a great new year bye bye 10 53 at w-i-o-d my any
the last day the hardest one is uh
the one you
they play a little grab-ass over there what you can tell who's pivot man
hello hello i'm hanging with this call until we get a response
hello get your finger out of the drain and let's get with it hello
okay put them back on hold good call maybe we'll come back in the middle of an emotional
experience 10 54 at w-i-o-d stop eating and he stop eating all this food in this building
stop making a pig out of yourself cut the crap make a new year's resolution that you're not
gonna be such a little slob this coming year okay stop feeding your ugly little face
getting zits from all that crap all out sweets that you're reading in there two open lines are
both in broard 524 w-i-o-d deer field on the starline hello okay they're a little slow here's a
pumpkin coral springs hello hello yeah i knew yeah my mom and dad listen to you all the time on your show
well that's great and i heard that fish your pocket song one yeah and do you think you could play that
no let's do uh Miami hello hey do you want it i go back to doing this i got sucked in because they all
got lit up again and they're all a bunch of morons hello hey i'm not a moron just like friday it's the
same crap all over again stop it are you there yeah i'm here and i'm here yeah i wanted to wish you a
nose bat new year yeah and this is the frog cater from hollywood yeah i got the new material for it
like to share it with you uh-huh so it's down at the beach and uh had a conversation with one of
these guys from uh canada and basically if i compare phrase that you don't the american why you are
a bit on it i'm it i'm it and he kept on going for a while and then i shoved some escargonus
nose and he kept quiet that'll do it i just want to know if you saw the king man go straight yet
maybe the french canadian save escargo in their pants if you ever stop and think about that
and they have a that's about the size of it you know it also they have what the sea and ski sticking
out of the bikini breed yeah yeah that's the best thing so one of the know if you saw the king man
go straight or hurt any know i did not what the hell is that it's the anti-orange bolperate that
goes on in the grove every now i'm not paying attention all that silly all those silly queens running
around in the grove you didn't hear about the marching canadies it was no definitely worth catching
no didn't hear about it not it's just soft and more it was the hypothalamus associations
time to go back to college and be a freshman and uh you know do all i get to go jam yourself
into a phone booth and eat the goldfish do all this other stuff all right i'm before i go
for the people minded i just wanted to say something about rick san overgrown children yes
danches broad he's got to quit taking himself so seriously and rick while he's a journalist for
crying out loud man he's a serious urinalist he's a comedian he's a clown rick the fat
this is for you you are a drunk douche bag 10 56 and w i o d and uh the starting next hour
playing the rack for the next three hours the best of all the greatest material i'm not getting
sucked into this w i o d yeah i'd like to see what nail about what oh i'm just gonna ask him about
the new year about the new year yeah what about what about the new year now what are you going to
be on new year's day or what are you gonna do no sir i will not be on on new years day i'll be at
high alia plunging my brains out on you what time is uh highly on 12 30 in the p m 12 30 right
uh how much money should i bring uh two three thousand be plenty all right i want to call
a race who who Alex and i want to hear the bridge tender yeah and it's got two anything else you want
uh no that's it okay see you fat chance 10 57 at w i o d west pond beach
okay my ammy hello hello how you doing happy new year happy new year to you yeah
all right this is so exciting thank you that was the best call of the day that one from my mom
that was good did you do me a favor what's that i know you hate it but would you play young Neil no
uh delray beach on the starline hello hey nil happy new year i think to you no request over here i
i wanted to get sports intensive for a minute forget it uh come on i know i i talked to you before i'm a big
big met i heard all those idiots calling chuck friday afternoon oh who's gonna win the super boy i mean come on
already tell these people with this radio station they're killing it with the sports
enough sports already well let's talk baseball about those leaves huh blue that game on saturday
yeah well what about the mess though that's what i wanted to talk about what about the mess they
got a nice high price team now too many writing pictures but uh i don't know i think this could
be the year for the match i think i can't complain about the cubs pitching staff this season because
we are gonna have one exactly well what do you think about elf did i heard he lost uh lost a bunch of
weight and he uh he dropped his wallet lost a bunch of weight my ass come on it got four strong
right i think it's cifrananda's made that ass cast that we have here on the floor in the studio
somewhere that big gigantic cast it in our rickensunds that was said the kid trust me yeah
hey bobby baneer those six million uh yeah good luck to you guys you're gonna have to buy a lot of
tickets to pay all those big big big salaries yeah the double double they good luck to you think
they got the money they're doing it yeah well right we look forward to a good season against cubs
yeah against the cubs we can battle it out again for four fifth and six have a great life sir happy
new year and don't do it again deluding himself and do okay well after the news we're coming back
and paying the rack for me to see because it's obvious it started on friday we managed to
fake our way through most of the holidays season not too bad and then on friday it was like the kind
of ran out went and doubt just run out and i'm not gonna sit here and try to squeeze it that hard
because you know he can only squeeze it so hard and then there's nothing left it's all squeezed
dry and reason they're squeezing that grandma boom bottle and there's not a drop left in there
so anyway we'll see what happens we got rickensunds off today chuck myr with will o'riley old billy
from inside addition from two to six we got sports stock with sunny and joe ly from the share
it in bal harbour and we have the holiday ball it says it begins to date in the paper it says it
begins at seven ten so be sure and tune in and twist around your radio and fight out exactly when
it starts b-y-u and iowa happy new diggin from south florida's news traffic and weather station news dog
radio stand w-i-o-d my any fort waterdale in the palm beaches
good morning i'm henry barrel in the six ten w-i-o-d news center the temperature at eleven o'clock
sixty six degrees from the six ten w-i-o-d weather center here's meteorologist bob soper
comfortable temperatures lot of sunshine complete forecast in a few minutes
butation is honoring the last two americans to be returned to the u.s. by their livenees captors
today the bodies of marine kernel w-i-o-d-m higgins and c-i-a-age and w-i-o-d-m buckley were flown to
andrew's air force base in merlin a ceremony with full military honors took place and defense
secretary dick cheney joined vice president quail in honoring them in they call for an in to haasty
shaking and they express gratitude for the way higgins and buckley served their country they both
died in captivity president bush left today on a twelve day trip to the far east and corresponded
peter mayor reports the outcome could be a big gamble for bush president bush will likely
put his own international and domestic political prestige on the line as he challenges the countries
he visits especially japan to open their markets to more american products if he comes home empty
handed he could face political fallout in the coming election year stalinism was to blame not
socialism that's mcayle gorbitshoff's assessment of the collapse of the soviet union he told a
german newspaper that it was the stalinist version of socialism which scuttled the government he
wants headed in the city of mensky leaders of the new commonwealth of independent states met to
work on the political economic and military problems they face russia and the ukraine are already
squabbling it was the six major bombing in lebanon this year a car bomb exploded in a crowded
muslim neighborhood this morning in bay road fifteen people were killed another 120 wounded
the florida highway patrol plans to concentrate on getting drunk drivers off the road this new year's
holiday wio d's crisp cod reports the patrol expects twenty two people to lose their lives on state
highways between six tonight and midnight new year's day but they are hopeful that prediction is
on the high side therefore cast for twenty seven fatalities during the christmas holiday was more
than double the reality and major michael boles says what was especially encouraging only four
of the twelve deaths were known to be alcohol related that's considerably less than normally we see
at this time of course drinking is almost the number one activity associated with ushering in the
new year so while the patrol is hopeful their prediction is pessimistic their focus the next two
days will be on getting impaired drivers off the road and into a drunk tank for scott's howla hasi
this hour's check of wall streets down jones average shows the market up eight point seventy two
traffic and weather next the greatest golfers in the world are once again coming to my emmy to play
in the deraul rider open benefiting the american cancer society here's your chance to get a special
holiday rate a weekly passes to this pga event get a free round of golf at deraul country club and
help win the fight against cancer buy one weekly pass for thirty dollars before december 31st
and get the second weekly pass free plus for every pass you buy you'll get free greens fees at deraul
country club anytime between may and september thirty dollars for two passes to watch the catalax
skins game featuring jack nickless and four championship rounds of golf this offer is good for
weekly passes only no daily passes are available greens fee surcharge is apply for deraul's blue course
to order your two for one pass call four seven seven golf before december 31st the deraul rider open
February 29th through march eight great golf for a great cause call four seven seven golf today
now sky watch six ten driving with molly doogan thank you henry this traffic report is brought
to you by the national goal of the situation picking up the day carry of a new injury accident
reported northbound ninety five north of my ammy gardens drive we have motorcycle is down there
much for another accident on the ramp from northbound ninety five to i's deri road and another
i've zero reporting accident at this game boulevard broward county also reporting an accident in
deer field beach hillsboro boulevard at military trail in the south front of the colony palm
avenue at johnson street attention golfers play the nation's finest golf courses and save on green
fees lessons carts hotels and more join the national golfers association today call eight hundred
seven five five golf by one membership get one free three playing coverage of molly doogan sky watch
six ten w i o d here's meteorologist bob soper before plenty of sunshine out there today it's
going to be pretty comfortable for temperatures high seventy three to seventy six degrees then
tonight fair and cool with overnight lows fifty eight inland sixty three on the beaches tomorrow and
new year's day plenty of sunshine mixed with a few extra clouds high temperatures in the upper
seventies marine forecast wins northwestern north it's end of fifteen knots is two to four feet
bay waters a moderate shop from the weather center i'm meteorologist bob soper new stock radio six
ten w i o d next news update at twelve o'clock bulletins at once i'm henry barrel for south port
as news traffic and weather station news stock radio six ten w i o d
uh...
news talk radio six ten w i o d presents the meal rujo show
to get in touch and talk with meal dial seven five one w i o d from day
in brow it's five two four w i o d outside the three oh five area code
toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and bell south mobility customers make a free call
by dialing star i o d the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily
those of this nation now here's meal rujos on news talk radio six ten w i o d
h
Oh
Did you like food to life? Yes, I like food to life
Food to life, food to life
You got like food to life
Really like food to life
You got like food to life
Food to life, food to life
You got like food to life
Down in the locker room, you have to be boy
Clean down the locker room without relaxing
Food to life, food to life
If I have my life long
If I have a background, if I have a long background,
If I have long, if I have a long background,
If I have a long, shall I tag along?
Be patient, keep moving around,
If I have a long, shall I go to the spot?
If I have a long, shall I be around?
They're all around, they're big and round,
They're all around.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
It's 10 after 11 at WIOD on the day before the day before.
And we're excited about it.
We're playing the rack.
Our Camelos house total is $88,787.58
And it's really about 95,000 because that's 6,700
that they're about from Poppano Park.
See what we ought to do is have one of our pizons from Poppano
call in with the exact number and then we can put it in the total.
And then we can trust it by Friday when they present with a check that
Alan hasn't spent all the money yet.
Okay.
So that would be nice if somebody from Poppano Park
would call in on a bad line and give us that number.
Perhaps sometime next 5 seconds.
88,787.58 you can add your own contribution and help the Camelos house.
And homeless during this incredible time of year by calling up a 375-0763.
375-0763 that's the number to charge your visa and master card, the best in the old tape CD, etc., etc.
And all those spiffy t-shirts.
And we never did. I told you once you took that we're never e-t-shirt off the wall.
We never get another one back.
George that we'll never see one again.
Should we take one call?
No.
Miami.
Hi Neil. Yes sir.
I have a no request or anything like this.
I have a trailer that sleeps 8 people.
Markets of 12 and 3 quarters points.
Yes.
And I was wondering if you'd be interested in, I want to donate that to the Camelos house.
What do you mean you want to donate it?
I have no interest in the trailer.
And I just want to get rid of it.
I have to call them up at that number I just gave and see if they wanted.
Oh, okay. I wouldn't vote for the biggest station.
What would be the number again?
375-375-0763.
And if they don't want it, you can bring it over here and all the board ops can sleep in it together.
Anyone I should speak to there?
I just whoever answers the phone probably.
Already. Okay, thank you.
How about that, huh?
12 minutes after 11 at WIOD,
Open Line indeed, we probably won't talk to you about 7519-463.
This Saturday history will be made at Haley O'Park in the 1992 Flamingo Stakes.
See Superhorse pistols and roses.
Winter of the Bahamas and Everglades go after the Flamingo Stakes.
See him become Haley's first Derby bonus winner maybe and early favored for the Kentucky Derby.
See the $300,000 Flamingo Stakes on Flamingo Day.
This Saturday at the New Haley O'Park and Race course.
It's history and the making as pistols and roses bits to become racing's new champion.
Flamingo Day this Saturday is celebration of sport and entertainment here Miami's own
Willie Tureno.
Who'd that? The consummate Pop Latin entertainer in concert and at 130 and see the crowning of another champion in the Flamingo Stakes.
All at the New Haley O'Park and Race course.
This Saturday it's Flamingo Day.
The Orange Bowl Festival is on and 610 WIOD,
the official station of the Orange Bowl has complete information about watch happening.
Today's events include O.B. Prayer Breakfast, Radisson at 7.30 a.m.
Fashion show and lunch in Radisson 11.00 a.m.
and the coaches and Hall of Honor lunch in Omni also at 11.
Tomorrow the King Orange Jamboree parade.
Stay tuned to 610 WIOD for complete Orange Bowl Festival information and play by play of the big game on New Year's Day.
We're South Florida's news traffic and weather station.
News talk radio, 610 WIOD.
To send a child to college today cost a lot less than it will tomorrow.
But now there's a way to stop the rising costs of college and lock in today's prices.
It's the Florida Pre-Paid College program.
Even if your child is in 10th grade, pre-paying tuition for a four-year university cost you just $168 a month.
And if your child is two years old, the cost can be as low as $10 a month for a two-year community college.
The younger your child, the smaller the payments.
The Florida Pre-Paid College program is financially guaranteed by the state of Florida.
So you can be sure the money will be there when your child is ready for college.
For complete details, go 1-800-552-GRAD or visit any first union branch and obviously the sooner, the better.
There's 1-800-552-GRAD.
Now you can be ready for college when your kids are.
So you know that tape?
That spot we just played for the Ornibull thing.
All that stuff is over with already.
Okay.
Like the prayer breakfast this morning at 7.30, you missed it.
And what was the other stuff that were two things at 11 o'clock?
It's 11.15. You missed it.
It's kind of like the best of tapes that we play.
Okay. We keep rehashing the past, but we keep telling pretending like it's now or in the future.
Man, wait till you see that Dolphin Jets game this Sunday.
The band is going to be a big one.
Ha ha, great. Get your tickets right now. Don't get shut out.
Get your ass down to JRS right now.
And boy, I'll tell you that Braves Twin series. That's going to be a Barnburner.
Call up Atlanta Fulton County Stadium right now.
You don't want to miss the World Series this year.
It's going to be good.
God.
And I can't wait for that hurricane season opener against that girl school.
I can't remember which one it is.
Daniel.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
What are you people all doing?
You're all doing something out there.
Right now, I'm planning my house up because my wife's coming back from being going to the wings.
Oh, boy, it must be a mess.
It is.
Probably his girlfriend.
Girlfriends probably didn't keep it as clean as his wife does.
Well, they did a little bit better, but it's got to look nice.
Probably got a couple of sloppy girlfriends.
Very speedy.
Got a quick question for you.
You mentioned Snapple earlier.
Yes.
Where do you buy it?
I can't find it in person.
Where do you buy it?
Of course, you can't find it at those places because they don't have it.
You get it in Albertsons.
You can get it at Freddy's.
You get it in Doris Market.
You get it at all your convenience stores over at your shul station.
You get it everywhere except those two places.
Okay, well, I just didn't know.
That's why I was wondering.
Right.
Just go out of the neighborhood.
You float them a store and you probably find a whole bunch of Snapple in their thing cooler.
Okay, and they do drink things.
The last commercial you just ran about the sign-up now for college education.
Yeah.
Did you see the paper where that's not going to guarantee you any college education?
They'll guarantee you a paid-up college education.
But the problem's going to be.
There's no room for people to get in unless the grades are going to be paid.
Well, it seems to me you're getting a little picky now.
Pardon?
I said you're getting a little picky now.
Well, I just think it's a stack because you pay for 18 years for your kid to go to college.
And if the grades are on outstanding.
Hey, send them out of the neighborhood hamburger flop joint and tell them to get a life, okay?
I got it.
Have a good time with them, honey.
Thank you.
Say hi to your wife.
Bye.
1117 at WIOD.
Don't go waste and all that money to send your kids off so they can drink a lot of beer and get laid every day.
Okay, just to waste the money, they're just going to burn that money up.
You could go out and be having a good time with it.
Okay, so tell them you're on your own, have a good life and good luck to you.
Bye-bye.
Right.
Out the door and that's it.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how do you do?
Everybody's on like a five-year delay today.
This is the worst crowd.
What is it?
Hey, what do you think about the heat deal with the cat with Sherman Douglas?
I don't think anything about it.
Okay, call up sports talk.
All you punk kids, go back to school already.
Life is more than just a 24-hour goddamn sports talk.
Okay, man, they ought to take Moynihan and Kaplan and Zagaki and Manich,
all of them put them on a boat somewhere and sink them out in the middle of the Atlantic somewhere.
Enough of this crap.
The same tired garbage, over it, over it, over it.
What about Sherman Douglas and the heat?
What about the canes?
What, who's number one?
Who cares?
Like that guy who called me for who was right out target from Knoxville, Noless,
even he was perspacacious enough to understand that nobody gives a crap about any of that.
Okay?
Nobody.
Even Sherman Douglas don't give a crap.
Even General Douglas don't give a crap, MacArthur.
Even General Sherman don't give a crap.
But enjoy Atlanta while you can.
It's 11-18 at WIOD.
Man, that's going to be a good series.
The twins and the braves.
Four Lauderdale.
Yeah, I think the twins are going to win in seven.
I don't think so.
I think you're in for a real surprise this time.
Hey, I'll call you.
Lonnie Smith is going to keep running this time.
Hey, I'm up here by Gateway and the subway that has your Camilla's house.
Do you have a can there?
Yeah.
Somebody, you're like a bubble coming out of your mouth.
Like it.
Like it's if you're talking and it says, I love WFTL.
Oh, that's cute.
Yeah.
That's a mentality.
What do you think about that?
Like I said, that's their mentality.
Probably one of their 90-year-old listeners.
Yeah.
And I think it's often this weekend, I'm going to beat the test.
20 to 17 on a touchdown pass to Ferrell Edmunds in the final 42 second.
Right.
Right.
And then they're going to lose to the Houston, though 17 to 10.
Who's the dolphins?
Yeah.
No, I think they're going to win it 34-17.
Okay.
I think Stoyandovitch is going to kick 16 field goals.
Going to win 48 to nothing.
I thought who cares about the sports?
Nobody.
Have a great day.
Like I said.
Happy New Year.
Boy, they are just barren, man.
It's a good thing the calendar is going to change.
Maybe when we flip over to 1992 something a miracle will happen.
They'll be touched from above.
Two open lines in Broward, 524 and the Starline at Star IOD.
Miami Springs.
O'Coneo.
Yeah.
You know you're the best radio toucher host in the whole world.
What do you want?
Rich Tyler.
How much is it worth to you?
Twenty after eleven at WIOD.
Come on down here and say that pal.
We have an open line of days, 751, one in Broward, 524.
We're just going to keep plugging away here.
WIOD, George is busy.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, can I hear a...
No.
The carers are Jewish.
All the what?
All the dick carers.
Oh, we haven't played that in a long time.
Yeah, I got my...
I got my tape.
Oh, I don't want to hear about you guys.
The audience doesn't care about you've got your tape, okay?
They don't care about that.
Oh, where am I going to find that?
I don't know.
You got your tape running?
Now, my tape here is running in a horrible area.
Because Jewish, would you believe it?
Oh!
Star I was saying it's be out after a two.
Then you'll take a Jewish and you can see it.
Oh!
Even idiom means the Jew.
For as you open the edition, you believe it?
King who's ain't a son and grow a chapter.
Oh!
As a matter of fact, all the dick carers are Jewish.
Since I fell in love with you, Sharon, nick the baron.
I fell in love with you.
When some slow meal tries to put me down
And says he has a lot of conjugation.
I tell him right away, now listen here.
I start digging your heart of my soul.
Discover what is the nation.
All the face, give us dollars for so being true.
I'll go.
Star I was saying you're mule.
Star I was saying you're mule.
Be true to your show.
Star I was saying you're mule.
Star I was saying you're mule.
Star I was saying you're mule.
I'm not a new pop, ya'll, more key embroidering gold.
And sure as gold.
I wear it everywhere when I go round the other A'sy A's.
They don't know what to say.
Don't be true to your show.
Star I was saying you're mule.
Be true to your show.
So what about my neighbor?
And I'll find my way through your shop.
Our fries all be jacked up on the South in service.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing out my girlfriends at the altar.
And I'll choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be true to your show.
Our fries all be jacked up on the South in service.
Be true to your show.
Our fries all be jacked up on the South in service.
Be true to your show.
Our fries all be jacked up on the South in service.
Be true to your show.
Love and 20th floor at WIB.
I was just thinking about something.
Remember the big bottle at my show station over there at Navhill and Cleary?
And they gave me a check for over $400 for that one thing in one gas station.
Remember that?
And they're refilling it up again.
It's probably almost full again.
They don't give us another $400 or $500.
So in one place they're going to raise $1,000.
Now this subway thing, you people are not feeling the change.
You're too busy drawing little pictures on my face over there.
Okay?
Probably Norm can't do the thing on my face because that's over by his baseball card store.
But $386 in 22 canisters.
There's like 127 locations.
All the subway stores, all of us out Florida, have been kind enough out of the goodness of their hearts
to put those canisters in to collect money for Camille's House help us out.
But 22 canisters in the $386 doesn't exactly come out like a world-beating number.
Does it?
No.
So you better start digging deep and the feel and the change, okay, and drop it in the thing.
That is pretty weak.
11.25, here's Bonita Springs.
A deal.
Probably from the dog track.
Yes.
A deal. How you doing?
Is there anything in Bonita Springs except the dog track?
Uh, no.
That's about it.
No, it's not the dog.
I had a question.
What do you think is going to happen tomorrow night when Axel Rose comes down?
Do you think they'll come in drunk and yell at the crowd or what?
I don't really care about Axel Rose, okay?
I hope that his tattoos all fall on the ground.
I hope they all turn out to be pastons.
Yeah, I think the guy stinks, man.
I don't know if you can...
You think Axel Rose stinks?
Yeah.
He's alright.
He's alright.
I just don't want to see him.
He's not the greatest.
No.
He's fair.
I'm going to see how he mandal tomorrow night at the Sunrise Music.
Yeah, you're going to get a few yucks out of that anyway.
Oh, yeah.
He's not that good either.
I think he's alright.
Yeah, I think he's a Robin Williams, too.
Robin Williams is great.
Yeah, he's great.
I just saw that movie hook and he was in that.
Oh.
You don't want to hear that.
No, I don't care if you enjoyed it.
Whatever makes you happy.
He always is alright.
He always was in the greatest, you know?
Fair, mediocre.
I like this show.
Yeah.
Another question.
Could you play...
You know that Rick Fancy's thing you just played?
Yeah.
That board game...
I think that was funny.
Good.
Can you play that again?
Well, not right now.
Where can you play it?
Do you want me to play it right again now?
Yeah, I just got you playing it.
One more thing in that Sammy Smith, that the beeper thing,
where he's dropping everything, I think that's funny.
I want to hear that again.
You want a lot, don't you?
That's about it.
For a guy that went to see a hook, you sure want a lot.
Hey, come on.
You don't mean the Sammy Smith, the Tumblr, is that what you're talking about?
Both of them.
Both of them.
Both of them.
Both of what?
The one where the Don Chula beeper, like where he's eating.
All the Sammy's, the Shula Alert page.
Yeah.
And then that other one too, where he drops the thingy's like the Tumblr.
Yeah, Tumblr on this.
Yeah.
Have a great life, sir, and happy new year.
Can you play it Rick's fanchant thing?
No.
You're a good player.
Okay.
That's three cards you just asked for.
I put two of them in the machine and you're talking yourself out of all three of them now.
Oh, all right.
I didn't know if you were going to play it or not.
I want to hear that Rick's fanchant thing.
Yeah, I thought that was really funny.
I've never heard that one.
27 after 11 and W.I.D.
I'm putting away the, I really am.
He pisses me off.
I mean, that's, that's a little bit too pushy.
Okay.
I took the two of Sammy ones while I was fumbling around killing some time.
I stuck them in the machine.
And now he just wants to hear the other one, which I just got through playing.
Sir, you are a real Yakov.
Smurn off.
Well, more male.
Well, thank goodness for that.
Thank you so much, Halsey.
27 after 11 at W.I.O.D.
And of course, if you want by male to get your best of Niel CD, cassette,
just pop 20 bucks plus a buck for postage in the mail.
Make the check out two Camilo's House CA, M-I-L-L-U-S, and male at two W.I.O.D.
My M-E-33141, and do it soon.
So we didn't get any call from Poppano Park.
They must be over there figuring out just exactly what the total is.
I hope or else they're not listening or paying any attention.
Or they're just forgotten about us.
Come on, let's go, Alan.
Let's get on the stick.
Let's get with it.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yes, how you doing?
OK.
I have no request.
Good.
Thank God for you.
No matter how bad this call is, and it probably is going to be pretty weak, thank goodness for you.
Actually, what I have is a critique of your show.
Oh, yeah?
I really think you're dying, man.
I think you need an infusion of intelligence or something.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you well, why don't you turn on WRHC and listen to David Duke or something exciting?
Well, you know, how long have you listened to this show?
To be honest with you, I hardly ever listened to this show.
So then you're calling up a critiquing.
You don't even listen to the show.
Oh, I mean, the people who listen to this show enjoy its your find a life.
Get a life somewhere, OK?
Go find something useful to do with your life.
You miserable little Creaton and have a happy holiday.
But like I said, that call was sure great because he didn't ask for anything.
So all he's asking for is for me to change.
We're going to change the whole show to please him and infusion of intelligence.
Well, I got news for you, sir.
There is no intelligence out there, OK?
So stop searching for the missing link, you idiot.
What an asshole.
Oh, now it's back to football.
He was the number two draft choice.
Looks like he's feeling a little cocky.
Yeah, the number one has been hit and firstly,
with a little flush, but now he's turned in blue.
We'll be back to the tidy bowl after this.
Don't forget to biggie the holiday bowl tonight,
either at 7, 10 or 8 o'clock, depending on who's right.
The newspaper or boy, Gary.
It says the holiday bowl begins at 8.
So Hank has another night off today.
That means he ought to have a big day at high a lead tomorrow,
but she'll be out there tomorrow, plunging his lungs out in New Year's Day.
Miami.
New.
Yeah.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
OK, pal.
I just wanted to wish you Merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
And the same to you and happy as you wish.
Still punish us because you got a few jerks by playing the raccoals.
They only got two.
I'm taking calls.
I'm braving it out.
Yeah, you're doing a good job.
Keep it up.
OK.
I've been off for like 20 minutes.
So you got a call coming in.
We got a bunch of them coming in.
Thank you.
Each one is better than the previous one.
Thank you.
You broke the string.
See you.
1132 at W.
Well, he wasn't the moron.
OK, it was basically a pretty decent guy.
Try to be a good guy.
They're just in a surly nasty mood around the holiday time.
What happened to the Christmas spirit?
Remember those few days before Christmas?
And it was all like, you know, all that crap about peace on earth and goodwill toward men?
And peace of this and peace of that and peace on you?
Market is up 18 points.
Man, I'm telling you.
Since those interest rates fell down, the market is just zoom in.
Right before the big depression.
What does that mean to Godmother?
Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes.
Maria.
Oh, hi, Maria.
Did you get the calendar?
I got your calendar, Maria.
It was very exciting.
Not.
I thought you'd need a high, every day.
Oh, yeah.
It's the best, Maria.
OK, darling.
You just stay well and have a wonderful new year.
And you too, Maria.
Thank you, dear.
OK.
Love you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah.
1133 at WIOD.
We need an infusion of intelligence for that guy.
That was the great call in history.
The best of all.
He's better than the bridge tender.
We need an infusion of intelligence.
That's what we need here at WIOD and infusion of intelligence.
But don't hold your breath.
Cheryl's been here for about 100 years and she says he hasn't seen any yet.
We have an open line at Broward 524 and one on the star line.
I totally the star line be a little bummed out today because nobody's out there.
There's no traffic.
Do you notice how Joe Brennan was all depressed this morning on Ren Rixot?
No accidents in Palm Beach.
He sounded like he was very depressed about it.
No bad gut wrenching blood pumping things to report Joe or to make up even.
Here's a pay phone in Hollywood.
Hello there, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if I want to call someone a douchebag.
Well, good. Go to their door, knock on the door and tell me what's on your mind.
Markets up 20 points now.
That's not the, you can't just call this show and call people a douchebag.
We've been set that a long time ago.
OK.
If you have absolutely nothing to say, call them up on the phone, person to person.
Nobody in this audience gives it to him about here.
And you call Joey or Tommy or Sally or Susie a douchebag.
We don't care.
We might agree.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah, I don't feel.
Sure.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm over here in Heipeluxo about one eight from two eights and I'm stopped in traffic on 95.
For what?
For what?
What?
You're what?
I'm on 95 stopped in traffic on no traffic day.
Where is this?
In Heipeluxo.
For what?
For what?
I don't know.
Light.
Lashing light.
Back to then.
Oh, you got a jam up, folks.
Well, that's good.
I'm glad they got something to do today.
Send a couple of the planes up.
All three of them.
OK.
We needed infusion of intelligence on this radio station, folks.
Let's get the plant guy in here again.
Let's get my soup is what we ought to do again.
OK.
That's what we want is my soup.
There's food downstairs from Siam's doll and Lake Worth, by the way, we want to mention that and thank Boone and the family so profusely and so much.
W-I-O-D.
Georgia's starting to patch up your round with food again.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Take report.
Yeah.
Thank you, Halesian.
Oh, that's lovely.
That coconut milk soup with a real spoon.
Yes.
Hello.
Speak to me, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
That guy is fucking trapped up there.
Yeah.
That cops are searching for someone up there this morning.
He ran over and jumped off fence.
They've been searching all morning.
And so they're stopping everybody?
At all.
Everybody got a look at the helicopter and all the take.
Well, he has a lot of clips by.
Yeah.
A lot more things.
Fab found 95 throwing remote turned over dump truck.
Anybody had a dayways in trouble?
Thanks for the good news.
I thought.
I see a boy.
He had an irritating phone and voice.
So how's this coconut milk soup?
Boy, that is incredible.
With those big washrooms in it.
Those button mushrooms, I get excited when I see those.
I can relate to them.
24-till noon at WIOD.
Miami.
Happy holidays.
From your happiness station, WIOD.
So are you going to give us an infusion of intelligence with us, Carl?
Absolutely.
Okay.
I'm not going to take it anymore.
All right.
Listen, just one comment.
They had Jeff Willitz at the Broward Sheriff's office performing his sympathy speech.
You get a catch-up?
To get one?
He was giving a speech there.
He went to give his badge in and everything.
No, nobody cares about them anymore.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
That's like Neil Bush going over the savings alone and giving his sympathy speech.
Everybody's with this forgiveness deal.
You screw up about your in high water.
Fade a price.
Fade a piper.
See you.
But anyway.
See you.
23-till noon at WIOD.
This is delicious.
Isn't that great coconut milk soup and everybody else is busy picking out now?
Doesn't bother me.
I'm going to keep to my word.
You could some of you who are daring and the probably stupid can make a lot of money
by betting some of your friends and enemies and associates as to whether I'm going to stick
to this now.
New Year's resolution two days before the New Year.
No more food in this studio till April Fool's Day, till the first of April.
I said that about two months ago.
In the first day we broke down.
Okay.
I broke down.
Week.
Can't do it.
No more this eating on the ear.
Okay.
It's bad radio and it certainly adds no infusion to anything except indigestion to the show.
Miami.
Hello.
Happy New Year, Neil.
And the same to you.
Hey, how's your buddy Canada doing these days?
How's he doing?
Yeah, we talked to him lately.
No, I have not.
Have you?
No.
Okay.
We'll go over and see him.
I think he's got something for you.
Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Happy holidays.
And same to you, sir.
This is Jay from the Jay and Scotchow.
Yeah, Jay.
Former.
How come you always have to introduce yourself, Jay?
You're not on the radio anymore.
Because you guys have an opening on weekends.
I heard.
So we wanted to go for that.
Did that new melting pot open up?
I have no idea.
I went by there.
It doesn't really look like it's open.
Well, I have no idea.
And of course if Steve Perris spent as much time doing some work as he does running around
wasting my time, you know, then we'd find out.
Yeah.
I don't know.
But they got two more months left for baseball.
All this football crap out of the way.
Yeah.
It's so so pond risk with all these 700 bowl games.
Why do they even bother everybody?
You can have like a total.
I think even Michigan State is going to play in a bowl game this year.
Really?
Where they went like two games this year?
Something like that.
Here with John Madden said the other day about the referees.
What was that?
Oh, yeah.
I like that.
The guys think about how old they are, but none of them were glasses.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he said that he knew they were all blind when he was coaching.
He's great.
Yeah.
Summer all in Madden are the best.
I don't care what anybody says.
He's about the only reason I watch a playoffs anymore.
That was a pretty depressing game.
I've got a Chicago game.
Nobody deserved to win that game.
They were both pathetic.
Now, I was out the other night and this lady came out to me and told me that she was kept looking
at me and she said that I reminded her of her old boyfriend.
And her name was Peter Ren.
Should I be nervous or?
Is that was Peter Ren?
Yeah.
It was the same guy from the track.
Really?
I asked her why she kept looking at me.
And she said, well, I thought you were out of the game.
Well, Peter's kind of an ugly guy, so I guess that fits him.
But he's a great guy, really.
He's all right.
He's all right.
So then I'll kind of ugly though, Jay.
I'm out to feel too bad about it.
No.
I have a little request and I know you've begun to...
If she had to say that you reminded her of Dominic Pavia, then you'd have been good shape.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, I can't beat him all, right?
Right.
I have a small request if you can get to it.
Dominic's in hiding now that his brother won 700 races Friday night.
And we're not getting any call from Pompato Park with our total that we can add under our number here,
which is really getting me frosted now.
What is it, Jay?
Wave left home.
What?
With a banana?
What about it?
So have it.
We don't want to hear your problems, Jay.
Well...
Yeah, I still have it.
I still have it.
I played it just the other day.
You people want to keep your in a same crap over and over and over again.
Damn it.
Damn it.
I just got you playing it.
I'm sorry.
I must have been listening.
No, I don't mean today.
Oh.
I mean, just the other day.
Well, play it, okay.
Go get a life, Jay.
All right.
See ya.
God.
These people are brutal and it happens during the holidays, man.
That's when it happens because they got nothing else to do.
Our regular callers all have a life.
They're out there busy returning merchandise.
And all these geeks get out of here.
Oh, could you play this?
You just got through playing at Rick Sanchez.
Then could you play it again?
Yeah.
Why don't we just put it on the endless loop you asshole playing for four hours?
God almighty.
I think Norm Kemp is probably setting up all these damn phone calls.
Anything desperate to try to get some attention.
What the hell did he want to hear?
I don't think we have that one anymore, Jay.
I think it's gone.
The wife left town without banana.
Love a rotten deal.
Found that young devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a few.
My hopes never happen to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
The wife left town without banana.
My babies.
The battleways.
What the hell did he want to do?
What the hell did he want to do?
What the hell did he want to do?
Thing.
Pukin' a pot.
God, that was bad.
Anyway, you want to get something really good at a price that's unbeatable.
Char-hut is the place.
Just in time for the deep-pressure.
Char-hut is giving you some sensational bargains, for example.
Come to Char-hut by one quarter-pound chicken breast.
Fresh, of course, never frozen.
Char-hut boiled with your choice of toppings on a fresh-itated roll or pita bread.
And get the second one for just 89 cents.
Or by the famous five-and-a-third ounce Char-burger.
That's 85 percent fat-free.
Fresh ground chuck-delivered fresh every day.
Char-hut just the way you like it.
And get the second one for only 89 cents.
Or get one of each.
And get the second sandwich for just 89 cents.
That offers good after 3 pm only, seven days a week, at all Char-huts.
Or try my very favorite sandwich.
Pukin' a pot.
God, that was bad.
Anyway, you want to get something really good at a price that's unbeatable.
Char-hut is the place.
Just in time for the deep-pressure.
Char-hut is giving you some sensational bargains, for example.
Come to Char-hut by one quarter-pound chicken breast.
Fresh, of course, never frozen.
Char-hut with your choice of toppings on a fresh-a-tided roller, PETA bread.
And get the second one for just 89 cents.
Or by the famous five-and-a-third ounce Char-burger.
That's 85 percent fat-free.
Fresh ground chuck-delivered fresh every day.
Char-hut just the way you like it.
And get the second one for only 89 cents.
Or get one of each.
And get the second sandwich for just 89 cents.
That offers good after 3 pm only, seven days a week, at all Char-huts.
or try my very favorite sandwich in the world, the Charod sweet sausage sandwich.
Grilled the way you like it with your favorite toppings.
And Charod gives you a money back guarantee that this is the best fast food in town, fast service,
great fresh food.
And two other treats you might want to try a new spicy chicken drumettes better than any chicken wings in the world
and their fresh tossed salad with your choice of dressing.
So drop by your nearest Charod restaurant and date a brown enjoy the freshest food at the lowest prices.
They're in North Miami in Tamarack and Sunrise.
And these locations are carrying those new juicy dripping delicious chicken drumettes,
Charod and Davey Hollywood Margate and Oakland Park.
News happening halfway across the world.
Park with the E for mutual news.
Jerusalem.
News from the nation's capital.
In Washington, Jimmy Dupree, News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
News from the States Capital.
Friscold, Tallahassee.
And News from the right here in South Florida.
Rob is paying for News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
Wherever the news is happening.
Tune to South Florida's News Traffic and Weather Station.
News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
She's back and she's got more than ever before.
She's the new, highly a park and race course.
She's back with a spectacular widener weekend of great entertainment and superb racing.
On Saturday, Wipener Day, come before 11 last week's spot.
Last week's spot.
From Spot.
The first championship race of the season.
Remember, for the other weekend and the free $2 wager, Bogus.
We'll make our day this Saturday.
On Sunday, the first 1000 state fans receive wallets with gift cards.
That was yesterday.
And $7,000 in cash.
She would have been right.
$7,000 in cash.
Bogus is embarrassing.
A special music concert with Andy Motignez and Roberto Torres.
She's the new, highly a park and race course inviting you to a spectacular Wipener weekend with free miracle round.
Bogus.
Scratch it out.
Make it up.
And free the herb racing.
Give my make it.
Good.
10.30 Bogus.
Wrong.
Don't forget the World Series coming up soon too.
Now there, I'm glad that we did that.
Because that's so typical of what goes on in this place.
They think that they can keep screwing around all from like a week before Christmas all away until like a weekend of the New Year.
And I take grave exception.
That's like those best of tapes.
It's the same crap that that was the spot for this past weekend.
It's already over with this Saturday is flamingo day with pistols and guns and roses and axle and his hose.
That's coming up this weekend.
The big day of Saturday and they're racing on New Year's day and tomorrow through Sunday.
But don't don't confuse our traffic department or Mr. Loudmouth.
I'm from New York.
So don't lay blame me.
Steve Paris because we're running the wrong spots in here.
Okay.
This is turning into a slip shot holiday at W I O D.
Your slip shot station.
What is that tick me off?
Okay.
For a good clients out there who are spending their hard earned money and trying to get a message across to you.
God is it piss me off.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
We raised about this start track.
We raised about $600 for Camilla's house.
Well great.
And we also.
Well what do you mean this is Star Trek?
You're in outer space.
What does that mean in Star Trek?
Well, we had a Star Trek movie going on.
Star Trek 6.
Yeah.
We raised it up to $400 and cash.
$200 in food.
Yeah.
For the Camilla's house.
Great.
And about $200 in close.
I think they wanted to bring.
Bring.
Doesn't matter what they brought.
The dollar.
Doesn't matter what they brought.
Right.
That's what I always say.
Bring it on.
And I said bring you something you can bring.
And they did.
Good.
And they had everything we had.
They did.
Which is brought to give me buttons.
Things like that.
Yeah.
Things like you would do, you know.
And all my friends ordered me a shirt from you.
Good.
And all.
And we're going to see JFK yesterday.
Yeah.
And all of that.
So we're just trying to help you all with cans.
Well, thanks a pile.
We're just trying to help you.
What's possible?
What are they battling in the back?
We need to know something.
We really do need to know where we can get snappled.
Because now I did try it public.
They don't.
Why do you try it public?
They don't have it at public service.
They have it every other place.
And you can try it at publics.
What?
You can know that.
We do.
Go to Albertsons.
Albertsons.
Go to Freddy's.
Go to Doris markets.
They got it all over the place.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll try that.
Have a happy new year.
Have a happy new year.
Bye bye.
Wow.
Oh, man.
1148 at WIOD.
Three open lines of vacant stripped on the middle of the board.
So I guess we're not getting any infusion of intelligence here today.
751 WIOD in date.
524 in Broward.
And 1-800.
Can you believe that spot?
So what are we going to do?
We owe them a make good.
Just keep that in mind, George.
Okay.
And I see there's another one coming up in the noon to one hour.
So we better make that good and get it straight now.
Get that slime ball.
Steve Paris on the line and get cut him and ask man.
He is an imbecile.
An idiot, a miscreant, a slime ball.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, we think about the old penguin.
Speaking of maple leaf.
What do I think about it?
What did you expect?
Sir.
Yeah.
Have a nice life.
Oh, God, get these kids back in school immediately.
Please.
Just sit them in there.
Don't have to have any class.
Just sit them in there.
Lock the goddamn door.
Okay.
Go away, kids.
Go play with your things.
Hi, Alia.
Well, I'll give you an infusion of something, but I'm not sure it's going to be until it's...
Oh, man, after the last couple of these calls today.
God, these people are like they've all been led out of the funny farm.
Like they all got loose from the old man.
They're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they
They're like, they're like, they're like, certainly like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, if boss is chasing you, they're like Trust Superintendent Fan, they're just like, Yeah.
Just, maybe Mar 's getting collaboration with guys.
UnaMar permitted
was passing Oyeh street and if they were during the day, they would come shout out, I mean, where your apartment in remote Laurel's, you know, I mean people promised to come home and just sneak around with their champangelo
, I mean there were six coins in place, three coins, okay.
Yeah, so was it possible?
you were born to do last spots with your little sound effects there.
Yeah.
Anyway, today's my birthday.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, let's do something special for you then like Hazan.
Have a happy, sir.
Well, wait a second.
Yeah.
I got a birthday request.
Yeah.
Don't I get a birthday request?
Yes, sure.
Whatever you like.
The guy, what's the name of the guy?
By the way, Larry, we're running the wrong spot for Haley and it's embarrassing as hell.
Go ahead, sir.
The field, that kind of stuff happens all the time.
I know it.
Where are you?
We're running spots.
I'm telling you, get your tickets for that World Series game number three, man.
That's going to be a killer.
I'm telling you, it's going to be great.
Hey, aren't the dolphins claiming that they're playing the play?
In fact, this Saturday on the best of, I'm going to be telling you all about last spring's
big race at Poppano.
And aren't the dolphins claiming the gentle playoff spot to sneak out?
No, the dolphins home opener is coming up Sunday.
I can hardly wait.
Yeah.
The guy who does Vatican Rock, not Vatican Rock, but he doesn't know the one.
Vatican Wag.
Wag.
Wag.
Not Vatican Rock.
What the hell is that?
I thought it was...
I think that's what the Pope is rubbing right now is the Vatican Rock.
I thought he was saying Vatican Rock.
No.
Okay, well, not that one.
Tom Lear.
He has another one that has something to do with the National Love Day.
Brotherhood Week.
National Brotherhood Week.
Can I hear that?
Yeah.
I haven't heard that in a long time.
What if I said yes?
I would love you forever.
It's not good, carry it away.
I got it right here, sir.
Have a great birthday and a happy holiday and back on you.
Same to you, Neil.
Okay.
Again, at least, maybe here.
Yeah.
Okay.
All these people, I say yes and then they try to talk themselves out of it.
They're not satisfied that you say yes and you play their stupid request.
They try desperately to talk themselves out of it.
One week of every year is designated National Brotherhood Week.
This is just one of many such weeks honoring various worthy causes.
One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the Handicapped Week,
which...
Which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of, as you know.
During National Brotherhood Week,
various special events are arranged to drive home the message of Brotherhood.
This year, for example, on the first day of the week,
Malcolm X was killed, which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is.
I'm sure we all agreed that we ought to love one another.
And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings,
and I hate people like that.
This is a song about National Brotherhood Week.
All the white folks hate the black folks,
and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all,
but the white folks isn't all established or ruled by during.
National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week,
lean a horn and share a Clark hard dancing cheek to cheek is,
fun to utilize, but people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
Older poor folks hate the rich folks,
and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as Apple Pie, but during National Brotherhood Week,
National Brotherhood Week, New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very sheech.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand,
you can tolerate him if you try.
Older Protestants hate the Catholics,
and the Catholics hate the Protestants,
and the Hindus hate the Muslims,
and everybody hates the Jews but they're,
National Brotherhood, National Brotherhood Week,
it's National Everyone Smile at one and other Hood Week,
the nice two people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week, so have no fear.
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Love the Puerto Ricans, W.I.D.
What, how can we left their frogs out of that?
One of my absolute favorites, Neil.
Well, that's good.
If you got to be unhauled, it might as well be for somebody.
We can make Kent Williams happy, folks, that's all it's all about.
I wish I had a final number for you,
but that's not my department.
All I know is I've been told that somewhat over $6600 was raised,
but I sent you a fact because call of a...
Well, I have it right here in my hand now.
I have your facts.
And I'd like that for fast service.
That's amazing.
Call Witness in the 10th race on Friday
with a six-hole, and Kent Williams here predicts
that he just might be the winner this week.
Yeah, and I put it on as a super fact.
I thought we enjoyed betting on him last week.
There are most of his owners did,
and now on the super fact that you can really plunge your lungs.
That's right.
And also, I'd wanted to point out on Thursday night,
we're going to have races at different distances.
It's the first time this year,
and it's the first sprint race since I've been here.
We're going to have one race in the fifth,
going twice around, and starts right in front of the grandstand,
which is kind of exciting.
And then in the ninth race, they're going to go once around,
again, starting right in front of the grandstand.
And that makes for just a little bit more challenging,
handicapping, and there's some of the horses.
Now, there's some of those drivers out there,
better begin to show one, because going twice around,
they might get lost.
Well, the idea is to...
You put two peas in your mouth, or beans, or something like that.
Right, maybe you spit one out.
Right, each time around, but if you swallow one, then you're in trouble.
Right.
But that is just something to...
Spice it up a little bit.
Yeah, and then I think both races are going to be real competitive,
and it makes it more interesting than betting the same horses
at the same distance week after week.
Great.
So, I hope to see you out there.
What about New Year's Eve?
Did you make your reservation?
Oh, I'll be there.
What do you mean, make my reservations?
Well, your regular table is taken.
That's what you think.
That's what you think.
Okay, I'll make sure...
Alan's in a staff meeting.
I'll make sure he calls you as soon as he can.
Tell him we need that number desperately.
Okay.
And we did real well, too.
I'm real excited about it.
It was a good crowd, Friday night.
In fact, indications from...
From Pompolyn, at the standpoint, is that we...
Well, I've not had some people from out of town in here this weekend.
We had a terrific week.
How about that?
Okay, listen, I'll see you tomorrow, Kim.
All right.
Thanks.
Okay, there's the latest and the greatest.
Here's a portable in Miami.
Hello?
Are you a portable?
Yeah.
Okay.
Am I on the air?
You're on right now.
How do you like that?
Hey, I can't believe that...
Hey, Mil, I just want to call and tell you that you have a great show.
I did not know that...
We do need an infusion of intelligence.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
I didn't know...
I, you know, my wife broke my antenna on my Mercedes,
so I don't get A.M.
And I didn't know that...
God, you've got a cult following down here.
Because I took a month off.
I'm a stockbroker, really.
And I just took a month off.
And I like quit because of the recession and everything like that.
But I was telling everybody over here when they came over from the holidays
about you and your show and everything like that.
And I was quite amazed that everybody responding to, yeah, Neil Rogers.
I mean, everybody listens to you.
That's correct.
If the ratings were accurate, we'd have a 99 share.
Unbelievable.
And the only one percent who don't listen, no spaghetti glaze.
A matter of fact, one of my good friends is an advertising for a radio A.M. show.
And you are his main competitor.
And that, in fact, that's his main competition or main objection every time they come up against,
you know, why should we go with you instead of someone else?
And it's unbelievable.
I mean, he scratched in his bed.
And I ran in labor about, you know, the show and the quality and the content of intelligence
that some of you call it, you know, like, you know, a lady with the concept tickets and everything like that.
But I thought it took my bail.
Right.
Excuse me?
I said, that's great.
Yeah, but I just wanted to call it.
You know, I took a month off.
I'm redoing my entire inside of my house.
I had, you know, quotes from general contractors and stuff like that.
It went like over $30,000.
And I did the entire inside of my house.
Hardwood floors, kitchen, everything for like less than $3,000.
Well, good for you, sir.
It's about time somebody stood up for himself and stood up for his rights and didn't just sit down and get screwed.
I'm telling you, it's unbelievable.
They're the same product.
Unbelievable.
But, you know, if you can afford to take a month off, go for it.
But we're, I'm ready to do it right now.
Ricken's size is a great show that Neil I'm telling you.
I'm telling you, I can't believe it.
The first, my Chris, I study in my matter.
Yeah.
My first Christmas present under the Christmas tree, excuse me, for the holiday.
But, uh, I just, I lose it.
I just can't handle it.
Why?
I said, I hope you have a great new year.
Yeah.
And you're not, you're not for the suckin' around.
Make sure you express to everybody to have a designated driver.
Yep.
And to be safe.
And a designated caller and have a great life.
Oh, man.
We have an open line of days, 751 WIOD.
And we only have two hours to kill.
It seems like only six, seven hundred hours ago.
We sat down here this morning and, uh, listen, it's just another day.
And then tomorrow is New Year's Eve Day, which means we're playing the whole rack for real.
And Wednesday is a whole bunch of ball games and not going to be here.
You have to work Wednesday.
You're going to love those ball games, George.
Five hours on New Year's Day.
Man, overtime though, huh?
3.45 an hour, not bad.
Did I see little Jennifer go in the newsroom?
Jennifer Ram is honoring us with her presence.
Happy New Year, Jennifer.
Jennifer is doing the new WIOD news.
And, uh, unless she gets out of breath, we'll come back at 12.05 and continue.
At two o'clock, it's old Fat Chuck Meyer for Rick and Suds with Will O'Reilly of Inside Edition.
Joe and Sunny from the Sheraton Val Harborwood Sports Talk, followed by the big one, the Holiday Bowl.
Happy Holidays from South Florida's news, traffic and weather stages.
News.org radio, 610 WIOD, Miami Ford Waterdale and the Palm Beach News.
Good morning, I'm Jennifer Ram in the 610 WIOD News Center.
The temperature at noon is 69 degrees.
From the 610 WIOD Weather Center, here's meteorologist Bob Soeper.
Pretty darn nice weather for South Florida the next couple of days.
Complete forecast coming up.
Vice President Kweil is you, you energizing Marine Colonel William Higgins and CIA agent William Buckley as heroes.
He spoke at a memorial ceremony at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland this morning.
After the bodies of the American hostages arrived there, Higgins will be buried at Kwanago, Virginia, Buckley at Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington, D.C.
Both men died in captivity in Lebanon.
President Bush began a Far East tour today that he says is important to the American economy,
corresponding Peter Mayor reports.
As President Bush takes off on a 12-day 26,000-mile trip, he is pushing his call for more open markets for American products.
My message in each country I visit will be this.
Free trade is a two-way street.
The President, in effect, is taking campaign 92 to Australia and Asia as he hopes the international call for increased trade will be good for domestic jobs and for him domestic politics.
The White House sees the message as a response to Democrats and some conservative Republicans who say Bush devotes too much time to foreign policy.
Metro-Dade police have arrested the last of two suspects in the Christmas Day beating and robbery of two Canadian tourists in their self-date motel room.
The suspects were identified by third suspect, with the victims recognized in a police line-up.
Well, this year's New Year's Eve, the Florida Highway Patrol will concentrate on getting drunk drivers off the road and into a drunk tank.
An estimated 22 people are expected to die on state highways between 6 o'clock tonight and midnight New Year's Day.
Major Michael Bull says he hopes the prediction is too high.
Once again, we'll be using that prediction based on last three New Year's holiday periods, kind of easing that as a basis.
So hopefully we'll see just like in the Christmas holidays, we'll see that death toll is considered the less what we're predicting.
Lower mortgage rates are getting credit for fueling the American housing industries revival.
The National Association of Relator says resales of single-family homes jumped nearly five and a half percent last month.
The second consecutive monthly increase and the biggest in half a year.
Besides lower interest rates, the group says buyers were encouraged by decline in prices.
It's 12.03 at News Talk Radio 610W IOD, Skywatch 610 Traffic and the Weather Center forecast are next.
Do you suffer from embarrassing and painful intestinal gas?
Then please listen carefully to this important message about charcoal plus.
The first really different anti-gas medication.
Charcoal plus is different because it attacks gas no matter where it is in your stomach or your intestines.
Charcoal plus has two active ingredients, semethicone to break up gas bubbles in the stomach and activated charcoal to absorb gas in the lower intestinal tract.
Either way, charcoal plus works.
That's important to you, especially if you're in a high fiber diet.
Everyone agrees that fiber is good for your health, but high fiber can also cause gas and bloating, especially if you haven't been on a high fiber diet before.
So no matter what causes your gas problem, whether it's in the stomach or the lower intestines, you'll get fast action and peace of mind with new charcoal plus.
Charcoal plus is available without a prescription and all local drugstores. Ask for it today.
Get news, traffic and weather each morning with Micronary and the Morning Information Team.
Here are News Talk Radio 610W IOD.
This hour's check of Wall Street's Dow Jones average shows the market up 32.
Now Skywatch 610 Traffic, here's Mike Paxton.
Thank you Jennifer. This update is service of sorens food among the flowers in Broward County at overturned dump trucks out by 95 approaching sterling road, a possible gas lake delays back to 595.
Head to entry accident, sunrise full of our west of 31st Avenue, one on Davey Road south of Nova Drive.
In Palm Beach County, an accident north by 95 at Woolbright Road, also an overturned vehicle in the median of 95 South of high Paloxo Road.
And in Dave County, an entry accident black was treated at 107th Avenue and one on Kendall Drive at 130 second Avenue.
Sorens food among the flowers point simply to find a stress-prone in Coral Gables, five star new world was served by the international staff.
Sorens food among the flowers on the pond on pond set the circle in Coral Gables.
With replaying coverage, I'm Mike Paxton, Skywatch 610W IOD.
From the 610W IOD weather center partly cloudy high mid to upper 70s lows lower to mid 60s.
At 1205, the temperature in South Florida is 69 degrees relative humidity 59%.
Our next news update at 1 o'clock bulletins at once.
On Jennifer Rem for South Florida's news traffic and weather station, News Talk Radio 610W IOD.
It's choked up now.
I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
News Talk Radio 610W IOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Dyle 751W IOD from Dave,
in Broward at 524W IOD.
Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-W IOD.
And bell south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest host or caller are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610W IOD.
Thanks for calling.
Ladies and gentlemen, intro-dressing Tyson's knockout chicken.
Hi, this is IOMike.
And if you're hungry like a heavyweight, just look for a big goal of peace.
Tyson's knockout chicken.
Tyson's knockout chicken.
You've never seen fresh like this.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Cry a hot-cusey big mind.
Do all mean patties on a Sesame Street brain.
You're better stay away from Don Burger King on if he's got hair sticking out.
Yeah, I'd like a...
Hey, aren't you the guy on trial?
I'd like a knuckle-single.
Sure.
Call me in a poll.
Nick, and don't forget our world champion, chicken.
We got wings, we got size, we got...
Check out the rings.
I can't control myself.
So do the wild thing.
And come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight.
If your hungry as a raging foe comes to Tyson,
I'd rather have fun.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Fill the runners in.
well worked to the Blue James bringing onainen all that money to
granddaughter who were taking  out or Yi Don Simmons or Jerry
cheaters or Jacques Plunt.
Good old days, eh?
Right, eh?
Frank Mahabalek.
Bring them back.
Bring them back.
Dave Keon.
Right.
Tim Horton.
Oh.
Bobby Han.
Karl Brewer and Bobby Bond.
He.
Ron Stewart.
Bert Homestead.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know what to tell you, but I'll tell you.
How can I, how is it possible, one of the oldest franchises in the history of all
professional sports, could have degenerated to the point where they're so pathetic that
they're like, they're like a girls team?
If I can, it's not.
Kelly.
That's the hooker.
Hopefully, it's missing.
It's going away.
It's going away.
Oh.
Yeah.
Great one.
Great one.
Can you tell me, is Bill, sir, when you listen to me, when you listen to me?
Huh?
Oh, jeez.
When you listen to me, sir, I want to ask you a question.
Is Bill Hewitt dead or alive?
Bill Hewitt, he's alive.
He is?
Yeah.
How come we never hear from him?
I know he was an alcoholic.
Uh, well, I think it's just that he just got to him and, you know, unfortunately his father
passed away several years ago and a couple years ago.
Hmm?
A couple of years.
I think the body is still in the gondola, by the way.
Oh, that's for sure.
And Bob Cole says it smells pretty bad up there.
It's right.
It's right.
Even the fans aren't turning out this year.
They're not turning out?
No, no, no.
They're not selling out.
The Leafs ought to be turned out.
Oh, for sure.
They only had one player and that was Vince Damfus and they traded him away for an old
man, Larry Anderson, who is about 100 years old.
What are they thinking about?
Who are they making me sick?
I don't know.
I love my Leafs.
Too funny back.
Gail is the best in with him for the Maple Leafs.
He goes to the right side.
Marbano for checking, but Mark gets the pass at center and moves up, gets the way for
half.
Mark coming for an out of heart.
Get out of that.
Gail, four.
Wow.
I'm not sure it's right.
All right, that's enough.
They're just...
I'm not the same.
Listen, I went in and took your advice last week.
Let's just play Maple Leaf goals for the next two hours.
Oh, that was good.
I took your advice last week in SAGFK.
Great for a movie.
Yeah, one of the all-time best.
Three hours, three hours plus and I tell you, I didn't believe it was over.
It was really great.
Yeah.
Listen, have a good holiday, Neil.
And back at you.
Take care.
And punch him, like says, hi.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Not feeling too good.
Ten afternoons at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward 5249463.
Let's see if we can find some other outdated copy here today, okay folks?
Some other stuff from weeks and months and years ago on your screwed-up station, WIOD.
Come on, get with it, Larry.
For a very limited time, Toyota of Hollywood is Toyota Thound Central.
Toyota of Hollywood is the southeast-west's central location for the lowest prices and best
selection on 92 Toyota Thound specials.
You've seen these advertised on TV and there's only one place you can get them in all of
South Florida.
And that is Toyota of Hollywood.
For example, no payments till March of 1992 on the 1992 Camry release package and this
deal is waiting for you only at Toyota of Hollywood.
$400 cashed back on the 92 Tercelle, payers a little $6,598, save up to $2,000 on SRX pickups.
Dealers are not welcome by the way of Toyota Thound Central.
So don't try to take advantage of the big selection and low prices to increase your stock
dealers.
They're going to kick your ass right off the lot.
Experts are on hand to offer on the spot financing and excellent trading since waiting
for you right now at Toyota Thound Central only at Toyota of Hollywood on $441 between
TAP and Sheridan Streets in Hollywood.
The greatest golfers in the world are once again coming to Miami to play in the Dorelle
Rider Open, benefiting the American Cancer Society.
Here's your chance to get a special holiday rate on weekly passes to this PGA event.
Get a free round of golf at Dorelle Country Club and help win the fight against cancer.
Buy one weekly pass for $30 before December 31 and get the second weekly pass free.
Plus for every pass you buy, you'll get free green speeds at Dorelle Country Club any
time between May and September.
$30 for two passes to watch the Cadillac Skins game featuring Jack Nicholas and four
championship rounds of golf.
This offer is good for weekly passes only.
No daily passes are available.
Greens fee surcharges apply for Dorelle's blue course.
To order your two for one pass, call 477 Golf before December 31.
The Dorelle Rider Open, February 29th through March 8th.
Great golf for a great cause.
Call 477 Golf today.
I was part grandma apart superwoman.
I loved watching those kids while my daughter worked.
But when I got constipated, I just couldn't keep up.
Then I found fibral fibral for regularity.
Fibral powder keeps me regular and it's gentle, natural fibral.
I've heard of metamuse so but some kinds are almost half sugar.
Instead of sugar, fibral adds healthy brand.
With fibral, I'm regular every day and I can keep up with the kids all day.
Use only is directed.
I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
I-
Cheers and a few cheers for 75 years coming up next nationwide.
After the law versus grandfierre, Wendell Clark, Kurt Smuller,
and a whole lot more.
It's the 1991-92 season premiere between the Montreal Canadians
and the Toronto Maple Leaf says we kick off our 30th season
of Mohsen Hockey Nighting Canada on CDC from the 4th Montreal.
Nice talker.
Mohsen Hockey Nighting Canada on CDC on East London,
by Mohsen, Canadian, Westeer, is all of us.
By Ford and Canada, where Hornogy is more than a condition,
while a key is dropped one.
And by hercoseus and the Miriam on it, you're on your way with that stuff.
Oh man, I get goosebumps.
Then the game starts and leaves get behind 12-nothing,
and I start getting upset.
12-14 at WIOD, here's a real hockey fan.
Hey, let's talk about sports.
I can't hear you.
You're on a bad phone.
You sound like you got your finger on it.
You do, you sound like...
Can't understand you.
You can't understand you.
You can't really...
How about phone is this?
It's a panty phone.
A panty phone?
That's just...
That's not a panty phone.
I know what the hell I am.
As in panty waste?
So you can't understand me.
Now it's better, now that you're speaking to the thing with the holes in it.
Everybody's looking at it.
Always speaking to the part that's got the holes in it.
I've got a little something for the jet fans.
Yes?
If they want a nutzle up there, I know it's right to my underwear line.
I've got a little warm air for them.
Hey?
Yeah.
And, uh, two, right, my camera...
What kind of a phone is this, man?
We're getting feedback?
You know what it is?
It's one of those cheap payphones?
Crap it.
L-Crap it.
Let's just thank you.
They don't have to nutzle up to your underwear.
They just nutzle up to this phone.
CNBC is now commencing testing of its scrambling system.
If you experience any problems with your reception,
please contact your cable operator or call 1-800-SMART-TV.
Scrambles, okay?
What kind of crap is that?
They're scrambling our picture now.
Oh, that's kind of the fuck.
Boy.
And I want to mention again, the continental cable.
Your picture on Channel 6 and 12 this week is so bad,
I can get a picture, stick in my thing out the window
and hooking it up to the TV set.
Pathetic.
I have to watch CBS Morning News on the satellite.
So I heard, uh, Orlando grabbed on a tune thing and got penalized.
He what?
Orlando grabbed...
Don't even say it again.
What's the next thing?
I can hear your thermal muffled.
You got...
Yeah, it's probably this crappy phone I'm on.
Good day.
Good day.
Boy.
Even he's in the bag today.
1216 at WIOD, here's the North Bay Village.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
First time calling.
Another bad phone.
But I always listen to your great, though.
Terrible phone.
Really?
Wait, hold on.
Let me see.
Let me change it.
All right, how's that?
All better.
A lot better.
Near.
Marginally better.
Still muffled.
Maybe you just have a muffled voice.
Maybe it said sock over your vocal cords.
I saw JFK and it was terrific.
How does a guy get a sock over his vocal cords?
Something to think about.
Yeah, and it's one of the all-time greats.
But I'm not going to spend the whole show every day like Chuck is doing talking about JFK.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, I'm very interested in it.
I've read all the books.
It's disturbing.
It's gut-wrenching.
But life has to go on, you know?
What do you feel with the best part of the movie?
The best part was the speech by Donald Sutherland.
Exactly.
Not just the part.
Not the speech, but I mean the Iraq by Donald Sutherland when he took him through the park and gave him the whole lowdown.
And then of course the trial in the court there at the end of his summation was great too.
And with Donald Sutherland, they had the part that he was playing.
They had it sent away to the South Pole for two weeks.
Right.
And they said that if he was there, he would have had extra security.
He wouldn't have the security that they had there.
And the thing about it showing up the story on Oswald showing up in the New Zealand newspaper and the time difference that it showed up there before he was even arrested.
And there was a part I noted.
It was even though it was gross.
But when Kennedy's take a blow-knife or that piece of skin or whatever came on, it had jerked inwards.
So like somebody was, they said over by the fence, somebody either of that secret service guard or that's at least been with the rifle.
How could it be in front of if the guy shot from the back, did the head get blown off the skin and turned into it to the car?
You know what I mean?
It looked like somebody was shooting from the front.
It was magic, just like the magic bullet.
Right.
Just ask Darlyn Specter, he'll make up a good story for you.
What do you think Rick St. Chess would do, you know, analyze it as movie squad over it?
He'd be squatting over the body parts in Parkland Hospital probably.
Rick, one more thing.
Please, Neil, I gotta have it.
I never require it.
I gotta have it.
Andrew Dite's claim.
That bit that you got.
You got two bits from it.
One with the New Yorker and one with that Ray Cironi.
Yeah.
Can you play one of those?
First of all, he's not on the New Yorker.
He's got nothing to do with that.
The New Yorker is Ricardo Montelbond, Jr.
No, no, no, no.
But what?
Oh, I thought it was the one Rick goes, hey, you, you, you know, pick me up.
That's got nothing to do with Andrew Duce play, okay, sir?
Oh, so that was him.
You gotta get your Duce bag straight.
That's Ricardo Montelbond and the Chrysler New Yorker.
I'd rather have the Ray Cironi do that.
The right Cironi?
Yeah, thank you.
Okay.
God almighty.
Man, it's like we've just totally lost control of this show during the holidays.
And you know what, I don't care.
Doesn't bother me.
I could pay the same whether you control it or I control it.
What disc is that on?
Is that number 40 on this number two?
He asked.
As if we don't already know since we played there about 750 million times.
And they just can't get enough of it.
Here's Andrew Dice Clay.
Four Dice Cironi.
All right.
Let's say you're eaten.
You're sick and fucking tired of fucking potatoes.
And that's stovetop.
Shit.
Do like me, honey.
Eat this.
Dice Cironi.
Come on.
It's almost as simple as you.
What the fuck in bagging the fucking pot and you turn on the fucking stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, what up being the fucking things done?
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town right in the middle of the night.
And the phoneie stuck a feather off his ass.
And called it Dice Aroni.
Oh!
Doodle Dice.
Oh, no.
The techie tastes with treats.
Oh!
What do you want, Jay?
Well, we needed you here last week.
Where the hell were you?
But my car was filthy and disgusting and gross and just loaded with crud.
Where the hell were you?
I don't know.
Yeah, you were on vacation like Spencer.
They're all on permanent vacation with Erosmith.
I just had a wash yesterday.
But I guess we better do it today because Spencer's not coming to Othursday this week, right?
Oh, man.
Let me just dig down here and see if I can find some change.
There's the keys.
See if I can find ten bucks in my wallet after that night Friday at Pompa.
Oh, excuse me.
Shouldn't be talking about that.
Shouldn't cry about your losing.
It's okay.
Win a little.
Lose a lot.
That's, here's a 50.
You want that?
No chance.
Not for you.
You got any change?
Yes.
Hey, listen, wait a second, folks.
I know that you're expecting a radio show, but we're busy with a little transaction.
How about, uh, how about giving me two twenties for a ten?
Good.
Okay, do a good job out there, too.
Will you please?
Because that car is a real important car, real important part of my mediocre life.
Okay.
Twenty after noon at WIOD.
Oh, man.
I got enough for Pompa tonight.
Let me see.
Oh, yeah.
That's enough for the first race.
Twenty one after 12.
If you want to go out and have a fabulous meal during the new year holiday or anytime,
Ruth's Kris stay-k house in Fort Lauderdale and elsewhere, unbeatable.
Only 2% of the beef sold in the entire country is good enough for Ruth's Kris customers.
Cornfait, US prime.
That's why it's so tender and so juicy that you could almost cut it with your finger and they bring it cooked exactly the way you order it.
Still sizzling on the platter and put it in front of your fat hungry face.
And of course, they also have lots more beside great steaks.
Fresh salmon and tuna fillets, live main lobster, float in daily, 3 to 5-pound beauties, stone crabs, grouper.
You name it, they got it.
Fantastic side dishes.
The best potatoes are grout and you've ever had in your life.
And of course, those big humongous desserts that are fattening and just unbeatable.
The service is great.
You love the atmosphere.
You can go in dressed to the hill.
They're just dressed like me like a real slob.
No matter which way you go in, you're going to come out satisfied with a fantastic meal.
You can't miss at Ruth's Chris Daycows.
You'll find the original South Florida location at 2525 North Federal Highway between sunrise and Oakland Park and right on the water at the intercoastal near shooters just off 163rd Street in prestigious North Miami Beach.
1992 kicks off with a fat news talk radio 610 W I O D presents the spectacular football double header New Year's Day at 130.
FSU takes on Texas A&M in the cotton bowl live from Dallas, Texas.
Then it's back home to Miami and the orange bowl as our canes try to wrap up a national championship by knocking off Nebraska.
Countdown to the canes begins at 5.
Kickoffs at 8.
It's an explosive double header New Year's Day exclusively on News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
It's Joe Albertsons, Supermarket.
I started working for Joe Albertsons in 1974, stocking shelves working for a midnight till nine.
So I guess I've learned the grocery business from the ground up.
But even then, I knew what was important, what Albertsons was all about.
It's making people feel comfortable like they're in charge.
Today, that kid who was stocking shelves runs the store and I'm going to make sure our shoppers feel appreciated, especially these days.
Everything's getting a bit too impersonal, automatic.
While I want to break through all that, get to know my customers.
I guess it's a pretty basic idea, but it's one whose time has come.
We're singing a new song because it's a new day.
Hi, I'm Dan Spears, Albertsons store director since 1983. But this really isn't my store.
Albertsons, it's your store.
Discover inspiration to bogey.
Your gift with any 1750 Lancome purchase that may seem while supplies last.
Its Lancome signature style cosmetic suitcase, smartly tailored in black and white and lost vinyl.
Inside finds six prize beauty picks from Lancome Paris, including the ultimate beauty brush up,
a combination bra brush eyelash comb, put carousels mascara with carotene and rouge superb lasting cream lip color.
At Macy's.
We're a part of your life.
I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95!
I-95!
I-95!
1225 at WIOD.
We could have been there in Houston in the house of pain yesterday if it weren't for that fumble, Sammy.
But that's way cause.
25 afternoon at WIOD, Pembroke Pines.
How low there, Neil. How you doing?
I'm doing okay today. How you doing?
Good. Good. I have enjoyed your show for many, many years.
But I am a horned bit dilemma sort of speaker.
You had made mention earlier about the children that need to be back in school.
While mine two were no exception.
I'm trying to get them to clean up their room.
And I'm trying to explain to them just how bad the room looks.
And the only thing that comes-
I got a better idea once you just locked the doors in from the outside.
Well that's an idea.
Sammy, I'm in there with all that crap.
Mark, it is up 34 points.
Boy, are we just making a tremendous phony recovery here?
Yes, but I've got so much invested in them that I really want them to be part of the family.
But I want them to clean their room.
I'm trying to explain to them just how bad it looks.
And your vomiting cart came to mind, punctuated by the buzzer.
Would you be so kind to play that?
No. 1226 at WIOD.
When they're starting to choreograph, two carts back to back sound effects.
I mean, you people are really desperate.
Hey kids, lock him in the room and throw away the key.
Okay, go have a good time.
Ransack the house.
Palm Beach on the star line.
Has Neil long time left, and I'm on my sailboat outside Palm Beach.
Well, good for you, La Dida.
And listen, Neil.
Yeah.
I want you to call my daughter, Kathleen Dushback.
Okay, I can't lean.
Get a life.
1227 at WIOD.
I should have just played the rack.
I just, you know, for some reason I just have no sales resistance, like I've said before.
And I keep coming back thinking that just maybe, maybe it might be worth punching one or two of these buttons.
And so far, I can't think of one that we couldn't have lived without.
Miami.
Here's the one right here.
Hello.
See, I told you, that's the best call we've had at WIOD.
Is there somebody on there?
Neil.
Oh, yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I'm just calling to say, uh, for old snapple people, you can get a wargrain.
You have snapple at wargrain.
Right.
And, uh, my mom's been listening to you.
She likes it.
I listen to you.
I like it.
Great.
And everybody likes it.
But I'm a show too.
But, uh, the bridge tender.
I don't want to listen to it.
I'm just telling you, I just, I was in the shower.
I heard it.
And I got off.
I mean, the take that was.
And, and that's for the dolphin.
No, that's for the dolphin.
Hey, I like the dolphins.
You like the dolphins.
Yeah.
And, but behind you, Neil and the dolphins too.
Yeah.
And, uh, I just, uh, what time is your show on?
My show is on now.
No, okay.
No, but Neil, uh, yeah.
I was eating soup the same time you were eating soup.
Well, isn't that great?
That's not like a almost a sexual connotation about that, isn't it?
I know.
And I'm souped up too.
Yeah, you sound like it.
Too stuff.
No, what happened was, you know, you have to, I had too much black Russian.
And I had to have soup today.
Yeah.
I'm in my bunker in Liberty City, so, uh, I'm, I'm stuck here in bed.
And for all you pseudo intellectuals who want an effusion up intellect,
compensation, get a license.
Right.
Don't drop the soap now.
How much?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Uh, I'm wondering that.
I'm wondering that talking about, uh, condoms, or a deep breath.
What's a regulated body in the United States, or an engineering?
That can't get you.
No.
Well, it is all bridges over navigable waterways.
See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
What's that?
I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, I'm saying, sir, here's that deep, the United States Corps of Engineers
are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways.
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir, okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should know.
What time should they not be open to the marine traffic?
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times.
What is the time?
I believe it's that rush hour times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That is not a communist bunch of crap, sir.
Sounds like some kind of the end-of-the-thall fastest commie, Pico, uh, experiencing to me.
It's about five million miles away from the B.O. to one boat.
Right, exactly.
But a boat is going to stop for five thousand cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both sides of the Kineho River and two.
I want the bridges closed period, okay?
I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
You know what I mean?
Let them use the MacArthur Clauseway.
I think they ought to go out in a George Washington bridge and jump all of the bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic.
At Happy New Year to you, 1231 at WIOD, if that pain in the ass little kid in Hollywood
caused back one more time, George is coming over to your house with the tweezers
and yanking every little body here right out of WIOD.
Is this you again?
Yeah.
What do you want?
Oh, you hung up on me.
What?
You hung up on me.
Who hung up on you?
First, never be a home.
What is it?
Someone put me a home and then you get hung up.
Yeah, when you know why they hung up on you?
Probably because we didn't want to hear your silly song.
Huh?
You got a silly song?
Sir?
Oh, okay.
You got the message.
1231 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
Well, you have to tell them, George, you have to take control of WIOD.
Yeah, I can talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing?
All right.
You don't have a silly song you want to sing to us, do you?
No.
Good.
For time of color.
Great.
All right, I just called and...
Got right on like that.
Wasn't that a shock?
I picked you up cold.
I know.
Right in the middle of the board there on a center square.
I know, I'm sitting here cold in the office.
I got it.
God, I'd get goosebumps about this.
It's so exciting.
Wow.
All right, well, I wonder if we know.
Go see Neil, go state in the freedom bowl.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
Go Long Beach State.
1232 at WIOD, Fort Lauderdale.
Mark is up 36 points.
Hello?
Nobody there.
Hums did on the starline.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I can agree with you as far as the bridge centers go.
I'm trying to drive down into the Keys.
You know, they're bridges in Jim Fish, Cronique.
Yeah.
It's been up for about a half an hour.
The traffic's all the way back to homestead.
He got it.
All I want to do is get down to Almorado for the weekend.
And I got to sit there and just one lane.
Well, call up Alibrarah.
He'll help you out.
Okay, I'll drop you right off down where you're going.
1232 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the center square at 5249463 Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Your show's really great.
Yeah.
And what do you want?
You must want something.
No, I don't want anything.
You're sucking around for something I can tell.
No, I don't want anything.
I just want to know.
You run for Montreal.
You're from Montreal, eh?
Yeah.
How about those habs, huh?
It's dry.
They make me sick.
All right.
Here comes Dickie Moore and the rocket.
By the way, there's some geek who's playing college football.
Or what?
Who is it that they call a pocket rocket?
How can they steal that?
There was only one pocket rocket that would be like having somebody be the Yankee Bambino.
Or the Louisville sluggard.
Or the Yankee Clipper.
Go ahead, sir.
You know what I'm talking about.
The radio is really, really dry.
Really bad, eh?
Too many of those frogs on the radio jumping around in Montreal.
Why don't you get ahold of all these old French Canadian farts who come down here and send them back.
Draw my roadmap and show them how to get back home, eh?
I just want to know when you're going to get your shirt down there.
Down there?
I fall asleep with me to the radio.
It's so bad.
Yeah, well, it's good for you.
In about a half an hour, you can become like one of those 90-year-old frogs up there.
You start driving like them and leaving small tips.
Yeah.
Eh?
Well, eh?
I just want to wish you a happy new year.
And same to you.
All right.
Okay.
Go back home.
1234 at WIOD.
We have an open-line and brownered 524 frog, and we'll be back right after this.
Markets up 41.
He was a Supreme Court Justice nominee accused of sexual harassment.
And now he's matter-than-hell.
Clarence Thomas is the Cuda Cater.
Oh, yes, Judge.
There have been a lot of charges brought against you that could seriously jeopardize your nomination.
How do you answer to these charges?
Hey, boy.
How's this pronounci-
Clarence Thomas is the Cuda Cater.
Yes, I can remember on several occasions.
Judge Thomas told me repeatedly how he could tighten a knot, tighten a bow, and still
have enough to throw it over his shoulder like a continental soldier.
A Judge Thomas, how do you respond to these allegations?
Where, Senator?
I have just one thing to say.
Shut up, bitch.
Clarence Thomas has been ridiculed, railroaded, and pushed to the edge.
Now he's taking all the system in, but Cuda Cater.
Well, personally, Senator, I think this is a bunch of bulls**t.
Take that infact sum of a f**king ass.
I'll show you who still crashes my life.
But Cuda Cater starts Friday at a theater near you.
22-to-1 at WIOD.
I see that memo from Boy Gary on the inside of the control room door.
It says, don't be a trouble shooter.
Be like me, be a bull shooter.
Isn't that what he is? He's basically a big bull shooter.
Anyway, let's go to Del Rey. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. If you can't be a trouble shooter, be a bull shooter, sir.
No.
Couple weeks ago, you mentioned about the SIR ITV week.
About what?
The SIR ITV week?
Yes, sir.
Do you have that number, sir?
Do I have that number? I have it right here. How's that?
That's so great.
Is that good or what?
That's fantastic.
Do you want it?
Three.
1-800.
Okay.
345.
All right.
8-8.
Okay.
7.
Got it?
6.
Thank you, Neil.
Got it?
You're an happy new year.
And you too.
Right.
Hey, listen, you call us and ask us anything, and if we don't know the answer, we'll just make it up.
How do you like that?
Oh, boy.
There's nothing like having a satellite dish not having to watch all that swillets on the networks, man.
You people are watching the stuff that's on your networks and the local affiliates.
No wonder your brains are like Jello.
No wonder we don't have any infusion of intellectual crap.
Swany River.
Neil.
Neil.
What does that mean, swany river?
We're in the swany river.
You're in it?
Well, we're near it.
That's almost like being up at entry.
We are on highway.
Hey, where's our gate passes to the back door, Gary Mills, you slime ball.
Man, you got a knock on the door and kick and scream and bust the window to get in this building anymore.
It's unbelievable.
They're trying to give us a message for the new year.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Oh, he's got a key.
Mr. Hotshot.
Yeah, great.
Go ahead, sir.
You're never eating in here again, Gary.
We're calling from Pensacola somewhere.
I don't know where you are.
Market is of 42 points, man.
Are we making a comeback or what?
Woo!
Everybody go out and have a market party.
You're on the swany river?
We're near it.
We go.
Way down.
Bond is swany river.
We're on the highway.
That's not near the Kahoola Lossi River.
Is it up by entry?
I don't know.
You're here?
What is it?
What are you talking other people, sir?
We can't hear them.
You're doing a lot of mumbling.
Speak to us.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah, I hear you, but you've got all these other people doing like back draft in the background.
Don't be a bull shooter, sir.
Let's get with it.
Be careful.
I think there's a lot of David Duke supporters out here.
Probably.
Probably want to pick you off pretty soon, too.
Have you for dinner?
How's everything going to Miami?
You don't run into a David Duke supporter.
You run into Hannibal Lecter.
And they have you for dinner.
I think we're on the wood here.
That's right.
Like I said, can you squeal like a pig?
I could try.
I think you're going to be pretty soon from the sound of that guy cackling in the back, sir.
He wants to stay low to hold on.
He's got you all sized up.
Yes.
Take your hold on a second.
Okay.
Bill.
How you doing?
I can't believe this.
I'm talking to you.
Why not?
I'm in the swan he remember here.
Yeah, we can.
On the way to New Orleans.
With all the meah, who's over there?
Six years.
Wow.
The Geaters are playing Notre Dame.
Oh, boy.
I hope you kick their ass.
We're going to do it.
I hope you take that Lou Holtz and just hang him like a like a stuck pig.
I like to see next year.
I like to see Michigan stay play the Irish.
Yeah, right.
We are.
We played him this year.
We played him this year.
Look at you for the bird.
They beat us 180 to nothing this year.
What?
I said, have a good time.
Hey, I like to just say Kevin.
You're a big goose back.
We're not going with us.
Okay.
See ya.
Kevin's no fool.
He know what's going on up there.
1242 at WIOD.
We have an open line at day 751 WIOD.
Yeah, could you play the lead Zeppelin?
Play the one.
The lead Zeppelin Jewish thing.
The lead Zeppelin Jewish thing?
Yeah.
Lead Zeppelin Jewish thing?
Yeah, the thing where the Zeppelin.
Zimphar does Zeppelin?
Yeah.
What's Jewish about that?
Oh, I don't know.
Is Zimphar Jewish?
Oh, God.
What a Yahoo.
I think that call was from entry.
I really do.
I think that's what happened to our whole audience.
I think they must have spent a bad vacation
over the holidays up at entry.
Is that how one of these?
Zimphar does Zeppelin?
I think it is.
I'm pretty damn sure it is.
I'm going to take some real good slow time here and find it.
Okay.
So just hold your horses as they say at Pompano Park.
I have a Pompano spot come up here in just a second.
I have no copy.
I have that stupid facts that Kent Williams sent me
with a big song in advance about who's racing in a short race
and the long race, which has nothing to do with anything.
And it's just astonishing to me that people just want to take
their money.
It's like burning it, like having a bonfire.
Oh, here's Zimphar and Zeppelin right here.
I mean, I do think that they're open.
I know they're open tomorrow night.
I knew you're Zimphar and you should call and make your reservations
because after the races are over tomorrow night, they have a big bash.
If you have any money left, you can celebrate.
And I'm pretty damn sure they're closed on Wednesday,
New Year's night, but not positive.
And I know they're racing Monday through Saturday at Pompano Park
now through the rest of the meeting, except I think Wednesday night,
but I'm not positive, but he will find out pretty soon.
Zimphar, master of the romantic slide, this song.
And rock my junior late, Sessler.
Together for the first time.
Zimphar and Sessler, Schrock me too.
The master and the last sister, play the main scenes of Power Build for this song.
The Zimphar sad world, it'll take a land of your wishes.
Okay, now we sure are excited to hear.
I didn't know Zimphar was Jewish.
What happened to my guns and hoses thing?
Oh, there it is.
Anybody going to go see guns and hoses tomorrow night?
J.R. Anspo, that should be good.
It should be almost as exciting as the holiday bull,
which we have for you tonight.
Brigham Young and the Iowa.
I wonder other than Michigan State,
is there, you think there's any team in America other than Long Beach State and Michigan State that's not playing in a...
Boy, pretty emotional.
That was Rick Sanchez calling from the house.
Lady in Miami, hello.
Yeah, hi, is this Neil?
I think so.
Hi, you have a card that I know you cannot play anymore for whatever reason.
But I would like to know if it's possible to get a copy of it or purchase it.
No.
No.
Not even if it's my birthday.
No.
That was one of the funniest ones I've ever heard.
That's why we can't play it anymore.
Anything that's too funny, they have a meter and if it go registers over five on the meter, we can't play it anymore.
Is that how it works?
I just played that little thing for you to even hear it.
Yes, I heard it.
Well, thank you.
And you have a happy new year.
And same to you.
Bye-bye.
1245 at WIOD.
Now they're playing requesting cards that they know we can't even play on a year anymore.
Hey!
Now you talk about a clever way to kill some time.
That's 535.
Okay.
And if these lines don't all start flashing and really happen with some real good intellectual crap, we're going to play sweet child of mine.
Non-stop between now and two o'clock is a way of welcoming Axel and his host to town.
Two open lines at day, 751 WIOD.
Don't forget speaking of good intellectual radio Chuck Myers got WIOD Bill, whatever his name is O'Reilly, from inside edition.
From that sleaze bag TV, from one of those last week he had Rick Sanchez.
Today's got Bill O'Reilly.
I think we're going to tabloid radio news pretty soon.
I think this is just an omen and Chuck is trying to break it in easy.
Kendall.
Yes, here.
Yes, sir.
Here.
Deal.
Here we are.
You know, thanks for taking the call.
It's the first time I've called you.
I've listened to you ever since you've been on WIOD.
Well, that's great.
I just want to let you know how depressed I was this past week and I had to go up to Jacksonville, which is kind of depressing itself.
On the way back, seemed like about every 5 out of 10 cars, either from New York or Jersey to Slovenia.
Or Quebec.
Well, that was the other 5.
Yeah.
That was the other 5 coming back down.
Yeah.
It seemed like that half the cars coming down had Canada plates on them.
Uh-huh.
It's just really depressing.
Yeah.
So this one, let you know that they're coming.
Thanks for the good news.
Sure.
Have a great life.
Oh, man.
You mean he called and waited just for that?
1247 at WIOD.
Here's the spot that I don't have any copy for for Pompato Harnas.
Man, they're doing a job.
I'll tell you.
It's just incredible.
Thanks so much by the way to Mrs. Peter Ran and all the horsemen.
And the great job they did for us in the sixth race on Friday, the Camille House pace, where they raised for us about $6600 plus the management of the track, of course.
And the thanks to Joe Pavia for a great drive on Call of Witness who came in second just got beat by that slimeball Kelly Shepherd on Friday in our people's horse race.
And call of witnesses in again Friday for all you members of our WIOD Pompato fan, the racing, whatever we call it in the 10th race got the 6th hold is time with fine Kettleheads,
up Hanson burglar double wow JJ Roe Max overnight delivery, Hobo Hanover and way on the outside, Daniel Martin go back where you came from,
Rage and Thunder.
And don't forget big night tonight and tomorrow night New Year's Eve, they have a big gala New Year's Eve, Bash at Pompato Park.
Call and make your reservations in the clubhouse now.
Don't get shut out and spend a great evening plunging and whining and dining and then after the races just having a great time at Pompato Park tomorrow night.
And Wednesday closed for New Year's night. I'm pretty sure I think and then of course to get open Thursday with some of those neat odd distance races and Friday are people's horse race and a big card is always on Saturday.
So get out during the holidays, take all your visitors out, plunge your lungs and have a great time at Pompato Harness.
Post-time nightly Monday through Saturday except Wednesday 7 30 p.m.
When it comes to traffic, there's only one place to do.
Sky one, overday.
Sky two, overbrow it.
Sky three, overpaw it.
When it's traffic information you need, tune to the source.
To rennestow on 610 WIOD, my pack's to Sky White 610.
WIOD, three plane traffic upgrades from Sky White 610.
From South Florida's news, traffic and wetting station.
News talk 3, 610 WIOD.
Now, here's Bruce Williams to tell you how you can get his practical advice.
Anytime you'd like it, in a handy and popular book.
How do I know I'm getting a good deal on a house?
Can I represent myself in court on the child support case? Am I overinsured? How can I market a product I invented?
Hi, this is Bruce Williams and I'm happy to say that there's now a collection of the questions people often ask me and some of the best answers in a book called America asks Bruce.
Careers, real estate cars, starting a business insurance.
Now, if you think you or someone you know would like this handy, fully indexed, easy reference book, here's how you order.
And of course, there's a money back guarantee.
I'll give you our special ordering number in just a moment.
Our listener price is just $12.95 plus postage in handling. Use your visa or master card.
Here's the number 1-800-688-7008.
Again, the toll free number is 1-800-688-7008. You can get through right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah that? All right let's go Oh,
Oh no, I can't deny it. Oh yeah, I think I'm gonna try it.
Call Dr. Golda and tell her to make up a mold.
I'm gonna be a centerfold.
It's gonna be a centerfold.
Tell Dr. Golda I wanna be a centerfold.
He wants to be a centerfold.
He wants to be a centerfold.
1251.
Oh no, oh yeah.
Hello Dr. Golda.
Make that change.
At WIOD we have an open line on the out of this world line 18944 WIOD.
This must be a New Year's release day at Rayford.
I see we have some people visiting in a control room.
And our number one bull shooter is in there with them too.
Here's a mobile in Dania.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes sir.
Yeah man, this is Joe from New York.
I have three questions.
Yes Joe.
Yeah.
One is James.
Joe turn that radio Joe Joe Joe listen to me will you please turn that goddamn radio down
in the back Joe.
Turn it off.
Okay, it's down.
Okay question number one.
Yes James still would still among the living.
Yes.
Okay, at least he thinks he is he's walking around.
Okay, second question.
Yes.
What do you think of the rectum as a whole?
Next question.
And the next question is what do you call a rabbi that joins the monastery?
Go back to New York Joe.
1252 at WIOD we have an open line in day at 7519463.
Here's the Bahamas, Ma'am.
Hey.
How you doing?
I.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
They look good.
What are you doing in the Bahamas getting ripped off like everybody else?
I'm an eye living.
You live there?
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, it sucks.
Bahamas is as puke inducing sir.
Hey look at you mentioned something about this best and the old tape.
Yeah.
How do you get one of those?
Call up 375-0763, charge it to your visa, master card and they'll mail it out to you,
just like magic.
Okay, now what's on it?
I mean, is this all the cards or what?
No, it's not all the cards.
It's a bunch of stuff like the bridge tender in the scooting lady and a bunch of crap, you know.
You speaking of crap, what do you call it?
The fart contest?
No, it's not on there.
Can you play that?
No.
Why not?
Because it's too long, man.
What?
When can you play it?
When can we play it when we're good and ready?
1253-00WIO-D, Kendall on the starline.
Hey, Leo, give us a.
How you doing?
I'm telling you to stay here.
Okay, calm down, calm down, take a doggie down or relax.
Oh, it is.
I've been waiting to wait.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, man, you ought to have a radio show on Waxi.
I don't know.
It's a deal.
What do they're out of business?
It's a deal from Davey, man.
Long time no speaking.
Yeah, what is it, Diego?
The deal from Davey.
Yeah.
I thought you long time ago.
Yeah, I know, I remember.
You do wing.
When what?
I was away for a while.
They put me a lift for a while.
I believe they did.
Arcadia.
How'd you like it over there?
Arcadia, no, bro.
Lake Butler correctional.
Same difference, same difference.
We got some of your pisons in here today as a matter of fact.
Look around, they must have known you were going to call to them.
You know, you know how it is.
They got me out for the holidays.
Hey, I was in driving school the other day.
A rich scientist was in my class using their boys.
You always have this trouble with your tongue with the Rs.
Huh?
Why, man?
I'm from New York.
Probably at Lake Butler.
You probably had a lot of experience rolling it.
I don't feel why.
I take my time out of my day of my holiday to call you.
See how you're doing.
Well, what do you want to say, Diego?
You're getting on my nerves.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, man.
How did we know that was coming?
1254 at WIOD.
We have two open lines today.
751.
You can just feel it building up to that.
You know what I'm saying?
And back at the Diego wherever you are.
What did they hit him put away?
We have an open line on the star line, star IOD.
Hollywood, when it's Todd Days.
Are you there?
Yeah, Neil.
OK.
First time caller.
Little too much pressure.
You sound just like Diego.
I'm sorry about that.
I just wanted to know.
Anybody speak at English out there today?
We got every all the rubber raft people today.
Let's try a little English for once.
Neil.
Yes.
I want to thank you for everything you do for Camila Sound.
Yeah.
You got all my stuff.
How long you been working on this phony accent?
No, no, no.
Listen to me.
I'm listening.
I have a little song that I want you to hear.
OK, well, go sing it to George.
Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
What a bunch of geeks we got today.
Yeah, yeah.
Are all getting ready for the big new years?
Number one, I'm currently on a bus that's going out of town.
Number one, I'm crazy enough to go to that cousin Rose's concert.
All right.
I've been row 30.
Great.
I'm going to be right in the middle of it.
But he get off on those tattoos.
Is that what does it for you?
Oh, no, I don't like that.
Good.
But he's a schmutz bag that guy.
You know, the music's OK, but who wants to see him?
Man, that's why I'm 30 rows back.
I won't see him down.
Good, good thinking.
You won't hear him either.
That'll be even better.
He's not, and I won't see him.
Right.
But number one, how do I like this?
I got a satellite dish back in November.
Yes.
And I'll tell you what, the first month or something,
I was ecstatic with it.
And lately, I've been saying, there's nothing on.
Oh, get out of town.
I'm serious.
What a million channels.
Well, there are times when that happens, but not very often.
It's rare, but I mean, after going through the house,
we'll get my wife to break down and dish out the money.
She doesn't want to hear me say.
Well, you must not be checking out the channels
where all the live feeds are, and all the people picking
their nose and that kind of stuff.
You have to be a little more adventurous.
Well, I do.
Sometimes I start at one end and just scan all the satellites.
Right.
That's fun.
Start at one end and work right to the other.
Yeah.
And you hook up with some funny stuff in between.
Right.
On the TV, too.
The page channels have been kind of weak lately.
I watched Godfather one again last night,
if you can believe that.
I've seen it 500 times, and it was on there on cinematics,
and I watched it again.
I can't believe I watched the whole damn thing again.
I like that, too.
I watched it last night also.
Yeah.
Once I start watching that, I see it.
I'm stuck on it.
It was just as good last night.
Although I think there were two less holes in
Sonny's body on the causeway than the first time.
They ran out of bullets.
Hey, you did a good number on that.
I cannot kill you, too, by the way.
What a geek.
Oh, man.
He needed that.
Yeah.
He did a good job.
Well, you have a great day, sir, and go twist your transistor.
Where you at?
Bye-bye.
Good luck to you.
1257 at WIOD on a day that I could have just as easily
stayed home in bed and had a great day.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami?
Once, twice?
Eric.
Yeah.
Eric.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
This is Brett.
Hey, Brett.
Hey, you don't know Eric, do you?
Huh?
I think Eric was just calling for.
No, no.
Hey, could you put a request for me?
Can I ask you a question?
Who are these losers that are standing in there?
They're looking in here like Frank and Stein
in the city.
Who are these people?
Hotel Sofitel.
You're what?
Hotel Sofitel.
Oh, from Hotel Sofitel.
Look, we learned to speak English.
Will you, sir?
Hey, Neil.
What is it?
Did you play the Sammy Smith?
Everybody around us today.
There are a bunch of foreigners for crying out loud.
God, will you think we were in Miami or something?
Can I play what?
The Sammy Smith, Pumbwa Chef, follow me.
Sambo, I just played it.
I didn't hear it.
You're get out of time.
I just played it.
You mean yesterday?
Oh, you mean the Tumblr thing?
Yeah, the Tumblr thing.
I thought you meant the other one.
Oh, hey, could you...
People are getting me very aggravated with these goddamn requests.
I'll turn to that right now.
I'm sorry.
Hey, can I call someone to do spam?
Quickly.
Flashy marks, a do spam, Carlos, and a call space to police to park.
Excellent call, sir.
Thanks a lot, buddy.
OK.
Hey, it's me, the PP guy.
All this month, the PP service stations
get a free Miami Dolphin Sammy Smith Tumblr with each fill up.
Here you go.
Yes.
Get the whole set of four.
The three.
The Sammy Smith Tumblr set available
with a fill up only at PK.
It's a nice set.
Look.
Oops.
And it's a like a location.
Sammy Smith himself will deliver your glass to you.
Here.
Nice.
Well, hold on to yours today.
You can.
Oops.
1259 at WI-O-D.
We have one open line.
It's on the out of the world line.
1-800-944.
WI-O-D.
We still have had no call from Mr. Finkelson,
or any of the other Schmendrix and Pompinopark
with that number.
I would love to add that to our criminal
sauce.
I was told because we make it nice and impressive
and get up to about $95,000.
But we don't have the damn number, Alan.
Will you people over there get on a stick for crime out loud?
What is wrong with you folks?
God.
Anyway, we got Chuck Meyer sitting in for the last day.
For Rick and Suds, we'll be back tomorrow,
life from the OB parade tomorrow.
Today it's Bill O'Reilly of Inside Edition
with all the sleeves that you can handle
and probably more than that.
Speaking of sleeves, Joe Zagaki, along with Sunny Hirsch
on Sports Talk tonight, 605,
live from the Sheraton-Bell Harbor,
Hank has another night off tonight.
He'd go out and panhandle, raise a little cash
for holidays tomorrow and Wednesday at ILEA.
The holiday bowl tonight, either at 710 or 8 o'clock,
take your pick, a biggie, Iowa, and BY and U.
This is how Florida's official station
of the 1991-1992 Orange Bowl.
News talk radio, 610 WI-O-D.
Miami Ford Waterdale and the Palm Beachers.
Good afternoon, I'm Dan Stewart,
in the 610 WI-O-D News Center, the temperature,
at 1 o'clock, 70 degrees from the WI-O-D Weather Center,
meteorologist Bob Soepert.
Plenty of sunshine today, tomorrow,
and even New Year's Day, complete forecast coming up.
We have a late-breaking story out of Fort Lauderdale
at this hour.
Details are pretty sketchy, but here is what we know
at the moment.
There was an apparent standoff situation going on now
between police and a gunman who's holed up
in a Fort Lauderdale liquor store.
Police believe there may be a hostage involved
in this situation as well.
It's happening at a liquor store along Los Alas Boulevard.
Greg Nuel, a charter boat operator nearby,
told WI-O-D News, he and a group of children
on board his boat, heard some of the gunfire.
Oh, we were saying, putting the boat down,
and we heard the spot.
And then all of a sudden, I ricocheted,
hit back to us, and then, peace of spragment,
and then, we went to the water and actually,
we were all at dock within inches of us.
And looked around, everybody was looking around,
what the heck is going on?
It sounded like a shot.
WI-O-D's Jennifer Rem is in root to that situation,
and we'll be keeping you posted throughout the afternoon
here on WI-O-D.
Other news this afternoon, police and bay root,
now say at least 15 people have been killed.
25 others wounded when a car bomb exploded
in a residential neighborhood this morning.
Four buildings were destroyed,
and 10 cars were reduced to piles of twisted metal,
the fourth car bomb explosion in bay root this year.
Two Americans killed as hostages in Lebanon,
or back in the United States today,
the bodies of Marine Corps Lieutenant William Higgins,
and CIA agent William Buckley,
were honored at Andrews Air Force Base this morning.
For Americans, the hostage taking simply reaffirmed
the importance of our resolve.
And we will hold those who bear responsibility
for these murders to account.
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney was joined by Vice President
Dan Quail at that memorial service this morning.
They've decided the nuclear issue,
but other weapons are still a problem.
Source says the former Soviet republics agreed today
to put the nuclear weapons under a single command,
but they could not agree on how to handle
the conventional forces.
Some life is being pumped back into the real estate market,
home sales in the southeastern United States were up.
11% last month for the second straight month in a row,
National Association of Retailers,
spokesman Walt Maloney says even better times
are still ahead as well.
We're now looking at interest rates at the lowest level
in about 18 years, so the fact that interest rates
are continuing to trail down,
where just one of the reasons we feel that sales
will be up 7% next year.
And recapping our top story at this hour,
we have a standoff situation going on at this moment
at a liquor store in Fort Lauderdale.
Apparently on Los Olas Boulevard,
a lone gunman has holed up there,
WIOD's Jennifer Rem is en route to that situation
and we'll be keeping you posted throughout the afternoon.
Now coming up on 103 at NewsTalk Radio 610, WIOD's
Skywatch 610 Traffic and Your Weather Center forecast
coming up.
History-making medical discoveries are generally
the result of years spending a laboratory.
A personal sacrifice is made in the name of science.
But today, if you suffer from arthritis,
you can make a medical discovery of your own.
The moment you try eucalyptiment ointment,
you'll discover the possibility of pain relief
without pills.
Now, without a pill, you can ease your stiff and sore joints.
And without a pill, you can get relief.
You see eucalyptiments unique formula penetrates fast
for deep arthritis pain relief.
It dilates tiny capillaries, increasing blood flow
with oxygen and nutrients,
and helps relieve pain around the joint.
Eucalyptiment is so effective, you may find yourself
depending on pills less and less.
Signed its way to lifetime to make a discovery
that may help millions, your discovery happens
the moment you try eucalyptiment.
Eucalyptiment ointment helps eliminate the pain.
And quite possibly the pain relief pill.
Look for eucalyptiment at Eckerd.
Use only as directed.
Now, Skywatch 610 Traffic with Mike Paxton.
And thank you, Dan, the Sub-Data Service
of Metroid Aid Solid Waste Management in Dave County
and accident eastbound on the William Lehman Causeway
approaching Collins Avenue.
Other accidents, Northbound 95 at 79th Street.
And one of the Okachoby Road ramps is Southbound Palmetto.
Now, in Broward and accident, Northbound 95,
North of Broward Boulevard.
And a vehicle fire still causing delays, Southbound 95,
South of Hillsboro Boulevard.
In Palm Beach County, several accidents on 95,
Northbound North of Boiton Beach Boulevard,
Southbound approaching hypoluxo road
that went with entries,
and the other one, Southbound South of Boiton Beach Boulevard.
Remember, you can't put grass and tree cuttings out
with your garbage anymore.
It's the law called MetroDate at 594-1500
for more information.
With replaying coverage, I'm Mike Paxton, Skywatch 610,
WIOD.
From the WIOD Weather Center meteorologist Bob Sober
calling for a few scattered clouds around this afternoon,
temperatures getting into the middle of the weapon 70s,
few clouds around tonight, with overnight lows
in the upper 50s.
105, the temperature in South Florida 70 degrees.
Next news update is at two bulletins at once.
I'm Dan Stewart for South Florida's
news traffic and weather station,
News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
What a job.
Paralagua, Paparilla.
News Talk Radio 610, WIOD presents
the Neil Rogers show.
To get in touch and talk with Neil Diles, 751, WIOD from day.
Inbrow, it's 524, WIOD.
Outside the 305 area code,
toll free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And Bell South mobility customers make a free call
by dialing star-IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest's
host or caller are not necessarily those of this station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610, WIOD.
It's the one to do our...
OK, we had a thing I was going to play there,
but I don't want to leave Alan on hold that long,
because then he'll start swearing on the ear again.
I apologize for that, but...
You ought to apologize for that.
People are talking about that from coast to coast
about that famous potty mouth, Alan J. Finkelson.
People are talking about Camilla's house
because of this raised track from coast to coast.
Right. And we're very proud that the total is 65, 67.
Wow.
And 57 cents.
You're knocking me and calling me names.
Always liked Alan a lot, you know?
I live, talk a gift house in them.
I can't believe me.
You're on the verge, you're starting to get them,
Tony, you're going to slip.
I wish all your people, especially the Camilla's house,
are happy and healthy new year.
And the same to you.
Now listen, when's the night is dark, right?
It's sir.
I just want to make sure about these things.
When's the night?
I just start, believe it or not, tomorrow night,
a dining room is sold out.
Really? Didn't sell my...
You didn't sell my table, did you?
Oh, your table is your table.
If you don't call me dirty names.
OK.
And Friday night, Neil,
the one, call the witnesses down there,
when you get down there,
the check will be presented to Camilla's house.
And Mrs. Rana is going to be there, right?
Mrs. Rana will make his way.
Make his way.
Great.
And it was great to manage and went with this
and we're proud what you do.
Well, leave it to one of our Michigan people
to come up with a real generous idea.
Leave it to a Michigan guy calling a war hero like me dirty name.
And leave it to Joe Pavey to win 100 races on Friday night.
What did he win?
Six or seven?
Six.
Six.
Great.
Just unbelievable.
What sure is, he's not from Michigan, he's from New York.
Well, we'll excuse him this time.
OK.
Thanks, Alan.
You're back.
Bye-bye.
So that's our new total now.
How do you like that?
$94,648 and $22.
Oh!
And we thank Meg Green for that odd change there at the end.
That's nice.
Almost 6,600 from the people's thing.
The Camilla's house pays to sixth race on Friday at Pompedo Park.
And we thank the horsemen especially.
I mean, you know, we can thank Harold Duris
and John Cashman and Alan and boost up their egos
and it was nice on their part.
But the horsemen, you know, times are tough.
And they still afforded that entire purse.
And we're kind enough to help us out.
We appreciate it.
Almost 95,000.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Damn, he's going to give you an opportunity.
I was born here making...
I'm going to get you.
You like that, right off the bat, right?
Just the way you said that.
Well, here's the situation.
I'm my Olivia.
I live.
What are you going to do?
Write me a check for about 2 million and see if I'll
quit my job.
Let's try it.
Let's go cash it first and then see what happens.
Well, I judge your performance here in the next few minutes.
You just make it.
Listen, we...
I've been to Madagascar.
It's born here, but don't live here.
I've lived here in 43 years.
Where are you from?
Well, I was born here in the North America Beach,
but I grew up in New York, Central New York.
And now I'm doing something...
Well, wait a minute.
What is Central New York?
Oh, it's Central.
Well, don't say Central New York.
Upstate New York.
I'm from Rochester.
You're from Syracuse.
That's right.
Well, Rochester, we almost call you a Canadian over there.
Yeah, right.
Well, listen.
I got news for you.
We got more class in one block of Rochester than Syracuse and General Electric has in that
hole.
I don't want to get into it.
Well, that's quite a rough one.
I don't want to start looking down my nose at Syracuse.
No, you're...
I mean, you guys got a good basketball team.
The best one that money can buy in a geeky looking basketball coach.
That's true.
You're evidence of the fact that the brainwashing Rochester has worked very well.
So, there's no problem.
Right.
That's true.
I quite a little know how your show works.
I do listen.
We went to the car.
We put it on the AEM and a few stations in the FEM.
But let me cover a couple of things.
And you said, what the hell kind of a show is this?
Well, I have to exact...
Well, you know, I'm used to...
I'm following you.
And I'm in the business and I know I've been in Knoxville, Tennessee.
And I've got a big business up there.
And I'm in broadcasting.
But so I...
You're in broadcasting?
Yeah, what I have is...
I'm not going to get into it now.
I was interested in your travel reporter.
I've got a network of radio stations that you've been in.
We provide travel reports for it.
And so, anyway, we won't get into that now.
I've got a couple of things I want to talk about.
Well, we could use you.
Even if you're giving them for up there, they'd be more accurate
than the ones we get for down here.
These guys are a disaster.
If they're more on...
Stop it, not bad.
They are that bad.
This is going to be the most expensive phone call you've ever got.
I'm going to go ahead.
It's well worth it, believe me.
Well, let's see how judge it after I see how you do here.
Couple of good stuff.
Let's cover a couple of things.
Listen, let's talk about a couple of things.
Here's a guy Big Shot from Knoxville, Tennessee.
He's going to judge me on how I do on his phone call.
Go ahead, sir.
I better be careful.
He sounds like he's got a few bucks.
Go ahead.
I know, bro.
Listen, number one, let's talk about satellite quickly.
Okay.
If you want to enjoy satellite, you've got to have KU.
I don't have KU.
You've got to have KU?
You're missing out.
What am I missing?
You're missing incredible sports.
I don't want to see Tom Broke off.
Pick his nose.
Well, he doesn't anymore.
He's got a personal picker now.
Yeah.
And Rather does.
Dan Rather has somebody like picks every part of his body.
He's got to have KU.
Because KU knows it's snowballed.
They've got about 10 or 15 good satellites.
And a lot of pieces.
Matter-backed or moving.
You're either scrambling or moving KU.
You've got to have KU.
If you don't have KU, you're losing out.
I'll get KU just to make you happy.
That's quite...
Call me and make sure you're confirmed.
Number two, Bahamas.
Yeah, you know.
There was some negative thing about the Bahamas.
I don't know.
Some negative thing.
Can I sum it up for you?
No, that's not really.
We go to Bahamas.
We stayed at the Carnival Place.
Crystal City treat us pretty well.
We haven't had the Pritz there in the casino.
Yeah, now I can shoot him if I had a doozy.
But other than that, they're pretty good people.
Sir, rip off, pala, sir.
If we had gambling here,
this community would be the paradise of the entire globe.
They'd be flocking in here with big bucks.
Instead of just flocking in here on rubber rafts,
we'd have some real money.
The economy would be great and we'd be doing it.
Well, that's true.
There's an argument there.
There's a bunch of yolls.
It's the right politicians and who's fault of that?
ours.
Exactly.
Nias, but not least.
Yes.
Every time I come to Miami,
my parents brought me here back when we were children.
Every year, I've got to learn more Spanish.
See.
My English does me less good.
Yeah.
A little frustrating.
I've put down anybody.
But if you could, you know,
come up to beautiful Broward County where I live,
sir, we actually have five people up there.
We're still speaking English.
Yeah, I saw that.
I saw there was a sign that said,
there was a sign that said you need to learn.
I speak English, unfortunately, was written Spanish.
Right.
Well, listen, that's all I got.
That's the better.
Now, do you have any questions?
Do I have any questions?
Do you have any questions?
Yes.
What are you going to say goodbye?
Well, I think you've done a pretty good job.
Okay.
How would you rate this call on a scale of one to ten?
You've been pretty good as a matter of fact,
the bedroom and cellular going dead next time around.
Before we leave,
around the next trip back,
we'll give you a call.
Give me an update.
I'll do that.
Have a great life.
You're a good boy.
Okay.
And send all that money in a brown on Mark bag.
Okay.
12 minutes after one at WIOD.
We have an open line of date.
How come when he called?
I had a feeling he was in broadcasting.
Yes.
He had something to do with his business.
They all put on that little phone a year.
He's a good guy though,
because I think he's got a few bucks.
Hey, you know,
I'd be delighted to tell you about that brand new melting pot.
Here it is almost new year.
And they were going to be open like days ago for the holidays,
et cetera, et cetera.
Here is another example of where Steve Paris is going to come in
and blame somebody else for his own being a bull shooter.
I have to be real careful on that.
Okay.
He is.
He's a bull shooter.
He gives you more garbage,
man in 30 seconds than the entire Broward County Sanitation Department
collection five years.
Talks a great game.
We're supposed to know about that brand new melting pot.
If it's open right now at 6290 North Federal Highway and Fort Lauderdale
and they prestigious promenade plaza.
It's going to be the biggest,
the most beautiful pot of them all.
But in the meantime,
you can enjoy that delicious fondue,
including that new cage and cheese fondue with shrimp.
That's the best item on the menu,
even better than the chocolate fondue desserts.
And that's saying a lot.
That should give you an idea of just how orgasmic that is.
You'll find the pot in Kendall on sunset in North Miami Beach,
3143 Northeast, 163rd.
And Coral Springs right off the corner West Sample Road and Coral Springs Drive.
And in Boca at 5499 North Federal Highway,
take all your family and visitors and pains in the ass suggests.
For a fantastic fondue feast during these holidays,
spend a few hours one evening at the pot.
Here's your chance to see America's most promising figure skating town.
The top metal prospects for the 92 Winter Olympics.
It's the United States Figure Skating Association's premier figure skating event.
1992 US Figure Skating Championships presented by Nutris Wave.
All the beauty and grace of championship figure skating
comes to Orlando and January.
Athletics skill and artistry come together on ice.
As the nation's best ice skaters meet in the last competition
before the Winter Olympic Games and Albertville France.
See exciting figure skating January 7 through the 12th at New Orlando Arena.
1992 US Figure Skating Championships presented by Nutris Wave.
Preserve your tickets now at any ticket master outlet called 407-839-3900.
That's 407-839-3900.
Don't miss this rare opportunity to experience the unique and exciting sport
of competitive figure skating.
And remember, someone you see may go on to win an Olympic gold medal call now.
This Saturday history will be made at highly a park in the 1992 Flamingo Stakes.
These superhors, pistols and roses, winner of the Bahamas and Everglades go after the Flamingo Stakes.
See him become highly his first derpy bonus winner and early favorite for the Kentucky Derby.
See the $300,000 Flamingo Stakes on Flamingo Day.
Saturday at the New Highly a Park and Race Cores.
It's a celebration of sport and entertainment with a special appearance by Willie Chirino,
Miami's favorite pop Latin entertainer in concert.
It's history in the making.
Saturday as pistols and roses fit to become racing's new champion.
It's Flamingo Day, a celebration of sport and entertainment.
Come early, gates open 10 o'clock and 12 exciting races begin at noon.
Here Willie Chirino in concert at 130 and see the crowning of another champion
in the 1992 Flamingo Stakes.
All at the New Highly a Park and Race Cores.
Saturday Flamingo Day.
116 at WIOD and let's right now go to our WIOD new center for a new flash.
Okay, thank you Roger. Good afternoon. This is Dan Stewart and the 16th.
Neil. Okay, Dan.
What's up WIOD new center?
We just want to take a moment of your time bringing up today quickly with a hostage situation.
We've got going at a liquor store in Fort Lauderdale.
More specifically the Plaza liquor store and the 2900 block of East Las Olas Boulevard.
The situation began a little bit before 1 o'clock and it continues to unfold.
Greg Nuel has been watching the whole situation from where he is.
Yeah, he said by the head he's got white pants, white T-shirt, he's backing up.
Everybody's turning around.
He's got race here.
He's backing towards the cops.
I guess they and they were all are they he's backing towards the cops now.
He hit the fence.
Now he's leaning against the fence.
There's a police down there.
He's home over with one foot over the other foot over.
He has behind his head and he's backing up to the lips.
He's backing up to the house.
Two feet there. The cop grabbed them.
They've got him.
Greg Nuel watching that situation, unfolding of course.
The area has been cordoned off.
WYOD's Jennifer Rem is in route and we will of course be keeping you posted throughout the afternoon.
I'm Dan Stewart WYOD News.
Thanks a lot, Sam.
It's so 117 at WYOD.
What are your name is?
Bad beard, too, by the way.
Okay, I hope Jennifer doesn't get all breathless by the time she gets there.
You know, because you know how Jennifer starts out real common.
I think it's real breathless.
