Great day. This is going to be how you can just feel it. Spence is out there. The birds are dropping a gigantic load all over the
cars in a lot. It's going to be tremendous. Sincational. The mosquitoes are the size of Maine, the state of Maine.
I killed a mosquito last night. I swear to you, it had to be the size of 15 like regular little puny mosquitoes, just incredible.
But we don't want to talk about that. Do we? Of course not. We don't want to talk about the incredible goings on here at WIOD,
where everybody is losing it. Can we open up while you're there, Roger? Just flip open those blinds, because I don't want to miss anything.
We might get, we might have some brawls out there in the hallway today, okay? They're going nuts. And I love it.
I mean, I'm the kind of guy who just likes, you know, coming every day and everything goes along quietly, but, but having been in the
business for over 30 years, I know that's an unrealistic, unrealistic expectation. So if you're not going to have that, you might as well at least have some
fisticuffs, some insanity and screaming and then it's just amazing, just incredible what goes on here. Yesterday, one of the people, we have all these people that wander around in the hallway.
There was a guy from Arbatron in Atlanta who waited around yesterday to meet me. Just loves this show.
I hope he's still in town. I hope you're listening right now, sir, because I said the same thing to your face that I'm going to say on here, full of crap.
And he admitted it. I said, you people don't know how to, how to survey this market. He said, you know what? You're right.
They haven't got a clue. None zero.
And he was going on talking about, well, the next trend's going to be a lot better. I said, better be.
And he didn't know what I meant by that, but they haven't got any idea what's going on here. But why should they be any different for anybody else?
Mindy frumcus leaves out 105 ending the Mindy and Molo eras is one Carlos Cotex in the Miami Herald this morning.
One Carlos Cotex wouldn't know a radio if they inserted it in his public.
He writes, for example, during the first year of the Mindy and Molo era, hot 105 was on top of South Florida radio ratings,
but ranked sixth in the spring rating survey behind Power 96 and 99 jams.
Sixth in what spring radio rating survey? There is no spring radio. Sir, the spring book is still like only a month.
We have one trend from it. The spring book won't be on for almost two months. One.
He ought to work in our sales department.
Because he had got a clue. None.
I don't know. I'm kind of twang with the idea. I was going to mention this on here, but I was called into a meeting yesterday afternoon at two o'clock.
In a perfectly good frame of mind, leaving this building as I usually do within 30 seconds after the little hand it's the big hand.
With our general sales mangler.
And one of the reasons I tell this story is because I think it can be a valuable lesson to everybody out there in the world, not just in radio land,
but who works for slime balls and geeks, which is most management people at all levels.
And since we have had some serious consternation here recently, not just affecting me or this program, but our entire operation, there have been some certain things that I've said, which resulted in a meeting with our sales people, which is forthcoming Monday morning at 8 a.m. in this building.
However, prior to that meeting taking place, I guess it was decided by certain powers that be in this building that it's time to use the Cox Broadcasting Technique 102 of take the asshole and put him on the defensive and blame him for the loss of the game.
And I said, I'm going to have to take the whole thing for everything so we don't have to take any heat.
Even though we're incompetent, we got no idea what's going on.
And I looked this man straight in the face and I said, do you really think I'm going to sit here and listen to this crap?
Do you think that I'm a child or an adult?
Do you really believe that this is going to be effective? I had a stroke just over a year ago.
And there's one thing important to me and that staying alive is the Bee Gees would say, I'm not interested in playing games with people.
I'm not interested in a horsecraft.
You know, when I dog, the little dog, the big one don't do it because he can't cover it up because it's too, he just makes too big of a pile.
But when a little dog, I guess most like terriers and little dogs do this, they go in the yard and they make a little pile back there, a little deposit.
And they run about 10, 15 feet away from it.
And then they kick their back legs into the dirt like they're covering it up.
And you know what? It never works. It never covers it up. It don't even come close.
Stale's people are assholes.
I'll get to Richard Salis' latest piece in New Times, by the way, there's a new letter to the editor in this week's edition, which is really.
And I know you're out there listening, big baby. By the way, there's another guy named Richard, so we can add him to our Dick of the Month Club.
Getting back, though, to my point, my little lesson in life for everybody out there in radio length, because let's face it, most of us do work for other people.
If you're one of those folks who has your own business or your own hot dog stand, I say hats off to you. Hallelujah.
You probably live at least 20 years longer than the rest of us.
But one of the things that happens when you work us, and the interesting part of it is, when you work for corporations, the bigger they are, the more the bureaucratic crap, okay?
And the greater the chain of commands, so we have all these meaningless people in between the top and the bottom to try to act as buffers.
Buffers zones. We have more chiefs than the Seminole Indian Reservation here.
No Indians, but all chiefs. Everybody has a title.
Now getting to New Times, the Neil thing revisited, this means, Wart, it says, is the headline.
Regarding Susan Cole's response, letters May 29 to my letter from last month, I thought I'd better come forth, says Richard Salas, dick from Miami Lakes, who it turns out as we read this letter, maybe like he may be an elementary school for all we know.
Confession number, well boy, do know, is he's listening. Confession number one, I did not write the letter to rip into Susan, but rather I saw a good chance to rile up Neil, which is actually pretty entertaining.
Confession number two, I will admit, to listening to the Neil Rogers show more than I should.
However, given the sad state of the radio airwaves in this town, i.e. teeny-bop dance music, vulgar rap, angry anti-castor rhetoric, oldies on AM, etc.
I don't believe Neil is the entire problem, he says.
I've been crushing my dial left and right AM and FM for a while now I find plenty of garbage.
Confession number three, I was reprimanded by several people in school and at work in school.
Is that like pre-kindergarten, which school is that, and what grade is it?
And at work for referring to them as simple-minded lethargic J6 packs, well I guess I must have overstated the number of Gilbert's living in South Florida.
To astonishing the constant references to me and the people on this show and the people who have been on this show and who called this show and are part of this show,
he goes on, Dick does, saying, don't get me wrong, I'm not going to retract my entire letter.
Neil is still a snot-faced wart feeding off the flesh of this community.
Give us somebody cool like Howard Stern.
Better yet, let's get WFTL to expand their signal into dates so we can get Steve Kane and Rick Ciderman.
I can't think of anybody cooler than Steve Kane and Rick Ciderman quite frankly, and the fact that anybody would put Howard Stern in the same breath with Rick Ciderman indicates that we're dealing with a pre-pubescent child who knows nothing about broadcasting or entertainment and probably should be working in management at WIOD.
Richard Salas, old Dick and Miami Lake strikes back again. At a boy Dick, I hope you have a great day and I hope when you graduate, probably pretty soon he's graduating right moving out of junior high.
Neil, I'm the guy you love to rip on. I'm I'm his own Scotty Mac.
1026 at WIOD, all the celebrities all the time, that's our motto here at WIOD. In fact, Dave Graveline made the marquee out there.
I almost smashed into Channel 7 coming to work this morning, I couldn't believe it, I almost did wheelies out there in the parking lot, I just went nuts.
Dave Graveline, a new hostess, host of We Can Magazine on Saturday morning.
And being the friendly type that he is, he brought me in my own solo flex calendar for 1991.
It looks very wrinkled and a couple of the pages are sticking together, but I appreciate it very much Dave.
I want to tell you, I have got something in my hand right now, no not that. Well, that's pretty funny too.
But anyway, this Disney just handed me a picture.
If we had TV, I'm telling you. Here's a picture from 19. It doesn't say the year, but it's got to be 70,
around in there somewhere, or no, it's before that because it was on doing overnight, it's one to 6 a.m.
Larry the King.
When they show the old Donnie Hughes and you see that long sideburns, that gigantic amount of hair looks like a wig like Custom Proofsy's wig.
This picture is just incredible. Now, this has got to be from the 60s, I guess.
The guest list of famous names who have faced Larry King across the WIOD microphone on
Mondays through Saturdays, 1-6am, sounds like a copy of who's who?
Show business, greats, politicians, sports, figures, top business executives, people from
all over the world in all walks of life, bend over and let Larry kiss it.
Larry has proven to all these individuals he's an articulate master of conversation and
butt sucking.
His informal easy manner makes even the most tight-lipped, open-up spontaneously.
The result is a highly entertaining show that is the talk of Miami.
Oh, if we just had TV, man, you think Howard's got bad hair.
This is the most incredible thing I have ever seen in my life.
Now how come I can't find?
Every time you want something, oh here it is, way down on the bottom.
Nice hairdo, Larry, you look fantastic, you're just incredible, Larry.
And then to do it that.
1040 at WIOD, I want to thank Sonny for our salad day, that's all we need to say, we don't
have to make a big soap proper and a project about that, let's try to act like adults, okay?
Let's try to be adults and stopping such juvenile, let's grow up a little bit in this country
and in this radio station and in this audience too.
Here's a, well I don't know what to do now, we got a moment, now you're not going to go
away, are you?
Now?
You're holding on one second.
Sure.
Okay, because I have a mobile in Kendall on their dime.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, I just wanted to say thank you for being Frank and very straight to the point.
On everything you've talked about on this radio station, I've got to wear out on you and
turn it on so you come on at 10.
But thanks a lot for that, appreciate it.
And that's what the fucking thing is.
Well thank you very much sir for your tremendous advice.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
See ya.
Sorry to be in the spurgas.
Boy, he's put a lot of the spurgas, I love the spurgas.
Here's a lady in Viral Beach.
Hi Neil.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing fat, fat, fat, fantastic.
Well I'm really glad to hear that.
Have my great salad here from Sonny's market.
I feel a full of piss and vinegar.
Does the management really get mad when you mention Sonny's place because the advertisement
didn't get any money from him?
Let me say this to you, okay?
I don't care what management gets upset about if when it's pittly little things.
I mean I can understand if they get upset when you do something because none of us is perfect
and I've done things that I've regretted another few.
When you're talking spontaneously, 20 hours a week there are things that come out that
maybe you could have said better or not said at all.
But the fact of the matter is that Sonny sends the puny little salad over here every day.
We don't go through a big song and advance about it.
Flora sends food over here every day and that said it's not a big deal.
And if it is a big deal, we can have another executive meeting about that and spend a
couple of hours screaming at each other about Sonny's salad and about his white hair.
We can call in the sisters to come down from wherever they live and the board of directors
from Cox Enterprises and we can have a big meeting about Sonny's market and whether or
not we should talk about Sonny unless he spends $50 million a day on a radio station.
Okay.
I don't know what all the controversy is.
I mean we talk about Spencer who's out there washing everybody's car right now and giving
all kinds of free publicity.
I don't see Spencer spending all money on his radio station or should he have to?
Your hostile meal.
No.
But am I right?
Yeah, you are right.
Okay.
Well, it's not a question of being a host or it's a question of standing up for your
right, standing up and being counted.
The problem in this world is most people are whims.
Wouldn't you agree with that?
Yes, I'm trying to pull words in your mouth but it's pretty obvious.
Most people are whims.
You know, yesterday I turned on just before you signed off and you had Rick on with you
for a while and you know, I've been listening to you for a while and up here in Viral Beach
where sometimes we get great reception and sometimes we don't but the show is good enough
that you know you tune in.
Now you make an effort which is a tremendous tribute to your excellent taste.
And you know, I might not be in your market so your people don't care what I think, although
I do by snapple.
Well, I care what you think.
And to hell with what they care about, I care a lot about what you think.
I listen to people calling you from Georgia that get you on top of a mountain.
In Dree.
I go into a convenience store or I go in to get some gas and I hear you on the radio station
there and I mean, we're far away from you.
So I just wonder if your management or the office realizes what they have.
You know, I'm from Boston originally and I've used to listen to the radio up there,
but I've never seen the following that you and Rick and Sud get.
That is correct.
I think that maybe they don't know what they've got.
Well, I'm certainly going to tell our sales department that on Monday morning they haven't
got any clue what they've gotten or they have any idea how to sell it or market it or
posture it or present it.
They haven't got the foggiest idea.
Well, you know, perhaps pay a little more attention to what's going on here and be a little
more involved and a little more have a little more communication.
This station should own AM in this market, not that we don't.
I mean, we do, you know, we bury everybody else, but we should be like 50 miles ahead looking
back over our shoulder laughing.
I think it should be syndicated.
Yes, that's man.
But I felt bad yesterday, you know, I turned on to get through the day and when I'm driving
my business and I turn on the radio and here's Rick and Sud who are totally negged out
because the management, which I thought was a poor management decision.
I don't know what it's all about, but to call these two people in 20 minutes before they
go on the air and have a CES meeting and totally negative out.
When did that happen?
Well, yesterday.
You did?
Well, you could tell something had happened because, you know, Sud didn't want to talk and
Rick didn't want to be there and it's not their fault.
No, I'm not sure, but I think they had to do with some of the self-wood sales that's
going on where they get all these different things foisted on them at the last second.
Well, let me ask them something.
They know nothing about how would you like it?
I don't know what you do if you're housewife, if you work, but how would you like it?
Let's say you're a secretary, okay?
Uh-huh.
And now you're sitting at your typewriter at your desk and I come to you when I say at
4 o'clock or 4.30 when you get off today, you've got a drive from Viral to Jacksonville
and you're going to do a 72 hour appearance there standing on the top of a TV tower hanging
by your thumb, Stark naked.
Wouldn't you say to yourself, well, wait a minute, at least if I have to do this, why
didn't you tell me like a couple of days ahead?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I've blessed the life.
Psycho at poor George comes in here sitting down with his mind all year to getting out
of here at 2 o'clock and going home and taking care of his kid and his lovely wife and
living his life and all of a sudden, at the last minute, oh, by the way, Marvin's going
to go out and stand on the corner naked up in sunrise today and you've got a city
who'll six o'clock cooling your heels because you're just a dummy and a peon.
I think it requires just a little more organization and a little more, you know, see the thing
that bothers me is, are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Oh, the thing that bothers me is I'm not one of these people that asks for unreasonable
things.
Like when I say the Mike Corden here that's been sitting since the day I came here for
2 1.5 years, it's got a shorten, it keeps cutting in and out on the year and it sounds
like we're in Ocalor radio station when that happens.
Couldn't we get like a new long Mike Corden here that would cost you maybe like $7.98
that came out or at the Brands Martyrs and oh my God, what an area goes again.
He's starting in again.
He's equiting.
I mean, you know, can't we discuss these things intelligently like adults and solve the
little a threes of our everyday lives and the answer in this business is no because they're
just trained to be defensive and psychotic and hostile and why?
Why is it necessary?
Why can't you say there's a little problem here?
Let's see if we can do this straightened out.
Well, I think now let's have a blood bath and toss the things across the desk back and
forth and call each other names and take 20 years of each other's lives.
Why not just to deal with the problem intelligently like mature adults which we wish we were?
I think if you move to a different station that everybody would follow you then.
They're all the same.
And believe me, this is the far be it for me, but this is the best of them all.
Okay, I really is.
I hate to say that, but it is.
I mean at INZ it was strictly a case of mommy.
But I'll take the break when I'm going to take the break, George.
Don't be looking at your watch unless you want to stay here tonight.
I have to go.
I guess they don't like me calling and talking about it.
No, I got to take a break.
Oh, all right.
What do you mean they?
Who's they?
You think the management is standing outside the windows and get her off?
Get her off.
They don't tell me what to say here when they start doing that, boys.
The day that I walk right downstairs to get my check so I can come in tomorrow.
Well, I wish you luck.
I'll call you again and be good.
You hang in there.
I'll see you in Jacksonville on the tower.
Okay.
See you later.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
You know, this is incredible.
This is amazing.
I'm so glad she called this morning.
One of the first things I rushed to look at in my paper in the Sunsendle in the sports
section to see if we have an article about the getting the baseball team.
And if you look under the depressing National League standings, there's this article, Sunsendle
Wire Services.
And I'll expansion cities, graded report cards next week is the headline.
And it says the National League expansion committee will reveal its recommendation to
other owners next Wednesday just before the major league vote on the two new teams.
Philadelphia Phillies president Bill Giles.
Giles wanted the expansion committees.
Four members said Tuesday the recommendation will be made by Bup Bup.
Things have been changing kind of rapidly in the last two weeks.
Giles said we're not 100% sure who we're going to recommend, but we were almost there.
We have still not made our final determination.
Okay.
That's in the Sunsendle.
In the article here that she just alerted me to under front page of the herald, Miami's
bid for a major league baseball team is the number one choice of the National League expansion
committee, which has already passed along its recommendation to Commissioner Fave Vincent,
it says.
And then later in the same article, it says Phillies owner Bill Giles joined on the committee
by a so and so and so and so.
And then we move to another page here, page 19.
Where the hell is page 19?
The same.
Said Tuesday that committee members have told Vincent which cities they favor.
Giles refused to name the cities.
Okay.
So they're quoting the same person.
And one paper says he says they haven't decided yet and things are changing rapidly.
And the herald, which in this particular case finally knows what's going on, says they've
already selected their cities, which ones they favor and they've already passed along
to Bill White and to Commissioner Fave Vincent.
So it just goes to show it's like a one code Texas article in a herald about Mindy and
Molo and about how they were number six in a spring book and a spring book and even
it's not even over yet.
We're still in the spring book.
Don't come out to like July.
Oh God, a world is full of crap.
Let's go to a call from a real city since an addy ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, Neil, let's go red.
Well, let's get started.
Boy, last night was pretty depressing, pretty oblique.
Wow.
13 strikeouts by Conehead.
Conehead.
David Cone.
Anyway, listen, I do.
You know who David Cone is, sir?
David Cone, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he pits for the meds last night and beat your ass forwarded two and struck out 13 in the
process.
Hey, it happens.
Yeah.
Stuff happens.
Last I heard, Tampa St.
People is going to get the NL East team.
No, no, no, they're out.
Denver and Miami.
Denver.
I want to hear from a real source.
Why is that?
Because Wayne has angered a multi-millionaire who's got the money to pay cash to the National
League and write a check for $95 million in addition to which we have a stadium which is
completely finished and renovated for baseball.
And their stadium over there needs like $30 to $50 million more work and they don't have
the cash on the barrel head.
That's why.
But Robbie Stadium, last time I heard, needed like $10 million in running.
Robbie Stadium is completely, where have you been, sir?
Are you like in a way for a long time?
Robbie Stadium is completely renovated.
It's all done.
It's a done deal.
They played two exhibition games here a couple of months ago.
It's done.
They packed the place.
It's fantastic.
We're ready to rock it roll, sir.
It's done.
We got it.
The Marlins.
All right.
So the cups are coming down there.
Yes, sir.
And the reds.
And the reds.
And the Astros.
And the braves.
Oh, that'll be exciting.
All right.
Now on the flip side, what about the Indians?
Where are they?
Where are they going to go?
To hell.
Thanks.
The Indians are in the American League.
Do you know anything about baseball, sir?
The Indians aren't even in the National League.
I know they're not.
So then what are you asking me that for?
All right.
So you're saying the Indians are going to Tampa St. Pete.
Yeah.
Right.
And who's on second?
And what's on first?
Right.
Have a nice life.
That's a two and two days, isn't it?
We had some idiot from out of town the other day from Atlanta or somewhere and we get
this jerk off from a Cincinnati there on the phone.
Gun on.
Was that our dime?
We paid for that?
Oh, no.
Now I know where they're upset.
So my stuff is classic topical kind of talk radio.
The other half of the stuff is just nonsense.
But what was that?
It sounded like a familiar voice.
They're very, very serial and I'm sorry to say.
They're very, very serial and I'm sorry to say.
Well, I'm the new writer.
I'm the new writer.
I'm the new writer.
Oh, hmm.
Orts, dude.
Doesn't look good.
I am depressed now.
That's why I am depressed now.
I used to be big in my any talk radio at once.
Well, I they're gone.
I know you think you're being funny, but you're not far from wrong.
Yeah.
I love when colors do that.
Oh, yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, here we go.
What is wrong?
Oh, what?
Last show.
Last break.
Three, three, two, one.
Three, three, two, one.
It, it, it.
Hi, I'm the new writer.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, I'm Karen.
Hi, that's going to be the worst one.
I got to get a new one that's.
See, that name is going hey, at the end of that one.
Let's get some runs.
He should have said that, like in the first inning last night.
Maybe gotten through them.
Wouldn't have helped.
1127, a WIOD, the Marlins.
Look at Phil Costinboy.
His head is all the way up like a neon sign.
He's ready to rock and roll up there, man.
81 home games.
times. They'll have to wheel us out of that standing by the end of the season man will
always 600 pounds. God almighty. Henry will be in a prone position all day and all
night. Oh, speak of the devil man. He's looking for you're not allowed in there Henry.
Where's that old Larry King picture by the way boy you'd love to. Did you see it? Oh,
God. Oh man, making the Larry King picture pale into insignificant spoil. We must be
cleaning out the attic getting the cobwebs all cleared out of this joint. Henry has a
picture of his very self from about 1806. That is incredible. That's just. Oh man, I got
to see that up close in person. Let me take a look at that. Wow. Man. God, it looks like
he just drank four gallons of grandma boon with that spit-eat-and-smile on his face. Look
at that. And that's slipped back here. But at least it's a little dark. That's incredible.
What was that? What 18 what 82 86 borrower 70 something 18 70 something not too far after
the Civil War. Well, I'll tell you did you see the other one? The one that's on here.
Larry with a haircut. Take a look at that. Oh, yeah. What year was that? 60s. That was
like 18 60 71. Yeah. What he was doing at all. Oh, before Dick Gerstin nailed him. Okay,
it's 11 29 at the IOD. That's terrible. I shouldn't have said that. I love that thing at the
bottom about how he kissed everybody's butt and they all have been on the show. Well, at
the same time he had that, I had a goatee and long hair. Oh, yeah. That was those got some
of those pictures. Great. And then to do it that. Okay. He says that about everything.
He likes to cover up that panace. I can't imagine one. My any beach. Yeah. Hello, Neil. How
are you? I'm doing okay. I saw this Larry King show last night. It was the most horrendous
thing. But I was up there. I don't want to do it that. Yeah, it was the worst guy with
a like holding his face. Did you see that? Oh, Larry. Yeah. Or James Woods. Both of them.
Anyhow, I'm calling to say I'm a met fan. I'm from New York. God wasn't a Mormon. Was he?
No, I think it was a male man. It's something exploded on him. Okay. And anyhow, I'm going
to New York on Saturday. I'm a met fan. I'm going to do it there. Yeah. Okay. And I called
you in like September when the dolphins were going to play the Giants. Yeah. And we had one
like two games in a row. I said, no way. No way. You know, are you going to beat the Giants?
Well, anyhow, to make a long story short, you know what happened in Tampa. But after the year,
I became an actual dolphins. They went to a couple games. Really? Yeah. About that. I saw the,
the, who those team? The Phoenix Cardinals? The Phoenix Cardinals. That was a good game. Yeah,
it was all right. It was all right. But Danny Moreno won with Hank tonight. 8 to 11 folks.
Oh, yeah? 13. Yep. I won. They don't make him any better than Dan Moreno. So I'll tell you that
right now. I'm better than Dan Moreno. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, Neil. See you.
I'll see you. The story that rocked on beach in the world. Uncle Tad did throw on some boxer
shorts. Let's cruise a bar and rage with some babes. Excellent. Our money. Women. Dan Poonte.
Uncle Tad did let's use our ends of his last name to impress these babes and do the wild thing
in the compound. No way, Bill. Yes, Wayne, Dad. Excellent. They're rich, they're powerful. They like
to swim naked. Well, you're going to be smith and tend to be in Bill and his X for the venture.
Our two the next genitalia. Excellent. Coming soon to a due to the U for your X for
excellent. And now for the fucking. Hello, Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. I was in
Las Vegas last week. Yes, sir. To get to see his palace and enjoy myself up there. Yeah.
And I was at the place that you're mentioning as far as that Chinese food. I was at the golden
nugget, I believe. No, I didn't mention some callers. I'd never been there.
I was down in it closed it up. Hmm. That's probably why they made it a pizza, which is not making
nothing. They made it a pizza. Right. There's a piece of place now and they're really going down
the drain going down. No, that's where it goes. But when they were making money, they close it down.
But I can't imagine why people would want to come down here and plunge their money when there's
nothing here. Plunge their money on what? I used to work at the track mode of pomodernite plunge my
money on a quarter horses and those two gray races with Jack Moisea from the metal lands. But other
than that, I would certainly work on Miami Beach. And I can't believe people are coming there and
it's nothing. This isn't herving, is it? No. Okay. And I'm very familiar to me.
I like to voice them talk radio. Well, I know what you're saying. Like I've been there and
done one in one year. I'm going to be going down Las Vegas and moving there. Where's it? So
you're going down to Las Vegas? Right. But I'm going to retire a cab driver. Well, that's good. Great
great choice. But like I said, it's really nothing down here. It wouldn't tie us to people. Yeah.
As far as gambling is just not going to happen. Well, they got a real good Wendy's out there too,
by the way. It's 1143 at WIOD. Don't put him on again. We have an open line in
day. It's almost like talking to Harvey of Miami Beach, formerly Harvey from Kindle. I think Richard
Salis is really Harvey from Kindle and Drag, if you asked me. Let's go to Opalaka. Hello. Good
afternoon. Yes, sir. Good evening. Whatever. How are you doing, sir? Pretty good. Radio
spy report management strikes again over at Y100. What? They came out with a memo of what the
guys would do and not do what they eat, what they'd say, how they'd say it, dress code. Oh, man.
Are you serious? Who the hell do these people think they are? They read it on the air and then they
played something and then they didn't come back. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Well,
they they walked like 20 minutes ago. Who are we to? Who is the they? Not the morning guys. Yeah.
The morning guys. That's the only thing they had over there in Y100. They were pretty good. Yeah.
They walked. It's awful. When did this when did this happen? This morning. Are you serious? I don't
listen to them normally. Guy around and I'm not. Wait a minute. Not athletes for it. He didn't walk,
do you? They the morning guys. Well, he's part of the morning show. Yeah. I walk.
It was normally a friend of mine that I ride around with. He listened to it all the time because he
likes what they do in the morning. Yeah, they're pretty good. Yeah, it's better than a lot of the
other stuff. He was sitting in the car waiting for me and he said that just read this memo. We
listened. We went to an next place and they didn't come back. They put the gallows on after them.
I mean, no Paul Jerkball from a she or whatever that guy's name is, but they're pretty good. Yeah.
Occasionally funny. Yeah. They got pulled off the air. They got they got yanked off the air. Yeah,
George just say they got yanked and taken off the air too. What the hurts? Yeah. They probably got
like Danny Jackson. Probably got a groin pull now. I'll be damned. Well, maybe they can picture
the cups now that they got some free time. We'll take anybody. Well, thanks for the Info, sir. We
can probably explore that in depth right now. Probably get a whole bunch of stuff about that.
Some straight poop on it. Thank you. Okay. Boy, look at this. We needed the. I just get the feeling
that this whole place is getting out of touch with reality. We just don't know what's going on.
I could find Neil Rogers. Mike, Disney's Jewish. Would you believe it?
Fleetwood Groover Gary Bruce to Henry Barrow's Jewish. Could you conceive it?
And Glow fill the cost and is to Johnny Duck is yet his can't you smell it?
When Fredisily and the Garcia to. As a matter of fact, all the cocks employees are Jewish since I
fell in love with you. Event Mill again since I fell in love with you. No, the Gantanelli.
Since I fell in love with you. Wow. 1151 at W.I.O.D. we have an open line at day 7519463.
Miramar. Miramar, how are you doing? Okay. Okay. Neil. Yeah. Yeah. First time.
Power. Fantastic, sir. Welcome to our little party here. Yeah. And guess what? I heard you
during the war. Yeah. All right. So I heard you a couple weeks ago saying where to heck are those
people? That's right. Well, that's like three now, I think. Yeah. Well, I got a little interesting
story. It goes back to what you were saying about don't be a wimp and stand up. Right.
All right. Saturday my wife went up to a veterinarian up on county wine road and 441 and she parked
a vehicle out there. Caused me at about 1030 Franek saying that the car was stolen. Went up there
and met with the police and we took the police report. About three hours later she's going back up
county wine rope or going back up 441 and she noticed the vehicle was parked there.
She called me at home and says, hey, the car's back here and guess what? There's four new tires
on this thing. And I'm going like, what? You know, what are you talking about? So I go back up there
run the hold about three stalls down his tire kingdom. And I'm met with a manager and he tells me
right away that a woman came inside and ordered 40 tires on a 88 silver Dodge. Yeah. Well,
mine's an 85. All right. And mine's charcoal gray. So he tells me the first thing he says,
we identified the car the key fit and we bought your car in and put four new tires on it. He says,
what we need to do is to turn around and take your car, put it back in there and get the tires off.
What? Yeah. I says, no way. I don't I don't understand what you're talking about. It doesn't
make any sense to me at all. Okay. Who brought your car there? My wife was at a veterinarian. But
who brought your car there? My wife. She was at the vet, which is like two buildings down.
But who brought your car there to the tire kingdom? Somebody inside. Pire kingdom. How did they do that?
No, no, no. Another woman came in and said, I want 40 tires on my car. Yeah. On my car.
Oh, I see what you mean. So they got the wrong car. I got you. Well, that's great. That's
comforting. You know, isn't it? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh. And then they turn around and tell me that I
got to take my car in there and take the tires back off. Well, of course. No. No way. Oh, you get the
four tires? Yes. I didn't authorize them to work on my car. Yeah, but it wasn't their fault. It
was a, a, a, a, a, a, but you don't identify a vehicle by the key. You identify a vehicle by a license
plane. So somebody screwed up. So what's the bottom line to it? The bottom line is this guy. He turns
around and wants me to sign a contract and everything waving them with any liability. Yeah.
And I said, no way. So what happened? I walked away. So you, you got a police case number assuming.
Yeah. And I'm waiting. So you, so you got four new tires? So what are you complaining about?
I'm saying, I kissed the ground exactly. I'm not the other. Like a frog. Other people would turn around.
Oh, yeah. That's right. You're right. Now I get the point. I mean, it was a little convoluted,
but I finally got the point. Right. Yeah. So hey, stand up for your rights. Good job, sir. Okay.
See you. What is he talking about? Okay. Now that kind of backed this poor guy in the
Palm Beach up against the news now, right? I can make it quick. Okay. I hear that Ron St. John is
on his way over to Paris to the French Open. He's going to be doing the play by play between
Shabby, Keny and Shalik. Now that's not Ron St. John. That's boom, boom. But well, however,
they got it, you know, with the S's. Yeah. But my question is what happens when they go to do?
Oh boy. It's in the bag, pal. See you later. Thanks. Boy, she must know of him. Pira. Chuck's
Meyer. Chuck's Meyer said his wife got 30 bites at, well, that's okay. It's not a one to get
into it. 1215 and W. I. O. D. He said bite this is what he said. Well, he's upset the pirates lost
for a change last night, but we lost two to make sure we don't close any ground. We want him to have
at least a 20, 30 game lead by the All-Star break. We have an open line in day seven. I was thinking
during the break by the way that we could kind of steal a dolphin song. And just insert the word
Marlins. My amy has the darlings. The greatest football. Now I see that wild baseball team.
Well, that won't quite work from base to base, huh?
Or something like it. Don't forget Dan Moreno, Mr. Football with the Hank Goldberg tonight,
8211. Phil Kostin cleaning out that room closet. And they're just probably in an old picture
of Hank too from 1979. Boy, you think he's fat and ugly now. There's an open line in date
county 751 W. I. O. D. Miami. Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. First time caller. Great. And I'm also
Georgia's mechanic. Really? Yeah. Boy, good luck to you. You must be a miracle worker if you
keep that thing going. I'm trying. Listen, I just wanted to ask you a question. Why do we need a
baseball team so bad here in Miami? I mean, every time I turn on the radio, that's what we're talking
about is baseball baseball. Maybe I'm being angry or something, but you know, what's the great deal
with you about baseball? Did you dump me? No. He dumped the phone. I dropped the phone on the floor
is what I did. I mean, dropped the mic on the floor. Probably broke it. That's not because of my
question. Yeah. You know, well, you must know, George, Mr. Antisports. You're under the
anti Christ. Mr. Antisports. I just I love baseball. But then, then if you love baseball, why wouldn't
you want to have our own team here? But I just think of having a baseball team in a community
kind of meld others at the boogie board spot. I'm sorry. What was I saying? Oh, I have it a
baseball team like unifies the community. It brings us together. It gives us a focal point
to rally around it, especially in this town. God only knows we desperately needed to give
us an identity. It helps us stop being such a little bush league parochial slime ball. Yahu
town. I know that, but I mean, I just thought there are issues that we can cause. You know,
put this all this. What do you mean? What do you mean by issues? Do we discuss issues on
issue? No, I don't know what you really discussed on issue. I mean, it couldn't be very important
because it's only the major story on a front page of the prestigious hero today with a big
picture of Wayne Zangam. I'm a bid for baseball ranks number one. So it's obviously not important
story. Well, I get it from my daughter worked for the hero. Well, because it's a big story.
It's a bit most exciting thing to happen here since we got the dolphins. And that's a long time
ago. That's 20, uh, six years ago. Well, I guess it is important. I just got asked a question.
Oh, one last minute. I mean, it's, look, it's not as important as the fact that people are
starving on the streets and that the people are getting slaughtered all over the world. But again,
you know, we have to operate within the context and the confines of human priorities,
which are all screwed up. I can't change the human race. Okay. I just can't do it.
Well, I just need to make sure that you may be able to pull a miracle to make Georgia's car run,
but I can't pull off the miracle that you expect. All right. I understand. One last thing.
Could you do me a favor? I doubt it. Not after this in tempered coal. What does it do? It's just
hit, uh, it's right over the head. Wait a second. Uh, Rick. Ricky, got him in it.
Okay.
Back to it. Let's see you later.
Oh, boy. It's cold outside. We should. I had a water coat or a hot bowl of soup.
Now you can have both.
Uh, the sky red cow is back. And now we're ready for all-man winter with
crab-go sensational thermos coat from crab-gold. Imagine a rubber-lined coat capable of holding up
the five gallons of scalding hot chicken soap. Is it cold yet? Of course it is. So just put it on
and you'll feel like a million noodles. Uh-huh. Now you're looking. Look at it pop. Look at it.
Moonwalk. And if he's hungry, no problem. He'll just open the flap on his specially designed sleeve
and start sucking. Boy, there's a lining that really sticks to your ribs. Get it? Of course you will.
Get one for your dog too. It has its crab-go sensational thermos coat,
available in chicken, minestrone and clam chowder. And all for the unbelievably fantastic super
low-low price of just $9.95. Yes, $9.95. How do we do it? Volume. Just listen to how loud I can talk.
So get your crab-gold thermos coat today. And remember, we always say if you buy this,
you'll buy anything.
Enough of the fucking. Okay, 1226, that's wishful thinking I guess. How about 226?
1227 at WIOD rhymes with heaven. And we got a call from Richmond VA.
Neil. Are you in the VA hospital or in Virginia?
No, I'm in Virginia. Well, that's your problem.
I called you a couple of weeks ago. Hey, they're going to name the team what?
The jack-offs. No. What are they going to call the team? They were saying it before this other
guy. The Marlins. The Marlins? Is that the name they're going? Yeah. That made too bad.
Who cares what the name is? I mean, it's interesting to, you know, for fun to talk about,
but what's a big deal? I don't know. We're getting, I mean, is that the best people can say,
well, we don't like the name or what's the name going to be? We're getting major league baseball
in his horse and buggy. God for sakin' minor league slimeball, just refusing to come into the
real world town. And that's the best we can hear as somebody in before calls. Oh, I don't like
the name. I shouldn't be Florida. What cares? They can call them the slime balls for all I care.
As long as we got a team and we got real major league baseball, we get the cubs and the
meds and the cardals and the graves and the Dodgers and my, the reds. What? If I had the
ability to do, I take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. Anyway,
what is this number? Are we getting all nuts from out of town? Is that it? We used to get like
good calls from out of town. What is what is your story, sir? What is the purpose? As flipper would
say, what is the purpose of this call? I'm out of touch. Well, I just want this 1228 at WIOD. We
have an open line in there. I mean, they do that on our dime and absolutely destroy this entire
show. We have to pay for it. What's in the, what's up in the air there, by the way? How about
Boyton B? Chello. Fine, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, I got scared scared this morning because I want
his team down down here too. So I get the sent sentinel up here. So first thing I do is,
I want his team, if I turn to the business section, first page of the business section about
Wayne's little company here and it turns out that Cox wants to sell about 82 other stores.
And I guarantee you the owners, I mean, that's what they're reading. And as soon as I read it,
I told my wife, I said, let's hurry up and get this done with. And I just think that everybody up
there is reading the same kind of information and a power of where he was the one owner
and what everybody really thought was going to be beneficial. I think to really pulling back and
looking at that now. And, you know, like I'm really concerned about it now. I don't know.
They're pulling back and looking at what? No, that, no, I mean, no, I mean, the big thing that they
were looking for is they wanted to one, you know, powerful owner. Yeah, they didn't have to worry
about, you know, what they didn't have to worry about anybody else. But now when they're reading
things about his stocks gone down 40, 40% this, yeah, because this God forsaken company,
is some of those block crisis stores and they're going to deplete all of his reserves. He's
going to be in a poor house. And so we can blame Cox Enterprises for costing this town major league
baseball. I agree with you, no? So I'm going to have another big screaming match with them in
the hallway this afternoon, just like I yesterday. That's why I wanted to just make
you know, going into that conference room right now and slam that door and everybody else on the
outside. Okay. And then I just want, and I want to ask you just, just basically one more thing.
You know, those are barrel, those Henry, those Henry barrel things where he does is what he's done
over the years. Yeah. I've only heard this one one time. He said something that he helped disclose
information that brought on watergate or something. Did you ever remember, remember hearing that one
where no, I can't, I really can't. Okay, Neil. Okay. Thanks a lot. I think you're hallucinating,
sir. Maybe been drinking the same stuff. Henry is no, no, ask him. There was one where he made
where he made reference that he was influential in disclosing some information that brought about
watergate. I'm not making that one. Henry, do you remember that one? No. Oh, okay. Okay.
Thank you. This memory is a little a week. Maybe he'll remember by tomorrow. Okay. Thanks. See you.
Do you have trouble dealing with reality? Are you constantly being told to get a life? Do you
find that your best pickup line is I've got money? Well, you could be suffering from Johnny Dark's
disease. Millions have been afflicted with this debilitating disease, but now there is something
you can do about it. Hello, this is Dr. Irving the Brownwoods. Now there is something you can do
about the nation's number one cause for loneliness. Johnny Dark disease. Here at the Center for
Gatine Research, we believe there is a cure. We haven't found one yet, but we are confident that
after you spend your money here, you'll feel somewhat better. Come in for a free assessment today.
Don't walk around with your head up your ass your whole life. Do something about it. Call
1-800. I'm a loser. $35 the first minute to 15 traditional minute. All models over 18.
I'm the center morning. Wrong one. 66 WNFAC. Okay. It'll queue up pretty soon. 148 at WID. The only
reason this guy comes in here is two reasons. One for free-stamp hold on the second praying that I'll
talk about him and give him some attention because he knows that nobody on the coast even knows
that he's on the air.
See the reason you're not there anymore is if you would have had that in the jingle, you'd see
it have been a hit. No, don't put his mic open. I got a lot of calls here. They don't want to hear
your crap. Dear field. Yes. How come to hold? Yeah, ask him to hold. He's on an important call here.
Oh, hi. How are you? I'm doing okay. Good. How long have I got to hold? This guy's on the
air on a very important radio show. He's got the trouble with though. He's coming from Chicago and
he's got like cup tickets for Saturday. All right. I don't want to put him on hold. Let me put you on
hold. That's how he'll call me back. No, he works for me. It's okay. Oh, I screw him then. Yeah,
he works for you. So you like to brow beat him and just play good. He's not even going to the game.
Make his life miserable and treat him like some kind of a suckling and always blame him for your
own stupid stupidity and incompetence like they do here at WID. No, really. I'm going to play
all people and they try to brow beat them and make them feel useless and humiliate and
degrade them in front of everybody when it's the incompetent assholes in his building or the ones
who're letting all that money fall through the cracks. Even a Rockefeller's never saw the money
they let fall through the cr- no wonder they got a cello as blockbuster store. They probably can't
even afford to pay the payroll with the kind of stuff that's going on back here. Now what were you
saying? You feel better now? No. Okay. Because we're not getting the team yet. What's the deal? I'm
sitting here on my desk. I'm just reading a notice from Major League Baseball that I got because
we make some MLP products and it's telling me how to get my how to get my artwork to the new team.
Well, I got news for you, sir. It's in limbo. We've had been I wouldn't put it quite exactly
that way again. I hope I'd kind of delete that from our agenda here today, but I can certainly
relate to your feelings. It's a suck. Of course, baseball fan. I've never been to Wrigley.
There'll be a week. Well, it was supposed to be a week from today and we got the big thing in a
little barrel than the front page and I'm getting everybody all hyped up. We got baseball fever,
blah, blah, blah. And now we got to wait because they're all busy playing, playing politics and
playing a bunch of crap. It must be big because it's the only thing people call you about.
No, it's not the only thing they call me about. Most of what they call this is the hate
baseball and are sick of hearing about it. I haven't heard that. Oh, yeah. A whole bunch of little
pinheads out there. A couple heads who are too small to hear where your jock strap. They don't
not only that they don't want to have it because they don't like that. They don't want the city to
be cohesion. They like this stress and this hate and this constant crap that goes on. They
thrive on it. They enjoy it. If you've ever been in a major league city on opening day,
you're really get to know the not just on opening day. You just walk into the
walk in a Fenway park or Tiger stadium or Wrigley Field and you just feel the electricity and
the atmosphere and everybody's having a great time, winter, lose and it just all it's great.
Inclosing now. Yeah. Do something about those Henry Barrow spots.
What a what Henry Barrow spot? They're they're terminal. You mean the ones that everybody keeps
calling in and talking about? They're awful. I wish I could do something about it, but you know what?
No, I can't. I really can't. Have a great day, sir. You too. Bye.
150. Did he say you too? Oh, man, brings back memories of Stan Major, doesn't it?
You too. Well, one thing about Stan is show me I've been occasionally a monotone,
but boy, his taste in music was halosious. Stan's a great American. I wish him well. I hope he
gets a life with so 150 to a W.I.O.D. that's a hint for him to call me later so I find out what
the hell's going on. He's a finagling and the dealing and wheeling. Maybe a win the lottery.
Here's a mobile in the Gables. Did that lip out with that guy? Let's slide there. No, it's not on the
air. But you got to hear it because you were on the phone. Well, it was what's worth it to tell you.
No, it wasn't a real good one. No, it was like he did it on purpose. I really think we're going
to get screwed. Do you really do? Well, you know, that happens so many times here. We're getting used to it.
That's exactly it because I've even been hesitant to talk about it, even with my friends,
because I don't want to put the whammy on us. Yeah. And now, I mean, okay, so before when they
made the announcement that they were going to postpone it, it was bad. But now that I find out
that Cox Broadcasting is involved with Blockbuster, it's like a death now. Oh, yeah. What's the
connection there? I really seriously know nothing about that. Yeah, well, Cox Broadcasting bought
several months ago a whole bunch of Blockbuster stores and they were like, you know, and pumped a
whole bunch of money in there, which was hanging. Actually, it was dancing in the streets about.
So what's the difference of Cox sell their stores? It doesn't affectizing at all then, right?
Since Cox already brought his stock way down. I don't know. You're asking me about finance. I
know nothing. Okay. I'm just lucky to be able to get my paycheck out of them every weekend.
I just feel like right in other words, his stock has dropped like a rock. Okay.
We're going to get screwed, but with the F word, you know what I mean? Yeah.
It's bad news, but it's not as bad as the Reds are playing these days.
The FS and the D.
Oh, listen, did you see that in the Met Game last night when Conan, Harold,
no, Chuck was telling me about that. I was busy watching the Cubs get pounded and I occasionally
turned over and saw some of the Met Game, but I didn't see that. And of course, Harold said,
you do understand after another couple of losses, Haroldson will be out. You do realize that?
Well, if he starts messing with the Star players, I mean, not that I'm a David Cohn fan,
but he's really all they got on the mountain. He was awesome. Well, the last two starts,
the Cubs, he was just tremendous. And last night, he was unbelievable 13 Ks. And he just all,
you see the thing about Cohn is he's either brilliant or he sucks horrendous.
And he's going through this little phase where all of a sudden he found it now, but I wouldn't,
I wouldn't count on him for it.
