It's going to work you at a state.
Well, geez, you better make a few calls call the ex caliber and call the start us and call the
Fair to little world.
Yeah, so what motivated you today?
Well, actually I'm going to Las Vegas next week and I thought you might be able to tell me a couple of things.
What? Huh?
It'd be nice without it.
No, but I mean I have to.
Have you never been there before?
No, not at all.
Where are you going to stay?
I'm not really sure.
I think we're going to stay at the holiday royal.
The holiday royal?
Yeah, some people play for me.
Well, I can motel six with Tom Bo-Det.
I think that's it.
Why?
Well, you better watch out because Tom hangs out under the bed and it was places.
That could be fun.
Are you sure that's the name of it?
The holiday in royal?
Uh-huh.
I don't know what that is.
But I got news for you no matter where you stay.
Even if it's a feedback, you're going to have a great time.
You're going to rent a car, aren't you?
Yeah.
Well, that's all you need.
I don't have to tell you anything because everywhere you go, it's going to be great.
You'll go to the Mirage and Seas here next caliber and the Stardust and Palastation and the Tropicana.
And you just eat all of a phase and gamble your guts and guts out and see if you show us.
Have a great time.
You'll feel that you've never even been born before this.
You just look at a mirror wonder what you've wasted your life doing here.
I'm telling you.
What about these shows, can you recommend me?
Well, I don't know who's playing out there, but I mean they have a, in the lobby of all the hotels you'll have like a, or in your room even.
Uh-huh.
They have these, they just, no, seriously, and they, you know, booklets and they show you like all the stuff and who's playing when and that's it.
Oh, excellent.
Yeah.
Okay, well, think for what?
You're going to have a great time.
Okay, and all the stuff that can't even walk.
Well, you want a full report when you get back? When you're going?
Uh, next study.
And you're coming back when?
Uh, the following Sunday.
Same for Monday.
Okay, well, the Monday after that, was nine days.
You may not want to come back.
No, not where Florida is.
Oh, man, well listen, we want a full report the Monday when you get back, okay?
Okay, great.
We're going to mark it on our thing and expect it.
Okay.
Have a great time.
Bye, guys.
Thank God she didn't get cut off.
Can you imagine all the great calls that we've had get cut off over these three years on that clicking line?
Probably the best calls we ever get coming on that line they never make the air.
That's why some days the show suck on this station.
The good calls never get through.
Back in the early days before I realized that they don't give a crap about anything here.
I used to just carry on about that thing.
There's something wrong with it.
Oh, no, there's not a wrong with that line.
Southern belt checked it out.
Now, even people who've been in the building for five minutes.
I mean, even listeners, people who have casually listened to this station know that line six and browored the clicking line is screwed up.
Even sud knows it and you don't give a crap.
It's screwed up.
Oh, no, there's no problem.
We checked it out with a fork.
But of course they're going to tell you there's no problem because if they admit there's a problem then they've got to fix it.
And they don't know how to do that.
That might take some work.
They might have to face somebody some overtime.
God forbid.
So I imagine that the best calls that ever come into this radio station are on line six and you never get to hear them.
Man, I'll tell you what we're going to do is we'll have somebody else talk to them off the air like whether or not you just before they get cut off.
And then we'll tape it.
Yeah, Alex can talk to him off the air.
Real loud like he talks in here.
He keeps pressing that inner comedy.
He doesn't have any idea how loud it isn't here.
I mean, can I ask you a stupid question?
What's the video where the guy sitting eating the pizza and the the Marlin jumps through the window?
This is on every 10 minutes.
Do you know what that is?
The guy sitting there eating slices of pepperoni pizza.
There he is now.
Make a statement.
Or is that a spot?
Well, that's a spot.
I thought it was a video because it's on like intro spec.
Make a statement.
Look at that.
He was making a statement all right.
And that was his mouth either.
Okay, we better move right along, boy, while I check that a lot closer.
It's 135 at WIOD or plastic station.
The Roger.
That's my one.
Pretty at WIOD.
Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Good show today.
Outstanding.
I would say I know a scale of eight.
I'd give it about a 45.
But then what do I know?
Because the cops didn't do it yesterday today.
We're doing it every day.
Good.
We may not be good, but we're consistent.
Well, I have a comment about...
Don't think the suck wants in a while, but when you can do it every day, then you've got a life.
You're right.
They are consistent, aren't they?
Yeah.
All right.
I have a comment up the Rick and Sud show.
Okay.
They can handle it.
Well...
That's sitting in there right now with the spoon and his canola.
He can handle it.
It sure does seem that people are awful or gistom-ly.
I don't know what that was.
Yeah, what that was wrong, all of a sudden.
It's like...
See, this radio station, there's something foul in the air with this...
I have never worked anywhere where the audience turns.
I mean, just like on the same day, like they all woke up on the same day, they had like a meeting.
And they decided, okay, it was fun for a while, but now let's turn on this one.
Let's try...
You know, like...
I'm sure we'll be glad to bring Alex Bennett back for five minutes.
Just a good refresher course that boy, they'll be screaming for Rick and Suds.
Well, I remember a while back when they were kind of stuck in there by up there.
Now they've got a contract, but now I don't know.
Maybe they're getting a little too cocky.
I like to listen to them, but...
Are they getting a little cocky?
Yeah, I've noticed that. They are going to, especially Rick Riley, he's getting real cocky lately.
Yeah, if he just eye out of this, I'll tell you what.
Well, maybe I can take the pressure off, because I don't want to sit on the air,
because I don't like to get all this personal stuff, but I'm getting a divorce too.
Well, you got to the best around all of you, so just hang in there.
That happens to all of them.
And I hope the cops do it again today.
Okay, thanks.
We're not playing today, so we'll be a good day today.
Well, hey, nothing lasts forever, Tweety.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463.
I just don't know what this...
And then like this book, I never even saw the whole book, so I'm not going to look at Arvertron ever again,
or just pull a crap.
But, like, you know, is there anybody out there who really believes that the lowest number of listeners on this station are between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m.?
And if you do, let me ask you this question.
Have you ever listened before 10 a.m. and after 6 p.m.?
I think that speaks for itself.
And how about on the weekend?
Has anybody ever listened on the weekend?
Oh, that's a stupid question.
We don't have enough time to search for those people.
Right, Meg?
Well, we got the plant guy.
And we got Meg, and we got ball games.
We got any kind of crap we can throw on to fill up some time, because we don't have any...
We just don't have anybody to throw on there.
That you might be entertaining or attracting audience under the age of 500.
Right, Dave?
Miami Airport.
Good afternoon.
When is this?
Barbed loads.
Yeah.
Plain loads.
I got a fire report.
Okay.
Driving west down on the...
49th V-Coswave.
I saw Sky 1, Sky 2, Sky 3 hovering over the W.O.D. tower.
Yeah.
Well, I'll slip a giant tandem over it.
Boy, does he have a lot of hits by...
That's where they call him, the safe station for the 90s.
Right.
Exactly.
And that's the purpose of that.
It's the muffler, all the profanity that goes over the air, so that the old geese don't get offended.
Right.
Well, as a matter of fact, we have a whole new...
It's amazing.
You must be like a super spy because we have a whole new billboard campaign.
That's right.
And it's going to be like a...
A reneerie head is going to be on there with a gigantic condom over it, it's going to say 6, 10, safe radio.
Yeah, well, it's not going to work.
You know why?
That safe campaign?
Yeah.
Because they don't come any better than the O'Rodges.
Have a great life, sir.
You too, sir.
See ya.
He just...
I'm not the superstar, sir.
Hi, this is Larry King, and they don't come any better than the O'Rodges.
That's a boy, Larry.
143 at WIOD.
Is anybody ever seen Larry and Dracula together in the same...
Crypt...
Pompano.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Just the first time caller.
And how is it so far?
Great.
I just want to let you know that I'm going to school for electronic technician right now.
Are we just recently started getting the AM radio?
And I haven't listened in a minute.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You just started picking up AM radio?
No, no.
I just started doing some experiments on it and troubleshooting and stuff like that.
Just getting into it.
Ah-ha.
So in other words, you want to be an AM radio engineer, is that it?
Not necessarily.
That's just part of it.
In order to do that, you have to be like a little whacked.
You do understand that.
Of course, yeah.
I definitely fall in love.
Because I've never met an engineer in my life who wasn't like it and have several bricks in the wrong spots.
Believe me.
Well, what I wanted to say was I listened to you years ago when I was a child back when you were with the big Z word, you know what I mean?
Zeta.
Yep.
Well, what do you mean years ago that was like four or five years ago?
Four years ago?
Yeah, and you were a child four years ago?
Man, I'll tell you.
Well, yeah, I worked with a bunch of pre-procantin heads, yeah.
Yeah, and we all loved it.
It was great, right?
I loved it.
I probably still love it.
Oh, yeah, it's great.
I love it.
It's one of the...
How about the show?
I wanted to show you a little light on the baseball situation.
Yeah.
How old are you?
Me 19.
Oh, so you were like a little adolescent pinhead with Zitz?
Exactly.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Okay, shedding a little light.
Yes, the Marlins, I believe, are going to be in the NLEs.
Yes.
And they're going to be sharing a certain place with a certain team which I am a devoted fan to.
Which is the next?
The stellar team.
Well, the Phillies?
Yes.
The Phillies.
Yes, we won't be in last place anymore, so...
But you won't have Roger McDowell do a pay-as-contract anymore after last night, by the way.
Oh, yes.
You unloaded that stiff.
Uh-huh.
I know that.
But the one thing I'm glad is that we won't be able to be called the worst team in that league.
We'll have another team to make fun of.
Yeah, that's...
That is a good point.
We can get like 15 more teams in the NLEs to be in good shape.
Oh, yeah, that'd be great.
But, um...
There's a buddy of mine at work who listens to all the time and they talk about you all the time.
I just wanted to call them all douche bags.
So, Mike from Scotties and Burris and all the whole crew there, they're all...
The whole crew is a bunch of douche bags.
That's what this wonderful astute gentleman said.
Well, listen, you were hanging there and think it over several times before you decide you want to get in this business.
Believe me.
All right, thank you.
Good mental health feeds the hell out of money anytime.
All right, good luck, Neil.
I'll see ya.
Great color.
Boy, what a great American.
We've had some wonderful people on the phone today, haven't we?
Alex?
Alex is there, a bunch of stiffs.
We have an open line in Broward that's ringing as we speak.
Boy, we are just smoking today.
Man, oh man.
You want to take this show and just roll it up in a gigantic paper.
And light it.
And stick it in the Sally's ear.
You probably enjoy it.
Anyway, speaking of having a great lunch,
Bobby Rabino is the place for ribs.
He's also the place for a great lunch.
Any day, seven days a week, they're open for lunch daily from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
And for dinner, of course, 4 p.m. until closing in the wee hours.
10 different delicious appetizers included their gigantic colossal onion ring loaf
and zupra zucchini loaf.
Don't let it loaf.
Head for Bobby Rabino's.
And buffalo wings and chicken tenders and barbecue chicken wings and barbecue ribs, of course, which they're famous for.
And six different salads, six different kinds of seafood.
41 tempting entrees, soups and sandwiches from 8 a.m.
All kinds of great stuff.
Delicious. That's the reputation.
Bobby Rabino's has always had for dinner, but now for lunch, too, from 11 to 4 every day.
Six Broward locations for Bobby Rabino's.
They're in Fort Lauderdale at 4100 North Federal Highway.
The South Fort Lauderdale is at 1430 Southeast 17th Street.
Sunrise on North University Drive, St. Rodin, 44 in Davy, North Federal Highway in Papano, West
Halondale Beach Boulevard in Hollywood, North Kimberly Boulevard in Margate, and on Glades Road in Boka.
So for a luscious, fantastic lunch and the price is always right.
Head for Bobby Rabino's.
Just because these divorce doys are ready for you.
I'm your dog.
Now, I do want to say this.
I want to cut you off right at the pass because I know that.
I know what I know that with these things happen.
You like to you like to cast aspersions on your partner and blame it say that he's callous and uncaring and vindictive and hateful,
which is true.
But so are you.
Thank you.
They're not listening to the other more than they're paying any attention.
I'm trying to stand up from he'll even have the monitor up there.
He's got the monitor down in the other room.
You got to crank it up there.
I want that man to pay attention.
I'm standing up for him.
By the way, Hyde Alisa.
I said, Hyde, who are personally a little wilder, I just wanted to say hyena radio.
I'm not saying the word about that.
I heard that just just that.
That was just muscle out of my territory.
Okay, buster.
So anyway, no, but you're going to come on you guys and I know immediately somebody's going to bring up the fact that you
Dell is a history again.
No.
And you're going to say, well, I've been through it before.
I've been on the other side.
Oh, yes, you are.
And you go, well, you're vindictive and hateful and you've got the thing I'm bummed out about.
You've got the obsession with him.
Because I hear you say it all the time and you're going to pretend like, well, I don't want to exploit some guy while he's down.
You making me up to be a wimp.
Listen, I listen to that show.
Yeah.
And the fact is, I'm only upset because he didn't last as long as Sud's predicted.
Sud's what you give him, six months.
There is hope for you after all.
And he only went like three or something.
Try it out loud.
The three of us, I lose the pool.
What are you like eating weedies now?
Oh, look what that did to Brutal.
What I did to Bruce Jenner.
Oh, man.
You see it lately?
No.
Really?
Looks like a cross between Martina and one of the Nelson twins.
I'm serious.
I don't know what that is.
I don't make jokes about Martina.
She could beat the crap out of all of us.
I am, I'm just strut.
But I'll live.
This is Sud's that says he gives a good crap, huh?
Is that a replacement word?
You know you're going to actually attack him viciously.
Because I'm a happy place.
I think that's already been done.
Not by me.
You didn't hear me ragging on that guy.
I think he got it, did it to himself.
No, that's Peewee.
You're getting all these stories.
Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.
You get all these stories, the next step.
This is drug rehab.
Well, there's only so many shows you can do on that.
But then they're like exhausted.
One, like you said.
The agenda's gone.
So you're not going to win five.
You're going to actually come on and tell it like it is.
I just did.
After all the grotesque, disgusting things that were said about you
and you were going to flop and you were going to bomb
and you guys suck and he's this up upon all of them.
And here he is again.
It's like every three months now, he just like bounces out.
Because there's nothing there.
There's nothing there.
Absolutely.
And I want to exploit somebody when they're down and out in this business.
Much less all about.
What, exploiting people in the dark?
You bet.
Damn right.
Let him have it.
Screw off.
And they have no airtime as they're on to come back.
You're going right.
Slime ball that was in here trying to stab you guys in the back.
See what goes around does come around.
And you didn't hear that call that he called back and tried to justify all of that.
Joey?
Yeah.
Don't you remember the day I got him to call me?
Any weaseled out on the phone?
Kind of like melted away like an old ice cube in the middle of the biggest desert?
No.
Like, Eiffeley Bailey with a slime ball on the witness stand just sliding down that chair into a little pool on the floor.
Pull a mush.
You don't have any idea, but I'm just I'm enjoying it.
And I like to see people get their jerks deserves.
And I'll as leave foul or at Debbie Ellis and recycling the right crap.
Oh, you're so right.
Why did they just put on paid religion and stop trying to try to salvage something that's been dead?
Like trying to bring back Grover Cleveland, Alexander.
Forget it.
He was great.
Those are great movies.
What's that? The Grover Cleveland story?
Grover Cleveland, Alexander, yeah.
Didn't Ron Reagan play him?
Grover Cleveland, Alexander.
Yeah.
No, he played Grover Cleveland.
Oh.
No, he was Grover Cleveland.
No, he was calling from Cleveland, Georgia.
That was our first call to this morning.
I want to take one call and see what they have to say to you guys.
North Miami.
How you doing, guys?
Great.
How could you call Rick Riley with me when you don't even like boxing?
Boxing's a real sport.
Yeah, boxed this.
You don't even like boxing either.
You pretend you do to keep up your image.
Jarron Wright, I pretend I like everything.
Yeah. Just so I can suck around.
He's into silk panties.
Don't they look nice?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hi.
Who is this?
Hi, Beth.
Who?
From out in the void.
Who is it?
Heather.
Heather, how old are you, Heather?
Yeah.
I'm calling about.
Heather.
He's herman.
Heather, who is this?
We just got this.
Is this a child?
Yeah.
How old are you, Heather?
I'm 10.
I'll say Andre Dawson is God.
We'll be right over to rescue you in the IOD mobile cruiser.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
My dad listens to you guys a lot.
Well, that's great.
Is he driving right now?
Yeah.
Are you driving?
He's there one.
Well, you sound like you're in a car, Heather.
I'm not.
Where are you?
And then my dad works.
You read your dad's work?
I thought he sounds like you're out playing in traffic in the middle of a
holiday on the beach Boulevard.
So what's the question, Heather?
Huh?
Heather?
What?
What's the question?
What?
Heather, are they playing grab ass in the office back there?
No.
Okay.
Now what's the question?
Well, I always thought that when people say,
maybe Herman was on TV, he would be weird.
Yeah.
I'd ever thought he'd do a thing like that.
Yeah.
You want to see it?
No.
But he's like, why?
Everybody knows it was on the news.
Yeah.
What are you eating, Heather?
Bubble gum.
Take the gum out when you call a talk show.
Don't listen to him, Heather.
Pay no attention.
You tell him we can go.
The matter is that people around on his show, not on this show.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
You can go out, Heather.
I want to hear you spit the gum out.
Spit it across the office.
Spit it out your dad.
Will you leave me alone?
Pember Pines.
Just a Neil Rickshaw.
Yeah.
Shut down, Voron.
The problem is, it's like drag weed seed.
This is drag Rick seed.
That's what's going on.
What was that in?
It's my turn.
Yeah.
You're taking a lot of abuse lately and probably deserve more of it.
Okay.
It's the season.
This guy's right on it.
He's not wumping out.
Neil, he's probably just lost his go-nails in the divorce.
So he had, you know, this is what's going on.
Okay.
One of them.
Heather, $81.
Yeah.
I'm bringing up our total of $5,716.
Did you hear the story of the other day?
Excuse me, sir, but did you hear the story of the other day?
No.
This is a limo service, okay?
Yeah.
And I asked Marvel what's the name of it?
And he says, corporate car suza.
Corporate car USA.
He retic corporate.
It was like written out all together.
He's a corporate car.
He was smelling your cologne earlier.
So what the hell do you want?
He's going through a change.
We all go through changes, right?
Everybody leave my neck alone.
Rick.
Oh, I'm sorry, you're still there, yeah?
You owe us an hour of bad, Greg Brudell.
Pardon me?
You owe us one hour at least of bad, and Greg Brudell.
Okay.
Or they were really going to turn on him if he doesn't.
This will make up for the week or you went off the air.
Okay.
All right.
Well, that's what I did during the whole week.
Well, one more hour to make it official.
Okay.
See you.
Well, at least you guys came back.
That's true.
Because he was even a lot of crap during that period of time, too.
Was he?
Oh, yeah.
Right, it was.
Why do the first three minutes to see which therapist he has on?
All right.
Yeah.
That's what blows me away about him.
He lives his day after day.
What's he going to do every morning?
He's got this SNM quotient or something that he has to fill, and he hates him.
And he just comes in every day just seething and foaming.
It's the worst thing on the radio.
I hate him.
I hate him.
I hate him.
No, that's the show he's talking about.
Oh.
Well, listen, I can't top any of this.
I don't know who this belongs to.
I found it incredibly beautiful.
And I don't even like the hurricanes or the orange bull.
The orange bulls of toilet.
It's a paperweight.
And it was in a little box down below.
It's probably been sitting there for years.
It probably belongs to Alan Courtney.
But I'm stealing it.
It's highly of all kinds of crap that you make.
That's right.
Like that beautiful Marlon Major League baseball poster that's in there.
By the way, it's managed.
It does the chair of the extra chair.
What is that?
It's like rumors that FTL Neal got fired.
Yeah, right.
So, yeah, no question about it.
Yeah.
My last day tomorrow, and I'm going to make the most of it, okay.
Well, I was like, we'll have the new midday guy unveiling.
After that sign, I'm going to FTL by the way.
Well, you have to get hold of it.
I'm going to buy there.
Huh?
Do you go by there?
I'm going to do a one-man show with Lee Fowler.
That's good.
Well, listen, that's going to do it for me here as we kind of like zip off into oblivion.
It was pretty good for most of the show.
What?
Top 10 tabloid trash headlines.
I want to hear a junior column.
We don't have that today.
Well, that's what it says on the sheet.
Well, they're wrong.
Well, get organized.
They're always organized.
What is it today?
It's newsroom planning.
I was all set to hear the top 10 tabloid trash headlines.
I don't want to hear news around a planet today.
Well, they don't listen.
I want to hear it.
Nice game, Chuck.
I want to hear it tomorrow.
I'll give you a junior's phone number.
What is it?
He was pretty good.
By the way, you think that guy from Syracuse is telling our show
and knows who we are?
Have a great day.
Stay tuned for the guys.
Joseph Gackie on Sports Talk at 605.
Skipper Upchuck for Hank 8-11 tonight.
Well, in the ticket, I'm going to donate it to the veterans.
The heck with the darn game.
Wasn't that nice.
You're a great American.
And I also like to tell my friends, Jeff, the fishing down
is those shitting murdering mobsters that are near the keys
that they all a bunch of douchebags.
I hope the mobsters get away.
Okay.
Thanks for the help, pal.
Okay.
See ya.
A Rick and Sputtle be doing their show live from J.R.S.
From the stadium.
From the seat.
Oh, man.
Is there going to be some gnashing of teeth and some real carrying on
around six o'clock?
It's a poppy car.
Well, I don't think so.
And it says the guest will be Tim Robbie.
The stadium manager Glenn Mann.
Is that right?
Or is that another one of the vets, uh, nightmares?
How can anybody be named Mann?
How you doing, Mann?
Is that his name?
Glenn Mann?
And Dolphin Cheerleaders.
And it says Neil Rogers, too.
It says Tim Robbie is going to be all right.
I got some good questions.
I think I might show up really out there.
Here's a mobile in high alia, Buenos dias.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you today, darling?
Okay, sweetie.
I'm calling to see if you can give me instructions on how to get to the
Robbie stadium tonight.
No.
Oh, please, Neil.
You can't get there from by you.
Uh, you know, I'm driving in high alia, man.
I'm driving by.
Holy cow.
Wow.
Did you hear the way that voice change?
It was like Mercedes-McCambery, too.
And the emphasis.
There's an ultimobile with two hands being driven by two hands and a bunch of blue hair.
I can't race away.
I can't race it, but I'm driving anyway.
It just keeps kind of like shifting back and forth, man.
Neil, just a quick talk, and they got to get out of here.
Yeah.
Those tickets that you're looking to get rid of, if you would, maybe consider, actually decide that you don't want to go to the game,
raffle, I mean, uh, auction them off and the money that you get, you get donated to the veterans.
That's what I was going to do.
I mean, you know, that's what I said yesterday.
Sign that, Balthan, and, uh, and still make up.
Yeah, but, you know, let me, let me say this to you, okay?
I don't want at the risk of sounding cheap, which I'm not.
No, I'm not, because I came in the first day that I heard about it.
I think it'd be cheaper, rich, Neil.
No, I'm not rich, but the, I make a good buck, but the fact is, if I believe in something,
I don't just sit and talk a good game, I believe in setting an example and putting up a few bucks.
So I wrote it a check for 500, which, you know, maxed the one at the IOD coast, you know, check, which I think is a pretty nice donation.
And, uh, like when we do the Camilla's house thing, I donate thousands of dollars to that.
Yeah, well, okay.
But listen to me.
Listen to me.
All right.
I mean, what is the point of, you know, if we want to do that, then all of us in here, you just take out a collection inside the building and just all of us pay them.
Oh, that's not the purpose. That's not the point.
You see what I'm saying?
And then, let's say, have all the people coming in.
Listen to that crosstalk.
You know, what is it?
Well, we are in high alias, it's probably the radius of the community.
Man.
Can you still hear me?
Yeah, it sounds like Alberto San Pedro and Rick Sanchez have a little chat.
Anyways, I could run, guy, keep it up and, you know, I was just as hard to see if you could get the money for the veterans.
Yeah, okay.
See ya.
Bye, boy.
1045 at WYOD, boy, and they find his ass in highly. You'll never see it again, man.
751 WYOD, and here's another mobile implantation.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
You know, I'm sick of this town and having to give away tickets to one of the greatest sporting events around the dolphins.
I don't give anything away to these people.
26 bucks, come to pay for themselves.
auction it off, see if you get a thousand bucks to take it.
That's what I think.
What is it?
That's my opinion.
Who said I was going to give it away?
Well, you know, you guys are always giving away, so you should never have to give them away.
I'm not giving away anything. I already paid my part.
That's right. I got my season tickets.
Right.
I'll see you at the game tonight.
Okay.
I just want to call my friend Jimmy Murphy and do his back.
See ya.
Later.
No, I'm going to keep him.
I am. I'm going to keep him.
When I left the house this morning, in fact, that's the reason I brought him in.
They're sitting here in front of my nose.
Because I wasn't going to keep him.
I was going to auction him off.
But I'm sick of doing that.
Every time I get something, I auction out like I'm some kind of shlipper.
Like I have to, you know.
Like I have to suffer.
Like they're going to nail me to the cross and I'm going to bleed for this community.
I've bled enough for this town.
Okay.
Thanks to Marisa Lee or whatever.
That's an interesting name.
But anyway, here's a check for 30 bucks for the veterans.
And a request for one of the enough of the sucking t-shirts.
Which I think they came in large and extra large.
I don't recall.
But we can, we can work it out because t-shirt Bob, those folks are great.
The best.
You know what really gets me though?
You know what the epitome of the whole thing is?
Because I heard it from several different people.
The boy Kurtz first reaction when they made up those t-shirts.
The unbelievable and the enough of the sucking and the other.
He was hysterical because they didn't have the rights to read like my little picture on the sleeve there.
They didn't have the right to do that.
Well, they're doing it for us.
They're not selling these.
They're doing it for us.
They're helping us raise money.
I mean, stop and, yeah.
Stop and think about how embarrassing that is.
And like I said the other day, what they should have done in the beginning was have an eerie shirts and neal shirts and rickenside shirts and goldberg shirts.
And each of them, one of us on our own show could have done this deal.
And in about three weeks, we could have raised all the money and had done it right.
Then proud of what we accomplished on something good for the veterans.
Left with a good taste in our mouths.
You know what I'm saying?
But it seems like every time we get involved in something, we have like a real sour taste in our mouth.
Kind of fishy.
1047 at WIOD and we'll be right back.
So keep away.
7 at WIOD.
How's that so doffin?
Prep meeting going.
We got around.
The things they do are old so, could cold.
Hope I die before I get old.
My generation.
My generation.
I thought Henry was in Portland.
It's 1108 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the center square.
Let's just put that on an endless loop and a hell with his damn thing.
Okay, screw it. It's Friday.
I got it.
I started to say we have an open line in the center square, but of course you already heard me say that.
Didn't you through the miracle of radio?
At 524WIOD?
Hi, Alia.
Neil.
Yes sir.
That's how it's all fun here.
Yeah.
But that promo you got with Rick Weaver saying that I would improve defense and improve teams.
Don't start. We haven't even snapped the first snap yet. Don't be negative yet sir.
I have to play a dark side.
Well, hey, that's the problem.
In fact, somebody asked Old Cam Braille with the Martian Sports class on Channel 6 who we thought would win a game tonight.
And he said when you consider the fact that many of the veterans will be absent, you know, it does create a problem.
Well, I always did like Mike Tom's act in the Harbour though.
I think they may not play well, but they looked good.
What is it?
I think the cars on the GOC issues are going as well as like that meaning going on over there.
Yeah, no, that's what that was.
Well, really?
Yeah.
Yeah, we won't be seen too much random.
In fact, that was Randall Hill.
That was Randall Hill.
You can, I think just in case we better, it's 1109 and WIOD.
We have an open line and Broward.
Well, a quote it did for Cosset, you know.
That center square is open again or was it still been open?
It's been open.
I'm sorry. 524WIOD.
Well, you know me.
I'm so damn insecure.
At a spare.
3PM National Weather Service radar indicated to get it to numerous hours and thunderstorms,
several of Murray-Lachorane call over to South Florida,
and in South Lavera beach, Englewood Line.
