So in any of the under 64-demography?
Woo! In!
Incredible.
Here's a pick report on a starline.
Fail! Yeah!
Hey listen real quick, back out, I'm not there now, but just to get 9 for 75, get on that turn bike.
Yep.
Right at the bottom baby, waiting pretty.
Okay.
Hey listen, I want to say something real quick about the dolphin.
Yes sir.
I'm from the distance Tony from Berk.
I'm not really a football fan.
I mean, the lions were never nothing to be proud of.
But, you know, I live here now, so I start to bruise with a team.
Exactly, get on the bandwagon.
And you know something though?
I got to be honest with you.
When they got to, when they got to touchdown, I was jumping up and down having a good time in the living room.
But when they came back as fast as they did in those three plays, and before you know it, they were already on the 50s.
I thought that they'd choke.
And I gave up my hope.
And my girl told me, well don't give up now, you know, there's still time.
And I said, no, they're going to kick that field goal.
I kind of felt bad because I gave up.
And I guess that was wrong, but I'm flat.
I got to hang in there pal.
I know.
I'm hanging there.
It ain't over till it's over.
Let me tell you something.
That was exciting.
It was phenomenal.
I wish I could have been there.
Just to see everybody going nuts like that.
You could tell if it was just one of the best games to be at.
Ever.
I'm going to ask you a couple football questions.
I know nothing about football.
All right, real quick, real quick.
If the dolphins beat the bills, or wind the dolphins beat the bills, that means what?
Did they go?
They play the winner of the Raider Bengal game.
Okay, and that was the AFC championship.
All right, now is that considered the Super Bowl after that game?
Well, whoever wins that game goes to the Super Bowl against the winner of the NFC.
Oh, okay.
All right.
So in other words, there's like three more games.
Right, so there's still three away from you being getting in it.
Wow, this is exciting.
Well, I'm going to be there at Joe Raider.
I'm going to check out that the bar there on Saturday.
Okay, Tony.
All right, listen to me.
Take it easy.
All right.
Wow.
12.33 now.
Is that from Pomano Park?
Okay, and the piece on this too.
Okay, it's 12.39.
It's just too much stuff going on here today, man.
Why can't everybody be like Miriam?
She's like Lightning.
She came in here and snipped that hair.
She's on here.
She is incredible.
And now Phil Saltsman's bugging me.
Oh, I forgot to mention, by the way, Phil Saltsman picked five winners the day that we were out there Friday at Calder.
Of course, none of them paid over a dollar.
He had the bet three for 20, 20, 20, 20, 16.
Phil, your picking was great, but the prices were a brutal, brutal.
All right.
Well, the first race is over already, so we can't pick that.
Oh, there's Clara's boy in the second race.
That's it.
How can we go against Clara's boy?
Well, I'm going to pick against him.
Okay.
He's got the rail in the six-per-long race.
I'm going with Parsamonius and Heriberto Castillo.
I'm going with Junior.
Parsamonius, I can't pick Clara's boy.
I just can't do it.
It probably will.
All right, 1240.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yeah?
That guy that was talking to you about the satellite.
Yeah.
It was all wrong.
But I don't listen.
I can't take the luxury of me.
You're like six people in the whole audience.
We have a satellite dish.
And one woman in cross-springs who's still waiting for Denenberg to do something.
I can't put the whole audience into a coma with another terminal thing on satellite dish.
I look as right as satellite today.
1241 at WIlde.
We have an open line at Dave County.
What is going on around here, man?
What is going on?
The phone is ringing and this one is in that.
This place is still not come back from the holidays.
It really has it.
This place is so disoriented and disorganized.
And yesterday, I'm listening to Rick and Sudden Marvin's wandering around a building.
And the traffic is from other stations on it.
This place is like a hysteria city.
Let's all settle down and get back to the realities of the Cool Harsh world, okay?
West Palm Beach.
No, what's up, buddy?
You go out and buy some lottery tickets and we're going to have 27 million.
How's it going?
Pretty good, pal.
True dolphin here.
I was at the game the other day.
Okay.
And that place was rocking.
It was rocking and sucking, man.
It was like, wow.
You almost had a look around to make sure you were in Miami.
I couldn't believe it.
I really didn't.
Especially when the crowd was like leaving.
Everybody was singing and chanting.
Yep.
Incredible.
It was fantastic.
This also saw that movie.
You're talking about last night.
Great flick.
Backfire.
Backfire.
Hello.
Yeah.
How long ago since I talked about it, I almost forgot about it.
I know.
I know.
You want to talk about it.
Backfire.
It was an outstanding move.
What happened in the beginning?
I kind of got in a little thinking.
Well, I didn't see the very beginning, but just in the beginning came back from Vietnam.
And he kept having all these flashbacks.
I didn't see the first few minutes.
Right, and the eyes and the bed, oh.
Oh, yeah.
Well, she kept was plotting with her first boyfriend to do them in.
And you know, it worked out perfectly.
And then the first boyfriend chickened out and kind of got really busy.
Very complicated.
She kind of got his head hanging to her.
They're so to speak.
We're eyes on a platter on the bed anyway.
That was pretty well.
Yeah.
How about, you know, what do you think about this Buffalo game coming up?
You think Miami's going to rush a few more people and like three people at a time?
Well, I don't know.
After all these games we've played to suggest we're going to have a pass rush in this game.
I believe it when I see it.
That's probably the weakest link on the team is that we give the other quarterback all day through that ball.
He could ate a ham sandwich back then.
That's the only thing that I just am desperately praying for.
But we'll see, you know, everything you never know.
Buffalo's had a lot of erratic games too.
I'm not trying to sound cocky about the game, but they've had a lot of erratic games where they just were off their feet.
If we get by them, I think we'll make it to the Super Bowl.
Yes, sir.
You know it.
Okay.
Bill, the douchebag.
Okay.
Take care, Neil.
1243 and other ratings are what happened to the old days?
You know, these people don't care about any of their stations anymore.
What do they care about?
Anything?
Man.
Except calling on the bat line.
Who the hell is that on the bat line now?
Who is that?
Who?
Phil Who?
Phil Who?
Okay, there he is.
Before we just got...
My head is swimming.
I feel like Esther Williams.
Oh, I'm sorry, that was bad.
I don't want to be ostracized.
Huh?
Esther Williams was never this big.
That whole silly crap over there, boy.
Are they desperate or what?
I'm waiting for Alston Ossman.
Tell all the other stuff.
We heard that a million times before.
Let's hear the good stuff, Al.
Come on.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655-946-3.
And I got to tell you something.
Here's a guy, Norman Kent, who is a friend who's my lawyer.
And he works there doing mornings on light bulb radio.
He has no clue what's going on over there.
Now, your witness, was he not just on the phone here during the New News break?
And everything he told me was garbage.
It was a bunch of crap.
And it wasn't the guy on the phone before, and he's not out of the day,
but he's going to go on with him and buy him on his in Uranus.
And, Norm, you haven't got a clue.
I think the baseball card stuff is getting to your brain.
That rotisserie baseball is starting to affect your mind, okay?
Too many Mike Falecki cards.
1247-1WIO-DN, where we're ostracized.
We're cut short from society.
And if you don't believe it, just take a peek.
Here's the X10W.
It's an accident question.
We never looked at night.
Was Hank on it all during this book?
When did Hank go on here at night?
Of course, he's never on anyway.
When did he go on?
In November?
I don't remember it.
Where the hell is nighttime, 12 plus?
Okay, let's have fun with that while we take a call from Boka.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
We're doing it.
Good, this is Rico Tico train from Boka, down over here.
I want to know what happened in the 20,000 pounds of beef in Kansas City.
Hey, you're on the wrong show, Rico.
Call up Rick and Pud, okay? That's their deal.
Give your beef to them.
All right? Don't even know what the show is listening to.
Let's see.
Where's the 7 of midnight?
Here we go. 12 plus.
Not on the first page.
Wanted to Hank go on?
We don't know.
About a month ago?
We don't know.
Not on the second page.
Coast 3, 4 at night.
IOD 292-333.
That's the highest number at night.
A little while.
We'll give the credit to Hank.
Okay, he deserves it.
Maybe he'll give us a tip someday.
Of course, that'll come in.
We have an open-line in Broward 524-WIOD Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing it.
Very good.
Neil, I need some numbers for some of the Hispanic stations.
Spanish stations.
Why is that?
On the FM dial.
On the FM dial?
Yes, sir.
Lay it on us.
We can't look.
How did XDJ do?
Money through Sunday, 6th, 7th, midnight.
Okay.
Boy, here's the guys.
Even give me the adenol.
What station do you work on?
Competition.
WXDJ, that's the radio rhythm.
What's that?
4, or what?
2554.
Well, you will first get a 12 plus.
No.
I can't give me 12.
Well, no.
One at the time.
I got it right here.
Well, that's a bonus.
Okay, give me 12 plus.
4 out of a 3.4.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, if you work at a competition, you should be happy about it.
How do you have CMQ do?
Well, just a minute.
25 to 54.
Here we go.
6th, A.M.
The midnight.
Now, what do you want to know?
XDJ.
WXDJ.
There are, let's see.
Now, they're from a 4.5 down to a 3.8.
We'll find a CMQ from a 3.1 to a 3.9.
Beat them.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Very good.
Say hi to Russ.
Thank you, Neil.
Probably Russ Oasis assistant.
We have an open line in Date County 751 Russ is a douchebag 751 WIdeers.
Hank came on November 20th.
So this includes about a little bit of Hank.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't want to say which park because we can't say that on the air.
Well, Steve can say a lot.
Mobile in Palm Beach.
Good morning.
When is this?
And how are you today?
When is Tarde.
I wanted to tell you, you're right, your buddy that called Chuck E.
He's been, you've been taking a high hard one for the past hour on FDL.
Oh, boy.
I am.
Did you know that you are an emotional basketball case?
Absolutely.
And I'll tell you, guard has, guard has offer to pay for your therapy if you agree to go.
Oh, I'm so impressed.
Do I have to wait?
Do I have to wear a dress or a skirt when I go?
I just, would you believe that just started taking calls about 10 minutes ago.
And about 75% of what I've been able to hear because I'm up for a point now.
And there's some Del Rey station that's just bleeding all over.
Yeah, it's great.
You'll be surprised at the amount of callers that are saying, you know,
get off your high alert and, you know, leave the poor guy alone.
Yeah.
Or else maybe Alice should make a little statement and kind of clear the air.
Oh, they will, they read your letter.
Or the letter that was mailed to you.
Yeah.
And it was a very emotional experience for everyone involved.
Why is that?
We already told a story about Alice at the Palace.
It was a joke.
I mean, then how they're trying to make a big sexual thing out of it.
Well, it's not only that, but they're saying, you know, 22 kids a day.
Yeah, right.
Because they listen to this show, right?
Absolutely.
Let me, let me say this to you.
Okay.
I don't want to dignify them by going on too much, but I'm going to repeat what I said yesterday.
When other people, in my position, are as out front and open and, you know, as I am,
and can laugh about it and have a good time and tell other people to do the same thing
and not take any crap from everybody no matter what they are, then we'll have something.
Okay.
So why doesn't this crackpot take his time and effort and go after the people who are harassing
gays and other minorities instead of going on a year trying to help WFT, you know, make some waves.
I help Alice get on.
Here's the guy from what I'm told.
He's a personal friend of Ali.
He was on Al Shoa and WS News.
And they're so contrived.
And of course, in the back of my mind, I really have to wonder who is behind all of us contrived controversy.
I wouldn't want to suggest by any spirit to the imagination that anybody we all know and love could have whipped us up,
you know, to again manipulate, use Neo Rogers as the battering ram to get attention.
But do you think there's any possibility of that, Steve?
Oh, excuse me.
Well, I guess what they're trying to say is that you're emotionally disturbed and you're just ashamed of what's going on.
That's right. That's why I'm in the closet, right, Alice?
Oh, is that a little backward, I guess, huh?
Oh, well.
Have a great life, Phil.
Thanks for the report.
And it's interesting.
We certainly haven't been flooded with reports, have we?
Isn't that amazing?
I wonder why?
We have an open line on the Starline, it's Star-I-O-D.
And no, let me just convey a message to Norm.
You know, if you're going to be on a station playing radio and pretending to be a, whatever you're supposed to be,
at least like find out what's going on over there.
Will you?
You're giving us some bum information, okay?
I mean, we've got to depend on our conor spies out there to find out what's really going on.
Well, let's see, Norm's office though is building with a lot of heavy cement wall.
It probably can't pick it up in there, right?
Are you still working on it, Henry?
Can you get it yet?
No, I can't.
I really can't.
Wow, I'm telling you.
Barrow has been back there, he's been twisting it and turning it, the antenna that is, and just can't handle it.
A pig report on a mobile.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah?
They're out here, all over the 95 right now.
Yeah.
They're like sitting in the middle under the bridge and they're sitting in front of solid cars not hiding.
Where is that?
I just between your motto road and glazed.
Between your mama road?
I'm out of wood and glazed.
They try to get me, but I slow down too quick.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I was coming in this morning on the turn-flight.
They're on just when you get around the Jorabi Stadium there, you know, there's that overpass.
Yeah.
And he's sitting up there on the overpass.
Uh-huh.
A pig on the bridge.
Huh?
You want to call that dog?
You're a pig on a platter.
There you go.
Yeah.
Well, everybody who was driving by was yelling, jump, jump.
Have a great day.
I tell you what, I want to do my civic, all American duty by letting everybody know that they're out there.
They're great Americans here.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, slow down.
1258, they had all the new cars.
No, in fact, they didn't have all the new cars on this point.
They were doing a thing on a CBS morning news from the auto show, the big auto show and Detroit that opens in a couple of days like a little preview.
And Leigh Aia Cokum must have bought out the whole CBS network because all they were showing it was basically at least the part that I saw, Christly.
The Dodgs, the Viper, which is going to be incredible, which Rick Riley has already ordered two or three, but after he sees the book, he may sell one.
But I don't understand that.
What was that all about?
All we kept seeing was Christly this and Dodgs that and I'm sure that we did see like a BMW, a big $75,000 Bimmer.
But maybe I just missed the good parts.
Poor Lauderdale.
You know what's up.
How you doing?
Are you at the game setting?
Yes, sir.
The atmosphere great.
It was phenomenal.
It was.
It was unspeakable.
That came out of the ribbon.
In history of mankind.
Could be one of the great games in history of Leigh.
So loud.
Yeah.
Great.
Hey, how about Sammy, though?
You get pretty good.
That's right.
Maybe he got a wake up call.
The board always looked like he was like speed walking.
You know?
It looked like it was played touch football.
And he was really hitting the holes pretty hard.
You bet.
We definitely need offered all back, too.
Amen.
Let's kick their ass.
I just wanted to say, Lou Holtz is a douchebag.
Well said, pal.
Thank you.
What a great call.
Hey, really?
I mean, he really capsized the entire world right there in about 30 seconds, which is just
what we needed because Elaine is not taking no for an answer.
She's got that news in that newsroom.
And she's not taking a crap from anybody anymore.
That's her New Year's resolution from any of those real old guys.
Rick and Sods with the payphone challenge to the sixth this afternoon.
Sports talk at 605.
Hank Goldberg with quarterback coach Gary Stevens.
I've been trying to get that in all the time.
We'll just keep running the music.
Keep running that.
Seven at W-I-O-D.
And I just want to say this.
I had a couple of calls off the year during the news.
So I know what's going on with Alice and with F-D-L and with Charles, whatever his real name is.
And there is no question in my mind who has orchestrated this fiasco, this debacle, this outrage over there.
And quite frankly, most people are not listening to it anyway.
And secondly, you know what it reminds me of when I was on Zeta?
And certain unnamed parties were going after me when we don't talk about it on this station.
And I told you why and we won't.
And certain individuals over here with the initials SK were calling this parties every day and aiding and abetting and feeding it with a lot of crap.
And then when I came over here all of a sudden and tables turned around, wow.
Boy, what a mistake.
And now Steve, you're trying to do it with somebody else because you have this up to talk about neurosis.
You've got this obsession with neo-roggers that's like beyond, I mean so far beyond the scope of anything normal or acceptable.
It's just an obsession.
And you really believe you're going to build a whole radio station by neo-bashing every day and talking about neo-roggers.
I got news for that kid's old real old.
I mean, I do a lot of bashing but I like spread it around a little bit, okay?
In addition to which, well, I'm not even doing it.
I wouldn't even dignified by going into it, okay?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, neo, how you doing?
Okay.
My family jewels are ticklish and Steve can is God.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
This is Bob.
Yeah, Bob. How you doing, Bob?
Good. How are you today, young man?
I just have a problem with this guy as the Miami-Herald Edwin Pope writing down that the Dauphin's man handles the offensive line of the chief.
I think he was a little outraged by saying that, don't you?
Yeah, a little carried away.
A little carried away?
Mm-hmm.
And also...
Because Christian Acquie, what did he gain like 80-some odd yards and he only played mostly in the second hand?
Right, right.
I think this guy was watching the rerun of the game.
Well, Edwin the Pope is just...he's in the twilight zone.
He thinks he's a big time sports writer and he writes for the Herald.
So you got to...understand, I'd look the other way.
Yeah, I think he hits the consistent stand in the first half a little too much.
Yeah, like some of the fans do.
Yeah, that's true.
Uh, another question, Neil.
Why don't we do this for the Dauphin?
Not go up there, save the money and put the money to the Camel's house.
Have a great life, pal.
All right, great.
109 at WIOD, we have an open line at Dave County.
So whatever that...do you understand what that means?
No.
751-9463, let's go to a mobile in Deerfield.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
My speaker phone sucks.
Yeah, I can tell.
I can barely hear you.
How's this? Is that better, sir?
That's great.
Okay.
Don't worry about these people bashing you.
They've got to get a life anyway.
Well, no, but it's just so pathetic.
I mean, it's so transparent.
There's desperate attempt to make like a whole radio station out of Neil Rogers 24 hours ago.
Why don't they just put my picture on their billboards or whatever promotion they're going to have
and just call it Neil Rogers Radio.
It's unprecedented.
I've never heard of such a thing.
Maybe you get some royalties out of it.
There you go.
Maybe Steve is on the way to the front.
All right, it's the new year.
You there?
Yeah, I'm here.
There's a crappy connection.
As far as it's off and go, that was a great game.
And everybody's saying, oh, they're going to go up the buffalo and they're going to go up the buffalo.
I think they're going to ride the occasion.
Well, first of all, anybody who is saying that is some kind of a fan.
I mean, I realize we could get whipped again up there.
It's possible buffalo is a hell of a team.
But, you know, it's a game.
It's one day.
One game, anything can happen.
Okay. So if you're a real fan, you don't say those kind of things.
You're optimistic and you hope for the best.
But you don't say third time to charm.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good day.
My way beat him the first time.
Anybody forget that?
We beat the crap out of down here.
31 to 6.
Did anybody forget that?
I guess.
We have an open line at Dave County, 751 and one on the Star Line star, I-O-D.
Who is that?
Phil Saltsman is on the line already?
Yes.
Wow.
I can't.
Let's go.
Boy, he must have had a hell of a new year, you know what?
I think he was out in the mushroom field in Ojos.
One 19 at W-I-O-D, Pompo-Doh.
Hey, I had no.
Couple things.
First of all, in regards to the Pompo-Doh, the harness track.
Yeah.
When I read on the program, I need a little bit of advice here.
Noritz's SVD dash and then ground, GR-O-U-N-V.
Saving ground.
What does that mean?
It means a horse has stayed on a rail all the way or most of the way in the sl-
That's not usually a very good sign.
In other words, if a horse is second or third and it's a saved ground,
I mean, it doesn't mean he won't run well the next time,
but it means that he might look like he raised better than he did
because he stayed on the inside.
Oh, he'd never made a movie to stay on the inside.
Right.
Well, he'd never made a move off the rail.
Kind of like Osvaldo for me.
Yeah.
There you go.
Excellent.
Did he ever raise that horse again, by the way?
I don't yet.
Where is it?
I don't know.
I think it makes it still be in the barn.
Maybe he left town.
By the way, when you went to your break, I kind of switched over to Alice.
At Alice.
And I think they made him fake doing what they're doing.
They're getting bad.
I don't know if you're monitoring or not.
No, first of all, I couldn't pick it up here if my life depended on inside the building.
You can hear it in the car a little bit out on 79th, but inside of building no way.
And secondly, I mean, I'm embarrassed for them.
I mean, first of all, here's the guy comes down here.
Oh, I have no desire to talk about Nia.
We're going to talk issues or talk about the Middle East.
All the stuff that's going on in the world today and the best thing to do is to bring this guy on,
who's a personal friend of his, who doesn't even use his real name.
He's such a coward.
And come on a year to attack me and to make up all kinds of crap.
You know, if they want to, I mean, that's all a fantasy.
But if that's what Alice show is going to consist of, I think at least we ought to have a little honesty in there.
So why doesn't he tell us what he's all about?
Okay.
If he's so concerned about Nia and my sex life or alleged sex life and what I'm interested in and what I say,
why don't we hear more about him?
It's his show.
That's what the rash came in.
He has no answers.
Oh, he has no answers.
Well, you know, when the people who work with him on his own station call him a wimp.
And I'm not making that up.
He was called that twice yesterday by people who work in his own station.
I think that should give you a good reason why you know, coward sits back there, bring somebody else on to bash me.
Why can't he do it himself?
Maybe you don't have the balls to do it.
Maybe somebody ought to check.
Have a great day, sir.
Good luck.
Unbelievable.
Just incredible.
But just predictable.
You know, like I said, when Steve first started over there, bring all his friends over and start this whole thing and manipulate people and try to get people to do this and say that.
And it's amazing because Norm can't tell me just as recently as a couple of days ago, oh,
has no desire to talk about you and Steve is the one that keeps supposing to do this.
Steve, and of course, we know that's true.
I remember the one of the most embarrassing shows I ever heard in my life was when Steve was over here.
And I was still in Zeta and he brought in Bob Kunst and his good pal Rick Cideman with whom he's joined at the hip.
And they for said it was almost I guess probably verbatim what they're doing over there today with different cast of characters.
And making up all this fantasy about who I do this with and who I go dream about and who I do.
It's amazing because these are people I don't even socialize with and never have.
And yet they've got all this fantasy in their heads.
And of course, Steve has spent his whole adult life on a psychiatrist couch.
And yet he has crotes over there telling all the rest of us that were nuts, etc and so on.
At a boy's feet and they're no homeless either. They're all just a bunch of bones.
I mean, King Paul, I got news for you.
Like I said before you just grace to the business, you change format every five minutes.
And you turn, you know, the keys over to your station to a bunch of guys to play radio.
I think it's embarrassing.
I was going to buy a car. I'd have to really think pretty long and hard about that, you know.
22 after one at WI OG Fort Lauderdale.
A meal. Yes.
The only good thing about FPR is between 11 at night and about three in the morning.
You don't have to listen to any commercials.
Did you know that?
Why is that?
I guess they just work for free. Who knows?
Well, Craig is on from 10 to 2, isn't he?
It's very good.
Well, you'll never hear me not Craig. Craig is a good friend of mine and a good guy.
He's not you either.
That's right. And you never will hear it either because Craig is not a phony baloney and not a
not a desparado. He's a good guy. He's got a he's a good talent.
He's like WSTER. He just doesn't say that.
Well, I wouldn't say that. But yeah, he just goes in and entertains.
He's got a good sense of humor and you'll never hear me not Craig. That's for sure.
Neil, I'm going to Vegas again on Monday.
Yes, sir.
I went in August.
Yeah. A couple of years ago, I had serious illness.
And I listened to you talk about your trip when you stayed at the Trappocannis.
Right.
That if I ever get better, I'm going to go.
Well, I went in August and I had a great time.
How can you not have a great trip?
Absolutely. The nicest people in the world.
The nicest, I've been 20 years in the Air Force.
As they say, as they say in Vegas, you bet.
Even the guy, I don't care if they had their own nights.
You bet.
And this time I'm going to be saying at the Aladdin, I did stay at the Trappocannis like you said.
You stayed.
Yeah.
Which was nice, but didn't have a horse room.
You know, the sportsport.
Sportsport.
Yeah.
Ali Aladdin's got a decent sportsport.
Not great. It's okay.
But let me tell you what happened to me, Neil.
I was tired and run down when I got there.
From all my surgery.
But the second day when I found the sportsport got to the Aladdin.
I had four tracks going in between races.
I was running out playing roulette shoot.
Right. That's what I had to do.
I was running back.
My friend who went with me said, try if you look like you never spent a day in the hospital.
I just got finished with 100 days in there.
So I have to thank you a little bit for my recovery.
Okay. Well, go on.
If you make a big killing out there, just remember us.
Okay.
Well, I remember Dr. Joe Greer, Dr. Millicope.
Okay.
Do it that way.
You know what I'm saying?
No, I sure don't.
I'm very appreciative of what you're doing.
Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Let us know how you make out.
Okay.
I know. Okay.
124 Mr. Riley's in a building.
Mr. Riley.
What?
Got kind of a quimp.
Now, if you heard any of this attack that's been going on,
come on in here for just a second and let's play the game a little bit.
Okay.
Let's give them what they want.
Let's give them a little bit of attention because I look in that I'm scoured.
Those pages and I can't find hide in her hair.
I'll hold 65 plus.
I think they got a pretty decent number like about a two.
What is it now?
About about 125 in the afternoon.
Yeah.
It's about 82.
You got it.
You know, you've been in the business long enough.
You know the market.
Your summation is perfect.
See, there are some people with good intentions like called it off the year.
And I appreciate getting a little spy report.
I'm not going to get hysterical.
They're being sucked into it.
That's just what I'm trying.
They want me to do is to get sucked into a big screaming war and back and forth.
I mean, Alice is small potatoes.
When I was on I and Z and he was on NWS, I had a nine share.
He had a two seven and most of his people over the age of 200.
Alice like a cheap imitation of me and he's been at for years.
He doesn't have an act.
He has no sense of humor.
He certainly is a wimp like his friends call him because he's got no courage.
No balls to stand up and be counted for any cause, whatever it is.
And here he's over there bringing egg in the sky.
I was got an organization of three people.
Three people.
Yeah.
And Steve Bosch and the Broward Herald has evidently given the sky a lot of coverage.
He's got him convinced.
He's whatever he is.
You know.
And it's just it's ridiculous.
Like they're going to tell me what I'm going to say and what my sense of humor is going to be.
It's a joke.
It's embarrassing.
You're right.
And like I said, with all the things that are going on in the world that they're supposed to be detox station.
And they're still clamoring away to try to suck me into what big contrived radio war.
I mean, this has got to be like the third time.
Well, I don't know what terms they're putting it in because I haven't heard it.
But I know I did hear somebody said Steve said I'm declaring war on neo-rodgers.
And now that was like two weeks ago.
And if it no shots have been fired yet.
And then Norm came on a couple of mornings ago and I did hear it.
I'm declaring war in a person of funny way because Norm and I are a friend.
But I mean, there's this ain't the war.
There may be a war next Tuesday or thereafter, but this ain't the war.
Listening to you, you make it sound interesting.
So I punch over there to see what's going on.
Yeah, and it's boring.
Yeah.
You know, you stick with it for a minute and it's boring.
It's the same old proud.
Yeah, how many months that I sit here in the summer and have MTV on and talk about the Nelson twins.
I don't deny what my tastes are.
Okay, I'm not interested in minors in spite of whatever crap they're given over there.
But, but, hey, I'm interested in good looking young guys.
Just like a lot of guys, my age are interested in good looking young women.
I have no problem with them.
I've talked about it and joke about it for years.
Right on the air here.
Now, there are other people on the air in this community who have very similar tastes
who used to put up pictures of what's David Kishon Cassidy back at WNWS
and other young Peter Barton and people like that.
If they want to talk about it on the air, that's their business.
Okay, if they're ashamed of it and embarrassed and cower in a closet, then they got a problem.
I don't have any problem with it.
Well, in between the time they wrote the letter and the time he made the appearance on the show,
I think they forgot about that freedom of speech deal.
So they kind of backed off a little bit and said, well,
and they're going to disavow you.
You can't be one of them anymore.
Well, I'm ostracized.
Yeah, I can't be a day.
You can't be one of them anymore.
Are you sure?
I think so.
Well, I feel so sorry about that.
What does that say?
There's crap about kids committing suicide.
You see, it's people who are persecuted by people like this Charles Peak or whatever his real name is.
It doesn't have the bulls use real name.
And this kind of crap isn't interesting.
We have witch hunts from people on the far right.
And you expect them as unpleasant as they are.
But when people who are members of groups who have been persecuted start doing the same crap,
it reminds me of Joe McCarthy and Roy Cohen and the 50s witch hunts.
You know the whole same kind of crap coming from within your own so-called people.
There is no gay community here and there never has been.
This is not a city like in San Francisco or New York where there's like this big body.
There's a population, but there's no such thing.
Okay, in addition to which even if there were, I'm not interested in that.
I'm interested in being me as a human being, making my statements, living my life,
and having my sense of humor, and not having somebody else dictate to me what I can say and what I can't.
And that's just the way it's going to be.
Exactly.
And they can do the same crap every day for the next 10 years.
It's not going to, certainly the audience isn't going to be impressed by it.
They're going to be revolted and turned off by it and embarrassed by it.
Your summation was totally accurate.
It's a contrived.
Yeah.
And you know, it's something that they figured they could evolve.
And let me say it again.
Well, if they're going to contrived something, what are they going to go after?
And let me say it again before he even gets on the year.
This station, as you know, we had gigantic kiss in September in the year ratings.
And hey, we joke about all the time when they're great.
We'll take credit when they're bad.
We'll cry.
But they bounce around.
But the fact is you've got solid numbers in there.
You bet they dropped.
Okay.
Mine dropped.
Reenerees dropped a lot.
The fact is they're still solid.
I look the rest of the numbers here.
I've got all the sheets.
You see them right there.
35 to 64.
I can't even find.
Now, Steve has gone from a one to last month in the trend to a one three, which is hardly any two months out of the three in the book.
That's not exactly something to write home about.
In addition to which, when you look through the demos, there is nothing there in any of the demos under 64 male or female.
So obviously that one three is almost all 65 plus, which is the FTL audience.
Now, I realize they've only started the thing a short time.
And it's going to take some time.
I'm not going to be unrealistic.
But as far as making this gigantic impact in a third baby.
So if he wants to come on to the, oh, gee, they took another hit over their recon suds.
They really suck and try to sell it like he's taken the audience away.
Well, I got news.
It has it ain't in here.
Yeah.
Okay.
Everything settles in.
And to come on like they're doing and trying to get a big thing going like I say, I punched over there.
I was ready to hear you know something good happened.
Just something just lively, something interesting.
It's boring.
A minute and a half.
And you want to tune away.
I don't understand how they can keep it going for two.
One time decadent.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
And that's, that's got to be like almost a world record.
And all of a sudden, like I said before, he did a couple of real good ones over here.
Yeah.
Well, he had the unmanagementable one on one time for three hours doing basically the same thing.
And then he did that show with cider and coins, which I can't even describe how gruesome it was.
It was just ridiculous.
And again, just making stuff up as they go along.
These are not people I socialize with or have anything to do with.
Yeah.
In addition to which stuff that they would like to dredge up from 15, 18 years ago.
Okay, that's ancient history.
Okay.
Ancient history.
Like times that I worked with Rantel.
How long has it been since I worked with him?
I left WNWS in December of 83.
So it's been like seven, almost eight years, seven, over seven years since I've left there.
I had, I think I had dinner with him once or twice in the interim, spoke to him once or twice beyond it,
having nothing to do with him.
But I'd sure like to find out.
You know, if he wants to start doing this about delving into things, I'd be fascinated to hear him tell us more about himself.
And about the people he's lived with the last seven years since we've kind of parted or gone different gateways.
And you know, let's find out just instead of this cow.
You know, my mother's on the phone.
She's crying.
I mean, grow up already.
Well, yeah, geez, I gotta understand what you're like a little punk kid.
But now the guy's got about 35 years old.
He's got to be 34, 35.
Time to grow up already, Alice.
And stop being a, a whim.
I mean, when your friends are calling you a whim, behind your back, there must be a good reason for it.
Butch up.
Oh, it's up.
Sorry.
But not supposed to say that.
No, I think that is the message.
Isn't that from his guest supposed to putch up?
It takes a lot.
See, where these people are coming from, and I had no idea who they were.
And of course, this group, like I said, is like three or four people.
They are like macho case.
In other words, they're like football player types and jot locker room.
That can't mentality.
And that's fine.
But they're evidently talk about neurosis.
They have a real problem with the stereotype of case.
And I have a problem with that too.
But nonetheless, if it's being done for fun, like you hear it done all the time, that's one thing.
If it's being done to create terror and loathing, that's another thing.
So that's where their problem is.
Well, it seems to me when you discriminate against people who are a feminine or who are transvesti or whatever.
I mean, that's all in the same category.
You know, it's just a matter of degree.
Just like there are straight people who are into whips and chains and leather,
and there are straight people who are wearing their wives underpants.
I mean, hey, that's life.
But in the context of what I hear, you don't do it to other people.
You do it to yourself.
Yeah.
And if you can't poke fun at yourself, you can't poke fun at anybody else.
Well, you know, I have the letter.
You know, it's interesting to me.
Where's that letter?
Here I brought it in.
I haven't touched it all day or the letter either.
But there's a line in here that says, when you call a man a female name,
many people conclude that gay men were home to put their panties in the wrist.
Now, Alice is my reference to Al Rantel,
and has been for many, many years.
And she's natural to stir about Alice at the palace when we didn't dinner at that poor,
luxury restaurant, which is what I heard him mention.
Okay.
Now, let me say this to you.
Al Rantel is neither fish nor foul publicly, okay, as far as on a year.
Now, if he were out of the closet homosexual, and I would call him Alice,
then it would fit in the context of this letter, even though I wouldn't agree.
But it would fit.
But in light of the fact that I don't make reference to any known gay people
by any female names, that I don't know what this letter is even talking about.
Exactly.
Unless there's some announcement coming that we don't know about.
And the other word that I have is that Mr. Manipulator over there, Mr. Ego,
is trying everything in his power desperately to prod that announcement to come.
With certain, really, well, that's what I hear from inside from one of his best friends
who also happens to work there.
He's Mr. Manipulator.
He's bad news.
Oh, yeah.
He's bad news.
Well, that's why any of them.
And again, a guy who I, and the reason they wanted his ass out of here badly
was because he has no clue as to where to draw the line.
And he's proven that over there.
It's only been there a couple of months.
He's proving it beyond the shadow of a doubt.
The crap he pulled on you personally with a crap about your wife.
And now this stuff that he's orchestrating over there on the air,
which I'm sure he's loving every second up, he has no clue as to where to draw the line.
This is why I have pointed myself from the ring.
And when King Paul starts getting the fall, fall out from the crap that they're going to wreak
upon the airwaves of their light fog over there, I don't think he's going to be too happy about it.
You know, it's one thing to talk a good game, just like they did over at God Gana when I was at I&Z and Zeta.
Anybody can talk a good game, but then when a fallout starts coming in,
and you have to pay the piper, that's another story.
It takes a lot of money to back up these arguments.
And for a station that was on the verge of bankruptcy before they made the change.
I don't know where that money is going to come from.
Could be a very short talk.
So talk is like a lot of the ten years of the format over there could be very quick.
Could be.
In addition to which I do want to say this while you're sitting here,
another one of these, let's start some trouble with the Hank Goldberg stuff.
Mike Disney was in here after the numbers came out during the news break.
And congratulating me on the numbers was even though I dropped a little bit.
They're still solid and so on.
And he said, you know, I'll reconcile dropped a little too, but he said, I like him.
They're doing a great job. And I said, yeah, they're doing great.
And the people, the listeners love him.
So that comes from the general manager of the radio station.
So there's really any this crap going on that they were getting Hank Goldberg's in training.
And we got him warming up in the locker room and he's in the bullpen.
It's a bunch of crap.
Hey, they fact the same person who I don't want to get norm into a lot of trouble.
So I won't mention his name, but the same person who works over there with Steve told me several days ago
that all that stuff about Hank is just contrived again to try to start or rift over here.
I mean, Steve, when are you going to grow up already?
Put something real on the year.
Okay, whatever your act is, find it and do it.
But man, anybody who can't see through that is got to be blind.
You know, they got to think that Sophia Coppola is like Sophia Lorenzo.
But anyway, have a nice day.
Well put.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye.
136 at WI Oscarsized D.
It will be right back to WI-D.
Well, we don't have time to play the whole thing a thousand times,
but let's at least keep the feeling alive.
Okay.
As they say over there.
North Miami.
Tell us a reporter dummy's over there.
There's no first thing as a policeman's nine-millimeter service revolver.
What is that?
Report is over where?
Oh, at the coast.
Okay.
Look at all over.
We'll jump on Mary's answer.
140 at WI-O-D.
We have an open line indeed.
Johnny made a face when I said that.
At 751-9463-751-W-I-O-D.
That was bad.
Okay, it was bad, but I thought I liked it.
Pompano.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Great.
I just, was that your remote Friday?
Yeah.
I was the Puts who came up to the table with the beautiful little girl in my arms,
and showed you the winning ticket for the first race.
Right.
You picked it.
Yeah, that's right.
Man, that was a $20-some-dollar horse.
It was $12 bet and $148 pay off.
Woo!
Bring that little girl back.
She can be our handy crapper.
That's it.
I didn't want to rub it in the hang too badly.
Let me tell you a hang.
I like cancolod.
It's a great guy, but a hang is, like most gamblers, a real BS artist.
When he up at the Dolphin game, they all he's talking about is how he hit the bet three.
Stuck around hit the bet three, but it only paid $20-60.
He didn't tell you about the $80-jillion he lost on the pick six and those first two races.
Okay, so he plunged his guts out there on Friday.
Believe me.
I've only been to a call to any horse race.
This is a second time.
I don't understand the racing forms.
I, as a matter of fact, the first race Friday, I tried to bet a Quinella.
Good luck, Quinella.
Save that for the dog track in Hyra.
Highlight, which I thought you had that remote also.
I didn't do it as well.
But the thing is, I just go over and look at the horses.
Let your little girl pick him.
Okay, let her pick the color she likes and all that stuff.
Now, wind up retiring in five years.
I was at A-list and let's see if Diane P.
The less you talk about him, the sooner he's going to die.
Isn't it embarrassing, though, to keep going back to the same old crap over?
I mean, one day I heard him a few days ago talking about,
well, let's turn it into a sports station at IOD and all he'll talk about
between the Godfather and sports.
And yet, you'd think that they've got something to talk about
and it always reverts back to Nearodgers.
So if there's so much else to talk about and I'm so boring,
how come it is they keep talking about me?
That's exactly what you're all like listening to about horse races
and the Godfather.
And whatever is timely, you know what I mean?
A hurricane thing was timely, the dolphin thing is timely,
and other Godfather everybody was talking about.
We talk about whatever is going on, you know?
Exactly.
And if he don't like it, tough potatoes.
And the number show we enjoy it.
Have a great life.
Have a great life.
142 at IOD.
Let's go up to Joe Brennan right now and Metro traffic.
Joe?
You know what you guys ought to do?
Seriously, Rickinsud's out of Starrot today.
I know Reniri would never do it because he's like asleep in the morning.
But you guys ought to start going to Tom, what's his name?
Tom Robinson.
Robert?
Well, who knows? Same difference.
It's a phony name like mine.
Tom Roberts, like it, like it, like it times when he don't expect it at all.
You know what I'm saying?
Like it for 21 or whatever.
Yeah, like a 407.
Oh, hey, how about we go up to Tom Roberts right now?
Metro traffic. Check what's going on with Skywatch 610.
But yeah.
And then just open the pot and you can hear Molly's doing traffic
and why 100 or something.
I love that yesterday at 530.
That was, I was just doing it right in my car.
I'll tell you, I had to wipe the stains off the seat.
It was just incredible.
Man.
Well, Ellen, the Metro traffic is about my beer and on the Palmetto,
they're eating bugs and bugged this time.
Okay.
Man, you people are between him and Soapa.
We're going to have a contest in 91 to see who's not there the most time.
Soapa's got an excuse. He's on tape.
Okay. He can't help it if the car doesn't recute.
Do you know that when you watch Bob Soapa on Channel 7 on the weather,
that's also on tape?
You didn't know that, did you?
Do you know that?
They've got like 10 tapes.
And what they do is they kind of like look out the window,
because they got big windows here next door.
And they check out how the weather is.
You know, if there's a little sunshine and they pull out like number one or number three,
he's on tape.
Bob Soapa, radio and TV.
In fact, nobody has seen a guy like in 20 shows up at the parades on the weekends.
He's a good guy for that stuff.
Waterhill.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I've been a dolphin ticket holder for 22 years and I'm right on the 50-yard line also opposite you.
Yeah, I saw you there the day you were going nuts.
Well, what happened was during the fourth period,
I thought I was going to have a car and I was going to have a car and I was going to have a car.
Oh, I was pacing back and forth.
In fact, a couple of people knew who I was, were you shouting up like they thought I was going to just kill right over.
But what I kept doing, I did it if I was alone.
I kept looking at the binoculars across it, you to see if you were as tense as I was.
And we were both thought if you had peanuts going there, didn't you?
Peanuts.
I thought you were chewing on peanuts.
No, I was chewing on my fingers.
But the, is that what you say I was chewing on peanuts?
Say that very carefully now.
We don't want to give them any more material over there.
Yeah.
Peanuts.
But the stands, the up and deck was actually vibrating.
Yeah.
Oh, don't say that either.
We were just talking about Channel 7.
Don't get Sarah all upset.
Yeah, but listen.
You answer real name, by the way.
Sally Fitzsend name is Sarah.
Sarah.
Play a little song for Sarah if the Sarah Fitzs.
Where it?
Go ahead.
They was either thirsty or friday and Steve was with fashion as alvans as they were going to get destroyed.
Oh, Jesus, you back on that crap again.
See, here's another guy doesn't give it in, but anything in the community is always whatever I do.
He says the obvious like a little child.
Neal says it's day.
He says it's back in the early 80s.
Remember when we had the great AFC championship, we beat the crap out of the jets and AJ.
Do we had the big day?
We had the killer bees.
And I was playing a stuff on the air in the fight song and I played some of the Dick and Burke stuff from NBC and tried to whip up some enthusiasm in his horseman or town.
And he went around the same station on WS News and he comes on the next day.
Oh, it's boring.
I mean, his whole life is based upon whatever Neal says I do the opposite.
He liked the godfather.
I say it sucks.
He's enthused about the dolphin.
I say it's boring.
They suck.
I mean, come on Steve.
Grow up already.
Will you?
I mean, be a man like El Martino.
Let me say one thing.
King Paul, you know, his card dealership is not doing well.
It's all called dealerships aren't.
And as soon as he starts to get heat and he sees he's losing sales because of what's gone over there.
You're going to see back to the 40s music again.
Well, they changed formats like people change your underwear.
So stand by.
Paul is desperate.
Stand by for the next one.
Thank you.
See you.
146 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward, 524 and one on a star line.
It's star IOD.
I want to be a star.
I feel so left out now, you know.
I do.
But I go home tonight and get ready to go to Pomona with my purple panties.
In my pink slippers.
I want to be a star.
And my cigar.
Can you be a star with your cigar and your purple panties and your silk slippers?
Hmm.
I wish I had satin sheets.
Homestead.
Yeah, it's Hainee El.
How you doing?
Fine, listen.
I'm a long time listener and this is the first time I've ever got up the nerve to call you.
Wow.
I want to talk about the sports channel on channel 43.
At least that's what it is down here in Southgate.
Yeah, you don't mean to want to stop the year, do you?
Channel 43.
Sports news network.
They went off the year.
No, they're not off the year.
Okay.
We came to them last night.
Okay.
So the overheard of the sports writer or I think that's what he is named Bill Gleason.
Yeah, oh, I love that show.
Sports writers on TV.
Well, you should have heard it last month.
Yeah.
It was around 1135 and I was kind of, that's always taped in Chicago, by the way.
All those guys are working in Chicago where he's from the Bill Gleason's from the South Bend to his paper.
Well, it's in there where Bill Gleason, a Bill Jaws, a John somebody from sports illustrated and a Ben Bentley.
Right.
And when I turned it on, this is what I heard.
They must have been talking about the Buffalo Dauphin thing.
Yeah.
And they said the weather will be a factor.
So let's play for rotten weather.
Then they got to talking about how Chicago can't play on artificial turf.
So the pair at News4, Chicago barely got by the Saints in the Saints are like a little league team.
Well, anyway, they picked a giant and also they picked, of course, the Raiders.
And they said that the Raiders and San Francisco will end up in the Super Bowl.
And of course, San Francisco will win.
Yeah.
And then Bill Gleason, he's such a nice pair and he said he almost cried when that field goal fell short.
That Laurel could.
Why is that? He have a bet on it?
No, he said that he felt that Steve DeBurg, he loves Steve DeBurg and he should go all the way.
Yeah, right.
And he cried.
Isn't it? Well, listen, we'll send him a crying town.
And also...
Poor baby.
But you got to remember Bill Gleason is from South Bend.
Okay, now, do you know what University plays in South Bend?
Oh, what?
Noter Dan.
Oh, really?
See, and they do a lot of crying up there.
Every time they don't win by 30 points, whatever kind of sport it is, they do a lot of crying.
So he probably rubbed off on him.
He's used to crying.
Well, anyway, the show, I guess they talk about a lot of different things.
I like the show, though.
It's one of my favorite shows and when they're not knocking at dolphins, it's usually a pretty interesting show.
Oh, my God, you should have heard what they said about the hurricane.
