Well, I drive up to Tonsamay, do truck in coast to coast.
I like my rig, I like the rule, but it's not what I love most.
There's a gal I'll left in Fresco, a sweet young fine name rose,
and the best dang fine about her. She lets me wear her clothes.
Well, I'm proud to be country transvestite.
And I love the world, the girls close all day.
Homemade!
Lazy bra, a frilly blast, a silken negligent.
Now I'm still a macho tough guy in a hoop you'll understand.
I was born with a big black mustache and a six back in my hand.
But when I go out for a moment, I do it well for twins.
All worse, strapless evening gown and a nose gay on my wrist.
Yes, I'm proud to be country transvestite.
And I love the world, the girls close all day.
Homemade!
I close my lips, tease my heart and sleep and lost a ring.
Now I like the way I'm living. Don't just be by my clothes.
I'm an old mercant, he man, I love legs, can he hold?
So don't look at me funny or I'll punch out your lines.
And the last thing you'll remember is a trucker in fishnet tides.
Yes, I'm proud to be country transvestite.
Travestite!
And I love the world, the girls close all day.
Homemade!
Painted lips, padded hips, my shaved legs on display.
Yes, I'm proud to be country transvestite.
And I love the world, the girls close all day.
Stouled in muse, something views, well it sends us all my way.
Yes, I'm proud to be country transvestite.
But I guess the planet holds on here and hope I don't get a run.
You know, I hate that, I hate that. You know when you chip your nail?
Nothing's like so far, it's just terrible.
I would take some of it, but it's not me.
You know what I'm saying?
I could use a bubble bath, I really could.
And I'm going to go to the shop, I am.
I wasn't starting to play that because I see Randy as playing a thing tonight.
Cut your music, why do they have such fanatical fans?
She asks, I'm sure you're very concerned about that.
Guests include the program director of Kiss Radio.
As in Kiss this, the Nashville Network and interviews with Marie Osmond,
Larry Gattlin and Genie C. Riley, and many more.
Ooh boy, maybe Randy's going back to Kiss.
You wake up in the morning early,
Wake up in the morning and listen to a man nearly the king in the morning.
He's so funny.
He's the righteous who he's good.
But the day they ride way they baby,
with the doctor's data on the radio.
Me, he's the king in the morning,
nothing me says to the morning.
He's got the music news, it's fuzzy weather baby.
He has to keep a person all together.
Me, he's the king in the morning,
nothing nice and wake up in the sunshine.
Me, he's the king in the morning.
Hey, I'm maybe you got to go to work.
Me, he's the king.
So if you've got a listen to something,
no.
Oh, oh, wait a minute.
How are you going to let it go?
Finally, the baby has returned to the dance floor.
Oh, I don't care what my father says.
I want you to hold me.
But now she's got a brand new partner.
Be quiet, can't you see I'm trying to use the phone?
Yes, it's Jennifer Gray and Pee Wee Herman.
Together again for the first time in nerdy dancing.
Hey Jennifer, what?
How about my big shoes on?
I know.
Oh, you stepped on my budget, jerk.
I know you are, but what am I?
Pee Wee, you always got to be so obnoxious?
Obnoxious.
Hey, that's the word of a dance.
No more than a movie.
It's an excuse to release another soundtrack album.
That's so funny at the back of the last nerdy dancing.
Now, showing it a playhouse near you will cry.
T-Race is a different, more of one of these things.
Different, more of one.
Okay, that's a good point.
Come, drop me down the street.
Bigger, they use these markers.
Cos' they got real bad things.
Hey, hey, but old monkeys.
The children don't run as old.
They say we smell candy funky.
And they're all stupid and grown.
We make money from reels.
And I keep a baby.
But I just wanna stay home.
Fix a nice dresser team with no women.
Hey, hey, but old monkeys.
And here all who's in our hair.
This week, here on the TV.
Next week, America.
You gotta enjoy that gildonism.
It's the mug.
Day morning meal, rudges show.
I'm set before.
Okay, that's great.
1118 at WID.
You know you're still there?
Yeah.
What happened?
I don't know.
You thought I was West Palm or something.
Well, where are you?
Boca, I said.
Well, it's close enough.
Yeah, what ever happened to stand major?
Whatever happened to him, he's alive and well in plantation.
And life goes on.
Is he working at a station?
For Mike Wayman, I gotta sign a little autograph here.
When you're a big star, when you weigh 450 pounds.
I heard that last night.
The only station you'll see stand at is probably Amico over there.
I'm Brad Boulevard.
But he's doing okay.
I heard you were mentioned on Larry King.
Yeah, you didn't hear the tape?
No, I heard it like around 450 pounds.
But we have it on tape.
Do you wanna hear it?
Yeah, yeah.
Now, will you hold on?
Yeah, sure.
Then you can come back and come.
I'll put you on hold again.
You're probably used to it by now.
Hold on a second.
Ashford and Simpson locked.
Well, I've done that twice.
That's three mistakes.
That's for that old bitch that called before.
Have a great life, Mike.
And, uh, butch up a little.
He's your Rogers.
Oh, he must be jealous.
He's jealous, eh?
I guess.
You know what they did today?
They said anybody here in Miami who's owed money
by Larry King turned your headlight on.
I'll tell you what, I look like this whole damn town
was going to the funeral.
I get, he's, I feel sorry for Neil.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, well, if you knew the whole story, he said.
But, yeah, he doesn't make a lot of money.
And he's been in that market a long time.
And he really would rather, probably, he'd rather write on his horses.
So he gets kind of sad.
But he's been jealous the long time.
I haven't seen him in, uh, what is this 1990?
The last time I saw him was in 1970.
I saw him in 1970.
And then he called me the day that he admitted he was a homosexual
on the year he called me to thank me because I had had
Sergeant Maclubick on the air the night before.
And he had heard Sergeant Maclubick.
His name is Matt Lovitch.
Matt Lovitch Larry.
Since passed on with AIDS, uh, encouraged people
who were homosexuals to come out of the closet.
And Neil had heard the show and came out of the closet the next day.
On his own radio show and then called me to thank me for having Maclubick on.
And it's the last time I've ever seen him or schooled him to him.
And then I've heard some people like yourself saying he does this.
But I feel very sorry for people who are kind of caught in that local web of jealousy.
And I've heard he weighed like 400 pounds.
But I haven't seen him.
You know, the last time I saw him I'd say weighed 350.
Okay, that's it.
Now, are you a homosexual now?
Uh, today.
Oh, this is Mr. Radio?
Oh, my God.
We went to the Wondery Hang-On so long.
That's Mr. Radio.
21 after 11 at W.O.D.
And we have an open line in Broward, 524, 9463.
Maybe pansy would be a live up to that.
We have an open line at Palm Beach, 655.
I can't believe it.
Now, listen, you always call from Daytona.
He wasn't called from Maboka.
He called from Daytona Beach and lied about it.
You make a sick Mr. Radio, okay?
Get some seats, dear.
Get the party on the beach.
What's the matter, dear?
Oh, Grandpa.
Men can be such...
Oh, oh, here, honey.
Why don't you try some of this nice hot Luther Campbell suit?
Luther Campbell suit?
But Grandpa, we just had two live stews last night.
I know, but this is...
What is different, that song?
It's got the whole alphabet in it.
See the little letters?
Hey, you're right.
Look, there's an F.
And a U.
Get the nut.
Try it, honey.
Now, it's completely tasteless.
Why would anyone eat this?
Why?
It'll be so hungry, that's why.
Luther Campbell's funky suits.
Homey Cooked Tays So Vunky.
You'll be tempted to eat it with a poop.
No, I won't let you shut now.
I'll say it for you.
Oh, yeah.
Mmm, bad, mmm, bad.
Luther Campbell's the star.
Oh, word.
Okay, 1126.
Wow, we're doing it.
Let's just put that on Endos loop and go home.
Let's try Tamarack.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was at Pompo-no last night making my weekly donation.
Yeah.
And I ended up with a spa report.
I think week is my word at Pompo-no this year.
That's W-E-A-K.
I've been real week.
I haven't even come close this year.
I just don't know the screen reader banana.
Do you remember hidden stale raceway?
I've never been there, but a new hamstring, man.
Yeah, rocking ham.
I've been there many, many a time.
There's Pugboy and Bucky Day.
Bucky Day, that's right.
In a desperate drive.
Bobby Huntress.
Do you remember General Washington?
There's Beckwith.
What was his name?
What?
No, Beckwith.
There was Ted Wing.
Ted Wing, Alex Winger.
Uh, where we go?
Do you know how much the audience hates this when we do it?
That's why I like to do it.
How about Steve Warrington?
It's called, Steve Warrington's good.
He's that whole warrington family man.
They can drive a horse.
How about, you know what Larry King said?
I'd rather be riding the harness horse.
That's what Larry said.
How about, um, Green Mountain raceway?
In Vermont.
Longsons closed, innit?
Roamson, Scalhegan.
What?
Scalhegan downs in Maine.
No, I'd never been to Maine.
They got those great tracks like Cumberland and Scarborough.
Right, they do a, uh, 235 mile up there.
Yeah.
The, uh, but I have a spire report for you.
Okay.
Alan Finkelson's son.
Mike.
Fell off of a golf cart while working in valley parking.
Might knock some sense into him.
No, it knocked money into his pocket.
He's on work as compensation.
When was this?
Uh, it happened last week.
I saw him at the track left.
You saw him?
Yes.
Saw.
Yeah.
And he was complaining about the fact that he can't go back to work in valley parking.
Mike's always complaining because he never, he hasn't cashed a ticket in 20 years.
No, he hasn't.
I can't find the Hank Goldberg cart, isn't that enough to really may have frost your ass a little bit?
How about a Pine Hollow Stood Fond?
Is that frost you?
Who?
Pine Hollow Stood Fond.
Don't know it.
Martin Finder.
Yeah.
Harold Dancer Jr.
Yeah.
Dr. J.
Dr. J.
I just thought I'd sneak him in there.
Okay.
I would like to take this opportunity to call two of my friends, Oscar and Joey, who will be playing rocket ball this afternoon.
Yeah.
Dooshbags.
Okay.
And I look forward to seeing you with the track.
I'm coming up tonight.
I'm coming up there tonight.
I'm playing El Ambaro.
Stay the hell away from me.
Okay.
Go away.
But I go down here.
Thanks for your money for Camilla's house.
Now just stay away.
Don't come anywhere near me.
Just to stay up there at your little table.
And Shmoos with Alan, the assistant major, de up there and leave me alone.
Hey, I got a great idea of why.
He's like a kisser that all I got to do is see him.
And immediately I just can't pick my nose.
Why don't you have a race up there for Camilla's house dinner?
Well, I'm going to talk to Alan tonight.
A Finkelson tonight is about doing something for Camilla's house.
You're all well.
We'll all make donations and go up there and get a night of racing.
I got news for her.
They could build their whole new building with the I've left at Pompoon, already this season.
Don't be left at Pompoon, though.
You bet.
What about wheeling downs?
Good luck.
Good bye.
See you.
Another hyalya call?
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Five hours of sports talk.
All right.
Here we go.
In other words, you haven't even heard what Hans is going to do yet.
You're already passing judgment.
Which is right next to passing gas.
Is he going to stay on sports talk now?
Or is he just...
No.
Well, I find his own show and he never appears there anymore.
Well, I wouldn't say he'd never appear there, but he's not going to be on that show.
Okay.
He's got his own thing.
They got their thing and he's got his thing and never the twang shall meet.
You're going to make him promise not to talk sports.
No, he's going to talk some sports, but he's a well-rounded guy.
And if you've seen him lately, I know what I'm talking about.
I'm very around.
Now, Hans is a fun guy.
He'll develop a thing.
Oh, speaking of Steve, you'll never guess who is New Best.
Well, let me ask you this question before.
I don't want to try to sway you, but who'd you rather hear from me to a level?
Randy Martin or Hank Goldberg?
Stan Major.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, what is it about the Steve?
His New Best Buddy in the World.
Besides Rick Ciderman?
Alex Bennett.
Yeah.
Yeah, they met up there and while they share this one contempt, you know, anybody who's hostile
toward me is Steve's Best Buddy.
That's his whole thing in life.
Rick Ciderman and Bob Coons, and Ellis Ruben.
That's the only guy that he knows that I like and it likes me as Norm Kent.
And that's his new motivation for why he's out to get Rick Riley.
Oh, yeah.
He's available.
You know, I'll be honest.
Did I punch him up at all yesterday?
I think for about 30 seconds on a way home.
And what was he doing yesterday?
Open phone.
I don't remember what it was, but whatever it was, it was so terminal.
I just punched it out.
I told you the novelty wears off very fast, okay?
Now, now he's grasping at the fact that Rick Riley stole Alex Bennett's job.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he stole somebody's job over there at FTL.
He brought in fact, he did it in the most devious way of all.
He brought in his own sponsors and he blew somebody out.
Whoever was doing midday because they moved Mike Roberts up to 10 to 2.
So somebody got blown out to make room for him.
But he's still making $250 a year.
At least.
Maybe half a million.
That's what he said.
I said, how's it doing working on commission?
Hey, you said, let's say you make $250,000 a year.
Oh, God.
Well, you can't teach an old dog new tricks, sir.
That's true.
Have a great life.
Brut load.
11.40 cents.
11.47 at WIOD being a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I have a couple of spy reports.
Okay.
I was up on the I-75 and just caught some Steve King yesterday, his big five to six hour.
Yeah.
He comes back from the news and he's screaming to his, I guess, his producer, whoever, he was screaming.
He said, what are you looking at me that way?
You could hear every other word Steve was saying apparently his mic cord was being disconnected or something
Hmm, and he was just yelling you know maybe they're tying Steve cords again
Yeah, and he just they are another technical difficulty
It was a major well good luck to him a little. It's a real bush league operation
But the guys got to make a living. He's got a family to support
He's got to go out there and sell those spots and beg everybody to support his sponsors and the plead and and I was I don't mind supporting Steve
Spots is but I don't think leather Weinstein is what I'm ready for yet
No, not yet, not yet. You know, I won't enjoy it in supporting those
Well actually any of Steve's sponsors actually
But and then I was listening to Rick and sides and he had a a guy talking about pirated music and Evan call
Who did Evan one of their own Evan? I got to apologize to Evan
He was over at the remote at specs on Wednesday, and I didn't recognize him
He's got this funky little go teen out and he looks so bizarre
Well, he had what you up Evan? Yeah, he said
He's an assistant manager at a record store and being in the industry
He knew quite a bit of what they were talking about I didn't pay for the beer. I'm glad you found that one
You isn't at great. Why feel a lot better now?
Well, and I like you say I don't think Hank is gonna do
Five hours of sports. No way. I mean he'll do he'll enter spursala sports just we'd like I do an issue
But it's not a sports show or he has to get all his food topics in and he's big with the women too
So he'll that's what we hear
Yeah, I think it's only a rumor. I think it's only a rumor. Well, you have a good day
Only his hairdresser knows for sure. That's true and before I go. I'd like to call John and Jim a douchebag
Okay, thank you. See I don't come any better than Anglebert burned about
Water's worn
You come your often
Pardon me. Have you been here before no first time?
What's your name? Freeway freeway that's nice. I'm big it. Please do need you big it's right here
You were here to get
Cleaner what oh, I don't know
You work around here. I'm a waiter, but Ashley I'm an actor. Yeah, yeah, I know what the top is
Probably need to rely on
How say but you know with everything it's a news and all it's to hate you can start relaxing right now freeway
I
Brought something
She
And freeway not just any she either
Look wow
Gold
Candy candy
Here's the most important part freeway from the pro tech label pro tech
I'm chosen Doran by the city council of San Francisco
Absolutely, you know the pro tech slogan. I sure do
Certified safe by the city by the bay
Well, what do you say?
Doran look at that. I dropped the soap again
I'll get you bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have
Condoms
Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings and public showers always carry pro tech
Don't doubt know what it's all about the pro tech
So they won't send you a
Protect condoms division of black black house and garden that's the golden vision
Keep the situation safe since 1887
Hollywood hey Neil what's happening? How you doing? All right?
One of wish a happy birthday happy anniversary even though it is a little bit late. Well, thanks a lot. Okay, listen
I got something for you to hear. Mm-hmm. It's only about a minute long. Can you know what is it? Give me a little hint
It's called the rubber song the rubber song the rubber song. I'm not gonna have to dump it. No, no, it's clean
Okay, all right
There we go. Okay, we're ready for it
Okay, it's 11 after
Wow, I always like those especially when they're like real far away and in that case
I think maybe a little farther would have better. Hello. Yeah, I got a big report for you Neil. Okay
I mean beach and Erie Hickey's a douchebag. All right
Shirt and sweet which we needed
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in San Francisco
Good morning, Neil. Are you really in the city by the gate the bay? Yes, I am come on. Put you down a little. Okay
I woke up listen to Alex for
Maybe 20 minutes. Yeah, his guest was Mary Wilson and the supreme we comes back from the news
He wasn't five minutes into his
Goose around with the live studio. Are you think guess who he mentioned?
Eric Lambert you come on here. Mm-hmm. And you bash me. Yeah, I could I I fell over
I mean even here he's well Alex likes guys without too much hair or talent
I was about the only exception he's ever made
So it's gonna be nice and warm for a change here today really what about 40 now it's supposed to get up to middle 70
So is Diane finestein coming back to the foothill now is she coming back there with a tail between her thing
I haven't even picked up a newspaper. I have no idea what I usually call you from sweet water. She came pretty close. I'll tell you
But evidently you don't care
That with bottoming because that be Wilson man. He never saw a free-training wooden steel what a guy
Hey, listen, it's a screwed-up state. What can I tell you?
It's great here now boy the sun is shining and the uh, oh, it's just a heaven
Everybody's real mellow kind of laid back just the snoring and mixed up around yeah
All right, just wanted to give you Colin say hey from the west coast
Well, be sure and call Alex and give him our best
No, it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift. Yeah
To come here and take your shift here. Well, guess what what next year
I see you wow a call from San Francisco that made my day around here
It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life
And I'm driving to work. I have a show to do when I'm getting ticked off at you
I have if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now and kick your goddamn teeth in like ability is probably the key word
Yeah, I'll tell you what to use your left to definitely appreciate a mold on my brain
You're nobody
Till somebody loves you
I want to hear about that litter box format
You're nobody
Till somebody cares
You're my big king
You're my possess
The world
And all it's gone
But go won't buy a happy man
When you're growing old
The world's still the same you'll never change
Okay, here we go. We're getting to the really good stuff now look out
As long as the stars shine upon
Before we let that finish can I ask a simple question what the hell were they thinking about when they put that man on a year here?
What in God's name possessed them?
To put that slime on the ear I just uh
When nobody is somebody
But that's that
To find yourself somebody
I'm just anybody
Find yourself somebody
Thank you
Okay
Happy uh whatever it is Alex happy uh 40th birthday. He's down to 49 you know that
A year from Sookas he's gonna be a teenager again. We have an open line in date 751 Eric Lambert is God
And one in Palm Beach 6559463 6555
W I O D
Pembroke Pines
Yeah
What's not working? What about when I'm doing wrong here?
Well I have to stop that and figure it out. Figure it out and stop that
That's all overwhelming. All right we get some calls
Got some numbers. I get some empty lines
Wow. Oh no not landy mountain again
Okay, let's go to uh
Daniel
How listen I turn those Steve Caves to hear what he sounds like yesterday
And the first color guess who it was
No, I heard Gilbert
Oh no
Yes, they're sucking up to them saying how great they are how happy they are to the back now
I want to tell you something if I always told you about watch out for the chronics
There are a bunch of phony but suckers and they fly around like butterfly
I create like a bumblebee they flip from one perch to another
I hope they're pollinating everywhere those two of the biggest phonies
They were on with Rick and suds in the beginning doing their little uh joint at the hip routine on the phone
And sucking around with them and then they came over here and they ruined our Wednesday lunches
And now they're all of a sudden sucking around over there. Yeah, they were they were basher Rick and suds two things
They called them Steve Kane Jr. or whatever
Unbelivable Steve Kane said yesterday is that he told everybody well who was listen one person
That uh you really oh I guess you must have been the one
He said that you really don't like Rick and suds you just give him positive things
Well, you know, it's really interesting that he makes those things up because I have never I haven't spoken
To Steve since they came here. I've the only time I've spoken to him right here on the air
I've never said that. It's totally untrue and it's another if he if he said that which all I have is your word
It's another one of his lies just like just like the thing about the Disney telling us we can't put any callers on who'd mention his name
Steve, why do you make up so much BS? Let's let's send Steve a big shovel, okay?
I'll say what he said he said if
If somebody asked you and you were to answer honestly on a scale of one to ten you being a ten how
Rick and suds are doing and you were to be totally honest you would say no more than a one
Oh, yeah, that's when they got a four seven in the last book
What was Steve's last number here a three five with some very embarrassing demographics?
I know Steve Kane is listening. He is totally boring and that'll be the last time I ever listen to that
Now you'll turn it on again. No, I swear I won't know Rick and suds are great. I agree with that. Okay. Okay
But just keep making it up Steve just keep desperately flailing around trying to cause that big controversy because
It just ain't happening. I mean like I said I wish him all the luck in the world and I his his success or lack of it
It is gonna have nothing to do with Rick and suds or this station
I mean the only thing this station has got to do with it is we've given him more promotion than over there
Which is nothing because they haven't got two nickels to rub together at FTL
But that's about it. So we certainly can't blame us for we've given him a big send-off
But uh jeez you got to make your own thing you got to do your own show
You can't try to siphon off from the rest of the world forever. You have to uh stat in your own two feet be a man
Like Marlon Brando said and we still want to know what the Helenos about it United States
Has no quarrel with the Iraqi people
Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression
Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait
Just the way it's going to be
Up to his head and blow away this key
We want you to be on fire to my head
And get down where I'm going to stand
And I'm going to stand
And I'll be the champion in the city
And he's going to pay
Saddam Hussein
Saddam Hussein
Double table one
And the cubs get out of the top of the eight and still leave
For the three okay, that was a meds game. I just mentioned that okay here. He calm down
news talk radio six 10 W I O D presents the Neil Roger show
Get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day in Broward is 524 W I O D
Palm Beach six five five W I O D and bell south mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star I O D
The opinions expressed by the guest host are callers are not necessarily those stations
Now here's Neil Rogers a news doc radio six 10 W I O D
This is the Neil Rogers one to two hour you got a problem with that snap ahead
They say you're young and you don't know anything but making bagel dough
Oh, I don't know if that's quite true. I know enough to move
I love you
Yes, share
And I got your gold card share
I know you can't afford the rent on what you make we'd be stuck in a tear
Yet that's true, but this feels right and can't you see on just a parison
I
So let them say it's just a whim. We know it's deep. We both go to the gym
Yeah, I got you to pay my bills. I got you for your bedroom skills
I got you to break into showbiz. I got you to play with my kids. I got you because you got money
I got you because you're tall and sunny
I got you babe
By in paper the beer
Herman and McBean on WGTR. Miami fuck out of the Ellen the Palm Beach's
South Florida's only true rock and roll morning show
Part of a cooler than hell summer
Continuous rock and roll 97 GTR. She's gone. We lost her the struggling lady is gone
She's been wild all day. We can't get her on a year. Come on honey. Just one time same old belching in the same old
Fetching come on give us a break already hold on for a second
Okay, let's start in Broward this ought to be great. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes
Well, I got a button for Larry. Oh, why? I got a button for Larry when your memory goes you can forget it
Great
And front of the big hotel on Miami Beach but it was just a shlipper
He went in the back for a break there. Yeah, instead of playing the horses he rode up
Mm-hmm
Well, I don't tell you that was a good idea. Wish it was down there to put my life on yesterday
I'm never to do with that. Oh, no, but it was a good idea. Yeah. Well, we're gonna do it. Yeah, good enough. Have a great life
Wow
109 at W.I.O.D. What is all that stuff? Do we have any mail by the way? Plantation. Hi Neil. Hi
Who is my anniversary of the day? So I called Rick and Sud show and they said
I was trying to decide between the melting pot and the armadillo cafe. Yeah, Rick said go to the melting pot
I think it's because he lives in Coral Springs. Mm-hmm. And Sud says go to
Armadillo and I heard Armadillo on your show so we decided to go to the armadillo and it was outstanding. It's outrageous
Oh, it's great. It's our guess mix. It was a good night. What'd you have? I had the seafood Diablo
Mm-hmm
And it was outstanding and we had the black and white soup
And we had my husband had the yellow tail snapper
Mm-hmm. Oh
It's terrible to go there because it's one of those deserts. Did you have the desert? No, I didn't have any room for dinner. We had that mocha crembrouli. Oh
man
I couldn't I could not force another thing and we had the the nachos before I had in the soup and then we had the appetizers and that was funny
I gave you lots of food. That would
But no way I couldn't eat all that. I want to go back and try salad and dessert. Well, try that when you try
dessert try that mocha crembrouli. It's got like a real thick crust on it
In fact next week maran's gonna go out and put some of that crust from the mocha crembrouli and somebody's pants
But it's tremendous
But don't tell Rick. I won
Because I just want him to know that such has a better suggestion. Some other
What are both great? Yeah, but I live close
Being in plantation Armadillo was closer and I was not disappointed at all
From the outside you'd never in a million years you would never know was anything there
It's just like that kind of Yahoo Davy
Hickley like I need to go get some muffler parts
Right, right while you're pulling up your horse up to the hitch and post
That's right. This I'd heard Randy mentioned last night that
She could get a memo about how much was collected for come know this
It's actually set on the air how much you had collected great well good for her
Yeah, she's getting her peas and cheese down
We're working extra hard on it because she'll probably be over there pretty soon. So
We're doing our best. Oh, Neil. It'll be fun to have Hank though. Yeah
But I like to read the article about Rick and the
I've just been perusing. Yes. I just been
Picking little spots and realize what a nice guy he was who said that the Harold
He talked about it. I mean he has some some personal things in it. Oh no, and that respect the out, but don't let it fool you
But I do agree that he has gotten a little bit less of a homer listening to him on the radio can be
While he's uh suds is gonna loan him his compass
Which direction should he go exactly where is that ball have a great weekend thank okay 114
Classic 1010
Can walk in more classics in a row on 97 GTR you don't play the man in cisterns
Oh, man, there's some heavy-duty stuff in there and here's one that doesn't even have a label on it. It's probably blank
Get ready with your finger on that button for loaded-elf Florida. Hello. Hello Larry first time caller. Hi listening on WIOD 16
My means my my old station. Yeah, your old station two two things
I wanted to get your comments on Neil Rogers both professionally and personally
Well, I got to tell you this
This is people will never believe this this cart hasn't even got a label on it
And I had no idea what it was. It's in the bottom of the thing. There were all this GTR stuff and there it is
It's almost like a an old man and also how would you go about getting into talk radio and I'll hang up in with someone called earlier
I haven't heard Neil in years
I have no idea
I remember the time when I remember the time when he came on the air and came out of the closet
Yeah, and then I left my army shortly after that. I have not heard him since
He does a kind of shock value kind of it's not my kind of I'm told he does it a shock value
He showed it, you know, what can I say next to shock you and that's not my kind of speed
As a workable. I haven't heard him in
13 years Nashville hello
Wow
Boy, thank God we saved that
119 on a very Larry King intensive Friday. It means there must go I probably win $50 tonight right at pompato
That's what it sounds like unlabeled old GTR carts and finally Michael
I know it's a holiday and president Bush is vacationing and Kenny bunk port main enjoying the day off from the White House
But hey, I still want to give him a call and say happy fourth july after all it is the nation's birthday
Okay, well now jury still out sure spray cans maybe bad for the ozone, but you're going to take away bars canna
The old five well, she'll look just like Edgar winner
Oh
Boy we got some wild stuff a little channel seven car there. It's incredible and speaking of wild stuff
Daniel, are you doing you'll never guess who's on the phone now
This is pretty a heavy duty pretty heavy
First of all, you're shouting okay, we can hear you I know you're emotional and you're trying to flex your muscles
You do want to be yeah, I know how it is, but just relax take a deep breath. We got lots of time
Okay, okay, let's just aimalyze the entire situation now and fight it exactly if you guys are as disloyal and uh, I just
Like to say one thing you saw it. I didn't call Ian call by himself alone
You know, I didn't know about you know by himself alone
What?
Wait a minute hold on a second. What line is out quick?
She's gone oh
She's gone that was the old bag she hung up
Yeah, go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah, well like I said I denied calling I never called Ian call yeah
So I thought I'm sorry
I'm just gonna go. Yeah, but weren't you on with me with Ian a couple of weeks ago with news broke that mr
Pain was coming back on the year
And you were saying oh boy, we are so ecstatic and boys are gonna be great. Those guys are okay
But we're all right and weren't you the same guys that came on with them in the beginning when they first came on in the afternoon and
sucking around a calm together and I mean, I don't understand what kind of
Loyalties you guys have got
You know this is incredible. This is even suds of standing there with his mouth down to his to the thing down there and the other of it can't believe you
How can you call guys on the area go on about how great they are and become a little superstar? You're like a radio butterfly
You're like a butterfly
I
Don't know I have nothing to say no, that's not an answer
Well, no, Calvin but you know, but I know it won't be easy. What is it?
Well, I was in a Steve Steve came before I can start to come on. Yeah, and then I was never can stop
But I always been listening to you. No, no
Don't say oh you sound like Steve you're sucking around me and that's not gonna work
That doesn't play with me though, but we're not discussing me. We know this show is great. Okay
Bottom line is two to six in the afternoon. You've got your choice
You can let's have some fun with Rick and suds or you can listen to a man making a living on the air self-promoting with
85 minute breaks and traffic and the trying to figure out how to get out that little room and if you want that's fine
But I don't understand why one day so these guys are great and you're having a great time and the next day
You're like sucking around is that what you want to be known for all your life is sucking around?
Come on
Stand up for yourself. Don't be such a wimp just because he has got you
You know in a submissive kind of an attitude. Why do I do like Steve Kane? I mean that's a thing. What do you like about?
Fun, how about that show Tuesday the four-hour funeral for my or Kahanie on air? Do you listen to that show?
I didn't listen to that one. Why not?
Do you know listen to it? Oh, would you have listened to it? Oh?
Not really. Oh, why not? Oh
And what's going on?
Conversation with you. I'm not trying to sell one way or the other because to each its own if whatever makes you happy
What about when Alice Rubin is gonna be on with is that gonna be fun?
What about when Rick Cyderman is what you've heard all those guests a million times if you're a Steve Kane listener, haven't you?
The last word that's what I'm saying absence makes the parts grow fonder
But
Great all the time well
Why didn't when we just take have a telephoto collection and take up the money and then you know maybe can do a show
You're waffling Kelvin I know
Well, I'm frustrated. I you should be flustered Rick Riley is wounded
He's heard. He's a sensitive emotional basket case already and you guys are like butterflies
One day they're great now Steve's great and if like some real famous person like John McHugh comes on the afternoon on QA
And you'll be gone. I'm saying you're great
Why don't you want you?
No, definitely not I think the least you can do like Monday's the holidays come over here and take your clothes off in the studio
The least you can do to make up for it
Okay, okay, see you. Let's try Fort Lauderdale. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay? I heard a room. I want to know if it's true
Yeah, I heard you are a baguette. Is that true? What a baguette pansy? Oh
Ian is on the phone. How you doing? Yeah, oh boy you guys are just out of control
You need to get like a life transplant YouTube. I want to tell you Rick Riley and sudscova
I'd like to come to your house and beat the crap out of you with a two by four
Kelvin needs to bridge up a little bit. Yeah, well, that was a wimpy call
I mean what at least admit that you guys are butterflies and you're insincere and you're like
Suck around everybody
Mostly each other markets up 30 points. I would never fly away from you Neil
See you're doing the same thing. He was doing I'm not impressed by that
That's the that's the oldest chronic talk radio tank thick in the world of suck around with the host
It I see through that see you're not talking to Alex Bennett now
But it's the truth. I never spoke to Alex Bennett. Yeah, right, but if you would have you oh Alex
You're the greatest can we come down to be in your live studio audience?
Oh, can we come down and suck around eat your food and ruin your show? Of course he didn't need any help
No, but okay, well you won't believe it, but I don't believe you already because when you preface the statement by saying you won't believe me
It's pretty obvious that you're full of it. Well because you don't believe me so I
Preface it. Well, what's what's the philonia statement?
I know it's to see that you know, I was I mean I'm listening to you and Steve can originally that's how we knew Steve
Came before what does that have to do with Rick and putt?
No, it's really nothing to do with it. I mean, I don't have nothing against him. I don't really care about him either
But the point is see you both are missing the point if you were just like kind of like casual callers
And you were part of the vast audience out there the passing parade that would be one thing
But I have a good memory, okay?
And I remember back in the beginning when these guys first came on a station the two of you always intend them like joined at the thing
We're always on the phone just heaving you're inating all over them and just carrying on and oh, I mean you were just
It was just phenomenal
It was mind-boggling and then all of a sudden the first day Mr
A contrived ego comes back on you. Oh boy, we they're okay
But boy he's really and then I ask your pal or what's so great? What do you enjoy? Did you hear this?
Oh, no, well, I can't listen on that day and oh no if I heard this will probably be boring
Yeah, say on your doing is you're just I don't know what you're doing. What are you doing?
What do you want to be trouble makers is that I don't want to be trouble makers a trouble maker try to get Rick Rally's blood pressure up
And cause him to have some kind of a cardiovascular accident sir
At least he's got a nice car though play some good music today Johnny. What is it?
At least he's got a nice car to go home in now
Rick I'm not kicking you out of here, but it's time to go on the air Johnny dork. There he goes over to the coast
Right he took a big deal breath a big thing of helium before I went over there
Okay, it's 82 along the coast I can hear right now. He's gonna be great today and always last day
I want to tell you no, no don't try to change the subject
We still have about a minute to go here. I want you to try to explain to these poor guys why you are turn coat
I mean no reason you're like you're like the
Angus Allen of radio or was it Ethan Allen or Ethan?
Whatever his name was no, I'm not like I mean anything like a Gilbert
I'm not even close. I listen to you your turn coat. I listen to you
Rick and sir in Steve's can't or see people I've ever listen on a.m. Radio. Yeah, well that is still not responding to our question
Well, I mean, I mean why did I turn on him? Is that what the question was? Yeah?
No reason really I still was listening to them so Steve can't came back. Yeah, well
That's really it. Did you like did you like the myer connoissell?
No, that was that day I didn't listen. Are you gonna listen when Ellis Rubin is on actually?
I think Ellis Rubin's kind of you like Rick Siderman. I don't even know who that is. Oh, I mean, I know you how about Reverend
Reverend eunuch Polis I actually like I told him yesterday. I'm like you run lady into that
That's kind of I know the British are into that tea in the afternoon
Well, I don't know. Yeah, I think you guys are kind of like
Spend a real club maybe go up to a new Hampshire or something for the weekend together
We wait for me kind of cozy up over in front of a warm fire and discuss this under less pressure when you're away from all the
Immediate pressures of this radio market and kind of gets your thing together
You know, like in January, I might be going up to University of Maryland. Oh promise
I'm gonna be depressed there. How about I could listen to you every day?
Well, you can pick up FTL up there. I'm sure have a great weekend in
You're full of it. Okay. Oh, okay. Wow. Boy a couple of radio phoneies there
They're not full in any of you folks. You're a lot too sharp for that, right?
