This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Bite it!
Here we come.
Little black banditos.
And they're gonna run your party.
Here we come.
So you'd like to a fat.
And they will not die until they suck your dry.
Or until you slap their guts off over your face.
Sometimes I spray on some ups, but all they do is just cough.
And go right back to the vein where they left off.
Here we come.
Little black banditos.
And they're making me crazy.
Malarion, such you'd like to a fat.
Here come the musty dog.
Here we come.
Little black banditos.
And they're gonna make me crazy.
Let's give them a ride.
And I'm gonna hold the gun.
I'm gonna hold the gun.
Povol 7, a WI-DC.
One good thing, at least we're consistent.
Nobody cares at Mel Allen Croke.
Nobody cares about the value jet that the FAA was killing people.
And they finally just changed their mind and said,
maybe we'll stop for a while because it looks bad for us.
Nobody gives a flying crap about this stupid judge, bitch.
So I say, I say, let's just cancel all the newspapers.
And let's just read USA Today.
Okay, in fact, let's not read it.
Let's just look at the colorful pictures.
Okay, and a cartoons at the funny papers.
That's it.
That's all we need to do.
Okay, let's just take the Suds Coleman approach to life.
And just be professional goofballs.
Let's sit around eating baloney sandwiches all day without the bread.
Watchin' Star Trek and the Jetsons.
Here's the Miami. Hello.
Now, a nail?
Yes, sir.
Yes. One that's calling.
Thank you for the Atkins diet.
Uh-huh.
Terrific results.
Last six months.
As far as weight, 29 pounds.
But the all-important triglycerides up around 600 dropped to 123.
And also the cholesterol dropped dramatically about 60 points.
How do you like that?
All these skeptics out there that say, oh no, it's bad.
You're going to get hardening at the arteries and you're going to get this.
And you're going to have a heart attack.
They're full of crap.
And we eat all the eggs.
It's real eggs.
They haven't eaten eggs in 10 years.
Eggs and steak and it's delicious.
And I love it.
Water and lobster and like stuff.
And it's so easy.
Right.
Yeah. Terrific.
If people keep from sending your food, it's easy.
One thing about Brian Blades as the father of young children.
It's really true.
You keep waiting for these guys to be exposed for what they really are.
Sugs.
And you help something comes along to equalize it.
When you see a guy like Michael Irvin, for example,
that's making the kind of millions of dollars, a guy who can barely pronounce his own damn name, much less spell it.
And you see these guys making millions and millions of dollars for going out there and be a bunch of dumb jocks.
And then having to be involved with drugs and all this other crap,
it really makes you just sick to your stomach.
You know what?
The average guy out there works his brains out day in and day out and tries to support a family
and put together a meager existence and tries to keep his nose relatively clean.
And these assholes, the more they make the bigger assholes they act like,
I just can't tolerate. I can't deal with it.
And they get away with it. No day of reckoning at all.
Right.
Good luck to us, pal.
Thank you, Anne. Can I suck around for a minute?
Sure, hang on.
Line two, he wants to suck.
Okay, that's two of us suckers we got on. Near we still got nine to go.
We got a bunch of those. Thanks again to Mitch from Video Ways.
We hope he had a great honeymoon and we hope that somebody found what they were looking for.
But I doubt it.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you?
Okay.
Hey, this is, I don't know if you thought I was flipping channels on Sunday night and sports
wrap was on.
No, I didn't see that.
Okay, well, I'm pretty sure it was a man which, and I know Ruben was there.
Yeah.
They were talking about the possible outcome of the trial for Blake.
Yeah.
And this was only after the fact that the juror came back an hour later and goes,
I want to change my decision.
Right.
And they were sitting there and you had to read between lines but they were basically essentially
saying the fact that it would be a travesty of justice to throw him in jail because he's
supporting his family and so many people are dependent on it.
I guess they were, yeah, like OJ, same thing.
Well, I guess they were underlined.
I guess they were between lines saying, look, I guess you got a halfway, you know, they weren't in a
trouble or, you know, this guy can provide for education for the children growing up and all
that.
Education.
Well, they were trying to say, what a U of M.
Well, I'm just saying they were trying to stay within the nicest terms.
I don't know where you got, they were saying, you got a back guy making money here.
You don't want it to pry of a bunch of people or that.
And they were all agreed with that.
They said, well, he should just get a slap on the wrist within reason, you know.
And they all sat there and agreed with it.
I know, man, which was there and I know Ruben was there.
I'm not sure if Defo was there.
No, I think both jangles was on because Defo's on vacation.
I think so, yeah, but they were all just, you know, they were all in agreement with each other saying, you know, the poor guy, you know,
I guess the poor, a lot of people and, you know, it'd be horrible if he threw him in jail.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, so I hope man, which comes over here today and I got two dogs to support man, which they can't put my ass away.
Exactly, yeah.
Anyway, can I suck up for a video too?
Sure.
Okay, pucker up.
Thanks, buddy.
Line one, take care of that, goy.
Isn't that great logic?
Of course, that second hand.
So I don't know exactly what was said by whom and to whom, although I did hear somebody waxing poetic and going on a great length about how brilliant and eloquent Bob Ruben was on that show Sunday night.
And of course, I don't know because I don't watch that show, but I guarantee that if anybody was brilliant and eloquent on the show, it would have been Bob Ruben and not man with your bow jangles like that.
You can go to the bank on 12 minutes past noon at W.I.O.D.
Let me.
If you missed the first annual don't miss the last ever Phil Hendry Golf tournament benefiting the Jimmy Rice Center, Bernie's Babes and Beer.
The perfect send off for Phil Hendry.
Stay tuned to news, talk and entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D.
He was his ward, not his pedophile.
Ah, this is Wally Gator with a message from your friends here at the Florida Everglades.
Please send more tourists.
The last ones were delicious.
Speaking of delicious, by the way, how come we don't have a steakhouse or really good steakhouse to sponsor on a show?
You're now I've been doing the Atkins.
Wouldn't you think we'd have a great steakhouse on here since steak is like the staple of being on the Atkins diet?
Why don't we have that, George?
We're trying to figure it out in here.
Oh, well I'm waiting. I'll wait. I got a lot of time.
Didn't you used to have like Ruth's crystal long time ago?
We did have a long time ago and then they decided whatever they decided. I don't know. They don't like me no more.
They like me to come in here and spend my money then they like me a lot but that's about it.
How about Don Shulas? We're pretty close.
Never right there. How about the Palm?
Now if the Palm on, is that on Keepa's game?
If that Palm is as good as the Palm in Chicago, which they are related, they're part of a chain.
If that's as good, then that steak is about as delicious and delectable and tender as anything you're going to pop in your purse.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm just thinking out loud because it's just puzzling to me.
But then we were in limbo here. We're still waiting for the other shoes to drop.
And so we got to figure out who's going to be on top and who's going to be on the bottom and who's going to be the pivot man and who's going to be out and who's going to be off the edge.
And that's still going on here for a week after week and month after month.
So it's a good thing like I said that some of us are going on vacation very soon and very far away.
Let's do a Miami. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah. Good morning sir. How are you?
Good afternoon. Good afternoon. I'm sorry.
Listen first off. I'd like to thank you for turning me on to the Panthers.
We had a great season and you're a God when it comes to hockey.
Secondly, I'd like to say that what is it with that LeBôbe?
She should be hung and shot.
Maybe he was hung. Maybe that's what's put him all with the top so to speak.
Because evidently after hearing her former husband, he wasn't.
I just heard Channel 4 news. Not that I believe everything on the news, but she was saying I let them go because there was insufficient evidence.
Oh, I guess him shooting the guy while drinking is no evidence.
Right. I mean, she and the fact that he was going to plead no contest first before his sharp defense attorney said,
Hey, why not give it a shot. We got this bitch's lawyer.
We got let him go. LeBôbe was your judge here. So give it a shot.
It just goes to show if you're a dumb joke and you got money.
I guess that was a bad choice of words. Give it a shot.
I heard OJ is coming out with a new video proving he never played football.
Yeah. Bad joke. Listen. I like you.
I think if you're a dial tone next, I think that means the answer is no.
We have an open line in day 751. I would never say no one knows, but there was just something about him about the whole nature of that call.
It just your contrived was right. All that heavy suction there in the beginning.
And thank you for this and thank you for that. And thanks for the memories.
When I've been sitting here the last two days begging, begging, begging and pleading for somebody to commiserate with me about the great, the late Mel Allen Israel, about the Atkins die.
I've read on our one year anniversary of our daughter's wedding about all the great progress that people are making whose lives that I've saved.
And now all of a sudden in this most grotesquely insincere way, which is so typical of this town, now they're calling it, oh, you're the king, you're the queen, you're the this, you turn me on to the good stuff, et cetera, and so on. And by the way, go buy your own steak.
Oh, and let me tell you one other thing. The people that do get the videos will give you whatever we want.
Don't be asking for a catalog reading from George when he puts you on the, oh my God.
Talk about a schnor. That's the ultimate. That is the ultimate. That would be like bring somebody into a fine gourmet restaurant and saying, we're going to give you a dinner.
It's like taking somebody off the street, some schlepper off the street who has eaten in weeks and putting them into a seat in a fine gourmet restaurant and saying, we're going to give you a free meal, unlimited tab tonight, whatever you want. And he says, oh, yeah, but I don't like what's on his menu.
I think they're just all afraid of getting some kind of a bag flick. Haven't you got macaroni it. They're afraid of getting a bag flick.
Since when have we since when have we ever had those couple times or come out of how many out of like 500 that we've given out. We've had maybe one or two
bag flicks. They're all getting button nuggets. Oh, and by the way, what Zina or whatever name is over on the beach. I got your little video and your son is okay by me.
He's a model. And I think that the thing was done in Parigie, by the way, the videos were done in Paris. Yeah, he can dance on my street anytime, Zina or whatever your name was. And thanks for the memories.
610 W I O D where amateur announcers only appear at 11 p.m. on Sunday nights, the rest of the stations. Well, they have amateurs all the time. So if you're an amateur, send your tape to Neil won't like it.
1401 North Bay cause way Miami 313141. That is great radio. Another amateur from use, talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
Not only is Hank Goldberg, but also is a photo. Well, good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is your captain speaking. Currently we are approaching our cruising altitude of 41,000 feet.
We'll be good. God. We're rising a bit faster now. In fact, we're almost at full elevation here. I'm just going to go ahead and turn off the seatbelt sign and allow myself and allow you to move freely about the cabin.
Matter of fact, I'm going to loosen my belt, sit back, relax. Don't forget we love to lie in a chose 1225. Yeah, we have a slight delay here, ladies and gentlemen. We'll be leaving it about seven or eight minutes. And now of course, it's going to be about like a half an hour.
Now it's going to be like an hour and a half. And then we finally taxi out there on the runway. Ladies and gentlemen, the good news is we finally got our ass out here. The bad news is we're number 75 for take off. Boy, oh boy, it's just don't ever fly through Atlanta. I'm telling you, I'm begging you, if you have a half a brain in your head, do not ever fly through Atlanta ever again. Absolute total utter chaos. If a plane ever takes off or lands on time and at place again, it'll be the greatest even Mochi public wouldn't believe it. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir, you know, I'm thinking about this blade trial and it's just the travesty. You know, before the trial even started, he was claiming, OK, I'm going to go ahead and plead no contest. Right because it's cut and dried because I had the gun. I brought the gun into the situation. The guy went off now once but twice. He's dead and that's it. Looked like he was going to take some form of responsibility. Right. And then somebody said, hey, wait a minute. You know, we might be able to get you off here. So to speak. Right. And now Dennis Erickson says, great. This is
the way it was supposed to be because it's not the football part. It's his life, his future that's at stake. Right, Dennis? Oh, that's Dennis. We'll have another drink, Dennis. Now it's, you know, that's the whole thing with the talk shows, too. Once they started, they are. They do is pull people up on stage and try to find who's responsible. Of course, it's the person who did the act is the one who's responsible. Yeah, but you're forgetting, though, this is America. Nobody anymore is ever responsible for anything they do. That's a new deal now. Of course not. And it's not. It's not so much now who's got money. It's who can get more money.
That's what gets you. That's what gets you more fame than anything else. Yeah. It doesn't matter if you have the money. If you can get your face on the news more and more and more, somebody will find a reason to get you off. Okay. Well, somebody just got him off. I don't know what happened. There was a click and he's gone. Open line and Broward 5249463524. That was like astonishing. What do you say about Yuri Glitter? Here's plantation. Hello. Okay. So you said a couple days ago,
that all the old people will be leaving soon. All the tourists and stuff going back north. I never said the old people will be leaving soon. I said the snowbirds. Okay, because I live in an old person's condo. It's about 90% old people. They never leave. Well, they have like a newspaper believe it. The condo has a newspaper. Yeah. And what they were saying, one of the ladies in the paper was saying that all our snowbirds will be heading away for the summer. Yeah, which means I could go swimming a pool and not worry about getting anybody's hair wet. Yeah, you can even pee in a pool without having a
petition drive started. You know, I jumped, you know, I'll add to the show. I'll do that. Well, if nobody's there, I guess I could do anything to hell. I want great. So I'm the guy a couple years ago.
Brought you a peer North Rick Donovan video. So I was thinking, maybe you could give me one now. What do you think? How about a video? I don't have any
fact videos for this. I don't know. I'm not a bag. I didn't say you were a bag just because you brought me a
bag video. It doesn't necessarily make you a bag. That's like guilt by, you know, association. No, the guy was with I don't
think the association were a bunch of bags. All the one of them was. Yeah, oh, the guy was lying. One might be, but I'm not. Yeah. So well, I like
straight videos. Do you do you? Absolutely. Yeah, some of the Peter North, and I'm there. Okay. I'll take it. Okay, hang on. All right. Okay, give that guy
something. Okay, that online six who brought me that bag video with Peter North when he was very young and hung. We have
an open line and Broward 5249463. Oh, these cigars are good. 524 W. I would do one on the green line 1 800. You know,
something. And I just noticed this. It's already Tuesday. What day do those people come in from a Roma therapy,
associates in, which the card is right there. Thank God, because my memory ain't that good. What day do they come in?
Thursday, Wednesday, I think it was last Wednesday. So it's almost a week now, right? And I notice they distinct difference in
here now. Yeah. And the same. I'm not making that up either. I notice a, we don't have the mung in here. So maybe
whatever the hell they did, the may have worked. Or maybe it was psychosimatic, psych,
psychmatic. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, listen, I'm sorry. This line is terrible. I just wanted to say I'd never really
seen you before. Do you do it? Some hockey, uh, related stuff. And I hope you can hear me. All right. And I always hit this
idea. You look like Raymond Burr, but you turn out. You look better. Okay, too bad. We got that bad phone and too bad
you're sucking around so heavy. Ray anybody would look better in Raymond Burr. He don't look too good now. Open line at
Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, W. I. D. And two on the green lines, one eight hundred nine, four,
four, nine, four, six, three. It is really grim, man. You know, all that euphoria, all that excitement, all that fake
enthusiasm we had during the big Panther run all through the playoffs. And now it's like the same old pushing and pulling
and even given crap away, we still can't get these bastards off their lazy ass. It's very sad. Look at that. Look at that phone.
There, man. Can you believe this? Even with adult videos to give away. How many we got left about six or seven?
We still got a bunch more to give away. Even with that, they're still out there sitting on their lame lazy ass because we don't
want to read the catalog and the names of everybody's that's in them. And what positions they're going to be doing and how many times they're
going to be a score, scored exactly. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? I don't know. The verdict out, man. The verdict's out. I'll ask the judge.
Thanks a lot for bringing me first. The act is right. Yeah, 27 pounds and two months. Oh, two months. Beautiful. That's great. Now I'm trying to get my wife on it. She's a little bit
overweight. So, but I got to I got to comment to make about the brim. If I was the one who would have gotten busted for committing such a hideous crime. Yeah, I wouldn't have been put on trial. I would have been sent straight to jail. I
wouldn't have given no no testimony. I would have tried to say what you're trying to say is you don't play football, right? That's right. That's right. I don't play no football. And that's that's a silly game. And I mean, that guy's guilty. I
mean, I don't know what the hell are doing. Standing on the street now. And now he's probably going to do the same thing again a couple of years. No, he's going to go out there and have a few
drinks with Dennis Erickson and run fast and catch the ball. Catch the ball. Catch the ball. And join the system now. And you know, you heard that OJ is going down to
Argentina for our third trip down to South America. One of those secret trips that he makes. Well, maybe you find some of those old Nazis down there. They can recount some. They probably can compare notes. That's right.
Neal. Well, thanks a lot. I knew I have an ex day and can I take one for review? Sure. Hang on. Thank you. There's a Julio that's sucking there on a purple line or whatever line he's on. I think on a purple line. We have an open line at
the brown. 5249463 and one on the green line. 1 800944 W I O D. What a really sad commentary. This is and I hope that they're not they're not paying any attention now because they can try
everything. They make up their own conclusion that these news departments at the TV stations around town. And then they come in and they take you know, a little bit of footage like they did from
Rick and Suds this morning. And they just weave that in there in the background when they give you whatever their conclusion is they want it to roll. The community is really up in arms. They're they don't give a crap about
nothing anymore. Nothing moves the American public because they're absolutely just lame. They're absolutely totally positively just without any their
limp. They're absolutely limp. Like Diana said in network. She said they've effed themselves limp. They've shot themselves up. And now they just can't even get it up anymore.
They've had it. They've thrown in a towel. Here's a candle. Hello. Neal. No one. Please get me off this damn right of life. Just seems to suck more.
And more and more and and every day I think I'm going to be more amazed and I am more amazed. It was not Brian blades getting off. It's Michael Irving getting off. No he
ain't got off. They got another trial coming up for him. Then he'll get off. Then he'll get off. We'll have to get something to do with his
getting off. I that's probably what it is. I mean, I'm sure that White House up in Dallas was was a load of party. But I don't know. I'm just I get
sacred in my stomach every day. Yeah. Every day it just gets worse and worse. And what what are we going to do?
Well, you got to start being like everybody else. The word is indifferent. You got to become a different man. I think that's I think totally
indifferent to human suffering to death, the chaos to injustice just become as amazing as it is. Totally resilient and
forget about all of it like the rest of the American people. I think those are the people that are living the
good life. The people who just forget about it like our politician. Now even the people are living the bad
life that you know, they got their TV talking head shows to sit down and get their vicarious thrills through that. So why the
how should they get all worked up about this stuff? They got so many dummies hypnotized and just yeah, you're right. We're living
that we're living in a world of morons. I mean, if Montel and Lisa are on for one more day, I think that'll put the whole
country road right over the edge. That'll be the end of America's we know it. One more day of that crap. I'm just I'm waiting for the next
Jim Carrey movie. That's that's that's my. Yeah, that's it. Kable man. Kable Kable guy. That's what I know. Yeah, I'm waiting to see
you know, Jim Carrey again. So I could dish him out another eight nine dollars. Right to watch him do the same facial stuff, you
know, with the face and the thing up against the glass. I'd rather watch one of those videos that you're
going to hang on. Thanks. Well, that was pretty original. I like the way he kind of sucked his way into that. That's
on line one. Jim Carrey. And you know, I did like Jim Carrey and Batman too. The only problem is when you see him
doing the same thing in every other movie that he's in. You know, it gets a little bit on the old side. Anybody out there
see Kable man? Anybody out there see that ridiculous movie and Matthew Broderick. You know, it wasn't he was in
the freshman, which was kind of a cute movie. He was in that movie with Harvey Firestein. What that was
the name of that movie? Torch song. Very good. Excellent for a straight spick. Torch song trilogy. He was in
that. I like Matthew Broderick. There's nothing wrong with Matthew Broderick except he's getting a little old and
long in the tooth, but he's okay. But he's so desperate. He's got to go into a flick like that with Jim
Carrey acting like some kind of a goofball and they're paying these guys millions and millions of dollars
and suckers like you are going out just like a herrick the other day saying about how he fell asleep in the
middle of what the hell was that stupid movie with a pig? What is that? Babe, yeah, he fell asleep. What? Now I got
news for you. Okay, I can just add people taking their little kids to a movie like that if they're like
sadistic, but his kids are like 11 in the 16 or 15 years old or whatever the hell that. What the hell did he
go to see babe for? For 850.
She's my daughter says thank you for the video by the way. No, but I'm serious. Why would a guy like that go to see
babe and then bitch about the fact he fell asleep in the middle of it and you wonder why his kid is
running into trees in the woods? I think it's a protest. Anyway, it's a 1236 at WIOT.
Or to allow a jury to find and guilt the amount of this family is completely related.
The best news. There's talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOT.
I killed Nicole.
Throw her out of the house. She ended up on her.
She ended up falling. She ended up on her elbows and under butt.
Then she threw Edmick gave out.
They're all sitting there screaming and crying.
Then he grabbed me and threw me out of the house.
I killed Nicole.
But they liked that money baby. They liked that flow. It was like a phara foster man.
They just kept opening it and opening it and the money kept flowing out.
When it doubt let it flow out. And so if he did beat the crap out of her a few dozen times big deal.
1239 at WIOT let's do a Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Listen, I want to apologize to you. I just got cut off trying to speak to you.
I got a better phone. What I wanted to ask you was kind of but you might say stupid question.
But when we reach the year 2000, the way they call the 60s and the 50s and the 50s,
what would they call the year 2000? It artworks.
Your writer was a really stupid question. We have an open line in day 751 WIOT.
We have one on the green line. 1-800. You go to Rome and you see all these ancient artifacts
on like all these buildings like the Colosseum and the Spanish steps and the all these old ancient ruins
and what's left of them. And you see on the side where it's like engraved on O-X-I-I and V-I-I.
We're talking about like almost 2000 years ago. 2000s sticking years ago.
And we got some history over here. All we got is a bunch of strip shopping centers and football
players. That's our history. That's America's Cowboys Indians guns, strip shopping centers and
football players. That's it. And dead presidents. Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay.
I, OJ, keep going to South America. I think you're servicing what's in Marosa Lopez.
Marosa? Maybe he's going down to see it. Marosa. Maybe he's just going down.
That's what I heard. Yeah. But anyway, how about the FAA? You got to love them, huh?
They do this big search on value just like a couple months ago and they say well, you're pretty good.
And of course they didn't bother telling the public. They didn't bother telling any of us,
you know, by the way, we're telling you right now that this airline may not be safe and it wouldn't
be a good idea if you value your life, not to fly a value on your jet. Right. Yeah. I mean,
now all of a sudden after 110 people get killed or saying well, guess what? They're miserable failure
and they aren't doing anything to assure the safety of the public and they're a schlock operation
and we screwed up too. Yeah. And how about the, uh, makes it feel real good about the way the
government protects us, huh? Well, if anybody really is dumb enough and of course they all are,
they really believe the government's out there to protect us like the food that we eat and the
water that we drink in the air that we breathe, the governments that are protecting us. That's why
everybody's dropping like flies now. Well, the EPA is protecting us from that toxic landfill now.
What have you heard about that? Yeah. And what are they doing? Nothing. They're not doing anything.
They don't even require that place to, uh, to test the soil around and that's why I work at
a environmental chemistry lab and that's what we do. Yeah. Half of these landfills leak. Uh-huh.
I mean, we know that and then this landfill, they're not even going to be required to test
to see if they're leaking into the aquifer. Well, I know a lot of guys who have leaked into the
aquifer. Nobody ever did nothing to them. Yeah, I guess that's true. How about a video on you?
Okay. All right. How many we got, George? You're nodding your head, but that's not a number.
No, for him. Oh, he says enough for you so we must have a lot. Okay. Hang on. Line three.
Well, what does that mean? We got enough for him. How many we got? Four more. Four more?
What? Fomo. Fomo. After this guy.
Malfoy your money or as Marvin would say, you know what that means?
You know, seriously, I don't know what just inspired me. I could do the rest of this program about
a Marvin Raw man. You know what? I mean, there was an example. If anybody wants to know about
Boy Geary and how competent he was, I could spend the entire day talking about Boy Geary
and about Marvin Raw man who was once upon a time the producer on this program who did all
within his power on many occasions to just absolutely deep-six this show who hated this show,
hated me like poison. And yet because of the fact that he had his head deep up the program directors
ass, by the way, where the hell is Andy lately speaking of that? He's sick as a dog according to
Phil Hendry. Oh. Well, you know, when you keep your head up there that long, there's a lot of germs
in bacteria that may be breeding deep inside any program directors. Correct them. And as a result,
Andy, as sooner or later, it all kind of like filters on down. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I don't want to talk about Brian Blades. I think you've
hit on it enough and yeah, let's forget about it. Okay. We're pissed off. There's nothing we can do.
It's par for the course. And let's just go on with life, right? What's the point of getting pissed off?
Let's let's talk about that. That makes me a little bit. Besides, if the family is ecstatic, I mean,
if they're willing to sacrifice one of the family members, even though Chuck's family has still got
that civil suit going. But if everybody else is all ecstatic that the money is going to keep flowing in,
then who are we to butt in? Hey, like they say, keep it in the family. Right. That's right. Keep it in the
family. They kill each other. They, you know, who only knows what else? Yeah. I actually had a question.
I don't know if you would have any insight into this. I wonder if Charles, I wonder just one other
thing though. Brian Blades would have been a white football player, you know? And he would have gone in
there and the same accident would have happened with Chuck Blades. And he would have died. I wonder what
the reaction would be in certain parts of our community right now about that. Probably a riot. I don't
know, but you could be right. Possibly. Yeah. I was actually going to ask you a question about the
panther. In fact, there's a new movie coming out. It's called White People Don't Riot. But anyway,
you were saying I was actually wanted to talk about Jason Potelin, who?
The centerman. Yeah. That we had the miners this year. He came up for a couple of games and
filled in for Scootlelin when. Yeah. Yes, whatever whatever the hell his name is right screwy. That's it.
As as castor no balls always gets to talk to screwy and he he talks to screwy all the time. I'm really
impressed by that. These guys that get on there in the morning and they talk to the players, you
know, because quite frankly, the prayer players are good guys. They're articulate, but they got
nothing to say. Let's face it. They got nothing to say. I'm sure they'd rather be playing the game
instead of talking about it. Right. Or at least skating the Stanley Cup rather than for the first time.
I mean, like sex, would you rather be doing it or talking about it, you know? You got it.
Not even close. No contest. Do you know anything about this kid? Because I heard he's got some
skates. I heard he can really from blue line to blue line. I heard he's pretty fast. That's what we
need is guys who are fast. We need some more team speed. That was one of our disadvantages against the
avalanche. Right. Like we like I had called in before. We were talking about Mark Strachan and
whatnot as far as him bringing that burst of speed. I've been reading some things and I've
it seems that this kid is kind of the same lines as far as speed goes. That explosiveness
from blue line to blue line. You get a turn over whatever in neutral zone. Next thing,
boom, the guy's got a shot on goal. No potential for a lot of goal school. One of the problems with
us is I noticed on the few we didn't get an awful lot of two on ones in the playoffs. Now when
Lindsey was involved in two on ones or Fitzgerald, you knew we were going to get a goal on it. But
more often than not, it would be like Scroodland would be in there on the two on one. And you know
that Brian is a nice of a guy's he may be. He couldn't score into an empty net from three inches away.
So that was always a problem with us. In fact, I remember the three on one we had against Pittsburgh.
And thank God it was Scroodland was like behind a play and it was Sphala and Mike Cuff. Remember
that goal against Brasson? Yeah, beautiful goal. And thank God it was Sphala in there who slid the
perfect pass across and Mike Cuff stuck it in there and the Scroodland was behind a play. Thank
goodness for that. That was in game seven second goal and game seven. Right. And you know, that's why
Scroodland plays the checking line a lot more than than the scoring line. So I mean, you know, he
is a better defender because he's slow and he's clogged up. He's clogging up the zone. He's a clogging it.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what Torak and and the striker said he likes to play with the checks.
Well, I think there you go. And that tells you something about him. So anyway,
not sucking around for anything. Plenty of videos at home. But
an update or not video just you know, no problem. All right. But Neil, great. I can't wait until
a hockey season where we got two months to go before the camp starts. No, I need a good detox.
I need a good airing out and then I'll be ready to go again. Okay, but I can't wait, you know,
it just seems weak. We can have gone by and since our famous win loss yet, we still want
I'd like to point something out to all these new hockey fans in town. When I was in Toronto over
the weekend, the Toronto sun, which is really good newspaper has a good sports section. They had
all kinds of articles about the Leafs, Leafs traded Todd Gildes and Jose for Jamie Baker. And
there's a lot of speculation about the new coach. They had all kinds of stories, even though it's
not the season, you know what I'm saying? And yet you come back down here where we just had all of
this hoopla on all of this excitement. We're in a Stanley Cup finals and Monday and again today,
I mean, here is not a word. You can scour the sports sections of our local newspapers. There's
barely a peep about the Panthers now everywhere. Disgum set in all the the Harold the Palm Beach Post. I
mean, they did their thing, but it's all over now, you know, you know, I just it's like guys, you
know, you say, I gotta get the hockey news. What day? Yeah, you know, that's that's what I do. I
you know, now I can not only read about, you know, the Panthers, but I can I can read more about hockey.
I mean, for Christ's sake, the only problem with the hockey news, I do like it, except for the
fact that by the time you get it in the mail, it's a little emolding, you know, it's a little outdated,
but it's still good stuff. I still think, you know, you know, all we would really hear about
if we're lucky enough would be the Panthers. I mean, if we if we play on our hands and knees and get
down and, you know, do the rosary thing as well, we might hear something about the Panthers. We're
definitely going to hear nothing about any of the other hockey teams in NHL. So, you know, you're right,
it is old by the time you get it, but it's not too too outdated. At least you can get some good
information about all the hockey teams. So, you know, I like to get on my hands on the hands and knees.
I mean, hands and knees and pray. Okay. And hope that I get a paper, you know, a little
little book in the paper about the Panthers sooner or later. Okay, pal. Great job. Love you, baby.
Pray hard. We have an open line city. Want to get on his hands and knees and he takers out there. He
said he likes Peter North, so we can't be all banned. We have an open line on the green line,
of course. I like Peter North and look at me if you have a strong stomach. 1249 at WIOD.
Use talking entertainment radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD.
Hey, enough with the Panthers already. When the hell does the baseball season begin anyway?
Ah, nobody cares, Harry. Okay. And by the way, you're next. Okay. It's a boy. Is it warm in
here? Is it me? It is hotter than hell in here. Man, it is just steaming in here. Just, can you
go over there and crank that thing down like a notch or two? And I might give you like a Canadian
$2 bill or something for a tip. What is it set on? Did I not turn it all the way down to 70?
Oh, man, it is just smoldering in here. It is, oh, toasty. As they say, Tim Hortons, it's toasty.
So Miriam's here for a little trim right now. If anybody wants to check that out,
here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir.
I work for the FAA and I'm here to help. Yeah. What is right now? Too late now? Yeah, I know what you
mean. Now I have nothing to do with that. Hey, just a little information for you. Administrator
Henson for the FAA. Yeah. Before he took this current job, he was the head of Midway Airline.
Oh, that speaks volumes right there. How are they doing right now?
It's like the Fox watch on the handheld. Anyway, I just wanted to let all the people
listen and know that I started the Actions two weeks ago, the first two week period, and I've
been on fat free diet all my life and they don't work. Yeah. Actions is the way to go. You're right.
Not hungry once and I turned purple right away and just dropped 14 pounds on the first two weeks.
That's what they said happened to Mel Allen the other day. He wasn't even on the Actions,
he turned purple right away. I know what you mean. Yeah. Hey, I just dropped how much?
I lost 24 pounds in two weeks. Oh, in two weeks? In two weeks. Oh my God. How much did you have to lose?
That's all I had to lose. And you lost it all in two weeks? Lost it in two weeks. You
must have been like right on the money. You must have really stuck to it religiously. Well, not only
that. He says you don't have to exercise, but if you exercise, it helps a lot. Yeah, I got to get
on a treadmill. This afternoon I'm going to go home and I'm going to run like I'm going to walk,
I'm going to move at least on that treadmill. Well, you know, even though I'm not legally on it
anymore, you know, I still watch all the carbohydrate intake. Right. So I just want to tell everyone
that it works. I mean, I struggled with a fat free diet and you just starve yourself and it's
not necessary. I mean, I've been screwing up so bad and I've been putting all this weight back on
and yet one day yesterday that I did about, you know, like about 98% correct without too much
cheating on it. And I get my thing out this morning, my blood sugar is 90, which I would kill if
it could be 90 every day. It's with no medication, no nothing. Oh, I know what you mean. Sometimes I
would be up there and then the next day it would go down for no reason, you know, but. And I come in
here and then they got all these heavenly cheesecakes and brownies and all this adkin stuff, which,
you know, it's good stuff, but after the first 40 pounds of it, it gets a little heavy, you know.
No, those little rings those cheesecakes are the best. I wouldn't have done it without those.
Yeah, because your body just craved something. But after the first six or seven, you know that you're
going to say tilt, you got to cut back, cut back. Yeah, can I suck around for a video? Sure, I guess so.
Thanks a lot. Hang on. Line four, give him on what we got left two or three or whatever we got.
Yeah. Yeah, what? Whatever you see more. Well, listen, we don't care. We'll just make it up like
Phil doesn't issue. We'll make it up. We're not going to be here anyway. We're all even town.
We're all going to blow this joint. What do we got next on their marry? I'm getting, oh man, is it
just boiling in this place? Miami on what? On a purple line? Yeah. Is that what it is? Yeah,
on that one. That's very good. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You say there's nothing you can do
about that Brian Blaze, but how about one doctor? I mean, Judge Lee Bo she blows goes for
reelection. We remind everybody what she did. That's right. You know, and then Lee Bo got to go.
That's going to be the election slogan. Lee Bo's got to go. Lee Bo's got to go. That's it.
That's it. Everybody out there with your placards marching. Hey, Ho, Lee Bo's got to go or whatever
they all. Everybody when she comes up. Well, they always yell the fag. It's a high ho, uh, the
Dario or something like that. Hey, listen, Neil, if you ever want to go off your account for a
a tie your restaurant, I went to one this weekend on a. Now, why would you do this to me?
No. I would like to pick if I ever want to go off and how about if I ever want to go back on it
like your two consecutive days would be good. But anyway, this guy is so Italian that I've
the TV at the bar. All he shows is the Godfather movies. Really? Yeah. And the only bad thing about
is that when you're eating, you had to listen to Frank Sinatra all the time. And then in the middle
of the course, it's pasta. You're listening to Frank Sinatra sing, um, what's that?
Uh, come out of my house. One of those Simon and Garfunkel songs. Oh, Rob.
Oh, Rob is. This is Rob. Isn't that great? You're ready to do it. But anyway, Lee Bo's got to go.
Yeah. And, uh, I'm counting on you to remind everybody because I don't have the, uh,
audience that you have. And I would appreciate one of those videos.
Would you? Yeah. Can I have one? Sure. Thank you. If we got one, hang on.
Purple line. What do we got? We got any of these? What do we do? Are we sending one of these
20 graver or not? No. Scruity graver. Okay. And you first, are we sending one of the,
isn't that the most ridiculous thing you ever heard in your life? A man like Woody Graber,
a grown man like that with a wife and a family. And we're going to be sending him adult videos with
a bunch of naked people on the area doing all kinds of things with their body parts. What kind of
maniac is that man anyway? What kind of a slob is he? Have you ever taken a look at him with a
full stomach? My god. Have you ever taken a look at him with an empty stomach quite frankly,
because I don't think he's ever had one. Hey, Woody, put the fork down, will you?
Oh, maybe that's what he's hoping for to see somebody else get forked.
Six Hollywood. Okay, here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir.
I just wanted to call in that. What the hell was that?
I was sucking around for video. Sucking. Man, oh man.
I don't think you probably get too much work. I don't. Not with lips like that.
I know. Actually, I don't, I don't look for it either. Yeah, I bet.
I know you get what you get what you look for. You know that.
I went over to like those sounds came from your, oops, I can't come from your rectum. Yeah,
that okay. I saw you at one of the Panther Games one time. Yeah. And came up and shook your hand,
and said, are you kneeling? You said, yeah. And I just said, I'm the guy who went like that the other day.
You and you just go, I don't remember. And I didn't. And if you would have been smart,
you would have let me forget. I stopped by, you know, you talk a lot about Lorenzo. Yeah.
I stopped by there a couple of times now, and I tell you, I don't know what it is that they put
like on their salads and in their sandwiches. It's a tomato that's been like marinated. And
I don't, it's all, and you know, it's awesome. Yeah, absolutely. That's the word I was looking for.
Awesome. That's it. Kind of rhymes with rectum. Yeah. But, but in closing, yes. Can I get a video? Oh,
okay. Thanks. Line six, let's get rid of these. I'm so sorry. As they say in Canada, I'm so sorry
that you open up that box and font all this because now it degenerates as opposed to the brilliance
show we had going before we started doing this, which was nothing, which consisted of my sitting
here as usual and begging and pleading for some kind of human response and emotion. And I'm so
also sorry for sorry for bringing up the male Allen thing the second day in a row because we got
about, oh man, they're all except for the thanks for calling, lady. I leave her out, okay, because she's
okay in our book, even though she's, but some of these other people over the age of 400. Oh, yeah,
remember, high-need minutiae. Remember, no, I don't. I was born in 1942, okay? I don't remember
Tommy Heinrich and all those guys that were playing when I was like an infant. I don't remember that.
And I don't want to remember that. And nobody wants to be reminded them. The best you can do with male
Allen. So there's all this crap about baby boomers as much as I hate that term. I guess we don't have
those baby boomers down here, huh? We've either, we got two groups of people. We got a bunch of
punk skinheads out there and then we got people over the age of 100 and not very much in between.
And then a bunch of stoned drugies over there on South Beach running around showing everybody how hot
they used to look before they got all washed out and burned out at a very early age, right, Miriam?
Right. So anyways, that the last part of this hour because I'm going to tell you, it between the
heat in here in between those 14 cheesecakes and that 25 pounds of fudge this morning.
Let's get this crap settled. It's a game. Let's play a lot of WIOD Miami 4th
Love Day. Use talk and entertain the radio. 610 WIOD. The water to 2 hours.
Need check out.
Lauren's tailring got caught when he allegedly bought oxide.
leftover it I fell back at a hundred bucks worth of crack Beijing.
He was in middle of each actin' just like Stacey Keish cocaine
I like cryin' L.T. Why did you buy cocaine?
One of Dallas's stars, my wife and my high bars are cocaine
I think it's absolutely ridiculous that he got off
He got his day in the sunshine, he got his trial and the jury went out, they deliberated for seven hours which is a pretty good amount of time
and they came back and they said guilty is charged and that's it and she said forget it
Well if she would have just thrown it out in the beginning it would look bad for you, you know?
Right, like they need more problems
Well she's a graduate of U of M and he once took a couple of textbooks out and I don't know if he read them or not but he was there too
Yeah he was there on the college
It's a U of M thing man, just remember that most of our problems in this community can be traced right there to moral gables to the University of Miami, don't ever forget it
I won't and I think it's criminal that you didn't get any kind of recognition
Yeah, it's the arena for everything you've done for the people in this town
Well I'm sure that the same day Channel 4 sends an over and says thanks for doing those free me those are great clips every night
I'm sure that'll be the same day I got a note from Dean Jordan
Well maybe once in a while you should tell him no, you know?
Channel 4 never again, never again, don't darken my door Channel 4 and have a great day pal you're killing me
We have an open line at Broward 5249463 524WID
Oh that guy that called me forward those sucking sounds I guarantee they came straight out of his recto make no mistake about it
Before look at this she gave me a haircut that was so mammoth and so thorough that there's hair like on the keyboard
Oh man look at that
There's hair all over so fill good news for you man there's free hair all over the studio
Before we go our separate ways poor Phil he's getting like really psychotic you know more so than usual
I can't say that I blame him this has been a in fact why don't we write out a screenplay called the screwing a Phil Henry
Or we could call it like sacrificial lamb how would that be?
Here's Miami hello
Hey Neil
Yes? Let me ask you a hockey question what's icing?
Open line at day 7519463 there's a guy that hung on for 40 minutes for that and that was pretty funny
That was good that was good
Here's points ain't loose loosely hello
Well hi Neil I wanted to thank you for turning me on to that
Right now I've been on it for six months
I use a bus and she in the car and I go don't get a chance to call you and thank you for it
But how much you lose?
50 pounds
Oh my god
But I will you know what my weight that I've wanted to weigh all my life
Huh?
You've never been able to do it
Man am I jealous
But this has been for well for about two months now I've been at my set weight
Which I was two or five now I'm a hundred less than a hundred fifty-five
Beautiful
So I got a little room to you know go up or down and still feel that I'm at my window on a beam
Great
And also I wanted to thank you for turning me on to hockey I never was that interested in it
But it sure got exciting
Okay
And I like that
I'm really curious if you got one
Oh how did I know that I was just saying keep up the good work
I was about to put my finger on it
I would have called you
I was about ready to put my thumb on it and
I wanted to thank you for that anyway
Oh I'm sure you did I have no doubt about that
Okay hang on
Line seven believe me it sounds like he needs it badly
That's the last one no more videos so all you people that are holding on right now
They really are just calling to suck around for something for free suck someplace else
Because we got nothing for it just like Vinnie said just like he's Andy Garcia said and Godfather 3
Suck somewhere else and then what he said something about somebody else
12 minutes after one at WIOD
Idiot is sick and it's not badly
This court is in recess
Hi I'm Marion Barry you know a whole day of sitting in court listening to people dissing me
He leaves a bad taste in my mouth
That's how come I chew these
Entrapments the great new breath mint with the hole in the middle
You call them me Marion
Shut up Rashida I said hole
Oh
Entrapments come in three flavors
Strawberry, raspberry and Marion Barry
And everyone has the active ingredient acquittas all
All right
Oops I gotta go
Just remember the name Entrapments
But something like you
Shut up Rashida
New Entrapments in the trial size pack
Don't look for them at the candy counter they'll find you
115 at WIOD it's a thing you know we're gonna have the million white people's march
Coming up the end of the month we'll be telling you about that later on we have an open line in date 7519 463 751 WIOD
We have two they just had the million women's march in Canada over the weekend
Most of whom were dikes by the way which is kind of amazing
But of course they always tend to be more militant and be sure we're the head with the two by four
But that was kind of different and the million white people's march if we can find a million white men in America that's gonna be a hell of a deal
Where we're gonna have that North Dakota Montana Idaho
Big open expanse in North Dakota
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park hello
Neil yes I tuned in kind of late I need some clarification
What was this that there was a diet published by the University of Miami that was the cause for a quiddle of somebody there
That's the male Allen diet yeah is that what it was?
Uh-huh thank you
And when you lose the weight you say how about that?
That's what it is yeah okay glad you got your finger on it
We have an open line in Broward see that's a guy was waiting for a free tape and he made it into a real deal
Very well into a decent a fair call week five two four nine four six three five two four now we're all finished with Palm Beach because you know and of course I didn't stick by my guns
I did not I actually did give a couple of tapes away to some of those free loaders in Palm Beach County who never ever call especially in Boca
That's the thing that really gets me we have this gigantic in fact a little bird was telling me not too long ago
They didn't a Palm Beach book we actually beat some of the competition up there during mid-dad I want to mention a names
But that's the rumor that I heard which I don't want to get into a big song to dance about but we evidently have a fair number of people up there
They just have locked you on us to get in something for free if we have something for free
They move their jaw and you pop it right in there
Here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hey Neil how's it going okay
Let me tell you something I've been trying to get on everything to talk about a stake place
Yeah I couldn't get through and then once you said I gave up trying and once you said you had no more free tape
I picked up my phone and said I picked it up right through
Hey yeah right through how do you like that
I was wondering did you read that place called long-horned stake house
That's what I feel spot use isn't it
I think I heard Phil doing spots for that long-horned stake house where is that
I know this one they just opened one on candle and about one five two after you was at H3 on candle
I know there's one north but I have no idea where it was I'm a South person
But it's really good to stake over there you should try it
Okay well if we can find out where the other one is I might try it
Well if I find out I'll let you know I'll ask Mr. Phil
Are you talking about that movie cable guy
Yeah I want to go see a last funny because my mom doesn't like violent movies
And she want to go see that movie or that thing
That's when I heard I heard it really blows
I mean I've seen pet detector I mean it's kind of funny because it's super funny
I've even seen Peter North movies that didn't blow as much as that one I heard from what I heard
Yeah you heard about that
Okay well thanks
Thanks for the long-horn
All right
Have a great day
Hookam horns baby
Hookam horns
Now there are some real bright guys those Texas fans
Oh man
Hookam horns
Yeah
Man are there some dumb people in that state
Of course they're close to Louisiana
Seriously inch by inch Louisiana the people there they owe points
They don't have like a accuse of zero they're like in a minus column
And some of the minus infinity
How's infinity doing by the way
Open line and what stations are they buying
Open line and date
So what's the story on the long-horn stake house Phil is there one in Broward?
You notice how he's just ignoring me like I'm asking him a there's one in Kendall
There's one in there's one on in Coral Springs and one in Davy
In Davy
Yeah both on university
All right
Yeah fresh cow
And if I go in here I mentioned Phil Henry will they give me a free meal
So anyway I got a submarine sandwich here
All right
So Phil says they don't even give him a free meal he says now that he's on a way out
They say oh that's the nice knowing you but get out of here
Just keep doing the sponsor and dummy up here's Lauderdale hello
Neil
Yes sir
Don't you agree
I always love collars who start by saying don't you agree
Well I love that
I think that David Hinson and the good old boys at the FAA
David Hinson
Oh yeah
And the good old boys at the FAA
Yeah
I think are singling out value jet and I think that if for the lack of their own self preservation
Don't you agree?
Yeah
I just I just I think that there was four or four self preservation
Wasn't that value jet slogan now we love to dive and it shows
Well I think it's if you're going to look at it at one company
Why not look at the rest of the airline companies
Yeah I would agree with you
I would agree because if they've been this lacks on value jet
Then who knows how many other airlines are cutting corners
And the maintenance people are like maybe more than one
But the most marginal it does and some of the claims that have gigantic cracks and big holes and things you know
You start getting real nervous about the whole thing and if somebody who flies a lot myself
I'm getting really disenchanted with some really crappy service
And this business of on time I mean their idea of leaving on time I guess anywhere within three hours of the schedule to departure you know
See part of the problem is you know as well as I do that when you when let's say you have a flight from here to Atlanta
They schedule the flight from four-loader to L and they show you that it's going to take you two hours to get there
Right
Now you know as well as I do that on a decent day unless there's like horrendous weather
It takes maximum and I mean maximum hour and twenty minutes of flying time to get from four-loader to Atlanta
And the reason that they schedule it for two hours is because they know damn well that you're never there's no chance and hell
That you're going to take off anywhere near on time so they're just giving themselves a cushion
Uh huh
Right?
I agree
And they're full of crap
And especially when you're leaving from an airport like Fort Lauderdale that's got you know I mean there's no planes lined up there
There's never more than you never more than like number two for takeoff because there's not a lot of traffic in and out of there
And yet even this last time going from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta to Toronto
The Fort Lauderdale leg just leaving here was the nightmare and they changed the gates at the last minute
Well if you're going to Atlanta well guess what you're all going on this plane over here and everybody lines up
But it was chaos it was like something out of allotalia although at least allotalia in the year they know what they're doing
Well I'm just saying that the maintenance programs in general are designed to make money
Those policies that the FMA mandated were done and written twenty years ago
Wasn't that great?
And order for them to make money they have got to offer all these plans in a certain period of time
And now that the plans are twenty twenty five years older
Yeah they've got to do the same situation that they did when the planes were newer now
And I just think that just common sense is going to show you that value jet united American
It doesn't matter if they're small or in a common sense
It doesn't matter?
No I don't agree with that I think you're getting a little carried away now
You're thinking that they have certain other united and the other companies have higher standards than a value jet one
Absolutely yes
I don't agree I think that they're all the same you think they're all just as schlock is the kind of corner cutting they were doing with value jet
I think the president of value jet is full of crap
You think yes
Okay now what are you saying that these airlines that are specifically?
First of all how many times have you heard about airlines having all kinds of illegal cargo on board like those 190 oxygen canisters on cap that just happened to wind up on that plane?
They just happen to get caught I don't know maybe I'm being paranoid but I just think that this situation and that hasn't been proven yet
Yeah well you know what my mother said if I keep going on all these vacations I'm going to wind up in the Everglades so maybe she's got a point
Who knows?
I hope I hope not
Maybe I can become a geater lover
Have a great day pal
Okay
Open line in date so there's a guy who's really going to make you know it feels encouraging
I'm going to say it again
I'm sick entire of these airlines lying through their teeth I don't expect miracles man
But first of all they don't even know how to board a plane anymore you notice that if it was up to me I'd start butching up a little bit and say hey
Everybody who's not if your row hasn't been called set the hell down now and shut up
And then they give you like a first class in medallion or whatever you can get on now and all the cripples and whatever
And because what they ordinarily do they say well if you need some extra time or you're traveling with small children and then half of the plane gets on there
We're talking about people who are like half my age who are healthy as a horse but all of a sudden they need extra time
And then of course what they do is they take a ball of space in the overhead bins and you go back when you're always being called and you go in there and you find that all these people are sitting in front of you like in the
Which hasn't even been called yet
People are like 20 years old but they need extra time so they could stick their guitar and their drugs and crap on any overhead and jam it all up in there
Who the hell are they kidding?
But hey it's chaos it's just absolutely organized chaos and like I said the public just a bunch of pussy's man
We just sit back and we take it because we don't have any choice
And when's the last time you flew on a plane that had a few empty seats huh?
You notice how that's gone the way of the wind and if you're scheduled to depart somewhere especially if you've got to stop to make
Forget about making your connection because now if there's four empty seats on a plane
They wait and they wait and they they start searching the airport for stand-by's even people that didn't want to go where you're going
Hey listen we got some empty seats over here how about it even if you don't have a ticket we'll stick you on here makes it look good
And you sit there and wait and all of a sudden they open the doors up again
That's my favorite when they open the doors up again as they didn't Atlanta after we sat there on a rance for God only knows how long the other day
They open the doors again and then you look outside the window and you see that they're putting more luggage on yeah
They just brought up it's it's time to depart man
It's time to start and they make the announcement. Oh yeah, we're ready for immediate departure as soon as everybody's got their ass to the seat
We can start pushing back from the gate right and you look down and all of a sudden there's about three assholes down there who are like talking to each other
And high five and and
Pick their nose and they're sticking more luggage on there
Like yeah, we're really going to take off now with a luggage compartment wide open huh?
They love to lie in a chose man
125 and W.I.O.D. Let me tell you about a place where they don't lie
They don't give you any scans where they get in fact
This is quite a contrast to the kind of stuff we're talking about dry concepts one of the reasons they've been successful is because they give you a great deal
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront. They give you a nice little rose when they're all done with the job and then in between
They do a super fantastic professional job each and every time they make your carpets your a pulse through your drapery
Whatever it is that schmutzie right now
They make it look brand new and the reason that their carpet cleaning is so great is because they use their exclusive dry cleaning method
Just like the one it's used to dry clean your clothes. They suck out the deep down dirt and like I said make it look like a miracle on your floor
They make your carpets look brand new so no matter how desperate it may be don't give up
Don't try to wait don't go out there waste a lot of money on new carpeting when you go get a great job from dry concepts in
Day call 930 36 36 930 36 36 in
Broward call 58147 39 58147 39 in West Palm Beach 930
4739 930 47 39 when you call say we understand that even Niels mother is happy with the job you've done if a
Kvetsch like her is happy you must be phenomenal dry concepts
Use talk entertainment radio
610 W I O D
So anyway 127 will be nice if somebody would let me know so I don't wind up going to the wrong place
But that would be a good excuse so for me and I chill and up tomorrow
We have an open line in day 7519 463 751 goiam and we have one on the green line 1 800 944 9463
I'll tell you one thing about Cox enterprises man
They got the best legal firm that can keep a meter running like you never saw they can take like a two-minute case and drag it out for 20 years
Even the let him go judge up there never saw nothing like this
Here's a Miami Beach hello
Good afternoon Niels. Yes, sir. Just a few observations if I may about value jet
The day of the crash the Secretary of Transportation for the Rico Pina Pina. Yes
In the head of the FAA David Henson
Uh-huh both spoke on television right. I remember it very well and assured the American people that value jet
Airlines was as safe as any other airline flying at the moment or maybe my mother's right now
Would you say possibly that at that particular point in time?
They're going through the teeth and untruth just maybe just maybe
Then about they were covering their own asses what they were doing then of course all these newspapers started leaking these reports
Yes from February especially and like earlier before that about how value jet been cutting corners and getting all these warnings from the FAA
And that they were basically operating like kind of a schlock operation. Yes
Yeah, and then two weeks later the Pentagon which used to use value jet said at that point in time
They were discontinuing their usage of value jet. Uh-huh
Now after a month and a half or so goes by they decide to shut the airline down
I don't think that they should pick on some underling and punish him
I think that they ought to call in the Secretary of Transportation as well as the head of the FAA
Right onto the carpet as long as we can keep politics out of this which of course we can't right and have both of these men
We sign for the good of the country either that or force them to fly value jet
You raise a good point. Yeah, thank you very much
Okay, and maybe have Jessica as the pilot just proper up in here. That's okay
What difference does it make at this point?
We have an open line in dates see this whole business and like I said that thing would have an a 70 year old girl flying a plane
We had all those so-called experts calling in here that day saying oh yeah
There's nothing dangerous about that and she's not really flying while you're right about that she ain't flying no more
Because they had to make the deadline
You know they had to get on air for the cameras were rolling and they had to make a big celebrity
I had to get in the Guinness Booker records even though they don't take the record anymore
And they had to make it on the CBS evening news and oh, it's picking up CBS man. So help me God Joseph and Solomon
That morning show what they've done to that show
I think that's the last blow right there. I think that after Joe Dodgeola became the replaced Mel Allen with the Yankees
I think that the next the last straw the last nail in the American public's coffin
Was replacing Harry Smith and Paul Ozon on CBS's more even though nobody watched it
And even though we did have Mark McEwan on there ever see Mark McEwan and Cecil Fielder together by the way
Here's Boca on a purple line. Hello
Neil how's it going? Same ass okay
Hey did you happen here that Phil Hendry call from the sports station in Charlotte? Yeah, they're I gotta tell you something
There could have been the dumbest man on the face of the earth. Phil. I mean
Booker Belmonte just sucked that guy in
Well, how could anybody be that stupid you know what happens? He sucked him in they call into Andy and Andy puts the calls right through
Is that that stuff goes there looking for mandates for somebody? Exactly. What a great thing man
Unbelievable he had that guy he didn't know whether he'd a scream or each a kid is
And just a little bit about Phil Hendry. I think he's getting the screwing like the ones ever gotten before and well
You just look back over the history of this whole thing in a brand cox lawsuit and all of this stuff
And you know heads are gonna roll and all this other and you look like a guy who's been made into a human sacrifice
Basically, which is a tragedy. Well, I just want to say to Phil Hendry's god and
Keep it up. Okay. See ya
Purple line is open pound IOD and then of course
Somebody comes in here only moments ago during the news break and has given me all kinds of instructions about this deposition and
Doko over here go over there and to do this and the read this
It's gotten to be ridiculous. You know what all this garbage that's going on here
Let's just give the guy some money and cut the crap and let's move on with our lives
Or give me the money
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, ma'am
Okay, I was just calling to say that it's being
Root with the crime you will be doing a lifetime sentence. Thank you
Oh, and she's gonna hang up which is very polite of course if being rude was that of course you know what that's all about don't you
There's a black lady caller that's right. I'm a racist now because I have the audacity to say that Brian blade should have gone to jail
And that's a verdict the shield of stood and that it's a grotesque injustice which most most people agree with that
But if being rude were a crime I'd be doing a time and so honey you sound like slime
Nice ride. We had nice rhyme
Well, it is evident that she ain't never gonna be president
But I hope she brushes with pepso-dent
132 at W.I.O.D. and I rest my case about what I just said before about the dubbing of America okay
I hope she elopes with Michael Jordan. I hope she elopes with Dennis Rodman. How do you like that? That would serve her right bitch
And her too. Here's Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir long time listener. Okay. You're right about the dummy November America. Oh my god. It's terrifying
It's ridiculous. I'm gonna go back to it away if I can you're from Italy no not originally
Where did you live there? I need to live there Rome. Oh you lived in O'Roma? Yeah for how long? A couple years. What was this when I was small?
Oh, real small
Quick question though long time listener years ago you didn't give out the number for quite a while the phone number to the callers
Yeah, how many days was that for I was arguing
57 consecutive days we broke Joe Dameshio's record of 56 57 consecutive days
I never gave out the number now I sit here in two thirds of the show is
Involved in giving out the number over and over and over again. I think you should do that again. No. Yeah, right
Amen to you and hockey. Okay. Bye-bye. I'll read you there
Open line in Broward 5249463 that was back in the days when we had an audience that was almost alive
But now we get a bunch of you know
Like this bitch that just called moment if being rude with a crime you'd be doing the time
Well, guess what sweetheart. I ain't killed nobody yet
I'm not running around waving a gun getting
smashed out of my mind threatening people waving a gun and having an oops, it just went off
I didn't kill nobody yet. How about you sweetheart
But that's a real good cover up. That's that's really clever. That's a good piece of obfuscation there
You know what that means obfuscation as in radio station as in maceration as in masturbation got it put it all together good
What 34w I O D when D fo goes on vacation sports dogs 610 goes to the dog
Well, I'll ride sportsman the mad dog gym manage every night this week the dog on football and all the sports it matters
Sports dogs 610 with gym mad dog manage
Today at 6 p.m. on used talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Hey, baby. I'm feeling kind of hungry. What's the last?
Come here, daddy. I'm gonna thank you. I'll throw your nickel sandwich very good
addition
Light and man's an all
Help you building myself
To play basketball
When you need some bread and you want something back
Flavor
Steve one the breath away
It's Steve you wonder
It's your way
Yes, we need jam on it 22 till two or just jam it 22 before the hour W I O D the amazing Phil Henry will be here as he continues
Flabberg esting and exasperating people from coast to coast including very naive punks from Charlotte North Carolina
What do you expect from somebody from North Carolina?
Here's a bokeh hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? I heard you on rickian suds yesterday talking about
your various
Diabetic supplies there. What kind of meter do you use?
Ames Ames blue cometer. I figured since you were you know
You're always top of the line and getting all the good stuff
Why don't you switch to something more modern like the elite or the one touch or something like that?
There's so much easier to use. Why is that you don't have to prick your finger?
Well, you do have to prick your finger, but you know
You don't have to bottle with a wipe in in the time and you just stick the blood on there slap it in and
I've tried some of those other ones. I don't like this one works the best for me. It's a piece of cake
I forget that and also my wife was listening to you. She works at a
All leave it on name but a diabetic type place in pompano and
She was going crazy what the fact that you reused your
Landsets yeah over and over she says that's very bad and you know she's been diabetic since
What do you mean that's very bad for what well? She said that she should think you should use a new one every time
And you know just the I know maybe it's probably just because she's in the healthcare profession
You know she's a new one every time for what purpose like I'm going to give myself blood poisoning or something
Well, I don't know I guess I guess various airborne sort of pathogens can get themselves onto the needle after you use them before you cover them back up again
Oh, come on she's getting carried away now. Well, she was worried about you. I'll be okay
All right, you know in closing now. I just wonder if I could request something. Yeah, get so caught
Okay, all right. See you sure
Okay, let's go to a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay
Listen, uh, you know, you have these baseball teams and hockey teams and football teams
They fly all over the place. Okay, we didn't we never hear about them crash
Uh seems to me that there was some minor league hockey team in Canada a couple years ago though
There wasn't a million years ago. That was a couple of years ago
But that's just a minor league team of these guys and I remember some
I think either high school or college basketball team in the Midwest somewhere that they had a crash never
Hear of any problems with the major leagues with all the flights they take
I just wondered if there's some kind of double standard going on
Well, what does that mean? I mean how many flights are there every day? How many flat planes crash in relationship to the number of flights
There are every day in a first place. Well, I mean just you know problems with motors or you know tires
You just never ever hear any I don't know
It seems to me that I recall one of the Panther planes coming back to the private jet
I remember rumor tell me that they went off the runway in Fort Lauderdale
It was a kind of a scare in a nasty deal during the season like an abortive takeoff or something. No, no on landing
Oh
I just never seem to hear anything about all but I know that they you know they're jet around well many Lord works in mysterious ways
You never know
But maybe he's got a bet on the game. I don't know you still got any dirty movies left. No
We don't have dirty movies anyways, sir better clean up your act. We have an open line. We have clean adult video
Believe me real clean. They wash them off
75 in the movies to 7519 463 751 W. I guess I better start cleaning the speaking that
Cleaning off those little pricks that you use on your aims with in conjunction with your glue cometer to prick your finger
Because this guy's wife this two calls ago. She's very concerned and says you're gonna well. What are you gonna do to yourself?
I mean to think that you're gonna change that every time
Oh my god, you're gonna give yourself AIDS
Yeah, that's it. I never thought about that by the way. It's raining like a
It's raining like the end of the world out there now. Yes, isn't that great
So I guess we're not putting the water in the back of my car, huh? Well, isn't that a bitch, huh? No, I don't got no umbrella
This is getting pretty old. I'll tell you that right now
right now
Let's do something about this. Okay. I mean, I know this makes for a lot of excitement for Brian Starcross and all those guys
Oh, yeah, the tropical wave and the tropical storm. We got the first one and they uh, oh jeez
Just can't wait for this crap get everybody hysterical
Here's tamarack. Hello, well, no, what you ought to do the little alcohol swab that you swap your finger with before you prick it
I don't know why you don't do that. Oh, all right. Well, they were just trying to give you a tip
But let me ask you why do you need to do that? Well, I think what I mean
Of course, it's gonna be very insignificant possibility
But you know, you never know you might get some germ that's on your skin
That's not supposed to be below your skin. Yeah, and that might you know, you might inject that into you
But I like I said that's uh, that's pretty far-fetch
I mean really with you. I'm agreeing with you
Sounds like something that Howard Hughes would have done back in those days, you know before he went nuts all together
Right, and I'm a pharmacist though. I figure I got to know a little bit about that. Yeah
But the thing I was calling up about there's two things when you started talking about it
People with the bags in the overhead compartment. I'm a frequent traveler. I should say right
They they say oh, you got to have this certain size bag. I've seen people load
Carful stuff. Oh, yeah people come on there carrying schlepping all kinds of stuff
And then of course they generally tend to be the first handful of people on the plane
And so you've got a hundred and fifty to two hundred people standing behind them
Just getting exasperated and dancing from one toe to the other waiting for them to put their crap in there
And a lot of these people man. It's like they're in their own world
It's like I like the drivers down here. There's nobody else behind me. Don't confuse me
I'm gonna take my own sweet time stick my fat ass out here in the middle of the island if nobody can get by too
Stick it bad and the plane is half hourly taking off because of me too bad
Well, I can't think of the number of times that I've gotten on the plane got where my seat is open up the overhead compartment and said
God isn't already space on this plane. Yeah, but the other thing you know what?
I mean the brine's blade decision doesn't surprise me a bit
I mean one it like two minutes after they announced the guilty verdict they announced the judges calling everybody into the thing on Monday
I mean if that was a horse race we'd say that was fixed. Yeah, there you go
I mean they picked the dumb jury, but I guess they just weren't dumb enough
I think the judge said well, I'll let it go to the jury. They'll give me the decision that I think we want
And then when they came back with the wrong one, she said well, wait a minute
We got to got to meet again on Monday and even the people from court TV were saying well. I think she's gonna reverse this
Well, I always do there weren't too many real oil UM football fans, but I guess we found one anyway. Yeah, I guess
Okay, all right, we're luck to us. Bye-bye. Okay, there we go everybody's concerned about my
Sticking my finger with those little pricks for the glue. You know and coming yesterday and did that
I really I'm not sure why the hell I did that
Of the new freak out Rick Riley, which I did Rick and suds both are like oh, they're turning their heads. What what is wrong with people
When you've done that thousands of times and you've taken little blood drops and you've done a thing with your blood sugar
It's it's insignificant
I mean how about people that have to take insulin for example that have to like take a needle and the shoot themselves up every day
How about that? I bet a girlfriend and I would inject her. Oh man. How that to me that's I'm not too crazy about that
But just a little pin prick like that and getting to drop a blood and sticking it on the
Thing there and wiping it off with a schmata. What's the big deal with that and these guys here's a couple of adults
Here's a couple of matcha with adults who are sitting there practically in tears
Like a couple of real pussies
Can I wet my pants here's highland beach hello? Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a spider for for you from Boston
Yeah
Um
Where it is in Boston that Brian McLean our primary and Doug McLean
Are interested in came nearly this he says came nearly says he's getting healthy and that the pants
Hey, he's interested in coming to Miami great for the panthers great
I wasn't sure where you would stand on that because it you know, he's often injured or whatever
Well, that's okay. We'll take him right now. No questions asked
He says he's doing his rehab everything's going great and that's just the report coming from up there
And in exchange for came nearly what they want is um
Possibly a draft pick and one of the players and that's yet to be named they haven't named it yet. Well one of the players
Um, they they they're not even talking about rumors as far as the players concerned
I'm just curious to wonder who would possibly be well
I'm sure I'll be the first one to find out in the rumor line. You know how that goes. Yeah, but um
I knew I figured you'd be interested in that okay
But yeah, they he would bring definitely a light for the next season as far as another goal scorer get him and with him between him and shepherd and
You know, they could definitely get things done out there sounds good to me, but um and can I call someone to do spare yeah
All right
Bob and Jimmy at Lyman Electric you are both two big fat boy douchebag. Okay. All right. Okay. Put you up. Get out of here
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 1147 at wiod
He's talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D a kill Nicole
In the past African-Americans were typecast by white society with such character portrayals as step-in-fetch it
Pig meet markum and man 10 more than those racist portrayals were demeaning and have since faded into the distant past
But not anymore
Thanks to the OJ Simpson trial
This kind of typecasting is back and funnier than ever before don't miss the premiere of aimison OJ
We look like you and big trouble the OJ a killing your wife in all
Just gotta help me ain't nobody better than cow who's the loyal
Well
Now our members of the jury did you know that offers a firm and done stole a bottle of the defendant's yellow shoe polish
And hold it all over the place
Aware now he stole it and now you know
And the whitey isn't mighty
And if it's helped didn't be that you must set it free
Why if you dig him then a quill
Don't miss aimison OJ tonight on five feet don't fail me now
152 a wiod it's raining cats and dogs man
It's like the maybe this can wash away another day of grotesque stuff that's going on around us
Huh maybe we can just get enough of this to wash all among away
To clear our minds to clear our souls to clear our conscience after the unconsciousable that's going on
Here's a mobile in for lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay
Count the days till vacation going out to Vegas next week. All right. Yeah. All right
Hey, you know the last couple of years have kind of made it more and more kids friendly
We're in fact we're taking our kids. What do you think of all the changes since they've done it's been a couple years since I've been there
I had one word smart. Yeah, brilliant. It doesn't change those the vibe. Huh?
It doesn't change the the atmosphere
Not at all
I always equated a bit. This is kind of the adult playground, you know, and
It seems like every new hotel is you know like the magic this and the castle of that and all that
I don't agree with that. I mean you got treasure island you got the amusement park inside of
MGM grand for where Santa's got well that's the best and unless you go to the amusement park part of it
You don't see kids running around really okay great
Well, that's where we hope to lose our kids for a week and then find them by the way to the airport
With that good excellent move and let me and let me recommend it's your first time at the MGM grand
Yes, it is let me tell you the flamingo in the past let me I forget that let me tell you that the food if you order room service from the MGM grand
Right is as good as any fine restaurant you'll find in a city which there are a lot of good ones, but the food is sensational. Oh no kid
Which I'm not saying you know sitting your room all day, but well
I'm just telling you but I'm just telling you if you get in the pen
Sure, you just don't feel like going out for dinner or something
From rooms are the service for this is hotel. It's got like 5,000 rooms and still somehow in 25 minutes
They bring your meal the food is spectacular and I mean it's expensive, but it's great
Well, that's every experience and come to people on the phone has been nothing but
Been to terrific and you've got nothing good reports. I guess the only thing that I've heard from some people is that it's so big
That it's kind of well you can I would take a compass along, but other than that it's okay. You'll get used to it great
Thanks a lot now. It's a great time. All right. Thanks. Okay
There you go. There's a smart guy like I said
This is the time of the year when now the kids are out of school and between now and the fourth of July
Everybody's heading out when in doubt they're heading out they're going places
They're getting out of this place. They're forgetting about Brian blades. They're forgetting about the
Bullfrogs in the boofos
They're starting to go out there and get a taste of what real life is all about and then of course we all got to come back
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay? Listen if they have I want to tell that douchebag that called a few calls ago
If they gave a sentence for being a dumb bitch
You would be on the other side of the electric switch or about 25,000 volts
The only thing that should be thrown out should be judge leave oh her stupid husband that dumb bitch Brian blades and
Drew Rosenhouse about 25 stories. What do you think? Yeah, that sounds good to me as Andrew should be first
He could be at the line. Is he a slime bowl or what? Yeah, I can't get every time I see him
I just want to cringe when I see this guy's
Like when this episode first happened and remember he said well, he doesn't have time to be bothered with this
With this incident. He's got a football career
You know, he's got to go out there and play football or an olympic right they dictated who they were gonna talk to when they were gonna talk to when
How you were gonna talk to them? That's right
And we're gonna round to this when it's convenient for us right. I hope Phil Hendry
I know you're in that studio somewhere
Please have Brian blades on today because one of the most historical calls I've had
That he's had on this show was when he had where I guess one of the relatives that called up
I don't know if you remember this I do I do remember that wasn't that a classic yeah
Only Phil could put that in perspective
But I'm sorry to add on with that with the other people I would have loved to bring other material to the table
But this drives me nuts listen to this injustice that goes on here and of course all around a country
But this drives me crazy today. No, I don't know about you, but uh, I don't know what they could do
I thought blossom was the ugliest specimen on the face of the circle. I saw the judge Leibau on the tube
Okay, have a good night. Have a great life
Yeah, I think at least blossoms got Vinnie anyway, you know, by the way
We're not gonna get a copy of that movie is that on video yet great white
White squad who what white squad
I thought it was called great white. Oh, that's a different one great white height. No great white hype
I know that's it's called white squad
The sailing movie. Yeah, yeah, which is a true story
And where they're all running around naked the whole movie and Vinnie whoever that kid what's his name again?
David Lashar. Oh boy, you must have that written down
Don't tell me you remember that. Yes. No way. David Lashar. You remember that
God
Here's the West Palm Beach. Where is it? Hello?
Neil yes, sir. Let me tell you. I'd like to talk to you for a second about oldies
About oldies oldies. There are no oldies stations and Palm Beach
I thought I tuned in the oldie station in Miami. They play runner-run through an unchained melody all the time
And then I turned into your show and I heard helpless by Kim Weston. I just wanted to know
I always tell I still had that you are the man. Yeah, because you know all these more than these so-called oldies stations
No, they just play like one or two deep into every artist
You know they play the same one or two songs you never hear like the third to fourth the fifth head into the you know
I'm saying I just play the same crap
For Mickey's monkey by the miracle right and for crossfire by the orwans
I asked them for help with play Kim Weston. They said who are
On magic on magic
Well, that's where I got the tape from Sunny Fox who of course don't listen anymore
So he says even though we lost all that weight on the atkins thanks to me
But nevertheless he's playing hard to get so I can't get another copy of helpless
Which I don't have a sense you would see the other because I
All right
I just want you to know you demand because you got the balls to play the stuff when they say they play but you demand
Okay pal, so yeah, that's right
We're starting play oldies tomorrow. We got a new floor mat coming up and I love these people are called here
Are they send me facts and say oh yeah? We love your show. Although you're tasting music sucks
My taste in music is almost as great as my taste in men. Okay. I mean fant sensational
I mean, I'm telling you when I tell you something is good
Believe me. It's good
Something you can really sink your teeth into here's crawl springs. Hello. Hello. No. Yes, sir
Wow, it's been a year since I've been able to talk to you. Why's that I've been up in New York
Up in Buffalo in Buffalo. Yeah, boy. That's a that's a fate worse than death
I agree with you 100%
I
Reason I'm calling that though you might appreciate this I just got home
I pull into my parking lot right where I park my car is three cops hiding in the bushes
Radar and people as they go down
Royal Pongola Park all of our
And they got a little system gone watching them now they got
One hiding in the bushes. I open the window with their motorcycle cops and they make a hell of a record when they take off
They get one and he points like you're calling a guy off the bench
He points to one of the guys on the motorcycle and they go and get them right and then you know then they rotate it
Yeah, but they're hiding right here. I'm gonna rotate on this
They're hiding right in my bushes here and on your on your property
Well in front of my apartment complex. Oh, right in the bushes there nice isn't that great?
Porkers and bushes so if you're coming down Royal Pong between Coral Ridge and Coral Springs
They're right there
Watch for the poke and I agree with you on the food and Vegas. It's excellent
It really is and uh when you can go to a hotel because I've been at hotels
uh all over the country and
Generally speaking and even in Europe some of the places the food ain't all that great
Some of the better hotels. It's pretty good
But finding great food in a hotel is almost unheard of but the MGM grant
I don't know how they do it, but it's sensational. It's sensational. I ain't it's inexpensive a lot of the food well
If you want to go to the cheap buffet, you know, there's different kinds of people to go to Vegas
There's people who want us, you know, just put a bunch of slop in their mouth for five bucks at the buffet
Which is okay? And then people have got some good taste and want to eat a great meal
I had I had some decent steak dinners. There was inexpensive that was uh
But I agree with you the food in the hotel is just superior. It's a fact. Not only other food
I had better in Vegas was in Hawaii. Okay. Thank you. Amen. I go along with that
In fact roots Chris started in Hawaii. So anyway, what about that free steak we were talking about?
If your refrigerator talks to you blame Phil Hendry WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale
News talking entertainment radio
610 WIOD
