I
We love you Panthers. Oh, yes, we do
The way you scared us for it follow through
You'll have your Stanley Cup
It's true
I'll never we love you
It's great what we love you, Melanie
You're where it's at
We'll make this season
Here are the red
You are my very favorite cat
Scott Melan be aware it's at
We love you Lindsay
Oh, yes, we do
The way you'd be rayed for
And ran for two
And that short handed goal
Was cool
Feel Lindsay
We love you
Floor out of town
They're so easy to learn
Cause they play with lots of heart
We love you any child
You can't be me
And when you've torn and crossed
In game three
The whole arena cheered
With clay
Javanovsky can't be me
We love you, need her, my her
You've really bloomed
Like a flower in a sunny room
You're gonna score again
Real soon
I'll be right near my
We love you
Floor out of town
They're so easy to learn
Cause they play with lots of heart
We love you be sure
Oh, yes, we do
With your stack and hats
And glove and two
We'll give the credit where
It's two
And be broke
We love you
We love you, don't look plain
Oh, yes, we do
You'll be coach of the year
Because it's true
We brought us all this way
Oh, oh
Oh, Panther as we love you
You know, you've really hold off for so long
And Tim Tim Horton never showed up
That's what really cost us the game
Tim were waiting and waiting
And Beezers making all these incredible saves
And holding these guys off
And were just waiting for Tim Horton
To get in that lineup
And take that wicked slap shot from the point
And he's busy, I guess, making the donuts
And the bagels
And getting those signatures on the petitions for Doug up there
And summer side
It's been a great run boys and girls
It's really been fantastic
But you know something I'm
I have no, I don't know what people are calling say
Oh, I'm so disappointed and I'm so depressed about what?
What's there to be disappointed and depressed about you?
Crazy silly people you
And man, did we make a work for it last night?
I think I don't even have any idea what time was when I got home
Must have been about quarter to two in the day morning
And it seems like only moments ago as a matter of fact
And here I am
I think
Here I am, quarter to two in the morning
And you know something if they'd have played till five this morning
I'd have still been there
Although I will say this
I waited till the last Panther was off the ice
Until a little Torp Gary Bettman handed out the cons
My trophy to Joe Sackick
Which kind of surprised me
Because some of us thought that Pat Frog was going to get it
But he did not
And at that point when they started doing the thing
Bringing out the Stanley Cup
Which I've seen a Stanley Cup at the hockey hall of fame in Toronto
I don't need to see it again
And I sure wasn't going to stick around
And watch the avalanche skater
Who needs to see that
I mean if it would have been our guys
And we would have won the game in different story
Out of state that I'd still be there
And by the way we need to find out something about that fan appreciation
Party tomorrow night since I have nothing on it
And you would think that maybe I might be somebody that they wouldn't let know about it
Well maybe not
But thanks to my good friends over there at Tony the Nose's Marinos Valley Parking
They were great all year long
Even when they bashed up my car that one time
Made for an exciting show the next day and Tony came right to the house with the check
And made me an offer I couldn't refuse
Thanks a lot Tony
And all you other guys you were great
And it's been a phenomenal run
I don't know how anybody could get any more energy
Even Ratman who talks a good game
Was giving me crap before the game
Sounds like you've given up
I said I didn't give up
I never said that I just said I'm hoping for the best
Or playing a hell of a team
How much can you squeeze out of a turnip?
You know what I'm saying?
And amazingly they squeezed a hell of a lot out of it
The only negative out of this whole thing
And I've told you this before is I just
And I know that many of my fellow real fans who are there as season ticket holders
And are there night after night and have been for the three years now
Feel exactly the same way
I'll be so glad when we get back to the regular season
And I know opening night will be it'll be a zoo also
But once we get like to the second home game
And we get all of these phonies out of there
I'm not talking about the new fans who made a lot of new fans
That's great that's what it's all about
But these phonies
Oh man these assholes who if they killed a rat thing
They killed the rat destroyed
We never had any problem all season long
None from the minute that they started with the melon bee and the rat thing
We never had a problem
They would throw a few of a dozen of them out there
The guys would come out with their little Orkin jersey
They'd have their bucket state clean them up
They'd whisk like 30 seconds
It was like down to a science no problem
But now we had a bunch of drunken jackasses
Who thought that this was not a hockey game
Not a sporting event
But just a time to come and act rowdy and be a bunch of jerks
And boy you sure did a great job
Inside the last minute of regulation play
We're storming all around Patrick Frog there
We have a couple of great scoring chances
And all of a sudden after the puck shepherd shot
Hit the outside of the net
Very clearly was not a goal didn't go in
Wasn't even close to going in
And some of these idiots in the uprooted decided
Oh wow I was pretty close maybe that went in
And they started heaving these rats
And meantime the game is still going on
And finally McCreary the referee has to blow the whistle
And stop the play and they have to take the time to slow everything down
All the momentum is lost
The face off comes outside the blue line
Because you idiots are the ones that caused the stop at your play
And thank you so much
We might have just wrapped it up right there
I got lots more to say about the behavior of real
Borish idiots
And of course we don't have any lock on that
I mean looking at fans in Detroit
What they did a few years ago
With the Tigers won the series
And look at the fan the so-called giant fans
At that San Diego game last year with the ice balls
Not snowballs but ice balls
And knocked the one assistant coach unconscious
I mean you know you're dealing with so many assholes out there that is
And I know you can't like check personality idea at the door
You just can't like be that selective
Where you say to everybody well
We're only going to let in certain people
Because you can't do that
Unfortunately I wish we could
Thank you so much
Anyway 10th 13
I have WYOD at NIL
God
That damn fat guy I can't stand him
I'm not a fan
Late night buffet
Late night buffet
I should have known all that food could be banned
I didn't know this fish is brown gravy
Couldn't make my body feel so sick
Or sell it right in
Can be so hard on your thighs
And those raps make me want to scream
And my buds too showed a white
Diary, diarrhea, diarrhea
Diary, diarrhea, diarrhea
You made my butt blue
And the whole diarrhea
Is that my hiding inner spirit
Just when you think it must all be over
Oh lord, here it comes
It's a whole diarrhea
Diary, diarrhea
Diary, diarrhea
Diary, diarrhea
You made my butt blue
Diary, diarrhea
What?
Late vacation works
That's the job of the penis for your husband
And he's reproducing?
Is that what you're saying?
Some horrible thing like that
He's already done that
Oh no
Oh no, I told you the world is screwed up
Didn't I tell you that?
That's because the wrong people are reproducing
Anyway, it's 1018 at WYOD
So here's the dope to scoop
And this is about tomorrow night
For all the Florida fans
And like I said for the real fans
Okay, all you jackasses that showed up in here
And it's really started in this series
And the Avalanche series in the finals
Because then of course it became like really heavy duty
Where everybody felt compelled to show up
Believe me, trust me what I tell you
Lots of other people would love to have had those seats
Trust me
Anyway, the Panthers post season celebration
Free admission to the first 14,000 fans
Who show up tomorrow night
It's at 7 o'clock
And at 630 at the Miami Arena
And it says
There, what does it say?
It said there will be
We're gonna have to read that
Whatever it said
Oh featuring player and coach comments
Highlight videos, Prince of Wales, trophy display
Etc.
Or the players will all be there
The coaches will all be there
And anybody who's a real fan will be there
So I guess it's a choice between a racetrack
And being there rich is what it's all about
So we'll see if that rich
Well, Richard probably be able to get some free food
If he shows up there
So we'll see what that's all about
But it's really been amazing, man
Mind boggling isn't the expression for it
It's just been, and I don't care what any of these other people
What man which tells you right
These other still
They're really silly people
I feel sorry for some of these guys
Because you know they're getting paid to get on there
And flap their gums just like I do
And they don't know what they're talking about
So they feel just to make you got to make some kind of a noise
You know whether it's li- li- li- like that
Whatever kind of a noise it is
They have to make something come out
So they're uttering a lot of sputum and crap
And they haven't got any idea what they're talking about
And they're really reaching you know
For all these different angles
And I'm like well just how long will these achievements be?
Remember I'll tell you one thing is a hockey fan
For many matters a real fan
I'll never forget this year
I don't care if we won the next 15 Stanley Cups in a row
Which is a little on the unlikely side
In fact it's highly unlikely we'll get back to the finals for quite some time
The way things work
But nevertheless you still couldn't possibly forget it
But some people who haven't been a part of this ongoing period of time
I mean you know we welcome the new fans
But if you haven't been a part of it
And you really don't understand it
And you really don't have any loyalty to it or understanding of it
Then how can you comprehend what it really means?
I don't care about the dolphins and about the hurricanes
And about this game
It doesn't mean anything
It's nothing compared to this
And boy the beauser and Pat Frog last night
Man those two put on a demonstration
The last time I saw anything like that was my trip up to Toronto three years ago
When St. Louis and Leif's went into a double overtime
And St. Louis one two to one in the second overtime
And Curtis Joseph stopped 62 Toronto shots
And Felix Poffen was equally brilliant
And it wound up two to one St. Louis
But that's the last time I saw anything close to this with unbelievable goal tending at both ends
And of course in this case I think the beauser was even better
Because he had more impossible shots to stop
I mean impossible
And he still managed to do it
He was just phenomenal without him
We wouldn't have been anywhere all year long
But what can you say everybody really showed up and he played their guts out
And I think this play that you saw last night tells you everything you need to know about these guys
They got their backs to the wall
And they could have just wilted and said okay we gave it a you know
We gave it a good effort. Let's all go home now
But they played their brains out last night
I mean they were hitting and they were like just doing everything
They think we wound up with 62 shots ourselves which would be a team record
We got 61 in a Pittsburgh game all of that was in three periods in regulation
But still 62 shots everything but standing on our head to try to get it in there
And we couldn't beat that frog
And it was phenomenal
But for anybody to say well were he pressed and were so disappointed
Well I don't understand what you're talking about
How could anybody have ever dreamed that we were going to go through this phenomenal ride especially
When the last third of the season up until that last game against the Rangers
The last third of the season we couldn't buy a goal we were in a coma
We couldn't do anything we couldn't we couldn't buy a point in the standings
And it was like it was slipping away you could feel it slipping away
And thank God when Brian Murray got out there in Stole Ray Shepherd and Martin Stracca
And it came in here we got hot for three or four and one of some games in a row
And then we went back in and we're a little swoon there again
And then we really kicked ass in that last Ranger game to get home ice advantage against Boston
That's what it was all about but after all of that you would have thought well really great finally making a playoffs after coming within a point the first two years
But now it'll be fun and it'll be it so who would have ever believed that this would have gone on
But then again people who don't understand the Stanley Cup playoffs who don't understand the intensity of it
Who don't understand the bone crushing thing that these guys go out there through night after night
You know they're playing every other night
They're not playing like once a week and if they get a hang the alley a sit out
They're playing every other night and they're playing offense and defense at the same time
Up and down and back and forth and try to compare it to any other sport
You've got to be some kind of a moron some kind of an idiot
But we know who the phonies are like I said and it's too bad that a few maybe maybe a hundred assholes in their last night
And during this finals had to ruin it for everybody by you know the rat thing they they killed it
It was a lot of fun I think it could have gone on but at this point they're ain't no way
So bring all the rats you got for tomorrow night it says rats will be allowed all you got
And you can heave them because other than that they're not going to be worth too much
I guess we won't be getting any faxes about rats for sale today
We won't be getting no faxes about rats for sale today I don't think
Unless they're really going on a big special
1023 at WIOD
Use talk entertainment radio 610 W I O D
1026 at WIOD happy or whatever day
I have lost total track of time in the day of the week then I come in here this morning dragging my ass big time
About 927 and the photographer is a good guy but I mean you know it's not his fault from Channel 4 is here again
You know like I said before he can only squeeze so much blood out of a rock
And I did another piece for today only because the guy can't slept all the way over here with a camera and the equipment
But I mean it's all over guys
Okay, the series is over the season is over the dream is over it's it's done
It's all over okay, and you can only squeeze a little more milk out of this thing here out of this little thing
And that's it
So cut the crap and leave me alone okay you idiots over Channel 4 that enough
Oh my god if Tim Horton would have just showed up we'd still be planning
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Hey Neil how you doing bud?
Okay sir
Two things one and first to say I got into hockey about eight years ago you know born in Florida and stuff
I did never really have the exposure into hockey
I got into about eight years ago and in 93 when the panthers came much like yourself
I knew your maple leaf fan and when the panthers said hey you know you're going to support them obviously you're in Miami and what not
Back when they had guys like Serella, Andre, Lamak and Ryan Benning
Ryan Benning, Jesse Belange, which of course he got traded this year
You need David off the V-Dough
Don't probably don't even remember him
I don't even remember him
You got the first Russian
But the point is and even the guys like Mel and me are still around and screwing stuff
Randy Gillen
Exactly number 20 was Randy Gillen, six, Joe Serella
Randy Gillen that was another great deal we stole Stu Barnes from Winnipeg for Randy Gillen
He played Randy Gillen he played on the checking line if I remember
And I was still learning hockey at that point because I've already got into it eight years ago
I didn't know a lot about it and you know I'm not trying not to be one of these assholes out there
That you know jumps on the bandwagon whichever team was and when they came in I said look you know
I like hockey, I like physicality, I like to play
And this year you know following the panthers and seeing what they've done
I've been on I've played football and baseball and had some championships
I went out and high school and out
I wasn't even half as proud as I was last night sitting in my home in disbelief
When the beavers was making the most unbelievable saves
I think it's the best I've ever seen him play
He made saves that were impossible the one where it hit the crossbar and it came right back down in front
And he's down and out of position how he stopped that I just I have no idea
There were like maybe ten of them that he made that were impossible I just can't be made
You know they were showing us good win in the play of the year with that say
Which on on Sackic which by the way was incredible I would say that
But I got to say that the beavers last night would have equal that you know the I guess the magnitude of his
Osgoot's play in his you know overtime period it was outside like I said Neil
I've never been more play I look how Osgoot played in a playoff by the way he was like a civ in some of those games in a beavers
You know the beavers had that one period where they scored four in the first period
And I'll say it again I'll say it again all four shots and we're unstoppable
They were like deflections the one that was tipped in out of the year by Forsberg
Anybody that tells anybody tells me that beavers had a bad second game because they pounded us wasn't watching the game
Can pound themselves. Yeah
But I just want to say at no point in my life when I was sitting there last night and I was just proud of you know the panthers
And you know this just makes it even even more so you know I was a fan before
And not like some of these punks out there but I mean I you know now I would consider myself a die hard
I would I would unfortunately I don't make a lot of money at what I do and I've been able to go to a couple of panthers games
You know since they started with do couple the first year couple the second year and I've been to three games this year
But I'd say any chance I can get men on there and I just love them Neil
And I get to listen you you know for the majority of your show because I'm out on the road and I just wanted to thank you for at least you know distinguishing between people that have at least attempted to legitimately learn the game much like myself
I mean I know I saw a lot to learn about hockey there's a lot of stuff I understand some things I don't understand
But I just wanted to thank you for distinguishing between you know what are you know the fair weather guys
And the people are at least making an honest effort to be fans and I appreciate everything you've done and I love your show Neil
Okay I appreciate everything you've done for for South Florida and you are God
Amen thanks for all buddy thanks pal have a good one
Okay so I guess what he said is we have an open line on a green line 1-800-944
And of course then Bojangles is going to come on to your ears and well you know there they go Belly again again
When we have empty seats during the regular season we get all these people turn out now fill up the place I mean you can't make these guys happy
The bottom line of the whole thing is you want real fans okay I would have rather had 500 empty seats even though it would have been embarrassing last night
Then have the 500 assholes that didn't that were thrown right and then there were a couple of other times during the game
The game is going on and they're throwing rats on the ice
While the game is going on
You know in fact one time we were coming down the ice and Pat was at my end of the ice it was during one of the 85 periods in the game
I can't even remember when and Pat for August and it is a big rat just off to the right of an up thick and boy
What if we get a scoring chance and somebody slips and breaks their neck on it or whatever the hell happens
What are you thinking about and of course that's obviously a stupid question because they're not they don't have the capacity to think
You're dealing with idiots with morons
Don't do us any favors okay if you're a professional jackass by trade just find something else to do
Go someplace else go to the cock fights in highly a do something
But don't do us any favors and you know there's all these phony's man you could scrape that layer and I want to say it for the 8 minute time
It's the greatest thing as far as generating interest and excitement and a lot of new fans
I'm talking about people who really legitimately got to love the game and learn it and understand it and know the players
That's great but boy the the to me I think it's kind of a small percentage of all this phony hoopla and especially these media guys
Who do these people think they're kidding that they think we all have Alzheimer's?
People like Zagaki who's on their smiling from ear to ear he's got the big phony
Look it looks like they've got his mouth like you know what I'm talking about like they've got it pulled like the thing with the toothpicks in
In the clockwork orange where the toothpicks are in the eyes keeping his eyes it looks like they've got his mouth like strapped open red so wide
With a phony broad grin you know like we know you hate it like poison
You don't know anything about it and you've pooped it for the last three years and you've been adamant about all we don't want to talk about hockey
Because it sucks and it's boring and nobody cares about it. We know all about that show. Who are you kidding now?
You're a jackass
At least a homeron here I'll give him one thing he hates it. He don't know nothing about it
Every once in a while he's honest enough to say I wish you would be over with because I have no interest in it
At least that's honest which happens like every other day depending on what mood he's in
But these other guys who put on his big act like they're the experts and they really understand about papan
They talk to this one and they spoke to the coach and big stinkin deal
Okay, go take your showers in the empty locker room with each other and stop pretending okay
They're salivating right now they're rubbing her hands together because all they know is that pig skin
That's all they know the only other skin they know is the foreskin the foreskin and the pig skin
That's all they know trust me what I tell you whether it's the little dog or the big dog or the hot dog
Whichever dog it is hop aboard that's all they know
So it's been wonderful and it's been great and some of us have been you know in there and fighting and screaming
And trying to beg and plead and tell people hey here's something good to take a look at it and the game too
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello
Hi Neil yes sir what an excellent season and what a game last night
Yeah, what a way to cap it off. It's almost like we won when you come right down to it
Yes, but we did we're Eastern Conference champs everybody I mean even the game last night it's I feel like almost we wanted
Oh, yeah, Scott effort was just unbelievable
I had to go to work at one thirty in the morning and at one oh seven I'm still watching the game
And there was no way I was going to leave before
You know we knew that with the outcome and how it came out but what a goalie tool
Oh just magnet it's phenomenal and just like they were both unconscious
That game you treat you relish in treasure and keeping your mind because you don't seem like that all the time
Yeah, you could you could go to games for another 30 years and you may never see one like that again
Oh, that was the best the guys did but I'm so proud of them I'm proud of just proud of being a Panther fan
Go Panthers!
Okay pal. All right. See ya.
Hi.
Opaline on a green line 1-800-944-9463
We'll get some more information from somebody who sounds and looks like Jeff Moss and some other people over there
And then we'll pass it along about tomorrow night's thing
And I'm sure that we'll have a lot of people out there I don't know if we're going to have fourteen thousand or not
But I know some of us will be there. One way or the other we'll be there
Here is Weston on a purple line. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir. There should be more than fourteen thousand. The street should be filled with people
It's free so I can't imagine my people will I'm a little nervous in that area about who's going to show up on the inside
Yeah, we'll have homeless people in downtown Miami.
Probably empty out Camilo's house and they'll all be moving in. Well, I'd be better to have money inside I think than out in the streets anyway
At least our cars will be safe.
And it'll be a lot easier to get there because we won't have all those assholes in the streets with their I need ticket signs
You know standing out blocking traffic in the middle of the roads.
Yeah, and that was the game of propellas night man. It was unbelievable.
Yeah, it was a nail but I had to wake up at 4 30 this morning man. I barely slept.
I was just still picked up after the game you know. It was incredible.
Yeah, it was incredible. What a season. Panther's God man.
Okay pal.
Sick man.
See you in October. Bye.
Yeah.
Won't be long now next season starts in October and the camp starts in September.
This is what middle of what is this middle of June? I have no idea.
Did you lie to August September three months and we'll be in camp and of course we got the draft.
Why don't we go to have our big 45 hour NHL draft show, huh?
And if you have.
Oh, oh boy. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, no, yes sir.
Hey, Don. Okay.
Hopefully I speak for the whole Florida but thank you, Panthers.
We really love you and thank you for the great season.
And also Neil. Thank you for my medallion number 501.
Great.
And this is your buddy's assignment and I just wanted to thank you very much for all your help with the Panthers too.
And before you, I never thought I would anticipate butterflies in my stomach waiting to see hockey every other night.
Yeah.
You know, and I'll be there forever.
We sure got our money's worth up to that.
I'll tell you it.
And I said, thank you and even though hockey is over, I still will be listening to you.
I'm not like these other households.
Okay, pal.
All right, Neil. Thanks.
Yeah. Okay, sign man.
That's the sign man just in case you missed it.
It's 1038 at W-W-I-O-D.
The Florida's sailing at Cod when he allegedly bought cocaine.
The former NFL back had a hundred bucks worth of crack cocaine.
He was in middle of each acting just like St. C.
He's cocaine.
I like crime.
L.C. why did you buy cocaine?
One of Dallas's stars.
My wife and me high bars are cocaine.
Michael and Erwin got caught in a tire when he bought cocaine.
They played fun for the rest that they're all doing just cocaine.
Boy.
1041 at W-W-I-O-D.
Here's a chronic facts from some jackass out there.
A baiting facts.
I dear you to read to Sonny and he's ripping the crap out of the panthers and about me in the rats
and about this.
It's interesting enough which I wouldn't even dignified as jackass by reading his name on here.
I'm looking at the signature on the facts thing from Miami-Dade Community College academic affairs.
Obviously a real genius, a real rocket scientist who's got a tiny penis.
Well listen I can relate to what's so blow it out to your ass.
I dear you to read to Sonny are very important Neil Roger.
Yeah right.
Mr. Expert.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Hi.
First time caller.
Long time.
Listen.
Yes sir.
Oh man.
I didn't think a one zero game could be that exciting.
I mean I was up to a crook.
Can't get too much more exciting than triple overtime in a scoreless game.
I guess that Penguin Washington game that went quadruple overtime, you know, almost to five.
Yeah it's like I'm actually kind of glad that lost like this.
You know just finished it out going out.
Not you know fighting.
Yeah.
I you know I understand what you saying.
Probably some people so I can just say that but I can relate to it because I'm drained.
As a fan if I'm drained I can imagine how this team must be because how many how many big
series can you keep going into day after day week after week.
I mean just sooner or later does got to be an end and we didn't have a five day nice rest in there like Colorado did.
We had to go we had to fly straight from Pittsburgh and a grueling seventh game and right out to Denver and the couple of nights later Bingo were back in it again.
And I mean this has been incredible this year.
I mean that's all I can say.
Okay.
All right.
I think what you're saying is.
Incredible.
Exactly.
Okay pal.
Come down.
Go get some rest.
We have an open line in day 7519463 751 WIOD only in Miami where I can get a facts like the one I just referred to which is an eight on a hundred pieces in a waist
basket. It reminds me of like you know the guy that sends that scrawly facts George the one every every day.
That you know used to use a different hand right here something now thinks that are we really that stupid that we even take time reading that stuff.
And you wonder about what kind of life and I hate to use that expression because you know they don't have any life.
But what kind of creatures are we talking about what kind of pathetic quizzlings are we dealing with here.
Just tragic.
Nothing you could wish on that could take their life worse than it is.
And this letter which you saw because you're like typewritten I mean I'm talking about paragraph after paragraph like 2000 words you're like an essay and every word of it.
Coco just just I mean stuff that it looked like it came out of the guys.
Rectome if you pardon the expression and maybe it did.
He's probably one of the assholes that was earth throwing rats while the game was going on last night and cost us the game.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil good morning.
Yes sir.
Listen thank you very very much for the whole season.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for my poster that I got.
Thank the panthers McLean everything.
Thanks for my satellite dish.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And thanks to the CBC for coming down here with the number one crew that was great just having Don Cherry.
I got to meet him in person in the flesh there last night he was being mobbed by people for autographs.
He's a hell of a guy and he was down here and Ron McLean and Bob Cole and Harry Neal.
It was great having him down here and they got to see a pretty good act except for the rats.
I have all the games taped from the CBC including unfortunately Don's dog show.
Yeah but did you see the special they did last night with Doug McLean?
I haven't looked at the tape yet because Neal is to say at my tape runs for six hours and it ran out a quarter after midnight.
And when I got home a quarter to two in the morning I wasn't going to sit down and you know.
No no no I understand but they did a really nice piece back at his hometown in summer.
Summerside is it?
Yeah did they talk to Tim Horton at all?
No I don't think so he's still looking for Don.
He's still busy making the donuts yeah.
But no it's a really nice thing.
Did you know that the team he's you should see the high school picture they show him.
He looks like a guy right out of the Beatles hip-yard.
I've seen that.
Have you?
But in the team he played for was the Panthers.
Did you know that?
The name of the team he is.
Right the name of their high school team but Manlison thanks for everything.
We'll be there tomorrow with Bells on and what can you say I mean like I told my best friend to me
are Stanley cut my Stanley Cup anyhow is Pittsburgh because I couldn't go any further.
I just like what more can we do?
There's no more that we can do as far as I was concerned.
I mean we went up against the team that was the best team in league.
And you noticed that five they arrested and do them any harm and I'm not taking anything away from them because they're a great team
but even in a third overtime you know guys like Kaminsky who played a hell of a game I thought last night for them
and Ozilens who had a tremendous game they were skating like the wind.
I mean you know how long can you keep going out there and these guys they just never slow down.
One question I want to ask you right quick now that now you mentioned that as far as physical endurance and stuff
and football they do it over there.
Did they not give oxygen to the players?
Do you mean hockey players?
Right on the bench.
During the game I don't not that I know of.
I've never seen that.
Now that Denver is backing with a team you can't say I've been in Denver quite a few times.
You can't say people who are sitting down here practicing in South Florida can go from Pittsburgh after a game in a series like that.
Out to an area where the air is there.
It was tough it was a brutal assignment but you can't take anything away from them either.
Oh wait no you can't.
Okay pal have a good one.
Open line at day 7-5-1 and of course I remember the words those ringing pathetic words of pussycat man to join a station on Sunday night about.
Well having a parade for a team that comes in second no athlete worth his salt they would rather they would rather hug a rattlesnake as I think what he said
than participating something like that well guess what mad pussy they're going to be out there tomorrow night it's not going to be a parade but it's going to be a big love fest between the team and the fans.
And yes so they lost big stink and deal.
And they'll all be there and they'll be just as great and decent and gracious and in fact red Warner who wasn't in line up last night because of a groin pole when he skated over that stick.
That unfortunate episode that led to Joe Sackie's winning goal in the game the other night but the red Warner was up there in the section to our right just a couple of sections over.
And I noticed him I don't know if he was up there the whole night but he was up there in between periods at one point and man when they discovered him up there they just barrage him and he was signing autographs and talking and smiling these guys are just a rarity it's and especially during an era of time when you got all these assholes and sports I mean on and off the air it's breath of fresh air.
To find a bunch of guys like this you won't find it very often of course this is a typical hockey I mean you got a few jerks too like Tom Barasso and some other guys who you know he's going to have that many guys is going to be a few jerks but generally speaking these are the best guys for the median for the fans and it's appreciated.
1048 at W.I.O.D.
A bank robber gets more than he bargained for.
The citizen showing threatened to his own gun out and shoots the would be robber right in the head.
The best news news talk an entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D.
Not that judge. Okay 1051 at W.I.O.D. we're just having a real party over here boy that cigarette is really a raunchy I'll tell you that.
That's worse than a cigar I've ever smelled.
Here's what are we doing?
My eyes are foggy I mean I have no idea where I am but all I know is I'm content. Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
How about those panthers?
Yes sir. I love them and I appreciate being turned on to them by you and everybody else here in South Florida.
I watched five hours of hockey last night.
On the edge of my seat I couldn't believe it.
What time was it when it came in at about 115 10 after?
Yeah about 115 120 and I was psychotic.
I couldn't believe it.
I've never watched hockey before in my life until they went into the playoffs with the Bruins.
Bruins yeah.
And I'm a bandwagon jumper I'm glad to say it but I'm a good bandwagon jumper.
I'm going to be here for the rest of the duration of this team.
Yeah well right right now that it's all over now is the point at which we'll be able to separate the good bandwagon jumper.
Right from the fatty bandwagon jippers because those guys your fuzz,
leap frog right off the thing and you want to be hearing from them again.
I got my two panthers flagged on my truck right now flying them around proud.
My heart's pumping I'm so proud of these guys no matter what happened.
Everybody should be proud of their panthers.
And we better have a gigantic packed house there tomorrow night.
I'll be there.
Price is right.
Hey listen I was watching, unfortunately the Fox track which blows the globe blows.
Yeah.
And that asshole Rick Sanchez I don't know if you saw this.
He said they're talking to that Kelly girl and they're showing the Eastern conference cup right.
The one that they want trophy right.
Right and Rick goes well there's the Stanley Cup he's looking right at that's what everybody's shooting for.
That's what I'm going to tell baby.
That's a squad on this squad on this cup.
I wouldn't believe it and then after it was over Kelly goes Rick.
I think that was the conference cup.
He goes oh well well well one cup whatever what an asshole.
Yeah.
I mean give me a break.
He wouldn't know a cup if he was wearing one.
I don't think he has to wear one.
Probably not.
Not from what I understand.
Anyway shameless request.
Yes.
He played it already but the without the guitar version that girl singing that song.
The Okapella now.
Yeah.
We got requests for with guitar and Okapella.
I'm not saying it to him.
I'm plugged.
Okay Bell.
I love it.
I love you too Neil.
See you sweetheart.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Okay.
We have an open line on the a brow line.
See during the regular season that I've told you that when you go to a Panther game the crowd
there is like the most clean cut the most I hate to say good looking but they're a lot of
really good looking people in there.
But I mean you know what I'm saying like living and breathing fairly well dressed.
I mean casual in a lot of cases there.
They're not all there in their yuppies suits like at the heat games I understand but it's
just a real nice thing.
There always going to be a few drunks and idiots but generally speaking not very many especially
compared to football games.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Of course we don't have tailgate parties before hockey games that may have something to do with
it.
See there's some of these Yahoo's I don't want to say red necks or white trash but there's
some of these people all they know going to sporting event is just how blitz they can get
before it starts and then of course keep adding to it while it's going on.
So they can especially be more obnoxious than usual and especially try to detour everybody
else from being able to enjoy themselves and usually they do a very good job.
But we don't have an awful lot of that but now during the playoffs we've had this extra
element that's come in and it's really unfortunate because they're not representative of what
has ordinarily gone on there during the regular season even when we have had sell outs
and we've had plenty.
But see there I am being picky again I want to choose who can come in and who can't and
I guarantee if I could do that we'd have one swell crowd.
Okay here's Miami Beach.
Why is it me?
Oh it's all the schmutz on this thing.
I feel like I'm going blind.
This thing is so schmutz stuff it's probably all the stuff in the room no doubt.
Here's Miami hello.
Hello how are you okay.
They all lit 75% of the plane was located they said at all.
How about your pardon?
75% of the value of jet that's all they found.
And so they have a sign in Atlanta.
A private value jet one fourth off.
Do they?
Yes.
Uh huh.
And that's it.
Okay brilliant.
Okay we have an open line indeed 7519 didn't tell we didn't tell us which fourth they cut off.
That's bad that's really bad especially for people out there who are finding like body parts and
I'm surprised channel seven didn't you know here's a hand over here here's a finger.
Oh look at this look at what this might be.
Oh it's just a thumb.
But that's what it's all about there a bunch of grave robbers they don't care all these people
in the media and just just a bunch of hormones just like this thing would channel four coming over here and just manipulating and using me for fun and profit and never at any point
discussing like well how about we give you like something.
Besides a headache don't you think they should give me something over there I'm not talking about monetary that would be out of the question.
But I mean like something like send us over lunch today or something anything like a t-shirt.
Yeah like a brine or cross t-shirt I'd be proud to wear that not.
So anyway here's Oakland Park hello.
Yes sir another exhausted Panther fan.
Oh man I'm drained.
Fortunately I got to lay in bed and watch it.
But we found a new use for rats last night watching very Melrose get tilted between periods made all worth while.
Yeah well it's just so tragic what went on there that there's no words to describe the nightmare that went on while the game was going on in these idiots throwing rats on the ice and causing play to be stopped and the face off to come out.
Outside their blue line with 44 seconds left in regulation.
The rat thing is so has been so destroyed by these Johnny come lately.
No I'm serious it's pathetic.
Those are the same people we we had no problem we had no all the regular seasons and it was early in the year when this rat thing started.
I'll never forget it all year long we had very little problem and you know it got a little bit more extensive.
But all of a sudden we get these inter loafers who come in there with eight and they think that now more is better.
It would be like going to a Detroit game having them throw 6,000 octopus on the ice you know.
I get a little creamish on that one.
Listen did I hear you right there's only three months till hockey season.
Three months till camp till September and in next season starts October I don't know what the date is but like early in October I probably run the fifth or tenth.
We'll be counting the days.
What does it mean when you flip during commercials over to the doosh to watch roller hockey?
Are you hooked?
I guess so either that or have no life one of the other well my wife was asleep.
That was going to be the next line you.
All right Neil be with you tomorrow night.
I'll be there.
See you.
We have an open line at Broward 5249463524WID.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Good morning Neil.
When is this?
I got a few things.
What day is it anyway?
Oh jeez I forgot.
Tuesday.
We ran into a buzz song we played pretty damn well.
I'm so proud.
I flew my flag today the way them guys played.
I would never fly a flag after a dolphin game the way they play sometimes.
Unless it was upside down.
Exactly.
But like you said could you imagine if this team was leaving how it would tear our hearts out?
Yeah.
I'm glad to stand.
Yeah how soon a lot of people are forgotten we've gone from the depths of the spear and of course that was a real good excuse during the middle of the season when we had our usual 2-3-3-thousand empty seats.
Well we got a lot of people aren't ready to come join in here because they don't want to get emotionally involved with the team that's not going to be here.
They always are really good at coming up with excuses.
That was a very popular one.
And it looked really grim for a while there and we were walking around with long pushes and then all of a sudden not only are they staying but we're going to get a great state of the art arena right in my neighborhood there in a place where it's safe.
And then we go through all of this.
Well I enjoyed the rat thing but like you said next year it's definitely got to go.
It's history.
They've killed it.
Yeah.
Okay Neil.
Okay. The next year.
I'll be there.
Thanks.
I'll be there although not really sure where I'm going to be sitting.
I got to make sure you when you talk to Jeff Moss the next time he remembers that promise he made for me.
Okay.
And I mean it's not is it personal or is it business that I'm not going to be because I'm not expecting Cox broadcasting to be buying me tickets for next
hockey season since we're not going to be owned by Cox broadcasting starting.
You know what I'm saying?
Plus who wants to be near there.
Many way.
Oh I'm sorry.
Yeah I just assume move just a little ways away.
I mean there's some very nice people in our section.
I'm not saying I want to move out of the section but at least far enough away so I don't have to smell.
I mean be too close to them.
But we'll see about that because I know the packs and people they got a box.
They don't just monkey around with a few seats here and there but they got a box and you know if I have to pay for my own.
That's great because this season I paid for two extras anyway.
And then Dennis left town by the way Dennis boy what a bad choice.
Here this guy I know he's got a lovely girlfriend up there in Atlanta and all this other stuff.
He got himself a nice job up there.
But here's a real dynamo fan would come there and get all agitated and worked up to a lot there which I enjoyed.
But uh misses all of this.
You know what they say life ain't always fair Dennis.
Say it like this.
610 WI D.
I'm full of it.
New's causing entertainment radio.
610 WI OD.
I OD.
Huh?
You want to try that again?
Oh my goodness look at that you changed my time of day and I don't know what I'm doing.
All right.
What does that mean?
Did we change?
Are we back on standard time now?
What does that mean?
Yeah it's just as late for me I got confused because you can't say new in a clock.
Yeah you can it would make just as much sense as what you just said.
That's the point.
Okay I think you're done.
Want me to fix it? Yeah.
Yeah you're done. Thanks.
Thanks.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fighter than Hank Goldberg.
Oh!
I'm just right now and he dumped it in.
One of the men took a look.
Shot it to the corner and got by Shepard.
And it's cleared back down the ice.
Colorado changing the penalty killers.
Shepard had to make a fast move to pick it up.
He did.
Got it in over the line.
Shepard got the back shot.
Shepard!
Shepard!
Highs again!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
We love you, Panthers.
Oh yes we do.
The way you skate and score.
And follow through.
Oh!
Bring on your grand.
Love you.
Oh, Panthers, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Scroodland.
Oh yes we do.
Yeah!
Even when you took that double two.
First slicing, Brenda Moore.
Clean through.
Oh Scrooey, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Malin B.
You're where it's at.
You made the season.
You're of the rat.
You're on my very favorite cat.
Scott Malin B.
We love you, Neater Meyer.
You've really bloomed.
Like a flower in a sunny room.
Oh!
You're gonna score again.
We're here soon.
Rob Neater Meyer, we love you.
Score, score.
We love you, Beaver.
Oh yes we do.
With your mighty pads and glove hand too.
We'll give the credit where it's due.
Van B.
Brooke, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Lindsay.
Oh yes we do.
The way you beat Ray Bork and Ranford too.
Yes!
That's a handy goal.
War of Claw.
We love you, Lindsay.
We love you.
We love you, Doug McClain.
Oh yes we do.
You'll be coach of the year because it's true.
Unbelabeled.
You brought us all this way.
Who knew?
Oh!
Panthers.
We love you.
Oh!
Unbelabeled.
Okay, 1110 at W.O.D.
We just play that all day.
Okay, and then I'll wake up and maybe be back for tomorrow.
So tomorrow night we got our big thing at the Miami Arena.
Seven o'clock, six thirty to eights are going to be open.
I'm wondering, wouldn't it be a lot easier if those of us who are season ticket holders like sitting our regular seats?
Come on now you're smiling but in other words depending on how many people show up it would be, I don't know.
I guess people sit wherever they want to sit and whoever gets their first will go and sit down low, close to the glass and close to the people.
And whatever.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I have no idea what they got in mind.
It'll be great.
Have they got free food of course?
Because fat rich I'm sure ain't going to give up the track if they're in no free food.
I could tell you a story about that fat bastard last night he gets in there.
He gets into somebody else's the rider moving people's box.
What he's doing up there, I have no idea.
Eating all their free food.
One other came he was up there in somebody else's box where he didn't belong.
And going over next door to the heat box like he knows something about the Miami.
He's eating all their free food.
Nice going rich.
Here's the Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What's going on buddy?
I don't know.
Yeah I was just wanting to say thank you.
Open line of dates 7519463 751 W.I.O.D.
And yeah, there you go.
Was that the man that's doing voice?
Sounded kind of like him.
You know, it must have been a bow jangle.
Was that kind of that dull sound you know I'm talking about?
You hear that kind of dude.
Yeah.
The kind of sound that could only come from a dumb jack.
Okay, here's Marcelo on a purple line.
And Marcelo.
Neil, I thought we got rid of you already.
Neil, that guy is a shot head but with an eye.
I thought we got rid of you.
No, Neil, I wanted to call and just to express that the yesterday's loss with the best defeat
I've ever seen for a team that after maybe the first or second game you could see that
their talent wasn't as good as Colorado.
But with yesterday's game and even though it was a sweep.
The game was unbelievable that they just they just put up so much effort with with so little talent
that it was unbelievable.
I would say with so little talent that's that's the meaning of that.
Yeah, but yeah, overmatched I think is the word definitely overmatched.
But when you got the big balls you go out there and it doesn't make any difference.
We were overmatched in the Pittsburgh series.
We were overmatched in the Philadelphia series and we didn't let them make any difference.
Exactly.
This time a little bit too much overmatched and a little bit too much you know you can only you can only you can only you can only drag it.
So long before you finally run out of gas.
Exactly.
And that 30T just expressed you know how much effort they wanted to try to you know have it you know going to a five in series
and maybe come back to to Miami for the sixth game.
And I just wanted to say thank you for turning me on to hockey.
It was a great race and I hope that more than 14,000 people show up there tomorrow.
I'm not going to be unfortunate. I have to get a tell.
But I hope that it's packed and I hope people are pointing out in the streets and you know really celebrating this effort.
And just to say also thank you to the Panthers and to the Beezer and George and Neil everybody you guys are God in the Panthers.
Okay, Martha.
Can you do me a favor Neil?
Oh my god.
Oh Jesus, here we go.
I hope I forgot.
What is it?
Some highlights.
Of what?
Mike Lang.
Mike Lang.
Yeah.
What does Mike Lang got to do with this?
I think he's done with it.
I'm not going to sit here all during the next four months doing a hockey show.
Okay, I know that'll be a big disappointment to remember because he needs the free lunches.
But I'm not going to sit here the next four months until next season.
Do what a hockey show every day.
Okay, we have to get back to talking about the important stuff like whatever it is.
Okay, like our drooling governor who was there last night.
Okay, Martha.
Okay, get out of here.
See you.
Oh man.
Hey, listen, and a rumor has it that Chris Moore did such a great job on QAN that he's right up there with Mike Lang.
Now that's the sputum that they were putting on here yesterday.
So I'm told, oh man.
It wasn't bad enough that Mike had to come to town and read about Bawal Peak Cow Kick and little Rachel's column.
That wasn't a slap in the face enough.
But now Chris Moore who's just a Mike Lang wannabe with all the stupid expressions and trying to scream and yell and have some personality when he don't even really have any.
Now he's writing the same league with Mike Lang.
Right.
And we won last night.
15 to nothing.
Right.
Oh, it's so sad.
This is a term wannabe ever coming to mind.
1114 at WIOD.
If you...
Safe sex in space.
When they're in summer,
www.wiod.com.
Worldwide, baby.
From News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610.
WIOD.
And he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be at penis.
And my biggest problem is that I'm in a fall.
Okay, 1118 at WIOD.
Here's the best facts of the day, which I'm not going to read.
I'm not going to embarrass the guy and understand he's probably got some stuff that he's going to get stuck with.
You know, they's trying to move out real fast.
Who says he's got car flags and jerseys?
Well, that's good.
Have a good time with them, okay, pal?
It's all over, okay?
I'm not going to sit here and be used anymore.
Channel 4, it's all over.
Don't send the poor guy down here again tomorrow because we'll have to have him arrested at the door.
Okay, just keep him out of here.
He's a good guy, but keep him out of here.
Stay away.
Stay the hell away.
Boy, talk about being used.
I feel right now.
I feel like I played in a game.
Like a limp dish rag.
Like a sponge that said every drop of anything and it just drained from it.
But hey, it was a fun being used, wasn't it?
I guess so.
I guess somebody had a lot of fun and profit.
And there are going to be some guys get stuck with some rats.
So what can I tell you?
Maybe, uh, maybe send to the politicians or something.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami, Buenos dias.
Okay, and back at you.
Open line a day, probably somebody waiting to plug his business.
50% off on rats.
7519463 and one on the green line.
18944WYOD.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
And a pantser's played a great game and a great series.
They just, you know, you can't, you can't, you can't do nothing about it.
The bees are playing great, while playing a great game.
Yeah.
It did the best they could, you know?
Yes, I do.
It's always next year.
And Barry Melrose is a butt plug.
Okay.
I'm surprised that he survived.
I'm really shocked.
I got a hand one thing doing that.
He had the balls to sit there in that thing, like kind of right out in the open, you know,
when they put that platform up for the in-between period crap on the facts and he has been.
I got to give it to him because I would have thought he would have gotten slaughtered, uh, doing that.
He got belted by a few rats, but other than that, he came away unscathed, unfortunately.
Yeah, hopefully he won't be calling any games next year.
Yeah, maybe you'll get a coaching job with some stupid team.
Okay, pal.
Thanks, Milly.
Good luck to you.
Bye.
Open on good luck to us.
You have Barry, the fairy man, Barry Melrose, with that to get a haircut.
Well, you're pleased.
He looked like such a jerk on there and you have no idea what you're talking about.
And then, oh, Steve Shapiro, I gotta say there's something good.
Not just because he's on Channel 4 over there, but yesterday he was doing a live thing at 620 from the arena.
And the ESPN people were rehearsing and sitting around and picking their nose.
And he said, oh, yeah, he says there's Barry Melrose over there for me.
ESPN, who are you picking tonight, Barry, and the camera fan over to me.
Looked over like really shot face like a caught off guard.
Like, what are you doing?
Is to be panthered, pat and Shapiro says, yeah, that's because you're sitting here in Miami.
You jackass.
That's what he should have said.
You asshole.
That's what he should have said right there on Channel 4.
But you know the problem.
And my biggest problem is that I'm gonna fall.
No, the problem is Channel 4.
Good little uptight.
Like that t-shirt I held up the other night.
They had it on for like, what a quarter of a second.
It got on here, but real quick.
Colorado sucks.
What's wrong with that?
Yeah, they got a great team, but they still suck.
I know a lot of people may be pretty great, but they suck too.
It's 1121, a double, that maybe what makes them great.
1121, a W-I-O-D.
Use talking entertainment radio.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
There's a painful fact about Neil Rogers.
You should know that's a major cause of stiffness and swelling.
Every week, millions of people around the world tune into Baywatch.
Just to see Pamela Anderson Lee's really big breasts.
Now, Pamela Anderson Lee brings a really big breast to the big screen in a futuristic techno thriller.
So you're a leather-clad bounty hunter out to extract vengeance on the terrorists who killed your boyfriend.
That's right.
Uh-huh. You know you have really big breasts.
I sure do.
Yes, Pamela Anderson Lee has really big breasts.
And now they're bigger than ever in Blue Buyer.
If you're a bounty hunter, how come you don't have a gun?
I don't need a gun.
Why not?
Because I have really big breasts.
And I know how to use them.
Take that.
And that.
And that.
And that.
That.
I fainted with my left breast, followed by a quick jab with my right breast.
And a flurry of right left hooks with both breasts before finishing you off with a quick left breast hooked to the face.
I think you put it out.
Well, my nibbles are registered with the police's deadly weapon.
Pamela Anderson Lee and a really big breast star in Blue Buyer.
Blue Buyer.
Now, Jigglypink, get a theater near you.
Okay, 1125 at W-I-O-D.
Maybe that's what the problem with last night.
We had too many boobs in the arena.
Not here from too many women here this morning, all of a sudden.
You notice all these syrupy women have been called in these last few weeks since we've been so hockey intensive and Panther and playoff intensive.
All these real died in a while.
I mean, they're like, livid and dying.
They're like out there sniffing jockstrap.
And that's just at home in the morning.
But, you know, that one woman called Rick this morning.
I thought she was going to like bust a gut right there.
And, you know, I'm the press.
I feel so bad about what?
What could you possibly be depressed about?
How much more of this insanity could we endure?
Could anybody, I mean, it was phenomenal.
It was great, but, oh, we all need a little bit of coming back down to Earth now, a little relaxation.
How much more could anybody endure?
Another three games?
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Like I said, hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay.
It was an awesome season.
Uh-huh.
No one, like you said, no one would have thought we'd have gotten to the cup.
And, uh, we just did a great job.
And for all those people who jumped on the bandwagon and were jumping off, they can stay off and let the real fans...
Please, please don't, uh, don't darken our door again anytime soon.
Some of these phonies, some of these very tricks.
You know, and it was frustrating because going to the games, we had to pay big bucks.
We went to most of the regular season games.
We should have gotten the season tickets, but it was too late to do that.
And, um, it was tough buying the tickets, paying a lot of money.
And then seeing all these rich, newty people coming in and hearing them sit around and go, oh look, it's, uh, two barns go.
And it's Jason Wolley with the puck.
And then, you know, yeah.
And then...
Well, they look a lot alike.
Yeah, well, I guess.
I don't know, but, you know, it was tough.
And most of them didn't know, uh, what the hell they were talking about.
But, um, I'll be there tomorrow night.
And, uh, cheering them on, it was great.
It was a great run.
And, um, I just wanted to thank you for, for giving us, uh, extra excitement.
And the past few months and turning someone, so many people on.
And, uh, we have something to look forward to next year.
And we're real proud of the guys and, and you're awesome.
Amen.
Okay.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
Open line of Broward 5249463524W by the, uh, all these people, uh, in the media game, who come up with all these different negative angles.
And Michael Mayo, by the way, which I used to think he was a pretty good sports writer.
You know, Dave Heiden, Dave Joseph, our outstanding over there at the Sunsendale.
But, Michael Mayo, I thought was, uh, okay.
I thought.
And it's calm today was okay.
It was kind of like, uh, non-descript, although it's kind of, you know, must have been tough for both papers, uh, the game ended one 15 in the morning.
So they probably had to write, uh, you know, two different articles, one just in case they won and one in case the whatever it was they wrote.
But, uh, over the weekend, the stuff that Michael Mayo wrote about, uh, was all everything was so negative and a lot of it incorrect.
And about the beasur and had one bad purity.
He can blow it out your ass.
You don't know what you're talking about, man.
I'd like somebody to tell me which one of those four goals in the first period of game number two in Colorado was a bad goal.
They lit and please somebody somewhere on the face of the year tell me which one he could have possibly stopped even playing the way he did last night.
I can't still imagine him stopping any of those four.
But hey, you know, we got a lot of experts in this town.
And like I said, if just Tim Horton would have shown up just just before they scored that winning goal before you, we cropped.
Well, in fact, if it would have been Tim Horton shooting it the other way.
Here's Boka, you know, Tim, somebody else to get the donuts and the bagels ready for you just, you know, gotten on that plane, Tim.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, talking to a first time caller and a seasoned ticket holder.
All right.
And I've never called your show before.
Obviously, I just said that.
But I do say that.
I do appreciate all the support you give in the team this year.
I don't usually listen to the program for personal reasons, but nonetheless.
Personal reasons.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's a little too abrasive from my.
Okay. Well, it's, I understand it. I'm pretty obnoxious.
But I do sit in the two sections away from you.
And I talked to a lot of people that are sitting close by.
And we do appreciate all the support that you did give the team throughout the season.
Now, do they also find me abrasive?
And I'm not just interested in some of them.
Listen.
No, some of them listen.
Okay.
Yeah. But you know, between that and tuning in every once in a while.
Yeah, that's okay just to see.
Because some days I'm not quite as abrasive or obnoxious.
And I'm interested, you know, it all depends on the lay of the land and what you have to do to get some response here, you know.
Yeah, oh, that's true. I understand.
But as I said, I do appreciate all the support you give in the team.
One thing I did of semi last night was, you know, hoping that these rats never show their face the next season.
Because at one point when we were really pressing the issue and they thought it was a goal.
44 seconds left in a game and these idiots are heaving rats on the ice to the point where they got to stop the play.
The ice is littered with rats.
I thought we were going to get something going.
They take the face off outside the blue line and that's like it was like somebody sticking a pin in a balloon and see the air getting lit out.
Yeah, I was we had them on the run.
We had them on the run.
Yeah.
But listen, thanks again for all the support and I'll keep listening and take care of yourself.
Okay, pal. See you.
Two open lines, both on the green lines up there in Palm Beach where I guess I am found to be extraordinarily abrasive up there.
And I do understand they tend to be a little bit more gentile or is that Gentile up in Palm Beach?
A lot of Gentiles up there.
1-800-944-9463.
Are we getting any more info?
I mean, I don't know that we need any more info about tomorrow night.
I'll say it again.
I want to keep plugging this because I want to make sure we got a gigantic crowd there tomorrow night.
The postseason celebration and I wonder if Mad Dog is going to be there because he already said that athletes would rather hug a rattlesnake than be at some kind of a celebratory thing for being to run it up.
I don't understand that.
See, because even the first season when we missed the playoffs by a point, I'll never forget that last home game of the season.
And as I recall, the same thing happened again last year.
But last home game of the season when the players stood around and after the game, after the last home game,
and we had missed the playoffs, I think it was against Quebec as a matter of fact, which is now the Colorado Avalanche Stanley Cup champions.
But anyway, it was a pretty poor performance on our part, but nevertheless the real fans, those of us who were there, stuck around.
And the players threw up all kinds of t-shirts and hockey sticks and pucks and everything they could get their hands on.
And went around a rink and shook hands with a fan just had a great time.
It was the beginning of a love fest between the real fans and the players and the coaches on his team, even though some of them have changed the course.
But it was a great moment.
And what tell us wrong with that? And people aren't going to go out there with the attitude of, well, you guys lost.
Your runner's up. You only got the Prince of Wales cup over there and not the...
How anybody could come on the air? I mean, this station does stand for nothing when we can put a Boza on the air who would come on here Sunday and go through that whole diet tribe.
I guess, you know, you got to kind of rattle everybody up. I know what that's all about.
But is it really that desperate that you can't have an intelligent conversation? I guess when you don't know much about what's going on, you can't.
So you have to start with some absurd point like that and say, well, they don't want to be involved in anything like that because being losers is a meadie-adie-adie-adie-adie-adie-adie-adie.
Yeah, take your three rings, mad dog, and stick them up your ass.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
How you doing? I'm doing good.
How did you see the game last night?
Did I see the game? I suppose everybody was up watching the game.
I was at the game, sir.
I was an awesome game. Yeah.
Panthers went out with pride. Right.
I thought that was very classy of the crowd chanting beazer after he let the colon. Right.
And, well, I guess I got nothing else to say.
I hope we have a good season next season. It'll be better.
It'll be a better team. I don't know if we're going to have as much success.
The best team in the league. I think there's nobody better than them.
You're right. And I guarantee you.
And I guarantee you. And keep up. But they did give a great effort, man.
Amen. Okay, guys. Okay, me.
Bye-bye. Adios.
When I was starting to say, and we talked to Brian Murray yesterday,
this guy is one of the sharpest in the business.
He did a great job and to try it.
And he's going to do it this.
He's already done miracles here.
And you know, just like he said, we need a couple of more guys who can stick the puck in the net.
You can't score four goals in four games like we did in this final series
and expect to win any of them.
And we didn't.
Even with these years play last night.
You know, although I guess we could have scored five and that would have done it for last night.
But you just, you got to score more than that.
Amazingly, in a Pittsburgh series big game.
Keep in mind, Pittsburgh's got a pretty poorest defense.
And it's a different story.
But in that series, in our wins and three of the wins, we scored five, five, and four.
And then in the last game, we beat him three to one.
So we were scoring a few goals in that series.
But generally speaking, our biggest problem has been anemic offense.
And we need a couple of good goal scores.
And there may be one more good solid defenseman.
And then keep in mind also that the maturity that allowed these kids are going to have.
Jovan Aski, who is now already a superstar, boarded that,
could play another phenomenal game last night.
Did was he throwing a body around or what?
He was incredible last night.
Superstar already.
And the Vorex is going to be phenomenal.
And Strock is going to butcher up a little bit, put on some weight, work out over the summer.
And hopefully be a little bit stronger and be able to play center offensively and defensively.
Offensively, he was real dangerous again last night.
But he's got to butcher up his defensive work a little bit.
And the need of my recourse, Rita, he also had a great game last night.
Made a tremendous move, nearly into the game.
Made a phenomenal move all alone, winning on Patrick the Frog,
and just couldn't stick it underneath him.
I got, you know, Patrick Frog. I hate him.
It's very difficult for me to be objective.
He was with Montreal Canadians all those years.
And I hate him like poison.
But boy, last night again, here's the guy, you know, that expression of money player.
When he chips around the line, these guys show up and he did again.
That damn frog.
It's 1135 at WIOD.
I've seen some dolphins talk fool you.
It's still 610 WIOD.
It's still the home of the dolphins.
And when the ice melts, we'll bring you up to speed on all of JJ's doing.
Soon, the dolphins on radio.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
My vagina really gets my panties and a wipe.
This Father's Day let him know how you truly feel.
Dear Dad, you taught me to be brave, and you taught me to be strong.
And now on this very special Father's Day, I just like to ask you one more question.
Where in the hell is my job, a poor baby?
Yes, this Father's Day let him know how you truly feel with a deadbeat dad card
from precious greetings.
Get yours today.
21 till noon at WIOD.
Wayne Arnold's coming with some food force later which should save the buns of course.
He don't even put the buns on a stuff for us because he knows some of us are on the
for me that is.
Yeah, you're going to be just pouring it down then you'll be out sick again tomorrow and Friday
in a few days after that.
So anyway, we got the big party coming up at the arena tomorrow night.
And those who are sourpuses and those of the people who were throwing the extra rats last night,
we'd like you to show up and we're going to beat the living crap out of you.
That's right.
We got a but we got ten big guys that Tony of the nose just brought in from Chicago and
we're going to take care of those guys that were throwing the excess rats on her last night at the
wrong time.
Please show up.
Here's the lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
You know, since you were at the game, you probably don't know what a lousy job the SPN did broadcasting
it.
Well, why should they want to change now?
I could not believe it.
And you know, here we were in what the second period of overtime and they kept shrinking the
screen to advertise that, you know, the 20 minutes don't give us an update and putting baseball
scores across and everything.
How the hell with that?
Who needed that?
The kids.
They were disgusting.
One dimensional, you know, sometimes, not only that, but there's another way to do that.
You can put the crawl on your real small at the bottom if you really have any appreciation of being able,
but they just don't understand.
They do not understand.
Right.
And they had a newspaper from Denver that they had already printed.
How they got it in Miami, I don't know, but they showed it where they had already printed it that Denver had won.
Yeah, but they have the newspaper ready.
But they always do that.
They always have it like a dummy ready just to.
Okay, but they didn't show Miami just Denver's.
They were so one sided during the whole thing, it was incredible.
The only time they showed the panthers was when they were miserable or the coach was mad or, you know, they kept
emphasizing and showing the other team.
Well, they hate us and we don't give a crap.
We hate them just as much, especially in Denver and Elrose.
I don't think ASPAM was good, but they were the pets.
Thank God for my satellite dish.
Really?
I wish I hadn't fallen.
I bet.
But also, really, those people that threw those rats, really, they ought to be just castrated.
If I could tell you how angry the rest of us were when that stuff was going on, I mean, everybody was looking up in that general area just trying desperately to see and find out who it was that was doing it.
And I guarantee you, they would have been on the ice next.
They would have come tumbling down whether they liked it or not.
Really.
They were obviously on the bandwagon, not true fans.
That's right.
We got through the whole season without any of that crap.
And now, all of a sudden, we get a bunch of rowdy drunken morons who just come and think they were some kind of an orgy or something.
I know.
And just like the people are looking at me this morning because I'm driving around with my flag still.
And they're looking at me like, what the fuck do you lady they lost?
Well, they're still good team and they were really good.
Yeah, I saw some flag people there.
There's nothing wrong with that.
We got nothing to be ashamed of.
It was a phenomenal success.
Right.
Because they didn't win the cup.
They're no good now.
That shows that, you know, those are the ones that...
Those are the ones that are sleeping with mandates, right?
Right.
Okay, sweetheart.
Well, everybody needs to tell you a thing.
Then on it, man.
As much as I hate Channel 7 with their little flashing lights, it's still better than the S10.
Okay.
All right.
Have a great one.
Open line and Broward, 5249463524WID.
It's amazing how difficult people can take something that's relatively easy.
I mean, there's a lot of technology.
I'm not saying it's easy in the strictest sense of the word, but generally speaking, once you've
done it a few times and for a few seasons, it's not really all that tough to televised a hockey game.
But, boy, between ESPN and Fox, they sure have come up with all kinds of novel and unique ways to screw it up for everybody, especially ESPN with that obsession they got with that end zone kind of view from behind the net
where you can't see anything and you have no perspective on it.
It's just why you can talk about it.
I get dizzy just thinking about it.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Neil, what's up, guys?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Let me tell you something.
A section over for me.
I went up or down.
First team I'm in all year.
Guy next to me, when you're throwing the rats on the ice with 44 seconds.
Right.
Old man comes to pointing fingers that cops have to refrain them because they wanted the guy wanted to kill the guy and the lower section throwing the rats.
It was unbelievable.
Police were there and everything.
It was unreal.
Did they get who it was?
Well, they were all pointing and then the cops with the walkie talkies went up and dragged one of the people that threw the rats out.
All right.
So, the arena or whatever.
Good.
I hope they took pictures photo ID.
I hope the shoe size.
I hope they never let the asshole in or again.
We like this.
The first game I've been to all year.
And I thought I'd call you.
It's just tell you, you know, I listen to you show all the time.
Guy me in the hockey.
Love to play off.
It was unbelievable.
And I totally am a hockey fan now.
I'm the only one who has everyone hates because you know, I finally get to a game.
All the people all year that have season tickets or we're going to season games, you know, take games all year or whatever.
But it's unbelievable.
And the one thing with the rats.
I mean, I loved it but I mean that's crazy with that.
At the end of the game it's on rats on the ice.
Yeah, it's all over now.
All right.
Now I'll take it easy.
Okay. Thanks.
All right.
Next person by the way that now tomorrow night, get all the rats out of your system because it's just a party.
It's just for fun.
You're ain't going to be no game.
And yeah, probably some people show up tomorrow night and say what time's the game start?
But get it out of your system because next season anybody throws one single rat out there will be shot on sight.
No questions asked, including Marty Heisenga.
Poor Marty.
She's got to be psychotic now because that's got to be one of her favorite parts of the whole thing.
And she's going to have to leave her sack home and the rats too.
Love him 45 at WIOD.
Use talk at entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Paulin.
Kid.
Hut.
Part.
Part.
Go live.
Go live.
Go live.
Right.
Combat training's lots of fun.
Combat training's lots of fun.
Grab my trigger and shoot my gun.
Grab it, trigger and shoot it's gone.
I like marching in full gear.
He likes marching in full gear.
I like bringing up the rear.
He likes bringing up the rear.
Here's the fence I got a scale.
There's a fence he's got a scale.
Oh my god, I've broken it.
Oh my god, he's broken it.
Am I right or wrong?
You're right.
Am I right or wrong?
He's right.
And all one, two,
And all three, four.
And all now.
One, two, three, four, one, two.
Three, four.
Marching proud and marching on.
Marching proud and marching on.
We won't wear no pink chiffon.
We won't wear no pink chiffon.
Army life is all I need.
Army life is all I need.
Well, lose the green and give me sweet.
Love the green and give you sweet.
Captain made me dig a ditch.
Captain made him dig a ditch.
Drill sergeant is such a bitch.
Drill sergeant is such a bitch.
Corporals make my short hair's curl.
Private spake my flag on furl.
Private spake on furl.
Private spake on furl.
Am I right or wrong?
You're right.
Am I right or wrong?
He's right.
And all one, two,
And all three, four.
Bring it on down.
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four.
1148 and W.I.D.,
by the way, Scott Weinstein also known as Mr. Rat there.
The arena is very upset with Steve Ornale.
He wants Steve to know, in case Steve might be listening
this morning, that it was not me in the right outfit
during the Ruins series or any other series, okay?
And he says the proof is that that thing he's dragging around
behind him more in front of him more wherever it is.
It's a lot bigger than anything Oliver be dragging.
And, boy Scott, there's a fan for you.
Go through all that makeup.
I wonder how many hours it takes him to go through that whole thing
and put all that makeup on and then that rat costume.
And then sit there five hours and 15 minutes or whatever
the game was last night, schwitzing his brains out.
What a guy.
Either what a guy or a crazier than a bed bug.
Here's Pigbury Port in Weston.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Well, I'm emotionally drained out on all about you.
Yes.
What a game.
I think at home it's all about quarter to three this morning.
Quarter to three.
Yeah.
Probably hung out.
Yeah, okay.
I have to agree with that.
I have to agree with that.
I'll be that call.
What more can these networks do to screw up our viewing pleasure?
You know, ESPN with a stupid junk around like there's seconds left to go.
Probably the most exciting game all season.
And we want to see baseball scores.
Oh nice.
Beauty.
Yeah.
Anyway, the double stupid pig report, I mean we got to get back to the regular business ahead, right?
Right.
In Weston, I'm trying to get down here to Miami to come to work.
At the intersection of Weston Road and the Arvita Parkway, I know you know the intersection.
The light is out.
It's red in all directions.
So folks are kind of directing themselves through.
Nice.
The B.
I like going back to Hurricane days again.
Basically, but everything stuck red in every direction.
Great.
One B.S.O. strives to the intersection.
Just drove through.
Didn't even look back.
Yeah.
Nice.
Beautiful.
Maybe Tim Horton's got the special red light on the donuts now.
Stay all of us.
So he goes through a couple of people go through a lady in a gold corolla.
She's got a double Q in her license plate.
I hope somebody here is this compass to call Randy and the guys down at the ticket defense team.
800-741 team because a broward pig came up right behind her and wrote her a ticket.
All right.
Beautiful job.
Nice.
His license plate is 111-30.
So thank you, Mr. 111-30 from the B.S.O.'s office.
You are a major asshole.
Oh!
All right.
Now the other one, the last one, they're doing it again on 75.
If you're southbound on 75 just before the Palm Metro Expressway, watch out.
They're just out today, man.
No, no.
Do you mean they're out there, the cut-in police that are watching for people that are cutting into the lane?
I don't know about the cut-in.
They're doing the speeding trick.
Because every morning at the intersection of I-75 and the Palm Metro, they've got two sometimes three FHP holes over there.
And the only thing that they do is right tickets to people who are coming in the middle lane and then cutting into the line because there's always a long line of traffic going that spot.
Well, what's the big deal with that?
I mean, if you put your direction on and you can get into line, what's wrong with that?
Is that against the law?
Exactly.
No, I let people in front of me all the time.
Right.
If you want to get there, terrific.
You know, I give myself plenty of time to get to work.
I don't understand why that is.
It's like shooting a fish in a barrel, man.
They just stand there every single day.
And the best part about that deal is you can be in the left lane going straight ahead through the gratiny, you know, which I come in every day.
You could be going 150 in that lane.
They won't even look at you.
No.
That's not important.
Right.
The priorities of the police in this town are really screwed up.
And the public just hits back and they lap it up.
They love it.
Yeah.
And thanks again for a great hockey season.
And thanks for the shirt yesterday.
And that gold panthers go when the season gets cranked up.
And slow down.
Yes, sir.
See you.
Yeah, you see, I was thinking about this.
I can't remember what it was.
Oh, look at that.
Boy, the cable just went out.
The FPNL is flickering and doing it right here.
Look at that.
Unbelievable.
What was that?
Yeah, it must have been he works in mysterious ways.
That's what I'm told when all those people died in the plane crash and he didn't hear their prayers.
I love that caller that called Rick this morning on here.
I don't want to get it because I know Rick's kid is, you know, in the hospital and going through a really tough time,
but he's going to be okay.
But said something about prayer really works.
When I heard that, I just wanted to get done on my hands and knees.
I mean, it's so demeaning.
I mean, there are people who like get cancer or whatever they get and die horrendous diseases and horrible deaths.
And they pray their brains out.
And for some strange reason, he is not up there listening.
He's too busy.
He's too busy talking to Pat Day about what mount he's going to have next year in the Derby so he can make sure Pat Day wins it.
I mean, the stuff the cockat at people talk, it's just pathetic.
Pathetic.
But the power of prayer, baby, make no mistake about it.
And when those people, when fire broke out on that plane,
and now how many canistered they say they have like four million of those oxygen can,
and they didn't have the protective caps on there either.
So not only was it on there illegally, which it shouldn't have been there at all,
but it also didn't even have the protective caps that are supposed to be on the canisters.
And there were just kind of piled up on you.
Right, exactly.
It's only like 50,000 degrees in that particular spot.
So what are you worried about?
And there's still our people flying on value jet.
And like I've said before, if your life has no value, that's the perfect airline for you.
But the rates are good.
Okay, let's go to a lady in Margate.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
And on the lady who yelled at Phil about losing the game that night,
I don't know whether you heard it, but they played it yet today.
I was so disturbed at what he was telling this other lady.
About losing the game?
Yes, about losing the game.
I think on Monday or...
Oh, when he was implying that the game was fixed and that they were going to be losing there.
Yes, that's the, yes.
Yeah, that was pretty weak.
And pretty weak, Phil.
I called him up and I let him have it.
And I just...
Well, you know, Phil did a great job of separating us from the doffin.
So maybe now he's trying to do the same thing with the Panthers.
Yeah.
Make sure the Panthers are never on WIOD by alienating and suggesting fixing of games.
But hey, by now they should be on a WIZ Act.
All right, so I said to him, did you call Neil Rodgers?
Yeah.
You call him up and back.
Uh-huh.
And he said...
I heard he is today.
Oh, you're right.
Yeah.
Well, it was me.
That's how much I love you and I was trying to get you off the hook so to speak.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Happy forum.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-904-49463-1800-944-WIOD.
Yeah.
You know, all those people at one point were saying, gee, you know, this hockey talk is getting
pretty boring and pretty ponderous and what are you going to come up with something else?
If we wouldn't have had this tremendous run that the Panthers just had these past two months,
what would have been going on here other than the plane crash and Steve Clark just died?
But other than that, I mean, what...
Oh, we had the Goomba Festival on Sunday.
Not the Goomba Bay.
We had the Goomba Festival.
That's right.
All the boys were in town.
And that's what we ought to have.
Let's get rid of it.
I don't want to sound ethnic or anything here.
Let's get rid of the Goomba Bay Festival.
And let's get the Goomba Festival in here.
Then we'll get some things done in this town.
Then we can open up a casino on every street corner.
We can have a good race and real money in this place and have a good time.
But we don't want to do that.
Oh, I forgot.
That was the problem.
We were having too much of a good time the last couple of months.
That's why some people are very pissed off.
Okay, here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God.
What a game.
What a mono-amano between that dredged frog, which every time I see a more doing that little
rooster routine that he does with his head just makes me want to pee more.
But the beavers are amazing.
Oh, well, that's a man.
He's incredible.
He is God.
He is God.
Thank you very much, Neil, for a great season.
Yesterday my wife and I sat there and when all those losers went through rats on the ice, we said,
if it wasn't over before, now they just killed it.
They buried it.
He put a stake right in the heart of it.
Yeah.
And that just ended it.
But it was fun while it lasted, Neil, and thank you.
And I'm counting on my fingers, my toes, and everywhere else.
I can count the days until it starts again.
Man.
Well, I need a little breather right now.
I don't know about anybody else out there.
I could use a little breather because I'm very hockey intensive.
All season long from October right on through June now.
It ends middle of June.
And after eight months of this, I need my nerves are a little bit on, you know, afraid, a little bit on edge.
I need just a little bit of a breather.
Oh, yeah.
I thought my wife was going to eat her fingers yesterday.
She jumped to the point she said, OK, this is worse than the movie.
Get the stake in my heart and get it over with.
Thank God for those panthered towels we had at the game again last night because I was chewing that thing.
I just, to a nub.
I'm sure.
And the towel too.
Oh, most definitely.
Neil, again, thanks a lot.
You've been great.
And you and the panthers are God.
Amen.
OK, pal.
See you.
I'm not going to argue with anybody who says that.
We have an open line at day 751WYOD.
We got one on a green line, 1-800-944WYOD.
And we're just rolling along singing our song.
Kind of wrapping up with it's been a phenomenal ride.
It's been sensational, spectacular.
Anybody that wants to pee on our parade.
Well, that's for you.
We don't give a damn.
We're not interested in people like that and subhuman who have no concept, no class, no taste, who are like one-dimensional idiots.
And you don't want to expand their horizons a little bit, which is fine, Hank.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to say one thing.
Who in the hell can put down the panthers after three years getting where they did?
What in the hell have they done for themselves in the last three years?
Where they still at?
The same God damn place.
At least we made the cup.
They couldn't even get nowhere.
Same day to end situation they were at before.
Yeah, more of the Rangers and the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Flyers were all those guys doing this last week.
They were sitting on the right watching on TV.
That's right.
They were rooting for us more than likely.
Probably.
You know, they're real.
Not like half of these other assholes in town.
Yeah.
Now nobody wants to go down.
I guarantee you you won't see another mediates tomorrow night.
And I hope not too.
I agree with you because I know it could be anything.
We could have 5,000 people there.
We could have 30,000 people show up, try to get in there.
They're only going to lift the first 14,000 in.
So I have no idea.
But I'm sure I'm with you.
I don't want any of these phonies, any of these plastic people, any of these jackasses who know nothing about it.
They just tried to grab onto a good thing because they figured it was a good thing to do.
But even all these reporters, how can they put down the panthers?
It's only three years.
There's hockey teams that have been out there for over 50 years.
And they still ain't even got to Stanley Cup.
Yeah.
You know, who in their hell are these people?
What are they doing with their life?
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
I'm with you, pal.
All right. Bye-bye.
Okay.
Over 50 years they haven't gotten there yet.
Well, I guess if they haven't done it in 50 years, they're not going to well.
That's true.
Let's see, Detroit 55.
And here it is.
It's 41 years later.
So he's pretty damn close to the truth.
41 years and they haven't won the Cup.
Chicago 61.
And of course, Toronto Maple Leafs.
Oh, I guess right of time.
So we don't have time to talk about that.
The first choice of windshield washers under I-95.
W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talking entertainment radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
