This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Butt string.
You make my swing.
You show everything newty.
Butt string.
Butt string.
Butt string.
I think I love you.
I got a no for sure.
Come on. Let me pull you tight.
I think I'll goose you.
Butt string.
Let me see your left swing.
Be my play thing.
Butt string.
Butt string.
Oh
But the the
Should land the boys gonna have some fun. Oh
Gonna move the ball on every one
We love you panthers. Oh yes, we do
We're passing jets don't stand a chance
Gaston, oh, we'll never do a single factance
The way you skate and score and follow through
Gonna shut you down to a big zero
Go
You don't miss go fish go
You'll have your Stanley Cup. It's true
Go you don't miss
Go all panthers we love you
Go you don't miss
Go go you don't miss
We love you Melanie you're where it's at
Go go you don't miss
We'll make this season here of the red
Go go you don't miss
Go are my very favorite cats
Oh
Scott now and be aware it's at
Go you don't miss
Okay, so anybody watch that keep last night or what? Okay, it's 1009 at W.I.O.D
This kid didn't and I read in the paper this morning and it sounds like the same old stuff again. I don't get it
I mean in one of game 2417, but I'm reading I'm looking at the stats here 62 yards net rushing and the articles are going on in glowing terms about how great
It's a great thing to think of and to think of the awesome thing or being spice looked in a running game finally got going and it was great
There 62 yards net rushing what do the Vikings have?
The Vikings had like what 285 the Vikings had 96 yard 98
Almost a hundred in the slop and then there's another thing and hear about JB Brown
I give him a chance again JB Brown burn once again give it up a 31 yard touchdown pass burned badly and again the dolphins should have won easily
the reason I did that at the beginning is because I got to be honest with you. We got that exhibition game coming up Canada and the US World Cup hockey tomorrow night on every prime network.
Everywhere in the world 730 and then they're going to show it again at 10 30 and some of the other stations.
Why I you know I hate to say this and I'm going to the Dolphin regular season games this year. We got the tickets me and the fat man on the 50 R line.
But I just don't know I just don't know if I can get and maybe I'm you know one of a very small select hockey fanatics all over.
I've been a hockey fan for many many years. But after the excitement we had this past spring and almost into the summertime and to start with a football again.
I maybe I'm just not ready for it. Maybe because it's 98 degrees in the shade out there. I'm not ready for it. But we'll find out we'll find out about all the big Dolphin fans out there.
They're psyched. What do they have? Did they have 50,000 last night? Did they have 50 another thing that amazes me is you look and you look and you look in the box score here in the stats.
And it's got ordinarily where you would find the attendance in our in our games. It's never in here. Maybe it's someplace else where they're hiding it.
What was the attendance last night? Anybody know 55 51 people 51,000? Is it anywhere in here? We'll find out. Like I said, maybe we'll find out. Maybe we won't.
So 11 after 10 at W. I. O. D.
You think that it would be eating if I didn't do anything as far as any further than the tying up the clamp.
This thing like that. Fashion phones 8 PM till midnight on news talk and entertainment radio.
610 W. I. O. D. 10 14 at W. I. O. D. And I can see it tremendous. We had 55,938, which is pretty damn good for an exhibition this game.
Their last night in crappy weather. Almost 56,000 and they got 60,000 season ticket sold thanks to J. J. Of course.
And thanks to the fact that she will have they finally got the brain stem out and looks like they're going to do about 61,000 season tickets.
They said. But you think maybe the expectations are a little bit like unrealistic perhaps because I'm looking at the article.
I'm reading everything I can about this game. And it sounds to me like again, lack of past rush, no real running game.
Karim Abdul Jabbar. What do you do? 11? No carries 26 yards. Pretty weak, pretty stink and weak and a suspect secondary.
Sounds like the same old stuff. So if everybody's patient, if everybody says, OK, we got a year, maybe two years.
We're going to give this guy a chance, but no one is down. We're going to do that. Here's the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing?
OK, were you there? Well, as a matter of fact, I think if they couldn't make it. OK, but I heard from a friend of mine the any idea of any kind of run game last night because of the condition of that field was just forget it.
Yeah. We that's right. They still got the mountain all the baseball crap. There was a quagmire. I guess it was terrible the way I hear it.
And I was listening to it on your coverage and it was excellent coverage. The bottom line was just forget it. It's just not going to happen until they get over that baseball thing, which in my opinion, the way to time. It's just not going to happen. Yeah.
That's about it. Thanks. Have a great day. Thanks for the memories. OK, 7519-463. So the field was a quagmire again, which takes us back a couple of years to that first game when the
man did to was doing the game and somebody walked into the booth and said, Hey, Jack, ask your F and facts straight before you go on here. Anybody remember that? I can't remember what his name was, but I do remember that ball spot. 7519-463 and day 524 W. I.
Now, Dean Broward, 189-449-463 on the green lines. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I want you to the game last night and I was impressed with the Miami defensive line. I think, you know, in a few weeks, you know, maybe a month or so into the season, they're going to be the strongest point of the team. They need more help on the offensive line, opening holes for the running backs. And then late in the game, the cream Abdul Jabbar rookie. He seemed to at least start, you know, getting in the way.
And they're getting some work. And so he may come along. He may come along overall. I was coming. He may not. Yeah, I was impressed with the toughness of the team off. And can I make one little sidebar? No, let's see. Did this kid. What else is the name? Who did the kicking off in the field was last night? Well, Stoyol missed one hit the up bar. Nice. And then the other guy. See a story. Yeah. Well, you know, so the other guy that's challenging. He was supposed to have a stronger leg and he was doing kickoff. Yeah. And he didn't get any into the end zone. They're all.
Like down to the 10 and 5. That's his big claim to famous that he's got a stronger look on the kickoff. And that's why Stoyol's on a block. Yeah, but he didn't kick him deep last night. Yeah, although he did make a feel.
The income. I mean, the challenger. Yeah, whose name is. Oh God. His name is. Well, I'm looking. I haven't got any idea what his name is. Somebody. Well, it's he's doing it. It's let's he's done. It's got no field rules last night. He missed one hit the up bar. And that was it. Yeah.
And then you got one. Okay. Yeah. By the time I would find the dolphin feel goal here would be like the end of the show already. Yeah. Also one little side. Oh, Nettini. That's a kid's name. Nettini. Yeah. One little side bar. Yeah.
To me, don't you think Colin Powell at the Republican Convention acted like the biggest Uncle Town Uncle Tom to come down the pike? Meaning what? He was giving a democratic speech at a Republican convention. All he did was not look those boots.
So how does that make him an uncle Tom? He was out of place. Why was he out of place? In other words, he he fancies himself or republican. First of all, I didn't watch a total of 20 minutes of the whole convention. Number one. Number two, I saw about two or three minutes of his speech, which everybody's saying, Oh, gee, that was the great speech of the convention. To me, he seemed like a very wooden speaker, not quite in the category of Al Gore, but he seemed like a really poor speaker. And I didn't he didn't do anything to turn my lamp on. I'll tell you that. Well, he seems to fit in with the clearance.
And it seems to me any minority that joins the Republican party. Well, from that standpoint, it's like the log cabin fags. It's the same thing. I mean, you're a bunch of fags with the death wish. I agree with you. I don't understand. It's like it's like the Jews for Jesus thing. You know, I don't it makes no sense to me. Yeah. Anyway, but always a pleasure. Try to finger him out, man. Have a great day. Bye. Okay. We have an open line in day. 751. One in brown. Five two four. One on the green line. 47 on a shirt. True lines. Here's a mobile in pop and oh, hello. Hey, Neil.
Hi, Sarah. Great. What do you want to know about the game last night? How was it? It was. I just I'm sorry. I just can't get interested in exhibition football. I just can't get into it. Well, it was it was not typical money. I pulled off it as soon as she started singing the national anthem. Yeah, that was the first down poor. Then it got worse from there. And then it got worse. Yeah, and then about five minutes to go in the second quarter. Here comes again. And then we all left early because it really started born with like five minutes.
Yeah, that makes sense. That was terrible. And I think we're going to say bye bye to JB Brown. I hope she's a one of I don't understand this guy. Just don't get it. And I heard them. I heard them sucking up to a Drew Rosenhouse on the pregame last night, which made me want to vomit. I don't understand what that would they would do.
I just look at him all over his body. He must have had a towel off after that interview. And then they were going out about what a classy guy, JB is now he was crushed when he was made second string. And I mean, I don't get it. What is this guy got pictures or something? He must have pictures of Jimmy Johnson and trade something this guy.
And we think bye bye. Pete. So you know, it's too evidently, huh? I think so. It looks like they're going to keep an ending. Yeah, they kept drilling JJ after the game, but I don't think he's gone. Okay. So have a good day. We're sweeping a clean man. You got it. I want to keep in mind. What's the Marlins leave any year or two? Then we won't have to worry about that quagmire anymore.
That stupid might hitle be gone forever. There you go. That'll be great. Have a great day. Pal, see you. Open line of day 751 2 and Broward 5249 463. Let's start talking Super Bowl. Why the hell not? You know, we do it every year in this town. Why not start doing it this year? Let's put the pressure on. Let's tighten the screws, baby. 1021 at W I O D. News talk entertainment radio. 16 W I O D.
I'm on it. Lay down on my car. New this fall on NBC. Some off. How's supper? Oh, it's pretty good. Jeffrey Derr. But that makes just a little hot. Well, I want to push your limbs aside. Eat your veggies. Yes, it's one cut up after another. Jeffrey Derr, we're out of head and shoulders. That is more than the freezer. Yes, it's the family that has Milwaukee up and on. It's not my same.
Yes, you'll die. All right. It's the Dumber family this fall on NBC. 1025 at W I O D. So Tracy Neely sends me a box of crap that we might give away today. Anybody want some crap? I guess he's trying to keep pace with that. Whoever that other bonehead was. It sent us all those garbage CDs the other day. Thank you, Tracy. But but there's some pretty weak stuff in here. But you missed all the good stuff. George is like three kiss CDs in here and there's the cranberries are there.
Huh? I already have those. Oh, well, that's all he was looking forward to see what he wanted. Of course there was anything good in here. But what he wanted as usual. Oh my God. And you missed a really good stuff. What is wrong with you? Well, you grabbed it away from me live at Red Rocks. I'll give you one guess. Tinkling on the piano. Scored, scored. Very man. What worse? Billy Joel. I'll give you a clue. The Olympics.
On NBC. Oh, yeah, Tash John took. Oh my God. I'm embarrassed. I'm holding this. I have the CD in my hand right now. And I'm humiliated and embarrassed by it. And they showed a thing the other day on the news about him at a concert. They must have 70 million people. What is that all about? What is the story with this guy? What is the deal with him? What is the attraction? He must be one of the greatest penis pianists in the history of the world.
I've never even played a piano but just threatened to keep playing it. Unbelievable. So we got a whole box of crap here. We'll give this stuff away. Also we got a pair. Hey, listen, what might as well. You know what I'm saying? It's those days. It's really those days. Trust me, especially this one. Here's a blues traveler. Here's a pair of tickets to the blues traveler concert at the Corskiantheter Sunday September 1st. So anybody in this audience that knows blues a traveler. More power to you. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Nedley's first kickoff went right through the end zone. Of course there was a win that must have been about 40 miles an hour. Yeah. But he looked good and Johnson played the first team offense and defense for the first three periods. Marino was in there. Joe Rose was in there. Joe Rose was somewhere under there. I thought you said the first team. Yeah. Marino was in there through the third period. Yeah. The board announced 54,000. Is that what you're saying?
Something as we attend. No, that's close enough. You were there. You watched them. You satellite. No, I was there. I was there until about five minutes to the end. Yeah. So you're braved it out. Well, I was lucky. I have covered. So I didn't get wet. Like I said, nice going. Okay, pal. Thanks. Here's a blues traveler. Look at this live from the fall. We got all kinds of crap. We got sting mercury falling. Oh, I think last time she sent us one of those. Nobody wanted to
damn thing. Here's kiss. You wanted the best. You got the best. I got three of those. Let's give away a bunch of stuff. Let's have a little party on a radio. And they not a river. My doctor's birthday, which was yesterday. There's plenty of good crap in here. Here's Brian Adams, 18 to lie. Die. Oh, there's all kind. Like I said, Tracy, nice going, sweetheart. Here's a paparote and friends together for the children of Bosnia. Now we're talking. All right. For all you soons out there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to watch that out of Washington on the satellite. Yes, sir. I'll tell you, um, uh, coach Shooter came on and doing the third period for the booth and talking about his plans. And one of these he tried to plug through with direct TV. I just wasn't conscious. Yeah, he had it directly. He showed on. He was plugging away. Yeah, that's his new deal now. That's his new deal. Yeah. And the three clouds in the booth, which just, you know, making him a guard. Yeah, they were just looking to look at all over his body. Now it's interesting. Remember last year,
because you have the big dish, right? Right. So last year he was peddling the NFL package. Remember that exactly. Yeah. He and Steve Sable were like on air like every five seconds for like hours before the games would start before the pregame show every Sunday. Plug in the TV packets. Now he's out there. Horn the DSS direct TV. Nice going done. Anyway, I just wasn't conscious. Yeah. What I saw in the TV and as far as the commentators, you know, I can say spicy and look bad. Maybe brown. This is great.
He went to help. Yeah, he went to find out to argue with Jimmy Johnson. Or maybe Jimmy just turned his head away on him. He went to argue with Jimmy. Yeah. Oh, he's out. Nice. That's good news. After that play when he blew it and Johnson just sort of turned around and walked away from him. Good. Nice. Go. Jimmy. He might not be around. Tell you one thing. Jimmy. I could have put up with any of this crap. But they need these crybabies. No, no. And these guys that have been living on reputation here for years like Jamie Brown. He's not going to be impressed by that crap. In other words, show me what you got. And if it isn't big enough, fuck it out of here.
Okay, you're breaking up. Your phone is crap it out. Thanks for the good news. So the secondary still sucks. The running game. The verticals out because it was in the slush last night. So there's no verdict on that deal. And Stoyos is good as gone. Terry Kirby is already gone. That deal went down. In fact, it was funny because they had Rosenhausen for a ass lick fest on the pregame last night and did a great job of it. And then they go to bulk hampered on in the field now. Rosenhaus just gets through telling us that the Terry Kirby deal is final. He's gone. He be out. And then
the bow camper comes on and says breathlessly we've just discovered it's final. The Terry Kirby. Okay, whatever you say, Kimba. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. You're a classic rock fan, right? Yes. Well, I got to see you might like the new soundtrack for the crew. I haven't heard a grace flicking a lot. Yes, a song there, which I think you're pretty much dig it. Yeah. You should hear it. I mean, I think you like it. What is it? It's called knock me out. She sings with the chicks from a foreign on blonde. When it don't lock me out, knock me out. Exactly. Okay. Exactly, buddy. Okay.
Can I get a shameless request? Yeah. Jennifer Capriotti. Bung Jennifer Capriotti. Bung. Oh, yeah. See you. Hey, dude. Jennifer Capriotti here. And when I'm at slip and balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass. And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti. Titus ball can bomb. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriotti. Titus ball can. Bung cops will never suspect this innocent looking can just empty the ball.
It's the ball that thinks it's a tennis ball can. The tennis ball can that thinks it's a Bung proceeds benefit. Jennifer Capriotti legal defense, but normal approved. So charge must be so that you can get a ball. It's the ball that thinks it's a tennis ball can.
Slip it in his old age. You let this one get right through your hands. This is right up your alley, Sally. Carnival de Maranga 96. How do you like this? For all you Julio's out there, you might not like the CD, but you like the cover. I'll tell you that they got some chicken. Here she's got like she's got like quarter inch bra on here. In other words, it covers like maybe the nipple and that's about it. And then she's wearing a, I don't know what the hell you call that thing. But boy, you want to see a gigantic camel toe camel leg camel a back. Los Hermanos Rosario Fernandito.
Villanova Hector Villanova Los Toros band Roman Orlando people and never heard of any of these people Miriam Elas Chicas Mickey Tavarice Dioni Fernandez Los Solistas. This must be the crapped their plan on a radio romance. You know, is right. This is the kind of Marangi garbage that they're playing on their over and over like nonstop. So we got that one too for the spics out there. All right.
And we got a Brian Adams. We got a Leslie Gore and it's my party. Do we have anybody else besides me old enough to remember Leslie Gore? Oh, this has got some heavy duty stuff on here. Man, this has got 52 cuts. I didn't know Leslie Gore recorded 52 songs to give you an idea of how ridiculous some of these groups are. There's one here. What the hell I do with it called the angels greatest hits. The angels greatest hits. Remember the angels, my boyfriends back a medley of their smash and that was it. That was their only hits. So maybe it's on there like 20 times.
The cranberries to the faithful departed. We got some good stuff to give away here today because it's the giveaway summer at W I O D. And when we're through with us, we're going to start. We're giveaway that TV. So we'll give away to remote control. We'll give away to clock on the wall. We'll clean this place up before we get out of here. Why not.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir. I used to have a tennis ball can bond to yeah, it was pretty neat. Anyway, whatever to friends house last night to watch that. Often game. Yes, you're on a satellite on DSS.
Can you believe that? No, he figured out a way what he did is when he bought the dish. He told him that he was buying it for his grandmother who lives in someplace else.
Who lives up in Port St. Lucie, right? Right there you go. Send the bill to me. Yeah, like I said, you got to lie a lot. That's all. He pays the bill. So anyway, so it worked like a charm. Oh, they were lame last night. The dolphins. Yeah.
So here's our first honest caller. And now you know, I didn't have no interest in watching it because I think it's going to be a rough year. It's the same team. Yeah, anemic defense.
The offense, you know, just secondary blows. They're all like a tube and there's a no running game in the up. No pass rush whatsoever. Louis Oliver comes up and makes a big hit every now and then and the crowd goes wild. And that's it. That's their defense.
I wonder what Louis Oliver knows about Troy, Troy Eggman, but a lot. I bet anyway, hey, I'll take that Blues traveler disc and tickets from you.
Blues travel, I don't have no Blues traveler disc. I thought you said you had that line from the fall disc. I did. Yeah. When the hell did I say that? That's just now.
Live from the fall of one that I have in my hand now. Yeah, but you want the tickets and the CD. Well, that's pretty damn selfish. You've asked me go for broke. Okay, you got him. All right.
Well, who the hell is this going to want this? You're going to go see him at the Coral Sky amphitheater. Hey, you got it, buddy. I live right up in the area. Like I said, hang on.
Okay, there's our first norther wins today. You know, this is what lights up the lines. I hit it right on the head yesterday and I'll care about Greg from Boynton Beach. In fact, maybe it'll piss him off and I'll get rid of his ass finally once and for all.
What a what a put answer that would be. Even Lauren Green will be spinning in his thing. They're just smoking here today, baby, because they sent something is coming in the mail. It's coming. It's coming. It's in the mail. Trust me.
So like I said, Louis Oliver and Troy Ackman have got this so thing. It's 1036 at W I O D.
The opinions expressed by the host, Gaster callers on W I O D are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All W I O D programs are copyright 1996 by W I O D Incorporated. No tape recording or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of W I O D Incorporated.
You have dialed the Jewish telephone sex line. Relax and get ready for the time of your life.
Okay, I'm ready. Did you gargle and spritz everything? Or they, you feel like ice? You know, this ceiling needs painting.
Hey, you're leaning on my hair. Oh, could you speed it up a little wheel of fortune is on in five minutes? I said get off my hair. You're not gonna go.
Thank you for calling Jewish phone sex call again in about six months.
1041 a W I O D. Here's another one Carnival Day La salsa 96. Is this the same as the other one? I guess not. What is the other one? Oh Carnival Day Marangue.
The difference between 11 Marangue and salsa, please. Mr. Julio. One is meringue and the other one is sauce. Yeah, right. In other words, you don't know. Is that what you're saying? Mr. Spic?
What you got to hear the difference. Oh, not if you think I was in a place. It's Gucci music. Yeah, it's Ho Chi Co Chi. It's crap. It's like hookah ratchet and drag Frankie Ruiz Tijol Rojas. Andy Monteniers Tito Gomez. Hector trick something or other. Mark Anthony, who looks like a real screamer.
Son Cafe Edwin Rivera. Oh, geez. There's some really good stuff on air. The angels like I said to show you that what I said was true. The first cut on here is my boyfriends back the full length version 237, two minutes and 37 seconds.
And then the 21st cut is my boyfriends back the single version two minutes and 14 seconds. So like you lose 23 seconds off the whatever the other one is unbelievable.
But he had filled up almost five minutes on a CD because the only had one hit. And then they got a bunch of other songs on here that of course they covered off of other artists that they never heard of before and the same with that one ashamed.
We're lost here who had at least two hits. Remember walking in the sand and leader of the pack and then a whole bunch of songs that you either never heard of or somebody else had a hit with me probably but you're up pretty good.
So there's a whole bunch of crap boy that you keep us busy for least a few minutes. 1042. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir. How strongly do you recommend that dry concept? How strongly? How strongly? Very strongly. Very strongly as enthusiastically as I can. If they come into my house and my mother's how much more enthusiastic can you get than that?
Right. Cause I have a big book out of a rug that the dog did a number on. Trust me. They'll do a miracle on it. It's very yellow and black. Okay. And it wasn't that BS you be thing direct TV. I beg your pardon. That direct TV.
U.S.S.B. Yes. Oh, whatever the hell that is. U.S.S.B is another program a provider. They have like HBO and I have a few things like showtime that stuff. Well, how does that compare to cable?
What do you mean? How does it compare to cable? How does that well? Is it better than cable to get more programming?
I don't know what you're talking about. You're talking about direct TV. You're talking about the DSS. How can I know what you're talking about if you don't? You're talking about the small dish. Okay. Right. You're not talking about U.S.S.B. You're talking about the small dish. Right. It's 5000 times better than cable.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, Jesus. Oh, man. Find him a life. Two open lines in date. 7519463. And by the way, you ought to try that big Mac. Man, it's really something. Okay. I don't want to tell you where to stick it. But you can probably use your imagination. 7519463 to end date and one open in the green line. 1-800-944-9463.
And we never did get the facts by the way about the difference between the Sony dish and the RCA and the other one, which is the pro-phalactic or whatever it is. We never did get anything about that, which would be very nice because there are a lot of people out there chopping at the bit. We're ready to go out there and get them the small dish. But hey, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, ma'am.
Well, I have a DSS. I also have a RCA TV. And that's the pro scan. Is there really a pro scan DSS dish also? Yes. There is. Okay. Well, we watched hockey on DSS all last year. 700. You watch what? We watched hockey on the DSS last year. Right. 100 games. Wonderful. Are you going to be able to get that game tomorrow night on the DSS or not? Yes. Oh, good. What's on sunshine? It's on. You know, I really can't be sure because I looked in my satellite TV book again, which is for the big dish. But most of the stuff is on the TV. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Okay. There's indeed the classic. There's indeed the classic. Yeah. It's the latest experiences that you Own. Go on, Pak, this map and do you know who went to Spain for real? All of those capturing events and Paran käytt jobs are even more effective. I want to go design at maybe actually, you know... there's one group, I can tell you who has experience often just hanging from the car has.
Hey, listen, I can look.
When I tell my son I can look.
There you go.
I've always said that.
It doesn't cost a thing to look.
I finally took my son to Stagen Shake for time this week
and we were up in Orlando for an ex-so.
Yeah.
I've been talking about it since I went a couple of months ago.
And boy, it's great.
Absolutely best.
And you notice how they won't come in here?
Yeah.
Well, that's smart.
Because you can't gum any of their food.
Most of the chains won't come in here
unless they have something that you can gum
because they know the demographics of this market.
It's very good.
Yeah.
But I'm another fallen atkins person.
I'm struggling to climb.
I'm telling you, I am working so hard on this thing
and I had another great day yesterday
and I get on the scale this morning
expecting phenomenal results.
And nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Well, don't give up.
I'm not giving up, but it's just,
I don't know what it is in the beginning.
It sure is always-
I'm beginning it with so much easier this time.
Right.
And it's tough because you expect to just get back on
and it'll do it all over again.
Although I will tell you this though,
you have to really do a lot of cheating
and screw it around.
I mean, I was doing it for months
and really staying within five pounds.
But then when you do it week after week after week after week
then, you know, it just starts amounting up again.
But you really have to,
that's a one good thing about that diet
along with many others is that
you really have to go way off the wagon
before you start piling the pounds back on again.
Oh, I did.
But some of us did, yeah.
I certainly did.
And I have a great time and stake and shake
with the end of it.
Please, I hope.
Two things.
First of all, when you used to play
or I'm just going to make a request
to hear Melanoma this morning.
Yeah.
The first time I ever heard the actual song,
Macarena, I was in some auto parts store
and I had never heard it.
All I heard was Melanoma.
Yeah.
And I was hysterical.
I was absolutely hysterical
because I didn't realize it was parody.
Yeah.
So if you could play that this morning,
I'd appreciate it.
You got it.
I've been on longer than when you started talking
about the stuff that came in.
But could I request the kiss CD?
Could you request it?
Could I have one please?
Or could you have it?
Could I have it please?
Both.
You got it.
Thank you.
Hang on.
A good luck.
Thanks.
Just no more trips to stake and shake.
Yeah, you too.
Okay.
She's on the purple line, the lady with the kiss CD.
There we got a whole bunch of why we have like thousands of those, huh?
Why don't we have like 55,000 of metal kill some good time?
1047 at WIOD.
This is on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
Spread them and say cheese.
When they tell me call me melanoma,
I tend until I'm almost in a coma.
How I eat my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen.
Sun with me, tan with me, hope you don't mind.
I'm a little broccoli.
If I am this until we get melanoma,
we'd take like a bun you can sell the aroma.
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody more.
Hey, melanoma!
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off I go tanning.
I get naked and fake-baked.
How much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find the dermatologist.
If I am the sun till we get melanoma,
we'd take like a bun you can sell the aroma.
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody more.
Hey, melanoma!
I am!
If I am the sun till we get melanoma,
we'd take like a bun you can sell the aroma.
We've got lumps on our skin bigger than the metronoma.
Hey, melanoma!
We don't care if we get melanoma.
We've got the best tan from here to Arizona.
We don't have genital condoloma.
Hey, melanoma!
Got some frightening news for it by the way in regard to that.
They were doing the Macarena at Yankee Stadium in a game over the weekend.
Of course, that's in the Bronx, probably mostly Puerto Ricans, huh?
Well, seriously, they were doing the Macarena.
The whole crowd was up and as opposed to the wave, which was bad enough,
they were doing the snickered Macarena.
And then they showed the crowd in Atlanta.
And those Yahoo's are doing the Macarena.
In Atlanta, which doesn't surprise me because those are the phonyist fans,
man, that's got to be one of the worst sports towns.
Why have they ever get the Olympics in Etch-Oint?
The Braves, and as good as they've been for how many years now,
for like a century, for last many, many years,
and they draw like, okay, you know,
in many, many games you'll look at the thing and there's like thousands and thousands of empty seats.
And they were doing the wave when it went out with high-button shoes.
They were still doing the wave and now they're doing the Macarena because somebody said,
hey, that's a good idea and it makes people think you're really interested in the game,
which they're not.
They're just there for something to do, I guess.
Just like most of you went to the stadium last night for something to do.
Oh my God, I can't...
You know, I'm sitting here, I'm on a roll, I'm rolling along, singing a song,
and I got my head above water, and then I look at the board, you never fails.
Yes?
Captain Neil of the Raging Queen.
Let me tell you something.
My wife is going to come to WIOD and kick your ass because you still haven't returned that movie yet.
Well, you have nothing to say?
Aha!
Yeah.
That's what you get paid for.
I wish I could get paid for burping on the radio.
Yeah.
Maybe if you had a personality you might.
Yeah, well, in clothing, David Schultzger, an untalented douchebag.
Why don't you take the Italian iceman and onto your wing to adopt him and take him into your house?
No way.
Please.
No way, I can't do it.
Okay.
Stay up.
Tell her to hold her breath.
Yeah, right.
Tell her to hold this.
Up yours.
Okay.
What do you say up your rectum, something like that?
That movie's stung too, by the way, Mature.
It was really a piece of crap.
We have an open line in Broward 5249-463-524-WID.
Plus, it was more of a depressing, but other than that, it was sensational.
Here's the four-letteredale.
Hello.
Here's a go-n-yo.
Okay, sir.
Speaking of movies, I was in the video story of the other day.
What do I see on the shelf there?
The avalanche Stanley Cup video.
What the hell is that doing there?
Well, how come that guy must have given us some really bum information?
Did you hear him the other day?
No, I didn't.
Somebody called and said, how come there's not a Panther highlight video from last season
and the Stanley Cup and all this other good stuff?
And somebody called and said Gary Bettman was on talking about the fact that the NHL
this year has the rights to all the video.
Is that right?
And so they're the only ones who are allowed to put stuff out, but I find that very, very hard to believe.
Because I know the Leafs put a video out every year.
Why the hell wouldn't the Panthers have one after this great deal?
I think it would be a big seller down here.
Right, they'd be selling like Halivan the Beach.
Probably some kind of collectors, I know.
Right, they'd be selling like drugs and soapbeach.
If I see Don Schuhl on the news one more time, I'm going to throw up.
What's he doing on the news talking about his golf game?
He's on there.
He shows up at the game before the game, gets on the sidelines,
and makes a few in-ane comments for the press as if he really has some involvement
with the team which we know he doesn't.
And then he goes up in a press box and they're looking him from head to toe.
And that's, I guess again, it was something to do.
Oh my god.
You know, it's a middle of the summer.
It's a boring Monday or whatever. And he's there.
The sports must be slow to put Don Schuhl on there.
It is.
And what's that guy?
That guy in Channel 7 who killed that guy with his car.
Not Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez?
Rick Sanchez, yeah.
He's glowing these days. He's got a new hurricane report about.
The guy died?
No, he's glowing on TV because he's got a new hurricane.
No, but that guy that he hit with the car, did that guy die?
Yeah. He's dead?
Dead at the door now.
Okay.
So listen, you think I can get a guy?
Just double checking. Yeah, what do you want?
The CD?
Which one?
The kiss one?
Kiss.
Yeah.
Going over like, like, spoiled milk.
Okay, hang on.
Mercy.
Okay, boku.
Line five.
Hang on. Don't go away.
I won't.
How come I keep putting this guy in hold and he's not going on hold?
Because you pushed the button twice.
Oh, like I said, hold on.
Are you cereal?
Are you sure?
I thought that it just wouldn't disconnect if you pressed the button twice after all this time.
My technical expertise is showing a flaws that what you're saying.
As if I don't know what the hell I'm doing, which I probably don't.
I didn't know that.
So like I said, we have an open line on the green line.
1-800-909-449-463-1800.
What do you want for free?
How about that file cabinet over there?
Where will be good?
Let's start giving away some of the cart racks.
Although they might be needing those on the coast.
By the way, I saw Johnny Dolan this morning.
I was in a meeting with our program director this morning.
I was like a Johnny Dolan came and waved a high, dad.
And we both looked at him like, get out of here, puts.
You know, you talk about a guy that's slow on the upchuck.
This guy just doesn't want to get it.
I'm sure everybody in this audience knows somebody that you can't insult.
You know people like that?
Well, I was going to say Gilbert, but all you got to do is look at him cross-eyed.
And he starts crying.
So that's a bad example.
But there are just some people like Mitch from Video Waves.
There's a good example.
They just won't go away.
With his one spot a year that he runs on a show for all the crap that he can dish out.
But these people, man, these are this Johnny Dolan.
They hate him.
I'm telling you, in fact, I don't want to mention any names over there.
But some of the people won't go into the studio there at the same time when he's in there.
Does that tell you how much they like him?
They hate him like poison.
Here's Miami on the Miami line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I was talking to someone with taxon.
And they were saying that Ron and Ron were going to morning.
And Rick and Sud's afternoon.
And then they were talking with somebody at taxon.
Yes.
Such as whom?
I know.
Such as whom?
Al Knight.
Oh, Al Knight is somebody at taxon.
A board-up on Craig's show is a boy.
Is somebody at taxon?
I thought you met like somebody famous.
Well, he.
I thought maybe you were having lunch with Buddy in a Mediterranean or something.
Well, is that true?
And they said after the deal goes through that they're trying to purchase big 106
and put you and Rick and Sud on after hours.
I don't know anything about that.
I know you can't really come.
No, I know. The last part you said we've heard the other rumor the first part.
But will you just said I don't know nothing about that.
But that's your sounds appealing to me.
Yeah, I'll say that's the big rumor over there.
I don't know.
Is it?
Yep.
Now, did he have a toe touching the ground when he toyed you this?
I don't know.
How about the little toe?
The little one.
See, just a little one touching the ground.
All right, now.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, more rumors.
That's good.
Let's spread some more rumors.
Okay?
We're buying big 106 over at Paxon.
We're going to put me on here.
We're going to put Rick and Sud's on there.
We're putting, uh, what are we putting?
We're putting everybody on.
That's the newest rumor.
Hey, listen, if in fact I know somebody that can probably make a career now,
just starting rumors.
He happens to be standing in the other rumors I speak, but hey,
you got a lot of good experience.
So what's the story with that Hollywood building, by the way?
They're sure not going to go in there just for the coast and how 105 are they?
Come on.
Make something up if you don't know it for crying out loud.
Okay, so we'll come back and give away a bunch more crap and start some more rumors after that.
Say it like this.
610 W.I.
Oh, D.
I'm so loaded up.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
This is the show of the mañana.
Colleo Rajas.
This is the show of the show.
Do you know what that means?
Jerry Garcia, the leader of the grateful dad is not grateful, but he is dead.
His wife had his cremated ashes sprinkled in India and in California,
but I wanted some for my fish.
Jerry Garcia was so fat.
We had to keep the crematorium cooking for three days.
There's lots of Jerry for everyone.
I want me some ass.
And producing Jerry's human flash flashback fish flakes.
Cool, now my fish can get the same sensation I got at dead shows.
F**king wasted, man.
I'm not trying.
I'm not talking.
Get in speedy trouble, speedy bed, water, speedy.
Wow, he's really hot.
It's like feeding your goldfish re-brownies.
Only these are made of Jerry's skin.
Hey, I like them too, man.
Look for the tie-died kettle at most fish stores and head shops.
Okay, it's $1,006 at WOD.
I got some, here's a letter which I'm sure is bogus, but nevertheless it's amusing,
especially since it's allegedly from a student at the University of Miami,
which we know what a bunch of boneheads the Heracuns are.
And it's copies too, Mr. Jeff DeForest, Mr. Hank Goldberg, Mr. Red Kaplan,
and last but certainly not least, Mr. Neil Rogers.
It says, gentlemen, my name is Henry Shenady.
And I'm a graduate student at the University of Miami.
My major is behavioral psychology.
After listening to each of you for the past year, I formulated a thesis for my doctorate degree
that involves each of you.
The topic I chose is, male Jewish radio talk show host and addictive gambling is their a correlation.
In November or December, I'd like to meet with each one of you to ask a variety of questions.
Among them are the following.
One, when did your addiction to gambling first surface?
Two, did your father, brothers or uncles also have a gambling problem?
Only my uncle, Mugsie Solomon, who was a bookie.
Three, have your supervisors recognize your problems and try to get professional help for you.
Four, has gambling addictively cost you a marriage, if the matter of fact it has.
At the bank about that too.
Five, what is the most money you've ever won or lost?
Six, if and when you retired, you plan on moving to Haven for gambling such as Las Vegas.
No, seven, would you like to quit gambling? No.
And I look forward to meeting each of you and hope you're with me.
Exactly.
Okay, thank you so much.
Another thoughtful student allegedly at the U of M.
Now here's something also interesting.
Here it says enclosed as a missing piece of the puzzle to facilitate the Atkins diet.
Namely the simple non-mystic, non-Eastern religion, purely scientific and physical procedures.
George Tassie has developed involving breathing exercise therapy.
And it's an article about this clown in Hollywood and chose this grotesque picture.
Thank you so much.
Okay, more crap.
Here's the good stuff.
Here's an article about what's new in the soaps and it's mysterious Zachary.
Who is mysterious?
He says as far as I know I'm just a mysterious do-good or I'm helping everybody up.
But I think his time goes on.
They'll lighten me up and maybe give me a love story with someone and show you what I really got.
It says this is from Sharon in Palm Beach Gardens.
Thank you so much Sharon.
She says and you're right.
These guys are the best thing to hit guiding light since Papa Bauer.
A man since Bill Barr took that last drink you got it sweetheart.
Here's a lady in Luxe Hatchy.
Hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Got a question for you on Louis.
First off, do you have his new CD today?
Oh today is today.
Today is today.
Do you know that we're supposed to be getting the new CD today?
Today is today the Louis Album comes out and today is today.
Well I got my first one on the seat.
Romanticode, the is a Sam Craig from my anniversary.
And now I've got a whole lot of fun.
I'm a broken spict there, pretty bad.
You better work on that.
Well I know this.
Romanticode, see up right now.
Oh, this is the one.
Which ones are good?
This is the one.
Yes.
Which ones of his albums are good?
I've got the list but I don't know.
What do you mean which ones of his albums are good?
You think Luis has got a bad album?
Okay, that means that question.
They're all good.
Okay.
If you want the best one in my opinion, the best one I think,
well if you like syrupy music like that,
Romance thing but that's not my alley.
Oh that was great.
I like that Venti Onyos that to me is the best album of all.
What about the 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th, 30th?
That's good.
That's if you like the young Luis.
I don't know the young Luis from the old Luis.
I just know what you play.
Well that's like he was about, I don't know, 17, 18 years old
when that one came out.
Okay.
Yeah.
Does he have a video?
Does he what?
Does he have a video?
Well there are videos of his concerts but whether they're for sale
in our local video stores, so one can only,
you probably have to go like into a little Havana there.
And I bet there's Luis all over the place.
Well I'm sure that's the best of where I am.
Well my feet smell real bad and I'm going to the doctor today
and I'm in Veris now.
Oh God, what am I going to do about that?
If you get Luis today, will you play some of the cut?
If I get Luis today, you won't be hearing me no more.
I sure will.
I don't kill some good time.
Can I ask you for a CD?
Sure.
The John Tish.
I know, I know.
What is re-lancing?
You mean coma inducing?
Oh wait, that too.
No seriously, what do you like about John Tish?
It's relaxing.
If you put it on and you can just float away to oblivion.
Okay, good answer.
All right.
Okay, hold on.
Good answer, good answer.
That's what Ray Coms said to me for a hung himself.
Lady on seven air locks a hatchy, she wants to that thing.
By the way, we got three copies of the soundtrack
from the movie The Crow.
Do you know what that is?
The Crow?
It's a movie.
The...
No craps your lock.
But I mean is it a new movie?
They just put the sequel out.
A new Crow movie.
I'm so glad I asked.
What's on here?
A white zombie, filter, Paul J. Harvey.
I must be Paul J. Harvey Jr.
Bush, New York loose, totes, Iggy Pop.
Oh god, it's...
Oh and here's the Linda Perry featuring Glacelick.
The Dev Tones.
Above the law, featuring Froth.
So there's three copies of that piece of crap
for anybody that has any idea what that is.
See, it used to be that every year it would be, you know,
a few new groups that would show up now.
Like you wake up the next morning, there's like 600 new groups.
And if you don't know each and every one of them
and you don't know who the drummer is
and who's doing the best drugs lately,
then you're just out.
So why don't you help him bother?
Why waste your time at this point?
12 minutes at my feet smell really bad.
I'm going to the doctor.
What am I going to get some doctor's shoals?
I better do something.
I better stick my feet in somewhere.
Hey!
Stench of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins.
I'm giving you a summons for speeding
and a ticket because your daylight's burned off.
Thank you, officer.
You act like a pig.
Well, have a nice day.
This teenager didn't get into more serious trouble
because he knew Pig Latin.
And now you can too.
Thanks to Learn at Home Pig Latin tape.
Yeah, but why should I learn Pig Latin?
Because it helps you in all facets of your daily life.
At home.
Mom, my girlfriend Sally is, um,
Agnett Prey.
Oh, that's nice, dear.
At work?
I dropped this Erger Bay on the Orphe.
I shopped.
Learning Pig Latin can even help you at school.
Um, I, uh, they ate my homework.
Wow!
I never knew how important a second language was.
Well, now you do.
And Learn at Home Pig Latin tapes are so easy to use.
You can learn to speak fluent Pig Latin within months.
Or your money back over our KEDD items.
I'm so.
Get Learn at Home Pig Latin tapes today.
And tomorrow you'll say,
That's cool.
No, that's okay.
Yeah, go take a good ratkay.
Isn't that what Michael said in Godfather won right at the end?
It's 1116 at WYOD.
We have an open line on a green line.
And so here's the facts from chronic a hockey fill,
which is great that we got a good hockey fan out there who facts me all that stuff from the world cup and all the rosters.
This guy's a fanatic.
But he says,
Where are those so called hockey fans?
Where the freak are they jumped on the panthers?
Bad wagon.
I don't know how many times you've tried to get the listeners talk about the world cup of hockey.
None of them even aware of it.
This is a, of course.
This is no hockey town.
It was a phenomenon.
It was a happening.
It was Stanley Cup.
It was, uh, you know,
it's just like the thing with a baseball.
The Marlins are going to make it here,
whether it's another two years, three years, five years.
It's just a matter of time.
They're doomed, man.
Just like Roba Young would say they're doomed.
Because there's no interest.
I mean, they're just going to would disappear for lack of interest.
Well, by the way,
speak of lack of interest.
The trends come out today.
I almost forgot about that.
Thank God I'm going to the doctor immediately afterward.
You think that was just an omen?
I mean, we got starting tomorrow night with the exhibition game.
Canada and the USA.
Pretty good roster is out there.
US right now is the bea's are playing or not, George.
Because he had that high yet that arthroscopic surgery.
And I think that I, I don't know.
Seems that I read that he might be skipping the World Cup because of that.
But I'm not sure.
I'm sure Phil will faxes and give us the info.
But they also got Mike Richter and Jim Kerri and goal for the US.
And they got Tony Amani and Adam Deadmarsh and Bill Gerrin.
And they got Eric Gerrin.
Remember him, the jockey.
They got Brad Holl on Steve kind of wall chuck and Pat Lafontaine and John LeClair and Sean McHecchern.
And Mike Madonna and Joel Otto and Jeremy Rona who was just straight into Phoenix by the way.
For Lexi Janoff, Xamnoff and Brian Smolinsky and Keith Kachuk and Doug Wait and Scott Young.
And Sean Chambers and Chris Chalios and Daryl Hatcher and Kevin Hatcher and Phil Hausley and Brian Leach
and Matthew Schneider and Gary Souter for the US that is.
Not too bad.
And then Canada.
I might read all of those names too just to piss everybody off in a second.
I think I will.
I'm going to read all the names from the Czech team, the Sweden team.
Because they're just aren't very many hockey fans down here.
And the interesting part of it is most of the real hockey fans are the snowbirds.
The ones who go back up north and most of whom aren't even here right now, which is a pretty sad commentary.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How did you choose the colors of your lines?
That was just by the lay of the land as a matter of fact.
We put yellow because there are a lot of aspinalist people in date.
We put blue because Broward makes you depress.
So Broward is blue.
The green lines we put for Palm Beach because yeah.
What does that have to do with it?
What color is that?
It's not.
When it flashes you think it's a call but it's not.
And the purple line is, I don't know.
Well, what's purple?
It's the pound line.
And we say pound it till it's purple as we'll be saying.
There you go.
Speaking of al-night.
Oh please.
Must we?
Must we?
Did you ever hear a person with a bigger difference between their on air voice and their regular speed?
Speaking of voice.
Meaning what?
Meaning, you know, when he's doing voiceovers and stuff he actually sounds human.
No, he does not.
He sounds like a fruit fly.
I have no idea why Craig has him on air.
Craig is a great friend of mine.
I love Craig.
He's a super guy.
I haven't seen him much lately but he's a great guy.
And why he has that fruit fly on the air.
I have never said this before because I know Craig is very uptight and sensitive about these things.
About, you know, once he has great allegiance to his people but oh man.
In fact, he sounds even fruitier than that kid that's on in the morning with Alice.
That chronic Brian, it's calling us all the time.
I think he's a broadcaster.
The one that sounds like this.
Well, Boston could work for QAF.
There you go, like I said.
Aneel.
Maybe we can have all squeals all day.
Aneel?
Yes.
What do you want?
At Yankee Stadium, you know that they're going to change the name to the Marcarina since the craze started.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Oh, brother, we have an open line of Broward 5249463524.
What do you want time he's on?
Yeah, they got some real good voices on the radio in this town.
Make no mistake about it.
I don't know what it's all about.
They must all come from the same school.
Maybe they come from you of them.
Maybe they know Mike Rosenthal.
Boy, there's a name from the past, huh?
There's a real blast from the past.
Oh boy, you made a mistake.
You made a mistake on the game.
You made a mistake.
You don't have a good voice like I do.
You're broadcasting the games.
And I'm on WVUM and I've got seven people listening and I'm an expert.
You made a mistake, Neal.
I'm in a mistake, all right.
It was about 20 years ago when I am my ship landed.
1121 at WIOD.
Entertainment Radio.
610.
WIOD.
Dolphins and you'll leave the least penalized team.
Holding.
It used to be.
You only had two options when you wanted the latest news.
You're radio or your TV.
But now you can get the same news you get on radio and TV from your computer.
Introducing BSNBC.
I'm Tom Brokjot here at BSNBC.
We're combining a brand new cable news network with the World Wide Web to provide a confusing
jumble of information, electronic icons and links.
You'll never be able to find your way through.
But since it was Bill Gates' idea, we thought it might make us all really, really rich.
I'm Jane Polly.
Here at BSNBC, you don't have to worry about getting lost in cyberspace because BSNBC
gives you the news from people, you know.
Except now we're not on your TV.
We're on your computer.
And how does that make the news better?
Tell them, Jane.
I have no idea.
Tom.
Neither do I.
I'm BSNBC.
It's NBC with BS.
1126 in W1.
By the way, Brody Hutsler is the name of the actor that plays a mysterious Zachary on a guiding
light.
He's 25 years old.
He was born in Fairbanks, Alaska and he's been around and et cetera.
And that's the end of that tune.
Anyway, I'm really curious.
Maybe we can get a spirie for it somewhere along the line in between giving all this crap
away about the way the local sports jocks are handling the Troyakman story.
Like Man Witch and Bojangles and the D-4 and these guys because generally speaking, especially the X-Jocks,
they avoid those stories like the plague or if they do, you know, they make a snide comment here or two along the way.
But that's basically as much as they can touch it, so to speak.
Oh my God, boy, must be chronic Tuesday.
Here's Evan.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, Evan?
Excellent.
We got Louise in the store.
Where is it?
Incredible universe.
Well, this is going to be another one of these deals where you're going to send a guy down here with 60 bucks.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah.
Far from it.
Well, how come my friends at Wea Latina have a guy got my copy of the new CD over here immediately, if not sooner?
I can't put it in the front.
I'm kind of services this, huh?
I don't believe they didn't send it to you on Friday.
This should be the first radio station in town that should have that damn thing, not those fixed stations.
That's right.
Tell us wrong with those people.
We also have the video.
Yeah.
Do you have the old one?
The old one.
The old one.
Yeah.
The one that the old lady was talking about.
Right.
Yeah, we do have that also.
And laser.
Is this one where he's naked?
Not quite.
Oh.
But close to it.
Okay.
But let everyone know we do have the CD and stock.
We've got it on listening space.
Can I ask you a question?
Well, what could it is that going to do for me?
I'll bring you one if you don't have it but tomorrow.
Yeah.
He just wants to let everybody know it.
Incredible universe.
They got the Louise CD and a video and stock.
Not that he's going to help me out, but he wants to let everybody know that.
Well, I gladly help you out if I wasn't working today.
That's okay Evan.
I understand.
But if you don't have it by the end of the day, I'd be fine with it.
I'll send a guy down there with 200 bucks and maybe we can pick up a copy.
I think it could be that much.
I know.
I'll bring you one tomorrow.
Okay, pal.
Hi.
Thanks.
Pally.
We have an open line.
Anybody that says to you, hey, Pally, you know immediately is a flaming asshole.
Okay, just keep them.
I'm not talking about Evan.
Although he, well, but seriously, anybody that says, hey, Pally, you know immediately is a walking
brachdom.
We have an open line in Brad five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
How come we don't have no Julio's taken?
We got carnival.
They lost salsa 96.
No ventes says.
How come they say no ventes say?
They lose the S is a lot.
Haven't you noticed that?
Especially if you want to know why because they're afraid the S is going to come out like a runaway
S and it's going to be a telltale sign.
So anyway, there was also some other Julio thing I had here, which, where the hell is that?
Oh, here it is.
It's called mestizo.
El tanguoneo.
What the hell is that mean?
El tanguoneo.
And it's whoever the hell mestizo is.
And of course, it's got a picture on the back, which you can't tell whether they're a fish,
foul, animal, vegetable or mineral or fruit.
But moliendo café, puro amor, best of may magdalena, te quiero, impaciente, margarita, patricia, estrea de la
mora, disco, samba, macarena.
Oh, I got to hear this.
Oh, baby, we hit the mother load.
Wow, nobody's going to take this anyway.
We want to have no Julio's call.
That's one thing I'll say now.
If we had a bunch of what's the name of the, uh, the bozos that do that?
mestizo.
They're not the original, uh, are they?
We'll find out.
No, there's no way because that would be the name of the album.
It would be like a big thing on the front.
They'd be doing it.
Why hate the way they got these things wrapped up, man?
Jesus, Joseph, Esther, Serena.
Oh, sorry.
Her videos are still all over the place.
So at least the her memories are still alive.
That's good.
Sorry, Howard.
Okay, let's do a mobile in the deer field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are we doing?
Great.
The macarena makes me two.
Exactly.
The worst, the most annoying song in the history of the human race.
I can't even bear to listen to the first time.
I'd even rather hear Harper Valley PTA again before I'd rather be here this.
Garbage.
Hey, listen, one of your breaks earlier, I flipped over to the sports pig.
I'd rather hear, I got a brand new pair of roller skates, whatever that was.
Melanie, remember that?
Oh, Garbage.
Yes, you slipped over to these sports cow.
Yeah.
And she had the brainstem on.
Oh, boy.
Great.
He was, he was talking about, he was some type of a spokesman for direct TV.
I got to look for something else to do.
Yeah.
He's the new one.
He's the spokes guy.
Right.
He's pushing off the football package.
Right.
Yeah, that's interesting because last year who was pushing the NFL package on a big day, so this year they're spreading it around.
Now they assigned him up for direct TV and he's pushing it over there.
He's pushing it a lot these days.
Well, speaking of packages, all he had to say was something about JJ's relationship with Aitman.
Meaning what?
I don't know.
They had a relationship?
I don't know if it was a shot at JJ or what.
He was saying that they were pretty close and that was how he left it.
He didn't say they were pretty tight to the.
No.
Yeah.
You jacked ass.
That brings you to my next subject.
Yes.
This past Saturday morning, midday, I'm flipping through the channels at home.
I come across a blue lagoon.
Yeah, I saw about two minutes.
I had a home number I would have called you.
I saw about, it was on TBS.
Yeah, exactly.
I was told by return of the blue goon.
Right.
But I said what?
After my girlfriend saw the original blue lagoon, she was very upset that that guy, the blonde, was not in the background.
Chris Atkins.
Chris Atkins got a pretty, he's not that good.
From the neck down, he's pretty good, but his post could use some work, you know?
Seriously, he's got a bad post.
Well, I don't know about that.
In addition to which there's one scene in there where he's like sliding down a waterfall.
Right.
And his penis like droops out from out of the, and trust me, you have seen.
His father was Chinese for sure.
You've seen acorns bigger than that.
Trust me.
Definitely.
So even more of Griffin lost interest.
Yeah, I'll tell you.
Well, it was great talking to you.
I'll take a cranberry disc if you've got one left.
I got one.
All right.
It's called, it's the, to the faithful departed CD.
There enough.
You got it.
Thank you.
Hang on, line four.
This guy wants some cranberries, okay?
Does he want them in a canter?
Does he want them fresh?
Cranberries for the guy, line four, by the way, I'm just shouting because I want to make sure you understand because you're hawking a trinic.
So let's get down to it.
Okay, let's get to the good.
What cut is it on here?
I put the thing up there and the machine says reject immediately.
All right.
Oh.
Rectome.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hey.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh.
He said something about Cagada in there, any role they are.
Oh, he must be getting ready to smoke one, is that it?
So it's 1134 at WI.
Well, I don't want to do that because then you'll hit the button and you'll play the bit.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hello
four nine four six three here's Miami on a purple line hello
new yes uh...
just got back from new york for the world's largest macarena
oh my god
i mean he just came out of the woodwork
thirty nine thousand people i think i'm a thousand point of weekends
oh my god i mean it was like being back in my amiga and probably a few
cubans uh... floating over from jersey to
oh no they're after that
and had the starting line up to Spanish
they're after the cross from union city hell
oh my god is the only
pathetic
uh... i mean uh... uh... where did it's not where did it come from i don't know
where's like a plate it's like the wave where the hell did the wave start
uh... who started that crap what kind of moron start you know i remember as a
kid go to ball games i never say they do in the wave
they weren't doing a hokey pokey they weren't doing a macarena and guess what
we were having a good time because the quality of the game was really great
and it was exciting and we had a good time and even the hot dogs were better
i mean i'm the world's largest in keep them but i was thoroughly embarrassed
by that whole macarena and i don't know to do it i don't want to know how to do
it i never will learn how to do it
i can't wait till it gets to chicago and harry starts doing it instead of the
uh... sing and take me out of the ball game
hopefully i'm gonna get you to see that yeah
oh please get stuck around for that cross CD
in fact i can't wait till steve stone starts doing it he might actually fight
right out of the booth which one you want the crow the crow you said did you see
the crow uh... it's not out yet
you're just i have the first album the first uh... it's a second movie in the
string no the first album what it means the second movie
this the first one is with Brandon Lee the one he died on but this is the
crow it doesn't say the sequel it doesn't say uh... something uh... city of angels
yeah that's the second one oh excuse me okay hang on
you got the bird hang on okay send him a crow like in a box on a purple
liner the crow
jesus god you it's it's like a full-time occupation just to keep up with all
the in-anity man we're just surrounded by it it's the city of angels it's the
crow too as the crow flies or did that expression never come from by the way
and when the swallows uh... do what when they swallow what in capestrano
and from what i've heard they do here's crow springs hello hello nio yes
uh... i'm caught about uh... the van bie's work update yes
uh... the bie's work isn't playing that's what i thought and uh...
gay bear is playing in place of him
gay bear from the mighty ducks yep oh brother he's okay he's okay i'm american to me
huh he's all right yeah yeah for a frog gay bear that's a good point he's uh... he
was born in this country a frog oh my god step on him he might be a boofo
yeah that can any lineup sounds pretty good yeah i never went through that yet i
better whip that out a greck ski review
yeah
when dross that's the a little me mario's not plan
mario's not no
okay which was everybody thinks that's a good sign because it means he'll
probably plan a regular season yeah well
sacked in flurry i got it
i got it here somewhere or i had it
i lost it
i'll find it have a great day
too late
so anyway what the hell did i do with uh... that stuff that i throw it out
did i throw it out talk about disorganized we got a mess in this joint man
the likes of which you wouldn't believe and of course you probably don't care
but that's a here it is i got it it's in the midst of all this downlone
stuff from the uh... cox lawyers again about that lawsuit with the you know who
and all that other crap
it's not bad enough that you waste a whole afternoon giving your deposition but
then you got a red it you got to sign in you got you already gave it okay i
said it in the blowout your ass
okay where's the uh... canadian roster
because i'm sure it'll sound it'll be a little bit easier to understand if i'm
reading it as opposed to him on the phone with all due respect uh... rod brindamore
the of flurry ron france is when greetsky paul career's not plan
a cloud of new mario's not plan
trevor linden erick lindross mark messier kieth primo joe sackig brinden
chanahan pat for big stevee iserman all right
i'll rob Blake dug banger ray borke paul coffee eric desiardans got need a
myrl online almo kinnis godstavans martin brodour
courteous joseph and bill randford and that's canadian they're playing the
us in the exhibition tomorrow night
seven thirty to be on the first time and i i don't know where
too bad somebody can't really inform us but hey we keep asking for information
and nobody wants to tell us out there is it on the sports channel where is it
on at seven thirty and of course when you have two dishes you don't have to be
really too worried that you're gonna miss it it'll be on there and then again at
ten thirty later night it's on all the prime things which i think includes
sunshine here is a mere more on the purple line hello
hey nila how you doing great great nice morning i wanted to ask you something
about uh... the jimmy johnson guy was it pushing again out there is it bad
it's starting oh great it's starting great well it's the monsoon season thanks god
because we got that guy that killed that guy with his car watching the hurricane
out there yeah i want to talk by the way do you notice how the other day they
found firstly found the head without a body yeah and then they found a body without
a head what a perfect match it was great
i want to complain about jimmy johnson can i do that please
well you you've heard of the american lung association right yeah
every year we do a half-time show for uh... for the mimey doffin to the american
lung association of one of the volunteers remember we go out there about three
hundred of us with the steps and we just like the grab-ass team with the what
the steps the step aerobics we do a big deal out there for about five
minutes i never pay any attention that stuff with all the respect okay that's
fair uh... the last four years we've been doing this and we raised probably about
a hundred thousand dollars a year for the american lung association which is not
a shoddy uh... charity yeah it's the real deal yeah well from one of the american
cancer society yeah well from one of the well we do the american lung has a lot of
stuff they uh... i don't need to get into it it's just it's a great organization
and give me a cigar George there you go well you just inspired me okay
well when you're when you're in that way when you're in a gym you've got problems at
home and you can't breathe the american lung generally comes to your house and takes care
yeah for free because we raise money to help keep them going okay so getting back to jimmy
johnson while you're doing this five hundred shameless plug for the american lung association yes
so we're supposed to go out there every year and uh... raise money so i understand that johnson
has stuck his nose into it and says he wants he stuck his he stuck his johnson into it he stuck his
jack into it johnson yeah and he says that he's out there this year why not
we the same way that he deep-six to dolphin breakfast that they used to do every year for some reason
yet that all about i have no idea what's the head coach doing with the halftime show
yeah what sense is that make well he's a hands-on guy that's what traitman says that all he ought to know
he's a real hands-on guy he gets involved in everything he ought to know as in maybe a little bit
over involved i wonder if he's going to pass in the soap it's not that's what that's what the
brain stem says he says that the two of them were pretty tight that's the rumor that somebody
just started a little while ago the punchline the whole thing is the american lung count it from
what i understand the american lung count it by saying okay well we we don't make money we make
money for people that needed you know for helping in the community yeah so johnson says well
i want shows that are going to make money and they said okay fine what we'll do since we generally
raise close to 100 grand a year uh... we'll give you half right what's the uh... association that
you want us to uh... contribute the money to right he comes up with some name they investigate it
it doesn't exist
johnson's a phony
the big
you expect me to believe that
yeah i expect you to believe it
based on one
based on the fact that you said it
what the johnson's a phony so what was the money going to try to say that he was
going to pocket the the fifty grand i'm not trying to say anything what i'm trying to
say is that they asked him
if they wouldn't mind splitting it with the dolphins and said they would take a
a minute was a uh... maybe it was his way of saying blow it out your ass
might have been but that's not really nice thing to do for a lot of people in the
community that could be a lot of but he's not necessarily always a nice guy
well i this is true but the the main crux of it is what is he doing mess with
or what the half time shows yeah that's a good point
to real good point maybe let's find out let's bring back the karaoke guys
okay
well check it would all right can i hang out for a city no
we have an open line on a purple line i'm not giving that kind of a city is
rip it our coach i mean a guy for crying out loud isn't even have his uh...
thing wet yet in the shower with the dolphins and already their rip it
in the ass give this guy a chance to me johnson's
fox and so does his heck up what do you do try and rape a weed whack uh...
eleven forty eight at w i o d
use talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
for christ sake i only had one oi eleven fifty two at w i o d and uh...
one of the eighty five engineers from paxen was just over here during the
first hour so sitting in with george they are so accommodating these people
that it's frightening
frightening we're not used to this would not be in uh... used to be in pamper
it's like when we try to get these car machines here in the beginning
and boy gary says uh... uh... no chance you'll ever live long enough to get
those in here i believe it when i see it
remember that deal
but uh... all of a sudden we're dealing with people say what do you want how do
you want it uh... do you want it uh... medium rare soft hard whatever you however
you want it we're gonna give it to you
as opposed to here what it gives you in your back and walk away with a smile under
post
so we're pretty excited about it we're gonna have like state of the art parts
and uh... we're gonna have all kinds that all this mess i'm surrounded by a pile
of crap here i got stuff in a box stuff in a bag stuff in a sack
but we do have a thirty five seconds left in the dc s by the way
here's my amy hello
is uh... it's uh... my indica
i beg your pardon
this is wio d radio you're on the air soon
is this is this your idea of humor is this your idea of humor
puts
shmeckle since you can hear the radio in the back
what is it
okay
we have an open line at day seven five one nine four six three seven five one
shmeckle which means a real small one tiny
miniscule here's a my me hello
what the hell is that your act your acts in mean you can hear the best part of it
is you hear the radio in the back
right um... nil the guy already stole my firebed
the beavers not gonna be playing during the war
right um... uh... so you don't know exactly what
uh... what channel is gonna be on i don't have a day
well i'm trying to find it doesn't have it was in the i am assuming the my amy
here i'm assuming well first of all it's tomorrow so why would they have it
today i mean tomorrow excuse me yeah so i'm assuming that it'll be in the
paper tomorrow but i also would assume it be on now let's see are the marlin's
plan of our do we know
oh jeez what i don't know you're hoping not right i hope not well sure they're
gonna be playing somewhere tomorrow they got a home they can't have a home game
they play today i mean yesterday well that's right that right hold it
they're in chicago okay right so the good news is the likelihood it's a two
twenty game because it's uh... i'm almost positive it'll be a day although
tomorrow's wednesday which is espn baseball so they may i don't know
right in front of you get that double header down here yeah
that'll header what
baseball or something
baseball or something right
baseball or something and also i did find out from t c i they said that they want
to read that they will hopefully have uh...
sports channel by the beginning of not this talking season but next
so what is so what good is that gonna do you well they said the main reason why
is that uh... their logic is that um...
that uh... since wein own that channel the the morons will eventually go
over there they want to have it for on their system by the time the moron school
over yeah but in other words if you want to see the panthers grew off is what
they're saying is that nice yeah well screw them and also i got something really
good it's a new song that would that just came out it's about the oj sympath
trial and basically help people are losing contact uh...
you know i'd become a you know are living the lives of what they see on television
yeah uh... it's called it's the new rush strong uh... uh...
uh... tune the echo
yeah it's pretty good i'd uh...
it's about time someone some other people started screaming about you know
people you know not having contact with anything okay okay go have some contact
okay get out here open line and date seven what was she saying open line and
date seven five one one a broad five two four yeah you know it's a go back to
what that guy feel who faxed me all the info and thank you again so much about
the hockey thing here's we had the team that was in a Stanley Cup finals
the cinder relative in all of sports i can't think of how many years maybe since the 69
meds or the jets how long has it been since we had such a cinder relative
even without the slippers and yet you look in the paper today is there anything here about
looking at my scum sentinel since the world cup exhibition game you i can't
it is on tomorrow and i will be televised wouldn't you think there'd be a little something
since we got some uh... panthers in there struck his plan for check his lavakia
and the bees are isn't playing but we ought to know something about that and how he's coming along and uh
i'm looking i'm looking i'm looking i'm looking i don't i see it's like 85,000 pages about the
dolphin game last night which are based on what i'm hearing so far wasn't all that great
here's about uh... the heat and the heat arc it and barkley and the arc in this one here's the
fishing the fishing report and here's a guy holding a big one all right nice going Jerry
Jerry's got a big one all right pal gators and on schedule who the hell gives a flying crap about
the gators it starts november 22nd november 22nd and this is the 20th of august and they're worried
about the two months down the road but tomorrow night we got another word i'm looking i'm looking i'm
looking here i want to make sure i'm not missing that so that somebody did oh you missed out
here's a martina that this and the Williams did that and soccer and miscellaneous and uh
god i can't even find out if Brad kramer broke his collarbone and he's all parking that as he spills
thirty-night i can't even find that out bulls begs off having beer with his buddies in
chicago yankees prevent a sweep the rocky salvage finale uh... marlin's didn't steal afraid train skins
picked for rott over shuler winblerly may start at safety for the hiracun's uh... lined back your
green learns talent not enough laman green laman cranson aric green may be coming back even
ojima hates him like poison spurrier rewards walk on receiver at gainsville little league world
serious spikes this bike that spike the ball spike your ass beat your wife uh... i don't find
nothing in there about the damn uh... world cup of hockey so we would have to be asking all these stupid
questions i hate to break the new and didn't i predict this didn't i say during the playoffs
did i say you wait in the sea as soon as this is over there will be nothing i mean nothing in
the papers don't be zero coverage nothing except an occasional uh... negative article about hey
they're not going to be playing here this year and looks pretty bad
here's the delray beach hello
a deal yes sir better be careful remember my call
he's on a west coast he's out of time
or safe i'll tell you to be a nice little appetizer before the hockey season there
yes
little all-star game action right
that's pretty impressive team even that the americans have their
think they can hold their own so i would say so yeah
even though uh... without the bs are in goal we might have a little bit of trouble
might be like one of those nine to seven games
i don't think so i'll take some now
john casey maybe we can put john casey and he forget about john casey they got
uh... they got uh... rick durin they got the gym carry uh... gym carry as long as it's not
to play off and it doesn't count carry won't choke he'll be alright all right
we'll take it then uh... one thing i want to say is that all the time i've been
listened uh... radio here having you and phil on back to back is the best ever
yeah i mean it well you got about uh... five and a half weeks you better uh...
listen real hard i'm enjoying it i'm savoring it great
and uh... how about a crow
what do you want on it uh... must have
okay hang on put some salsa and lemon meringue on a guy's crow okay we got
though yeah we got two more of those we got Brian Adams we got this so huchi kuchi we
got kind of a uh... del meringue gay kind of a ld uh... lost all hopes uh... deonos uh
we got to shanguola's in the carnaval day lost salsa put your salsa on your meringue and uh...
we're showing our rights but we can't find a false w-i-o-d my army for the
lotterdale news talking entertainment radio six ten w-i-o-d
and then he is a duck
uh...
her breath smells like bio she's got a crust in her eye
she smells like a urinal that attracts lots of flies
when she sits on the porch she picks the scab underneath
her teeth are brown when she smiles she's a trailer trash woman for me
she has lies up above she's got crabs down beneath
i called a trailer and woked the family her father's her brother
her uncle's her gravity but i don't care she's the trailer trash woman
for me
oh
she never bays herself
she looks like a slough
her nose is running so slide
oh
her hairy gun hangs out
unbelievable
brachdom
she wipes her mouth on a shirt when she's eaten
she stings at the time of the month that she's bleeding
she has a hairier chest than blue from taxi
and i can't put this love on the shelf she's the trailer trash woman for me
girl you know i mean this one about on my heart no one is as special as you
to me that's why you are my trailer trash woman
indeed
oh gee now the other bit that's uh... got the good hum job on the end of it i'm
like this one twelve oh seven at w-i-d what's the other one called
almost a woman to me almost a wood like very good
very good in fact i might be inspired to play like a couple of bars of that
just to roof
and it doesn't sound like real off key and sound like the beginning of this one
and of course you know we could try to play them at the same time
oh i like that that's one of my all-time favorite one moment please
she's got really big
her friends smells like ice she's got crust in her eyes
it's really too bad as i can hear you
there's a crack lots of flies and you wouldn't know she's that
when she sits up on she thinks she's got underneath
she talks like a man by the breeze almost a woman
okay nice try hey listen we'll look at that perfect it will get it on
perfect if it takes till two o'clock so anyway we got trends coming out today
they're going to be really bad that's my prediction they're going to be like
just a fraction we're we may have a one-shear lift by the time we get out of
this joint but the good thing is we got to look forward to all that great new
equipment and being in our own building without a whole bunch of other
assholes running around it's going to be great for lucky year too
we think here's pepper pines hello yeah i knew yes sir uh my
heard you about ten thirty quarter to eleven say something about your waiting
for a fact for the differences of the sony and rc a dishes yeah you're
talking about it yesterday i went up to brands mart um
they're pushing the sony and apparently they don't have any of the rc a's
right now and i was kind of wondering the difference also basically the
guy says there is no difference but i don't know if he knows what he's talking
about yeah well it sounds sounds like you learned a lot well i'm telling you
tonight i tried to learn a lot but i didn't learn anything at all i'm
surprised that's what i mean and you're waiting this fact from i'm still
awaiting as of like from noon yesterday when i asked it's only 24 hours
later so the pony must be ill but somebody out there you think we know the
difference between the sony a dish and the rc a if they make even make the
rc any more and the pros can which is made by rc a
and what the difference is between how many sets you can look up and uh if
there's any difference in the picture gray anything you know right is it that
difficult a question i try to get the same thing from them yesterday and basically
saying that they're going to be you know they're the same just a different name on the dish
yeah and that's what they have to offer another than that if that's true then i
would stick with the sony because they got one hell of a low price on it thing now
right and that's what i think i'm going to go with and basically saying that the menu is
different on a sony it has a quicker menu and it has a quicker way to channel scan that's
what he was telling oh now i like that that's a one thing that frustrates me about that rc a dish
oh that would make it different oh boy that thing just uh i mean you can you can scan a real fast
once you get to the guide that it has a guide that you just touch up on your remote right and you
can scan that fast but it's just uh i don't know it just in other words you're going from a game
to a game or whatever you're saying that it's going to take a couple seconds for this and a couple
seconds for that well no because the game is like the baseball package they're all like right next to
each other you know so you just hop around from channel to channel the same with a hockey
same with the NBA same with a college football so i don't know but he said he said something about
the menu as far as the sony is concerned is obviously going to be quicker yeah and you know like
i said along with with that package i wanted to ask you you had he said you watched a lot of the
pens on kbl with mike lang last year right and that's what i'm definitely interested and i got
to get into the uh twenty first century yeah because this cable stinks amen well then i'm going
to give him a call i'll put it in all right now also by the way uh somebody just called to say that
the some of the world cup games are going to be on fx now fx i hate to break the news to some of
the people out there i don't know too many cable outfits that have fx on there unless i'm living
in the past do you have fx on your rakeable fx i don't believe so yeah which i do have fx on the
big dish at least one of them still in the clear but uh it is on a small dish right i'm going to go
with that and uh the guy was talking about lumiw earlier mario lumiw i just uh got back from
Pittsburgh the other day he was talking had a press conference about not planning the uh world cup
in the world cup right uh i do believe he's going to be back next year and they're going to try to
put up i guess a little bit on defense and hopefully we're going to be able to take it all the way
again yeah they got rid of zuboff they got hatching got rid of zuboff and they were not real happy
with zuboff's defensive play and uh well when i was up there in the salary yeah yeah they don't
want to pay and i also heard that uh well there was a couple other things that came out up there but
but you know interestingly enough a lot of people thought that uh reggaet was on a way because uh
it seems to me maybe maybe i'm a dreamer but i thought they just re-signed ken reggaet
they did they just signed him as a matter of fact i talked about fallen like 35 year season
ticking holder up there right and uh they all thought that he was going so now i don't know
i don't know what they're going to do with barato i think he's still going to be number one
apparently they're going to be able to keep them both and um another interesting thing uh he was
telling me my father and all they doubled the price of his tickets yeah he's up in the balcony
yeah so what he did is he moved over one section moved back one row and his tickets uh the ticket
price was cut in half beauty so uh well you know you got to pay everywhere if you want to see these
guys play the joggers the lamuse and so on and so forth you got to pay the nut you got to pay the
nut is exactly it better believe okay pal thanks me okay good luck okay there's a guy that's
trying to find out some information even he can't find out he actually got out of the house they
still can't find out what's going on open line and broward 5249463 it's 1213 to wild guy love this show
i'm up phone here now wet my poor i can't help it if you don't like it
oh a potload
windy buttloads so what's that thing away before i put it away for you damn it
rickinson 60 p.m. on news talk at entertainment radio 610 w.i.o.d where's my meat
well i bought some new potato chips because ain't got any fat but an hour after i did in the jama
sat i knew they had some side of fix but i thought i'd take a chance but right after i swallowed
them i felt my colon dance a o-lister my bowel began to seize now i'm in the canis grotten with my
pants around my knees a o-lister now i'm afraid to sneeze because of my feels something disgusting
running down my knees i'm gonna shoot a scene that morning that they put on the bag and i
should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag and with few weeks them don't be surprised
if your belly hurts and then about an hour you'll have the o-lister squirts a o-lister my bowels
began to seize now i'm in the canis grotten with my pants around my knees a o-lister now i'm afraid to sneeze
because of my feels something disgusting running down my knees so next time you're sitting on a can
and have real bad diarrhea ask yourself if there's a god okay it's 1218 and wnoes seriously that's
the easiest test okay the easiest limit test if there's this all powerful god couldn't you have
created some simpler more dignified cleaner or more san you know what san the process of elimination
is like another wicked game another evil trick that god played on us right what a sense of humor man
here's the real what roe palm beach hello hello Neil yes sir hi how you doing okay listen the other day
you're talking about piercing well i got a spy report i have a friend uh... has a friend in
san francisco you have a friend that has a friend yeah that does piercing for the stars yeah and he
has uh... he had Steve Young and Troy equipment had their helmet super bowl rings pierced on their lower
helmets how about that they had their super bowl rings pierced under lower you know i mean helmets uh...
the lower part of the uh... uh... if i could say it you know rectum rectum yeah Troy said it to make
some feel better uh... can end up the middle yeah you know cute anyway uh... can i uh... really call
no chance we have an open line on a green line one eight hundred nine four four with material like
that he's gonna ask for something get out of here one eight hundred nine four four w i d words twelve uh
okay let's go to my army hello hola hola how you doing how much time moving moving uh...
closer comes out i saw uh... on my cable they have the box i don't know if you heard that you order
videos and crap like that the box yeah and uh... the box the box the box the box the box the box
i know the box and i know which box you're talking about yeah and i saw a video yesterday for the
Luis Miguel see a different world do me all for uh... for the movie for yeah for the hunch the hunch
your back of uh... yeah uh... hunch back of you and the hunch back and uh... he needs to get him the
i can go a little bit yeah i heard he's uh... he's uh... bustin out all over yeah not that bad but you know
he's from the from the nipples down he's starting to get that middle-aged spread yeah
jeez when you want to know about the effects channel that we're talking about the foxes
affections fx yes right is it on your cable system yeah it's online but i'm in date though i'm not
what he but you got uh... tc uh... sucks oh yeah maybe maybe it is on everybody's not just never
paid any attention to what since i've had sort of like the basic one of the basic uh... services
yeah so you know and i'm gonna go back a month i'm sorry about this i'm apologizing beforehand
you're gonna go back what about a month we're talking about uh... the room service at the mgm grand
right fantastic oh it is fantastic they got five thousand rooms in a hotel and it's like 20 to 25
minutes at the most yep and the food is spectacular i've never never in my life anywhere in the world
had food in the hotel as good as the mgm grand i had the steak sandwich there right it was
sensational yeah the best i've ever had and my life had the bowl of the tortellini
c you mungus bowl yeah as you can even finish it all right so they give you the big one at the mgm
grand here the portions are gigantic too that's right yep yep fantastic outstanding let's go right now
uh... can i look for a city
well you know how fast he's segwayed because he thought my finger was on it yeah i thought you're gonna
come and lose there uh let's see if i got another one did i got another one right here i do
like that did you see the crow the original one the first one yes sir you're the one
what was it about that's like a cult classic there well they killed him and his and his girlfriend
and he supposedly came back from the dead to get revenge yeah for the for the murder
uh-huh and that's what the whole way about killing all the guys that uh killed his uh
woman so they must still have some more to kill yeah yeah i guess you've got finished
okay hang on all right thanks okay line three given the uh the given the bird we have an open
line on a purple line now which is a major miracle since we started given free crap away it seems
to have stimulated a whole lot of stuff here including a lot of people that don't want free crap
how do you like that mr expert up there and boi and beach how do you like them apples uh on
another wise pretty boring Tuesday we have an open line on i thought that the uh dolphin
exit but once we get the real season going once we get rid of how come they're playing the
abuckeneers twice in the exhibition season what is that all about if that we ever done that before
played the same team twice you only play for exhibition games why would you play the same
sticking especially a boring team like that twice probably because it's real close by over there
and it's not going to be real expensive to send to the troops over there and we're trying to save
money he must have put the fix in with the NFL God on a Friday night too no less huh
it's this Friday right this coming Friday all right the Tampa Bay Buccaneers boy do they suck and also
I heard that great American Drew Rosenhouse while they were kissing his ass last night saying that
the work putting any offer for Eric Brett and the dolphins may get Eric Brett that sounds okay to
me because there's a guy that can really run with a football not another one of these guys that
thinks he's a hot shot because his name is the same as some former superstar that wasn't that
1223 at W I O D let's talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D your
manage takes a snorter to after each game first there was buns of steel then came abs of steel
but they forgot about one important muscle now get ready for the most complete fitness video
uterus of steel that's right uterus of steel will buff up your birth canal and add volume to your
boba so if you want a washboard womb get uterus of steel get it today
so hockey fellows keeping a fax machine going and using up a lot of paper for which we're
very grateful by the way he says I'm assuming that the CBC will show tomorrow's hockey mat I don't
think so I haven't seen nothing on the schedule or any TV book it doesn't say nothing nowhere
the exhibition game if not it might be on sunshine or what liberty sports animals on the big dish
which some of us have and he says me the CBC schedule for the world cup the other
matches be covered by sunshine what liberty sports channels and also effects filled by the way
effects and and I'll put his music so let's see CBC's got 11 games that on his schedule and why
do they have military time they don't do military time in Canada they do it in Europe
they do it in a lot of places but not like him Canada why is it got like 20
20 hundred to 23 hundred eight o'clock to 11 o'clock that Thursday 29th a week from this Thursday
Canada against Russia in Vancouver I'm pretty sure that's the first game I've seen nothing
about no exhibition game being on there on the CBC on their promos and Saturday the 31st
Canada against the USA in Philadelphia and Sunday September one Canada against Lovaki in Ottawa
so in other words basically what this boils down to and I know the CBC is making a lot of cutbacks
because the government's real cheap and they don't have any money is that they're not doing
any of these European games so they're doing 11 games but they're all from Montreal not a one
fully and the Vancouver and the New York USA and Russia in New York Monday September two
okay here's a poppin O hello hello Neil yes sir yeah that guy I called earlier about a dog doing
on the carpet aren't you supposed to rub your nose in it yeah yours here's a South Miami hello that's
the same asshole South Miami hello uncle Neil how you doing okay uh you I'm a hurricane football
spy report uh huh they hired a new defensive coordinator today Johnny Connery yeah yeah nice going
to hear Mara but taking it down okay thank you here it is nice one Mar okay let's go to uh Miami
hello hello hello Neil yes sir do you want to hear a new uh Lisbon exclusive song do I want to hear what
a new Lisbon go exclusive song see yeah hold on do you got it oh yeah hold on here it is here I hear it
yes it is can I get a city for after that I Luis Miguel play it baby can I play like what do you want
uh city but which one the gun any crow crow crow's gone you got how about kiss that's okay yeah that's
good you're easy I mean okay you got it okay hang on why to give it to that holy okay give
me a kiss and a cd2 we have an open line at date 751 did you hear what I just said or not because I'm
not really sure like if we're in contact today or not line to that holy I'll give him kiss 7519463 751 so
we got hockey fill out there so I guess that's two of us me and hockey fill we got two hockey fans left
in his town until all the snowbirds come back and in the meantime well that all things what a game
last night you know yeah we're right I mean I'm hoping for the best I'm gonna be I'm not gonna be
real you know I'm not gonna be one of these judgmental guys that expects a super bowl the first year
even a second year but the third so Jimmy basically what it boils down to is we got three years I'm
not saying we got a win it but we got to get there okay if the Panthers could get to the Stanley
Cup finals in three years of existence the dolphins who've been around since the 60s you would think
that 30 years later we might have a chance to get back in there not necessarily win it okay and
everybody's always ripping the bills oh gee they lost all these super bowl but at least they're
getting there you know it's nice to get there because you can't win it unless you get there I
know that's a Starling concept but you can't win the stupid bowl unless you get in the game
here's the Margate hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay last night I went to the
exhibition game dolphins yes sir and I realized why I never go to any games and why is that
the first not only do they charge $35 ticket for an exhibition game right they charge $15 the park
three miles away I mean you can't even see the stadium where you come from
that must have been a nice walk to the car after the game in the pouring rain yeah I mean the rain
was coming down and I mean you took them out of way you want to save money if you can fund
I think every team you got it without parking I mean because $15 the park means the way out there
and you're walking by people and all you hear why you're walking to the stadium as people complaining
I mean I mean then all while you're walking there's scalpers who are trying to
scalp tickets for a pre-team game $10 over the amount you do understand the only reason they had
56,000 people there last night is because they got a captive audience because they they
coerced the season ticket holders to buy the tickets for these exhibition games so it's like
whether you wanted it or not you might as well go because you paid for it I just I couldn't believe
with all the I mean I kind of went because it wasn't on TV I mean I can't believe I can't
tell by the a preseason game yeah that really blows and then I'm driving home I'm I'm listening to
manage and he's talking about how people impressed him and then he said that Karina billed the
fool I'm impressed him I mean like he had eleven carries for 22 yards 11 carries 26 yards
26 yards that's just a little bit over two yards of carry that ain't got to cut at the NFL
that's that's impressive to him no and any uh... stuck to join out in the game last week too he
had like what 13 yards or something I don't know he hasn't shown me nothing yet I don't think he's
even close to the real the world where we need yeah he's not close to the real career mad
dual jibbar I think they ought to dump the name it's an embarrassment at this point
but I think I think spikes kind of impressed I mean breaking my attack or even all you
that one fumble but he did I did play well I mean he broke it two two runs to the
upper losses and he turns around and gets a little bit of a better you know what they say if
you can't beat the opposition beat your wife all right thanks me have a great day pal yeah glad he
had a good time okay he had a miserable time along with a lot of other people that got soaked but
hey the dolphins won and you see a walk away from an exhibition game and even when you win which we
did but uh... I don't know I mean winning is better than losing anytime you go to a game but uh...
you walk away with something like oh yeah we really kicked some ass you know it's not really
especially when you play a very marginal team like the Vikings who are still rebuilding
from uh... decimating their team thing well Jimmy did a job on him before so why not again right
oh Malcolm's uh got a grip on things today boy I'm telling you the tears are flowing the uh...
knees are jerkin the knees I said 1235 at w.w.w. what do we got left here we got these uh...
Julio nobody wants these damn things don't we have some Julio's out there they take this one just
for the picture on the cover huh look at the size of those melons carnival del marangue
los armanos rosario and a bunch of other spics and we got Brian Adams 18 till I die we got the
angels my boyfriends back a medley of their hit which is on their twice to fill up two cuts
the uh... shangrila's remember walking in the sand leader of the pack and uh... uh... 23 other cuts
that they never heard of before Leslie Gore 62 cuts on this it's a double it's a double dip
it's a double dip or two CDs for the price of none uh... it's my party judy's turned to cry
uh... she's a fool i'm going through here to find the ones that you've heard of before that are
really were hits if you're old enough uh... and that's it that's it out of 62 cuts those are the
only ones that i recognize there might be one or two others but who got time carnival del salsa
which nobody wants that nobody wants that great mestizo el tonganero which had that really really
a great uh... macaneta thing on it sucked sound like they were singing in a key too low during the
whole thing to rot to rot to rot to rot to you know i'm saying it just that blows and sting mercury
falling nobody wants to know more boy he sure fall out of good everybody's good grace huh
and gin blossoms anybody know the gin blossoms you do very mediocre oh like i said you're
real crappy they what they're very popular but they're very mediocre oh they suck but they're
popular well that sounds familiar the gin blossoms there you go containing follow your uh... follow
follow you down as long as it matters and uh... and how come they can't write the names on his label
here so you can read it is that like artsy fartsy the gin blossoms for congratulations i'm sorry
almost be a Canadian group yeah that's the new thing that's like the puke cam on tv i love the way
they do these things for other tv people like it impresses the public to do that puke cam honor
nobody in the audience out here how stoned they are nobody wants to watch the puke cam because first
of all if they're already stoned they're already puking their guts out in the room is spinning
and swimming they don't need that but for those of us who aren't or might not be or thinking about not
being uh... nobody wants to see that crap but somebody on the inside thought boy this is really clever
and eat it like at the end of the uh... each segment on the channel four news are they still doing that
when the camera kind of like pans back in the whole room start spinning around and and uh... and
there's head on what twelve thirty seven at w i d mic
used all kind entertainment radio six ten w i o d
gordon gives south florida a major blowjob
margarita
so i think there's the other day margarita
now i don't feel all that great
margarita
you
sound the next action cost dirty condition margarita
you
know i gotta go
all day
bad
margarita
i hate my fill and i hate my fill
margarita you
now i'm ill and i got the chill
margarita you
that she can fight against a media area
margarita you
oh no i gotta go
i face the starting to color a glog of molly
i got a rumba i gotta fever of a hundred and four
margarita you
now they close the doors to cleave
margarita you
stop by my thing margarita you
now margarita you
know i have a good condition margarita you
know i gotta go
margarita you
know i have a good condition margarita
i have a good condition margarita you
know i have a good condition margarita you
1244 wiod
it's a mobile implantation hello
hey how you doing Neil okay sir
hey first time caller long time listener uh...
yeah
just wanted to touch basically there i heard you talking about the uh...
digital satellite system
yes sir and uh... i'm a customer scholar of the unit
and uh... i can tell you some of the differences
uh... the sony is a little bit faster changing channels but not that much
it's not really enough to to really notice
okay uh... there are a couple units out there you know like the pros
can i don't know if you've seen that one yet
uh... it actually has a uh... channel modulator built into it where you can
watch uh... that particular receiver in other rooms along with regular cable
it actually creates its own channel
so that's uh... it's real good for people who are not by and more okay right
right now you can watch the uh... say it again
you can watch the uh... satellite you can watch a satellite receiver yeah in
all the rest of the house yeah on the regular tv's with regular cable
uh... on an upper channel like channel ninety four ninety five it actually
creates its own channel i got you
so regular cable goes up to sixty five uh... the pros can will create channel
ninety five and then you can watch it on the rest of the tv's in the house with
only one receiver hmm
we can still you watch one program at a time oh yeah and you can add a
yeah you can add as many receivers as you want right a people say all you can
only add to you can get the right switches in the right part telling all it
takes is money right
so you can put receiver on every tv in the house
right pro i know rc a makes pros can right
that's correct so the the original rc is that like history now
uh... now they have a second generation that's out now in fact there they had a
rebate going it's extended through the twenty fifth of this month
and uh... that that is still current
far as i know they're telling us that they're they're just back orders you know
okay but what's what's the difference between the second generation just
effect you can add more sets uh... now it has a different user uh... graphics
as far as the menu uh... different fittings on it it has capability to run your
vcr uh... it'll do one time recording where when you push uh... a button it'll
actually turn your vcr on started recording uh... change channel for you
stuff like that just like that the vcr plus works on a vcr with a cable
box right the satellite dish will work the vcr great on on the upper unit the
so when the dot check that out
uh... that's on the that's on the second generation right the more expensive
model right and the pros can have all that built-in plus the the pros can comes
with a uh...
a infrared repeater system that plugs directly into the back of the unit where
you can change channels from another
right both all built-in included in that that is why you get you're getting the
different kind of remote exactly you get a second remote
and then you can take that remote and leave it in the other room right with the
channel modulator that's creating that new channel then wherever room you're in
you can change the the channel on satellite dish even though you're not the same
room right
so it's good the uh... there's a lot of new ones coming out here in the next few
months they're introducing a lot of the different companies the sound song and
all the other brands are going to be coming out soon
and uh... it's you know it's really the way of the future plus i don't know if you
know going on now if the people buy a new unit they get the nfl ticket you know
for uh...
yeah mention the yesterday brand that's uh... in all the ads
yeah i think i bought some till the i think it's important for the people are
very confused because the uh... once you're talking about now uh... are all
connected with direct tv and u s s b in other words those all get the same
programming that's correct however the things like uh... dish tv which had that
big at a few weeks ago the dish network the dish network that's a whole different
ballgame that's got different programming it doesn't have direct tv doesn't have
usb at the moment it doesn't have uh... the uh... they're not going to have the
football package this year right and so people got to be alert to that because
you know they're getting and of course you also have to pay the three hundred
dollar annual thing up front right along with the charge of the uh... plus you
don't own it well that's what is bringing down the price that's why they can
advertise the cheap price they're getting you to sign up the the programming for
three years or year whatever the the package is right and uh... you have to pay
that that subsidize some of the price kind of like what's the phone to right
so but that that's really the package is the programming is limited on the
dish network to where uh... like you used to mention they don't have the sport they
don't have a lot of the other programming they call it their top forty well you know
they are launching uh... i think two new uh... satellites in september
yes well there's one common within the next thirty days i believe you know right
and the other i don't know how soon that'll be to follow but sure to be with the next
few months and that gives a more channel capability and and what not but still it's
matter of the programming and it's pretty much direct tv and u-s-f-c-c-c
because they were the originators they've got all the contracts and i've got all
that stuff locked up right you know of course you know all it takes money
and anybody can get anything but uh... well if you buy if you buy the Sony or the
approach can or the rc-a-you've got a capacity for a thousand channels on here so
no matter what they add on here because they're also putting new birds up there
so no matter what they had an isn't it two more they're putting up
uh... there yeah they're at stuff all the time i know they just added the
i don't know how many of you have up there now three or four i don't know
i don't know but i think they're putting two more yeah they're all they're all
adding they're all adding channels eventually it's going to be you know the
five hundred that they've always talked about uh... just gonna take time
take time but the originators of it you know the the uh... g-e-u-g-m-u is all the
uh... the different uh... companies that are involved uh... you know they're the
big ones they got the money so they're going to do it they're going to be it
okay all right thanks a lot appreciate okay
so you know i took two days of a bang in a way and screaming in the only got a
that knows what he's talking about thank you profusely pal we have an open
line in date seven five one one on a purple line mobile one cell eighteen to
wireless pound iod and two and brown word five two four nine four six three five
two four w-i-o-d those trends should be off-loading off the uh... things
starting about one o'clock they should be downloading and i think they
better make a lot of room down in the uh... men's room down here because it's
gonna be a lot of downloading going on down here once those numbers come out
twelve fifty a w-i-o-d
he's got a hunts called the f-b-i
everything seemed to point to big sky how could a Harvard grad be so
act i guess from livin and a ten but twelve shak
teddy teddy cousins geeking of the wild frontier
he'll go to prison for life plus ten probably read the bible and confess his
sins but no one our system and our land delivery tea you'll get johnny
cockin' and he walks got free teddy
that is and skicking of the wild frontier
so anyway i'm watching young and horny during the commercial break what
amazing timing i think they knew that i we were gonna have our break at that time
did they call you early to find out what our log schedule was
and so uh... victor is sitting there at the desk with a wrinkle about push and
nick walks in and says i want to go to cope and hang in with niel
dad
sounds good to me
but i'll tell you call up a robin the jeweler keltz even get a good price
twelve fifty five at w-i-o-d here's my amy hello
and you sir
great uh... if you were just get having about enough with a macarena
that's the day you have there for the tongue on a
c that is a dance that is replacing the macarena
i vee
ill tongue on a you got it that is the uh... the new dance craze that is coming
from uh... latin america well maybe we can preview it now it's on here
as you would expect because it's an idea of okay i also uh... something else
regarding the uh... cable companies in the dish
i've been trying to get the small dish i live in a condominium association
no jesus it's a townhouse yeah
well it happens now that the association does not allow they consider this
small dish a modification of the exterior of the unit all blowing out the
right so that i don't allow it now t-c-i of south-day
i mean that being a my house already more
more times than i actually spend on my own house yeah they're threatening well if
you don't connect your cable now we're going to really disconnect it from the
ground and it's going to cost you more money or when you finally decide to put it
on the look i'll help you remove the box yeah i'd rather have the rabbit
ears which i have now right better than your stupid cable
okay i i'll tell you i'm trying to to find out if they're
if they're what they're in bed together with the association or what the deal
is because i see other condominium associations in kendo that allow this
small dish yeah these people will not have already checked and jumped up and down
and complained to everyone involved they will not allow it if i put it they'll
slap me with a lean against the unit and meanwhile t-c-i cable
they're running the whole show i think they're running by their
sounds like a little incestuous relationship to me they require a good lawyer
sticking his nose into it and threaten to lost something if i had the money
i would definitely follow lawsuit because i really think that there's
something more there that meets the uh yeah
uh i mean and especially now i mean it's like every day i get a new flyer stuck
to the door uh this is your last chance i mean this is your last opportunity
yeah come to get your absolute positively last chance right
yes i had two two asses there okay i told her look i'll help i get my own pool
box and help her remove that box okay just so i don't see you guys here anymore
okay so but well hey i wish i could have the dish but for now i'm stuck with the
rabbit ears get yourself a lawyer pal uh i will okay Neil okay thanks a lot good luck bye
so sure and son there with their boobs hanging out yeah i noticed you were grabbing at the
tv set for that you don't like your pose just uh doing the bra effect there yeah a little
left and stuff it's really interesting because her right one is like one shape you notice that
hefty lefty lighty righty and the exactly know the other way around the left one is like kind
of bent out of shape if i can say that here we go forget the macarena maybe that's yesterday's
whoa Jesus here we go get those arms up in here come on up above the table at least
start laughing them like a bird
i'll panganero i bet you're doing it on south-each right now if you can get off the ground
so
by the way that whole day that was on earlier and i would give it to give me a kiss cd i
guess he didn't want to he he jumped up he jumped up the phone man so i guess he didn't want to kiss
from up on here
yeah
I'm going to be doing this in Jackie Stereo.
I'm going to be doing this in Jackie Stereo.
I'm going to be doing this in Jackie Stereo.
You know, I'll tell you, it may not be the greatest thing in the world, but as sure as hell
as better than the stupid mockarena.
Right?
Okay, when we come back after the news, suicide, the numbers are going to start puking out
off of there.
You better strap yourself in right now.
Say it like this.
610 W.I.D.
Man, Fort Lauderdale.
News call and entertainment radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
For one, two hours.
Satellite on CBS.
Eat if is back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
All rookie depth.
If it ain't Tom, Jell-A-We.
No, Daddy, don't be such a cool.
What's he?
Now, whatever happened to my little girl?
Look at this.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe you have a salad once in a while?
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
Again with the charity Spirasi.
Well, it's true.
So, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
I'm butterball.
I call him a spicy.
I'm fed.
He's a tight-chotchy who's pushing up days, he's buying.
Oh, now watching.
The last episode was all a bad dream.
It seemed so bad to me.
Look, who was your back, Dad?
He did push the dead off.
He can give me an added beer.
No, I'll try.
That's 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Car Respondent School,
where you can learn auto mechanics, gun repair, back to the...
I will sell more people.
106 and WID, for the guy that wants to hear Hooker Bitch Barbie,
I got a real good suggestion, okay?
Call me back September 30th when we have this place organized.
It's just, they don't understand, they don't get it.
We just have chaos.
We just have mass chaos.
We got crap at a box, crap on the floor, crap at a bag.
Crap.
In your rectum.
And everywhere else you can put your finger, okay?
It's just all over the place.
So how am I going to find it?
To open line.
Well, why don't you organize it and put it here right?
Two open lines and days.
7519-463-751-WID, and we have a pair in the Broward.
Look at this, how there be sponsors dropping off
as we get fewer and fewer of things here left.
How do you like that?
What did I tell you about Sting?
Nobody has, there's no interest.
Mercury is falling and so is his career evidently.
Nobody wants to sting CD.
That's a pretty stinging commentary to me.
Nobody wants to gin blossoms because George said they suck
even though they're very popular.
Certainly nobody wants less legal or a double CD.
62 cuts.
62 cuts.
Well, give it to you, please.
Nobody wants to shank, we're lost.
I can understand that.
Certainly nobody wants the angels.
Nobody wants Brian Adams.
What's wrong with, okay?
And one of the cuts is I want to be your underwear.
And please keep the stains in the front.
And Carnival de Marangi and the other,
nobody wants the Julio stuff.
Okay, that's all right.
If you want to play hard to get, that's fine with us.
How about if we put a $10 bill inside?
How about if the sisters put a million dollars in cash
in the envelope?
Here's Miami, hello.
Sounds good to me.
Okay.
How you doing, yeah?
Great.
I want to thank you very, very much.
I want to thank you guys who drive for living here in Miami.
Oh my god.
Are you a man?
Oh boy.
You make it very enjoyable.
I don't know how you can do it, man.
I'm serious.
I don't know how you do it.
Well, because of you, people look at me
and they think I'm crazy when I'm laughing.
You know, they say this guy by himself is laughing so much.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I wanted to clear something out there
about the cigars.
Do you want, are you listening to me?
Yes, I'm here.
I'm right here.
I'm just in a coma.
I'm right here.
Well, you and Joshua talk about the chevory
and what's the other one, the casique?
Right.
Okay, chevory means great and it's big.
Yeah.
It means great.
A casique means Indian chief.
That's a casique.
Indian chief.
Exactly.
A casique is an Indian chief.
Yeah.
You can ask anybody that I know Spanish, you know,
that I'm right.
Except George, of course, only knows like all the swear words.
Neil.
Yes?
I'm a very shy guy, but I like to have two shambles request.
Well, I don't kiss on the first date.
Okay, what is it?
I have two shambles request.
Yes?
Last Monday, not yesterday, but last Monday,
you played a card of an oriental guy.
I wanted to buy a restaurant.
Oh, it's easy.
It was the funniest thing ever.
Oh, okay.
Please, Neil.
I have another one.
It was the racist card that there is an orthodox Jew.
An orthodox Jew, and you also have the Irish guy.
An orthodox Jew and an Irish guy.
Yeah, the Irish guy.
And what are they talking about?
They're talking about what?
That the orthodox Jews talking about.
I went out with a girl.
She was a Jew here.
You know what?
Shape like the star of David?
You don't remember?
No.
Any of that is George.
No, you played it a couple of times.
Okay.
It's really, really funny.
Do we have the Irish guy that comes afterwards?
Oh.
The Irish guy comes afterwards?
Yeah, I started talking about that.
Okay.
Can you play the one from the oriental guy?
Okay.
Be happy with that one.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Have a great life.
You too.
Okay.
All of a sudden, man, my head is swimming.
It's spinning like a cradle.
Okay.
The restaurant.
Chinese restaurant.
We've only heard that 400 times, but it's okay.
Sounds really desperate.
The Jewish guy and the Irish, the priest.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to bring to your attention, if anyone lets you know today.
But Clintons endorsing plans for some NASA people to go to Mars over in the next
like 15, 20 years here.
Yeah.
They don't open anyone, bother it up to your attention today.
No, they did not, but I understand that the rumor is Pat, you can and Bob Dornin are going to be on the ship.
They're going to be the first ones to go.
Hopefully.
Sounds good to me.
Another thing.
Also, Archbishop O'Connor from New York.
He's going to be on there.
Yeah.
You wish.
He's out of this world.
Another thing.
I don't know, just a little gear.
Here, your power and the Ralph Reed.
They're going to be on it.
But anyway, go ahead.
Yeah.
Did you hear about this gorilla?
Some kids fell into a gorilla fit in Chicago.
I saw 45,000 times over the weekend, just like you did.
All right, you'll have about a seamless request.
Did you hear about Jimmy the gorilla?
Yeah.
Dead.
About Jimmy.
Dead.
Lot of gorilla news over the weekend, huh?
They made a big McGillah over the weekend.
He talked about it over the phone.
Yeah.
On the Phil Henry show.
Right.
Yeah, can I get a seamless request?
Well, I'm they're backing up now, whatever you want, pal.
Can I get the Boca song?
Boca.
Thank God there's one I can find.
Thank you so much.
No problem.
I'm ready to.
Oh, finally, something I know where it is.
Oh, this thing with these CDs, with these discs.
What date is it today?
October, September, J.A.
What is it?
In Edo.
Oh, man.
Also, we got this kiss.
It's a George said it's pretty crappy because it's all live.
But it does include a bonus interview with J. Leno, which I should have told that out,
because now nobody will want it.
J. Leno, I'm sorry.
What a beside the chin.
What's the dealer, huh?
Besides the gray here in the chin.
Please, somebody tell me.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524WYOD, and a pair on the green lines as they
run out of inners.
Okay?
1-800-944-9463.
You got to be losing those green lines pretty soon, by the way.
That's the rumor we just started.
At least that's the game plan that we had.
But then, of course, there was a little problem into a little flying appointment.
12 minutes after 1-WYOD.
This is Rick Riley.
And with the sudden's call, man, I do the morning show.
But I haven't home.
I listen to the Phil Henry show.
2-6, and they have to do it on 610-WIOD.
Celebrity voice impersonated.
Phil Henry, 2-6-VM on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610-WYOD.
Hello, sir.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I couldn't find out that you were trying to find out.
Yeah.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Where's our name?
Patrick.
Patrick?
Yeah.
So, I suppose I talk to someone named Fu.
Who?
Fu.
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello?
What's up?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Hello?
Yeah, hello?
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
Uh-huh.
How much you want for the restaurant?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
Huh?
What?
How much is it?
Two Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you can go to the boss.
Go to the boss?
Two people.
You can go to the boss.
Huh?
Go.
Two people?
Okay, how about I get all the girls to go to the boss?
I can't get up and look at the boss.
Okay.
Okay, what's your heart?
Uh-huh.
You know, you know, you need to go to the boss.
Go to the boss.
I need to go to the boss.
OK, I'll be right there.
OK.
I'll be right there.
OK.
I'll be right there.
I'll be right there.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
One seventeen at WIOD.
I'm a sucker around for that nice thing, CD.
Sucker around, sucker around, sucker around.
Yeah, I ain't very big.
I ain't very beefy.
I'm sucker around, sucker around, sucker around.
But if you give me that CD, I promise that I will.
Well, maybe.
Well, I'll put it around for that great thing.
3D sucker, I'll put it around, I'll put it around.
Oh, we love you Panthers.
So, yes, we do.
Yeah, well, I'm glad he hung up before I could.
It's one eighteen at WIOD.
By the way, he did say sucker around each and every time.
It wasn't always real clear, but I just want you to understand that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, at least he brought him in so they can't be that bad.
But guess what?
OK, we got some numbers for you here.
And I think they're going to be really weak.
Let me take a peek, huh?
Let me take a peek.
No, they're not.
They actually went up a little bit.
How about that happened?
What the hell could that have been?
What's the been here in summers?
OK, we went from 051 to 053, which is, you know,
nothing to write home about.
What is that?
Oh, that's midday.
515-53554, which means we're doing close to a 6.
We're right up there around a 6.
What's wrong with that, huh?
Oh, there you go.
So, and that's not too bad.
Not great, but considering the previous two months,
we must add a pretty good July, huh?
We had a good July.
All right.
How about the rest of the day?
OK, Rick, see Rick's not in town, so we don't have to worry about him getting all bent out of shape.
How about Phil Henry?
He's leaving, but he ain't leaving for like a month and a half.
So, let's see.
Three, one, two, four, four, point.
Oh, wow.
Woo-hoo, heavy duty.
Phil Henry went zooming up there, and of course, he's leaving.
I think these things must be fixed.
Well, that's the biggest trend Phil has had in ages.
Can you believe that or what?
A three, one, two, four, point, zero.
Unbelievable.
And 6 to 10 a.m. let's see.
2554, 22.
I guess that number, just you get hung up on it.
You know what I'm saying?
222, it's still the same.
So, there's some numbers for you, some interesting numbers.
Uh-huh.
OK, so it feels like making a nice big comeback here just in time to be saying goodbye.
Nice going, smart ass.
Oh, I was supposed to play this.
Oh, there's a model, there's a place.
I know, all the wealthy people go.
It's where royalty play follow.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
A down where he goes on never small.
A down where they say, help troll.
And every corner has a wall.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
I spend 10 grand on golf course fees.
I spend the day in Jewish bakeries.
You should taste these delicacies.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
So please excuse our added foods.
And our BMWs, we find pleasure in being rude.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
Gucci, belt and Rolex watches.
White shoes make us so obnoxious.
If you're clean, let you touch us.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
We really don't care what you think.
You see how a dude who doesn't stink.
There's no coffee, only mocha.
And that's what I like about Vilca.
Yes, that's what I like about Vilca.
I noticed QAM had a 2-5 at the morning
up from a 2-4.
They're like inching very, very slowly.
In other words, if they can keep that worst-team money
for another 10 years, they might make it to a 3.
But they still be Rick and Spud there.
It's a good thing those guys are out of town.
2-5 to a 2-2.
Don't be ripping him next Monday when he comes back
and start with a 2-2 crap.
He'll start crying right on the air.
But anyways, so we did okay.
And filled the pre-damed good.
How do you like that for a guy who's leaving?
I have a feeling it's that sympathy vote.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Are you positive?
122 at WIOD.
News talk.
An entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
126 at WIOD.
The coast in the morning.
In the morning, drive dropped from a what?
Is it 4-7 or 4-3?
Must be Johnny Dolan.
Don't tell me the audience can't stand Johnny either.
Howard had a gigantic trendy one from a 6.0.
It was 6.5.
I think that's his big number so far in 2554s.
Number two though, a distance second to radio Amor.
With a 9.0.
They're just killing everybody with that Ho Chi Koo Chi and at the crap.
And the hot bounce back a little bit.
5.5 to a 5.8.
That's bad news.
Zeta 5.0 to a 5.2 in the morning.
2554 is that is this it?
That's all I'm going to get.
I guess maybe I don't know.
Maybe the donkey died.
Maybe Nickle passed out of the carpet.
I don't have no idea.
We'd like to see the men.
We'd like to see 18 to 34.
We'd like to see a little bit more than just this.
We'd like to see some other stuff.
Man, so we can kill some good time with it.
And by the way, in the afternoon 2554,
how the hell did the Hummer do?
I don't think too good.
I don't think too good in the afternoon.
I think that was an aberration at last one.
Make no mistake about that.
Phil had a four and the Humper had a 2.4.
That's almost like double.
Here's Mimey Beach on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Yes, with these deplorable plane crashes,
it's a miracle that more people weren't hurt or killed on the ground.
Yeah, but let me say something.
Let me say Phil, we're going to miss you buddy.
We'll take Neil, you're the best.
Florida boys' first meeting.
Okay, here's the plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Hello.
Hey, listen, I want to ask you about this Drew Rose in house.
How come all these sports announcers stuck up to this guy?
Like, he's some type of a god.
He's the hell out of me, man.
They had, they were massaging every part of his body last night
before the game.
I was reviled and nauseated.
And it was at that point I said to myself,
if I see none of this game, it'll be way too much.
I mean, you're right.
They get them on there.
They don't ask him one tough question.
Like they bow down to it.
Right.
You know?
And when you come right down to it, what do they need him for?
What are the sports writers and broadcasters need him for?
They need a motor mouth that never shuts off.
Right.
And the way he talks, you think he runs the whole team.
He's going out of a wild Jimmy.
He's such a great guy to deal with.
And he knows numbers.
He knows how to make a deal.
And he's much better than Shuler was.
And this one's going here.
And wait till you see this one's coming back.
Eric Green is going to have him back here.
And I mean, you think this guy runs the whole damn league?
I know.
I think he's on the double league.
Greg and about.
I mean, he got about a third of the players on the contract.
Yeah.
And I guess evidently he does, you know?
But I mean, the guy drives him out.
Including just Bernie Brown, by the way, Mr. Toast.
He went on a length of the year.
I'm about how bad JB felt because he was on a second string.
And he's played more games.
He started more games than he dolphin, except Moreno.
And all of a sudden, they're booger.
He sucks.
You know, get rid of him.
We don't care how many games he started.
He blows.
Let me ask you.
Did you in hockey, Newt?
Did you read this, what's his name?
Stan Fistler's article about he think that the Panthers
will end up the door mat in the Atlantic division?
No, I did not.
Is that in the new one?
See, what's on here?
August 31st.
No, it didn't get that yet.
Yeah, he does.
What's his name?
Stan Fistler.
He says that Panthers could be the Atlantic door mat.
Yeah.
In other words, Joe, what he describes like Joe Vanowski
and Beamer and McLean are all going to fall apart, you know?
And they'll probably end up in the last.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
No chance.
No chance.
Yeah, the Beamer.
Yeah, it's it.
I think somebody needs to put Stan Fistler on the Beamer
and be him up with Scotty, Mac.
Yeah, it's just a short article.
But you know.
Screw him.
Screw him.
He's just another star push from New York.
And I think the dolphins, I think they're playing Tampa Bay twice
so they can build up their ego when they go into regular season.
You know, they'll be a big build up.
They'll have a couple of wins there.
They just, they just barely pulled that first one out.
And that was at home.
They barely pulled it out.
Yeah.
Any chance getting a CD?
Which one?
Kiss.
Kiss.
Okay, you got it.
Okay, thank you.
Take care.
Okay, line four and he owes that Julio a kiss too
because he didn't take it before.
He hung up.
He didn't want that.
He wanted the crow.
You want crow or you want kiss.
You want kiss or you want this.
So here's the numbers.
And at least we're still hanging in there until a big transition
until something starts happening around here.
We're just hanging in there by our thumbnails
with about a six years.
That too shabby.
I don't think so.
I don't think so when you come right down to what we're doing
somewhere between a five, six and a six year in midday, 2554
with absolutely total indifference without any kind of assistance,
without any kind of interest, even without the marquee on there
for the illegal aliens on 79th Street.
Here's a nice trend, Andy.
Four point.
Oh, what?
If you'll add a four point on a trend,
it's an sizable from a three one to a four.
And slap the crap out of the hammer.
Slap the humper's butt.
Slap them right in the rectum.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good.
And I don't want to slap the hummer's butt.
Thank you.
No, I'll pass.
I know you're going to say that it's things, but I've got primes.
But the hummer's butt stinks.
That's what I would imagine.
I've got prime star because that's what my building has.
Oh, yeah.
That's a cable rip off.
Well, but the only thing good about it is,
as opposed to cables, I get the NHL package and everything,
which I couldn't get with cable.
Yeah, like I said, it's better than just having the cable.
Right, exactly.
I'm stuck with it, and it's better than nothing.
So how does that work?
I mean, the whole building has got it, and you can...
I think it's got instead of their cable, in other words,
but then you can buy the options independently,
like the NHL, you know, like...
Oh, you can do that.
Yeah, sure.
You can buy that.
You can buy the, you know, the...
Any of the sports packages separately.
But wait a minute.
Does everybody have to have their own box?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We all have our own box.
Huh.
They just use, like I guess, you know,
there's like a bunch of little dishes.
I think there's like six of them on the roof.
So I guess whoever, you know, each one has
feeds certain parts of the building.
Well, it's nice to see the cable people are like, you know,
just hanging on by their thumbs, too.
Well, I'll tell you, the cable part is horrible.
I mean, it's worse than cable, as far as the stations you get,
but I mean, at least I do get the sports stuff.
Yeah.
But in the meantime, as far as these games go,
you've been asking somebody to tell you, I think what it is.
Like, for instance, this game tomorrow night,
I'm getting it on pass, you know, from Detroit.
Right.
So at the time of the 20, on the DSS, on Direct TV.
Well, on me, it's like Channel 46 or something.
Okay.
Or S321 on your big dish, right?
But in the meantime, I don't get it on anything else.
It looks like tomorrow night.
No, no, no.
What time is it listed?
It says 730.
Right.
Right.
So I mean, we're still is going to be on tape.
But I don't think it's going to be on sunshine.
So I mean, I don't know what people do if they don't have, you know,
something that gives you the like pass, or, you know,
maybe it's on FX.
I don't know.
I get FX and it's not.
I don't see it on there.
No, but I have seen FX running promos that they're going to be carrying these games.
But this one, I don't know.
I know that in the on the big dish, it's got tomorrow night's game listed on every
prime network on every, I mean, all over the place.
That's how most of the other games are.
Right.
Up for tomorrow night.
In other words, all the rest of these games, it's only every prime network.
You know, it's on Madison Square Garden.
Right.
You know, it's on everything.
Sunshine.
What is sunshine?
Oh my god, they got the governor picking his nose tomorrow for two of us.
Probably a bass fishing or something.
Yeah, that's right.
I think tomorrow's bass fishing that I'm sunshine.
We're fishing for bass and his nose.
Yeah.
Something like that anyway.
But anyway, tomorrow it says it's on pass.
So at least I hope I'm getting it anyway.
Because I'm still hot.
I need my hockey.
May man.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, he's got any more CDs.
Yeah.
You don't have the cranberry still do you?
No, I sure don't.
Oh, well, you forget it.
Do you have any hands?
I got you on back.
I got you on back.
I'm hanging there, pal.
I can walk you away.
Okay.
We have an open line at day.
Can I have a hand?
We haven't had too many women today.
I want to thought some holiets would have called in for some of that meringuey and salsa
crap, but they're now listening there busy with the radio, amor and radio, or romance.
See, that's the problem in this town.
We'd have a gigantic number on a show and on this station.
If we could just get some of those holiets listened to them, but hey, we got none of the holiots,
we got none of the holiets, they're all sitting there listening to a huchi kuchi.
And maybe a little Luis.
Yeah, I guarantee if we were given away like 10 copies of the new Luis Miguel album all of a sudden they would come out of the woodwork like oh my god
They just found us and we still don't have that over here
And I am so parked off at our friends at wheelatina
Which the thing evidently came out on Friday and here it is Tuesday and we still haven't got it yet. How do you like that?
I don't here's Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
I'm quite a small dish. Yeah, I'm sure you probably mentioned but can you get a different reception in a different room
Did everybody have to watch the same thing? Yeah, if you get a different receiver you have to have a second receiver
How much is that gonna cost about 300?
So it's what five for the first one and three for the second depending on which one you get the Sony. I think it's 488 now
And so I guess there are two thirds more again another room. Yeah, to get a second receiver
I have a Delcia cable now, right? Oh, it's not too bad. It's not like
What everybody complains about TCI you have a good cable? I
Guess it's the best one out there not continental don't ever move just hang on to it tight
Also do you anything about installation of the big dish?
Because my parents have one and I think that actuator like crap down. Yeah, all you want to call Mohammed is that it?
Well, he's the guy to talk to he deals with a big dish. Yeah
You guys number hang on oh, I also yes, so get that Jim Blossom got which one?
Oh the gin blossoms. Yeah, you actually want the gin blossoms new album. Yeah, it's yeah, congratulations. I'm sorry
Yeah, I love it. All right hang on. Thank you. Okay, line two given the number given the CD and give them other time of day
So I guess that's all nickels bringing in here is this so that's all we're getting this time is just this
Where's all the rest of the numbers man? I want to see the men. I want to see the good men
Oh, man, I can't believe this is all we're getting for right now. Let's come on
Let's go with the men numbers. Let's go with something man. Let's get something going on here
I want to find out what the lay of the land is here
So I can get really sick before I go to the doctor 135 at W I O D
Use talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D it's me again
Dush when you're done are you searching for a new sensation in dining if you're tired of that same old bump and grind
Then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y
That's right folks because here at the Y we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering buffet
And you've never seen us spread like this one featuring some of the most delicious entrees
You've ever tasted and if you like eating Mexican you'll love the Y because every night is taco night
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game our chefs prepare a lip-spacking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust
That's right
It's all here literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy steaks cooked medium rare
Because when you eat at the Y all the meat is pink in the middle or if you like spicy food
Here's an unusual on trade a red hot-cage and mule steak
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes
It's let's back in good to you. What what am I?
Oh the next time you eat out slide on down to the Y
Oh
141 at WID you know sometimes I open up these CDs just out of curiosity some of these sampler things
Because they sound interesting they sound like
Bizarre as in like what the hell is this in other words here's one
It's a polygram sampler and is taken from a bunch of original discs and hits
But it's like redone remixed re
Sounds the same to me
Don't it
Okay, let's have one for all the fags out there we go down a summer
Dance
All sounds the same to me cranberries on this one too
And Kathy Dennis and Jimmy Cliff and Rob Stewart and Eric Laptop
And Johnny Gill
And Humble Pine Jr. Walking Jr. Walker any all stars you got to be kidding me are you uh?
Unbelievable
Oh and you'll never guess what's on this which I'm not giving this to anybody
How many times have we lost this how many times have the gate priest had lunch together
Trying to make a living and do it best out here
Oh
Okay, so there's one for me I'm popping that in my box and taking it home
It's 143 at WID. There's a lady mobile implantation on her dime. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? How are you great?
Listen, I was holding and then he gave the gym boss some the CDL
Well, that's the way it goes. You got to be quick. What a pisser. Yeah, what a piece of crap
Do you believe it? I can't say that but anyway that was truly all my material. I apologize for that
What was the other CD you had?
What do you mean the other I got Brian Adams 18 till I die no, I don't like him
I got the other one right before gin blossom. You said two of them
I got the angels the Shangri-La's I got Leslie Gore. I got that spick stuff and that's all I got I did
That's it wow I got a Motown thing here, which is pretty crappy. It's called the the sound of young Americans got
The Marvolettes and the love child by the
Supremes
No, it's got a bunch of pretty marginal crap to be honest with it. Yeah, it's garbage. It's crap
We don't got nothing you want
Pretty good. I met them. Yeah, they were kind of nice. Well, I'll be damned this last guy got
He got Mohammed energy in blossoms at the same price. Do you believe it? Yes, I do. I can't say about that
Congratulations on your numbers. Thanks. Dad your dish bag. Thanks for waiting
She's on her dime and we give the thing away and she didn't hang up. How do you like that?
Here's 18 to 34 now here comes the real interesting thing
Let's see a podcast. Don't know if it's hanging on there in the morning on Zeta and yeah, oh Jesus what what are they doing over there on Zeta
Paxen corporate packs whatever it is packs and communications a ten point
Oh in the morning in 18 to 34
Of course, we had hired them that on Zeta 18 to 34 back in a good old days
But hey, you know, they're doing the best they can number one by a mile
Guess who's number two 18 to 34 in the morning
Radio something power 8.4
But that's all those girls
What do you mean teenage girls and guys
Spicks
Well, you don't think they have any Holy old guys listening to power 96. You're very cute
You're a dream and one ratio two to one ratio of what that we have more
Big look at that Howard with an 8.2 in the morning, but losing by two points to castron over in their target demographic of 18 to 34
So they're just gonna have to say hey, we really want 25 54 because that's where they're going up and edr and while in this one and that one
Course Rick and suds 18 to 34 got a one five. There's a little bit of a comeback. There's a story. There's a story one two to one five
How are we doing 18 to 34 which every now and then we have a gigantic
You know, we get a lucky and get a few diaries not this time three nine up to a four two
Pretty week
How about Phil I wouldn't be surprised 18 to 34 in the summertime all those punks out there. I bet she's got a 20 share
Like I said, where is it?
Where the hell is the W1 with you in the afternoon? I don't see it there at two five to what three five whoa
Smoking he's smoking it
And nighttime they're in summer show 18 to 34 you think that all those over-sex hot testosterone guys would be tuning there at night
With their hand on a stick shift just waiting for the big one to pop
One five to a two point oh there you go
So Phil Henry is on the on the way to a wreck. I wouldn't be surprised when the summer book comes out Phil winds up with a 10 share
Just as his parting
fart to south Florida just just to kind of fart in your face on a way out to say see how great I was new people didn't even realize it
Now it's too late too late now to start sucking up. I'm gone
I'm going for the big time and how come it's such a secret what station you're going to win everybody already knows it
Oh, I don't know
Oh, no seriously, I heard you tell one guy last week about
You know, they don't want the competitors to know and this and that and from what is that you just more spoke
I didn't want me saying the air shift, but I can say oh you can say KFI
Okay, yeah, that's the big one out there baby make no mistake about it
Don't be confused with K ABC, which will put you into a coma and unless you're in the right part of town
All you get is a super head of nine one on your radio anyway on seven. What is it seven?
What is that 79? Yeah 79
And the only reason they're on 79 is they wanted to be close to 77 it's that ABC thing again. You know they're their psychotic
Okay, where we going to a mobile in derail hello, male. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
You're talking about the small dish the little one. Yeah, the little one. Well, I got it and it came about us
As a result of my divorce he kept the cable. I got the dish good for you. Yeah, but it's interesting
He got the dish and ditched the bitch. I like it. Oh, well, you know something like that. Uh-huh and
basically
TCI keep sending the
Little bro short seven dollars off for cable installation. Yeah, or so I keep sending it back with written across from it
I got the dish and I like it beautiful. There you go. Uh shameless request. Yes, something from the godfather, please
Like what I don't know the music something. I mean that type of mood. Oh, I got I got what you want
Oh, here you go. Okay, see ya
I'm saying what you're not going to get no 10 sure playing this stuff on your guarantee of that
Hello
Okay, that's enough. It's a 149 and WIOD and it's plenty for me. It's the time of the year, baby, to get your new Toyota
at Kendall Toyota the best time because now is the time when they're blowing them all out. All the 96s got to go because the 97 model year is almost here and that's not just a slogan man, it'd be the truth. So they've got over 800 brand new 96 to it is waiting for you right now. Mark the lowest of the year. For example, brand new 96 to yourselves from just 89 91. Corollos from just 10,091. Cameras from only 13 9 91 and pickups from just 97 91. Kendall, I just got to move out the 96s. The 97s are coming in any day. So go down here and make yourself a deal and it's one price selling baby.
There's the price right there on the windshield. It'll put a big smile on your push and was speaking of push when you go down to Asmark Jacobson, what these new information is all about. That's the room around town instead of interviewing like real big celebrities like yours truly and Pete Sanforson, all the superstars. He's got all these naked babes on there right now. So Asmark, if he's really getting any of what the problem is at Kendall Toyota on US one just on the day land. One of them knocked him in the back of the head when he fell to the ground. The other one pulled out of metal object and beat it while he was on the ground.
They rifled through his pockets and took him under time and amount cash. The best news is on news, talk and entertainment radio. 610, all you I. Oh, what's the Humper going to be saying today? Is he going to say it's just an aberration since it happens 99% of every trend? It's just an aberration that Phil had a 5.7 and men and the Humper had a 4.1 on an all sports station. That's kind of bizarre in it. And by the way speaking, you know, one thing that's been going on all summer long, we know that nobody cares about the Marlins, but we've been tracking all these ratings
for all the stations and nobody's paid too much attention about the fact that the nighttime numbers for QAM even with Marlins baseball are in a bison. Have you been looking at those numbers? Seriously, remember Bill Monroe used to be on a meet the press. He used to say a passion and he ain't on there no more. Maybe it's because he's dead. Bring back Lawrence Spivak. Oh my God, look at that. 2.6. They went from a 3 point 3 point. Come on. You can do it. Where is it? Come on. Get that thing on. Are you idiot? Right. Wasn't worth it. Was it 3 points?
2.0 to a 2.6. In men with Major League baseball, we're talking about this is May, June and July, three of the prime months in the middle of the baseball season. They have got, they have set the record. Now last year they did pretty damn poor. I almost said pretty piss poor. You can't say that though. But man, this is, this is unbelievable. For example, last summer they had a 4.2. Okay. In man at night. That's baseball.
This year they've got so far, which is like pretty well into the summer, a 2.6 with baseball on almost every night. There can't be one Major League franchise anywhere in America. That's on a radio station. It's got less than a 5 share, usually double digits. I know KBC with the Dodgers usually like a 10 share. But a 2.6 in men, we're not talking about overall. We're not talking about 25 54. We're not talking about 12 plus. We're talking about men who listens to ball games. Men, but not too many of them.
A 2.6, but I'm going to tell you no matter what they do over there, they could, they could put Jesus, Moses and the Philanry on over there and still do a 1 share. It's unbelievable. It's incredible. Man, that's that there's like a curse on that thing. It's like so if D.F.O. still talking to them, forget it. He is by the way. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? But okay, okay, listen. Can you believe that a 2.6 for baseball? I don't care about baseball. Nobody else does either. There's live and proof of it. Man. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Man. Let him go on permanent strike. Listen, I'd like to thank you first of all 25 pounds and three weeks. In three weeks? What are you doing besides the Atkins? How are you doing? Are you doing a Karen Carpenter number in there or what? I'm injecting massive amounts of phillomoneon in my body. No, seriously, what are you doing? I've just been eating salad and steak. And that's it. That's it. I think I'm going to be able to bake and bake it in the morning. Yeah, I think I'm going to have to get back on the steaks. Well, this distinct with these sausages and the cold cuts, they're too many
night trights and too much crap. I got to get back to doing it the way I did way back in the beginning. I'm going to be I'm going to have to be more selected with my meat. There you. Hey, yeah, stick to the red stuff. Right. Anyway, at the end of the show, I'd like to bring a little seriousness if I could. Oh, geez. Oh, no, I think you'll. You'll just give me this good news about losing all the weight and I saved your life and everything. And now you're going to get us. And the numbers actually are up a little bit when we thought we were going to be dead. One, the numbers are going to go sky high when I'm done. Okay. You know, you've asked me to do a lot of things.
A lot of questions that passed couple of weeks. The right computer to buy where we'll fill Henry end up. Yeah, the panther is going to deploy. Yeah, we both have a mutual friend who has the answer to all these questions. Jeff Rimmer. Yeah. And he's the dolly llama of the area. And he's.
Jeff Rimmer is the reading. You know, since Rimmer has been gone, our numbers are going back up again. Oh, yeah. Now, I don't know if he's still out of town in LA, but he must be because I know there's no way he would come back and did not have my phone ringing off the hook. He, uh, his family, his family took off went out to LA for a couple weeks. Yeah, I heard he went out of town. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I think it was that in session hockey that killed us during that month of June. I think that was the death. Now me and June. Well, I love hockey. I do too. It's my favorite thing in the world almost, but I'm going to tell you something. I think we over did it.
Absolutely. I think we paid a wicked price. Yeah. Well, it just around the bend. Although let me ask you this much. If that was the excuse for the whole station going into the toilet in May and June, how come Rick and studs, studs still have a two to there in the morning in July? Makes no sense. I don't know. Yeah. Hey, I'm going to have to ask Rick that on Monday when he comes back. That's the first thing I'm going to do when I come. I'm going to come in extra early on Monday and confront him with that to two. Get him right between the eyes. Exactly. Right between the legs and listen. I don't want to see. I don't want to.
Dolphin tickets. Yeah, but I did mail you a BCR tape a couple months ago. What an ask you if there was any way you could copy one of the CBC. Oh, yeah, thanks for the tape. By the way, I appreciate it. Have a great day. Okay. Yeah, all you suckers out there. They want copies of hockey games, porn, videos, soap operas, horse races, whatever. Just send me a free video. Okay. Just send me a nice brand new six hour VHS, whatever brand I prefer. Of course, the better brands. The upper
scale and I'll see if I can get around to it. Hey, this guy sends me a tape, but I make a copy of a hockey game for him from the CBC. Like I'm going to like, you know, you got to go through the things with the wires. You got to hook your two VCRs together in did learn. Forget it, man. But thanks for the tape. It was a good one too. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I didn't think I was going to get on you read this and I know times right now that weren't a talk to you about a couple things. But one thing that I'm like you, I travel a lot. And every day I'm seeing these things.
I don't know if it's a local media, but it's kind of I'm starting to get worried. I usually blow it off. But you usually blow it on and President Clinton's personal answer. I saw him. Why? I owe me or something. Yeah. Every day won't fall down in Europe yesterday. Yeah. It's just it's kind of getting to me. I don't know. So you getting a little bit paranoid. Well, yeah, I mean, I always blew it off, but starting to get. You see that you always blew it off. But now you're paranoid about it. I can understand that with all the diseases going around. Yeah, well, listen. I know I know I know times running out. But if tomorrow you could do me a thing.
You'll make my day. If you play Larry King when he's all the phargette right off the bat. All right, buddy. Right out of the box. I love you. You got it for you. See you. Okay. What do you say? So 3564 almost out of time. We were let's take a look. If we got some other story here, that's what you do. And the numbers come out. You keep looking at. Oh, here's a story. We did. We went up a tent of a point over here. Let's see. Morning drive to 7225. Uh oh. Uh oh down in the morning. 3564 575 will 540 midday. So everybody had dropped the notch 35 and 36.
Look at that. Phil Henry got the old people. That's what that's all about 35 to 64. We're going to miss you. Phil coming up. Another hour. A telepathic mind reprogramming W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale News talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
