MUSIC
Moles and hockey night in Canada on CBC
brought to you by Moles and exports
Excess it all
By board of Canada where quality is job one
It's working by Imperial Oil and Essela Associates
Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of UConnky in Canada
And by Pepsi got a habit
MUSIC
Oh yeah I'm old and grumpy
But try to understand that I have a problem
Because I can use my head
I only have one hand
I only have one hand
I like to take my pen and stick it inside
Despite my comes and grip and something
I can hide, I can hide, I can hide
So please vote for me
I cranky bitter old men
And if you still make fun of me
I'll slap you like a man
But only with my good hand
I only have one hand
I only have one hand
So why don't we have got these essential oils in here
And all I can say now is
1207 at WIT
No it's going to be great
Because you go through this whole
What are we going through?
Exactly
Okay we have two open lines on the green lines
For the guy that called me for about the hockey news
You don't have to wait pal
Here's the toll free number
And you order right now with your subscription
You get a free one
Cap
A starter cap
Whatever that means
A starter cap
I have no idea what to do
Well you get some crap for free
Oh starter crap is what they probably said
So anyway the toll free number is
1-800-268 and the 7-7-9-3
1-800-268-7793
That's the number for the hockey news
If you really want to become a fan
If you want to fight out about the other 25 teams in league
Plus what the Panthers are doing
Plus what Stan Fishler thinks
Plus what my good friend Mike Brophy thinks at the year
Who's the senior editor and whatever else
This is Mike Brophy, senior writer with the hockey news
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers
Then you got to read the hockey news
If you want to become a real noticable fan
Instead of just talking about Ron McLean
Or Danny Denney
We have an open line in date
751-WYOD-2 on the green lines
Like I said Palm Beach which is totally
They're gone
They're history
They're audio's
We never gotten to know what rumor reports about FT also
They must be keeping that real tight lift
Huh?
And what I really love about Melissa's column here
Except the 95% that's about a big radio and Howard
Which is a real surprise
Is where she says
WFTL producer Nick Lawrence is remaining mom on the topics
But tune in at noon Friday for some answers
Is if he knows but the rest of the people over there don't
Isn't that a joke? Isn't that ridiculous?
If you know Nick and you stop and you think about that
It's enough to make your pee your pants
Here's Hollywood, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Hey how are you?
I'm doing good
Great, I am just like everybody else calling
I'm not any different but I want to tell you
I mean start listening to you last summer
And kind of liked it and kept listening a little bit
And ended up going out to Las Vegas
And paid a little attention to some of the stuff you're talking about
The grill and whatnot
And start
I should check out the hockey stuff I grew up in Michigan
How could you grow up in Michigan and not be a hockey fan?
I never cared for the Red Wings
Red Wings you got Michigan and Michigan state
You got great college hockey there
Well Neil I'm a graduate of Michigan state
Never went to a game
Oh my god
Can you believe that?
Holy Toledo and that's about the only sport that we play well up there is hockey
You got that right
We stinkin' everything else
Well once in a work great while we'll be here
Hockey and Drinking that's the two sports we excel at at MSU
Esther once in a great while though we'll beat you
Avamed football
Just to piss him off here
Yeah you never know what you've said
Doesn't mean we're having a good season
When you least expected we come up in the stick it to him
That's exactly true
But same thing with football I mean with hockey too
I mean I knew some of the hockey players
Never did end up getting over to game
I always wanted to
I knew there was a lot of fall in there
But anyway I guess it was about February
I said well I better check it out and head on down to one of these games
And I really had a good time
And it's all you know all because of you
And I just kept going down there
You know getting those Panther packs
And sitting in the lower bowls for ten bucks
Yup
And it was awesome
I stayed up and watched the game the other night
My girlfriend started getting into the game as well
And I think she's as big a fan as I am
I bought her a shirt
And she's going to be happy forever
Great to fall to me forever
And you know it's that
And you know just some of the other stuff
That you bring up from time to time on the year
That's you know I'm a sales hole on the road as well
And the gray heads are getting the left lane
And oh man
I live here not too far from Hollandale
We all know how painful that can be
Yup
But I'm out of material and I just want to say thank you very much
Okay pal
Oh one other question
Yes sir
When were you and you weren't you in the Mason area for a while?
Mason?
Yeah
Marshall
Marshall and Albion
What year?
65 and 6
Albion 6
Oh my god
I was the Marco Polo of all of all of the Sturgis Michigan
You know where Sturgis is down by the Indian border?
Yeah right across country against Sturgis
There you go
Yeah I grew up in Jackson
I had all of those spots
And of course Jackson Harness Raceway man
Now you're talking
There you go
Always did well there
The horses that could stand up
Those are the ones to bet on
Okay pal have a great life
See ya
Okay speaking of standing up here's our stand up guy
We hate you man, bitch
Oh yes we do
You jacked ass
Your football point of view
Is really screwed
Your heart is showered with a
Love you
Sister Man, bitch
We hate you
We hate that way
We hate that way
They really suck
They throw crap on the ice
Those stupid smog
I am pissed off
We could have had a goal
You screwed up
You wagoned your purse
Really suck
You love you Horton
Oh yes we do
Boy
But even though you're dead
You'll do
We'll eat some bagels now
With you
But you smell kind of funky
Who
We love you Ramer
Now get alive
The season's over now
So take a high
You put it off the sleeve
That's nice
Hey Ramer
Take a high
That's nice
It's for sale
Oh
Of 13 and WOD
Just when you expect the
At least you get the best
Tuddy like that
We have an open line
And dayd we got one and
Broward
We got whatever you want we got it
Okay we'll even give some crap away
We don't have any
How about some tickets for games
That we're going to be playing this week at the arena
Yeah we're going to be playing the Los Angeles
Kings
Minor league team
Yeah LA once upon a time
They had an NHL team
Now they have only minor league hockey out there
Just ask Kelly Rudy
Full card symbol
Just ask Barry Melrose
Sounds really weird but the smell
It's really weird
It's a real bike
The Rodic Fernandez
What kind of smell are you looking for?
Fresh feet
Some come out of some high heel palms or what?
Yeah high heel palm platter shoes
Passion phones
A P.M. Till midnight
On news talking entertainment radio
610 W.I.O.D
This is your boy and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers
Coming next year
The King of Thought
For the tour your hometown
Touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School
For wayward boys
It's Michael Jackson
You know my play isn't picky
I've got a very happy side
Michael Jackson
Minimum 2
Cause I've found a lady child
It's no matter if he's back or right
Michael Jackson
Yes Michael performs all of his greatest hits
From oldies with the Jackson 5
They're learning the ABCs
I'm getting down on my knees
Removing the dumb girl race
A B C
Saddle me
Baby you and me
That's right
From the timeless tunes of the Jackson 5
To the classic filler work
Michael Jackson's benefits who are aims to please
The people I surround myself with are just in denial
Some call me big brother, some are better files
This one I know what to do
File I just sit for a while
And beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it
Michael Jackson
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around
So can't wait for a call from a call you call again
When I'm home alone sitting naked by the phone
I beat it, beat it
And beat one of the 5 lucky boys
To receive backstage passes
To hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room
Michael Jackson's benefits
Hey, yeah, Michael
Yes Bobby, is that your real skin color?
It's inside with counts
But I know a game that we can play to find out
And since you fly, you know it's time to free Willy
Say, say, say what you want
But you know who I give affection
But they don't know how to read
But little boys give me erection
And here the rousing finale
As Michael sings the song he wrote for the show
Into the world with the Vienna boys choir
Backing him up
I don't like girls
I like male children
Stop
They are the ones who turn me on and hate
I hope they're willing
It's a choice of making
I like school very much
But it's true they make the greatest thing
When they just fight
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics
Like Billy's James
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course smooth criminal
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour
To benefit the Cardinal Clancy School
For wayward boys
Picture tickets now
Boys under 10 admitted free
When a company buying no one
They're white
They're really really tight
They're black
They're white
They're really really tight
Come on, Tina W.W.I.G.
Happy Thursday to you
Everybody's walking around here with a big smile on our push
Now what was that that the
These guys that were just in here
Eight off and here on
What was it that they just said about the
Vent system we have an
Error vent to let a fresh
Year event
And it's blocked off in the building
Or Rudolph has to be proud of this place
So they just kind of check that out for us
And even Tim down stairs and engineering can't quite
Finger that out
As to why the fresh air duct is supposed to let some fresh in here
So we can breathe
That's kind of blocked off
Maybe they don't want the aroma from Channel 7
Wafting over
Did they find where they dropped the tablets?
Probably inside the general managers
Brackdom but anyway
Here's the Miami Beach
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey Don
Listen I got a question about the future of hockey
I recently started rollerblading
And combination of that
And listen to your show
I started getting interested in hockey too
And I wanted to know
Do you know if any of the panthers
Like are into rollerblading
Or roller hockey
And I wanted to know
Do you see it in the future like
I bet you they are
I don't really don't know
But I bet you they would be
I know Luke Robotai of the Rangers
Has got a roller hockey team
Uh huh
One of those you know
Make believe team
I mean minor league teams
Whatever they call it
Roll blade hockey
Is like being pushed to become a lintx sport
Yeah
It might be
So that could
You see kids all over the country
All over North America
There are no rollerblades doing it
Playing hockey
It's good for the future of hockey for sure
I agree
The other thing is
It's all connected
I got a concern
Like I saw you on the channel for news last week
Yeah
And like I know
I mean obviously you're getting a lot of
Notewiating about you
How much you push to hockey team and stuff
And I was just hoping it like
You're not going to like when you get real famous
And get on TV and stuff
You're not going to like sort of clean up your act
And like Larry King or anything like that
Yeah that's why I held up the Colorado SUX t-shirt
When I was on your own channel 4
I missed it
I'm cleaning up my act
Well you had to look fast
Because they bleeped it after about two seconds
About one second they had it on there
See promise you're not going to get like Larry King
Don't worry about that
Okay Neil
Loan me $50
See ya
We have an open line at day
If I say loan me some money I guarantee you
Be a lot more than $50
Okay
Larry King can take that $50 and stick it inside his
But hey
1222 at WI
I'll listen to it sitting there
Everybody's going to use it
And the thing too
Did I say 1222 at WI would air started to
And then I got caught on my
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
But I don't have a gun
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
I'm going to buy it
The lady in Coral Springs is gone
Wouldn't you just like to
Wouldn't you just like to
Bitch like to be one time
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
How can she be gone, huh?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, I'm here.
Did you lose us?
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm here.
No, but that's going to be.
What would you do not look for?
Thank you very much, Mr. Pollock.
Thank you very much.
Are you going to mata me around here?
Are you going to mata me around here, too?
Bye.
Bye, Mr. Pollock.
Bye, Mr. Pollock.
Bye.
Have any question?
I had a lot of questions.
And could you give us an answer?
people going over there but uh... you know i mean it was it was a great turn
out but even so you got a good point
okay
and and the press has been behind them since they were all who said that
who said that
all i don't know who it was but somebody said you know
the wonderful sportscasters and the wonderful uh...
sports writers of the at full
crack right
the only one that was halfway loyal
i think is they've heard
yeah that's right
that's what began and that's where it ended
i would agree with that okay i have a complaint
i have a complaint about something at the arena
here we go
okay i happen to be partially handicapped
normally when i go into the arena with a uh... ticket
i do not go to the handicapped
entrance
i just have to go where there is
they can get me to an elevator and i don't have stairs to walk
yeah less night with a different story i did not have a ticket
as did anyone else
uh... they had a sore line up nice and neatly near the door
allowed the people in with the wheel cheers and put them downstairs right on
the floor
yeah they will do down the stairs right they will go people down the
well
okay then they opened up the door told us to go up by elevator
sent us up to the second floor by the time the elevator stopped yes what
they opened the door to everybody out
but now you have people who are on crutches or using can
or whatever
having fifteen thousand people running at them
receipt
you know
you understand
at least give us five minutes time to get
in the second i had started and then let it they can use you for target practice
i read i mean they were people i had happened i'm not old
but there was some older people there
uh...
and they they stood in the wall letting everybody go i got the people got in
and you know they're just as well
yeah
i mean there were people that have a thing that really got me a state was a
man outside
giving away rats
i mean gave them away
yeah my son came home with i think seven raths left
including the plus the one that we have tied on the uh...
logit back on the top of my car
uh... i didn't want my pantas legs to get wet so we tried on rath and
stay i hope nobody in town invested a lot of money in raths i'll tell you that
it's uh... you know
the market is the market looking pretty grim on raths right now
and we come inside and selling them for three bucks
selling them yeah and don't tell me people were buying them you got it
friend they were buying them
yeah for what
i don't know maybe they thought they get the opportunity to throw them i don't
know did they did they have any retro
they had no rat throwing
they did have your friend rimer there
uh... i would wish i would have had a tape recorder because i had problems
sleeping at night he would have helped
uh...
wow is he getting a roasted here today must have been a pretty uh... we i didn't
i didn't see most of what he had to say because the tv and that works all
went to commercial as soon as he came on
soon as they saw his post they cut to commercial all the thing that really
bothered me is that you know they didn't give you the honor that you should have
you know should have gotten a little uh... you know give you about a little
not just yet right but they didn't give you that but the thing is your friend
rimer gets up there and he could have said you know i wish you were here
uh... it's all thanks to me and he didn't have to say i wish you was here it
could have said niel can't be where you know something can't be with us tonight but
we are what might have specially recognized a guy that's really supported us
right from day one and then more to promote hockey here than anybody and that's
my good friend you Rogers on w-w-y-o-d and a place with a rocked and gone nuts
and they don't have that they don't have the hopes for the do it that's the problem
i don't know what they're afraid of
what do they think you would do to them when you want to know what they're afraid of
what you want me to tell you yeah like in two words i can answer your question okay
yes you want to know what it is
yeah
yeah
there's your answer i understand okay can i ask you a question yeah
do you have any idea how much the least expensive season tickets are
the least expensive yeah but i can't i would i would hate to give you a number i
just be making it enough i haven't got any idea i got a cool down there and see
how much i can get tickets for because i the the upper bowl tickets i don't
even know what to do i want to go up a bowl i want to go like right at the
the top of the lower bowl like you're going to be able to pick and choose
like i can't walk stairs oh when you got to talk talk to Jeff Moss about that
call him up and explain it to him okay he'll find out for you thank you
much and maybe he'll even pay half but i doubt it oh that would be wonderful okay
it may be he'll get my ex to pay half that would be even better that's uh even better
and have a great life a thank you much and well hey let's go pan for okay bye bye
open line and brownered five two four nine four six three we got one in the green line one eight
hundred nine four four it's twelve thirty seven at w i o d the sports riders on the radio
defo rumen and hi and to the mix davin buster talk sports play games
Thursday nights from six till eight p.o the sports riders on the radio
live from davin busters on news talk and entertainment radio six ten
w i o d your manage takes us smarter to after each day there's something fresh making
important
I'm a good builder.
And would I get a good deal?
OK, can I touch your I need?
Can I touch your I need?
Could I touch it for a nickel?
Could I touch it for a quarter?
You wouldn't have to remind me.
I'm wired.
Ha ha ha!
I've got no money to spend.
Won't you be my friend?
A time could take us far.
If you'll please get in my car
And I'll say to you
How much for a hum job?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Can I afford a hum job?
A hum job!
We're not talking about women.
1242 at WIOD.
Let's go to Haya.
Leah.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi there.
Are you doing?
OK.
A couple of things.
I just called and reserved a lovely season ticket for dancers.
Oh!
Great.
Yes, sir.
They required like a deposit like 250.
And my shoes size?
Two size?
Do they want your shoe size?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
OK, now the thing is, the only seats they got left,
the guy I talked to said like is upper mezzanine.
My question to you was,
I want your opinion as to,
he's either got a corner seat, OK,
by the goal we're going to be scoring at or mid-ice.
Which would you think would be a better seat?
How far up in mid-ice?
Well, I asked for center ice.
And he said, OK, I can put you in the third row, center ice and the mezzanine.
Oh, fantastic.
Really?
Better than like a corner?
Oh, sure.
OK, that's it.
So in closing other than thanking you for being the god of hockey that you are
and I appreciate you turning me on to it, no end, I can't thank you enough.
It's the most exciting game and experience I've had this year in hockey.
I'll go along with that, especially in this town.
Yeah, so, you know, I don't know.
Anyway, so I hope you have a great day and thanks a lot.
And back to you.
Talk about it.
OK, enjoy it.
Open line of day at 7519-463-751-WID.
I think one of the highlights of the entire year, here we are in the first home game
of the Stanley Cup finals against the Colorado Avalanche,
which were sitting there pinching ourselves.
The real fans wondering, can this really be going on?
Up this track down, he jumped it in.
A lot of the mess.
Took a lot.
He's got it to the corner.
He's got by Shepard.
And it's cleared back down the ice.
Colorado changing the penalty killers.
Track ahead of me.
A fast move to pick it up.
He did.
Got it in over the line.
Track it.
Drop the back.
Shepard.
Shepard.
Highs again.
Oh.
Goosebumps, baby.
CBC, Bob Pull.
It'll come any better than Bob Pull.
I'll tell you that right now.
And there we are all over North America, all over the universe.
And Erats come pouring out.
And of course, it was at that point, I realized the rat thing was getting out of control anyway.
You know, at that point, we realized there was a something in the wood pile,
a black rat in the wood pile.
And then of course, in that, well, see it now you're throwing a negative in there.
I wasn't going to do that.
I was going to say the highlight.
And then of course, we had a few assholes in there.
And if you just have like a, you know how many go to the airport?
You go into a lot of public buildings.
You have to walk through those metal screening detectors.
If we could have an asshole detector at the arena, we could keep the assholes out.
Here's Weston on the purple line.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay.
Not too night out here on the frog right.
It's pouring rain.
Again?
Again.
Again?
Again.
Getting a little old, you know what?
Getting a little on the old side.
Just want to talk about a river last night.
He doesn't have a pair.
That's not have a pair.
Let's really let him have it today for crying out loud.
Let's really let him have it.
And I never even thought about it.
But here's the guy that had one chance of a lifetime to get up there.
He gave me a little bit of credit and he just didn't couldn't do it.
He just couldn't bring himself to do it.
Nope.
Has no pair whatsoever.
Yep.
And the other thing, you were talking about the bombs.
There's a guy I'm not commercial.
It was not.
It was the best.
Huh?
It was the best last night.
They showed that little commercial.
He said they didn't show it.
They showed on Channel 7.
Which one?
The one where law says, uh, rose the red.
Violet or blue.
Philadelphia sucks.
Yeah.
You don't know, but I mean during the season though they didn't show it.
Oh, no.
But they showed it last night.
Oh, it was dynamite.
And of course, why didn't they show it?
Because they got no balls.
Exactly.
It's a great spot.
You know, you have a good one to take care of.
And back to you, pal.
Yeah, that was dynamite.
Nice going, Paul.
I love that spot.
But you know, I hold up that t-shirt and they have it on for a half a second.
What is wrong with the word sucks?
Okay.
Channel 4, I hold up the Colorado sucks t-shirt during one of those free things that I did for them.
Which I'm still waiting for the thank you, by the way.
Did we ever get, George, did we ever get a note from them or anything or a card saying thanks very much for doing that?
From, huh?
Channel 4.
No.
As in WFOR is in what's it for?
Never got a card, huh?
And I hold it up for a half a second.
And especially on a station where Dr. Steve Greenberg and Brian Burr are an orcross both working to refer to the word sucks.
Tell us wrong with those guys anyway.
We have an open line at day, 751 WYOD.
It's 1247.
I think I just said that.
But hey, it kills a lot of good time.
He was talking entertainment radio.
He was talking entertainment radio.
610 WYOD.
Hey, Brian, are you happy?
I hate WOD again.
I suck my d-
I'll bring them happy.
Remember the 70s?
Disco.
Leisure suits.
The partry family.
But you know the best part about the 70s was the hair.
That's right.
People had great hair.
And black people had the best hair of all.
Afros.
Great.
That's right.
Like Clarence Williams III on the Mod Squad.
Sherman Helmsland, the Jefferson's.
And pretty much anyone on Sanford and Sun.
Yeah, Lamont, he had great hair.
Well, nowadays, 70s are back in style,
including those great-looking afro.
Like Samuel L. Jackson's in Pulp Fiction.
Now, you can have hair just like his.
Thanks to a revolutionary new product from the makers of Frogan.
Introducing all new Frogan.
But I'm white.
That's okay.
Frogan is specially formulated to give anyone a great-looking afro.
Even white guys like me.
Even white guys like you.
Dino Mike.
Frogan.
Or bald, middle-aged white guys who wish they were young, hip and black.
1252 WYOD.
I guess that leaves me way out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Winners Diaz.
Yeah, Neil.
There was someone I wanted to talk to you about.
Yesterday, I went to the Panthers' party.
And I hadn't been able to go to any of the games three or four.
And I was really pissed off.
I mean, I had gone the day before.
And I had slept at Tick and Master and everything.
And they do, like, some kind of lottery.
Yeah, it sucks.
Yeah, it's terribly.
And then, when I was there, you had to set it to buy some souvenirs.
Even though I know they're going to make it again next year.
But I went to buy some souvenirs and asked a guy to buy me some sticks.
And he sent me some hockey sticks to say, gold collar on them.
Nice.
I mean, the guy was trying to rip me off.
I guess they ran out of panthers and they tried to cheat me.
And they tried to...
Yeah.
I'd let him have it.
Yeah, another thing.
Winners, in the yesterday, were talking about loyalty to the Panthers.
I mean, just a couple weeks ago, we were talking about selling the team.
There you go.
I mean, come on.
Goes to show you.
Yeah.
Well, all right.
All right, so, Panthers all the way next year.
Okay, Miguel.
All right.
I'll read the dirt.
Tell that Patrick Frog, by the way, we're going to stick that stick.
We have an open line and date, 7519-463-751-WID.
Again, thanks to our friends from Aroma Therapy Associates, who came in here and spritzed a bunch of stuff around.
So, did they eventually go down and put it into the vents, too?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, they did.
Also, everybody in the building can thank us, me and George, okay?
Because we're the ones that, first of all, bitch loudly enough.
And second of all, got these people to come in here from Maliston.
And invited them to come in free of charge, of course.
And clean out this building again, which it's only been what?
About three or four years since Barry Cohn was in here, and we had to take 4,000 tons of mountainous crap out of here
that we were sitting here in hailing.
But see, it's just not cost-effective, especially after the sale of the station for us to worry about the health of the people in the building.
So, I don't bother us with that and just dummy up already, will ya?
Because it is bad.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Any other audience?
Okay.
Listen, I hate to get any accolades.
It's channel seven, but they did a hell of a job last month.
Yes, they did.
Even Sanchez was parroting something you said in the past.
He said, we're just gonna sit back and let the fans enjoy the telecast.
And I'll split them back between four, six and five.
Well, four was an abortion.
They kept interrupting.
They had Zagaki doing in Sip and Interviews.
And the good stuff that you wanted to see, you never got to see.
Yeah, I mean, always always the newscast was sitting up in the booth, and they were telling us what was going on.
Oh, right.
They were showing some of the...
They were telling you, but they wouldn't let you watch it.
And of course, seven also did that really nice touch when the play-reintroductions were doing,
where they showed you the number and the name and where they're from and their shoe size.
And you know, the whole deal, that was great.
Listen, I wanted to let you know something.
I don't know if you're aware of it.
Today is one year exactly anniversary that you came in on a Monday and said you wrote books a million.
You found this little book that you've heard about 20 years ago.
Today is the Atkins anniversary?
Oh, boy.
Hi!
Couldn't come in at the worst time because, boy, the last three weeks I've been backsliding big time.
I've gained back 10 pounds.
Well, you know...
Well, you know something.
So it's a year ago, I weighed 30 pounds more than than I do now.
I took a lot more medication than I took diabetes medication,
which I haven't taken in a year now, so I'm way ahead of the game.
Well, same here.
I've dropped off 40 in the last couple of months.
I've kind of let it go off a little at least.
You know what's nice is that anytime I want, I could just look at a label.
I say, hey, if this I can have today and I haven't gained any back,
I've just kind of reached a plateau and just given myself a break.
I could go back on it, whatever I want.
I've probably saved 100,000 lives in this town in the last year.
Thanks to Dr. Atkins, and I'm still waiting for a medal for that, too, you know.
Well, listen, you can count me in.
Okay.
Here's mine.
Keep it up.
Okay, bye.
Thanks.
That's right.
You see, like I said, if you're going to do things and then sit around and wait for recognition,
forget it, because it's not going to happen.
It's only the butt suckers that get recognized.
I know.
But when it comes down to, you know, doing stuff because you believe in it,
and you want to do something that you're excited about,
and that works, and that is great and what I mean, then you spread the word.
Maybe and everybody gets into it.
They get involved in it.
And this is really great.
And I'm going to say it again.
You won't read one word from Dave Hyde or Michael Mayo or Little Rachel Alexander,
aka Tim Mahorton Jr., or any of these other people that Neil Rogers has been leading the parade for three years now.
And he's the one that originally got everybody worked up and really got this thing rolling before it became fashionable,
because the team got hotter and hell and started really going way far all the way to the finals and the playoffs.
You won't read about that.
I'll guarantee if my good friend, the late Phil Cosford, at the Herald, was still alive, which he's not.
I guarantee there already would have been a gigantic article in the Sunday Herald,
in which he would have paid great tribute to yours truly, because there was a guy, okay?
There was a guy who didn't care about the upper level assholes at the Herald,
who had the balls to write the good stuff.
Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi, I'm.
Yes, sir.
I guess now the level of fear between the fans, the hockey team in Heizanga,
when that starts to taper off, what's going to be the salary base for this?
What's going to be the salary base?
What's going to be the salary base?
Next year.
What's going to be the salary base?
Next year.
Well, I'm reading an article with Peter Forsberg, who made 400,000 last year,
has asked for $6 million.
Yes.
And that's about $4.00, what you were.
Do we have Peter Forsberg on our team?
No.
So what does that got to do with it?
What does Heizanga and the rest of the time he's going to warrant?
What's Heizanga?
What position is Heizanga?
What do you mean what's Heizanga going to warrant?
That's the wrong guy.
Oh.
How about schooling, Beaser?
Beaser's already got a new to your contract.
He's already making his $1 million, whatever it is.
He's $1.8.
How about $6 million?
No, he ain't making no $6 million.
Well, Forsberg isn't worth $6 million.
Forsberg, how do you know that?
How about Warr?
Forsberg might be one of the best five, six players in a whole league.
Warr wants $1 million.
Warr, Warr, Warr.
Yeah, well, I want you to get lost.
We have an open line in the day, both with a voice like that.
And I hit him on that long.
I must really be getting sick from this stuff in here.
Now, actually, this stuff is going to be great.
But it's really potent, the stuff in here in here.
Oh, ooh, don't do that.
Don't inhale real, real deep because it goes up into your sinuses
and it clears your brain out.
Watch out.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's hot in the shower.
How's your leg, that last guy?
Did you get that?
He was dead.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He wasn't too good.
I hope he elopes with Patrick Frog.
Why not?
Maybe they'll make Frog children.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Where am I today?
Oh, Admiral Stockdale.
Oh, I'm talking to you.
Well, this must be the guy that then came called for you yesterday
and said how much how great Phil was.
And he just got back from semester at school
and filled you with the greatest.
And can you play that card?
You play Who Am I all the time?
Nah, nah.
Phil got all bent out of shape.
And I noticed that the card's missing, too, by the way.
Yes, sir.
I just got to finish smoking a little tube, so.
Okay.
Yeah.
Listen, I've been working with a lawyer this morning
and go to the H Westley Johnson phone numbers.
Five, two, three.
No, I don't want no numbers on here.
I'm sorry, that's right.
I forgot.
Okay.
Well, I could tell George later about what?
About my working with Westley Johnson.
He's a traffic jockey.
Yeah.
That's nice.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463524WI.
And this guy's ripping into the last guy, huh?
This guy must be his kissing cousin.
This must be his girlfriend, this one.
Oh my God.
So just tell your lawyer to forget about the case
or just to drop it.
All the way you probably got a lot of experience
doing it yourself from the sounds of it and the soap, too.
So anyway, we only got one hour to go
and we're just really getting started here today.
I'd like to see some of these women come out of the closet.
They're so enchanted and so enamored.
And we're standing there for hours and hours last night
to go in there and get a sniff and a whiff.
I sure haven't heard from too many of those
except our good close personal friend, Esther.
Your window into the soul of stupidity.
W-I-O-D-P-L-O-D-P-L-E-U
song and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
The one to two hours!
The other night was there a fight
on the port of July
because now his cousins get up all it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something fishy smells, but he won't tell.
So well as Brian, what did you do?
Brian, what did you do?
He's not so long.
He was standing on his folks lawn
and he was crying.
Brian, crying.
Brian, it's hard to understand
but that it was an accident
with two shots flying.
I don't know why your age and crew
claims the cops reports on truth.
I want you to know some more
so tell me what's the score.
Brian, what did you do?
Accidentally or just maybe
you're loud.
What did you do?
What did you do?
Yes, now he's gone
and from this moment on
we're asking Brian,
Brian,
Brian, Brian, Brian,
Brian, Brian,
He could be Brian.
I did you do.
Just an accident and everybody come down.
Are you sure?
No.
What a way to W.O.D.
Now hope we was proud of himself,
Lord of Brian, Sammie Smith, Michael Irvin.
We got a long list here.
Anyway, we don't want to dwell on that.
That's what Harvey Roovin says.
Xavier Suarez is running for mayor again.
All right.
For the eight millionth time.
Did you hear that?
He's on the list.
Oh, God.
We have an open line at day,
7519-463-751-W-I-O-D.
So we got not one peep even.
Boy, they must be keeping really tight lids
on at the lightbulb stuff.
Not even a hint of what they're going to announce tomorrow
over there at Paxton Communications Inc.
About the future of the lightbulb
and about all the syndicated shows
that we understand are going to be going on there.
But that's just a rumor that I just started.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a compliment for you.
I believe you and John Van B's broke
have something greatly in common.
You're both assholes.
Yeah, okay.
You got a new voice now.
That's good.
We have an open line on the green line.
189-494-494-6-3.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm hanging up.
Yes, sir.
Who has got more on it?
Just say more on the calls every day.
And this is assholes.
You know, that's his thing.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
So, Frank, the order, right?
You get in the calls here.
It's his assholes.
Really, really.
Well, listen, we were sorry, I missed you last night.
And I have a little bit of a complaint
the way that whole thing was handled last night.
I'm really.
She didn't take it holder from day one.
And I got there about 530.
And the place was already jammed.
And we were on the east side of the arena.
And we got up towards the doors.
And we were all spread out across the top landing there by the doors.
And they finally decided to open up the doors a little early.
Right.
I mean, the place of just power.
Yeah, 10 after 6.
Right.
And what do you think the morons do?
They open up three doors.
And a massive amount of humanity pushing for the three doors.
See, I don't understand that when you don't have to take any tickets,
you don't have to have the turnstiles there.
Why didn't they just open up all the doors, both sides on all doors,
and just open them up wide and let everybody, uh, purin.
Right.
We stood there for 10 minutes pounding on the doors,
asking them to open the doors, and they would,
and they were guards standing right there.
They would not open the doors.
Well, what did they say?
They just looked at us.
Finally, they opened up the doors, and it was like, again, mass humanity.
But it just sort of ruined the whole feeling.
I mean, I was, I'm not that I'm a wimp or claustrophobic,
but I was getting kind of nervous because I think, you know,
eventually all these people had just kind of stopped pushing.
Yeah.
And it was really unfortunate, really ruined,
or started off what turned out to be a fabulous hour.
You really missed it.
It was a great, great turn.
I didn't miss it.
I saw it on the video.
I can't even see it.
It was the most video.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun to really be there and to really cheer those guys on.
And yeah, I'm a diehard or was, let me rephrase it,
a diehard rage of fans of 35 years.
Yeah.
And this was the greatest game of the night that I have ever experienced.
I've gotten my Stanley Cup with the Rangers to hell with them.
Let's go, Panthers.
Nothing.
Nothing in sports could have equaled that game that we all witnessed the other night.
Yeah.
I think you'll agree it was just unbelievable.
We're going to lose those guys gave the best that they could possibly give,
and I'm just thrilled with the whole thing.
Great.
That's all I got to say, Neil.
Okay, you survived it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, great.
All right.
Open line at day, at 7519-463, we got one in Broward, 5249-463.
That's right.
We celebrate the real, the real died-in-the-Wolf fans from the affonies.
You know what I'm saying?
We separate the fans that are always pulling for one team.
Let's go, Panthers.
I'm just saying, goalie scows, that what they're saying on that card.
Open line at day, we want you on there right now, especially you ladies out there.
I don't know why I'm always asking for ladies to call, because quite frankly, who needs them?
Open line at dummy, 7519-463, 751-WYOD.
It's that time is what it is.
It's that time.
If you want something a little bit different to add to your home like something unique
that's designed just for you, enter the Age of Aquarium.
Age of Aquarium is the state of the art store that has South Florida's largest selection
of marine and freshwater fish.
If it wiggles, if it slithers, if it moves, if it crawls, if it slides,
Age of Aquarium's got it for you.
And Age of Aquarium's got everything for the beginner and the extreme hobbyist, too.
They will custom design your tank.
They'll deliver it right to your door and set it up for you just the way you want.
They'll check the compatibility of the fish you buy to be sure they're safe and healthy
and they smile at each other.
Your questions can be answered anytime with their 24 hour hotline.
There's an incredible selection of coral and other stuff for your tank.
And Age of Aquarium does all of this with the-
Safe sex in space.
When they're in summer,
www.wiode.com.
Worldwide, baby.
From News Talk and Entertainment Radio,
610, W-I-O-D.
Blue way out is rectum.
Rectum? Hell? It damn near kilnum.
To her, it could only be a fantasy.
Oh my god, it's Fabio.
I don't believe it's not butter.
Spray.
What?
Butter. I don't believe it's not butter spray.
I can't understand you.
Butter spray. Butter spray.
Excuse me, in my fantasy, the guy speaks English.
I don't believe it's not butter spray.
Yeah, let's hear that one again.
What?
I just shut up and spray me down.
Yeah?
I don't believe it's not butter spray.
Spray me down and then get naked.
Yeah.
It's my fantasy.
Okay. I don't believe it's not butter spray.
Fresh butter tastes without the fat.
For a sexual lubricant with half the calories of butter.
Buh.
116 at W-I-O-D is everybody happy out there?
How we've had a tremendous run here?
It's been a great spring.
We've had some stuff to keep us excited
on the edge of our seats.
And now everybody's getting ready to go on vacation
and blow this joint.
And here we are.
It's already June 13. Isn't this dynamite?
No, seriously. This is because generally by this time we're
dying over here, we are just deadly on death's door.
So thank you Panthers for least keeping us alive over here too
for a couple extra months.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, all right. I just want to make a comment on our so-called
super famist of Heizang.
Supposedly, he had a done deal on the sale of the team
during the Boston Bruins quarterfinals.
And then when the Panthers were deep in the playoffs
against Philly and A.B. him, he backed away.
Yeah.
Because what he's going to do now is that he paid $50 million
for the franchise.
Supposedly, the team has now worked between $75 million.
He's been a little public offering.
Yeah, I'm still half the team.
49%.
He'll make it for 40 million. He'll net his cost out.
And he'll have basically doubled his money in three years
on the team.
So would you be a fan? Would you be a fan?
You could do that. Sure.
But one thing he should do is he should rip up
McLean's $200,000 contract and pay him the money now.
He deserves if they could pay Pat Miley's $3 million.
Minimum $2 million a year for Doug McLean. Absolutely.
Okay. Excellent point.
You know what I said, Dougie, he had a Tim Horton donut franchise
in the summer side beside, okay?
$1.5 million and 14 Tim Horton donut franchises
from Yellowknife to Moose Jodham medicine
had all the way up to Prince Edward to PEI.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hi.
I'm eating hot.
You're eating one?
I'm eating my lunch.
Yeah. What is it?
Listen.
I don't think this is right.
I want to thank you for the rat.
I got the rat in a mail yesterday.
Great.
And the tangan in the car.
And the rat too.
What are you talking about the hanging rat?
The hanging rat.
Beauty.
Hey, those are kind of nice.
It's better than a plastic Jesus or a pair of dice.
Yeah.
Here a dice is bad, you know.
Yeah, well, I like the rat.
The rat's cool.
Listen, yesterday, I didn't go to the rally,
but I was watching a little bit of it on TV before it started
and Channel 7 news was showing to people when they opened up the doors.
It was like a Chinese fire drill.
Oh, those people jumping in there, running over the seat, a bunch of kids.
Yeah.
I mean, if you want to listen, if anybody thinks I have regrets
that I didn't go down to that thing last night, they're dreaming,
I don't like chaotic things like that.
I don't mind crowds as long as it's orderly,
but when it's just chaos, I don't have much of a stomach for that.
Well, I mean, especially when there's no game.
I mean, if there was going to be a game, okay, I'll contend with it, but forget it.
No, that was terrible.
I mean, they show it when they first open the doors and everybody's running in.
And these kids are jumping over the seat, running all around a place.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Yeah.
I mean, and then they didn't let like 10,000 people in.
That's what I said when I first got to the track and I had the TV on there.
And there was like 50 million people standing on the front steps and I said,
Oh, my God.
I did.
I said, I made the right choice.
And then several races later as I was losing my ass, I said,
you know, might have been cheaper to go down to Miami.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I mean, it was from what I saw because I was at work.
I was watching a little on TV and I was listening to it and then they had a radic
devor act singing, all I want for Christmas is my two front teeth.
Right.
And I said, I can't listen to this.
I mean, come on, man.
Yeah.
Well, it was a great run and it's over now and let's get it right.
You know what I'm saying?
He's no comedian, right?
Right.
Any stretch of the imagination, the guy is blame.
Yeah, he told me off the air that he was sensational.
Yeah, well, I baked a different.
He took a poll.
He took a poll of one.
He looked at the mirror and said, damn, you were great.
Yeah, well, I mean, in his own mind, maybe.
Legendary.
Okay, pal.
What would you think?
Yes, sir, in closing.
Jeff Rimmer, you're an asshole.
Okay.
Oh, he's going to be upset about that.
You know, you can't have thin skin if you're going to be in his business reamer.
We have an open line in date, 7519-463-751-WIOD.
And he probably wouldn't be except for the fact that it sounded like Dina was just on the collar.
Twenty after one at WIOD at Candle Toyota, your old car is worth at least three grand toward the purchase of every new Toyota in stock by any new to sell.
Camry, Corolla, Paseo, Land Cruiser to come a truck, T100, Avalan or Camry, Wagon, and Candle Toyota will pay you at least $3,000 for your old car.
Just drive the old gelopy down to Candle Toyota, even if it's worth like 50 cents, even if you can barely get it there.
It's still worth at least three grand toward the purchase of any great new Toyota.
They've got over 800 brand new ones that have been clearly marked with the one lowest selling price right there on the windshield.
That's your best price, not just a Candle, but anywhere in the universe.
No haggling, no hassling, one price selling, and your old car is worth at least three grand on your trade.
$3,000 trade offer, I knew 96 Toyota is based on an MSRP offer, non-conjecture with any other offer, one trade for deal on approved credit.
Vehicle must be in purchase with name, percent title upon delivery.
Mark Jacobson's a douchebag.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Hey, look for me, sunny earth, Sean W.I.N.Z.
It's August.
Some days, everything takes more time than you expect.
Fortunately, dinner doesn't have to be that way, because in 30 minutes or less, you can put together a beef dinner your family will think took hours to prepare.
That's why at our lean south, the kids are starting to feel a little queasy at the wolfing down that chilly mac.
And across town, the Bradfords are gathered around the toilet bowl, bumping up the last of their beefy angelottas.
And even now, Ben and Carol Baker are thinking about that funny tasting meatloaf they have for dinner, while they're being rushed in an ambulance to the emergency room with the worst stomach cramps in their lives.
You see, in 30 minutes or less, you may be able to put together a beef dinner, but given all the prep time involved, you won't have time to actually cook it.
Raw beef, and E. coli, it's what's for dinner.
Oh, no, I don't have it, sir. Get out of here.
125 at WIOD, we have an open line at it. Plus, you're a Bruins fan. Get out of here. Stop putting on an act for us. Okay.
Oh, my God. 7519-463-751-WIOD. It seems to me we swept through a Bruins, so I'll write off our back in five games.
My God, probably could have been four, but we felt sorry for him, and wanted to wrap it up at home.
I was like playing a girls' team. Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Meal, on the first time caller.
Great.
I think. Finally got the nerve to call you up.
Finally grew up here, right?
We sit in the same section as you for the Panthers games. We're up down in front, and I've never had the nerve to even come by and say hi to you at the game.
Why not?
I don't know. One time when I had a beer, I came by and said, hey, I like your show and then ran off.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Last night we went to, we did not go to the rally either. My husband said this is going to be ridiculous.
And now I don't feel so, you know, alone. Like I was the only one that didn't go. I don't want to feel left out.
Well, and when I was reading the paper, there were people there who had gotten there at four, but they still didn't get in because they were standing at the wrong entrance.
Uh-huh.
So, uh, really?
They were not just opening up the whole place.
And so then it's like, well, do we want to watch it on Channel 6 or Channel 7?
It's like, well, do you want to watch Rick Sanchez or Tony Sogretto? What a choice.
Mm-hmm.
So, uh, and then, um, I was also listening to you talking about the jerks throwing the rats on the ice.
Yeah.
And I thought that that was a wonderful thing until I just think the fans carried it too far.
They killed it. They butchered it. They killed the rats.
All they wanted to do was go there and throw rats. They weren't in the game.
Get drunk and throw rats.
Right.
And there was one time when it looked like the panthers had scored because the puck had landed on the back of the net.
Right. Ray Shepard hit the outside of the net.
Exactly. And everybody I even thought they scored. We were all cheering and it was no good, but all these rats came down and broke the momentum of the game.
And they had to take it out to centerize or to play again.
Yeah.
And that was terrible.
Terrible isn't the word for it. In fact, if we had knowledgeable people, we'd have to hell of a lot more people calling in screaming bloody murder about that.
Because that was one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen in my life at any sporting event anywhere.
And it just, it's just mind boggling.
Yeah. I agree.
And then the game is going on and the guys are skating around out there in a sea of rats.
And they still, even after they cleaned them up, there were still people throwing them.
Oh, yeah. Right.
And the crowd took up this chan of asshole.
Yeah, right. That was great. And to me, well, what can I tell you?
Well, that's all I finally got through and I talked to you and I just wanted to say too that I've always loved your show.
I think you're hilarious. And that's it.
And have a great day.
Okay, Neil. Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Open line of dates, 7519-463-751-WIOD, that rat throwing business with a minute left in the third period or I think it was exactly 44 seconds.
It was one of the most grotesque and darkest and nastiest episodes in the history of the human race.
And will never, ever be accepted again. I got news for you.
Even during the season now, we didn't have the rampant kind of crap.
But every now and then we'd have some drunken idiots in here and they would start throwing sodas out there or beers.
You know, they'd start throwing crap. And of course that stuff hits the ice and it freezes right away.
And they got to come out and scrape the crap up and it stops, slows down the game, brings everything to a halt.
And if we got any momentum going at the moment, just brings it to a screeching halt.
But they don't confuse those guys because they figure if they pay their way in or they fake their way in or they bribe their way in or whatever the hell it is,
that they got a right to be as much of an asshole as they want, which you're wrong.
It's only when you got a radio show they have that right.
Here's a lady in Davie. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a first time caller.
Go another one.
Yeah, another one that has got up my nerves to call you.
How do you like that?
I know. And my birthday is the same day as yours too.
Oh my gosh, yep.
Did you read the paper this morning?
Yeah.
Okay, the article by what's his name, Dan?
I'm a livertower.
Why don't we, the hero, Dan LaBaster?
Yeah, I don't really have.
Yeah, him. Okay.
Well, he's writing a nice article about how the community is coming together and at the very end, he just put one line in there about, did you know he said something like,
did you notice that nobody in the crowd was, everybody in the crowd was white.
Like, he's trying to, I don't know, I got the feeling he was trying to start something.
Yeah, everything is nice and then, yeah.
That sounds like I hate Goldberg thing, you know what saying?
Well, it didn't bring the town together because the black people didn't come in there.
Well, the fact is there were, you know, not a tremendous number, but there were several black people in the crowd there with the games and also with the rally.
I saw plenty of them on the TV thing.
But the bottom line is it's not a black sport first of all, number one.
And number two, if you go to any of the other professional sporting events, you don't see black people in the crowd for a few because they can't afford to be there.
We don't have hardly any middle-erupper class black people in this town.
Unfortunately, most of the black people here are not that well off.
Yeah, well, I just, I mean, I didn't even think of it because who cares who goes to the games or what color they are.
Right. You know, why would he, I think he's just trying to get, I'm just thinking, just a shot to stir,
Yeah, just to do it, just to get something started.
Well, let's give him two years off like March shot.
Yeah, I think he needs it.
Okay. Sounds good to me.
I'm off in.
All right.
Neil, God.
Ever great life.
You too.
Okay.
Dan LaBasters.
See, that's what you get when you read the hero, you get Ajita, you get Barthburn.
Open line of day, did I just say that over and over and over again.
I keep saying these numbers in my dreams and my sleep in my nightmares.
Didn't I tell you ahead nightmares about this place?
Oh, I'm so glad I talked about that openly on the air about people who lie to you right to your push.
I told you that.
Yeah.
They really give you this song in a dance.
But I got tired of all the bull crap.
You know, they got tired of, they got tired of being tired.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I've been waiting forever.
How you doing?
Okay.
You said you want to hear from women?
Now you've got to have a friend.
We're in a row now.
Three in a row.
And I'm not a first time caller either.
A triple bagger with trifecta, a turkey.
There you go.
Hey, listen, I got another comment to make about your friend, Rimmer.
Yeah.
I went down last night.
It wasn't too bad.
I was expecting to see riots and fights and all kind of craziness.
But it wasn't too bad getting in except for, you know, the three doors that they had opened
for a couple thousand people.
Yeah, for 15,000 people, right?
But Rimmer, I mean, all along the season, you've been saying how great CBC is.
They know when to dump me up and let the crowd take over when something good is going on.
Last night, Beezer gets up.
He gets a standing ovation.
I think he's so very well deserved.
Everyone starts chanting.
Now, let me explain it to you again.
I'd said this is not to defend Rimmer because he's indefensible.
But the whole thing was choreographed for television.
It was going to be over by eight o'clock, come hell or high water.
And so they had a timing problem, which to me, that's really sad because I know that when even when the Beezer came out
from the big pan through there when they made the initial introductions,
that the ovation could have gone on for 20 minutes and it should have.
But unfortunately, everything had to be cut short for TV.
Yeah, that's pretty sad because everyone was just going wild with Beezer and he deserved it.
And Rimmer had to pipe in and say, everyone, calm down, we have to move things along.
That's TV. They control everything.
Got to love it.
Got to hate it.
Yeah, got to hate it.
But it was nice anyhow. We enjoyed.
Good.
Hey, listen, the guy who called in earlier asking about Doug McLean, I don't know what he was talking about, but he played for Philly.
No chance.
He's the only time he played, he played in college at the University of Prince Edward Island.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I got the Florida Panthers media guide here and I looked it up.
Jesus.
But no wonder they like him so much at Tim Hortons, he probably grew up there.
There you go, Prince Edward Island.
It doesn't say how long he played. I guess not too long.
But he knows how to coach a team.
Yes, he does.
He's a hell of a guy.
And these are definitely the only guy in the million dollar club on our team.
He makes 2.18 million.
Sounds right to me.
Yeah.
Sounds a little low after this playoff.
Your good friend Needle knows is at the top of the list with 6.5.
Okay, maybe they'll spear them during the World Cup, but we won't have to worry about him anymore.
There you go.
And number two, I think it's probably your second favorite behind Dino is Mark Messier at 6 million.
Okay.
Got to love it.
I already ate thanks for the good news.
All right, man.
Bye.
Open line and date 751 W.I.O.D.
We got one in Broward there waiting for you.
5249 463 for all you people that took your little 2 year old kids and all the infants and all the little bratty punks over there to the arena last night and sat around.
I hear they give beverages out for free.
That's what the rumor was that the dwenks were for free.
What little ones?
Oh, beverages, you mean?
So, yeah, I don't know if that's true or not.
I just have a difficult time envisioning that because I asked about, in fact, yesterday on the air we asked about several different things, but of course they weren't given us any information because we're small potatoes and we don't count.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was at the arena last night.
The reason they were giving them soda though is because they weren't serving beer.
Yeah.
There was no beer.
But I just thought of that.
Well, thank God for that.
Yeah, I know.
I'm playing soda.
Well, they were giving all the sodas out for free.
Yeah.
For 15,000 people?
Yeah, they were medium sized sodas.
But was it chaotic?
It was pretty chaotic.
That was debating on waiting in line to get my seat back down on the arena there.
But I was just wondering if anyone else saw the rat fly from a center rice, upper deck, and slap high thing right in the forehead.
Missed that, dammit.
Oh, it was the highlight of my day.
You mean last night?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
It was something else, Neil.
I knew there was a use for him.
I just wanted to mention that to you.
OK, thanks a lot.
All right.
Have a great life, hey.
Canuck.
We have an open line at day 751.
We got an open line at Broward 524.
So Phil Henry's on here today to announce he is going to Atlanta.
He's going to be broadcasting all of the Olympics, including Olympic pinnacle, badminton, nose pickin', etc.
Curling.
That's the rumor that Melissa Regieri started in her big column this morning about WBGG.
And then, of course, she adds a few gratuitous lines in there to make it seem like she's writing about something else.
Boy, the scam and the sham continues.
And, by the way, how's Tim Horton doing, Rachel?
Are they done yet?
Not yet.
There's something fresh, baking and Tim Horton's oven.
It kind of smells stale to me, I'll tell you.
135 at WIOD.
Full card, cymbal casting is back at Pompano Park, yet that winning feeling at Pompano Park,
while you enjoy Florida's finest nighttime peer mutual action.
The summer schedule is this.
Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, three nights a week, we had live on track racing,
with the post-time at 730, and full card cymbal casting from the Meadowlands.
And, of course, as I told you before, starting July 1st, we're going to have cymbal casting from on Tuesday and Thursday on Darknights,
from Hazel Park in Detroit and the Meadowlands.
You'll be able to plunge your brains out on Kevin Wallace at Detroit at Hazel Park.
That's going to be on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and we'll still have a course Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday,
live local racing and the Meadowlands cymbal cast full card.
And when you're at Pompano Park, be sure to check out the great International Buffet on the fourth floor in the dining room.
It is fantastic.
1495 for all you can eat every night between 6 and 10 pm.
So, plunge your brains out.
Stuff you've got to have a great time at Pompano Park.
Take I-95 with the turnpike to the Atlantic Boulevard Exit in Pompano Beach.
Pompano Park is just a block south of Atlantic on race track and power line road.
Good times, good food, and great racing.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post-time, 730.
Don't let the absence of dolphins talk fool you.
It's still 610 W-I-O-D.
It's still the home of the dolphins.
And when the ice melts, we'll bring you up to speed on all of JJ's doing.
Let's see if you see dolphins on radio.
News talking entertainment radio.
610 W-I-O-D.
Let's just go get drunk.
Introducing Face Down Barbie.
She's a beer guzzlin vodka drink and gal who knows what she wants.
Give me a double scotch to the beer chaser and he might have opened.
Face Down Barbie. She's got an open tab and an open mind.
Brought to you? How would you like to take me home tonight?
Sorry, I'm married.
Yeah, well, so am I. You want to be my husband or your ex-daniel?
I think you need a ride home but not with me.
Hey Ken, give Barbie a ride home before she passes out.
Too late, loader in the car.
Face Down Barbie. Designated driver, miniature liquor bottles and bartenders sold separately.
140 W-I-O-D. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Thank God we get back to Hurricane Bupa.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, let's go to a Tamarack. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I'd like to say real quick, I respect your knowledge for the game of hockey.
I'm a Neil Granger fan and I really don't believe that these people down here,
these Johnny Cum Laith, these and some of the fans really know what they have going on here.
It takes a lot of cities, it takes a lot of years to get where the Panthers have got to today.
And I just don't see you. The game of hockey is growing very rapidly, not as fast as some people would like it to.
But I'll tell you, it's just, these people that talked about the Panthers this year, about not being, about being a boring team, I'll tell you.
They're jackasses, they have no idea. I don't know which game they're watching.
Because I tell you, Tuesdays and Thursdays and Saturdays, I'm kind of lost.
And I'm a Ranger fan and I used to come home and watch in the games.
And I tell you, I don't think that people realize what they have here.
No, I don't think most of them have the appreciation of what it means.
I mean, it's one thing to be enthusiastic, which is great.
But it's another thing when you really have some idea of the history of the game and understand who the players are on all of the teams
and what it's all about. But, you know, what can I tell you?
Yeah.
This is one of those very backwards towns where most of the people, even ones that came here from somewhere else, seem to have majored in hibernating as a lifestyle.
I don't know what their deal was and now they're discovering life.
Yeah, last night I was watching the news and you got these kids and people on TV saying, talking about the rats next year, it's growing them on.
They don't care what, you know, it's like, there's just...
Wait a minute, people were saying that last night?
Yeah, on Channel 7, they were outside. The people that were locked out, you know, and they were talking about the rats.
And there was a guy running around selling rats and they were like, well, the rats were there.
I got a real surprise for him. There ain't going to be nobody throwing anything.
The rats are doing anything else next year. Their ass is going to be out of there and they won't be coming back out.
Don't worry, I'll forget about it. Throw the ass right out.
Right.
Thanks, Neil. Thanks for everything this year and I like to call somebody a douchebag.
Yeah. Jimmy Johnson and Miami Duffins, your douchebag.
Okay, pal. Bye.
We have an open line in... Where is it? Broward, 5249463.
What time is that Jimmy Johnson show start, by the way, on the IOD?
Here's the lady in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi there.
Yes, ma'am.
Look how many women are calling you.
Four.
Wow.
Wow.
I do, boy.
I wanted to give you a special thanks for the t-shirt and the rat.
Uh-huh.
I adore them. As a matter of fact, I mounted the rat in my office with a little sign that reads Go Panther.
You mounted it, huh?
Uh-huh.
And in gratitude, I decided to send you one of my son's three-minute demo videos.
We were going to send him one to Richard Gear, but we were afraid he was going to do the same thing.
You were going to send me one of his... Oh, yeah.
Yeah, remember?
The Calvin Klein model that you freaked over his body?
Where is it?
Oh, it's in the mail.
Oh, great.
Yeah, I mailed it this morning.
All right.
All right, so I'm sure you'll get a kick out of that.
It's only three minutes long. It won't bore you.
So, uh, be on the lookout.
Okay. All right.
Thanks. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Open line in Dave County 7519463. 751.
W-I-O-D. Here's Margate. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Uh, with our spy report, uh, with regard to the light bulb?
Yes, sir. Sounds like a light bulb, with a list of... Yes?
Oh, please. Give me more credit than that.
Um, Steve Cain was saying that they're going to have a...
Well, if you're not a light bulb, what would you know that?
Uh, because I do listen once in a while.
Oh, okay.
So, what were you saying? It'll give me a break.
Yeah, because I, you know, sometimes when I get...
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Okay. Go ahead.
Um, real quick. Um, so with regard to having a remote or having a party in FTL night at POPPINO,
next Wednesday. Yeah.
And of course, Steve Cain mentioned, uh, maybe Uncle Neil will sit with us.
No, Uncle Neil has his own box and we'll not be sitting with him.
Uh, yeah, no doubt. And with regard to Rick's vitamin...
Well, what does that have to do with? We don't care, I see.
When I said I wanted to find out about the light bulb,
I'm talking about the changes that are going on in this meeting they're having tomorrow.
I'm not interested in all this internessing horse crap that goes on over there.
We don't care about it.
Okay, with regard to the lineup, you mean the line?
Yeah, changing...
Yeah, changing the line.
Yeah, but they're all being moved to different timesplots.
Meaning what? They're going to shuffle them all around?
They're going to shuffle them all around. Yeah, they're going to...
Oh my God, shades of the old WS News when Dennis Collins used to shake the deck up
and keep moving the same people around over and over and over.
Exactly.
And they look how good that worked. We got their tombstone right out in front here.
Controversial radio is in with WFTL and like, uh,
SIDAMIN will be hooked up with Norm Kent and Steve Cain will be hooked up with, uh...
Oh, well...
I don't think I can handle this pressure.
Okay, let me take a couple of value and I'll talk to you.
Neil? Yes?
Uh, Go Panthers.
Okay.
Two open lines. That's an FDL guy, a real geek.
Two open lines in Dade, 751 WYOD, 751 9463,
and we got one on the Green Line.
And the reason I know that is because Steve, of course, is on during the period when this show was on.
He's not like what, nine to noon.
So naturally, in the middle of my show, he might be turning over listening
or maybe it was between American sudsworn, but I'm on during that hour.
So I was still in here.
So what does that tell you about his loyalty and where his brain is at, huh?
The light bulb.
Oh my God.
They're gonna shuffle them all around.
Well, hey, guess what?
That ain't gonna do squat.
And what's the purpose of that anyway?
See, I know I don't want to start opening up a big mouth, but in this business, people like continuity.
They like, like, reneary being on in the morning.
17 years in a row, okay?
Like, whoever it is, like, I've been doing middays now for many, many several years, like, for a few years, like, for a couple of minutes.
Like, people expect, you know, what I'm talking about?
On your radio experts out there.
Now let's shuffle them.
That keeps shuffling them all around.
Take the same old worn out stuff and just keep shuffling and shuffling and shuffling and shuffling and shuffling.
Well, shuffled us.
146.
That's pretty astonishing news.
The WIOD, when you're hungry for great casual seafood, the place to go is shells, especially with shells new crawfish, Jubilee menu.
You can try their sweet-buyue crawfish that's already, uh, shells, so what's easy to eat.
Try it instead of shrimp for a great new taste in the shell's tradition.
Other New Orleans dishes you're going to love too, like Jack Daniels, for a Buffalo Fried Crawfish.
It's hand-bredded crawfish covered in Buffalo sauce and fried golden brown, and it's only $495.
The Burberan Street pasta is sweet crawfish, sauteed and served overling guinea for just $8.95.
Or try the big easy.
Mahi, Mahi, fresh off the grill top with sauteed crawfish, or if you're from like, south, and you're called it the big easy.
Try shells new crawfish, Jubilee menu, with two shells locations in candle in the T.J. Max Pleasant that's right at the corner of sunset and 117th Street.
And in sunrise on the university drive just north of sunrise Boulevard.
George.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
Alright, he's talking a little bit about playing a game that essentially amounts to a playoff game already as a final act of the regular season.
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
What's the first?
I had a chick named Bay.
One day she flew away.
To T.O. I know where the moon is, but the love will always be.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that mustn't slip.
To do it tell you how I feel for kids.
That's the first day.
So...
If you see K&G on up,
And I'll see you with T.O. on up too.
Now if you see K, tell her I've a sunny stay.
And the S.C.C. won't let me sing this.
So I'll lie to you today.
Now if you see K, take her hand.
Tell me say that after this transmission
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K and T.O. on up.
Then I'll see you with T.O. on up.
Go on up. Go on up.
Got to see you with T.O. on up too.
So anyway, speaking of all these changes
and the light bulb and all these rumors that Melissa Roger is starting
because she don't have any information.
So she got nothing else to write about us that big.
But other than that, I'm wondering Erin,
how long can somebody stay on here in Limbo?
I mean, basically, Paxton's already said that bitch is out.
And the cops people longer go said...
I just can't stand that, so...
So where does that leave her?
Between a rock and a hard...
So anyway, 151 at WIOD.
Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I have a high connection for you.
You know, it would be unreasonable to expect the panthers
to duplicate this year next year,
but I expect them to be extremely competitive.
The last few years, Stanoze, Minnesota, and...
Who else? I had a cup run.
Vancouver.
And then they fall off the face of the earth.
What do the panthers have to do to stay up there and stay competitive?
Get a lot of luck.
They have to get better and they have to get lucky.
You know, I'm in your life, but I'm telling you,
that's what it requires.
Stay healthy. You've got to get a couple of more offensive players.
One more solid defenseman.
Some of the young kids have got to mature a little bit more,
and then they've got to have some luck, and they've got to stay healthy.
You know, you're talking about an 82 game season.
We're not talking about football, about 16 games.
Each game is spread a week apart.
Right.
We're talking about 82 long-grooming games,
like every other night, sometimes three or four in one week.
You know, one of the things that I noticed that I thought the panthers could use
is a booming shot from the point.
Nobody just blasts a puck.
Yeah.
I mean, disturbing their day.
Well, what does that have to do with what you just asked, ma'am?
Well, what does that mean?
I mean, if it has to do with the power play improving dramatically,
that's definitely part of it, too.
Right.
But that's also part of creating more offense.
Right.
I mean, you know, the last couple of these you guys have on that have talked about,
you know, what else they're going to do, get a couple more snipers,
and I would just say one of the things I think we need is a guy with a hand.
I know one guy.
I know one guy.
I know one guy.
Do that.
One of the best shots in the history of the game.
Tim Horton.
He's on a way, pal.
I'll take a dozen plays.
Okay.
See you.
He's laughing, man.
Tim Horton.
He could shoot it.
I'll tell you that right now.
He could really bang it.
Two open lines in date, 7519-463.
We have one on the, of course, not like Jim Dory.
He could really bang it.
And I'll bet.
And at Jim McKinney.
But now I'm talking about guys that you never heard of before.
And if they walked into your house right now and beat you with the two by four,
you'd say, who the hell are you?
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'm a black professional here in our four Lauderdale.
You're a professional black?
Yeah, because that professional black man.
Okay.
All right.
And I just wanted to spill that rumor that you said earlier about them not being enough.
There are plenty of black professionals down here.
It's just that there are not too many venues that you see a lot of black professionals out at publicly.
Number one.
Well, are you on hiding or something or what?
That was not a matter of hiding.
It's that number one, hockey doesn't interest most black people.
Yeah.
They're the truth.
And they're more important issues going on right now in the black community.
For instance, another church got burned this morning.
And I haven't heard you say anything about that.
Another church got burned where?
In Oklahoma.
What does that have to do with here?
Well, it's one of the issues that we have.
So in other words, you're saying that all professional blacks, as you call them,
everybody who's not in the ghetto is an activist.
Is that what you're saying?
There's nothing else in life to be concerned about?
Yeah, there's a lot to be concerned about.
But, you know, we all supported the Panthers.
I have some black friends that had the flags on their cards.
So that's the point?
My point is that there is over when it's time to move on.
Talk about some different issues.
I'm not interested in talking.
First of all, in other words, you're going to orchestrate what we talk about on this show.
This is not a topical show.
I don't talk about people burning churches down or anything else down.
Well, that's why I tune into Phil Henry.
I used that for comic relief.
I just tune in early today.
Oh, so in other words, you don't listen to this show.
You just had a radio accident.
Pretty much.
But even though you don't listen to this show, you still feel compelled to call in here
and tell me what to talk about.
Well, you know, you made the room.
If people were to hear that, you know, they're not black professionals down here,
the way you made it.
I'll stand by my statement.
We have a relatively small compared to cities like Chicago and Philadelphia and Atlanta.
And many in Atlanta is a good example.
And Detroit, we have a very, very small population of, we have an, an disproportionate percentage
of the black population here that's living in either in the ghettos or very close to it.
What do you go to the heat game?
No, I do not.
And neither do hardly any black people either.
Oh, there's about 16 or 16 or 20 of us to go.
Oh, well, there you go.
So what does that, I guarantee I'll find at least 10, 15 black people at every Panther game, every game.
I've never been to one.
I might go to one next season.
Well, better than that, heat crap.
I'll tell you that.
Have a good one.
Okay, pal.
Thanks for running our show.
Yeah, he says it was a radio accident.
He turns into Phil Henry for comic relief.
He don't expect Phil Henry to talk about the churches being burned down.
He don't listen to the show God forbid.
And somehow he knows though that I don't go to the heat games.
He seems to know an awful lot about what I say.
Even though he pretends he don't listen to the show as if who the hell are you kidding brother?
Mother.
150.
You see, they're always talking about, I don't know what it is with black people.
They're always talking about relatives.
You know, I guess it's a family thing.
You know, it's either brother or mother or sister as opposed to, hey, girl friend.
Oh, if I have to hear that one more time, I'm serious.
I'm not a violent guy, but if I hear one more bitch say, oh, God.
Hey, girl friend.
How you doing, girl friend?
And that's not a black thing.
That's just a bitch thing.
I don't know what that is.
Although I think Oprah had something to do with starting it.
Oprah.
Open wide, bitch.
Boy, I can't stand her.
It's not because she's black.
It's because she's disgusting.
She's a pig.
I'll see.
There you go again.
Jesse will be down here in no time.
It's got to be a racial thing.
She could be white as the fallen snow and she still makes me sick.
Here's a lady in dear field.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
OK.
I'm surprised none of your colors have I mentioned a stupid comment that putts very
millrose made during game four.
It was done so.
I think it was done at the first overtime and the beasur had blocked two shots off the
avalanche.
And he makes the comment, oh jeez, I wish those shots hadn't been blocked because I could be at the
Clevelander right now.
Yeah, I heard somebody I think was on QAM.
Somebody was talking about that is if we really care what Barry Melrose says.
See, those of us with satellite dishes and with common sense and good taste, we didn't
watch Barry Melrose.
Unfortunately, we do much better about ourselves than about life.
Yep.
I wanted to thank you for turning us on to hockey and we live in dear field so we get
chance to feel all the pants or players around and go panthers.
We love you.
OK.
OK.
See you.
Yeah, we just don't care about Barry Melrose.
I hate to break the news to you.
In fact, like I said the other day, if this was a town with any class, they would have beaten
the livin's snot out of him when he was sitting on a platform there a game for.
He was right there out in the open for the taking and they would have just gone down there.
Would only take in ten or twelve big guys.
Actually, we're going to take in one big guy and just beating the crap out of him and giving
him a haircut and say, hey, cut the crap and get out of our town.
And that would have shown that we had some real class in this place, but obviously we don't.
Here is the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to thank you for the fact that you've turned hockey on the third stop floor on the
hockey and you call it like it is.
Whether it's brighter or whether it's wrong, you said how good, the muon jagger were, you didn't
put them down.
The Panthers had a great series.
But the thing I wanted to tell you is that you read in the paper Saturday, your Sunday,
that all these people that bought the high price ticket, the three and four hundred dollar shot tickets,
they were selling them back.
Half price.
Half less than half price.
Right.
Now that's the typical Miami fans.
There we go.
You're going to say that's the typical thing.
Well, I just want to take a broad brush and knock everybody down, but there's an awful lot of those people
around here, probably more than in most communities that have real sports fans.
This isn't the sports town.
It's never going to be a sports town.
You're right.
They're spoiled.
This is a very, very fickle bunch of people who, whatever happens to be hot at the moment, they're all excited
about her or pretend to be.
And you look at UM football, you look at the dolphins, you look at her, look at Hurricane baseball for crying out loud.
They just missed by one pitch winning the college world series, which I grant you.
It's only college sports, but nevertheless it was a major story.
There weren't five people talking about that in this town.
I agree.
So, we're going to bring all the sports mavens on the year.
I mean, I think the question is, what do you think is going to happen next year?
Are they going to be selling this to Ren out?
What do you think these fans are going to be doing?
I think we'll make enough of a new fan base that will sell out most of the games, yes I do.
I hope so, because you've got to remember all we need is another couple of thousand people to sell out every home game.
I mean, even the worst attendance we had, we had maybe 3,000 empty seats.
I think we'll come close to selling out all the games because we've made many thousands of new fans
and also many, many thousands more of Fony fans.
That's right.
I mean, these guys deserve it in the utmost.
I mean, I don't understand.
In the last 10 years, as much as I don't want to admit it, I'm not a Kane fan.
But we've had the best program for the last 10 years.
More than that.
More than 10.
And they cannot sell the...
Why is it only maybe one 40 day show?
Why do I broadcast you of M Baseball from 78 through 82?
Five seasons and it went to the college world series every year.
Great, right.
Five years in a row.
And they won in 82.
And I always say, why does university in Michigan sell out 115 or 10,000?
Oh, you're talking about football now.
Well, who the hell cares about that?
Well, I know that everybody says there's nothing to do up there.
Because they don't care about it.
Don't you get the message pal?
They don't care.
They don't give a flying crap.
Well, you're great.
You know, you should be the one.
And now it's an easy thing to give up.
Okay, nothing to suffer already.
Have a great day.
Get out of here.
Guys, making me just want to get on my hands and ease and puke.
Or is it that aroma in the air?
No, it's not.
The aroma in the air is great.
Can't you like what?
Well, you don't understand.
You expect a miracle.
I mean, it's still very repugnant.
I mean, very much in the air.
Like, loud.
Tomorrow will be not quite so loud.
It'll be all the mold and disease will be killed.
And probably everything that comes in here in between.
Operating outside the lines.
And damn happy to be here.
W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Always call for an entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
