79 degrees in South Florida. That's it for now. I'm Juan Neil is next on talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D
Talk in entertainment radio
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale
I O D
Talk in entertainment radio 610 W I O D a Paxing Company presents the deal Roger show to talk to the O call 751 W I O D
524 W I O D and Broward outside the Broward call 1 890 44 W I O D AT&T wireless and Bell South Lauderdale callers to use pound I O D
Now the Neil Roger show on talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D
It's Friday you best good
She's back she's back and she's mad
Barbara Bush she and her posse are tracking down the world's biggest bad guy
So bad we get a dude to that get a belly side one there once we catch him well
First I figure out teach that main g-varm and to read and then I'll string him up
She's judge and juric in her own kangaroo court
It's hang him high starring Barbara Bush and Clint Eastwood
It looks like he's high tailed it towards the east slim
Yeah, you and Debbie ride on the head and cut him off at literacy pass
Oh
Sane can run but he can't huh. He's got a date with a tall camel and a short roll
In hang on the high high-hole
What are you trying to say to it? So anyway, it's 1003 at W I O D happy Friday morning boy
Did we have an uplifting experience yesterday?
Oh wow
Got the tour of the new W I O D studios up there in Hollywood. I'm gonna tell you something you could eat off the floor
You have never seen anything so majestic so state of the art so phenomenal
You've never seen anybody especially after what we've gone through last three four years
I mean we can't even get a paperclip in this joint
These people have spent millions of dollars and it's and it's only the beginning
To give us state of the art we're gonna be able to do stuff up there that you wouldn't even believe
But anyway before we get to that we got great hockey section in the USA today by the way
Even if you're not one of those regular people it likes the color pictures
USA today has got a bonus pull-out section today on the hockey season which begins tonight of course and
It's great. I mean it has got more crap in here
It also says may believe Sergei Berrazen leads talented rookie core. That's the only thing we got
He scores a hundred and fifty goals this year. Liefs might have a chance
But it's got all this great stuff on here
It's got about the different teams about the dynasties are hard to build
It's got all the rosters of every team
It's got a synopsis on each team who they pick who they don't panthers by the way they pick looks to me like they're picking us
Third behind the flyers and the Rangers in our division
Which at least is better than that hockey show the United where they picked us forth all of it has a few cost of comments
And nobody believed in this last year
So why should they believe us this year? And then it's got the team by team schedules on the last inside page for all the teams in league
So if you're a hockey fan even if you don't have TCI
This is definitely something you ought to get USA today today
Also speaking of TCI
While I was up there in Hollywood with our people people's your tells me the good news the first complaint already
We haven't even moved in the new building yet. They already got a phone call yesterday
Guess who from TCI? Oh
They're upset poor babies. They're upset
They're upset because I got in a year and I gave that phone number out in their internal memo
It says that what's your name there? She wants to hear from the customers and she haven't only got 10 million calls
And he's a little upset. He's going on here saying this and saying that and that to call us
Yeah, we want people to call you because now it's Friday the opening game is tomorrow night and you people are still
Dittling around and are trying to put off the public and people are getting picked off
So anyway Jeff rumor is here this morning
And you can ask him whatever you want right?
Absolutely to Panthers begin this season tomorrow night. We're heading off to Philadelphia this afternoon and
We may get an update before we leave the air today with regards to direct TV
Yeah, and the hope is that
Vitamin or night and doesn't look like TCI will be on board. No, hopefully they will not be on board
Vitamin or night. So it'll probably be a mad rush to brandsmart and all the other spots
Don't forget this and that is all the way to see there are a lot of people who have direct TV
Who may not be real big sports fans?
So they only have the basic package?
Yeah, but if they have the basic package and they find out that if they get the sports package
They're going to get the sports channel Florida on there
They'll be on a phone with direct TV like immediately if not sooner of course they can do that right over the phone as we speak
Negotiations continue from what I understand between East Coast and the West Coast and the hope is that there's nothing
If you don't yeah, why do you keep playing that in the background? You're just because rumors here?
So anyway, we got Jim Leland is coming to manage the Marlin
Great great great got the umpires walk it out
More trouble with baseball which they just keep shooting themselves in the leg and
The beat of dog McLean here in the next we're gonna talk to Doug McLean
I got a great suggestion on something he might shop for you up in Philadelphia. I know they don't have any here
Well, we should also probably call it Don Cherry. We might call it Don Cherry
We might feel some good time so Rimmer can avoid the obvious and can evade growing up and being a man
One thing I would warn you on this show at any given moment here in the first part of the show today
Beware of exploding balls, but don't worry about it too much. That's my suggestion
Okay, that even Jennifer knew she knew what was going on
Well, this man is cut. Let me just I don't want to ally by for you
But you're cut between a rock and a hard place is what you said which is a good excuse
For the fact that you're just holding out the man hopes here someday he gets a job
He hopes that somebody hires him besides sports Channel Florida. He's only gonna be busy doing a
65 hockey games probably on the baseball telecast doing pregame and postgame and all kinds of other stuff
He's gonna be working 13 months out of there, but he's just holding out that hope that the phone is gonna ring and who do you think is gonna be on the other end?
Maybe it'll be Hank
Well, just a couple things I will straighten out here. Well, yeah, I will all right here. We go number one
Yes, number one. I mean we don't eat a fanfare number one
I guess Hank and I didn't hear it, but Hank the other day I'm told
That he said I was suing two people at QAM, which is just
Yeah, as you know and I think everybody here in South Florida knew back
Well, I guess it's several months ago now some things were said on the morning show
About my son Josh right we're totally inaccurate. There was a young high school soccer player with a name grimer or grimes or something
Right that's stepped on
Some kids head and the whole nine yards and I guess the boys were having some fun
But the one guy in particular which was the guy that I had all my problems with when I was at QAM was
Yosegaki and
You know he said well, it's a cheap shot. What do you expect looking at his father is but anyway?
We asked for the
Yosegaki sucks, okay?
Because we never heard that yeah, and if it was anybody else that has a son and all the and again
he's not in the public eye and
No need to even talk about the kid but for that to erroneously be said when everybody knows where we live in Coral Springs
And the Harris is kid in Hollywood stepping on somebody else's head
We just thought that we should listen to the tapes etc
But we listen to him and not to make him out out of a mohill
We just decided to to walk away right or wrong. We decided to walk away. So there was never any
any
Well, you know you're not something anybody there right and
Well, hey can say what he wants to say and I'm not gonna get down to his level, but the fact where did this all start?
Didn't you get along with him when you were over there?
Hank was great to me. He really was
The guy the problem yeah, probably yeah, probably and allegedly I also started a rumor
He says that he was going to New York which I did not start the fact the matter isn't there members of it is if it was yesterday
We were sitting in Ottawa and Ron Colangelo who's now the PR guy for the for the Florida Marlins and
Chris Moore myself and Ray Murray were sitting there having lunch and
It was Chris Moore and Ron Colangelo that we're conversing and telling us what the story was with Hank and
The long and short of it is and I know it as true as today that Ray Murray came back to me and apologized because he told his editors
Hey, you better check on this because
There's a story in Ottawa that Hank may be going to New York to WFA. Yeah bottom line and all this
I mean, that's a promotion. I mean Hank working at the best sports radio station in the country
But anyway, Hank felt that it was me that started the rumor and he's been telling people I guess on the air ever since that
Totally he's in accurate. He's used that as an excuse to justify the relentless endless attacks
Against you, but it's interesting because I remember Andy Cald was the one even you didn't tell me that Andy Cald was the one
I don't know where he heard it who came to me and said I hear the Hank's going to the FAN that's the rumor and of course
You know me I always take that stuff and go and go with it because you know, that's just the way we do it here
Well, I talked to Ray Murray. I talked to Ray Murray the Sun set and all I got in kind of his face
I said listen
I said you don't need to be making making problems for me
I mean I work with Hank and Hank was pretty upset the first time we talked about it
But I thought at the end that I'd convinced him
After he actually did a tie-hate against Ron Colangelo on the air that it wasn't me who started the rumor
So is he going to FAN? No
Thanks for signing the car for hello Don. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Great. I'm always at the hurricane game on Saturday
Yeah, good games. This game is great. You know, we lost it was fact
But I wanted to know if you're going to the fan or not in New York
Now you're not now. There was a report that said that you were going to the fans in New York by the end of the month
I've never talked to the fan in New York and I wouldn't lie to you
I read it on I was he on so well, you know, I'm sorry, but it's not true. I don't care where you heard it
Well, that's what they said. He's doing different
What they said I don't know do you know I mean this is the school for
The radio from
That's taking his BS radio from sign-on to sign-offs and I can't believe how many suckers there are in his town
For a signal listening
Last year even near our firing do you remember that even near Roger the as well as you've yes radio
Excuse me last week they said Neil was leaving didn't they yeah, is he leaving? No, but I was a fool. That was
Yeah, right. Yeah, right so we got a little exercised about that and you know
Let me say it again. There were other people who started a rumor Andy Kale pass it along and I ran with it
And I'll be honest with you. I keep hearing those rumors again. I think Hank might be going to FA in in New York
I don't want to be involved
I mean, you know Hank can say what he wants to say, but there is reality and I'm not gonna get down
And dirty with Hank because again, Hank was one of the guys that did go to bat for me while I was at the station
He and Joe rose. Yeah, and quite frankly. He's using the bat in other ways again. Well
What what can I say but I'm not gonna get down to that level, but I don't want those things being used as excuses because they're not when
probably in reality the big reason why
Hakes
Upset with me is probably because I make all these appearances on your show
Yeah, and probably because he doesn't know anything about hockey and this is a good cover up for it is that during the playoffs when there was such an
Intensive amount of interest and people were just dying to hear more information about the panthers and about the playoffs
Is that it put him in a very difficult position and it was only after the playoffs were over
Sometime later on that he finally admitted he doesn't know anything about it
So what seemed to me that he would be anxious?
I mean if you want to be on a so-called all-sports station wouldn't you want to have people on who know something about sports that you don't know about
You would think Hank I'm telling you when I used to go in in the afternoon Hank would start laughing
So you know what Rimmer you're a
Refaced with your your breath of fresh air and no he he did go to bat for me
With the powers that be but but that time I was buried by that time I was buried by
Zagaki because I mean you can't believe some of the stuff that went on in that station in my shorts day there and quite frankly
The best time I had there
Yeah, Emma's one of the three weeks that I worked the morning show with Joe Rose and I got on there because Joe said
Hey, listen, I want to work with this guy. I want this guy in the morning show and Joe's the guy and and the fact
The matter is when the lawyers letter went to Q.A.M. and and
Joe got wind of it and Joe talked to me and actually didn't talk to me very much
But you know that he was pretty upset about it
But I said Joe my problem is not with you the problem was that the inaccuracies of of
Zagaki and I think that right from day one we had problems there
I mean I one time co-hosted a show with Joe Zagaki
Yeah, and people in the building were appalled because he was running down the the hall
Couldn't get to the old owners quick enough to
Bitch and complain that I was put on his show without his knowledge. I'm a talkie talk. It was crazy hockey hockey
No, it's also a hockey that's you want to do good sports talk radio and you know that radio is my love
Right next to the floor to Panthers and hockey radios my first love you want to do good sports radio
I worked at one of the great stations in America W.A.L. and Baltimore for 10 years your guest intensive your issue oriented
You get to the people that are making the news last week when this story broke on the on the baseball
Empire I knew about it eight hours before about the umpires potentially walking out
I talked to the umpire that was the crew chief there
I thought the way and in fact
It's a complete face kids on who work cheap and scream any Ellen the see how loud things if you want to talk to the crew chief
That that was right there with Alamar we can get them on the phone here in three minutes
Yeah, we got a lot of stuff going on. We got the umpires walking out allegedly. They're in court again this morning
We got Jim Leland coming here, which is a trip and only be ecstatic about that
We got the hockey season starting tomorrow night. We got just all kinds of crap going on
So beware of exploding balls. Okay, we'll get Doug McLean on a couple of minutes to and we'll see what he can add to
The mystery of the story 1015 at W.I.D. Jeff Rimmer the voice of the Panthers on sports channel Florida
Which some of us are gonna be seeing see I don't want to sound selfish
But I don't have any problem because I'm gonna get it
I got the big dish if you folks out there like the big one a nice big cigar and your person of course people would good taste
Everybody once in a while loves to light up and puff on something really great
Mike cigars is the place for it not just a premier cigar store in this town
But voted one of the top five cigar imporiums in the world by Forbes magazine
That's a sandalot because you know everybody in their brother
Dimes stores and drugstores mom and pop cigars stores a lot of places where you can just go and get a cheap cigar
But if you really are a cigar kind of swear they got over a thousand different brands of handmade homemade premium cigars
Whatever one you like they got a waiting for you there
And if you don't want to go over to Mike's which I hope you do to see the amazing joint
They got and all the beautiful humanors and accessories
But if you're not close to where they are which is 1030 King concourse in Bay Harbor
Then they got a beautiful catalog and they ship out all over the world
They'll send them right to you or to anybody you like who is a cigar lover in date County call 866
2277 and they'll whip you out and absolutely free brand new catalog 866
277 toll free from outside to date. It's 1 800 9 6 2
44 27 1 800 9 6 2 44 27 for that new free a Mike cigar catalog
Like I said if you love great cigars you're gonna love Mike's a guard
WIOD
Okay, 10 19 and WIOD here's the man here's Doug McLean
We don't want you to like you know get over shadowed now. We got Pat Riley with a slick here
We got Jim Leland as flying in as we speak from Pittsburgh. We got some big famous names there
We got JJ with even a better here than Pat Riley
Yeah, and you know all you did was go to the Stanley Cup finals
We don't want you to get over shadowed now. Don't worry about that
Now there's some heavy hitters, which is good. You know, it's nice to
Nice to see them all
Come to town, you know exactly and of course, you know
You kind of put the pressure on them because you're the guy that took a team
Nobody thought was even going to make the playoffs to the finals and these guys are making a big big big bucks
And got the big names and they got yet to prove anything at least here. Yeah, they've proven quite a bit Nielo
I mean really they it's like you and radio. I mean yeah
Yeah, it's not kid herself. Oh, you're putting those guys in my class
Well, I thought you were my friend. Well, they're in your money class. Yeah, just
What river tells me almost now listen before we talk a little bit about this weekend you guys are going up to Philly
You're leaving us after knowing I know that Eric Lindross always talked about a place that's a favorite of mine in the Philly area
Wow, which is like a big it's like a big seven 11, but they got great sub sandwiches. Oh, yeah
You ever hear a wild was no when you're up there? You want to get the guys over the world?
You go to Rockies have you ever heard of that?
You get about that. Wow was has got the best sub sandwiches. I'm wondering maybe some of you
Maybe Rimmer's gonna buy dinner there tonight. He sounds like the type of place he'd buy dinner up there in Philadelphia
Maybe you might find some like paste on balls for this guy
I'm not not like permanent ones, but maybe you might find like a little small pair to start with because I know he can't find any down here
Who is it for who for Rimmer? Oh really? Yeah, I'm not gonna get into that
Yeah
Yeah, so how do we look is anybody other than Shepherd? We got everybody healthy now everybody everybody looks good
I you know, I think it's gonna be a tough weekend to say the least but now what is that what does that mean?
Well, you know the home opener is always make it a little more interesting
I'm hoping they're gonna be a little bit more uptight than we are because it's their home opener, but I think both teams are
You know, I think Philadelphia and particular are gonna be a little what's that word you used before off?
Yeah
Because you know bus beat them out last year. I think it gives them a little more incentive
But and is Lindross not playing I heard he's not yeah, you know, that's the word, but I mean TSN reported that to the day
Somebody's telling me maybe oh 10 days, but I don't know, but it'll be a tough game
I like our lineup. We've got some a little bit of a different look with Smith in there up front
I've got Devorak playing with Lowry and Burns, which is kind of an interesting line in place of Ray and then I've got
Lindsay
Stracca and Smith which should be a little different look as well, you know, yeah
So I kind of like the look of our team right now, and I think it's gonna be a little tougher year because the teams are gonna be everybody says
They're gonna be gone and forced a little more. I found they gun first pretty good last year, but anyway, it'll be fun
Team's not getting the respect in the media. Who's this George?
Team's not getting the respect in the media everybody's got their preseason forecast and Doug to be honest with you
The Panthers aren't anywhere near the top everybody's expecting other teams in this conference and particularly in this Atlantic division to finish ahead of Florida
Well, I think that's
Lots of people are saying that and I don't know why they wouldn't give us a little bit better looking at but really the who cares
I mean we just have to go and play that's what we have to do and most teams in the league know that will be a tough team to play against
You know, so that's the bottom line. We'll play hard and we'll
You know, we I just have to hope that the kids come along
You know the
Warner's and Jovenoskies and even need a Myers got to be a little better this year
And he's got potential that your boy Stracas got to play you know hard every night. Are we gonna?
He'll score over 30. I don't want to let's forget something straight right now if I am to sit him out the odd game
You know don't jump all over me kneel right off the back
You're gonna you're already talking about sitting out Marty Stracan the season hasn't even started yet
Well, I sure hope
The tech is not getting interpreters past that along every time I write a name down
I think you know the worst the egg of age now. I'll just play that's right. Just keep it in that's right now
You're talking as speaking of the meeting now by the way yesterday the fans at the
Outer lunch and we're saying what are you going on with Neil again and talking hockey?
Well, I just I phone them quite regularly for tips and you know, it's the bottom line
Yeah, I figured now that the season's starting that would probably be good time you still own thanks for all that he contributed to you last year
I think don't I mean how many times I have to thank the guy? I think like once a week would be good just just to keep the memory fresh
As speaking to the media and maybe not giving the panthers. They're just do understand there was a story in the New York Times yesterday by Jola point
Where he talked about the panthers playing boring hockey and talked about you and being kind of arrogant
No, he didn't say that he said I was thin skinned and cocky. Okay. Well arrogant and cocky pretty good
I don't I mean I I know where at all. I mean last year he wrote a brutal article about us. We all saw that. Oh, yeah, that was ridiculous
So I mean he's just
It's fine. I mean I are you thin skinned up? I'm thin skinned. I don't think I am viewing I am Neil
Not in the least not when you're compared to Rimmer that's one good thing always keep Rimmer around close man
You look like a hard as you keep him around. It's something I've got to improve on. There's no doubt about that
Well, if you quit eating those stale donuts, it's in Horton's making for you up there. You might be ahead of the game
That's right. What about team toughness Doug is this team gonna be tough enough?
Would you get off at Rimmer? I mean you guys talked about that all last year
I mean, that's what you that mean see Neil they jump on one little thing
And they run with it, you know
Well, you know that only wanted you told me you wanted to address that issue
I thought physically we're the toughest team in the playoffs last year in our conference
But we've got Martin. We sent him down to greens where he'll be up and down
I think he'll help Paul we don't want Paul laws fighting that much because he's a he's a too good a player now
I mean Paul's really improved his game, but Paul will still
Do that for us and I think that Martin will be up and down all year to help in that area
I want about your new TV show that debuts tomorrow night at six o'clock on support channel
I heard that I don't know I nailed the juice you haven't heard about have you know? I haven't heard a word about Rimmer's the host
Yeah, and I mean here we are doing the show the other day and I've got to
T try to get him to relax. He was so uptight now. He's supposed to be the TV guy. Yeah
I mean it was well, that's because he knew he had made a commitment to come on here this morning
And he knew he could never live up to all the promises he made so he's been uptight all week
What they dropped the puck he'll be are he'll listen up a little bit and what about that radio show that I heard about that you might be doing
Yeah, do you know anything about that? Yeah, it's just it was just a little bit of a communication problem
But it's all I guess it's all worked out you guess
Yeah, it's gonna be it's gonna be fun. They have a new format going to be
Born it in huh are you gonna phone in on yeah? I will be phoning in on your shows
No matter fact to keep you honest. That's a good idea every week
That's an excellent idea. Is this me? It's gonna be your last appearance on the Neil Rogers show? No way no chance
He wants to talk to somebody knows something about the game. I think it's a good idea
You're really putting me in this spot now let me ask you something
Seriously if you I mean obviously you playing arrangers on Sunday and then we got a
We're playing arrangers more times in a month of October last year
We didn't play him hardly at all till the end of the season and now we're loading up on arrangers in the beginning
I mean how strange is that though? I don't get the schedule at all in fact if you look at the schedule
You know last year everybody complained how bad it was yeah, you look at the schedule and man
There's like the Leafs. I know the Leafs are gonna be in last place all year there's gonna be no pressure
But they got they got one a couple of trips where they go and play San Jose
They come back home then they go back to play Colorado. I mean whoever put this schedule together must have been on drugs
Well, I'll tell you it I guess it's I don't know if the computer did or not
Like what some mazes me is last year we played arrangers five times in the last month at right in this year
We've got them four times in the month of October so it's
It's strange and it's I don't like I'm not overly fussy about it
I don't like the way we start you know because it is a tough schedule
We got seven of the first 13 against arrangers and fill in and you throw Colorado and Chicago yeah
But I you know
It's you got to play them so let's get on with it
And what do you think about the Rangers?
I mean there a lot of people who think that they wasted a ton of money on gratsky
There are other people who are picking them to go all the way now because they think Messia can have a big year with gratsky there and they got
You know Richter played so great in the World Cup. Yeah
Richter leech Messia Gratsky Graves Graves yeah, they've got a real good team. I think they're gonna be strong
I really do
Gratsky, you know, we know I mean he's guaranteed a hundred points. I think that's what he'll do in the regular season
And you know, I think I don't I think Wayne will be able to handle playing with Messia a lot better than people think
I think he sort of that I gotta ask you this about gratsky because the Leafs didn't accomplish much in the playoffs last year
But they did they did set a precedent that is they started beating the livin's not out of Wayne who's not used to that
He's used to having guys standing around and watching him admire his passing and skating ability and he started really getting to them
And he can't take it and I think after that they did the same thing the Troids series
If you start hitting Gratsky he becomes a different player. Well, I think it's it's happened to him over the last couple years
And in the playoffs it really picks up because in playoffs it's
It's all business, you know, and we saw that the difference in our team in the playoffs compared to the regular season
It's just it's that extra level, you know, and you do tend to go after people
You just you forget about all the tradition then and yeah, it's you know go for it
I don't know if I'm making any sense in it
Not really I think you're doing what you do the best you know, I'm doing to be quite honest while I was dancing that
No, you're skiing I was tying my ski
No, I think what you're doing is what you do best and that's covering all sides covered your butt, which is a good idea
So so so who do you like in the division that we have to uh who you think we can uh the Rangers or the Philadelphia
That we're gonna really have to beat out
Because I'll be honest with you personally. I'll answer my own question first
I think the Flyers had their big chance last year and I think they just didn't have the intensity that they had the previous year
I think this year they might not be as good. She's I hope you're right
I just every time I look at Renburg look at people clarinland I think it nervous at all
You know they they can be such a dominant line that they can bury and that that's the only thing that
That concerns me, you know, I don't know how much Howard chuckle do with the is their second line guy, but
I I looked for Pittsburgh
They're an interesting group too like I just don't know what's gonna happen with them because Hatcher
Now they signed Muni on the blue line. They should be a little better, but I
I don't know
I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell you that's really improved month. You all look like an interesting team. Yeah quite honestly
Mario Tromblay is the coach there
I'm gonna give you a little bit on Pittsburgh even though I don't I know we don't play him to later on but Pittsburgh
Even though they got Kevin Hatcher defensively boy. They're worse than ever
I know that comes with a shock, but defensively they're very suspect and they got a lot of promise
Molinsky is gonna be traded
There's no way he's gonna sign with them. Molinsky's gonna be gone. Ned Vets gonna hold out into the season for at least another couple of weeks
Maybe more than that. So they got some problems there even with Mario. Yeah, I agree. It's gonna be interesting
But I don't know I just I like the look of our team right now
And I think we can compete with anybody. Yeah, so it'll be interesting Jersey now
I see Bob McKenzie and TSN is picking Jersey to win the Stanley Cup. So
How do you know from year to year what's gonna take place? There's Rolnik and end up in New Jersey
What Rolnik? I thought he just could trade the Phoenix
Well, I know he hasn't signed yet either. He's not gonna play for Phoenix. You know that no
I don't I think you will I think you'll play in any roomers force you can leave us before he head to the ice no more Brendan
Shanahan stories now. Oh, I'm not telling it rimmers unbelievable
They tell me he's putting his garbage out the other morning. Mel and he was gone by trying to counter present when he was waving him down
Waving him down. I believe he's got to say hello. I told Mel next time he goes by just kick his garbage cans over
Okay, coach best of luck this weekend. Thanks a lot. Bring back bring back at least
Well, we'll settle for one out of two this weekend and we'll do some real business on Tuesday. Okay, take care guys. Okay
Okay, Doug McLean giving the inside story there instead of some of the other BS we hear it's 10 30 at W.I.O.D
Lorenzo's in North Miami Beach on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway and
Bennett Bob's in the Indian Tray Shopping Center in Weston continue the big one
It's going on right now the 45th anniversary sale and it's gonna continue right to the second annual Italian Heritage Festival
Coming up November 1 through 3. So right now at Lorenzo's prime rib veal chops 899 a pound leg veal cutlets
1099 a pound try the Peter Luger Steaksaw's the best in the world. I guarantee you only 499 and today and tomorrow fresh
A red snapper flays only 899 a pound delicious fresh poached salmon with dill sauce 1099 a pound
imported prosciutto 699 for the half pound and just arrived at Lorenzo's pasta grill
Homemade California red wine the one and a half liter bottle only 699
Over at Bennett Bob's in Weston pick up Florida juice oranges 8 for a buck great seafood like oven ready flounder
399 a pound swordfish steaks only 999 a pound and farm raised main muscles 99 cents a pound
It's the big one. It's going on right now as I speak the 45th anniversary sale at Lorenzo's Italian sediment with Miami Beach and
At Bennett Bob's fresh seafood and produce in Weston
Talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D what you're saying 1034 W I D Jeff rumors here
We got the million different things going on. We got the lead on us coming in
Which surprised me because I guess here's one guy who thinks money isn't everything
And he probably took a look at that California angels roster and the dearth of pitching which they have done
And he said all the money in the world and all the Disney stock in the world isn't worth going out there and
At this stage of my life and falling on my ass
I mean I got at least in common here. He's coming to a team that even with John bulls
And there were a lot of us including me made jokes about John bulls when he took over and the fact that he looked like he was lost and made a lot of
very bizarre
Decisions and strategy during some early games, but he brought that team along pretty good
They finished only two games under 500 which is a miracle and leadlands basically taken over the nucleus of a team with some potential
I talked to Dave don brosky the other day and and I kind of sit you know this
Setting up an analogy because don brosky was a Montreal although he came to Montreal after I left and went the ball more Washington
But I said to don brosky it was very much to me personally like when bulls
Similar position guy Jim fanning was with the Montreal expose and he came after they fired dick Williams
Came out of the front office to manage the expose and got him to the lead championship series
but
Fanning went back into the front office and they got an everyday manager and he's now scouting for some team and it may in fact
Still be the Montreal expose because he lives in Montreal
But I don't think without a doubt and I think it was Gordon needs who first broke the story in the Sun set
No now eight weeks ago two months ago if you remember he said that
Layland could end up managing the marlins and it was almost like a federal complete and I think that
Eads was onto something then and
Obviously was correct because today's gonna be unveiled as a new manager. It's a great move
I've been around baseball a long time and this guy is without question Harold. It is the premier manager in the game
And then you know they're gonna make some moves
That's a one thing that you got to say whether you like
Erison you like has anger you like any of these guys is that they have opened up the piercet rings down
Especially I think with the marlins I think Wayne's got to realize that unless so they do something dramatic and drastic now
That there's a good opportunity that the any prepared to do it
Each year since that opening year when there was a lot of excitement and a lot of
Interest as though this was something brand new and maybe it was to a lot of people here
But it's not there now. I'm sure that dumbbrowski
Be at the president smiley and hyzing himself of told Layland that he's coming here
And they want to put the pieces of the puzzle together. They've got a great nucleus here
They've got a great one two combination they brought in here last year
Pitching wise they've got Gary chef field and those people that suggest that they've got a trade Gary chef
I mean they couldn't be further from the truth
This guy is the kind of baseball player you build a team around
I think Konheim becomes the first baseman next year they go out and maybe they get banea although banea is now
And my talks to people in Baltimore
Banea is now hinting that he'd like to stay with the orals
So I don't know if if that could happen, but who knows
uh as well and we've heard the stories and I don't know if it's possible to get
Berry bonds here, but boy wouldn't it be great to see bonds here. He's a great ball player
But I don't I think it's pie in the sky. I don't think it's gonna happen
but there are some
free agents out there and obviously the marlins can make some trades because they do have some young players in their farm system
That can make the marlins you read you read the theory bonds don't you think we've reached our uh juck asshole quota our quotient in this town
Already we don't need berry bonds. I mean various trouble wherever he goes
There's no question he's got the ability and chef fields got his own problems, but he's not even the league with berry bond
But if you remember lalan and it's one of the great pieces of video that we've seen on ESPN
over the years
It was at
Serath not serathoda
Raidenton is where the pirate trained right and I guess bonds was moping off to the media and and moping off to some of his teammates and lalan went right in and the cameras were on him
And if you remember he ungressed bonds right there and it became
Some of the folk piece for months after that because on every show you saw lalan telling bonds the way it was and quite frankly
You look at bonds today and he says the guy that he's got the most admiration for as a baseball manager
Is lalan so if anybody can control this guy. It's Jim lalan
Okay, we'll see
Speaking of baseball by the way
I think you and I are probably the only two people in a free world who disagree with all this hysteria
About the alemar incident with the spinning you know last night in the um
In the Dodger Braves game they brought up something very interesting
That is that there was a precedent in 1942 build dicky of the anchkeys got into an incident with the bill summers the
Elita mercenely umpire right real summer and
Got into a shoving match and shoved him and canna saw mountain land this was the commissioner of baseball
Of course anybody who knows baseball history knows that he was he was brought in in the 20s after the blacksock scandal to clean up
Baseball. I mean he was the toughest disciplinarian
He was a no nonsense guy to say the least and yet the suspension he added out to dicky for shoving an umpire was 30 games
Starting during the regular season the following year not during postseason
There is no precedent in baseball to suspend the player during postseason play
Donald fear Donald fear said that very thing any other night on national television
I'd love to get the america Lee crew chief on that work that series and there's no question in my mind that her speck provoke alemar
alemar is not a hothead
Uh, I cover the american league as you know for 10 years and in alemar's years
Obviously they were in Toronto, but this guy is not a hothead
And you cannot see her speck because his back is to the camera in any of the views that we've seen on television
But this guy was provoked and as I've said many times before I've seen umpires time and time again
Provoke these players and they're gonna snap. I mean anybody will that you can push him so far and they're gonna go
But alemar is a classy guy and I know it was not a class act
But the guy was provoked and obviously he lost it and what bothers me about you know richie philips coming on to make an estate man
The self-righteous statement last night is that they nobody seems to care about the game itself
In other words, how can they possibly survive?
You know, we had the uh the short and season two years ago
We didn't have any playoffs no world series
We've had all this decrease in fan interest now you finally get to the one time of the year when people like me
Who don't watch all that much baseball during the regular season?
I find myself watching most of these playoff games and certainly gonna watch the world series
So people you know, there's a natural inclination people who don't watch a lot of football during the year watch the super bowl
People don't watch a lot of hockey watch the playoffs and and now in the middle of this the umpires decide well
You know unless we absolutely get our way
We're gonna walk the hell out even though we got a no strike clause in our contract that we finally just signed after walking out for 120 days
We got a no-cruck strike deal and that we're still gonna walk out and you know what's gonna happen
They're gonna be worse for the game. They're gonna be in federal court today, right?
And they'll be a court in junction and the umpires will go back to work today
There no question in my mind that the umpires are not good. Oh for sure. They're gonna have to they're gonna be forced to go back
And they're gonna be in court today in Philadelphia and they'll be
Rule to go back to work same as it was the other day when I talked to a machine the first time and he said that hey
We've got to stand by
her spec and and the umpires as a union a very strong union
But he expected the right from day one had they gone in the initial time before the deal was made for a couple of days
If you remember they made a deal he said that
There's no no question in my mind that we're gonna be forced to go back to work
But at least we're gonna take our stand and that's likely what Richie Phillips is doing right now
And I think if you had a real making a state a real commissioner instead of on ceilig I think you'd see a
Got some problem a guy come in here and say okay, look
There's no there's no way that we can suspend anybody during postseason now
But uh, we'll agree to increase the suspension the 15 games or 20 games or whatever whatever the number might be
The pacify the umpires the fast pacify the public who are up in arms about this and say listen
We're not gonna accept that kind of conduct no matter what inside of it. It's unacceptable
It's grotesque and we're not gonna accept it
Does that crime fit a 20 game suspension? You're not really I don't think so but I'm gonna tell you you talk to the public and you listen
And after after Joe Buck and McCarver went on about this precedent
They then did a complete turnaround to say that what Alamar did was far worse than shoving an umpire
So in other words spitting in somebody's face in the minds of the public today is much worse than actually physically confronting somebody and shoving them or hitting them
I'm sorry. I don't buy that no, I don't buy either you made the analogy the other day
With regards to cold lume you and what he did the draper in the playoffs and he gets two games right two games
He could have ended that player's career to kill them he could have seriously heard them no question gets two games and Alamar
And I'm not saying it's right. It's a classless act, but Alamar gets what five games and this guy gets two games
And he almost killed somebody. Yeah forget it
Okay 1043 a w i d j framer is here today having free lunch
Tonight is a big night folks speaking of great meals in the clubhouse dining room
Tonight's the return of pomp and opark racing. That's right. It's the grand opening of the
1996 97 racing season two night the festivities will begin at six o'clock tonight with the free October fest in the parking lot
There will be free general admission for everybody tonight and the first 2500 fans through the gate
We get a special gift from performers from pure platinum and labair the racing kicks off with a Broadway singing review
And I should land them followed by the parade of horses trainers drivers and VIPs
Then pop it oparks veteran track announcer and new general manager Gary Seibel will pass the microphone to his new announcer from
Sao to Downs
There's a ribbon cutting ceremony in the new winter circle and of course post-time tonight will be 730 with live racing and
Cymel casting from Daniel Highlight you can watch you can wait you can win hopefully in South Florida's largest
Cymel casting arena
It's the big one the grand opening of the 1996 racing season at pop it opark
Just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on race track and power line roads in pop it
Oh, we'll see you there for sure tonight. Don't forget free admission for everybody
Post-time 730 at pop it oh harness
Talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D 1044 W I O D a mighty big wig and pop it opark opens tonight hockey season starts tonight
The Panthers kick off their new season tomorrow night. We got just all kinds of crap going on
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. This is Tom. Hey. I want to
Ask you guys a couple questions and I'm gonna hang up because I'm gonna local line on a mobile
But you touched on a couple of things one being the concept of a players manager versus a
Got like Jimmy Johnson and I'm a Pittsburgher
Yeah, if you have any comments on the difference between let's say a truly era and the Jimmy Johnson era
And then the the last man era and let's hopefully say the Leland era and the second comment I want to ask you guys to
You know comment on is
What do you think about my Steelers and I'm gonna hang up and I appreciate how good Friday guys. Okay pal
Do you think Jimmy Johnson's player don't you?
Think Jimmy Johnson's a player's coach of course not
He's he's a strict disciplinary and we'll put up with no crap
But you know something and then this is sound pretty far afield
But you saw that thing they had on CBC about the history of Toronto and Montreal hockey rivalry right and
They had that segment on punch him like now for those not hockey fans and I don't know if to remember the least last one to Stanley Cup in
1967 68 they won four Stanley cups in the 60s all under punch him like who took a franchise that in late 50s
Was floundering and came in and built a dynasty
In one four Stanley cups every former player from Frank Mahavallich and Carl Brewer and Ron Ellis and everybody else
They head on bitched and belly-icked about the fact that him like was relentless and he worked him too hard
The guys couldn't stand it and they were psychotic, but he was a winner
Right absolutely so because he put the fear of guiding them and obviously Jimmy Johnson and you know
I don't know if you'd want to say that he's not a player's coach
He's a strong disciplinary and for sure
But if you remember all the accolades that came his way when he first took over the dolphins who begged
begged for some discipline one of the big problems with Don Shula in the latter years there that the dolphins were much
Out of control. Yeah, definitely out of control
They needed that discipline then you get a guy like keep buyers you say it's sour grapes or whatever saying that there's a lot of players
That don't like Jimmy Johnson and I mean obviously he's put the fear of God in them
But at the same time he's given them a chance to play and he wants them to practice hard and play hard much like punch him like
I mean that's where I live and I'll give you a more current example in hockey and that's Scotty Bowman
Now you're always telling me Scotty is crazy and scotties you know see now these then whatever you call them
But the fact is the player is most of them hate Scotty Bowman Dino sister really hated them a primo hate some
A lot of those guys can't stand him and again for a lot of the same reasons because he's a hard discipliner
And he works him like crazy. He demands perfection and
And a lot of guys don't want that in the body plate mind game. I he manipulates people. Yeah, but but granted
But the fact is okay. They haven't want to stand the cup in longer than the leaves
But they still have great teams. They won 62 games last year
All kinds of records and they're a winner
mention the penguins the late Bob Johnson
He wants to stand like cup with Pittsburgh Scotty came and inherited the same team to give Scotty the credit or the penguins the credit when they want those back to back cups
So what do you want to say is broken?
Dynasty that
Well Jimmy Johnson sure didn't be in the right place of the right time. He sure didn't inherit that all I noticed
Sheila made that comment to Roy first on the other which I thought was a very
And just a ridiculous comment to make is that he turned over a super a team to Jimmy Johnson
I mean the team that the dolphins have right now
Especially with marino injured
There's no resemblance to the team that was playing for Shula last year
If you remember Jimmy Johnson refers to gov as coach. He said hey, this is gonna be a bit of a building brought
A situation obviously last year and Jimmy Johnson had a different point of view last year
And that might be the only thing I'd like to debate with him
And if you remember when he was on Fox and he doing his weekly columns in the herald and think it was
He said hey the dolphins have got all the tools. They've got
What it takes to win a super bowl and obviously he was kind of hedging his bed at that point put a little pressure on him
He said, well sure sure we do
But the fact of the matter is when he took over he said it's gonna be a bit of a building program here
He got rid of a lot of dead wood. He got rid of players that obviously did not want to practice and
Racing some good young enthusiastic players. You're gonna play it his way. Are you not gonna play?
You're gonna be gone and what do you know about this David? It's beside the fact that Mike Tom's act is marginalized best
I mean
They really made a mistake letting Neil Adonial get away
I liked Neil Adonial. He was at Maryland when we did the Maryland games at BAL and he's a pretty
A competent quarterback now you can say well
He's not doing much for the New York Jets, but that's not a very good football team the New York Jets
Okay, let's do Miami. Hello
Miami. Yes, sir
Hello, yes, I am. Yeah, how you doing? You okay? How are you great? I have a few things I want to say first of all talking on the first topic of sports
I guess I was born down here Miami with the 72
Shula days and
You know, I've been a sports fan down here. First of all number one. I feel sports should be the respect the players should be a respect of
As a healthy sport not, you know as a healthy atmosphere of not taking drugs don't drink
And this is the topic of the Alamoire situation
I feel that you know, there shouldn't be no violence in sports
The people getting the sports especially with the finance that they make
This should be a role model to where this should be like Michael Irvin and very bonds very bond
The Miami University Miami players all over the country Bobby Cox Warren Mone
Right, right and you know then especially with the violence of fighting, but not spitting in in a
Lawrence face. Yeah, not spitting in a person's face that
Doesn't get the right look at the younger people that
Yeah, but what that's why'd like to know what is it in sports that's going on with very few exceptions
Represents a role model the young people. I was talking the other day about Alex Rodriguez with Seattle
I said if young kids want a role model there is somebody they ought to look up to okay? No drugs no problems
No, you know, no public
Hanky-panky that anybody has to know about whatever it is he just goes out there gets the job done
He's a squeaky clean as a wheel and and there's a role model for it
But how many others can you name today? Not not too many. I mean I have so much of like a sub plan because a moment worked on a way to to my office
Want to say a few things okay? Well, Marlins have some some role models
And I guess the way that stands out the most is you have Kona. Yeah, but but the problem of Jeff is he's a hell of a ball player
And he's a good guy, but he's boring people find him boring which and I'll give you another guy
He'll put them out with Dale Murphy with the braves who was there had all those great years with the braves
He was a great player. He was squeaky clean. He used to do milk spots
But he was too squeaky clean. He was people considered him boring
Well, what do you want somebody to have an edge? No, I'm not saying I want. I'm just telling you what I feel is the problem
I think these are not the people that the people talk about let's look at our panthers. I mean John van B's brook Rob need a
Myer. I mean Scott Melon B these are our squeaky, but I think players we've already said the different breed right Neil? Yes, sir
Yeah, we're quick though, but I feel that Alamoire should be suspended for the playoffs and
about five five games next year, but yes, somebody did a mistake and he won't do it again. Number two is the coaches
Are not the team down here? Okay. Yes, it's great to have Schulis great to have Johnson good luck
Jimmy and everything but and also that we all come together we go to the to the to the games that games are on TV
It's great, but it's that if the money to spend for the players the players are the team not as much as the coaches
Well, I'll agree to a point
I mean obviously people go to games not to see Doug McLean behind the Panther bench or Jim Leyland and the Marlin dugout
But you need the Jimmy Johnson the Leylands
The Pat Riley's and the Doug McLean's because they're proven winners like at this a plan of Johnson's great
No, I don't think we're going anywhere with the heat the Marlins we have a few a few players away
The panthers I wish them luck. I'm not too much of hockey fan
I'm gonna get into it and another thing that we
To make it you know the long story short so I gotta get going
I hope that the whole country comes together politically that
That's not the change of subject but the cemetery in Miami disgusting what they did
I wish I can secure myself out the time 24 hours a day
That's all come together racists goes away and I have to get going thank you Neil. Okay, pal. You're great
Have a great there. Well, you know good sediments
But again pie in the sky the country isn't gonna come together and things like that are gonna stop
And we got a lot of hate mongers and a lot of a little world's not gonna come together
And they're not gonna stop hating each other in the Middle East
But if we lived in a perfect world, hey, it would be great
But he does work in mysterious ways. We have an open-line in date 751
We got a parent-broward 5249463. We got a big parent-broward
Which is more than some people can say 5249463. Here's the south Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I've never called before. I saw a program focused on south Florida this morning about
discrimination in the workplace and the subject was on bilingual
Being bilingual and talking, you know diverse languages. Yeah. My problem is okay
I'm like the average American person. I was born and raised here just like many other people
What does that have to do with what we're talking about? Okay, so what do we call them? Are we talking about sports?
So can we just talk about anything in general? No, we're talking about sports. I'm sorry
We got a guest here who is not bilingual all we know is a few frogs, but uh have a great day pal
What was that? What the hell was that all about that wasn't the run and wrong listener?
God are we moving up in the world? We have an open line in dayed 7519463
Jeff uh, a remar from Quebec
A frog well, we might as well. Tony speak French. Oh, there was a pro-trono story last time. I was up in Toronto
There was a story in the Sun about a deli a kosher deli in Montreal
Which has primarily obviously a Jewish clientele, but others as well and
They have that thing about the signs about the bilingual signs right the province of Quebec
And it come to fight out this deli which has been there for like two generations
You know 50 years whatever and the signs in English as opposed to the French were too big bigger than the law
allow as permits and so some of the
Politicians there made a big stink about it and they forced them to like make the English part of the signs smaller and
And now the English speaking people there are all bent out of shape because they think that they're caving in and they got this whole big
Just over this one poor guy running a delicatessen because the a French and a
Angle file so called up there hate each other so how the language laws but a problem in Montreal since the early 70s
I moved there in 1977 and they had the first referendum shortly thereafter and the place has gone to
Gone to hell because let me tell you it was one of the great cities in the 60s and even for expo 67
Uh the 50s in the 60s even for expo 67 the world's fair was there and and it was a great city
But all the major corporations that had their corporate head offices in Montreal all had to move out because of the bilingualism
And Montreal is just a ghost town now
Just a ghost town and even a man, you know what we had the Dicurvenon at last last talky season
And I mean and I didn't know how we'd respond to it
But boy he sure didn't back away from it
Even in the hockey team on a Montreal-Canadian's boy if you got a captain on that team who's not a of French
A frog you got problems and then that's the way they're operating that team
It's the French speakers against the English which is really pathetic and now they've got a French speaking
Team captain who they're trying to trade you don't want to be captain of the Montreal-Canadian
As a guy they're trying to get rid of right now you they say at least Mario Tromblay that's where his problem is
My my apologies to Doug McLean's who says get off the coaches
But let me tell you that Tromblay does not like Tershane and Tershane is being shopped around and maybe today
You'll tell us the real story about Stefan Riche but I doubt it maybe over the Brandon Chanhan
1056 at W.I.O.D. candle Toyota the biggest of best in the world
Baby if you want a great Toyota. This is the place. They've sold over
135,000 new cars and they're still going strong go in here and see why for yourself
Is it the great service is it the fantastic selection is it the one price selling with the lowest price in the world right there on a windshield
So no pressure no high-junction no games just great the deals all the way around
It's probably a combination of all of the above and a good news for you right now is that all the new 97
Toyota's are in there right now brand new 97 Camry's 97 Corolla's
97 Corolla's rav 4's they got them all at unbeatable prices so no matter what anybody else tells you
I guarantee a candle Toyota will give you the lowest price and the best deal all the way around on that new Toyota of your choice
Kendall Toyota the reason to find right there on us one just out the daydland
Talk in entertainment radio
610 W.I.O.D. Miami Fort Lauderdale
Okay 1058 at W.I.O.D. Rima is with us today the Panthers are leaving what about 230 you guys?
230 this afternoon the guys will be listening on their way. I can assure you of that
Okay, so probably a between 230 and 3 Rick and Sezel tell I'd bring in Chanahan's story
Okay, here's a mobile in in Lake Worth. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going great great show Jeff
Thank you
Listen Jeff. I've listened to you on TV and senior and I listen to you on Neil show a lot
And I've flipped over to QAM a couple times and not to rehash any of this
But I think you got a lot more class than the fat Hummster
I really do and that's my opinion. I think I think he just verbally attacks you
I don't know for what reason and I really don't want to get into that but I I do think you have a lot more class to him
And I like your comment excuse me. I said thank you for your comment. Okay. You got to need tickets or hats
Oh
Yeah, you're not kidding. You're not kidding. You're not fooling me. Hey Neil. I'm really
P.O. And I called that woman yesterday. Yes, and I left here all blanchett. Yeah
I got the number that you gave out and I called because I'm unfortunate. I'm under the cable
strain there are the TCI spell. Yeah, and unfortunately I can't just run out and go get a dish right at this moment
Right, you know, got a lot of financial things going on
But I am gonna get one sooner or later. I'll just get your neighbors to call TCI
I'm sure Neil got a lot of people to yesterday. I think it's just totally ridiculous
I think it's a bunch of crap. I mean, I don't need to watch the food channel
I don't need to watch the Haitian station. I want to watch some hockey. I mean these guys are
Stanley Cup man. I mean, well, I guess Neil I guess Neil yesterday hit some
Well some pressure points because you got a phone call as you alluded to earlier
I think I don't call people. You got a phone call over there from
The Cheryl Blanchett. I guess is where we call came and the fact that they would call and complain indicates
I hell of a lot of people must have been calling
But listen listen to this forget all the political bull crap that's going on about sunshine and
We can forget it, but they're not going to that problem
But what about you know, it's like it's a slap in the face to the customer and unfortunately I can't go out in the ceremony
It'll cut the cable today. I can't do that financially at this point in time
So I am under you know, they're the rest, you know, I mean
But you know something they're only they're only forced tolling the obvious because the marlins are gonna be on there
The panthers got 65 games this season going to be on there
The Jimmy Johnson show the Reno show all these shows are going to be on there the Doug McLean show that
I'm in a Phil's stuff here is going to be on sports Channel Florida
So they're only postponing the inevitable TCI sooner or later and hopefully sooner
They're going to have to cave in and put it on here because it's going to have too much stuff on there
That the public wants to see and it's going to take more than just the sports fans or the hockey fan or the baseball fan
It's going to take collectively all the people that are on that system
To let them know because right now they're bragging that only 10% of their subscribers
Are calling in and complaining that's crap and another thing you know like you said and I can't even see the Jimmy Johnson show
The show's on there. I mean it this is stuff where I can understand if it's a station up in New York trying to be down to here
Yeah, I want to show us the Rangers or the jets
Different for this is hometown and it's just crap and I'm well, I guess I'm pissed keep up keep pushing the calls man
Hey Jeff, so I won't be able to see you tomorrow night
But good luck and have a good one while we're looking forward the season and hopefully sooner than later as Neil says
They cave in and they give the people what they want here itself lorda and that is sports channel Florida
Here's a lady and Miami. Hello
Well my point is totally gone now because fortunately you stop talking about the umpires and the baseball and everything else
We haven't stopped we haven't stopped talking about a we're talking about whatever you want to talk about
Oh, because I just except for bilingualism
I'm just so tired hearing about these
These um
Umpires who basically are really trying to kill the game
I
They're trying to show that they're more powerful and baseball and that really
Fixed me off. I don't think they're trying to show that they're more powerful than baseball
What they're trying to do is make a statement on behalf of john herspect
They're trying to stay together and they know bottom line as I said here in the last 15 minutes
They know bottom line. They're gonna go into court and Philadelphia and the judge is going to rule them back to work
It's gonna happen later today, but what kind of
Affishiating are you gonna have with umpires who are who are that kicked off?
Well, they're gonna do their job. Well, I'm gonna tell you something the umpires have got a lot of problems
And when john McSherry keel over and died from a heart attack an opening day in Cincinnati
That just that all I did was just reinforced the fact was you know for years
But nobody ever talked about that a lot of these guys are out of shape
Eric Greg went up there to Duke University on the rice diet lost 60 pounds
I don't know where he lost it because he was behind a plate last night and he landed Dodger game
And he still stands to join out. He's still bigger than a house out of shape
And his is officiating his horrendous how much money did they make
They make good money. They do yes. They do. I mean because are they
They think you know to me it seems like they're irritated with the fact that they're not making as much money as the players
I've seen a lot of lousy calls in the past year
Not just in baseball
We saw a couple in the Dodger game last night
The bottom of the night thinning. I mean
I'm a Dodger fan and I was very very angry
It's a situation though where that bothers me about the officials and they're gonna make mistakes be it hockey football
We saw big mistake in the Monday night football game. What about the jet stain? Oh, well, it's just what I'm talking about
Unconsciously unconscionable mistake and then for them to come out two days later and say well
We made a mistake doesn't mean a hillabees. I mean I have a suggestion
But no one will listen to it because I'm a woman
But if they would say to the coaches. Okay, you have three times that you can say I want the game stopped and I want that look
Well, they did that during the preseason
But unfortunately they're not doing it during the regular season and it makes a mockery out of the game
And you have games you already had that you already had that one game you had that one game decided by an
Officials mistake and you're gonna have more of those before the season is over and it stinks
It's I mean when you're gonna when you're gonna pay that kind of money to go out and support a team to watch your team play
And then they're gonna wind up losing a game based on somebody's a bonehead call or the fact that nobody's got the balls to make the right call
Which in that case they had a conference that went on long after the fact was over
It's very this heartening. What's the point? Yeah, and then did you see that other game?
I can't remember which thing was where the official was standing in the way the ball hit him on head
Well, maybe that was an omen. Have a great day there
Again, I I
Hey, we're all human beings. We will all make mistakes
But what bothers me is an especially in baseball is this
Provoking by officials and umpires and in the case of her spec again
Robert Alamar or Virdo Alamar is is a class act he what he did was classless
But obviously he was provoked and if you look at the video love for what you don't have to worry about
Look into video because any any especially channel seven just turn it on there for five minutes
And even if they're talking about the war in the Middle East or whatever their whatever the topic is no seriously
They have shown that 50,000 times in the last 24 hours just over and over and over again
And of course the more that they show it the more it incites the public and the more you see the actual act of spitting in somebody's face
The more it aggravates. Well, that's disgusting and you know people are basically almost unanimously on the aside of the umpires
Except for the fact they don't believe they should walk out
No, and I would think at this point that despite going to court today that the umpires will be on the field tonight
I hope there's a coconut grove. Hello. Hello. Yes
Uh Neil, hmm first time caller great show
Except when you get into the sports talk business
Yeah, and I feel like it's gonna be time to tune you out until after the hockey season
Yeah, you know, you tell us when we call up that we can talk about what we want to you know
You'll you'll lament about the fact that we don't let me ask you something. Let me ask you this go ahead
How many guests do I have on this show? How often do I have a guest and I appreciate that yeah
I appreciate the fact that Ramazan and you want to talk to rumour and you guys are doing sports for two hours
Yeah, well you want to talk about something else. Why can't we do it between you and him too?
Well, I mean a guy called just a few minutes ago wanted to talk about something else
And you know something if rumour weren't here
I still wouldn't do what I was this to kind of show I would discuss bilingualism
Well, no, and maybe you're being syndicated a Montreal. Yeah
Yeah, maybe that I'm up there with the frogs probably who douchebag
No
So now the words you just call to complain again. You have nothing to contribute you just call to complain
Well, no, I would have something to contribute
But all you want to do is talk about sports talk and I think that you as it's a it's a
Validates a position that I have to tell you that I don't particularly can't listen to the Neil Rogers show when it's nothing but sports talk
Yeah, I'm gonna listen to sports practice QAM. I mean there's there's other places to go
You want to hear a bunch of pimpley-faced kids talking about what they think they know about sports that's QAM for the most part
Well
I'll give you some time go. Maybe you can find Andrews ass in the woods
Good luck pal. Get out of here two open lines and date seven five. Oh boy that last cigar
Killer I may remember I have to take over the show may have to cancel a broadcast
Two open lines and date seven five one W I O D. We have an open line and Broward five two four nine four six three
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay first off chef
Total class not to have to kneel kneel
Stoop down to the Hank's level
Thank you. I have more special you by whatever you know by what you don't do and whatever you could do
Go ahead no, I think the plate umpire has way too much power
I mean I saw I didn't watch the game last night I was watching the overtime
They replayed the overtime passes game last night. Yeah, and uh by flashback
Just to see the scores. I saw one pitch in the Dodgers game that wasn't even close to the plate
And he called I know exactly when you're talking about it. It was about two feet outside not just a foot outside
Eric Greg called the pitch a strike that you couldn't hit with two bed slats tied together
And I'm again, I'll say you can't be right on every pitch
But when you're so wrong
I mean when you've been trained for this when you've been doing it for years
And yet when the quality of your work is so inconsistent and so slip shot it makes a joke out of the game exactly
I have been the two marbles games of my life in fact
I'll tell you who was it was Ryan Klusko because I remember him walking away
Oh, yeah, getting up in Greg's face for a second then walking away, you know figuring he don't need to get suspended either
But uh it was um it was unbelievable
That was that that just kind of typified the baseball form and I saw that and said that
That umpire is that much power that he just you know
In the game of this important and that close score. He called him up. You know it's that's crazy. But um
I don't know just watching the the pamphlet replay last night gave me goose bumps
You know being there and yes about third time seen it but that was some kind of game
Kind of what's your appetite for the start of the season? Oh, we got the midst of opening night
I've got to work. We got to rerun hockey leagues up here. So I won't go but oh, I'm dying. I can't wait to get back
Um, I just hope they haven't I hope they haven't put too much pressure on jolvan oski soldiers every time I open
Paper's got full page picture of my front the guy's only what 20 years old
Well
Uh, good for jolvan oski and maybe bad for jolvan oski is that he is the guy that
When you talk about the florida panthers aside from john van b's brook people start talking about and this is going to be his second year
He's obviously got a lot to learn. He says it himself
And this is going to be a more difficult year for jolvan oski because not unlike the entire team
More is going to be expected of him and the the opposition is going to be getting form a little more than they were last year
Kind of reminds me of merino a bit when merino took him to the soup bull right regatta
And i'll say no we're going every year and then what happened? I mean, I hope to god that doesn't happen expectations are going to be high
It's evenly high. I just don't hope it you know he's young. I hope it doesn't
Effectamentally or he'll be fine. Yeah. Okay. Neil. Hey great show. Neil's talk as much sports as you want to screw those guys
Okay, thanks a lot. Yeah, don't worry about these other guys
They're listening and they just called you know
Why are you talking about this and then of course if we weren't talking about this
And you brought up 75 other things which I do most mornings. They don't call anyway
So what what difference does it matter? I got news for you this this story and you talk about channel seven and over and over and over again
Showing the video this story transcends sports and on every news show in in every market all they've talked about or the umpire
Situation's been the lead story was lead story last night. Yeah, and on the major news right across the country
And especially we get you know jim liland one of the most popular and most love managers in baseball in a long time
He's coming here. He's not going to Boston
He's not going to California or Chicago. He's coming here. That's great. I mean
There are a lot of really profound things going on today
The umpires are threatening to walk out again this afternoon
So this is what's going on okay? If you can find something else going on here be fight a few bodies in the street
I'd love to hear what it is and as far as bilingualism is concerned
Polly vu
You're rectum here's the Hollywood. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Listen. I have to agree with you second last call
You know you show space today. Yeah, so why you still listening? Well, well because I like listening to
Oh
So in other words even if the show stinks you'll still be listening so what difference is I will yeah? Yeah
I probably will tune you off you know
Yeah after after you're done here in the Saudi world voice you'll turn me off blow it out your ass
idiot
Probably another one of Hank's boyfriends open line and date seven five one nine four six three seven five one
Brackham and an open line on the abrower line five two four. He wouldn't know Andrews ass in the woods if he founded
Here's a sunrise. Hello
Yeah, go on. Okay, I remember the on only one one. Once every couple months. Yeah, we got a relic this time we're spending together
That's right I do an excellent time. Hey listen to this baseball thing if it was that the first game that he's me did this
How long do you think it would be before the appeals process when through and all that and he would this sentence was handed down
Well number one he dropped his appeal right and the only reason these guys
And it's happened all the time that these players are suspended the only reason why he appealed
And any other player appeals is to delay the suspension for a convenient time right but there is a precedent and that he is
If players are going to be suspended. It's for regular season play
But we've seen so many times a base brawl if you will and and the player will
Appeal his suspension and then all of a sudden he'll have pitched in the previous game or hit a home around the previous game
And all of a sudden he's dropping this appeal and beginning his suspension immediately
But there's no precedent for suspensions to take place during the playoffs during the postseason
And it wasn't going to happen in this case and the outpires know it but again to rally around her spec
They're making a statement. So is that like an actual rule in the book that suspension means all inter and regular season
There's no precedent for suspensions in the postseason all right
All right, well, I think you should
Says time out
When right now, oh, you'd like him to sit out now. Yeah
You thought it was pretty rude and crude
Well, what about being provoked?
Look at it from his side
Okay, a lot of people are provoked and they spend time in jail for it
You know, like you get how many guys how many guys of you let me ask you this how many guys have you ever known to spend time in jail for spitting on some
I'm talking on another case is like guys provoked out in the street and they're not talking about
Point out a gun we're talking about in any sporting event where there's a level of intensity like there is in baseball or hockey or football
where that's level of intensity and where there's a major disagreement and tempers flare
And granted you don't see this very often. Thank goodness. How long have you been watching people?
But we're talking about the potential for somebody doing something in in the heat of
And he didn't take out a knife and slid his neck
He didn't hit him and he didn't punch him in the face
And then like Jeff says how do you know what happened to provoke him and nobody seems to care about that
Yeah, why I got a stand up? How far how far do you push somebody before you expect to
To respond or you expect they might respond and especially when you know we can't hit him
He can't punch him. He can't push him. He can't shove him right what else was he gonna do if he was provoked to that point
Okay, his team got in on the last game of season wasn't it
Then he hit the home run to one of the game right so Saturday's last Saturday right every game during this season was just as important as each playoff games
How do they differ just because they're playing for the world series each game was just as important to them because they got in on the very last game
Well, that's that's ridiculous. I mean, that's the technicality once you get to the postseason
You can especially in a short series in a three out of five you can't say every game during the regular seasons is important
Let me ask you this question. How long have you followed baseball
Ever since the blue case winner the tronics that's a problem. Oh, you're from Toronto. Yeah. All right. How many times
Did you see? I tied don't made a never haul off
How many times did you see a manager and I'm thinking in terms of of Earl Weaver in ball the more Billy Martin in Texas or or New York with the Yankees
Kick dirt in the outpires face
Washington outpired bumping outpires part me
All right, well wouldn't you think that some of those actions were just as bad as Roberto Alamars
And I'm not condoning what he did, but he snapped and was provoked
Why think one is a little more disgusting than the other and
You know, I think dark kicking was allowed because I think
That's as far as they should go. No, you've never seen one of Earl Weaver's tie rates in ball the more when he was managing
The Orioles before being enshrined in the Hall of Famous last August some of the stuff that he did was not very classy either
Okay, with all this hoopla. Maybe they should put something in the rule book to send it straight from now on
That's a good idea and it once and for maybe he can use a real commissioner too, so we don't have to go through this
That's the biggest problem with baseball. Okay pal. All right. Golly's go. Bye. We have an open line in the broward
In fact, that's gonna be our slogan in Toronto this year. Golly's go. We'll pack your sandwich
It's 1116 at W. I. O. D. Yeah, don't just don't go too far go. Yeah, the Hamilton would be good
We'll come and visit once in a while and I sell out hamels
Know that now there and they were always always have a sell out you saw that the speciality the other night
Who was it was it the settler who said there was not any other city anywhere that could have had Harold Ballard and so many nightmares for so many years
And still sold out every night that they love their leash. Yes, we do
Attention South Florida if you're expensive air conditioning repair estimate has you hot under the collar have no fear
You can do it yourself with the expert guidance of Atlantic air conditioning supply
You'll say 50 60 even 70% off of the cost of air conditioning repair companies a typical
$2,000 air conditioning replacement can be done for as little as 600 bucks if you do it yourself a
$300 repair you can do for under a hundred bucks call
7356 36 for Atlantic air conditioning supply
Let there do it yourself centers experience staff take you through every step for minor repairs to equipment replacement
You'll be amazed at how simple most jobs really are do it yourself with Atlantic supplies up
You're going to save yourself a ton of money
They've got everything you need to get you cooling right away now with two locations. They're in pompano beach and in loaded a legs
column today at 733
56 36 and do it yourself with the expert guidance of Atlantic air conditioning supply column now at 733
56 36
Hawking entertainment radio
610 W I O D. Oh my god if you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm gonna
Roll off. Okay, it's 11.19 at W I O D. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Good morning gentlemen. Yes, ma'am
Some of these people that call they don't like hockey all they have to do is go to a one hockey game in the fall love
No, they weren't saying they don't like hockey. They don't like sports period
They what they do like we don't know but they definitely don't like whatever we're talking about
But I listen to your show all the time and you talk about baseball football whatever you know whatever you
Licious you're gonna gain some knowledge from something see on this show
I talk about whatever is going on and right now we got the
The season hockey season starts tonight
Of the baseball playoffs are going on right now. We got a new manager in Miami on a plane coming here right now
We got all the umpires walking out. I mean what else is going on that anybody else is talking about are we gonna talk about?
Yes or air fat and BB Netanyahu
About how they may be pieced in the middle east if we lived another 10,000 years, but we doubt it right right bilingualism there
Bilingualism. That's the Monday. We'll do that. We're in sandy peedin. Okay, mr. Rumor. Yes, so still count to anybody else's level
You know you're doing great great to hear you back again. I like your broadcast broadcast
I just want to hear you when we make one of those great goals you have to come up with some lines some new lines
I'm like
This is great like jumping jelly beans. Yeah, put a little spice in it. Okay. Oh, it's a fat
All right, okay listen. I went on one of those coffee crews
Too pennies now you're talking. I went on one of those coffee cruises. Unfortunately, I had a late
Sitting for dinner and after the waiter's finished dancing with the dessert the world cup was on so I run down to the main floor
There's a cruise like to over 2000 people. I go the TV the big screen TV to have on there's two people sitting there
Watching the hockey game. Yeah, I start talking with them. They're from Detroit, Michigan
Then we start talking about the panthers and the red wings and so on so on
So about 50 minutes after talking the the white wings over she says to me her two brothers
Play in the national hockey league. I said what his two brothers. So it was Hatcher
Gary Hatcher with his name. Hi, Mark Hatcher
Mark Hatcher. That's what his name was. Oh, Mark when that guy stood up
He is big as his brothers are Mark's bigger mark mark
Mark played in Baltimore in the American Hockey League and is bigger than Kevin and Darian and I understand now
He's about 300 pounds right. He's a big guy. Yeah, so that was mr. Hatcher to you
Pardon mr. Hatcher to you mr. Hatcher right?
So that was a real neat thing to meet somebody there like that
So but we were the only ones with two thousand people watching the hockey game there
That's great. Yeah, so go panthers and thanks a lot. Okay. Have a great day. Take care
Bye. Yeah, we sure don't want no violence in hockey all today
You're as fringible for quid on a half board for those captain's front
fringible
with the puck
28 seconds
That's gonna fly away
And no blonde here
Maybe to get it to the pot here's a great
Losing away from
Sova
That
Liggy
Bad
Short handed
And the panthers lead
What's that up
Oh
Ball while p cow kick
See if you just would have said ball while p cow kick
You said that will be more memorable. You know, she Rachel Alexander's now in Washington
Yeah, I keep beat writer for the Washington Post. Yeah, isn't that a frightening story about journal
You're in the America on here's the same woman that was talking about Doug McLean getting petition signed in
As summer side in p.e.i. By Tim Horton who owns the local donut shop
Tim Horton who used to play for Leafs and the Sabers has been dead for over 20 years
Has the biggest his wife owns the biggest chain of donut shops all over Canada Tim Horton's donuts
And she just you know it goes to show you getting a little bit information is dangerous when you have no idea what you're talking about
I went to surprise she didn't get a job on QAM. I went to
Somerside p.e.i
Obviously with the Panther training camp, but I went to that Tim Horton's donuts and I was looking for Tim
But hey after an hour. I kind of got the hint. He wasn't gonna show up
How about foster he would he might have been there
Here's Hollywood hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay, sir
Hello, Daniel and hello to Rimmer. Hello you all right
Two things I wanted to touch on basically with baseball. I played baseball in my life
And I was in a minor league for a while and how high up did you get?
St. Lucy met
Played for a couple years and dropped out had a family and that and uh, but you know
What's really just hard about baseball is last year? I went to the last game this season
Took my four kids and uh, that's my fault, but
They wouldn't even look at you in the bullpen. They wouldn't even look at you and give you an autograph or anything else
That's really just hardening for the kids and everything else, you know
And this was last year last year and I took it to the last game this year too and
Same thing. It was like, you know, I changed my attitude again. I said well
The kids are gonna take them and everything else and I don't I don't think they have any any sense that the kids are more important than
Especially last game of the year without a doubt and you know what?
I thought the baseball I thought baseball made a concerted effort last year after the long
Lockout and the strike and baseball and a guy
Probably that exemplified the way baseball players should be is Cal Ripken
I hate to talk about a guy that I was around for 10 years and ball the more
But the fact of the matter is if you remember while he was still chasing
Lugarex record for consecutive games, which he's now surpassed
He went out of his way to spend a half an hour either before batting practice or after batting practice
Every city that he went to to sign autographs and baseball the players association even said we've got to get back to the grassroots
We've got to let the fans know that we've got nothing but time for them and that's kind of disheartening to believe
I'm going when you take four kids to a ball game, you know, I make 40 years a year or whatever
But that's that's the size of point when you take a kid to a game or whatever
It's this heartening if I get about here. I'm gonna spend a hundred dollars easy
you know
When they can't even get the risk of making a good point
It's a very good point that now just to get into the ball game the average person can't afford to go very often
I was telling you right that's right and then to top it off adding insult to injury if you want somebody's autograph
Well come and see me at the at the card show and I'll you for 75 bucks. I'll give you an autograph
You know you know you want to grab his hand when I played semi pro ball
I mean, you know, I went out of my way to
And I was no nobody you know, I'm saying but that's not the point the thing is
You were there in they made a point of it then even in St. Lucy mess. They made a point of it
To please the fans and her yeah, but I don't see that. I don't see that. I think that's really hurting the whole thing
It don't dishearten me. It just disheartens the kids and that's what really gets me amen
And how are you doing today? Great great. How's Neil doing great? You still smoking that doggy still has puffing on it
All right come down pick that tool up a single while is there anywhere you can get a your autograph and his autograph and a bumpers thickam maybe sure
Whatever you want I can come down a little while my name is Marty. Okay, 50 bucks. Hey
No problem. You take me to lunch. Okay, Marty. All right. See you later. Bye. Bye. Why not? I could never charge for an autograph
I'm Rick Weaver and that's my opinion for news talk radio 610 W I O D but Rick who wanted okay
We have an open line of Howard 5249 468 for an autograph
We see we got a card for everything okay
We got something and wait till you see the new setup we're gonna have how are you gonna get all these carts?
Card it over and
Obviously, they'll all be on computer right right that'll be awesome. It'll be a project
But everything's gonna be in the you won't believe it the stuff we're gonna be able to do in fact
One of the things we discovered in that 360 which is a little machine
It's got all the buttons on it for all the quick drop-ins
We've got the various gun sounds which I would thought would be appropriate for my Bob Green tribute on two dear Wednesday
Whatever's our first day in that studio?
Are you starting? Are you huh? Oh, yeah, and it starts out of course with the son of the sound of the gun cocking and then
And of course there's an unlimited number of
We can do it like a variety of ways. So anyway, it's 1127
At W they won't take it personal of course at W. I. O. D
There's some realities in today's world that need to be addressed like the safety of you and your family
That's why liquid bullet is a product you should know about liquid bullets a small state of the art defense weapon
That uses a high-powered chemical stream that is 80 times more powerful than mace
But it's still safe to keep in a house with children. So while it's effective as a gun. It's lots safer trust me
Liquid bullet reaches up to a 20 feet circle of defense
It leaves your attacker helpless for up to 20 minutes, but there no after effects the liquid bullet can be concealed in the palm of your hand
Attached your key ring they have car units home units too liquid bullet can even work on vicious animals
So and they also don't forget you get a free lifetime refill
So when you're ready for state of the art protection for you and your family check this out liquid bullet for more information about how to find liquid bullet
Or if you'd like to order with your credit card just call that number one eight eight eight L bullet
That's one eight eight eight L B U L E T dealers and distributors welcome to call
Talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Okay, we don't like what you're doing today
We're gonna turn it off pretty soon. Okay, just keep saying that man. You couldn't turn this show off if somebody held a gun to your
Push it's 1131 a day or spitting your push exactly or called you a
Dushbag here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen did you hear the humster last night? No, I don't listen to the humster
You made an attack on river. Oh, that's unusual. Yeah, and I have it on tape. Can I play it for you?
Why bother well, I thought you might be interested. What does he say? I'll play it
Yeah, sounds good. Okay, we have an open-line at a 751 one on the green line. What 800 what do you say? Oh, yeah?
That's not new for him. Here's highly a hello. Hey, how you doing? No, okay, sir?
First I want to thank the Lord that hockey season starts tonight
Oh, three months too long. Yeah
Second thing I wanted to comment on was about my cable company and I understood earlier in the week
Somebody said to me that you you were publicly broadcasting the phone number for the direct line to TCI
Yes, sir Colorado. Can you give it to me again, please? Okay, the best number in Denver is
two it's area code 303
267
5500 and the guy to talk to his name is Jed Palmer
Yeah, but
And if people and people want to call Shera Blanchett at the local which is probably wasted time
It's 954 it's a Broward number 723. I'm just giving this out for anybody else. Oh, no, five nine five four seven two three seventy one thirty eight
And I don't care
Because I've called up numerous times and so's my boss. We all have TCI and they really think
Yeah, I
It's not it's not it's not it's not it's they want you to think that it's a waste of time
Maybe call him locally will be but if you keep calling their corporate headquarters out there in Denver
It is not gonna be a waste of time if enough people call and keep calling and drive them up the wall
And that because if you just sit back and wait
Who knows if you're ever gonna get it? They're delaying the inevitable and the more people the more people that call and talk to them at
The corporate office. I think the more they'll get the message that it's not just Panther hockey fans
But everybody wants TCI to pick up sports channel. There's all kinds of programming in addition to the hockey program
Which exactly it includes the Panther games the Doug McLean show
There's the NFL show the Jimmy Johnson show. There's a pregame show. There's a game show. There'll be a Jim
Monday night show. Hey, what show Jim Lee Linshow? Oh, they'll be a Jim Lee once we get the baseball season
No, I had
Yeah, it's done deal also that when you come at the Timmy Horton Stonehouse
I wasn't when I was up an Edmonton few months ago. I tell you what I kept looking for Timmy too
But he didn't show up a lot of people been waiting for him. Yeah, Carl Brewer said he's waiting to be and I with him
But it's a long way one day we got to bring in the Ouija board maybe we can bring there you go
Thank you. Thank you. Oh, you have a great day back to you. Yeah, with our luck Harold Ballard show up
We have two open lines and I love seven dollars, huh? I loved her. You would have liked this guy
You would have it's hey listen to me. I know he screwed up the leaves
But what a great guest on a talk show and the Leafs and Montreal on this one I was living
We got the asshole freedom
The asshole
The asshole for Jesus
The asshole for gun
The asshole for justice
The asshole for crime
The asshole for asshole
The asshole for all time
The asshole for making money
The making all the rules
Taking all our jobs
They're filling us by school
The asshole's on the water
The asshole's on the sky
The assignment says he'll want it
The asshole's need a fly
We
Oh teach you won't you tell me
Have I really made the grade?
Have I held my quest?
Or am I just another asshole on the grade?
Oh
Oh god
The asshole's get the orders
And the asshole's broke the boat
The asshole's get elected
The asshole's get the bull
Brackum
I want to start a fight
That old asshole never died
This land is big in smoke fly
The asshole's been mourning
The asshole's been asleep
The asshole's been asleep
The asshole's to the grade
The asshole's been asleep
The asshole's been asleep
The assignment says he'll want it
The asshole's on the grade
The asshole's been asleep
All right, 104, WID, thanks, Rimmer
It was OK in my book
And there we go, they're off to Philadelphia
Team will be on a way at 230 flight
They're going to kick the flyers ass tomorrow night
And who knows, might even wind up with a sweep opening
We can against the Rangers
They'll kid yourself, man, the Rangers
Highly over-touted
Especially with that needle nose on air
He's going to cost him a lot of money
And a lot of grief
Mark my words
Two open lines in date, 751
So all you assar pushes out there
I love those, those are my favorite callers, man
Yeah, you're talking too much sports
And we don't like this way, he's a...
Yes, so once you find something else to do
Go play pinoccal
Go play solitary, you should be used to it
Go do something constructive for once in your life
Oh my god, it's unbelievable
And of course they won't call now
Because then they'll say, oh we are gone, we're long gone
And of course you're not, you're out there right now
You're on the edge of an nervous breakdown
751 WIOD in date
We got two open lines on the green lines
1-800-944-9463
1-800-944-WIOD
So we got Monday and Tuesday
There's the latest that we can see right now
Two more days, two more trips to this joint
And then on Wednesday we hope
That everything will be in order
It's getting pretty close, it's pretty close
And it's space-age, it is state of the art
And then some
And they got guys working around the clock over there
And our new joint, making it, you can't even believe it
And you'll be able to tell just by the sound of it
Just by all the things we'll be able to do
Here's a lady mobile in Perine, hello
Hi Neil, how are you?
Great, I try to get on me for but I guess that guy wasted some more time
But I wanted to know if you heard the comment this morning
Concerning again the Alamore incident
But Charles got odds good report?
No
Okay, I thought it was pretty interesting
Because he said that he had a way to get back
That the umpires could get back to Alamore
Just by letting him play but every time he got up to bat
No matter where the picture is thrown to call it as a strike
They've already done this with guys
That's nothing new
So they could do that consistently and get away with it?
No
They couldn't
Because there's too much spotlight on now
Right
They've done it quietly in the past where they've squeezed the pictures
Or where they've expanded the strikes on with batters
But there are too many people watching now
Right, but to get their point across they really could do it
And let me say it again, they would never get away with it now
It would create such a black mark on the umpires
And with millions of people watching during the playoffs
They'd never recover from it
It was an interesting thought though
The report was good, I thought
I don't agree that the report is good
First of all, it's nothing new
And Dave Palon talks about in his book at length which was written years ago
As much as I like Charles Osgood
And secondly, it's unacceptable
It's like saying, well, we're going to make a mockery of the game
Because we're pissed off because the guy did something cruel and grotesque
And vulgar
Right, right
It's just not acceptable
Right, you're right
Anyway, I decided to pass on the information
Okay, sweetheart, thank you
Have a great day
We are too bright
Open line at day at 7519-463-751-WYOD
And one in Broward, 524-21-Green lines, 189-449-463-189-444
You know the rest
Here's Davey
Hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir
I waited for over an hour, I wanted to say a load of rimmer
Hi, rimmer
He's gone
I'm a first-time caller, I wanted you to know that you got me into hockey
Last season I was listening to you talk about hockey
And decided to go down to a game
And I've gone to about four or five games last year
Beautiful
And it's an incredible sport
I'm 30 years old, I was never into hockey
And it's so easy just to get wrapped up and it's so exciting
Right, compared to baseball
Which I used to be a big fan of now it's kind of gotten boring
But hockey is just incredible
And I just want to let you know that I just wanted to reward all the Panther fans out there
I have a couple of restaurants one of them I think you've been to
And I want to give 10% off to all Panther fans for the whole month of October
Have you ever heard of the LJ Diner?
No
Oh, I have one in Davey and one in Margate, I thought you've been there
No
Well, I want to anybody out there who says their Panther fan gets 10% off for the whole month of October
Because I'm just really in love with hockey and I just want to pump up the Panther fans out there
Okay
Alright, take care, Neil, you're great
See you
Alright, bye-bye
Open line in Davey, 751 WIOD, we got one in Broward, 5249, 463
And two on the green lines where you've got to reprieve again
Boka and West Palm and all those going up there they got another reprieve
Because once we moved into the studios we still got the green lines
What would life be without the green lines when you come right down to it, huh?
Plus it
That's it, here's a mobile in Hylia, hello
Neil, yes sir
He's in love with the Panthers, he's in his business real bad
Well, both, maybe one of the above
In any case, as far as the Alamar situation
Yeah
I don't agree with the Umpires, I mean I don't agree with what they're doing
But I think that what they're doing is to get their point across at that
Something like that never happens again
Because everybody say, well Alamar is a classy guy
But at that moment he's not being classy
Yeah
I mean you're not a murderer until you murder someone
Yeah
And I mean you know you never see an upspinning
I know something I don't but I still don't see what the hysteria about this is
I mean it was a vulgar thing
Because if somebody spit in your face you'd be freaking out too
I wouldn't like it but it wouldn't be the end of the world
No but I mean you do something about it if it was in your power
Like what?
I'm beat to crap out of me but I sure as hell wouldn't take it sitting down
Yeah
And like I'm saying, Umpires as a brother whatever the hell they want to call it
Yeah and that's why you know this guy's an entertaining guy
And I'm glad Rimmer got him on
But I knew right up front that he's not going to knock
He's part of the Umpire opportunity
He's on the same crew with her spec during the regular season, the American League
So this guy's not going to come on here and knock her her spec
Or
Look it's not a question of knocking anybody
It's just that if they let this go by or if they don't make a big deal about it
I mean how big of a deal they got to make about it?
I don't know because I don't think they've gotten their point of view
How much dirt does the guy have to kick in the Umpires pants or into his face or on his uniform
Before they make a big deal about that that's been going on for years
And I guarantee that when Leo DeRosha and Stanky and some of those guys
And Billy Martin were face to face with Umpires
I'll guarantee that there was saliva
They didn't do it the way that Alamar did
But I guarantee there was saliva flowing back and forth
That's it
They were right in each other's face, that's right
And nobody ever said
It's a bit mad when you talk but one thing is to take a correction for five in your mouth
But he's face
But you have better aim the way Alamar did it so
It's just true, in any case
I'm torn between you two, I don't think either side should hurt the game to try to get their point of view
That's what I'm saying I think it's, let them resolve it their own way, whatever they want to do
But stop screwing the game of baseball because it's already on its last legs
Yeah and the fans are the ones getting screwed in the middle
As usual
Let's get the playoffs in the serious over and then the Alamar and Alamar and Aruman beat them up for some
Then we don't care but just get the games going
And closing the always ass of the discolven
They're complaining about talking about hockey for what an hour or two
Yeah
Yeah, we have to always hockey fans have to put up with the bullcraft football talk in the station
99.9% of the time
Right, so they don't like it, they can kiss my ass
Football and boxing man enough with it already
Unbelievable
Have a great day, Pat
Two open lines and now there's a real good sport boxing
That's a good savory sport that all you guys could enjoy
The ones that you can all bend out of shape about somebody spitting in the umpire's face
There is a good savory sport with nothing but really respectable people involved
Both in the ring and outside people like Don King
People who never stole a freight train real good fights that look real fishy at best
And ripping you off from your heart or in money
But hey, nobody cares about that
751 WIOD we got two open lines in date
Here's a lady mobile in Coral Springs
Hello
Hi Neil
Yes ma'am
I wanted to weigh in on the Robert Roberto Alamar situation
Oh, here we go
Well, there's one thing I don't understand and I heard an interview
Way away
I heard an interview with Doug Steele, the commissioner, or acting
Yeah, the make believe commission right
I know, but why are the umpires like you said making such a big deal about it
When they know full well that the contract between the last labor agreement
The rules very clear
They don't get suspended playoff games
It's only for regular season games
Right
He always got no authority to suspend him for the playoff
And they know that they can't go out on strike anyway
And right, and which Jimmy you heard Jim McKinja say before he knew that they were going to have to go back to work
Right, so what are they doing this?
They're trying to win public sympathy as if it really makes any difference
I mean, what's the point?
What difference does it make?
What side the public is on?
Yeah, we have no influence over it either
We want to see baseball
Right
We want to see major plays
Those people are interested in it now during the playoffs in the series
Those people want to see the games
They don't give a crap about this anymore
And a lot of the people who are all worked up about this
Are people who keep seeing this on Channel 7, 10 million times an hour
And so right away their experts and it's something for them to talk about
And they're not even baseball fans
I don't care who's calling the balls and strikes
Take the college umpires and put them up there
They can call the game
No, I don't agree with that
You don't play a 162 game season to get to the playoffs
So you can make a mockery out of the game
We all know that they have to go to work
There's no choice in the matter
They find a no strike agreement
Right and they're going
And of course they were going and they knew the score would say they're going
They're not going to suspend Alamore for the playoffs because they can't
Yeah
So you know, let's get on with the game
Right, amen
I'm with you
Thanks Phil
Okay, see ya
Yeah, let's get this stuff going and cut the crap already
Now you people are so psychotic because somebody's spitting somebody's face
One of the mildest defenses that can happen in America on a regular basis in a country where people shoot each other over a parking spot
Where we have drive-by shootings
Nobody cares about that
But boy somebody's spitting somebody's face
Now you're talking
Now you're really getting me pissed off baby
Uh oh
Right, back at you
Boy, oh boy
What an echo like I said yesterday and I'll repeat it again today
The public gets caught up in whatever the hype is
Whatever the media gets everybody whipped up into a frenzy about whether it's OJ whether it's a spit non-era
Puss whatever it is the public just dutifully comes along like a bunch like this is the most important devastating thing that's ever happened
In the meantime the people at the NTSB and everybody else keeps lying every day and holding press conferences
And lying about this plane that went down all these people that got killed nobody cares about that
And let me tell you Robert Francis take your bald headed push and give it a rest already
We're sick and tired of seeing you and all these BS stories already will you?
God
Just like I told you you'll never hear the real story from your government about that deal
115 and WI would
Talkin' entertainment radio
610 WI OD
Rick Riley, I'm sorry
117 and WI, hey well listen I'm not you know, Adam's in here already getting into a big, a verbal battle with everybody on behalf
Yeah, let Rick fight his own fights, okay?
And I was wrong about that the pull we took you that a rumor grew at least a tiny pair before Rick ever even thought about it
He's got to be upset, well too bad we got a project to do okay here mister and we got a grab it by our own hands because we got nobody directing it
You know what I'm talking about?
We got nobody directing it
Here's Stuart, hello
Mr. Rogers
Yes sir, from Stuart sir
Bad connection boy you got a bad hum on his phone
It's raining pouring up here
Okay, I heard the tail end that it's directing me, it does have the panthers or
It's coming either tomorrow or very soon, but it's coming so upgrade now I would want the panthers say buy a truck going by
Good A-camers, the riders
Okay, good phone
Wow, what a hum job on that phone
Open line on the green line 1-800-944-9463, here's a Tamarack hello
Tamarack
Gone, Tamarack is gone, that's good, that's a good empty spot on the map, good place for it
Open line of Broward 524, here's Miami, hello
Hey, Neil, yes sir
Hey, I live open, Pemberpines
Yeah
And we have ICS up there
You have what?
ICS, are you here in there?
What the hell is that?
Able
Never heard of it
Yeah, well they've never heard of the panthers either because we don't have it
And ICS
ICS, I have the other number right here
Yeah
And I thought Pemberpines was all TCI
Well, that's our other choice
What do you mean your other choice?
We have either TCI or ICS
I never heard of ICS, I don't think anybody else did eat it
I don't know if they're affiliated or what, but I ate it with what?
With TCI
I sure doubted
Well, I don't know, but they, I called them and they didn't know anything about anything, it sounded like they didn't know anything about anything
Well, that's good, you have a good time with them
Open line in day 751, oh brother, brother, brother
What about Antonio about cable for years, huh?
And all of a sudden you're getting stuck at, oh, what are we doing now?
You're crying on my shoulder
Like I haven't been telling you about this for like ever, forever and ever and ever
Here's Davey on the purple line, hello
Hey, how are you?
Okay
Hey, this is only 19 minutes, that's pretty good
19 minute wait?
Yeah
Not bad, yeah, well we think out and start it over again, top of the hour
Hey, well listen, let me just, it'll be a little suck up action later for you
But all baseball needs to do is extend a debate, losing another couple thousand fans per stadium
Say what?
All baseball needs to do is extend a debate a little longer
Right, and that's right, and they can, and they can, they can, they can just shut down altogether, you're right
I mean, you know, last year's strike, what did that do to the baseball and, and then you just, just about put it in the, in the, in the, at the end of the rope
These people are real intelligence
Yeah
So I gotta say, and the suck up action is that, you know, sports is at least 25 to 30% of the entertainment in this town
So what you're doing is just following what the people want to listen to and what they want to get involved in
And I remember last year, a year ago, how you let the, Mr.'s event, and go on and on about the OGL trial
And you're just simply following what the, what the listeners and what everybody wants to talk about
Let me sit again right now, this is the high-item, you're allowing them to talk
And what I've done for years and years, you know, what I try to do, it doesn't work all the time, but what I try to do is talk about whatever is going on
And right now, what Jim Leland-Coloured in town has been a Marlon manager today
With the OMPIRE's having threatened to walk out, with the Panther season starting tomorrow night
You know, with all this other stuff going on, this is what's happening
Hey, listen, there's baseball, Erickson's gonna get a shot of quarterback
There's a wide deal going on
Right, that's right
And they ought to take a lesson from you
Well, and from Rimmer, see this is the guy they don't want over there because they're intimidated by him
He's got, he knows, you could tell it, they know each other very well
He knows all the people in sports, not just in hockey, but in baseball and football, basketball
He knows them all personally, he's got everybody's home phone number
You know, he just had George pick up the phone, here call his number, here's the guy in the phone in two seconds
And why anybody wouldn't want a guy like this, unless they're threatened by them, is a very sad comment
So the fat slob can sit over there and keep mouthing off all he wants in QAM
If you really want to hear what's going on, you got to go to somewhere else
And you know, you do a great job, thanks for being around
Okay pal, have a great day
Open line on the purple line, pound IOD, what are you doing Adam, you're getting me upset
Get me upset
Oh, so in other words, you're going to come in here every day at this time and pull Rick's spots for him
You're going to come in here and pull it
Oh my God, Brackdom Jesus
I don't understand that, isn't that kind of a bizarre situation? You never did this before?
Not in the afternoon, of course you weren't producing that show when they were on the afternoon
Did Randy show in the afternoon for a week?
Yeah, and did you pull her spots?
She didn't have any
Oh, that's a good point
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Speaking of Shotty, I'm firing, did you see the game last night?
Yes I did
The second out there that called Strike 3 with about four feet outside the strike zone
Did you see that?
Well he was making up for the one he called on Clasco earlier in the game that was six feet outside
Remember when Ryan Clasco got in his face?
No, I only watched the end of it
Oh, he called on us Strike that, well you couldn't hit with a seven iron
Yeah, it's unreal, it's unreal
I enjoyed baseball this time of year, I couldn't give a crap less about it during the regular season
And neither could most other people
Right, I think I've got a good idea for Joe Robbie and the pro player Park next year
When baseball starts, call up Channel 10, I'm sure they've got some of Joey Reynolds' audience standing around there somewhere
Hardboard crowd baby
Can you imagine?
Sure looks better in those orange seats
Listen to me, there's one thing that you gotta play
Yeah
And I love it and it sends it all up and down my spine
Oh, you get chills in your rectum
Play by play on the radio
Oh, get out of here
You just heard that other guy say that now
No, no, no, I'll play
Everybody's got chills in their rectum now from my play by play
I don't wanna wait, I'm in my car, it's betraying like hell over here
Oh, you don't wanna wait, now he's gonna tell me what to play and when to play it
I want it now, man
Don't we all
Hey, and the card too
Yeah
Play it, God damn it
But I think you just blew it
No, I didn't
Say I'm sorry
I'm sorry, miss it, I'm very, very sorry
I'm very effing sorry
Okay, now it's better
Okay, he didn't say what you thought he said or just
We have an open line of Broward, 5249463
These people, boy, I'll tell you one thing
You won't find, you can't complain about pushing people in South Florida, man
Because you sure are
Play by play on the radio
Play by play
The one who's being kidnapped, back for sure, we go back, back, back, back, back, back
He makes a one handed catcher against the Wolfman
Oh, it's not that
Now I'm a fortune in the summer
The sound of the southern voice still streaming
Me and the red head were up in the counter scene
And out in San Luis for sure, they're the same
Holy cow would have faced fall game
But the sacks loaded and here comes that man again
And if it's played by play on the radio
Play by play on the radio
Play by play, I saw it on the radio
The swing of the splinter to Maggio's life
The man and Mike's made it come alive
Bernie and Mel and Bob was the prince of the guy
Out of thin air pictures somehow appear
You can smell the hot dawn and taste the beer
Tell the excitement as the crowd begins to cheer
And it was play by play on the radio
Play by play on the radio
Play by play, I saw it on the radio
Play by play, I saw it on the radio
It was a score!
Kissed a wife, did not hate!
Got the club prize, holigt!
In , does a Vocor
Smoked ice gibi, and soda
Xiangleckus, swing his little dogads
The field ran to the night battlefield
Going back back back to school
Lay back and sends the fight on the loop from home
A man and Mike's made it come alive
Flew into myczech
And long on track, turn it up louder
If the coaches are coming by
And it's play by play on the radio
Play by play on the radio
Play by play, just a dance dance
Play by play, just a dance dance
Play by play on the radio
Play by play on the radio
