Well tonight and look to the west you will see clearly Uranus really yeah good he knows
I'm Jennifer Rem news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
This is the show of the manana
Colleo Raja
This is the brain
You're not asking
This traffic update is a service of the only sponsor we got
It's a parking lot now and about better expressway. You know we got the usual delays. It's rush hour
We got a few collisions one at 27. Davenue another one on 47. Davenue could be northbound. I don't know
My peace outbound. I don't know that either
Could be eastbound. We don't know we can see nothing from this room. It don't have the windows
It's backed up on major problem all the way around the big curve and I'm not talking about my ass
That's your eye is fine don't shoot me out of this guy a traffic from your traffic Chica as they yes
Okay Steve how was that do you think I could have the job please I got a great ass
Erranty any shortfall in the mid-tax driven use that are generated our players live in Broward County
You tell a bell practice drinkers in Broward County
Built to our home from day one has really been in Broward County
We've never had a practice that the Miami arena. We don't have any business dealings there other than the nights we play our games
Our entire future all of the planning for this franchise from day one has been towards an
eventual building here in Broward to make it our home
Now the Broward Commission can do one of three things they can say okay. Let's go forward with it arena
They can say okay. Let's don't go forward or they can put it on the table and discuss it later
Whatever they decide will have it for you later coming up. Okay. Thanks. I think that's a good buddy
I see man there's still they're still holding their meat
So anyway getting back to the guy that Oshan provocateur the code at the end of the hour exactly
Greg Fadek was just tell me that he and Jolie record the announcements for the Joe Robbie Stadium for the dolphin games
The ones that are played as you're walking into the stadium and you hear those voices that's a Fadek and Jolie
She does this banal he does in glaze and
Of course, it also made me stop and take pause and think about the sawgrass that when you do walk in like the white elephant or the yellow seahorse or the
Purple dinosaur or the
green rectusaurus entrance that
What are you laughing about?
That they have all those recordings in multiple languages. Okay, exactly
Exactly
But I still think the guy had a good point. What do we need to program an esponial for okay?
We're gonna like have it in Chinese now too pretty soon. You'll have a program that'll wait like 50 pounds
Thank God at least a fix right at short. It's short believe me. I've seen him
So anyway, here's a mobile and curl springs. Hello. Oh cool me. Oh, yes, sir. We did a double header
He gets to we went. Oh, God. Yes. We went to the mallins and the panthers great good for you
Here's a here's a local athletic supporter
Well, let's talk about the mallins game for a second. First of all the people have no clue at all
Listen to this you can't first of all they only had one gate open to let you in oh nice. Why was that the escalated don't work?
It's broken I
Think if they can just cover up another 20,000 seats though or 30,000 seats with some schmathas
I think it's gonna look sold out every game this year though
Uncle me. They said it was a sellout dude. You could roll the
Yeah, there was a lot I saw it on TV. There was a lot of empty seats. Yeah, so then check this out
You catch a foul brawl nail to give you a bag of charcoal. Oh
Yeah, that's to grill a cat with of course. So we left there at about 620 and we went over to the panthers
That's where your real fans are
Uh-huh, nobody gets up in between parties
The more people the get tested and then watching the game. Yeah
The game was awesome the second pair was outrageous. Strock is God right and Ray Shepard
You know I started I started to say this earlier. I got sidetracked
I sidetracked myself
Can you imagine where we would be now if if if Brian Murray wouldn't have acquired Ray Shepard and Marty Strocker?
Can you imagine where we would be right now? Oh my god, you know how about that fight?
In the stands not you all that one too. I saw you watching it. I was across from me
But how about the the fight in in the second period when
So you got punch pretty good. Oh god Daniels. Oh, you mean when Daniels beat the crap out of a Paul laws. Yeah
Oh, yeah, Paul laws man. That was the quickest fight in history. That was like a 22nd knockout
Yeah, I gave the guy to 10 minutes right, yeah, but hockey. I mean, I've totally got into it this year
I went to my first game last year was that well that's where it's at
That's what it's all about. I'm trying to explain to these rednecks down here
Hockey's the greatest sport in the world and if they don't understand that man
They don't know what life is all about. There's nothing even close. There's nothing even close to it
Anybody that hasn't been you know something Neil it was more exciting
to see
Cleanball run out there than watch them all again
By the way, don't you love seeing those lineman go out there like in civis and of course he had shorts on and a and this guy
I mean with all due respect to the dolphins in any other place the lineman and football are such a bunch of slabs
They're so out of shape. They look like
Oh John McSherry on a bad day. Yeah, what happened if cleanbell flipped on the ice and he was out for the season
Yeah, and of course he probably would have cracked the damn ice too. That would have been the end of the game
We love you Neil. We love hockey. Please keep a team here and the big Keshi Heshi your douchebag
Okay
See ya
Open line of power god. We still have had nobody asked for free tickets yet. Thank God. Oh, let's milk this for all we can
Please I'm begging you we have an open line of power
So what do you think to speak or not to speak that's the question
I'm looking at the lineup, but I'm gonna tell you something
Wayne if you really want to get those Julio's in there this year you're off to a bad start
We used to have bonito we had uh
Who else did we have who is that right fielded and uh what tell us his name
Hunir
Hunir Felix get the honey Hunir
He sucked, but anyway, so I'm looking at our opening day lineup yesterday
We got Kilvio Various leading off at second base. That's good. That's a real good Julio name Kilvio baby
We love you and then you got a you got Devon white. He's as black as the day is long
You got the Gary Sheffield looks pretty dark to me. You got Jeff Konaan who's very pasty and white in a great player
You got Terry Pendlin who looks pretty dark to me last time I checked him out
You got Colburner at first base. He looks awfully white and light-complexed to me
You got Charles Johnson CJ behind her plate who looks fairly dark
Complex it last time I checked no speaking of spawning you got Kurt Abbott who's kind of like a like a redneck
He's a good guy shortstop. You got Kevin Brown. I thought pitch pretty damn good yesterday
He was a starter yesterday for those who don't care about baseball which I don't at the moment
But I thought he pitched pretty damn good
In fact, he did pitch pretty well seven things six hits and only one run and then of course
New Yorkis Perez came in here who's the other Julio in the lineup and basically there went the game with three more runs which
You know but Brown gets the loss because we never scored any
But anyway, so New Yorkis Perez who was the first relief pitcher
And stunk that you went out and then Matthew's orcelac and whether's none of whom sounds too Hispanic to me
So we only had two sticks in the whole lineup yesterday
Which is virus and Yorkis Perez
That's no way to win over the Julio's just because you got a bunch of Julio talk there in the in the program
That's not gonna do it. We need who in your Felix back. We need Benito San Diego. They used to love saying Benito
Benito your Benito. Benito you know, they loved it
We need to have a hell of a whole bunch of Julios out there if you're really gonna win these guys over okay
Take it from me. I know how to do it trust me okay. Let me say in fact. We'll get about your real good looking young Julios in there
Okay
We'll get some real good guys they may not be able to play too good, but they'll look good
They'll get everybody out there to be screaming. They'll be moist. They'll be emotional
Then we'll have like a real you know like yesterday they had about 40,000 people out there. That's okay
And like I said wait we can just get some real big tarps and like
You know if we can cover up 90% of the seats and make the seating capacity seven or eight thousand
We can sell out every game this year which I think it'd be a record
12
1213 at W I O D
Guess who else was at the game last night
Mike from a Atlantic Coast mortgage. That's right good guys over there. See these are just regular guys their hockey fans
That's another reason I like him not only they treat our people well, which includes you
But there's a guy that's a hockey fan. He comes to all the games. He stops by. He says hi
What a great game this was after the second period when it was a great game and
You know these are the kind of people you want to do business with just regular joes like for
Off the street who want to help you get some money a
Atlantic Coast mortgage a licensed mortgage business has been helping folks just like you ordinary folks
Since 1982 you don't have to worry about that condescending attitude that those big hot shots with the three pea suits in a bank
Have all you got to do is pick up the phone and make a phone call
That's it that's all the effort you'll have to put out because they'll make an appointment when it's convenient for you
They'll come to your home. They'll come to your orifice. They'll map out a mortgage plan just for you
And even if you got some problems like maybe yourself employed
Maybe you've had credit problems income problems
They can still probably help you get the money and get the right mortgage just for your situation
And you'll never ever I want to emphasize this ever pay an application fee no ripoffs
So you'll never have to risk a dime if they can't get you the money you're looking for it won't cost you a penny to find out
Call 987 8077 today and let Michael or Archie how to get the money you need for whatever you need it for
987 8077 a Atlantic Coast mortgage
So Taco Bell claims to have bought the Liberty Bell brother not buying. They're just kind of sponsoring. I see we need a sponsor something here at
Coxboa casting
Washington monument I doubt if our listeners would appreciate it though till the holiday season oh yeah
Then we hang those Christmas balls on it
Rick and said six to ten a.m. on news talk at entertainment radio
610 W I O D
No solamente is Hank Goldberg
I was calling about the why but you have for sale in the paper
Okay, what kind of why but are they okay? I have some
Lot yeah
Some spotty lofts and some solid color loft oh wonderful and I have a straightier dough and I have two dwarves
I would or dwarf
You're small rabie. Oh, okay. We have a farm
And we like to play with the rabbits on a farm
Uh, you wouldn't happen to have any like little rabbit handcuffs
Did he want to know handcuffs for the rabbit?
Yes, yes
Well, you we used them when we hunt them on the farm
We like to hunt the rabbits and we take them and nail them to a twig by the ears and its skin and a wife
Uh
There was hello
And now what I if that's what you don't do a taste rabbit sir. I couldn't say you a rabbit
We have a little game we play called all rabbits must die
No sir no sir no sir
I wouldn't say you a rabbit
Of first fifty dollars. I like to hunt the rabbit. All right. Okay. You you go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits
But these aren't for keel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively
No sir. I'm sorry. Couldn't say you read it
Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a washty water
So they just had the Michael Irvings through their own channel six new don't you think you should get special dispensation because he went to you?
I
Have like up to six pounds of crack up to a six pound crack
Why not your love to rape and you ought to be able to rape at least 17 co-eds and then like maybe five or 10 chicks off campus
and 20 or 30 pounds of grass and 40 or 50 pounds of blow and
80 or 50
Thousand pounds of fish as in blowfish and that's it
What about the hookers? Oh no hookers. Oh, yeah hookers. So that's right. I forgot that. Okay 20 years
See that's okay. They don't mind the drugs. It's just a sex they get very uptight about in America
So you can do all the crack and all the blow you want as in blow this but hey, uh, no well see if you well
Okay, let's go to it all depends on where you're blowing and what you're blowing. That's the problem
That's what America's uptight about. Okay
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yeah, sir. You're gonna tell Michael. He can't carry his oozees too
Oh no
No, I was just gonna thank you. He can drive in his oozee though. Yeah, I don't know about that
I was gonna thank you for turning me on the hockey this year. Yes, sir
Been going to the games. I'm having a great time
It's a good thing you got to find it this year because of course this could be our last which is a very ugly thought
But it's something that's certainly in the back of my mind. Yeah, well, I'll drive to Broward if I have to
No, I'm talking about our last in South Florida. I'm not talking about our last in the oh, I hope not
I don't know and then I just got my name on the list for the season tickets right
Open that they stay down here. They better. I agree and H. Wayne better watch it or otherwise
He's gonna have to change the name of his team to the gringo set in the Marlins
Yeah, and have a nice day
We have an open line at day 7519 463 751 W. I. D. So like I said that York is Perez came in there and this
Could just stuck that joint out but anyway
Where we going we're going to Lake Worth. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Okay first time caller?
Oom motivated. I used to live in Miami and one thing I haven't heard brought up yet
I used to live in the Kendall area. Well South Kendall. So did I I used to live in Kendall
Yeah, okay five years. I lived in Kendall. Oh, I lived there from 1984. It was okay
And I've been listening to you. It was congested. It would begin crime infested a lot of people there
And it used to take me about an hour
To get downtown because you had to take the pal meadow to a 36 the too long as parking lots in the world
Yeah, it would be just as quick and easier to hop on the turnpike to go up to that sunrise location
That's right. That's what I went on everybody but they don't yeah
They're sticking it to the people who live in Miami as well except for the six fans who live on Miami Beach
I mean the closest population area to the
What what what fans who live on a beach what fans are there on a beach? Well, I said there were about six of them
Yeah, you know on Miami Beach maybe and by that time and night most of them are so stone
They can't make it across the river across the uh, whatever it is anyway the bay
So it has nothing to do with even browered upon the
Yeah, it has to do with Dave County to where's most of the population in Dave County?
It's in the southwest
At least the people that seem to want to go to the games. Yeah
So why why drive through all that hectic? That's where all the Jews are in west Kendall last time I checked
They speak English shows you're hockey fan. Yeah, and you got one up here in Lake Worth and basketball fans
I don't know what I'm doing in Lake Worth and basketball fans too. Don't forget that and basketball fans too
And I think that Mickey Mouse is making a very big mistake. I mean, I really do for
You don't understand. It's part of that whole master plan. They got for that big gigantic port project there
I must read they read doing the whole
Bay there for Mickey Erison's fun and profit. That's what it's all about
As if the billions of dollars that he's got already is not enough for him
I'm sure they have a lot of work. How much does he need?
It's not bad enough how much Wayne needs how much does the Erison family need before they got enough
We'd like to know how much do they have to choke off this town
And if anybody wonders how come we'll never get casino gambling here
All they got to do is look how useful those cruises to nowhere are and those gambling ships if we had casino gambling in
Casinos. Yeah, it got for bit got for bit
This was definitely not a fan decision. There's no question about it
Yeah, do it business quite a bit. It has to do with greed
That's the only thing it's got to do with his greed and self-interest crap. There's no question about it
I would love a pair of those tickets by the way if I possibly could okay
Well if you're Jewish you got a pair you got okay hang on a big pair okay line a take care of our buddy there take care of our Jewish pizan
We're not giving out tickets to know goiim. I'll tell you that right now
So even if you're not Jewish you better lie about it and start speaking several words in Yiddish and or Hebrew or you're out
Hey, listen, why the hell can't we start pulling this crap? Let's start putting the damn stuff in Yiddish in the program
How would they like that? Huh as in hey coxah hois that would be good right there on the front page
Whoever the hell of marlins are playing today. We got a message for you coxah hois. That's it
Think they got the message or what
So anyway pretty depressing about that john McShurie business and of course I continue trying to
Emphasize to you that fat is not where it's at
There are a lot of people who just don't want to get the message. They want to just keep you know
Porn that stuff in there pouring it in shoveling it in like this is the way it's supposed to be let me ask you this much how in in nature
How many animals do you see in nature who are fat you ever stop and think about that? I'm talking about I'm not talking about your pets that you're feeding the same crap that you're reading
That you're killing by the way. I'm certainly not talking about that. I'm talking about like in the vile
How many animals do you see that are fat
I'll tell you oh the big oh none
There are no fat animals in the wild
Because they eat whatever they want to eat and then they run around and do whatever they're doing do whoever they're doing or whatever
They're doing that so they might their own business. That's it
I rest my goddamn case okay. Are you getting the message now or what oh boy? Look at that the weather sure looking
I have a lot better toward the weekend. I'll tell you that wow wow wow oh
Oh man
Let's all hop on a plane and get out of this joint
Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Happy poem and back to you
Mots the ball and all that good stuff. Uh-huh listen. Let's be a good George
I went to my first game last night. Yeah, it was pretty cool. I liked it. Yeah, it was unbelievable
Listen, uh, it was got through real early and we were checking out it was uh, you know, because I had I could say I'd never been there before
Let's check them out warming up and I'm sitting there and these little bastards are running around chasing this stupid blimp
Mm-hmm. What the hell is that all about?
They need a lesson that they'll never forget you know
Good and broken leg
Oh, and by the way, I wonder what happened to the guy that got hit in the head with a puck that happened like
That was right behind you wasn't it? That was right in front of me about four rows in the front of me
I saw him grab his face
Yeah, and then the kids his kids started screaming and crying at little kids there and uh, and then the white furry commonly
I'll grab this jacket
She walked out with very commonly like hey, I hope his skull is cracked open might not some sense in when we're something like that
But the kids were like psychotic. I mean, he just got hit in the head with a puck, you know, I mean
I was like both sound mom I was I've never been so it's kind of lost
But I wasn't I was I was doing okay and it was one of those things where I saw it coming and of course
I'm not a pussy when it comes to stuff like that. Okay, in fact
I remember once I was broadcasting you of him baseball and caught a ball that came into the press box right between my knees
It came up over the top of the encounter that we were working on and I caught it right between my knees
That's called self preservation. That's what was what I would do on channel 33 with Bob Greacy
And I caught it and believe me it never moved a half an inch
I caught it there firmly between my knees because if it would have continued moving along
It would my voice would be a lot higher now
No, it is not
But I only have one ball now. I see I didn't know the players and all that so I'm kind of like watch
I mean, I know my name, but I don't know their numbers and who they are watching and I seen him make that shot
And I guess it went off the other guy sticking it went airborne. Yeah, I'm trying to follow him
He just said stick, you know to say he's trying to throw some more yiddish in there. He just said stick
and but
Them kids chasing that that blimp was driving me crazy and that stupid
Launch in the t-shirts man these people are like animals. I know a freaking people like carrying on for free stuff man
Doesn't it make you want a bar for people that are like a bunch of free loaders like that if they're gonna ask for something for your good
Something free they should ask Neil for tickets, right?
Right
No, but I think it was pretty lame the only thing that I thought was like I said there's nothing more degrading and disgusting to me than people who gravel for free crap
Neil the only thing that I thought was pretty cool with yeah, which was okay with the the things with the kids and the
bumper things they were launching them
During intermission on the ice. Oh, but I know you've seen that so many times
You know if you never saw it, I guess you find that amusing. I don't know. It's both the I'm already man
I've never seen snow or ice him as a first one I went in there, you know during a hockey game
Well, you're easily amused I guess
Yeah, kind of but my first intermission I went out to have a smoke for get it
Oh, man, it was like a cocktail party out there, right people were on top of people
Let me give you a piece of advice if you got to take a leak don't wait till in between periods to go there because you'll never happen
Let's it on the floor. I didn't need to figure out that bad. I got back in I was like this is ridiculous. Yeah
But yeah, can I check out a game?
I beg your pardon can I go check out the game? Can I get some tickets to what the hockey game
Maruja to Arunoi
Sure, Eloheno mella hallo hang on show on hang on
Purple I take care of that freeload or okay is not any other people because they want to t-shirts and he wants free tickets
To them out too in fact if you lose his name
So anyway, it's 1229 at W I O D if you've been waiting to promote your business on the web
Here's your chance to get on that web right now you can put your products and services in front of 40 million people worldwide for
Only a bucket day dynasite can help develop a home page and get you on the web in 24 hours
How do you like that for like speed? You don't have to spend thousands of dollars or wait months to create a website
Like we're doing here at i.o.d
Using dynasites exclusive insta-paid service you can be on at web tomorrow
And you'll get weekly free access reports free multiple search engine capabilities and access to an optional credit card security server
All this for just a bucket day called dynasite at 448 1189 a website promotes leading edge image for you in today's high tech world
More than 200 companies called dynasite last month for home paid services
They're the web people dynasite call 448 1189 or look for them on the web at dynasite
Why wait to get on a web when dynasite can do it for you right now
Call them today and ask how you get your first month on the web free too when you call 448 1189
Use talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Hey Neil
F*** you
Mike Balecki's Jewish would you believe it?
Joe Girardi Andre Dawson too
Doug DeSentos Jewish could you conceive it?
And Louis Salazar's a June
Ryan Sandberg's Jewish wouldn't you know it?
You're a Walton Harry Carrey too
As a matter of fact all the Chicago cups are Jewish
Since I fell in love with you actor villain away
I fell in love with you
Beautiful
So Ryan Sandberg's back Rhino is back. He's kind of embarrassed to come back
But I guess he spent the other 40 million real fast and he needs a similar money or something or he's just getting bored or maybe he developed a personality
Which I doubt Ryan Sandberg's back nice said Jewish boy not
And it comes one yesterday I wonder if the not-slanding lady saw that she's probably pretty busy now
It's tax time is she still doing that on the side or she
Just doing the air conditioning side
Yeah, she works in the office for the air conditioning for the family
I don't know so I think she does that she'd like moon lights or moonshines or whatever
With the attack thing and she's definitely too busy to call us because it's like April 2
So anyway moving along here's the North Miami. Hello
Hey Anthony how you doing today?
Okay, I got a question a couple questions for you real quick when they were planning the Miami arena about 10 years ago
How come they didn't plan like all the new state of the art
Modern age there are a bunch of schmucks. That's why why wouldn't they think about there a bunch of corocular little schmucks
And that's just
Because you're dealing with Miami politicians who know nothing about sky box from schlocks from
Rocks they know nothing right? I can't understand Ryan Cox
Yeah, my other quick question is you can have grapes on before the playoffs start
Yeah, let's see that's a couple of weeks away. Yeah, I guess so we'll have them on a couple weeks
You know that your best shows right there. Yeah
And cuz I when I give them a little education as to what the hell's going on
He don't know what's going on. Hey when he says to the moon. That's the best. I love that
Okay, it's like around for the tickets sure. I guess so thank you. How about okay hang on
Line three take care of that guy on air now. Who's that is that the not slanting lady? Yes
See, I knew she'd be on air immediately. I didn't want to embarrass you though. Well, you had to know I would call
Oh, I thought you'd be busy doing tax stuff. Well, I am busy doing tax stuff
Now you're still doing that, but just like yes moonlighting right like I said I finally got one right that's good
So how's your weight coming if I may ask such a personal question? It's doing wonderfully. Yeah, yes
You've lost the number huh? Well, you don't have to give it to me. I don't know why you wouldn't want to give it
I don't want to know how much you weigh just how much you lost 102. Oh my god. Oh
Wow
Yeah, I'm a different person
She's lost 102 pounds on the Atkins. How do you like that? Yes, I have and not because she read about it in new times either. That's right
My good buddy Neil that amazing 102 pounds. I know it is
It's completely amazing all these people come around to arena and you know the hockey games
And one guy last night. I guess he said 44 and then there was another guy that's lost over a hundred and somebody with 25 and
It's amazing. It is my kid's school all the people in the office on it now really yes, they must have read new times
I don't think so. No
How about that?
I've started the quietest revolution in history and look at this. They're showing the John McShurie thing again
Here what I thought one is wrong with you people on channel six. Will you stop doing this already?
My god the man is dead. What a shame. Oh
352 pounds soaking wet
What a shame it's standing out there in the heat and one of the best umpires of all time too. He's a great guy
I like John McShurie was good was but he was fat. Yes, he was see what that faddle do to you
And now look at that now they follow that story up with mother Teresa. I think they're going from the sublime to the ridiculous
Jesus. We don't have to go to that extreme
Next I'll have Wendy Bennett on there. That's right. No
But anyways, you lost 102. That's great. So you did you watch the game yesterday?
The Cubs game. Yeah, no, I just read the box score and I had to go and see what Mark did of course
I was watching the marlins and
Mark races up at a basis look because I heard that the cubs went into extra innings in their games
So I flipped over to GN on a satellite immediately and they were in the bottom of the tent
I guess it was right bottom of the tent. So you got to see it bases are loaded with guests one out and
Here's Mark raced up there and he follows off a couple of tough pitches and then slams it past their base and
Harry screaming cubs win and that was it. It was great. Harry by the way sounds like oh does he really any breath?
Well, I don't want to say that not after yes, it sounds really
Hey, deal. Fuck you. Yeah, any breath could be the last round. So Rhino looked pretty
I don't know. I didn't I just that's the other I turned it on just and I guess I was the one that put him over the top
Because I turned it on just in time for him to get the winning hit you and my race and chess scored the winning run
And evidently he had tied it up in the ninth with a two run homer right? So how do you like that? That's wonderful
But I can't I don't care about the cubs. I know you're still you got to go with me
You got to get me good seats for one of those games
Okay, and we'll go together
Maybe I'll get you good tickets. I'll get your seats believe me. We got plenty of seats
Well, great. We were given away seats yesterday for opening day
That should tell you how much interest there is in this joint for the mollons. Yes
It's a shame. I still got to find out who that kid was sitting in our seats at the hockey game last night
With his girlfriend maybe he'll be very good. Huh? Maybe he'll be he was there once before
So he must be related to somebody that works here or somebody
That's sweet as she had blonde. Here. He looked the head that's sweet as she looked like a good looking match
Sundine is a matter of fact. She didn't tell me those things
Yeah, my weaknesses you would have been hyper ventilating
You would have forgotten all about holy holy grace. I don't know this year mark grace and I have to have like a little
Meeting oh, yeah, now that you've now that you're shapely and uh, yeah
You have to hold a meat
Yes, I'm like that. Okay. Take care. Well, thanks for calling in the stay busy. I will bye. Bye
Not slanting lady there checking in as soon as she heard mark grace
She dropped all those tax forms right on the floor
So what if somebody does go to jail for who cares? She says it's a question of priorities. What's more important?
And obviously it's mark grace
So did we find out yet who that kid was at the game last night or not had to be unless now they weren't sitting in
Because they've sat in there once before they must be related to somebody that's here now
Didn't you once tell me that somebody downstairs?
Was it isia
He had a plantation high school ring on so it's somebody who lives in plantation
Do we have anybody works here that lives in plantation?
It's got a son of a good that did go because he's definitely not in high school no more
Thank god because that's a problem
But a lot of people we do
Besides me that lives in plantation oh
Jeans binato that's right Johnny dark
Jeans binato. Oh, yeah, it must be related to Johnny dark. He had that blonde hair just like Johnny
Ha ha ha
Yeah, he kind of reminded me of Johnny dark, huh? Yeah
Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Okay. Oh there last night. Where yeah great
Rick came I met you the other night
I gave you a couple of Danemons right
Right. Yeah, we were there again last night and uh, where the hell did he get those by the way?
Um, there's a tobacco shop and a pember pine. Oh, we don't want to promote them because Mike's a garter get all psychony
Okay, so I don't know where it is then
Okay, but got him there and um, it was a better crowd than but yeah
I was I was very pleased which I'm usually pretty skeptical and they got there a little bit on the late side
Which I didn't understand because of the baseball game, but uh 13,000 plus for heartbirds
Even without anything else going on. That's a damn good crowd. Yeah, pretty good
Yeah, I like to say that the screw blend makes me reclumped every time he touches. Oh man
What are we gonna do about him? He maybe we'll just make him miss the bus and not go on his road trip
I hope so he's pathetic. I mean we got basically we're hanging on for dear life and 15.3 seconds left in the game
And he gets another stupid penalty and he gives it up every time. Oh, he just uh he gives me the willies big time
And uh, he's just scary and I just want to say I love the show and I am sucking up for Tampa
I've got we've gone to a bunch of games and I'd like to get it at once. Okay, you will
Okay, and can I say hi to Mike?
Who's that boy? Oh, you can say hi to Mike and thanks for this cigar's mic
Okay, and hang on
wine five take care of that nice lady because your boyfriend gave me two cigars
That's hey, that's what it takes you know
It's tit for tat baby you rub it a little out rub it a little we'll see what happens
It's grease in somebody's palm. That's what the whole world is built on that kind of stuff. Okay
If you're gonna be a freeloader then you're never gonna get nothing
If you're gonna like tip the guy at valet parking a couple of extra bucks
You'll bet your car will be right out there and I'll say yes sir mr. Niel
Here's your car and I have a big smile on his face to say oh by the way don't let anybody back into you again
Because Tony the nose is getting a little upset about you know that insurance
So anyway wonder if Tony the nose is gonna have the concession at the brand new arena in brown
If we get it built so I get the feeling we're not gonna hear anything today is that what we're gonna go through this again
Day after day after day after day we're gonna be spending hours at the bull
Not the orange bull, but at the porcelain bull we're gonna be spending hours with baited breath on hands and knees
Waiting to find out if we're gonna get screwed over if we're gonna get our beautiful new arena where it belongs right there in
Somewhere in Broward or if it's just you know how long can this drag on you know what I'm saying?
How long can you drag it before it starts bleeding
1241 at wiod tropical Chevrolet they're not bleeding over there
But they do have a little mess on their hands. It's that construction business which still goes on just like the construction on
Viscane Boulevard which seems to be going on for last 500 years
Man if they do plan to building that whole thing down there at bison teniole park if they do that as fast as they're repaving by a
Miss game Boulevard by the year 2459 by the year 2525
Zaguar and Evans ought to be playing basketball and that thing
But anyway
It's a mess
Basketball and hockey are winding down. So it's time to talk dolphin football
Default Mad Dog and Bokeh Amber get you ready for the NFL draft every night at six p.m.
All sports talk six ten on news talking entertainment radio
six ten wiod
They said it couldn't be done all your ringer were you right with the late great John Lennon in the television event of the decade the story of the fab four
Of the jose and tholeteray two little Beatles song and you saw it all on one television number a Beatles
Well the ratings were so good. We're going to do it again
A city shouldn't be done very
Robin Maurice reunited with the late great Andy and yet another television event of the decade a story of the brothers
Gale the bg's anthology only on a bg's see featuring no new songs or which we can all be very thankful watch for the bg's anthology coming soon on a bg's
See and stay tuned for future television events of the decade on a Bobby Sherman sea a box car
Really see and eight but hole surfers see so let me ask you the beach for the beach boys the bg's here
They still living around here or what they still over there on star island with all those big shots
Even Andy Gibb he's hanging out over there
So anyway, it's 1246 at wiod. We haven't had any more worried about the arena as soon as we know then
We'll make something up and pass it along. Do you as soon as ike Siemens comes flashed on there on channel six again
I'll open up the thing. I just don't know
Here's Lauder Hill hello
I'm in bokeh now like I said here's bokeh
I got a
First of all my people would say that's a big improvement by the way
I want to knock the people in Lauder Hill but quite frankly got a pretty marginal town, but anyway it is
The my vote is no for the for the espagnol in the in the marlin's
Manual there. Yeah, I just don't think that's right
Um, I had a question about this whole thing that's going on with your arena yesterday. No article. Yeah in the paper about the lady
One of the ladies on the commission who says she's sick and tired appearing about it. She's voting no regardless
Well, how can somebody on a commission who's supposed to vote on the details just come out at a pure emotion
She just says she just don't give a crap about it. That's all that's at lory whatever her name is
She just don't give a flying crap about it. Well then she shouldn't be on a commission. Right. That's right. That's unbelievable
Amen, but uh listen nil I uh will be out of town for the ranger game. Yeah, and I would love to be at possibly the last game of the franchise history
Last game in franchise history. That's a little bit um you said before it may be out of here
And I don't want to miss the last game. Well the last game then would be the ranger game. I can't help you
I'm saying game is sold out and I don't have any free tickets for it. I think you may have a problem there
Well, can I go to Tampa Bay?
Please there's a plane leaving at about 3 30 on uh us air, I think
Please you mean you want to go to the lightning game? Is that what you try to say?
Please guys because you're doing a very very uh weak job
You have to be a little more assertive say give me the goddamn tickets
Give me the goddamn ticket. What kind of an attitude is that?
Hang on all right line seven take care of that poor wimp. Well yeah, Jesus
Quit acting like such a wimp
Now where's the thing I was looking at in this stupid article here brown arena could hinge largely on this and that and uh
We're I'm so sick and tired of this crap manager's uh Laurie parish. There you go
Laurie parish. She's the one that evidently corny our spy report about 1130 that call we had from Saudi was at the meeting
She was the one who was also saying well, let's uh, you know when in doubt. Let's drag it out
I don't spend two hundred twelve million dollars without reviewing it and studying it said county commissioner Laurie parish
I think it's irresponsible to vote on it today
What does it hurt to postpone it for a week? It might be fine
But I don't know that because I haven't read it well read it bitch
Read it and vip and get with it
God they got a guy coming in here. Oh musta like uh, I don't know
Maybe his stocks all went up for something
Maybe he woke up on the right side of bed one day
But he wants to like a guarantee
Uh underwrite any and all losses for the arena. They can't possibly lose any money
They bringing that goddamn Gary Bettman the top man the head cheese the big Hanjo the big Kahuna as we say here at i.o.d
And uh, and they still like our dillin around over there
Unlike in date county where they like oh yeah, okay, whatever you say here it is
We just found it under a goddamn mattress somewhere here's 165 million
Which has turned in it over 200 million, but hey, we'll put in a bank and make it grow
They're just dillin around over there the dragon their feet it almost looks it looks to me like they're almost looking for an excuse
As if to say well, I don't think so they probably went out and took a survey in cemetery village of all the old farts
And they said we don't need no arena here. How about if we have an early bird there, huh?
We could have the only arena in america with a concession stand with an early bird concession
The game don't start till 7 30, but they open the gates at 3 30
Okay, so you can eat your early bird at 4 we can have a morisons cafeteria line right inside
We can have a satis buffet right inside the arena
Go over better than halivan sunrise. Oh
Here's wilton manners. Hello. Hi, do you know how you doing? Okay. Good
Um, what's that for you? Yes
How many times am I going to see this ref hit the turf on the TV? I know it's ridiculous
Isn't incredible. You mean the umpire yeah, the umpire
We don't have referees. Well, the umpires. Yeah, three times this morning
They just keep showing it over and over and over again
And I think Dave hides got a good point but nobody read his column this morning
They would stop showing this of course because they're just a bunch of grave robbers
And like I said, that's all the public in this country wants to see is just a bunch of grotesque violent stuff and snuff films
That's all they want yeah, it just seems like it's pretty good
What happens the the media just drags it on and on and on for weeks just not the snuffs enough
Okay, first time caller. Yeah, and
I started listening to you right about when the act and you started talking about acting. Yeah
25 pounds great
Not too bad. I went off of it gained a few back. That's okay. But I'm right back on it
Yeah, I'm gonna come that's something video hop off it for a little while and you hop right back on it
Yeah, that's what they said no problem. Right. That's great
Um, also I went to my first panther game last night right which was great
You weren't sitting behind me were you? No sir. Oh, thank god because the phone you'd hear a dial tone so fast
No, these two guys man they were huckin a china the whole night about a bunch of kaka and they were talking loud like
Like you and I are talking right now and they're sitting right behind us, okay?
That's incredible all crap that had nothing to do whatsoever with the game
That's unbelievable. They should have been out stood
But we really enjoyed it. Yeah, the fans seem pretty supportive
Yeah, and uh, we had a great time. I was a good night last night except for the damn fistfight in the stands
They're right at the end. That was a deplorable. Oh, we were disgusting
They were probably trying to put a show on for Wayne
But we really enjoyed it and I was wondering if I could maybe snore for a pair of tickets
You were wondering if you could go again. I'll like on the week a week from tomorrow on the tent again
The Tampa Bay Lightning that we better beat that night and cut the crap. Yeah, absolutely. Okay
Thank you
This Jeff Moss with these damn tickets. We had a real show going here for while and now we got these freeloading people on here
They got basically nothing to say which is good because it's killing some good time
Oh, God, do I wish we'd had Wayne Arnold come down here with some food today, you know
Because I got to hang around and up up there, you know this afternoon for all oh
We should have Wayne Arnold come in here with something. How the hell am I gonna make it all day without anything?
The least they could do is cater like a little something over here
Then I'm gonna have to sit around with her hot shots over there and listen to a bunch of bull crap. What kind of garbage is that?
Stealing minutes from my precious life see that's what I don't like is when people steal even one minute from your life at that point
They ought to go right to jail do not pass go
They're stealing your precious time and as we saw yesterday with John McShurie rest in peace
We never know just how much time we got left when we weigh 352 pounds
Here's Miami hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay
Speaking of Wayne Arnold I'm right across the street right now. Yeah, bring something over. Yeah, George says bring something by
I'll call Murray. What do you want?
You're at 125th and 441. Yeah, the public throwing on the cross street. Huh?
For an hour here waiting. Well, how fast can you get down here?
George can call Murray right now
About 2015 20 minutes, I guess and what are we gonna do give you tickets and exchange for it?
Well, I'm the guy who gave you the Toronto Maple Leaf clock. Oh, yeah
That's right you gave me something already so you don't have to bring the food down here. I'll bring it anyway
That's good
So you want to go to the game right? Yeah, that's a deal. Okay, hang on and Georgia
Arrange the whole thing. All right. He's masterful with that hang on. Okay, line two take care of that guy and calm him down
So we don't hang up and then tell Murray want a whole bunch of stuff. We want it down here by 130
Because I'm not gonna starve here all day because we got a bunch of hot shots in here with the Cox corporate
Bull crap going on
It never ends here, man. It just never ever ever ends talk about neurotic repetition. Oh, Jesus
Here's a plantation. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. When they planted on building the arena out near the sawgrass
The Broward one a bigger part of the arena was a planned on being built near the sawgrass possibly
Oh, did you just come out of a coma or something? I want to make sure before I stayed in the next statement
Possibly there possibly a Broward at 9.95 possibly adjacent to pop it apart. Those are the three sites that they've been debating about
Think the sawgrass I think was number one. Yeah, and it's Wayne's Lori Hyzing the works for Preston Han
And the swap shop. Yeah, so anything that's going to bring people to the sawgrass is going to hurt her directly
So well then why do you think she snows
Snowball on this thing. Stonewall on this thing. Who's who's the snowball?
What does Lori parish have to do with it? Is she not the commissioner that's stonewalling the boat? No, she's not the one
She's got nothing to do with the site. She isn't she doesn't want to you don't understand what I'm saying
Like the most people want it. No, let me say it again. That's the site that the panthers want all right
Who owns the panthers? Wayne right. So where's the logic and what you just got to tell him again? She works for Preston who does?
Oh Lori parish works for Preston Han. There you go. What the hell is she got to do with Preston Han?
She works for she works at the swap shop. She worked the Broward Commissioner works at the swap shop. Yeah
One to two hour who said not your his new album duets is a smash it old blue eyes is still got it
I'm keeping it baby. So now Frank Sinatra sings the 90. Yeah, what the heck I'm almost there anyway
Frank Salutes the red hot chili pepper
Give it away give it away give it away now or I'll freaking take it the chairman of the board sings right said Fred and spans the years while touching a whole new generation
I'm too sexy for my hat too sexy for my hat even though I'm old and fat
You won't want to miss Frank Sinatra's new sound that's as fresh as tag team
Hey pops. I really dig those crazy thread locks
won't there it is
I said won't there it is
You worked out wiki won't you Frank Sinatra sings the night is available now at record stores and nights of Columbus halls everywhere
You can't touch this unless you buy it
So anyway, it's 107 at W.I.D. We're sitting here on pins and needles. They're on a verge of voting and Brooks said it looks good
How does she know that did she personally pull them? I mean so to speak
She said it's gonna pass five to two it looks like now and we're sitting
We're sitting like right on the edge waiting for like a big explosion to take place
So we'll find out for you like any second. Okay, just keep it right here
Just keep your finger on it and we'll we got our pulse. What do we got three pair of these to give away yet?
We give away seven. I hope I'm counting right
Because the last thing I want to do is give away tickets that we don't got and pull out of the one of these bogus contests
We always do we got three left right
George
We got three pair left. Oh, I thought I thought I shook my head or not it up and down you
Well, how can I see you when I'm slumping back here in the chair underneath this thing because there's a lot of
There's a lot of pressure going right now
We're waiting for the result of this vote. Don't you understand the future with this goddamn of our lives the gaze of our lives and if you believe that
Here's a pompano. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay, listen
I don't know if you heard the
Report before but it's just another example of them
White watching everything they gave a report about why the tourism was down in Miami. Yeah, South Florida
And they blamed it on the weather up north
It wouldn't have it happen to have anything to do with uh wait a minute
What do you mean by that the weather up north has been a nightmare
It's been the worst winter in recent memory. They break in all the records for snow
Why shouldn't the tourism be better than ever exactly? That's what I'm saying. What does that mean?
They're telling us that the reason people didn't come down here was because they couldn't get out
Right. Oh give me a break right on your way. Yeah, I break. Oh my god talking about the the city or the excuses never in
Oh, they just keep coming up with better and bigger excuses
Nothing to do with the crime down here. It has to do everything. Our image is pristine baby
Everybody around the world when you when you tell me you're from Miami you work or live in Miami
They look at you like I can't believe you're still alive. Oh my god. I mean all I know
Just like the godfather. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive
And also for old Panther fans including myself. Yes
Sail Royal Caribbean instead
There you go. There you go. Just say goodbye to carnival cruise lines. That's my suggestion. I will never
I will never sell carnival cruise lines and I will never subscribe to Miami her old either
The hero could start putting a hundred dollar bills inside of each edition
I still wouldn't go out and buy it. I would just uh breaking to one of those damn
Vending boxes exactly
Listen, I'd like to suck around for a couple tickets. Okay, you got them. All right. Thanks. You'll see you there next Wednesday
Okay, hang on purple. I take care of that guy. Okay. That's eight pair. We got two to go
But who cares about free hockey tickets
The one thing we finally got see I understand I'm a big hockey fan. It's selfish
We wanted in sunrise of course right by my house and right where it's convenient for lots of us
Meaning those of us who live like in centralbroward
But the bottom line is when you live in a place for 20 years and there's such a
Dirt of anything when it's such a dead what a hellhole when there's so many old disgusting decaying farts
When there's so many illegal aliens driving around in their little brown Toyota's making life almost unlivable
When there's nothing but crime and mayhem and murder and mud shit on the highway and all his crap
And you finally get something that you can be positive about that people can sink their teeth into that's fun
That's great. That's positive
And you got to hang on for life and death because you're like on a verge of somebody taking it away
And you know what it's consistent at least I'll give them that
At least it's consistent with that philosophy if we don't want people here having too good of a time
Because that's the mentality in this god damn state
Come to Florida but god forbid you should have too good of a time
And by the way, how do hell come stavros is still back on here?
I thought he ran away with Marlena
For this show they really need to suck kaitras for this god damn show the gaze of our lives man
So anyway, I'm just I'm just
I'm choking. I'm gagging
I'm waiting for the good news
They're getting ready to vote is that what she said like seven minutes ago
She said that they're getting ready to vote they're like right on a verge of it
Well, what are they doing what do they have a little four play first?
Are they all in the floor having a little floor play
Here's south Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? Well, I've lost 32 pounds on that
Doing great another guy that reads new times or height. Oh, I've never been to a hockey game
Yeah, and I thought maybe we could suck a few tickets out of you. Okay, you can suck a pair
Thanks of tickets hang on okay line three. That's the ninth pair
Let's get this exercise over with so we can start talking to some people like I've got something to say
That's my idea. That's my idea of a show not just sitting around giving away a bunch of stuff
In fact, I even like better when Phil comes on here and a either doesn't give away at all or be gives them to people who don't exist
That's the way to do it Phil that's the way to do it with this audience
So anyway, it's the clock is ticking along and we're sitting here and there are a lot of very nervous people out there
And I don't care what any fat slob gets on here and says on any radio station about how nobody really cares except a small handful of people
It's a large handful of people out of you like that Hank of course. What would you know about a large handful probably about the same thing
I would yeah nothing how about a small handful
Yeah, we Jews can relate to that. That's what Andy said
So anyway, we got one pair left. I think we ought to do a break here. Okay, make them wait in suspense
And maybe when we come back from the break we'll have some word maybe the bird will be the word
And we'll find out what the story is they're getting ready to vote and
And uh not listen to we have a gun to each commissioner's head to make sure that this thing comes out the way we want
That's the way to do it. Okay, make him an offer they can't refuse all right
We got a man up there that's got more money than Jesus and almost as much money is uh Mickey
But not nearly as much and this guy is willing to underwrite the losses and you mean to tell me the risotto brothers are willing to underwrite our losses
And you don't want to take this deal
Isn't that who it was? Who now were the risotto brothers
They were not the ones that were for that was the what was the day goes on a west coast that were protecting uh Frado
The
The um was number son over the guy always get that wrong. I always out of brothers were the ones that were uh bankrolling the uh yeah
What oh it was the mall and airy family on a west coast that's it the mall and airy family on a west coast
Not only putting the put the hit on uh Frankie pentangely with uh
Heim and Roths orders. Oh
So what the hell is that guy to do with this? So in other words you better pass the damn thing or we're calling up the risotto brothers
How do you like that?
My friends with their propane gas
So anyway, it's 113 at W.I.O.D
He make the sunday
He got the sports page folded on his bendy knee
He make your smell like something guy
Hey Mr. Tidey bowl
You better jump in
You got the hide and hide oh no
The old man
Is on the cold
He got the spare tire in his middle
He's always hauling the healthy load
He had a blue plate special with three flat beans and you can hear his crack explode
Hey Mr. Tidey bowl
You better jump in room
You better hide
He had my friend
The old man
Is on the cold
The old man
Is on the cold
Okay, well listen we're calling some time with this but
To me time there's definitely a marathon area and the Marlene is down here with some broadets like all wrapped up in a goddamn sheet or something in a bridal guy
I don't know
Hey listen, thank God I don't watch this show anymore. You really go nuts
117 at W.I.O.D. We're still waiting on the big word. Where is the word? What's the word? It's thunderbird come on
Let's go already. Let's just make it up
I can only stand so much more pressure so much more stalling around
But evidently it looks like they are gonna vote on it. Is that is that what she said?
Isn't that what she just said like 15 20 minutes ago our good friend our good close personal friend Brooke
She said they're getting ready to vote on it. Isn't that what she just said or did I dream that did I my hallucinating and hyper ventilating God damn it
Okay, here's Hollywood hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I want to talk about the both. He came tonight
I'm a big Chicago fan. Yeah
And wait, you know we're 62 and eight and that's a pretty good goddamn record hang on
Here's Jennifer
Five to two. It's past. It's a binding agreement. Oh
And there you go thanks Jennifer you welcome. Got. I'll even share JC with you now not
Yeah, right likely story so anyway, it's it's a done deal. How do you like that? All right? It's a done deal
Let's have a party. Oh, what were you saying? All right, so you know at 62 and eight you know
That's a pretty good record. Yeah, and uh, I'm listening to the Kim Blow camp or show on Sunday and I heard that
Gasp. Yeah, and I hear that's Kimba blowhardy
And I heard his ass hole call up. I mean, you know a typical Miami bag and he calls up and he says well
You know if we get the number eight spy, you know, we have a pretty good matchup against Chicago. I mean
Right
We got lucky and beat him. Yeah, pretty good matchup right like a story. Oh, yeah
Hey, listen, even the Raptors beat the Bulls one game. What the hell does that prove? Yeah, so listen to this asshole
He says that not even because they beat us here the last time because we didn't want to go out and go out and play defense
Okay, but that they might have better talent than we do. Yeah, is he out of his goddamn mind or what I want
To play up the big boys. That's right. Yeah. I want this asshole to call your show or call Kim blow camp or next Sunday
And I want him to give him directions and I will meet this asshole anywhere and I'll beat the living hell out of him
Okay, but Neil listen. Yeah, this asshole doesn't realize that uh the biggest faggot on this team of the lawns. Oh morning
Yeah, and I tell you what yeah, he wanted to get out of show see there's a bulls fan for
All right, it's a done deal baby. We got the arena
Mickey Arison blowing out your little weasley ass. We got it
How do you like that? Oh my god
Oh
There's a buzz all the street
oh
This
I just made a few ever wanted this
We can shout, make some noise
Runnin' and sign a line
There is more of an oven
It comes gonna shoot out the lights
The place will be rocking
Cause it's Saturday night
Hardin' fast-breaking, full of all lights
There's a few rocking baby
It's Saturday night
Yeah
Three mores for checkmate
Three more takes to park
Roll the down the line and poppin' shot it
Hit some knee and roll down to the Detroit Blue Line
Three more lost hit
Two more shots
Got you
Set off
Full
This is a session with Hockey
It's Saturday night
Hardin' in the air
It's Saturday night
It's a spirit of the day
And the legend is on now
But the chance for him to come here
Oh no
The chance for him to come
Yes
Okay
The chance to win
The Stanley Cup begins April 16th
On Moles and Hockey Night in Canada on CDC
So let's have a party here
We're celebrating with Wayne Arles right now
Okay, we got some stuff here
We got Negley Burgers with bacon and cheese and no bun
And we got White Hot Straight from Rochester with little onion and no bun
We're doing the Atkins
We're doing the Skatkins
We're having a party here
And Mickey Erison
And you people at the Harold
Blow it out your ass
How do you like that?
Well there are all thing in Broward thank you
Five to two vote
It's binding, it's done, it's science-yield delivered
Yeah, I have a little of that crap
I mean that's good stuff
So how do you like that, huh?
After all of this gnashing a teeth
Didn't I tell you all along it was a done deal
Wasn't I the one voice of sanity in this other way
In the sea of wilderness
That said no problem
Don't worry about it
Rimmer, it's a done deal
After all these hysterical phone calls
And after all these rumors
And after all this innuendo
And hysteria and paranoia
Didn't I say just calm?
It's a done deal
I never said that
So anyway, it's 123 at WIOD
Doctor, are you sure you're going to die with strange taste of movies
What's next?
Neil won't like it
The amateur hour
Sunday night at 11
A news talk and entertainment radio
610
W-I-O-D
Oh Neil, my queen
God
That hill rises into like a boy guy
If you're an APS
To the swish and decide
The smoke of good
Stalk and ride around in your bed
You've got a radio show
You can just for the check
Happy anniversary to Neil
The only thing in this town
That's real
He follows the familiar around
Just to hear that famous farting sound
The only act can't stop
Take the bread off your sandwich
And like a bonus
To Mary Mandage
Neil Rogers, you're the best
You really put my hand me to the test
Neil Rogers always gets to know your day
Neil Rogers turns blind cops into a bear
Neil Rogers, the only thing I miss when I go
I went away for a weekend
Excited town for art of love
But happy anniversary to Neil
I always love your show
OK
Looked 28 at W-I-O-D
It's a great day for the Irish
Did Jewish to Chinese
The Spix, the everybody
It's a hell of a day baby
So we got our own thing
By the way, wonder are they voting also
On the site selection
Are they going to take care of that today
Or are they overwhelmed by the emotion
Look at Johnny Dark
He's got a big smile on his face
He said, all right, we got something
And Broward besides do does
They voted five to two yes
It's a binding deal
It's in, we're in
Where they're going to put it now
Up your ass
They can't fit
Yeah, can
So anyway, I don't know whether
I just was asking that
Oh, there's IMS again
Just what he needs is some more publicity
OK
I guess they got tired of Howard
So now we're going to have IMS on
Every God damn channel
Morning noon and night
Before we croaks
Which ought to be pretty soon
From the looks of it
God, does he look bad or what?
I beg your pardon?
He's got a 28 year old girlfriend at least
I hate, I grant him that
She's pretty cute
Sure, too
She's a real cute little blonde piece
She's a, I thought she was 30, uh
31 or two
Blonde what?
Piece
Yeah, a vase
So what's wrong with that?
Oh, you can't say that on the coast
I know that
You wouldn't go over there and say
Hey, how about that?
I'm a said-out beautiful piece of ass
He's a, you wouldn't say that on the coast
You might actually have some numbers over there, OK?
This is because you got a bunch of dumb
Julio's listening to Gloria Estefan records all day
Why just stop playing that bitch, OK?
Butch up
Take those goddamn CDs in here and burn them
We love her
Yeah, bitch you do
You hate her like poison
Why don't you be honest
Why don't you say this is IOD not the coast
You can't stand Gloria Estefan
I like her
You wouldn't touch her with a 10 foot tongue
Oh, I was, she's great
Yeah, you, look at that
He's got his legs crossed when he's sanded
His eyes, his legs, and his tongue
He speaks with a fork tongue
So we got the arena so Mickey Harrison stick it up your ass
Oh
And all you, goi, I'm over there at the Harold, all you anti-Semites
Wipe your ass with your newspaper, OK?
Because we got it and guess what?
We're gonna build it
The arena date will never be built
Are they gonna put it in the sawgrass?
I hope
I don't know
I just got you asking that question before you open the door
And waddled your fat ass in here
I hope so that would be nice
Now what do you care?
You're not going there
I don't want it to I-90
I don't know if they have concerts
I don't want it to be a-
How about if they have some hillbilly in there, OK?
Then you'd love going and see it
I want it at the sawgrass
For what?
Because that's where it should be
Right, because that's where it should be
And Johnny Darks a man who stands up for principle
Even always full of crap
Plus he figures he can get some pre-concert tickets
And you don't want to go to Broward 95
Because there's too many dark folks over there
And they don't listen to the coast
So what does he care?
Here's not true, you don't have no-
How many blacklisters do you have on a coast?
One, one
And he said they got him tied up in a room somewhere
Like in clockwork or in sets right
Instead of Beethoven, they're playing Gloria Estefan over and over and over
Oh, God, a fate worse than death
So anyway, here's the Hollywood, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
How do you like the good news, pal?
Oh, I think it's excellent
Well, hey, for Hollywood
I went to the first anthors game last night
And I had a great time
All right
Now we got 30 years, 30 more years of Panthers
How do you like that?
I think it's excellent
You know, I actually did work, Johnny
I heard him was playing
I dropped the short dust last night
With that little penalty here
Yeah, he tried hard
They pulled it out
I guess he thought there was like a minute 15 left
He didn't realize it was only 15 seconds
Yeah
You know, I think it's a make it real exciting, that's scruey
You know, they should have buried them though
I really think that they're gonna suck it up
Because it's crunch time now
Yeah, we played that real conservative third period
And we almost paid a wicked price for it
Exactly, you know, they're not a good idea
Yeah
The puck was down in the way, it was in the hole
That's okay, we'll take the two points, thank you
We'll take Buffalo, Beaton Montreal up there
Thank you, so we're back in fourth place
Now, seeing now, I can really get enthusiastic
Because now it's not just a temporary little thing
Now it's a part of our lives
Exactly
And now we can look forward to no more at the arena
And hopefully something in Broward
Right
Hopefully it'll be at the sawgrass, I like that location also
Right
So, listening to your bend over from a couple of tickets
Bend over, Johnny, he says he wants to bend over
What do you think?
Johnny, Johnny, just
I would talk about it rather bend over
Johnny just said, cock a moon
Okay, hang on
Thank you
Line 5, that's our last pair of free tickets
Okay, for now, that hockey game against Tampa Bay
And every game from here on out should be sold out
You know, I'm going to have to say something on the year now that I never thought I would say
It takes a big man to sit his ass in this year and say what I'm going to say, okay
First of all, let's thank that little Jew Gary Bettman for coming down and doing a good job
Because we never would have got this through without Gary
Thanks Gary, we love you sweetheart
Even though you were kind of a bozo during the lockout
Thanks to Gary Bettman, he's okay
You knew a little Jew could come out here and finnaigle those guys up in Broward
But as far as Wayne is concerned
You know what, I never thought you know what we're going to do
George
George
We're going to take every one of those songs
That's in the DCS and we're taking them out
You know what I'm talking about
Out to lunch
All the Wayne songs were taking them out
Never to be played on his show again
Because I'm not here, you know, I'm not saying that anything that I've said the last two years is wrong
Because Wayne's done a lot of things to piss off a lot of people including me, but
But when push came the shove here's a guy to cut us all the team to Nashville to Portland to all kinds of places
They were desperate for this team
He could have said screw you guys, okay
I'm losing 20 million a year in that piece of direct down there
I'm putting up with that little asshole Mickey Ererson. I've had it
And he finally found something he liked
He's not that crazy about that whole Marlon deal over there from what I hear
He's not all that crazy about the dolphins unless Jimmy J turns that thing around
He likes the uh, he likes the Panthers. He let his into it
He's there most of the games
He's standing up when I have the free t-shirts. He's standing there. I want it. I want it like everybody else
So we we're gonna kiss his ass right here collectively come on Wayne
That's for you sweetheart
All is forgiven come home here's a guy that because without his going out there and
Underwriting all this stuff and all the guarantees without every extra thing that he did
There would be no arena and I guarantee you no Panthers and no hockey and just like Gary Bettman said last night
Don't think if you lose this team you're gonna be getting another franchise real quick because it's highly unlikely
So we're kissing Wayne's ass today. How do you like that? I'm doing it personal on both cheeks
That's right
It's an embarrassing thing for a grown man to have to do to eat a little bit of crow. Let's put some of this Wayne Arnold hot sauce on it
Not so bad
Thanks to Wayne and thanks for the guy that picked up the food. That's my good pal. What are your Toronto clock?
And by the way did we find out who those guys were at the end of our roll last night or not
That's the most important thing make sure they come back again soon
It's the bitch though. I mean uh, so anyway, thanks Wayne from the bottom of our parts. Okay, Wayne high ping eyes
See I started doing it again. I started calling them that grotesque that unacceptable name
Fiber say that again dump it and then let me know where you're working the day after that
Thanks Wayne
Thanks Gary thanks Bill Tory thanks Brian Murray. Thanks for the memories even at Doug McCleaney and doing so good lately screw him
But let's thank all the other guys
Because we finally got something good. We're gonna keep it and brown and those guys in dead you can dittle around now
You can screw around from now until the end of time
This is a binding. It's written. It's engraved in braille and stone. It's etched in marble. How do you like that?
That's what Jennifer just said and she better not be making it up
135 at W.I.O. Did you ever get the feeling that it was your hairline slowly received so does your image
Take a look at Wayne see there. We goes again 10 seconds out of the box. He's starting to pick on him again
The news that matters to you county's there. We're not a table in the program
Before the program exists there now and attainment who both were involved
Coast Guard officials did question both parties finally the cops
I've gotten off the idea that we have all the answers
News talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D. Let's just go get drunk. We've been friends for a long time. We've gone through a lot together
Yep, I guess I've never told you what you mean to me. I love you man
So can I have your sunlight sure or take it have the whole six back. Hey thanks. Now come here and give me a big kiss sugar lump
What kiss me full on the mouth?
Wait a minute. I think there's been a misunderstanding here. I just wanted your beer and I just want your hand on my
Tush don't deny our love my little sweet cake now come here. Hey get your hand of me. That's not my hand
You'll do anything for a sunlight
Well almost anything
So anyway 20 till two I'm having my own little party here. I see Andy's participating in George and Mark
And Johnny dark mark in the dark
Have a little Wayne Arnold here to celebrate which is always good for up. Good laugh or two
That's right
So anyway all we want to do is say one thing to Mickey Arizona came out that I've kissed way not both cheeks
Hey Mickey take your heat and stick them in your rectum. I mean like way inside there, baby
If
If there's still room after that six six six that's tattooed inside your cheeks just like it is on the on the inside of the anus of our good friend over there at Tony Ritter at the heraldah
See what they were trying to do they really thought that they had this thing all nailed down
Maybe they're going to do their little
Sub-diffuse there the Broward Commission is going to start getting real weak at the knees which they did
They're going to pee in their pants and they're going to back out which they did not
And the panthers are going to get out of town which they are not and they he'll have their own ball game
Well guess what the heat now is sucking wind
Because if something happens not just a Dan Paul thing, but if anything else happens
And this thing falls through which I guarantee that it will and they'll never build that arena indeed where is the heat going to play
How about maybe in juneven New York sounds good to me
How about in your arena that they're already in the present arena
Mickey Erison's gonna have to probably come up some way with his good buddies to shell out some extra money to put a few skyboxes in here
If they can do it and maybe some extra seats like up on a roof looking down
And that's where he's going to be stuck
See
It's the anti-Christ see what goes on the onions are like coming from the front of my mouth down to the back of my throat
And I'm not even chewing them it's the goddamn anti-Christ
The spirit of Christ compels you that's what I'm saying right now Mickey Erison and you jackasses over at the Miami Herald
Especially but not exclusively Tony Ritter the spirit of Christ compels you to take on your BS in your devious ways and insert them deep inside your
Brackum right now
How do you like that
We finally got something that made sense done okay they can call it the Wayne Heizinghi arena for all I care
We're gonna get it and he's that's it and so he is in many ways a jackass and asshole
I don't want to say that word on here, but hey when the bottom line comes when push came to shove
Here's the guy that bailed our ass out. Thank you Wayne on both cheeks
Here's the mobile in Miami Beach hello. How you doing?
Okay, take there's takes everywhere in Miami Beach today metro and Miami Beach great
They are actually on on pine tree drive. They are they have a checkpoint. They're stopping at checkpoint Charlie again
Here we go every single car and they're checking for passport and ID
Yeah
That's out of control. Yeah, and also you know, they're probably checking to see if any people from Broward are down here
They have it on 27th and out on road and 61st and out on road. They have all the checkpoint. It's a nightmare
Okay, like what are they doing?
Making it safe for us. Oh, yes, of course. I mean, my god forbid I have my car stolen two weeks ago
And now this is what my money my tax money is being bought for checkpoint Charlie even in Nazi Germany never had anything like this
Control. All right. Good luck to pal. I'm out of here. Okay
So we got two open lines in date
We gave away all our 10 pair of hockey tickets now. We can feel like all this bull crap is over
But I do want to ask that question to my who's gonna tell me the answer
Because that's obviously right away. We wanted to find out you know the answer to the question
Are we getting it or not which we are?
Thank god, but what about the site selection isn't that where they were supposed to pick that out today?
Is it going to be the soil grass? Is it going to be God from midbroward 95?
Which we'll take it if that's the best we can get or is it going to be up in pop it oh park which I seriously doubt
Ted smell I seriously doubt it
Here's Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Got a great
Hallumdale story for you. Okay. I get a new a elevator to go visit my grandmother. She lives on a 20s first floor guys
Two guys in front of me they they're in the elevator with me
They hit 17 and then what I got to go 17 floors with these guys
One said to the other I need to get my clay pot moved off my terrace and the other guy says
Well, aren't you asked Ryan to do it? He says is Ryan the white guy is either black guy. He said he's the black guy
He says well don't ask him to do it because he's lazy
Yeah
And that's the story
Well, it's indicative of how the
The old Jewish people were using a stereotype and I'm Jewish so I just thought that
Me being Jewish was ridiculous in stereotype in black guy who the black guy was Jewish
I'm Jewish yeah, and the black guy was Jewish ask Sammy Davis to do it. Okay. He'll do it. What the hell's he talking about
He had thought he said he had a great story. Well, maybe he's saving a great story for the next time when we still have some tickets left
Thanks a lot pal. You're okay
Here's a Hollywood on a purple line is good. Well, I don't I don't understand what's going on here purple line
Just opened up mobile one somewhere. How was I? I'm in a state of euphoria plus it must be too many of these
Whitehods
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir Neil. How you doing? Okay? I haven't seen you in a while
Last time I was having breakfast courtesy of Rick and suds and you walked in in the bouquet of the studio
You didn't about face immediately. Yeah, you call that day. No
Okay, I called I just walked in I heard about the tickets, but I see they're gone
But I want to let you know something anyway. I've tried to call on a couple occasions they have this
um
Magazine type thing put out by the greater Miami
Culture events the affairs council. Uh-huh, and they get all the like the marlin's games in here and the heat games
Never mentioned of any Panther game. Yeah, of course not because they're about your anti-Semites
They want the hockey team out of here. How do you like that?
Just like the hero you're not full of us over there
That's why you give us crappy coverage because you don't like hockey. You don't like the Panthers
And if they don't like something man, they want it out if it's not part of their little
Their little empire. They want to get rid of it
Huh incredible. How do you like that? Well, we got a real surprise for them
I'll wait and see it. Okay. Take care. Good luck to you pal. You'll need it
So we got an open line indeed 751 W I O D on a great day here in the history of South Florida
Marketown on your calendar April 2
1996 it's the day after April fool, but we're not fooling okay
So now it's gonna be real interesting to see if Mickey's gonna go it alone over there
Over there by the port of Miami with their billion dollar boom doglet
They're gonna build and they'll probably stick to goddamn metro mover right out there to drop you in the middle of the guy damn bay
How does that sound huh?
You just slide off the end of the metro mover and they'll drop you right off of there and you can swim your way into the arena
That sounds good to me
Because quite frankly, I think you're drowning over there Mickey
I think that you've really cut off more than you can chew maybe daddy's got more money than Wayne
But when it comes to a battle of egos you're not even in the ballgame. Okay, Mickey you hot shot dot the eye
Mr. Hot shot he was gonna show everybody
He was gonna pull off this cute little trick of his he was gonna chase everybody outside of town
So we can have the whole ball game to himself
You can take your goddamn basketball and pat Riley and your heat and all gods a mishpacha and stick them all inside your
Bracum and keep them there. How do you like that?
And Linda Blirris is high by the way. Yeah, that's right
147 at W.I.O.D
George
And entertainment radio
610 W.I.O.D
It's a party out there
Moils in the hockey night in Canada on TV
What you buy moils and exports
Excess it all
By board of Canada where quality is job one
Here's working by imperial oil and desu associates proud to be one of the leading sponsors of you talking in Canada
And by Pepsi gotta have it
Yes
Yes
So anyway 151 at W.I.O.D
We can put this all aside now we can come back to a little bit of normalcy
We can relax take a deep breath and just move on to our next major crisis
Here's a mobile at derail hello
Hello, Neil. Yes
It's a beautiful day. Yes, it is. The sunny shining somewhere. I mean if this is wonderful. I mean finally that I show that
Herald people
I mean, you know it was close. I thought it wasn't gonna go through
But I had my serious doubts. I mean, you know, you raved doubts. I mean
So now it looks like they're gonna have to stuff it down here in Miami. Yeah, let them stuff it
Well, you know, I mean, it's gonna be kind of hard to swing by people with just 220 million dollars they want
Well, it started out 165 now. It's I think up to about 300 million by today
Just keep the numbers keep changing every day. I really doubt they're gonna do that. Uh-huh
So I guess they'll be playing in the up and um, rowart's good. Well, won't they if they let them in?
Uh
Oh for a fee if they let them in and of course if they do let them in now they're gonna be like the secondary tenant and they're gonna be sucking wind
Again, isn't that a bad break for them big deal. Yeah
You know pat which you have to get used to rowart. That's all yeah pataldists have to get a different hairdo
Yeah, and in closing Neil. Yes, sir. Wait. I've saying that
Your meal
There you go
See where kissing is asked today. We finally realized, you know everybody kissed and made up
He treated us pretty crappy there for while he said some bad things he did some bad things
He quite frankly was an asshole for a while and he finally said you know something
I want to show everybody. I'm not always an asshole and he said let me show you how much I'm sincere about this
And I'm gonna do something and he did it. Okay, and we're saying all right. Just don't do it again
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey Neil how you doing great
I just wanted to call and tell you I've saw you at the game last night good game, huh? There was okay
It was okay. It was great. It was fair. Good. Well secondary. It was great. Huh?
Yeah, it was a little scary in the beginning. It was a little scary. Yeah
Just wanted you to know that I'm from out of town and I think that you're really sharp and bit witty and every time I'm here
I listen to you where you from from South Carolina South Carolina
South Carolina
But I think that you're the king you are God. I am I'm a whole royal family
The king the queen the prince and the princess and that too
And that too right yeah, I said that too
Yeah, not too and that too
And three and four and the king I'm inspired right fear the only thing we have to fear
Yeah, it's Mickey Erison right
Okay
No, I sure don't
Sorry, I bet they'll have me the boxer or if it's though I bet you they will okay
Well, Neil you are the king thanks sweetheart. God. I'll see you there. You take care. Bye. Bye. Y'all come back
Ah
Wow what a day huh now that I got some sustenance in me here. Thanks. Thanks Wayne Arnold
Thanks to Wayne Heisenga and thanks to Wayne Arnold okay and thanks to Wayne the board op
And thanks to Wayne Newton
That's right even him
Anybody named Wayne even if you're a piece of crap even if you're a major scumbag anybody named Wayne
We give you special dispensation today
That's for every Wayne because the Wayne in Spain
Here's the mobile in Hollywood. Hello. How are you today, buddy? Fantastic. Yeah, there's never ever a chance that two arenas are gonna make it
It's lucky to take a hit fill one arena right now. There's no possible way in the world
That this town can afford two arena. Yeah, what is your feedback on that mr. Rogers?
My feedback is I don't think there's gonna be two arenas is gonna be one in Broward
Oh, definitely. I don't think the data arena is ever gonna be built
That's what I've been saying for like three days now
I know that and another thing is I'm so happy. I'm every night
I have to drive through howl mill to get the Hollywood and the Canadians are history. They're gone
Thank God that's all I could say
meal
Yeah, God
Okay, I have no idea what it was but it was moving and it was moving north real fast
Okay, hopefully it was about your frogs old ones if you ever noticed how all the your frogs that come down here
They're all real old
They're all older than death. Don't they understand we got enough old people here already
We don't need a new shipment every fall. Okay, every winter. We don't need a new shipment of death of the king rotting bodies
We got plenty of our own already. Thank you send some living and breathing young people. They may be okay
Okay, so we find out who that was in the row or not yet probably related to somebody here and I better shut up
Here's Orlando. Hello. Hi, Neil. You're a happy camper. Yes, sir
You can make some extra money with parking now too
Yeah, right. That's right good idea anyway
Why would the heat not want to play in broder?
Don't you understand
Mickey Erison's whole thing is down there at the port of Miami. I don't want to go back through the whole thing again
Okay, his whole deal is at the port of Miami
Well, there'll be knocking on the broder arena pretty soon. Well the door. It's too late. I think door shut
Out to lunch a minute ago when you were playing that bit with all the Jewish people and you said something about Harry
Carrie well is probably an hour ago. Yeah
Did you know Harry Carrie's grandson was the commentator for the magic
Yes chip yeah, what why did you say it like nobody knows who chip carriers? I didn't know if he happens to be a very handsome young man
Yes, he does pretty good job in the games. Yeah, and his son his son and his father is a skip carry with the braves
Right. Yeah, and his father's Harry Carrie with the cubs and his father's dead. Well, obviously you know right
Well, Neil you had a great show and I listened to you all last week on vacation and it was really good
That's great. They hear a bird go back where you belong. Well, that's the way it goes. Have a great day pal
Thanks. Good idea. You're killing me. Oh god. What's he boring? Here's four lot of nails gone. What do we got here? Who's this? Hello? Hey, Neil
How you doing?
That's your dish friend over in plantation. Yes, sir
Lesson I want to absolutely congratulate you got it done man. I got it done. That's right
Push comes this job give me all a credit. I'm the one I got it done
You got it? It wasn't for my enthusiasm for my tenacity and perspicacity and perseverance
This thing never would have gotten done
We have a little credit to Wayne a little bit to a Gary Batman. Yes
A little bit to the commissioners, but generally speaking it was me that put it over the top that is right
You did it you said see go thing. We are on the one that made hockey the important thing
I made it the center the focal the centerpiece of so many lives in his town
I'm the one that gets the credit you down the Neil Downs Arena and you did a great job right compliment
Goodbye see you okay
157 at W.I.O.D.
Let's do a antenna. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to say congratulations. Mickey Harrison on your new dry dock boat on the arena. Right
Hope you know what I mean. Hope it don't sink. It's gonna be a storm boats in a few years. Uh-huh
Stick it up your ass. Right
Okay, now they're Mickey Harrison fan right there for you
So all the more reason to stick it to the Harold baby just tell him hey
Guess what you didn't pull the wall over our eyes especially those of us who live in Broward
And you can take your paper and shove it to are they voting on the site selection also today?
Do we know though they are not when are they gonna do that? Uh, I don't know
But a portion of that article you were talking about this morning the sunset in the dark. Yeah
Was inaccurate. Oh, that's a first for them. Yeah
And and we were right this morning. See we were right. How do you like that? John Rodstrom God
That's all I can say we were right and the Sun Sentinel as usual a day late in the dollar short
Trying to accentuate the negative because they live in the shadow of the Miami Herald and there are a bunch of pussies
That's right the Sun Sentinel don't have the balls maybe once in a while Dave Hyder some of the individual columnists have got the balls
To go up there and write a real column and say something
But generally speaking the editorial board of the Sums Scom Sentinel are a bunch of pussies and they were intimidated by the Mickey
Erison's of this world and by the goddamn Miami Herald and Nightrider
And that's why they had that stupid and sipping sucking call
editorial this morning about well leave the door open for the heat and don't lock them out
No, you know all this other crap
If they're there fine if they're not there who gives a crap, okay
Because the bottom line is that Mickey Erison lied he tried to stick it to us
He tried to play a little nasty hostile vicious game with his selfish selfish most the disgusting goddamn attitude
See when you're born into all that money when daddy's got the billions with a bee in the sides
I'm going to Israel to become a professional Jew I'm gonna have all the goddamn money here
I'm gonna show everybody what I'm made of okay. We saw it. We can smell it
We know what you're made of Mickey. We can smell it right over here, baby. There it is
So pilot deep keep giving that shovel going in fact he's he's building a new arena right now
And the site selection for the Broward arena is April 9th April 9th for the Broward arena site selection
Thank you so much
Which sounds like a week from the day we can pee in our pants and have another party again next Tuesday
A CD ROM of every fat word covered with a TV test pattern mornings with rickinson
Miami Fort Lauderdale news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Good afternoon at two o'clock on Jennifer Ramwitz
610 W I O D news brought to you by AT&T wireless
After hours of pucking around good news for Broward hockey fans
W I O D's Brook Alvin brings us a live report from the Broward Commission
Where a vote on the proposed arena has just wrapped up brook
Before within the past hour the county commission voted five to two to approve a binding letter of intent to build a new arena for the Florida Panthers
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman is pleased with the vote saying the Miami arena was just a temporary place to play
