So we thank you for the cave by the way and back at you.
But this is, you know, they've done their very best, they've done their damnedest to kind of like sort through and see they could pick and choose and make sure that we start with a minimal amount of ability to succeed.
Not that it's important that you do succeed in life but that your friends and former employees fail. Keep that in mind at all times.
I was especially impressed with that that tape of the Aron and Ron replay last night that sold it kind of like that.
It was kind of typical I think as you give you an idea of the kind of technology that we've been saddled with here for the last several years.
But keep in mind of course it's not supposed to be technology. You're supposed to come in and just make miracles man.
Just sit in the chair, dummy up, don't cause any problems, don't make any waves and create a miracle for us please.
Or else. Because it's not a question of if we're going to stab you through the heart, it's just a question of why.
10 30.
Woof at W.M.D. 3.5 hours for this kid till I just fly out that door head on down the street to the doctor to let him take a little just a little bit more blood.
Why don't they leave me alone already with that blood? I don't have that much left just leave me alone with the blood already will you doc go back to Italy.
Here's a mobile in Cutlerage a date county call no less this must be important hello.
Neil yes sir. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing great. So can I hold you for a time call I love your show.
Great. I want to wish you well and you knew studios and my wife hates your show but I love it. I listen every day I work for you.
Let's examine that for just a moment. What's your wife's problem? Is she some kind of a humorless bitch? Is that the problem?
Something like that. Isn't she getting enough from you? Is that the problem? Or maybe she's getting too much from me? That might be the problem based on your life.
Neil or maybe she just getting too much from somebody else. Maybe could be. Yeah. I listen to your show every morning I work for you to the company. Yeah. There's a lot of us out here that listen to your show all the time.
I never listened or watch hockey before. Now I can get enough of it tonight's the big night. I guarantee that Panther Pack is long sold out this morning. I can't even work on that. I'm sure that.
I have a deaf. So I have the sports channel. So I'm okay. Great. You got the sports channel and 33. You can watch it in the stereo tonight, man.
I know. Listen. I wish you well. You know, you're the stuff you say on the air. Not nobody else can say what you say. I love your show.
Nobody's got balls like these. That's what my doctor tells me. Neil, can I get a request? Please anything you like, pal? This is our last day. It's kind of a bittersweet moment in my life.
Can I can you play that Castro song? The Castro song? Yeah, Castro. You ugly bastard. Castro. You ugly miserable.
Comey Pinto. You fag. Is that it? That's it, sir. Okay. Sounds like it. Have a great day. Amigo. Thank you, sir.
I'll stick your meat. And back to you. Say goodbye.
Bastard. Too long you've lasted. The Bay of pigs should have worked.
You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You're a big. You
can kill me dead. dead Dead Dead. Bone Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Dead Now andsna
area nation are you into masturbation FEED that will live the mv. Cuba will become another
the key logo USA USA
That's right Julia
We're turning all the raps and books away
Close it
Castro get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Castro you ugly bastard
How long you last the t-the-day of tigs
So that work
I'm puppy
Peter you make me sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You also got them rich
You am me go son about that
But each baseball we know you like
Are you behind the strike
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
Welfare
Welfare
Welfare
Welfare
Get out now in three on nation
Are you in domestication?
If they will live
The embargo
You'll be coming to the key logo
USA
USA
We're turning all the raps and books away
That's right Julia
Close it
Close it
You're a ghost
Okay 1035 at WID Rick and Suds
From this building
Their last show in his joint this afternoon
And Rick was over there last night
Trying to reinvent the wheel
And do a pretty good job of it too
By the way with our new studio
Our new equipment
Our new massive very complex
And very space age
And very shockingly and astonishingly
I can't even describe it to you
But I'll do my best tomorrow morning though
While we're in there
Pushing around and punching a bunch of buttons
And making all kinds of sounds
And you've never heard sounds like these
I mean anybody can do stuff like that
But wait till you hear this crap
And the sounds too
Here's Pompano on the purple line
Hello
Well I'm in Hollywood now
Here's Hollywood on the purple line
Hello Neil
Here's Miami on the purple line
Boy you're going like a bad out of hell man
Here's Homestead on the purple line
Are we gonna say cottage for this date count?
Oi
Yes, good all, the Yuskidash
Shamei Rabbi
Yeah, yeah
Well listen I gotta tell you Neil
I've tried real hard to list up till now
And try as the key word here
I just can't seem to enjoy listening to Ron and Ron
Oi
Yeah
I just...
What are you trying to say?
Nothing they talk about is relevant to anything
Every commercial is for an area code 813
But don't you call me free
Don't you pray like I do that
January the 1st or 2nd
Whatever day they get down here and start doing their show
From our same studio
That it might be a little bit more oriented
Like the local market here
And steady here and about all those nose pickers over there
I sure hope so and I didn't even know until just now
That they were coming here
How do you like that?
That's with this Ron and Ron
Exactly
Okay
All right so I'll give it another try
I'll listen to I.N.Z only until
You worry then
Now listen I don't know if you have any like goldfish
Or tropical fish
But if one of them starts swimming upside down
We will be having a psychic on the show to help you communicate with them
So you make sure that they're going to be okay
But only if the fish was killed in a car accident last year
Exactly
Right
Oh I have a very tasteless line for that
But I certainly will not use it
Have a great day pal
Oh it would have been so bad
Very bad
I mean as you know
There's nothing funny about somebody's 18 year old daughter
Dying in a...
What what what am I missing?
Line one
Oh my
God
I knew that this was going to be a special day you know what
Somewhere in my balls there was a twitch
And somewhere there's also a twitch saying
Isn't it going to be great that we get rid of this DCS
Even though you have this uh you'd like to use it as a crutch
One thing about this building
Takes forever
To get that taste and smell
How do your system
Henry Barrow
Another gentleman who's on our long list of former Cox grouis
How you doing Henry?
Good I just wanted to wish your luck as you head to a
Real studio
Right all I can say is
Oh right
I can remember when that room that you're in was the main AM studio in that building
Back in about 64
The main AM studio
Yes
And what is it now?
Now I mean for the disc jockeys
There was a big console and they played all their records in that room you're in and the whole
Well I see what you're saying it had the turntables in all that crap
Right
That's what it was you know
Do you remember when I came here because I remember like it was a 20 40 year or 50 years ago
Uh
That was like the inauguration of this studio was just prior to that
Steve King was doing a show in here and I think Steve Conway my good friend from the hockey game Steve Conway
The teenage sound and financial guy was doing a show in here right and they had just inaugurated this thing
Yeah, they just started putting the schmutz on the ceiling that's correct right and the dude's booth was to your right
Right
An open window there where they did the news right and uh yeah and then behind that was the news right
So that's right
Boy if you got a good memory for an old fart
Got I spent
Have with it at the time I left there I had spent more than half my life in that building isn't that something and I love the way
They did it too. I love that
Hey Henry would you like to drive the overnight news van from two to five in the morning in the middle of liberty city and overtown
Come on and really like that have been done
Yeah like Jerry Sullivan. Yes, we remember Jerry Sullivan the former program director
He's saying Jerry we got bad news and good news the bad news is you no longer PD the good news is you've been promoted to drive the overnight
News van from two to five in the morning and
Used to have to use Jerry in my early morning newscast from various locations all of which happened to be parked by the sea wall
Ha ha ha ha ha right but but he would he would say he was from all kinds of places
But he was actually parked out by the sea wall. So how many you used did you a toilet this joint?
29 29 years
You know between you and Ranieri and Steve Ziegler that's more than most people are gonna make it
Right absolutely and and not to mention Phil costano. I think he's got you all be didn't he? Yeah, Phil was there before me
God
He's working on his
W.I.D. Encyclopedia because he said there was too much for just one book. Oh, yeah, he said the Larry King stuff will fill at least three volumes
That's you can include including the mug shots Larry was there
His studios were over in the surfside six houseboat. Yeah at first and then they told me 50 dollars
They moved it back into the building now was this this famous studio where Larry put on the put on the LP
And went out to get laid he got a call from somebody on the beach and he went out to get laid me beach now that was when he was over at the cat
Oh, that was on the at the cat. Yeah, so that was on Alton Road. I mean on Bay Road right oh my god another building
I've been and so I Larry King's been in all these places before me. No wonder we're getting we're catching it
Unbelievable. So how you guys do it over there on waxy 790 we're doing fine. We just got back from doing a week of broadcasts up at Disney World
Yeah, and how to ball up there. They had you old farts up there at Disney World. Oh, we go about twice a year. All right
And we we had a great time while say hi to Mike and Roger and all our good friends and congratulations on being survivors and Ron too
And Ron Harrison of course. How could we leave you how could we forget him no matter how hard we try
Well, we all listen to you. I know that
We hear your messages. Thanks wait a minute. Thanks Ray. Here's Ray from the diner
We just brought me my last supper. Thank you Ray. You're a great guy
And we appreciate all the free food and your food is sensational. We hope you're not come dead. Okay. We hope you show that sunny a thing or two
Okay, thank you you know, you don't know Ray
No, I don't remember sonny's diner
Um, speaking of sunny by the way. Yeah, uh, I understand that mr. Fox is in the midst of a bidding war two stations in Atlanta want him badly
Really? Yes. Oh my god. So which one's gonna throw into biggest bottle?
I think that's the operative question. Well, that's good. I'm glad to see sonny's gonna come down on his feet
That'll be a first he's out in Vegas relaxing right? Is he really? Yes
Now I was just gonna say oh now let's see that was the Taddle House originally. Oh, yeah, remember the Taddle House
Absolutely the Taddle House would you and I must be the only two people in town?
I remember that was that was with the best cheeseburgers in the world
They had those big juicy greasy cheeseburgers up there
And that was a great place then of course sonny's market and sonny went belly up so to speak and in
Stand Stage Delhi, which didn't make it now. We got a guy named Ray in here who just walked out of here with a smile
He's doing pretty good. That's good to hear. Thank God for him. Yeah, we had we had the bonfire across the street from as radio winters
bonfire right at Dean Martins place on the causeway. Yeah, and Jillies was over there
Had a bunch of places juniors up the street
One of the great stories you one of the great stories happened at the bonfire
We had to entertain Colonel John Shorty powers
one time whether you the voice of Mercury and Gemini right and
So Shorty who was even shorter than me considered himself quite a ladies man
And at the bonfire he was standing the party. So this beautiful blonde lady
And he walked up to her and he said hi. I'm Colonel John Shorty powers and she said hi 50 bucks
Beautiful what a typical story in his neighborhood. Yes Henry hanging here have a great life
And one of these days you might just to drop by and see your real studio. George has invited me to see that
He tells me it's state of the art all digital. I'll come by and say hello
We'd love to have you because all the cops people are banned
Take care Henry. Bye. See you Henry Barrow one of those great Americans. Hey, look for me. Sonny Urge on W. I.N. Z. That's all I get is 1040
So I guess this screws up my doctor deal now, you know, I never thought about that. I was gonna be not eating today George
What is it? I can't go over there because I'm a not in a non fasting mode
So I have to come down here like through the your Friday afternoon after the show
Hey, you know if my doctor's listening I know that it's out of the way for me
But for you I'll come all the way down, okay?
Thursday or Friday afternoon in a fasting mode
I'm not gonna go have no blood test with the eating all this food that he just brought in here
Although it is all atkins. Okay, I'm not gonna do that because I like to get the edge 1043 at W. I.O.D
Talking entertainment radio
610 W. I.O.D
I've been a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now
Oh
Friend Ben crawls me up here in here after yeah, just sitting back drinking some juice some juices or it's juice
You know, I've been dead a long time. I'm looking forward to seeing my old friend mob hope up here soon
Oh, he'd love it. They have golf up here in the great beyond, you know and all the crispest is a wide. Oh
Hey, it's mold friends. Samadavis, Julia. Hey, Samadavis
Well, oh, well you look at the time. You know most of my kids committed suicide because they said I wasn't abusive father
Well, I'm glad they're all up here now because it's weapon time
Yet, my belt. Oh, would you like to swing on a star?
Be your kids heads with the crowbar. Oh, oh, gotta go got a tea time in 20 minutes
Oh
There's Terry Griffin sitting in there Terry is a suicidal. We're gonna miss you Terry. We love you. You're great
And she's got a sour look on her push because she stuck with that idiot Johnny Dolan over there
Oh my god, a fate worse than death. I wonder she's suicidal. Well, he won't be there long
Who else in the building? I see a Rodney stuck his head in there last week
He thought we were leaving on Friday and said goodbye and gave me that Brian Cox salute
And I said back at you smart ass
So anyway speaking of Rodney a prime time life tonight on ABC
Is gonna have Mark Furman on there just a joke Rodney and Diane Sawyer is gonna say to him with a straight
push because I saw the promo
Why did you say that word
That word
Nigger. I mean, why did you say that?
I mean talk about juvenile, you know talk about ridiculous
It just goes to Shoei. It's like the Alamar spitting incident people are such hypocrites and so full of crap with all of this public
indignation
This fiend indignation because this guy this cop said the N word
Oh my god, it's okay if he called you know some faggot a faggot or some Julio a spick or some uh
uh, whatever
But the N word why did you ever why did you even think about saying that word?
I wonder how many times Diane Sawyer has said nigger
Huh, why don't we turn the tables around on Diane even though the show's on tape
Let's turn it around and find out from Diane Sawyer. How many times she said it huh
That lily white bitch
Let's find out
So who else are we gonna? I don't want to miss anybody. I don't want to you know miss any stones here in the building anybody else
Want to thank Leah down into counting. She's been a sweetheart. She's great
She's had that check in spite of being brow beaten by George and badgered and hating us like poison for a George
Is constant getting on the inner common on the uh whatever it is
Where's Niels check? Where's that check? She's getting real sick and tired of that
She's probably delighted that we're not gonna be here anymore, but thank you so much Leah you're okay in our book who else
We already wish Gary bills the best all may oh my god see what I mean mable
Right up front our receptionist mable we've had a long grief from this we have had a long long line of
Receptionist in this joints in the eight years that I've been here
most of them
Marginal at best. I'm being very kind now marginal at best some of them useless at best and
Mable is great. She's a sweetheart. She takes lots of crap on that phone up there
Which she doesn't deserve she just takes it with a smile on her purse never loses her cool
Just continues to maintain her equilibrium somehow amidst the sea of mung she just remains a rational saying wonderful person
We're gonna miss you too, mable
So that's Terry and mable
And Leah anybody else are we li our friends at the coast we already said goodbye to them in goodrins
I mean when he bent it we're gonna miss Wendy a lot we love those nasty drawings and pictures. She makes of Johnny Dolan
We're sure gonna miss Johnny dark because Johnny is a hell of a Johnny can eat a meal man
It's one thing he can do is eat a meal and stick out that pupica his man
There ain't nobody even Santa Claus can't stick out a pupic like Johnny dork not to mention of course those shirts
That's the one thing that keeps me looking like a fashion plate around here is Johnny dark
Make no mistake about that see it do dies Johnny or is he playing for the dolphins now
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to give you a fill spy report. Yes
Phil had his first show last night. Yeah, the internet is buzzing. Yeah, it means that Shaq was on his show
Yeah, and uh, so yeah, but let me say something for let me say something. Yeah
Yeah, and so it's the program manager who said that mr. KFI who Phil replaced was cheating on his wife
And people are filing lawsuits against Phil even as we so in other words, he's only been on one night
He's already got lawsuits going out there nice god Phil. All right
The internet humming great. So if I could have a shameless request could we hear a parliament light
Parliament light. Yeah, you know convenience store. I know what that is. What does that have to do with
You know, I kind of lost you somewhere. Well, that's right. We can't play that because it's over in the other building. Oh, okay
So if you want to Marlborough's or something we might be able to help you out but no parliament light no parliament light maybe tomorrow pal
Okay, and have a great light. Right. Bye. I kind of lost him somewhere there
But right after we said does something about Phil Henry and lawsuit
Yeah, we sure miss Phil Henry already, but you know, this Rick and suds are getting a tremendous welcoming there in the afternoon
I don't want to mention that some friends of mine are turning over to Hank now, but
Because I don't want to get Rick up said he takes all these things very personally in spite of his feverish denials
We know that he takes it personal just business and he's taking it personal
We do have an open line and date one and brown and one and a green line
I'm not going to dignify you by giving out these numbers today because this is my last show and we'll be using these numbers tomorrow
We've got all brand new numbers and I don't know about you, but I'm always very enthused about having a great new number
myself
Tomorrow we got all new numbers. We get a whole new studio. We get a new outlook on life. Tomorrow's like the official the official separation
We finally slice away that umbilical cord
Oh, and you know who's going to be very upset and did we mention Cheryl
Jesus how the hell could we leave Cheryl out?
Oh later. Okay. We'll mention Cheryl later George said
After the coast is clear
Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Neil God. That's me. Uh, you got him
I just want to say something real quick. You're with him. It's all the uh, it's all listeners. Yeah, please if you can't speak English
Don't do it. Yeah, just don't call like I can't take these people calling them trying
I can't barely understand what they're saying. I know you can't really understand what they're saying sometimes that's better though
Yeah, right, but uh, it's just please don't do it
That's all I have to say anyone who can't speak English out there don't even bother. How about we put them out of banana boat
Please do put them on a banana boat and I'm
Say you even if they came from Cuba and I'm a
Okay, just please don't do it. Okay pal. Thanks. I was okay. See you at the a big roundtable this weekend
We have an open line and day seven five once Ophil Henry's already creating all kinds of chaos out there on his first night at KFI
Which he just started I believe last night from night to midnight western a pacific time
And already they got a lot of very unhappy campers out there and that's great
Keep them busy keep those bastards busy out there and see if the Cox people can really stand the heat
Okay, that's what I have my dad. That's why we got the heat on iod now
Now that Paxton bought the heat because the Paxton people they can take the heat
The Cox people they put on a good act and by the way, no, don't forget don't say anything bad about the Cox people because we have that commonality of interest
Yeah, that's right
That's right my attorney had a call from their attorney. You know what I'm talking about like in Washington, Dallona's like Michael Hayes
The Cox attorney who represents the Cox
And said you know because there's that boy Geary thing is still floating around that law suit and then that Larry justice thing
Which even though I'm not a part of of of course that's floating around
And so we have a commonality of interests
Ha ha
Now naturally not being having a death wish
I'm not going to say anything that's going in anyway possibly
Interfer with either one of those pieces of litigation in any way shape or form what would be the point
Or the brine Cox litigation even though I'm not involved in that anyway shape or foam
But other than that the idea that I'm going to say nice things about the Cox people
I think is really stretching the point. I think it's really ludicrous and very juvenile and unrealistic
Let's get into the real world Michael. Okay. Let's take a look at what it's all about because you'll also be on the list Michael Hayes
I mean, it's just it's not a question of if it's just a question of when
So hang on to that Vaseline jar very very very tightly don't ever drop it
10 55 at W. I. D one hour down three to go
As the realization begins crystallizing in that little part of my brain that's still functioning
That we're going to be mosing out of here in just three hours
Never to return
Never ever to return. Sorry Terry. Why didn't come see us?
That'll be a much more pleasant environment see the people over there all happen to be real nice
And they don't hold any grudges
yet
But yeah, it'll be great
And then of course you can see what a real radio station looks like. I know I just discovered it in the last couple of days
A real radio station with real equipment and real engineers and real oh man
I mean, you know what somebody when the outsider comes in here and takes a look at this place
Oh boy, look at this. It's pretty good. It's not the worst certainly
But it just could have used a little updating a little maintenance a little a little something to work with the last two three years
That we run out of time in the DCS that we have like been doing shows out of a box out of a bag out of a sack out of a broom closet out of a cabinet
Hey, now can you place out? Yeah, okay, wait a minute. Let me look through these 600 discs over here on the floor now
They're not over there. Let me look through this crap on a ceiling. No, that's just among in the vents. Let me look. Yeah
So there really hasn't been the desire because we're a pain in the ass and of course we do take people for these long nasty rides
Up and down the old roller coaster of life
And as a result of that we don't want to spend any extra money because we can't make any money
We want to make the money. We want to make the big bucks like at WSU in Tampa
Which is now simul casting FM slush music all day after running rongo off in Tampa
Which I think I think that epitomizes what this company is all about. I wish them the best of luck. I really do
1050 did that sounds sincere what 1056 a WI would do
Talk in entertainment radio
610 WI O D Miami Fort Lauderdale
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
It's new from these discount productions yes potential car thieves be on notice you will now be thrown back from any car
You try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new macarena alarm
Yes of macarena alarm get yours today
1101 at WI O D happy Tuesday to you it is Tuesday and it kind of lose track after you get involved in like all this other stuff
That's going on we've got this momentous task of transferring like 70,000 carts and crap and stuff
But it's kind of like a project. You know, it's kind of like a do-it-yourself project
Thanks to all the packs and people again by the way you guys are great
Man are they great and oh and if it weren't for them trust me none of this would be getting done because
Well, we'll get into that tomorrow maybe
We have two open lines and date and two and brown. How do you like that? I'm not giving the numbers out
I already told you that you know the numbers
It's your last day for those numbers
It's your last day for this building three hours to go and it doesn't really have any impact because one thing about this town
No matter where you're broadcasting from no matter from when you're emitting the sounds the audience they continue to be
actively indifferent that's what 20 years
And it's been no different. I mean the people have come and gone. They've croaked. They've been born
They've moved out. They've come back. They've gotten off their banana boat
Whatever it is, but the one consistent thing here is the phenomenal active epithy the people who work 24 hours a day
Even while they're sleeping to be indifferent toward human suffering toward need toward anything. I congratulate you on that
Here sunrise on a purple line. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
calling you on the last day here. Wish you luck. Thank you so much
You're you're you're out to work is gonna change now. Yes, it is
For better or for worse you get to drive by 95 now, huh? Yeah, but not very far now very very closer. I'll say a prayer for you
Say a brah. Okay, pal
One more thing. Yes, sir
No, no hype for the Buffalo build this week. I started kind of quiet this week. Well, why not
We're getting rid of all the malcontents now all the people that didn't do the job
We're gonna have a lot of kids out there that they'll play with enthusiasm
The people who are gonna be realistic dolphin fans are gonna
Understand the what I said at the beginning of the year eight and eight a nice five hundred six, huh?
That's fair. Yeah, that would be good
And let's stop all the belly aching and all the crying and of course Danny with the injury
I mean with all the odds against this eight and eight would be fine if we can sneak into the playoffs
That would be spectacular
But let's give this guy a chance and I think it's great that he's getting rid of all the dead weight right right
Um
What about you gonna start tomorrow at the new studios do you expect glitches or smooth sailing?
Uh both
It's gonna be fun to hear it. It's gonna be great. Wait till you're all the crap we're gonna have in there
That's gonna be great. Okay pal. Good luck to us
We have an open line on the purple line at you know the number now. I'm not giving out any more numbers
I remember that period of time couple of years ago 57 consecutive days breaking Joe Dimasio's record
Never giving out a phone number having every line in this board lit solid having an audience that was active and involved
Even if they had nothing to contribute nothing to say just that wanted to be a part of the passing scene
Now the way this community has changed so much. I mean, oh there he goes again
That's right that bitch that called yesterday. I know you're out there today sweetheart
You're not fooling me
The one that never listens anymore
But took time from her very very busy life and day to call me to give me a song and a dance about what a bastard
I am and about how all I do is complain about what a toilet this town is
I just make these things up sweet hard to be a bastard. That's all. I just make them up as I go along
It's paradise here. There's nobody getting killed. There's nobody getting shot
There's no problem with a lot of dumb people running around out there. There's no driving problem. There's no problem. There's no
Political corruption here. It's just something that Neil gets on here and makes up to get a lot of people stirred up
I just made it up bitch a sweetheart
Boy, what I like to hear from her again because you know she's listening now that she's been made a celebrity
That's what they all want they want to be celebrities and no matter how vulgar no matter how disgusting
How grotesque your response is to them it makes no difference because once you recognize them once you put a
Lay a stamp of approval on their forehead that at least they exist as a human being if even if a putrid human being
Then all of a sudden they're validated their life has significance
Here's a Hollywood hello
Good morning Neil. When is Diaz happy last day to you. Thank you so much and in the spirit of bud pack two hours and 55 minutes
But who's counting yeah exactly who's counting the second?
I think tomorrow in honor of bud packs and you will Christian the new building yeah as it were and I'm telling you
We're gonna baptize it sunny fox is coming by with a few bottles. Yeah, there's a certain motif running through the new
What it's called the new regime?
Lot of material from this morning's Ron and Ron and that was a pathetic call that was so you did you notice that even
Ron Diaz seemed to be like like taking it back right because on the one hand
He's got to assume the guy's telling the truth that the story about his daughter getting killed in the car crash
Is true and on the other hand here's this pathetic guy calling in who wants to make sure that she's okay
By talking to a psychic on a radio I actually turned it off at that point because his voice did sound true
And yeah something that I don't need in my morning right. I mean no wonder Dion warwick's rick it in the cash
Yeah, I'm good. I've a listen to it. Can I have a little godfather music, please?
Well, you know, it's interesting that we're actually able to find a few things in here
I like that
Okay, yesterday just to while away some hours. I watch it for the 10th or 11th time
Magnificent godfather one. Hey yo, you got it three and a half hours work all right
Fantastic and I did get a new line that I haven't heard before and I don't think you have it on a cart
When Frado is going to Vegas. Yeah, I'm going to learn about the casino business pop. I love it. I love yeah
I don't forget to pop pieces. I'm going to learn about the casino business pop
One of the other great scenes with Frado is where after a Marlon Brando gets shot
And he's sitting on the curb. Oh, he's got his head in his hands and he's rocking back again
And even can't even hold the gun can't even cry for help. That's right
He picks up the gun. He's like his hand is shaking and it just kind of like dribbles off like a
A rotten apple core. Yeah, fantastic movie for those listeners that haven't taken the time
It's one of the greatest movies ever. I keep trying to tell people if they haven't seen godfather released one
They they're not even alive. They don't know it, but they're not living yet
But we know three is trash. What do you think about it? I don't agree
Don't agree. Well, I'm just saying some of the acting some of the acting is trash
But it's interesting the timing of it too because now that this Pope seems to be right on the edge of existence
And we're going to be seeing the smoke going up. They're going to be blowing a lot of smoke in the Vatican again
Just you're right Michael Corleone is the same throughout the movies
But the copula daughter I start for me to yeah, stay in the room when she's on the guy
She's she's enough to make you lose your any pasta
So you're your community seems it's going to just uh
Going half. I'm going to tell you something my trip home each afternoon is going to be 18 minutes instead of 40
My trip in is going to be probably 20 25 minutes instead of 50 55 or 60 and you won't need your liquid bullet
And I won't need my liquid bullet and I won't be driving into date county and I won't have to wait my way through the banana boat people and
Life is almost worth living all right. It's time for me to sign off. I'd like to call my business partner bread angle hard a major league
And it's always deal yet a goddamn grip on yourself. I'll read with her
Come here
Call with the broad
See I'm the one that doesn't say it. Okay, we got that. I don't say it
Got it
Damn it
Because I um, you know, I can use the cash
Right that's right Julio
You
See little did you know that I find some useful carts on the floor on the walls in the Uranus all over the place here
Some pretty uh not really interesting, but useful as in time killers look at that it's the 1109 already damn
Oh, that was good. That's a new one anyway got a new line today. Hey, boy. You're working on it
We have an open line in a brawler at 5249 463524 wiod that's very good
He's expanding his vocabulary. He's probably uh got the message already for what we're gonna be writing back to management on the marquee
As we wind our way out of this building also by the way owned by Paxon enterprises
I just thought I would mention that least for a dollar for one year by the Cox people, but still owned by the Paxon people
So don't be pushing us around
Here is a lot of deal by the sea. Hello
Neil just
I'll just want to wish you a via
Oh
Can barely hear you sound like this could be the last call well
Thank you so much
As you say
Exactly and um even sunny got tired of driving over that causeway
And yeah, I remember the first time I went down to the station to pick up a CD yeah, and I was driving down 79th street
And beginning to wonder where I was going
Ha ha ha ha
Uh, it looked like um it looked like the aftermath of Andrew except Andrew had been years ago
Yeah, see that's one thing if you're if you're not religious, which of course I'm not and you have doubts about heaven and hell
At least the hell part when you drive down 79th street from i95 when you come east you know definitely there's a very distinct possibility
It was a frightening thing uh-huh
But uh in honor of uh you leave and neighborhood I was wondering if uh you could pray the uh macarena down the rea song
macarena gonorrhea
Which happens to be on a disc that as we speak is sitting over in the other building
Oh, so tomorrow I'll work on it for you how's that
Uh thank you
Neel and uh enjoy your premises and I hope that your first friend and brother is a nice girl friend
Uh, don't hold don't hold your breath have a great day pal. Thank you so much
Well, this will have to do you from these discount productions yes potential car thieves be on notice
You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new
Macarena
Yes, but macarena alarm get yours today
Okay, it's 11 after 11 at w.w.w. I would be we have an open line a day then one on the green line
I just mentioned that you certainly do know the numbers by now after the 70 rated years that I've been sitting here pumping and pumping and pumping and pumping them in the numbers as well
Here's a top 10 list. That's really pretty good about uh wide date is better than brown. However
I don't do top 10 lists
Here's a Jupiter hello. Meal. Yes, sir morning. So where you ahead are up here. What is it the range of hater? Yeah?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, did you watch the game us happen to double-zund these flyers?
I saw parts of that in fact I saw let's see what did I see I saw a little bit of that in the third period
Yes, I saw that bullet shot that brooder missed that I guess the defenseman might have gotten this stick on
Rearboard I'm what I'm talking about a stand fish. Did you hear that rumor? No, I did not he says that I watch stand fishler
Well, he said that if primo and coffee goes to the whales that they're going to turn around and send primo and cron to the ranges for covewett
Yeah, I think that's a good trade for hospice
Hardford does got a death wish the only problem with heartford is that nobody wants to play there
I know but uh, I mean, where's what's the crazy to give a primo and well first of all just because stand fishlers said it doesn't make it so
Yeah, true
Now if we could just trade one of our running backs to heartford
And no seriously listen to me if we could trade one of the dolphin running backs to heartford and they do get Paul
They could have coffee and kareem
There you go well that might change their complexion as long as the ranges don't get shanahana per primo
Well, I'll tell you one thing you better go tell lucrobatized wife to watch it
You can't have her well, I'm just giving it a little word of warning. I hate you a little caution little yellow light there for the ranger wives
How are we better win tonight? We're gonna kick their ass pal. I hope I hope messier don't play you
I don't know I haven't heard but I you know one of the interesting things that's going on now and now that we're like at a total state of disarray
I don't really know if we have the capacity to find anything out that's going on in the world
I mean no one is sitting in there and there were you know pretending to give you a little news once in a while
But as far as the messier situation if anything happens I'm positive. I'll be getting a phone call right great
But I'll tell you he won't be suspended because you have a show on doesn't do that to mess
I don't think so and you know something I'd write I don't want to give them any excuse
So let's watch him play and we'll still kick the rest that's good. All right, you know, okay me go take care
See you we have an open line like I said
There's no point in talking about tickets because the game is sold out
They do watch it in your seat by seven ten the night for all the pregame festivities including of course
The most important festivity at duena tonight the raising of the eastern conference championship banner and national hockey league for last season
But I wet my pants exactly and I will though. Oh, he's gonna be there's a matter of fact
He's gonna be there with some free tickets from Bobby green
Sitting in a section far away. Thank goodness over on the other side
But the rick ronnie will be there with his son and some of us will be there with bells on and I'm positive
That all those people in 106 tonight seeing the importance of this game these significance of the
Great rivalry between these two sensational teams. I'm positive that they're gonna be on their best behavior tonight in our section
or else, okay, I don't want to play butch boss, but like cut the crap
1114 at w. I. O. D
Who brought these in but oh Ray brought these in brought in a couple of cigars and look at that
Wouldn't you know that one is a what is it?
Is that a la sense? Yano's oh, no, it's a Don Juan is what it is
Are they both are and you can get those in Mike cigars? You can get la sense? Yano's that's their house brand that everybody loves
You can get those bouses you can get mac anudos you can get virtually any kind of really outstanding cigar
That's ever been invented if you want the cheap cigars. I mean a real dreck
And the ones that are stale have been sitting on a shelf for like 20 or 30 years go to your drugstore
Go to some mom and pop cigars through that sells about two packs of cigars a year
And you'll find exactly what you're looking for if you want the good stuff head to Mike cigars 1030 king concourse in bay harbor
Open daily till six monday and thursday late till nine o'clock at night
They've been selling great cigars since
1950 in this town
That's why they're the biggest and the best anywhere in the universe in one of the top five cigar
Emporium's in the world
According to prestigious Forbes magazine. How do you like that?
And if you want one of their great new catalogs no problem no cost just pick up the phone
They'll whip one out to you in the mail in date county call 866
2277 866
277 toll free from outside of date. It's 1 800
9624 27
1 800 962 4427 if you like something round and firm and fully packed in your post head to Mike cigar
talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
Hey, Dan, do you finish that autopsy yet?
Now I'm just starting. He's on the slab now. Oh, she's so howdy die anyway. Well, let's see this ambulance reports has he choked to death at Luigi's
scalpel here. Oh, is this a gag? I heard Luigi's is a great place to eat retract this right here
Yeah, the best in traditional Italian cuisine a phone song
Sure, they've got homemade pasta ravioli and the best can always end down
I heard all that too. Let's open this stomach now. Okay. You want to help me with this?
Is that real-scale a penny there? Yeah, and look at here
Linguini and white glam sauce my favorite. Oh wow. You know looking at this great Italian food here. It makes me hungry
Why don't we go out to Luigi's for a bite to eat?
Why go out? You mean I've got some forks in my desk
Luigi's Italian restaurant down down Boylston Street for a divest in traditional Italian cuisine
Hey, pass the cheese your
Downtown Boylston Street, huh that Boston. It's a killer man
Anyway, it's 1119 to W.I.D. have D in the Rick Alpo left for Boston by the way speaking of that which we wish them the best
A lot but we already said that especially D
We must be forgetting somebody, you know, I just feel remiss I feel so I was sunny up the street
We wish him the best although I guarantee he ain't going to be there too long good luck to you sonny
Keep plugging away sweetheart
Get a haircut
And lose that Indian look it's out and who else?
Sonny market. Oh, no flores. We've thanked them Joe and the people of flores who sent us over the last eight years
8,749 dollars worth of food at least at the very least
And it'd been just fantastic to us and there's another one, you know tropical Chevrolet and flores
Have got to be they deserve a purple heart to two of them two of the very very very few businesses that have survived
The last like 30 40 years
In that neck of the woods
So nice going, Joe. We appreciate it all and thank you profusely
Here's West Kendall. Hello
Good morning, Neil. When is this happy last show?
Thank you so much. What is it happy happy last show there in those studios. Yeah
Yeah, I was listening to the to the run around show and a couple of colors were
More than one were asking for the the reappearance of Don Shula
All of a sudden
No, they feel that oh no. Yeah, you gotta be you gotta be kidding. Oh, yeah
They they one guy wanted to get down and pray for Shula's return because
They felt the gene actins got a raw deal. I just wasn't conscious. Yeah
You know that you know something the dolphins in their fans got a raw deal on Sunday from gene actins
Yeah, absolutely who messed up the coverage on that last play on the touchdown pass
From that five-year-old quarterback that frees kid for the Seahawks, right?
He just consistently disappointed and stuck the joint out Jimmy is not gonna sit still for that kind of mediocrity
Right, and I applaud him for that right. We don't have room for dead weight
Right did you uh, did you also happen to hear the show when the guy I think his name was something ret from Tampa Bay
Eric red Eric read the whole story articulate and literally did you hear that he's uh
He's not too happy about that 14 million over five or six years because it don't start for like five whatever it is and
And uh for a guy his caliber who can barely speak the English language. That's pretty unfair
There that conversation right there and itself. I'm not saying Eric is the most in articulate
But he's sure is right there in the running the fact that this guy is belly aching about how many millions
He's gonna get paid when he's gonna get it. This tells you what's wrong with America right there, man
Well, I was embarrassed to hear the conversation because obviously he wants that money because this guy can't come out and sell cars
Yeah, once he's off the football field right he wants the 15 million dollars in the bank
Because the way he was talking I've heard fifth graders talk better
I'm gonna be yeah, just had no no clue what was going on. Yeah, all it was
Make no mistake about that
Thank God that Brian Cox isn't continuing with his loud mouth disruptive behavior up there in Chicago
Because that's the last thing a horse-crap team like the bears needs you know what I'm saying exactly
Amen have a great day, Paul. Okay. Yes, see people don't change. They don't change
They just move from spot to spot, but they don't change Brian Cox. He leaves here. He goes up there right off the bed
He's on a crappy team, which we already knew everybody else thinks he's great. He's dynamite
They don't have no F and heart that's the problem and now yesterday he wasn't bad enough
He made the display with the finger and the whole deal on Sunday now. He's talking again
Talking more trash about his teammates and they stink and they this and they that everybody else did same old crap as we had down here
So basically Brian so much exactly
We have an open line indeed. We got the pair on the green lines another one of those days here
What it doesn't seem to be anything special on the outside, but then again, I don't expect you folks to be able to relate to the incredible emotion
The the pathos and the ethos and the you can't you just can't relate to unless you're here on the inside
Looking around at these formerly
Fulips you with surroundings now almost barren I would say
Does there happen to be a snapple in that bag by any is that flora stuff?
What is that it's not food. It's good. He's hockey pox that we're not going to give away until uh we find out where where we can mail and how
Yeah, oh we got some good stuff, but you're not getting it today
or tomorrow or tomorrow. That's right and George made a good point during the break by the way
Which I've neglected to mention since I'm so emotional here today and if you believe that
Uh, and that is don't be calling us with requests today
Now the guy the the kid that want to hear the Castro thing luckily it's in the DCS. It's still here. No problem
It's there about a bing
But I mean the odds of us finding anything. I mean this place is barren we're in a room with four walls a TV set
Thank God the TV still there. All right. We got a better one over the other joint
And and we also have our DSS hooked up you do know that don't you
We got the two DSS's hooked up over there with direct TV. We got those hooked up in the new joint
But generally speaking uh, we don't have uh quite what you call your great inventory of material here to dip into because it's all over the other joint
What is that that looks like a plaque to me
It's a picture of a joven asking a fight. Joven asking with whom?
Doesn't say well, I'll take a look at that guy's bare uh, but there and I'll tell you who it is
It's 1124. Oh, it's straight bear husky. Let me see that
Open line and day and seven oh, I almost give the number out. Sorry. Sorry
Talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Oh, that's right. That's right. We got to be careful. We don't know who the uh who despite the tattletails are over there
Do you know what I'm saying? Because they've been very nice to us, but the engineering quarters they have what do they got?
148 engineers at Paxenau
So we got to find out oh max he ain't gonna be ratting on us max is a good guy because he drives a vet and he used to work on Zeta
And smokes a good stoke and smokes a good Stogi so we can go to rat honest if somebody lights up a Stogi over there once in a
Great one. Yeah, they gave us that crap and a big is no food. There's no beverage in the studio. Right lighten up a little rollo
Okay, just kind of cut that little uh
If they're ever where Simon's twins man, Mitchween and Roy Pressman. There you go
God all the I think they must have some kind of a factory where they stamp out these cheap engineers out of a cookie
cutter and I think they forgot to separate those two at birth boy. They are joy at the hip
Will a train the Roy the same way we train Mitch that's okay. He'll he'll ease up and loosen up a little bit
As soon as we do by the two sheer
Which other than Zeta I think they would like probably beat the crap out all our other stations. Here's a poppano. Hello
So you're gonna be working with Peter Bulger. That's right and he he happens to be a very nice person
I will be working with Peter. Yep. Well, the end of the car's uh the bulger also right I understand
They're looking to sandy patented bring her over. We are and uh in a box
Ha ha. Yeah, not the truth my cut she must be about a hundred and eight
I don't think a lot of people understood that she was actually even though I'm the air
She sounded pretty good. She was not a really a nice person
What do me they did not understand that I've told at many many times whether the people want to believe it or not
But I have a good front have a nice day. There you go
But the people inside this building who worked with her hated her like poison well
I know but the people obviously weren't listening to you weren't aware of that have a nice day. Yeah
But you'll see there's a segment of the audience out there like the bits that called yesterday that got all hostile with me
I heard they're never gonna understand that it's a radio show right and that you can come off as sweet as apple pie on the ear and be a real
Idiot and jackass
Like a bastard on here and turn out to be a pretty decent person off the year. It's a radio show. She was one tough lady
Have a nice day. Are you gonna have the same uh power that you have now?
The same power yeah in other words are you are you gonna get out the same wattage?
Well, we'll get out the same wattage
But the fact that we're gonna have a new transmitter in a two or three weeks whenever it's gonna be in
I think it's gonna sound the signal be a lot better. No kidding. Yeah. Well, I think that's great
You were talking about that so you got your new one yet the January comes out in January. It comes out January
Yeah, and then let me see
98 they're making the change over right? No, this is the year
Oh, you're kidding. That's why it's coming out in January. Oh, is this the year that they're changing it right?
It's 1984 right. Oh my god
She's gonna look forward to that the only thing that damn price will probably be
Well, it's not really the first change in cd4 because the LT1 engines only been in the vets the last couple of years
Which is really a gigantic humongous change and I mean well, I'm talking cosmetically right right
Well, have you seen it? No, nobody has seen it. Oh god. I'd love to get a preview of the darn thing
Well, Jack libel. I'm sure when the first one comes out he'll be on his way up to Hollywood with it
It's not the truth. I instantly it just for a guy. I want to tell you something funny or though you may not think it's funny
I happen to know what Robert's all flushed like because I meant him at the wio d when I was on doing a show with
But the hell I can't she's up for get us name now. It had any rate. I'll Smith. Huh? Bill Smith. No, it wasn't Bill Smith
I had no
First inler Craig Worthing. No, the guy that went up to JNO
Michael ofine. No, my mind is going. No, he was like Miller Mike Miller. Yeah, Mike. Yeah, right
We're on we're talking about old cars and what I mean that's probably that was probably one of the last shows he did there
But at any grade I saw Robert's off in a restaurant the other day because he was there with Sandy Payton
And I walked in so I know what he looks like
Yeah, and he was in a restaurant up here in poppin of beach
And I was gonna blow his cover, but then I figured nothing worse than a restaurant
Critic who's recognized by the people inside all the restaurants so when he comes in they put on like an extra special deal
Yeah, I know it will obviously bad. Obviously nobody has a clue what he looks like and of course I didn't blow his cover
But I mentioned it to my wife. I said hey, do you know who that is over there? And she said no who I said this Robert's all yeah
So he was a critiquing a restaurant, but I would love to keep you all to myself. Yeah, thanks Andy
But anyway, it doesn't look like he's been missing any meals. I'll tell you that really oh, yeah
Well, when you eat for free trust me what I tell you. It's uh, it's the way to go. You got it
Have a great day pal. Good luck. Speaking of the way to go
You know what I think is gonna happen in the next couple of minutes George
Another momentous event. Do you know what it is?
Well, just stop and think about it. I just ate some really delicious, but slightly greasy food from Ray's diner. Oh, yeah
The bathrooms on the same floor
That's right the bathrooms on the same floor at Paxon boys
Although very very far away and we have very short break so man get out your tracks shoes
Get out your Nike's of course. Do you know I'm gonna tell you how far that Nike this this infestation of our society
All over the world not just in America
But on a scoreboard on the hockey scoreboard on hockey night in Canada
I'm watching because I taped I went to bed like after the first period of the Vancouver Calgary games Saturday night the second game
And I'm fast forwarding through to see the highlights and low lights and whatever in the outcome of these late games
And sure enough on the scoreboard they've got the Nike logo in the upper right hand corner on hockey night in Canada
And I said oh my god
Can this really be happening to us
So I think right now and I've been you know, I would have preferred to avoid it this if I could but I think I might just have to
My last dump
At W.I.O.D. in North table my last
Georgate equipment
folks
I'd like to see the song about
About me about you
About the way our American hearts beat way down a bottom of our chest
About that special feeling we get in the cockles for house
In the bowl of the cockles maybe in the subcock where we get
Maybe in the liver maybe in the jingles
Maybe even in the cold and we don't
Well, I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job
I'm your average white superman ice
I like football and
Tornow books about you. I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor my wife and my job my kids in my car
Off you down my table and a huge
But sometimes I just
Ain't enough to keep a man like me
Oh, no, no
I've got to go out and have fun and someone else is expensive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I try really
In the olds for fast lane
While people behind me are going to
Instead
Public toilets and I
Saw the seat I walk around in the summer times and I
I'm on a
Spaces while handicapped people make handicaps
And raising
Maybe they're right where they tell me
You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get myself a 1967 panel. I killed a rattle
A
Whales in a half a cat and all other cow in
Period and big brown baby seal eyes
My
Baby
One mile per gallon
Forty-five
The old fashioned by the great of all styrofoam containers and what I'm done second down those three small burgers
I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag and then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side
And right now
God damn thing anybody can do about it
You know why because we got the bomb that's why two words nuclear and weapons of day Russia Germany
From any of they can have all the democracy they want thinking of a big democracy
Can walk right through the middle of the enemy square and it won't make a lick of difference because we got the bomb
So dad John Wayne's not dead he's frozen and as soon as we find a cure for cancer
We're gonna throw out that dude and he's gonna be pretty pissed off
You know why I'm gonna be taking a cold shower
We'll multiply that by 15 million times that's how pissed off the food is gonna be
I'm gonna get a doodling and John has the veggies and leave arm and then sand
Second boy and a case away and dry down a day safe
You know you really aren't at all
But you just shut up and sing this song, pal
I'm an asshole and I'm proud of it
So Cheryl says what's tomorrow's you're gonna be like I guess you'll be tuning in to find out sweetheart
I'm sure that it'll be blasting in the hallways just to keep him awake in this joint
1138 at W.I.O.D. I want to tell you one thing my last dump in this building was a masculine dump
Oh God it was so rewarding
And I left some little advice for the employees on the walls down there
In fact, I just wrote a simple message on the restroom wall
It's not a question of if
It's just a question of when
And that comes in real handy like if you're on the Atkins you know and you're real bound up inside
And you're sitting there wondering is it ever gonna happen just look at that message
And psychologically any second
You should be rewarded with great success
By the way, thanks to Mike Silver is from going going going gone
In on South Dixie Highway
Who sent us a whole bunch of stuff it says here are giveaways for your listeners on your last day before moving surprise Mike
We got two pucks from and these pucks are great there like
Got the pictures of the players not actual photographs, but they're like well. I don't know what they are. They're like are they drawings
Whatever they are of
Joffold beser in e.m. Are screw lennon melon bee
Let's see now between that bunch and e.m. Are got two screw lennons got two melon bees got two air six goals right there in the first two games
And I think bezers got two a big big pair
It's a Stanley Cup championship puck
How do you like that? It's got Jovenosky on one
It's got like I said the other guys so we got how many we got of those which we're not giving them way today
Anyway, so just to get out of here a bag. We got a bag full of them
And we got some really nice plaques too by the way, which I'm keeping thank you Mike
Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello
Miami on the purple line
Yes, sir, I'm sorry. That's okay. I apologize. I was out of the vehicle for a minute there. That's all right
I was out of the room for I was out of the room for two and a half minutes to
I hope your time was spent as well as mine. It was my I just watched my hands too. All right
I made a I want to make a real quick comment and reference to some days game. Is that me? Yes, sir
Most of us that were out there
We were getting our butt soaked so I had I was soaking wet and I think the performance of the team was not bad overall
I think
Eric's been played fairly well
Uh, there's a few foam moves because of the rain. Of course the bog is whether it's hard to keep up with that ball
And I think uh
Mr. Jimmy Johnson he did the right move getting rid of gene acting amen
There might be a couple of more players that uh need to get you know need to get get rid of them too like JB Brown right?
I'm sorry like JB Brown. I think uh that's on top of the list. Yeah, and you know these people have to get used to Jimmy
Uh, I don't think he's uh, a type of coach that he likes to lose
Uh, why he's got those two rings uh, it's because he likes to win
That's right. He's not going to sit back and keep a bunch of losers on the team guys that keeps screwing up over and over again
And keep in mind a guy like gene actins with his experience
He's not going to get any better. Do you know what I'm saying in other words?
He's not a rookie. He's not somebody who at this stage of his career ought to be learning
He's either going to do it or not and he's not getting the job done and he's gone and that's it and I like that approach
He's slowing down and uh, you know
When you the older you get the slower you get and you'll react as well as you'll when you're 20 or 25 year old uh, young male
And uh, I think don't that's all I want to say about the game itself and last night I watched part of that uh
The uh that dolphin so they have like I kept at it with that hand goldberg honor. Yeah
God is he ugly. I've never seen somebody as ugly as he is. Yeah, I turned it off for a year
Some of you know some of us have a face for radio the Humper's got a face and a body for radio
He's got the face like a hit line. Yeah, you've got a cut. You've got a cut to somebody says uh, he's not only
Fatty. He's just gonna have a pot of something like that something like that. Yeah. It's not just paint goldberg
It's a hip-hop. Yeah, something like that. He looks just like one. Yeah, my daughter has a little book
I had a piggy book and I went and looked up
Space and I got a mind he looks just like one. He's a monster in the gambling business. Make no mistake about him
Listen to another thing in other thing I net smith and Joseph Gackie on together on QAM
No. 3 you can't complain about the personality on that show because they don't have any I want to what a pairing that is
I don't listen to them at the end of the game. I just shut the radio off and put something else. I cannot listen to them
Another point I wanted to make out says you guys normally give our good stuff away. Yeah
Yeah, most of your freebie listeners that they like to go pick up the stuff now
It'll be closer to them cause all I gotta do is get up by 95. There you go excellent point
We can you know something we can throw it over the fence right out of 95. They don't even have to come into parking lot
That's excellent excellent excellent. Have a great life pal
Good looks you good
Well, he said good luck. Here's a rumor who's gonna be on briefly. Hello
What's up, Rimmer? This is a rumor rumor stepped out for a second. I'm on hold for him. Who's Paul laws? Paul laws
This is a setup deal okay. No, I've been hit. Yes. It is. This is a setup deal if I ever saw
Oh, it's not how can you how can you possibly be hanging around with that guy after what he said about your anatomy?
I mean I'd be embarrassed by that. I don't know. He's been looking at me a little weird. That's what I'm saying
Well, you know what? Come to stick with Denise. Okay, they make it they make a dashing couple. Yeah, he
Sounded he had a couple holes in his pocket. So he's going around dressed and find all those change. Yeah
I know
The line is feeling the change but nice try Paul
You can arian's man you slay me. I know a yeah. Yeah, see you around a kick some ass tonight Paul get that Samuel sin
Yeah, it was first one all right. I'll give it
A meal yeah, it's a rumor hang on
Okay, 1144 well we're up against a break now. I can't I'm already two minutes behind he'll wait you think he's going somewhere
Boy, what a setup deal that was
And I hope when we come back you don't make any more comments about the guys penises on the team. I mean that's that's like something we do on the worst team
Talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
This is right for a senior writer with the hockey news. They don't come any better than Neil Roger
1148 to W I D. Thank you so much for waiting rimmer
Well, did you expect everything else? No, I know you're not going anywhere. I'm pretty bad. Who's doing a game tonight?
Obviously this this show
Must be kicking some butt because it's a lot of commercial time
Anyway, yeah, how are you great? I just wanted to call you and kind of an offer to talk you set the sea
There's no sucking there. I'm just speaking in in real as an offer to talk. Yeah
And enough of these setup calls to by the way. Well, there's no setup call. I had to run out and get some information
You had to run, so funny. I had the same problem. What's that? I said I had the same movement just moments ago
So it goes to show a great behind minds work alike
Well, let me just tell you I had to run away for a sec and get some information because you you wind and complain
I didn't tell you about Ray Shepherd when he was hurt who's now don't tell me somebody else has heard
No, in fact, it's good news tonight with a season opener and of course the banner
Raising tonight Ray Shepherd will play tonight really yes, whoo heavy duty. That's some big news here at that great news
The panthers practice facility. So who's gonna be sitting nude?
Uh, I would think it'll be Brad Smith. Uh-huh. That's right rookie. Yeah
And it's not because Brad played play pretty well, but the rookies always you know, they get a little bench time
Yeah, but the the good news is that Ray and I talked to him here just the moment of going in fact
That's why Paul was holding for me
Ray said that
They told him soon as the pain went away. He could play the pain's gone away great a medical clearance like yesterday practice
Oh, we're gonna be dangerous now just stop and think that we won our first two games on the road against two pretty highly touted teams
Without Ray Shepherd our leading goal scorer and we were all for ten on the power plan
I told Doug McLean
I said we've got the McLean show coming up later this week and if you don't want some
Severe criticism you better get the power play going
I want to see Stracca out there and at power play with shepherds, but I want to see
Well Ray Shepherd is playing tonight. He'll play alongside the stew barns and
Let's hope that the panthers can scorn the power play and make it three and oh with the banner raising tonight
It's a historic night and have we heard anything about messier and self-lord and know the panthers are waiting to hear
But you have to understand the panthers world here
Other than from the media because the Rangers will be notified later today whether or not messier will be or won't be suspended
Yeah, of course made the trip with the team last night
Is practicing at the Miami arena right now and of course
He'll learn later on this afternoon from Brian Burke whether or not you'll be suspended my feeling is now
As unjust as it is he won't be
He should be but you know something like I said it to a caller before I'd rather than he did play
Because I don't want any Ranger fans crying excuses, you know
I'd like to beat him with our full team against their whole team and we'll beat him right down to the ice
We'll just pulverize him well whatever it takes we got to tell you again
Mike Richter nine goals in two games not too great a not too good
I think he shot his big load in a world cup. Did you hear the latest rumor so to speak yeah, all right and and listen to this one
Rimmers rumors here we go
Uh if the shantahan deal goes through rumors rumors if between Detroit and
Hartford yeah, Hartford will flip flop coffee back to the New York Rangers. Yeah, about each for covalogue for covalogue
Yeah, we already heard that yeah too bad rumor. We already heard that like an hour ago anyway
Well, I didn't know who started the rumor don't you stand fish laran a devil game last night. Oh really?
Yeah, he's he's another potty model. I thought they'd copy started
Because no stand fishler started it, you know
He's the same guy that said that we aren't going anywhere. He don't know nothing about anything. There you go
No more need be said. I'm sure it was sure nicely in the flyers
Beat last night beat New Jersey because now they both lost the game. They're both like one and one and we like that
But there's Neil understand one thing. I think it's great that the Panthers don't get the respect from
The national media that they should and we didn't last year and you know something
Nobody here cares about that. We don't care about the national media
We don't care about the magazines about all these picks all we do is you know
Care about going out there and seeing them play great every night and winning the games exactly. We know how good they are
Exactly, exactly, but I can tell you that the hockey teams you talk to the coaches you talk to the players
They'll tell you how much respect they've got for the Panthers. They're not taking them lightly and that's more important
Quite frankly. Yep. I envision tonight not only is gonna be a great night with all these ceremonies and the
festivities but boy I just envision a real
Nasty. It's gonna be rough. It's gonna be a tough game. The lights go out at 710. They want everybody in their seats
And quiet I might add
Our messier is lights gonna go out and old Samuelson made probably about 745. I said I want everybody quiet in the roger section tonight
Watching the game. Yeah, you especially have a vested interest in that having since you worked so feverishly to get me those great seats in those great tickets
You're certainly responsible for the behavior of all those people in 106 tonight as usual. I'll take the blame
Okay, no problem now
I want you to tell your good friend Dean Jordan a little thing about public relations
I'm sure you must have read his comments about the game being on 33 tonight actually
I talked to Dean about it last night and he said well
It was always gonna be on air. We didn't do it because of the tci thing
We didn't do it to try to please anybody see even if they didn't do it
You do the smart thing like our friend rich from a sports channel said yesterday
And you know you kind of like
Gildolulu a little bit you say well see how nice we are we're paying the money which they are to put it on 33 so everybody can see it and
You don't have to deny you don't have to confirm or deny it. No, don't take it out of context the point that the dean's making is hey
This is great
Well, not great, but and I'll put it out here. It's a bonus. It's a bonus that
In fact the tci subscribers are going to see it, but Dean's point is this there are a lot of people in self-floor it
That don't have cable right all right, so the idea right what if they don't have you hf exactly but
Understand one thing yeah the panthers
Right from the onset they wanted to make sure that everybody in self-floor to had a chance
So way back before this tci thing ever became the issue that it that it was the panthers always had in their mind that they were going to make the game
Available to everyone in self-floor to and that's the point that he was making. Thank you Dean
No, I'm sticking up for the guy because that was his we know why you're sticking up for because you work for him
Don't start with his crap while you're sticking up for we're always gonna stick up for Dean or a Neil
You're taking your taking it off
You're getting flustered now. I think paul has got you with that feeling of change line
Where there's no sense? There's no feeling. I know why you called it a two because you heard me talking before about how all our stuff is over in the new building
Yeah, and you know that all our carts and all our other stuff is over there and I can't embarrass you by playing somebody else's goals on here
No, Mike Langstuff over here. What did you tell me when you called me at home last night about what about the first two broadcast?
I said they were very good. I said you're no Bob Cole, but
Hey
Elepire to deep pass ahead for a gillmore who was flat
And a Schneider
Get one up the center to mark. He's away. Gilmore coming for the man
Oh
You're all right
How do you like that? How's very good? You like them apples outstanding
Yeah, it was outstanding. It was wild and the Leafs are undefeated and not too many other
Feded teams in league beside the Panthers in the Leafs. So I guess I got pretty good taste
Neil as outstanding as Robbie Neetlemeyer was in the weekend
Robbie said just making his way home now here after the morning skate and
Boy, what a great start to the year Rob. Nice going Robbie two great shots pal
He really butched up an arranger game boy. He was outstanding. He's a player. You're right. Yeah, you're right
I think I'm predicting right now. He's gonna have the he can buy me dinner anytime he wants rumor
I keep him by me but you're on your own and you too. Yeah, you can buy me dinner anything. I know that
Absolutely, okay, hey the good news shepherds in the lineup great
Panthers are gonna try to go three and all here against the Rangers tonight. Thanks for the good news, Raymond
See you later. Bye-bye
Okay, there you go and we actually kept some lines on the phone there too, which is quite a miracle
Is the first time for everything it's 1150 56 at WIOD
Talk in entertainment radio
610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale
Well, that's where it goes nothing's perfect look who's here rocky steven is in the building now rocky
Etchivaria aka Stephen Bauer who's got new movies coming out and came in to say goodbye
I came in to say are you still a little bit of a star? I wonder what no, I'm not actually I'm well. That's where they kicked you out of there
They didn't they had enough of that Mike. I knew I was gonna have a problem. They had enough of me
Yeah, I made trouble on the island and I didn't clean up after myself. Yeah, I was it. Now I'm living on Miami Beach
Since you made that damn Scarface movie you just been painting the ass
Well, you know, it's it's a daily thing actually everybody everybody puts a daily world with your gray here
So rocky is going out with a 19 year old chick now is what he said or 20 or whatever she is
Dumped that other huh 20. Oh, what's wrong with that? It's it's good actually because it keeps me
No, it's legal. It's legal. I'm gonna be legal things. You've done lately. There's nothing wrong with that
And he's getting gray here too. He just bearing it for us in his chest too, and it's getting kind of get gray
That's because of my third wife that that was you were married three times three times
Yeah, you might catch up with Larry King before you're done. No, no, I'm finished
I'm finished in fact. There's a bunch of people at the door that he still owes money to so take care of mine away out
What you do the thing coming up so I have a film called Plato's run with Gary Bucy
Gary Bucy is he really as ugly as he looks in the movies or he's a strange looking guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
But he's charismatic. Yeah
That's always a good word for him. He's got good hair. Uh-huh, and I like you and big teeth right and uh, but he and and he's got a rough voice like this
Uh, no, he doesn't really look like buddy Holly by the way, but don't tell him that but you know
He's blonde and I'm black and I'm black you're black black like me. Yeah, and I'm uh, so you let's see your Cuban your Jewish and your black
Well because the sprint now see I feel uncomfortable because
The people they don't call you Steven do they yeah, everybody calls you Steven. Yeah, I'll call you Rocky
Just uh, you know, well you can do that because call me because you're from the old days, you know
Yeah, I mean you know, I was just telling the Steven Rocky whatever the hell his name is this juban
I was just telling that I still have a copy. I bet you there is anybody else in America
That still has a copy of one of the old Kepasa USA episodes
The one where you're running around naked in the towel the whole thing and grandma was getting all bad out of shape
Yeah, yeah, no, I haven't worn it out
It's not that although compared to what he looks like now with all this gray hair on his chest
He was looking a lot better. I looked the same just a little great. You do look very much the same your fail
Facially, I mean you look you know, you could pass for 50 probably but uh lost 20 pounds
No, no seriously. You can read the face is pretty much the same, but uh other than that
I'm ready for the the next time
I'm going for the for the the whole shabang this time. So the name of this movie is what kind of intercourse
Inner inner force. This is one with Ron Jeremy in it. No, at least it gets somebody more here than you got on his body
That's good kitty me out is in this film. Yeah, I'll bang
No, no, no, this is a film I'm gonna do and probably January here in Miami
Uh, Robert Brent, uh, grandest studios and we just made a deal yesterday. Is Dave Capri going to be in this one?
Uh, Dave
I don't know, Dave
Oh come on you know Dave wasn't Capri didn't want in his movies. He had like a bit part like uh is a huh
I'm trying to get one of the dolphins in it. There's a good thing. It was different rocky
Rocky who he's in a cell. That's just the one movie. Oh, that's right. He was in with that scumbag. I forgot about that
Have you ever been in movies with him? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but I might
Somebody just talk. There's probably no cash left over after he's in it
For anybody else, you gotta do you know, you gotta do it for the love of art. Yeah, or the love of sly or something
Um, yeah, actually they talk to me
They're talking to me this week about doing a film that he's doing a cameo in and his brother starring in
Brother Frank. Oh great. How about his mother? She gonna be in there too. She's just doing the you know
The hero of the nail lady. Whatever the hell she does the horoscope. Yeah, the horoscope
So now what which dolphin player we're gonna get in there? You better make sure
Louise yeah, Louise Louise
Is gonna be there he's got half Cuban
I know what the other half is, but I'm not gonna sit on the air
Yeah, no Lewis is not what you think. Yeah, he's gonna be an actor
He's good. You know, it's interesting that he should be an actor because I think that fits right in with the ambiance of Louise
I think that's a perfect. What are you laughing about? What does that mean?
Next to be making Troy Ackman jokes
What? Tragman's my hero. I want you to know by the way and my dad said something that wasn't nice at all last week
Yeah, he said that there was a book written and they said some night and not nice things about Troy's my idol
In fact, what do you mean some not nice things about him? Well, he said that Troy was single and he's a bachelor in your bag
Well, so why is that not nice? Well, I mean, there's no no no no. It's just the point the point being do you think he is a bag?
I think it's his business
Yeah, nobody's business. He's not like yeah, I think so. Yeah, what about Steve Young?
Steve Young what are they two of them have in common Steve Young and Trey Ackman?
Are they both single? They both they're both single. They both were number eight
They're both much too old. They've never been married really. I thought Steve Young had a bunch of kids
He's a Mormon, isn't he? Well, he's the Mormons. He's riding the bicycle real hard
But the kids ain't coming out yet. So it doesn't work that way
Do Mormons have kids? I mean lots of lots and lots of kids just ask Donnie and Marie they don't dance though, right?
They don't dance they don't have time for it
Orman's dance and they wear those what do they call it again the the moon underwear the
Sacred on underwear the sacred
No, they were the sacred garments
The only time they take them off is the shower temple garments
Yes, and they got like a little hole a little finesse debris
What are they doing in the locker room? I mean, they like have to wait till the other guys clear the shower
Well, I know what Steve Young does in locker room, but that's none of your business personal like you said if then your business
So which door for them we're gonna have Louise Oliver
I think he's safe. I think his job is safe. He's playing pretty good. It's a good thing you were planning on Jean Vincent
A gene gene
Gene
Jean Bopalula boy you are getting old aren't you? Yeah, hold you inspire all these old memories in me
Um, I'll tell you what nobody ever says I'm the only person that says anything about K. Pasa USA to you. Yeah, why?
No, no actually love about every other week someone mentions K. Pasa USA someone says hey chill that's still on it
So much today recognize me and they today they recognize me they said joe mama over at a raised place. Yeah, oh yeah
That's our crowd the best food in town. Yeah, 79. Oh, he's feeding you for free too, huh? No, no, no
Oh, yeah, no, no, I know how you're sliding through huh till our next movie comes out. I don't know how to all you out of work actors
Are so who else are we gonna you gonna out on here today?
Let me think let me think
I did a film with which you're last year. That's nothing new and what did you what did you do? I got it
Well, you know what what was amazing was that he was so he was just so he was so great first of all
I was very afraid it was a refreshing experience because he was very very sweet. Why do you hollywood? He was sweet
He was very sweet, but he I got the distinct
He kept making work he kept squeezing my cheeks and saying look at that face
And I was trying to look at that out. I couldn't understand what that meant. Yeah
And then and then one night he called me in my room
But I was with the I had a your 20 year old chick, you know, yeah, I had some other traveling companion with me
But I get what does that mean traveling companion because you said before
Well, the news was on you said your feminine side is starting to come out. It is I think that that's you know in the 90s
part of my my
My imminent
Success that's coming coming around now again is
Because of well the carry grant thing that we talked about I think Tony Perkins thing
You know tab hunter is still around tab hunter getting pretty old, but he and Tony were an item. He still has to learn here. Yeah
Really tab uh-huh tab hunter
It's real too. I'm sure you probably might out of Tony Perkins were still around, but he's not
Tony Perkins and tab hunter so you can tell us if you've ever done it with a guy you can tell America that the
Cubans so I'm sure the answer is yes
I'm Cubans of the yeah
Yeah a lot of very famous Cuban
uh-bags yeah in like who beside l'Elflin the wee smigell is uh-
Mexican wee smigell is Mexican. Are you know Louise? No, I don't do you know what's your name
Yes, I do do you yeah, yeah and and you do work
uh-uh I don't I don't kiss and oh did do or I'll write because I know the wee shirt and so it's your kid
No, no, no, it's not my kid. It's the father of a country folks. I was uh at the time. I was in uh
I was very careful at the time. It was only a
A weekend in cancun and yes, Saran Raan. I don't even know what we're talking about but I did her
Louise's alleged girlfriend. What's your name? The name? The day the daisy Fuentes. Oh yeah daisy. No, actually uh daisy and I just danced
I had a big crush on that. That's that's what Louise said too. We just danced for hours and hours and hours on the
So Errol Flynn we know as a fact. Yeah, he wasn't able to use to go to Cuba. He used to go to Cuba a lot my father
It's because my father tells me about these uh
He tells me about the uh
The movie starts to use to come down to Cuba
So I think we got a real scoop here today the Cubans came
Over here not to get away from Castro, but to get away from all the fags and then the way things turn around look at what happened on South Beach
Goes to show you man. You can't escape with South Beach's uh his wild. Yeah, well only fags hang out there
Um and cheap drugs like Steve Nichol who's that our program director? Oh, he would agree
Yeah, I'm staying away from South Beach these days because um that's why you're wearing a South Beach studio's t-shirt this way
It's South Bay. This is Long Beach uh where I just don't know South Bay South Bay South
I've got another film coming up uh
Uh the Gary B.C. film is cool though. It's shot here for Lauderdale and he and I are like um Mel and uh and Danny Glover
They're they were an item for a while, but in in hollywood, but that's really undercover
Which one's the other controller?
Glover of course
No, between you two. Yeah, Mel Gibson's all show. It's all you know he just like you know he acts like he's
Oh, I know that. Everybody knows he's a fact. Yeah, everybody knows that's that's not even a content
Um, but yeah, it's like lethal weapon, but you know
But funnier
I sure hope so Gary B.C. and I yeah, you know he's
So you still get residuals from a k-pasta and his car face and why does everybody ask you that no car face?
residuals no no residuals for k-pasta because it was it was done with a grant from the yeah
So I get nothing zip yeah 19 years later still playing everywhere in the world and
Um, all I get is hey Joe, you know
In my car, you know trying to run hey aren't you Joe?
No, what's wrong with that it worked for Buffalo Bob
Huh
It worked it worked for the lone ranger
Do you see that in the paper that they played more he's 182 years old it did not work for a George
And it didn't work for a what's his name either in the wheelchair. He's not to do it to do ever do violeta
Violeta no violeta and I were like brother and sister
What about Garmincita?
Garmincita and I
Now we're getting out with some big talks. Sorry. We're even more like brother and sister
What's the point?
Uh, no, I didn't do anybody on the show
So you evaded my answer?
Well, you've been answering my question about your homosexual lifestyle leanings. Uh, you know interest
Uh, I'm spirit merely interest
No, no merely no, it's no I've my feminine side I think is uh is uh, I've been working on it
I mean, it's I've been you've been working on it. Yeah, and um just you know, I think that uh
It's I think you're way too old for me Rocky. I thought you're just uh you're you're welcome to run
Sweetheart
I have so much time to be a poster boy. Yeah in the 90s not with hair like that
They got some great stuff that they have on those uh infomercials on the Spanish
You're not gonna tie my hair ball of wax. You know that you take it off like uh an inch of the time and the hair
Please don't do that. He's open. Oh, she's
How did you pray? This one?
Anybody who marines this one on my left?
Let me see your nipple just a second. Oh, yeah, I don't have a good that's a Jewish nipple. He's got a good nipple
But uh anybody who believes there's a god should come in here and look at this
Compared to the day when you were walking around naked on a tv show with a towel around your waisted. How old are we on that show?
18? I was 18 and it looked really good and now he's uh oh man
I'm telling you you know the lady outside uh, she said she
She gave me too bad you lost all that weight because you could have been a ranger me standing
But I don't think you're double-jointed are you probably tried a few times
Okay, let's do a break here and uh
Steven the bower and chiever rea whatever's name is he's hanging out here because uh
Raid just gave him a free lunch 12 15 at w-i-o-d heaven
Talking entertainment radio
610 w-i-o-d
12 18 at w-i-o-d wouldn't you know that there'd be some big radio news on the day our final day at doing a show out of this studio
And here's a little clue see you buddy
It says the federal communications commission handed an eight thousand dollar fine to wv i cfm and east lancing
Michigan for salty language on a morning talk show
Now isn't that where he came from in the first place
When the boy giri hid him i'm pretty sure that's where he came from and he's back at the scene of the crime again
The penalty arose from comments made by on air collars during a june third show hosted by jaz mc
See you buddy the collars used defensive words while discussing oral and anal sex
Wow
The FCC is banned by povats the first time a state has been criticized for indecency since 1994
Wow, yeah
So there you go. I think jaz is right up your alley see you buddy. So to speak here's a call from boca. Hello
Boca hello
Gone yeah, thanks for killing the show here rocky. It's great everybody
We had a full board of calls and the bizarre part
You know something i must have done something really evil in my life because rimmer was on air who usually blows out the whole board of calls
Drop off every time he comes i heard him and they all stayed on there and i thought gee
This is a breath of fresh air then Steven sits down here to shamelessly plug his movie and i'll read thank rave for the free lunch
And everybody is dropping off here like flies
So it's obvious that that's because nobody wants it and they don't want to know all the dirt that's obvious that they don't remember on your great
Flicks like
The heart see for hearts that was a good movie. Yeah, that's a good film and the beast the beast my face and spark was and yeah
And also
What if you walk and doing you up the butt
Almost oh yes
No, he just called i just got through reading the thing about jasmine kay see you buddy and right away
You're starting with references to uh, you know let it let him do that okay. He can handle Chris walking and i do a scene
It's half of his improvise where he yeah where he uh he catches me with his with his uh protege with his uh paramour protege
And a girl named and hey
Yeah, she's coming she's a coming star. Yeah, and she's coming along and she um and he catches us and he goes you and i'm his valet
I'm his chauffeur, but i'm actually a seek uh
I'm actually a cop undercover and i'm getting ready to bust him
He's the biggest money laundering in in the u.s
Right and it's a movie called the wild side is playing it's playing it's on each on showtime hb. Oh and
um
And i did that last year and it was Chris walking his out of his mind right
Yeah, and we do this scene and it's all improvised and i you know and i'm bum bum bum and he and i hit it off
You know we have great chemistry uh
Chris and because i'm i can follow that you know and uh he uh
He catches me and he goes that's it. That's it. You uh and he says all right all right
Drop your pants drop your pants and he's holding a gun to my head. I go. Oh come on boss come on. You don't look like that baby
Drop your pants. Yeah, he says drop your band go wrong and then he goes all right
bend over and i go what and he goes bend over
And i say well what are you gonna do when he goes and he goes just
Bend over all and then that's her that's her that's where i'm on on mtp. Let's go ahead
Nobody can see that here and and uh he uh he uh he gets ready and he's slay first he tears off my calvans
Right and he goes give me those and he rips them off me and he says i paid for these
They're mine and he and he slaps me with him
Spanked me with them with the with the calvans. It's a great scene. You gotta see yeah, and then and i'm saying oh
Oh cut it out come on stop it and he goes i go come on boss like come on and he goes that's it
That's it all right. All right. I'm ready and he has a and he has a cigar a big cuban cigar in his mouth
Right big tobacco well that's what he's gonna use yeah and he goes and he drops his pants
And he's getting ready and he goes hi all right and then he slaps himself
To wake up to wake himself up wake it up yeah right and he goes
Christopher waking yeah
And i go oh you boss come on don't do this to me and he goes yes
I'm i'm gonna do it because to discuss myself to because because you
Yeah, so does he do it or not? He's starting like he's about to and then john Chen walks into room
john Chen
Damn as he goes you're a
Pig and he goes
And he goes oh honey you're bad timing
Yeah, I was just teaching him a lesson and uh you had to see the movie
Brackham hell it damn near kill them here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. How you doing guys? Okay, sir
Neil I ran into a Stephen Barrett's one of the highlight of my uh of my
pedestrian careers
I was in the a-starred where looking if I had a pulled and I was looking for some nuts. Yeah, and I swear
And you know something that's that's what he was looking for too. I'll bet
I want to work to him he's working. I had a little apron on and uh I said I'm looking for some nuts from for this
Maybe to tuck me right to him and then I like to I said I should see it
And things got in this bad man working in a hardware store. That was that was me
That was me last year
You're right. I was I was doing uh two weeks stint as a
Aces the place for the helpful hardware
It was uh
Undercover I had my friend with me. I said that's the that's the good guy from paraphrase man
You know, I do those things I go you know and then I come back. I've done four films since then
Yeah, it was you told me the films you were gonna do but uh it was I tell you what you know
It's silly but it was I know how people feel it's a pleasure running into you
If I knew where you live, you know, I might stalk you or something. Yeah, I
Was just part of the music up because it's a pet shop boys and since you're becoming uh, you know
You're leaning in that direction. I love the pet shop boy. Right. Yeah. This is that great video that I'm always
Getting real nervous about but anyway, anyway
We'll see you at the games tonight. Okay pal. I'll be there. All right. Man, thanks
See the real reason that the Stephen came in here today is to suck around for Ranger tickets
I we don't got no Ranger tickets. Okay, but don't got no stick in a hockey ticket. I'm gonna get in anyway
And I'm gonna come bug you oh yeah in your section
In the uh in the uh
Neo Rogers seems like you got bugger on a mind is what it sounds like to me
We got two open lines in power to one on the green line
I'm sure that we got a lot of young ladies out there who are still watching reruns of kpasa USA
Or probably an issue a lot of old guys who are watching the reruns here's a Jupiter. Hello
Good morning. Yeah, sir
Like to speak to Rocky. Yes, sir
Rocky. All right
Gotta be gotta be somebody from high school
Actually, I'm not but I work with date county fire and a real real real nice guy named Mario Gonzalez
You know him
He knows you refresh my memory
He's a well he's a farm and also and uh he speaks very highly of you from school and
Uh at any rate he was never my roommate
I didn't say
I didn't say roommates
But he does have a book coming out
The name of the movie
Where you uh are hunting down uh
I presume is Palestinian that's right sort of Gideon. Oh man great film great movie
I loved you in Scarface and uh thank you you're you're I tell you what man keep it together. Yeah, you you know it
Hey, Neo. Yeah
Love you enjoy your new place. Thank you so much and I'm in Jupiter. Maybe I can get a little better
Reception well, we'll be strong to your reiners. Okay, okay pal. Thanks. Have a great day
Thanks buddy. Okay, Broward lines are wide open now because uh Rocky's here and the two on a green lines
But I'm not gonna give those numbers out anyway because I know you're out there
I know you're all sitting there closet people and you're just fascinated and just speechless by the species
These revelations here they found it carry grant junior
Or is it nab 100 junior rock color here. Here's Carl Gable. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi
Rocky. Yeah, man went to school with you in junior high school. Wow
What's your name?
S-O-L
So so yeah, I ran into you at that uh so I've been at my family sounds pretty Jewish to me so
And I don't know
I went one year with Rocky and I went two years with Johnny Dowe and also
Well that goes to Shoe what comes around goes around man. Yeah, I do
junior high that was uh
Really mr. Soryano he's an interesting guy. Oh, yeah, I know
He loved uh he loved uh he loved to be surrounded by uh careful
Yeah
He loved he loved me oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and uh and a few of the other guys in class
We all saw clockwork horns and we care he took us to uh he would take us on field trips
All right, I never got in on you. No, he was a great teacher a great educator
Yeah, yeah, boy, I've got teacher to you one year too. Yes, really? Yeah, so did my mom
So did my mom for your problem growing up was that as a jubin you missed out the uh the pleasures of being
molested by your priest like a lot of the young I know what I by this much though by I mean how much by that
Yeah, Rocky, I never knew you were Jewish
Uh, I'm one quarter my mom uh my mom's dad was a German Jew
Oh, okay, so that makes me uh, you know your parents still are out there. Oh, yeah, they still live here. Yeah, yeah
They're they're both uh they're here. Yeah, I know a lot of your
I could one of your own girlfriends. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, so what what which one? Barbara Barbara. Yeah
Never heard of a right. Sure you did not by name anyway. Sure. No. Yes. I remember pool parties and
Oh
Spoken pot under the bridge. Oh, yeah
As you should have seen Johnny Doe on the West Miami Johnny who? Johnny Doe on the West Miami. Oh, yeah
Yeah, he's the morning your jock on the oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
So a bunch of us are still around a bunch of us are still around or a bunch of us have come back
See they say you can't go home again
Oh, no, I still enjoy all your films like watch it. I go, hey, I'm just cool with that guy. Thank you. So hey no problem
Good
Happy circus song okay. See ya
Okay, there's only men are calling huh? I come only men are calling because we don't have any women listen to the show
No seriously. We don't do it like four or five women
Predominantly male audience because most of the women in this audience don't know who you are. That must be it
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Not a day goes by day. Go now. It's a day goes again. Yeah. Not a day go
Goes by
Not a day goes by that I don't have people women coming up to me on the street
Saying what and saying but they don't call you the women don't call you rocky. Let me see the hair. Let me see the hair on you
Do the women call you rocky or just a man?
That's just a man just a man because they think that you know, it's a more intimate thing and then that
You know what they they it's more intimate. Yeah, look at uh and
No, no, I mean it Miami's really I mean, this is the place for me. I'll never leave from you know
I mean, I only leave for work. You'll leave here and about half our guarantee of that now
Is it a surprise to see me here though? It's a pretty shocking. What
On your last day dummy up 1229 and W.I. and D while you getting so carried away now that I got to do the break for our good friend
Mark Jacobson if you if you're really a good guy you might be on etch. Oh, there's a good Jewish guy for you
Talking entertainment radio
16 W.I.O.D
Okay, don't say that again. What you just said
Okay, 1233. We were just talking about Brad Davis. We got some real good insights into that
Okay, here's uh here's sweet water. Hello. Hey guys. Yes, sir
Uh rocky. Yeah, man. Everybody calls him rocky. I want to school with him. All right. I'm sure
How's Ernie? Ernie's uh at Barnett Bank
He's holding it up right now. Ernie in fact, Ernie's probably listening right now
I must have the the matching ski match to know what you came in with
Ernie turned me on to Neil Rogers. Ernie who?
Ernie my brother
Ernie your brother Ernie he's a big fan Ernie X-Avaria Ernie X-Avaria is a big fan
He said you got to listen to Neil when I came back to Miami. Yeah two years ago. He said you got to listen to Neil
He mentions you and I say he mentions me
He knows about me
I still water see in the lake behind your pants out you do that's you making all those waves
I was over there the other night for dinner
And I was going those guys on those those
Scooties or skeetos or Scooby-Doo's what are they what are they called?
What like they didn't have to get in my way when I'm trying to see
Well, who are you man? What's your name Bill?
Jam
Yeah, my brother Bruce was in your class. Oh, yeah, I was in Rocky's class. I mean Ernie's Ernie's class. Yeah
Yeah Roger's class huh?
Bruce I remember Bruce and y'all bet you do
I still live in sweet water in the same house on the canal really yeah, so you come down and watersky and and splash my dog
I remember the night we had the cast party from Oklahoma
You do yeah your parents were out of town. Oh, yeah, that was the party. It's a bad party
That was a bad party. I think somebody laced the punch
Yeah, everybody
And then pull the that was everybody ended up in the in the lake
Okay, well Bruce Ernie whatever your name is have a great life. I thank thanks a big fan
They all love Rocky man
They all have great stories to tell but we'll probably never hear him till the book comes out
I was so shy though in high school. Nope. I was a wall flower. Yeah, I swear to God
You seem pretty shy and I'm assuming on that show you seem like a real love, you know
Yeah, I was you know, they that that show made me come out of myself that they because the the cast was
They were all pros and they were and they just choked with me all the time
Both both the men and both the the male leads in the show world
From Cuba. They all they were old act. I mean they were they had worked in it. It goes to Sheryl
I'm glad I got see if we could just wave a magic wand and make you look like you did the 15
What how many years ago was how many years ago? I looked that way
I'm not that you're getting ready to make the big move. I look that way under my clothes. No, you don't
Yes, I've already seen that. I do the nipples. Okay, though
Not about what it would be good if there was another one, but there's only one right in the middle
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, it's celebrity Tuesday. Yes, it is. I've been waiting since before Rimmer
Yeah, I really thank God you held on anyway. I really don't have that much to say that I survived you survived Rimmer and Steven Bauer
I just wanted to be part of your last day here on W at 79th Street great. I live in the neighborhood. All right. Well my condolences
Did you go to school with me? No, I didn't
Congratulations, you're the only one I think
I have a friend who's Cuban who turned me on to that show. Yeah, I had never watched it because I just
assumed it was in Spanish when I saw it in the TV. That was in Spanglish
Which mean like every other word was Engelschen every other word was a spikish. Yes, helped me learn quite a bit
Did you? Yes, and what is it that you learned?
Well, I don't want to repeat it. The Cubans are very repressed and uptight and the hypocrite critical about their sexual behaviors
That what you learned I could have told you that my friend told me that as well
George could have told you that in return. I turned him on to your show
Neil yeah, and he really enjoys it all right
If you could possibly find helplessly hoping he has never heard it. Oh, yeah, and
Krazzy still is nash and yeah also. I'd like to
We're not gonna find that helplessly. What do you mean if I could find it? Well, you used to play it a long time ago. Yeah
Today's definitely the day to be asking for it. Yeah, that all our crap is over and out of the building today
I know I do have a question for your guest
Um, what do you mean by guest? He just well fell in here off the street
Okay, yeah, I was jogging now 79th Street and all the roles I've ever seen out Pacino play
I've never seen him portray any kind of a sense of humor that did he have one? What was he like to work? Oh come on you know you didn't see Scarface
In Scarface, yeah, I got a sense of hysterical. He's got the wildest sense of humor. Do we yeah? I'm amazing
I mean like it's just nonstop he and I were left. There's a there's a there's a joke version of every scene in Scarface every scene Scarface
We we were together like almost 24 hours a day for six months and every scene
We had like 13 versions of it that were just
Improvise and funny. I mean he's he's not afraid. I thought he had a good sense of humor. I'd like to tell you what I'm fishing
I'd like to see them maybe Dick Clark can do one of his bloopers on that or we're gonna one of those you get asked right Brian
Diploma. He's got him. He keeps him in his closet. He keeps all the outtakes. I think that would be nice. He's also got a famous
A famous scene that was that didn't make the film where he put me in a hot tub in Kibis gain in BB Robozos ex house
BB Robozos by the way loves this show. I don't know if you know that or not really even though I'm not too crazy about Dick Nixon
But
I'm filming out on Kibis gain
Alpha Jimbo's out there right with those little painted Shacks some of that was filmed out there. Yeah. Yeah right out there
But we were in this house it wasn't BB Robozos house next story belong to some Colombian
drug business man
Yeah, you said it and
And he put man and it's like four in the morning and he says okay Steve come over here Rocky come here
He goes um these girls
Girls you guys I want you to do this scene where you're in a yeah
Man he's in a hot tub in Jakuzi and
That you're all naked and
And there's some cocaine on the on the on the thing and there's champagne and you know want you all to improvise
You're you're having fun with manny
That was the scene having fun with manny man. He's having fun and and he's a proliferate
I think I'm being to understand how this new manifestation of yours has started to develop all
Scenes that you're supposed to improvise is with the Christopher walking the taking your pants off and now you're
Improvising with some other guy. No, no, no, no, there were ladies
In fact, they were told that they were gonna be in a scene
That they were gonna be a lot of it was gonna be nudity and they were gonna be in a scene with Al Pacino
But what they didn't know is that Al Pacino won't do nude scenes. Yeah. Well who that would want to see that? Oh
God
So they ended up with me and the and the and the Tukuzi and
I know I know for certain that Brian the Palma has that scene in his in his like private collection
Because it was you know, it was ex-rated
Anyway, that's my racy story about Scarface. Oh, thank you
And thank you Neil. Thanks for everything. I've been by for my share of freebies in the past five years great
And I'll continue to call you. Okay. Now you have a little further drive. That's all yeah, okay
Great day, okay, we have an open line of date. We got one in proud. We got two on a green lines
We got Steven Bauer here or one o'clock because I'm gonna save my last hour for myself
The last no seriously one to two is gonna be a very emotional hour. I mean just lose it here
No, I got a one o'clock. I got a meeting down at little river. Do you yeah clean this over?
Here's my Emmy. Hello. Oh comment
Leave it. That's Scarface. Yeah, great nice good good reading pal. You're hired
Open line of date one and brown here's
Weston how you doing Kim? Good afternoon. Yes, sir
Steven I have a question. I just curious how do you resolve
Your Cuban and also this
Dolcrap about the elitist Hollywood or the Hollywood elite
As an actor never said he was a Republican. Well, I just curious say how or your family or your friends
How do you resolve all that? Why do you feel about I resolved it in the episode five of k-possil you say
See the tax on
Not you do the body about all the attacks on the Republicans on the Hollywood. Yeah, it bothers me
Yes, it does it bothers me because uh
Because most of it is just it's ignorance really. I mean uh, you can't generalize you know about the Cuban community
um
You know, I mean there's there's all it takes all types, you know
There's a lot of people making a lot of noise and making fools of themselves and then there's a lot of people who really know what they're talking about and have a lot of passion
In other words what you say is not all old Cubans played dominoes and then not all the Hollywood is just
These people that they keep tickling all the time. Yeah, exactly
So how do you feel about the the growth of the movie industry in south Florida? You still think it's uh, I mean
What kind of vibes you pick is happening? It's gonna happen and uh and a lot of people I was just out in in Los Angeles last week
And uh a lot of my friends are moving here. They're all looking for for real estate here. They're all looking to
To move to here um, I'm starting my production company next to you at 97. I think there's a lot for sale next to Neil out in plantation. Yeah
Yeah, I hope to see you at the games tonight. You bet man. You go counters. Got any tickets for Rocky. I actually I kind of do
I do have an extra ticket, but I'm way out here in western like I said
He'll be there. Thanks. See you tonight. Okay. You get the 10 guesses who this next guy is this next annoying voice
Now let's see if you can guess who this boy is Steve
We segue from mark Jacobs into this huh? Where are we we'd going down
Okay, yeah, man
Yeah, what are you doing? I'm here. I'm I'm I'm not with you
I'm
He's not going on some nose pick and country music station better building Neil. Yes
I said that is called a second. Congratulations. I'm moving to a better building. You are too? Is that the one I'm under building?
No, it's not it's the old magic building
Oh, it's your magic building and sunny left us a few bottles who are half full so we're in good shape
You want to know about that? Oh, I know that laugh. I know. Oh man. I know that laugh
Yeah, well that lap is sort of a synonymous with being it
Anyway, I just call to say you know, I'm enjoying listening to you guys that drive up 75. You're funny. Yeah, where you headed?
I'm going to do a TV commercial at production central in Fort Lauderdale
Another one. Another was a weight loss games that he's into you know what that's all. No, this is a Kindle Toyota car. All right
Now we're surprised something that we can that's got some credibility that's going Cox are you are you still spinning that country crap?
No, I only did that for a couple of weeks just to prove I could are you back on what are you doing?
I'm going power 96 on the weekends and I'm down into the TV show every day. Cox, I miss you. I miss you too, Stevie
And I love you. I love you too. I had fun at your birthday party. Yeah, that was that was nice
That was never all right. Let's keep this part of it off the air guys. All right
See you later. Okay, just on the day we were thought we were getting rid of Cox 1245 at W. I. O. D
Talking entertainment radio
610 W. I. O. D
1248 at W. I. D. Here's Barbara. Hi there. How you doing? I'm gonna go pan through you right
Rocky even
Barbara, I want to
Say that I'm very happy that you're in the midst of a comeback and I'm very pleased for you
And I wish you the best of luck in this comeback. I'm glad you're staying away from South Beach
Gracias, and Neil. I've known Rocky as Rocky and Steven perfect personally and professionally and he's a really a great guy
So Rocky hang in there and stay strong. I'm I'm stronger than ever. Good. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks Barbara. Bye. Neil. See you
Here's four Lauderdale gone. There they are. Hello
Four Lauderdale. Yeah, Neil speak to me. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to ask the question
Working in Scarface with Al Pacino Steve
I just I just been like his last movie with
With Robert and Arrow was he like is loud as he was in that movie
I don't know he seemed like he just was well
Went kind of crazy with Robert and you and that movie they did I forgot what he it's called heat Michael man directly. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I don't know I kind of liked it. I like what he did. I wanted to do that role though. I love that that screenplay
Michael Manroll, but um, no, I mean now is you know he's
You never know where he's gonna go
Scarface, I mean he gets a vision of the character and of you know what the person's like and he just flies
Oh, I think he did a I think he did a pretty good job being you know, you know, spat Cuban, I guess you know
I thought that was a pretty good job. I oh yeah, I don't think uh, I mean I think the whole
character and and I saw that one I was like, uh, I don't know as well as a while ago. I saw when it when it came out like
And I was young and it was a
See anyway scary movie. I thought I mean he was more credible as a Cuban than Robert and Arrow is as a Jew
Oh, well, yeah, right
Yeah, I don't true. It wants to run a time American. Yeah, not a good Jew noodles right
All right, cool once upon a time. Yeah, I'm so good. Um, yeah, and then I just wonder like you know, uh, like if you uh if you like working with him
I loved it. I love that every day was an adventure
uh, he was like a big brother to me and uh
It really took care of me was very very generous
Contrary to what most people think uh, the big stars are like with young with young actors that being my first film
And uh me being considerably taller than him. He never uh he never never upstage me now
He always he always gave me the floor and gave me the you know, he he was great great great
Yeah, how tall is he anyway?
I'm three
I'm tall enough
Well, I mean because I I mean I it's so funny when you talk to my mom when you see some of the the movie stars and
I mean I I remember going to a Panther game and I saw this limousine pull up and
So Vets' to long came out and man, I mean he's not as tall as me. He's not tall at all
Now we hear that he's not too big especially those who've seen that movie
Yeah, you know, he's telling yeah, that's the one. Yeah
Um, and is your real is that your real last name? I mean, it was that just a stage name. All right. We're gonna go over this one more time
Okay
When I was born in Cuba my name was a steve i'm a chevardia like my father like my grandfather
That's what I wanted to hear I just in here when I came to Miami a steve i'm became steve and
Because it's English and then and
Rocky is the nickname my grandfather gave me because when I was born I was 11 pounds 12 ounces and they said I was gonna be the next Rocky Marciano
God you could have been on jury springer
Yeah big baby. Yeah, and uh and then uh bowers is my mother's maiden name
German Jew
Which he came to have and and the third to keep that kind of name and my it was my dad's
My dad's advice when I went to Hollywood. He said you know, I've been flying all over the world for 25 years and
Nobody has ever been able to pronounce a chevardia
And I doubt that they're going to pronounce it in Hollywood
What about with the new the new cover?
This year
And Tony is great and Tony a millennia very happy. I'm very happy for her and
We all get along great and Alexander my son just turned 11. He's in Marbella
What a life and they just he just he just got a little sister and
Tony is a great guy and I hope to be working with them
We we've talked about doing something to three of us
Well great next year. Yeah, like what?
Oh
Uh, you know Rocky Melanie and uh and Tony
Okay, pal. Okay. Thanks. Thanks man
Here's uh Miami. Hello
Rocky. Yeah, man. Do you remember Mani Mendoza? Oh man. Do I you gave me my you gave him my break?
Why
Speak yeah, where do you go? He disappeared. He vanished
She has not he played for the pirates
Mani Mendoza here's Miami on a purple line. Hello
Gone. Mani Mendoza created uh k-pasta USA. Yeah, and he was my sociologist
But that wasn't him. Oh, was that him? It could have been he was using a disguise voice. Okay. Well, maybe it's uh
Maybe he's one of those alpha 66s. Who's on my here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Hello when it's time to this when it's time to date see
Question for your guest there. Yes sir. When uh scot face was originally put together
And I know that that seems to be what everybody's talking about but boy was a great movie and
I'm a part of the cult following and any event
Did you ever think about doing a second or was it ever considered with anybody?
Yes, we did consider it but we looked around and there were too many bodies
Nobody left alive
So it would have been called Elvira because that's the only character that lived
Uh, yeah, man
Everybody has always you know talked about doing a sequel
But again day we all die we all die. That's like godfather everybody's waiting for godfather for but other than Vincent
There ain't nobody left anymore
Vincent Connie very true and forgive my ignorance your character was manny. I assume manny. Yeah, Manolo very good
Manage suit that he's enjoying it many times many times. Thank you very much. Certainly. Okay. I'll read the urge
Here's the hi alia. Hello, uh manny. Yeah, man. Hey man. Let me tell you pro you're one of the best actors
Girls Cubans I've ever put out man. Thank you very much. You're the best in
Next to desi are nes man
What's the name of that movie when you're doing that girl at blondewood on the bathroom and the guy is like tied up watching here
Oh, yeah, that's sweet poison
Sweet it's a USA movie right? Yeah, yeah, USA movies in poison. Check that out. Check that out. Good. Slick man. Yeah, it's it's it's at it's at herman
Ed Herman. He's tied up and he's in he's suffering and he's watching us on the bed and I'm behind her
Hey, let me ask you do you really live on that condo on the beach?
Were you having the commercial, you know? Yes, I did. Oh you do. Yes, I do. Oh, what do you think he's doing the spot?
Little promo you were doing. Yeah. Oh, that's me
Leer at that. Oh, there he is. He's back in. Oh, okay. Okay. Take a breath pal. Okay, those two they're at it again
Here's a call from the alley. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going great?
Man, it's terrible. I can't even see in front of me again. Yeah. Oh, geez. Oh, where's the gators are floating on the alley? Oh, or in the alley
Hey, yeah, yeah, man. How's it going man? Oh, yeah, we met at a 7-Eleven at the slurpy stand
I swear to god I get out of my right that stays hard work. You're getting the correlate cherry mix man
Not just kid that never met you man. I thought it's right. I think good actor Neil have fun in the new studio and
Go Panthers. All right, buddy. Okay, so we're gonna there's not a woman under is there because we had Barbara
But that's like somebody we want on there, but she doesn't want to talk to him on the air. Why not? She wants to talk to him off the air. What line is she on?
To hello
Hello, she ain't gonna talk why not Maxine
Maxine come on Maxine come on speak loosen up sweeten come come through come through
I'm listening. I'm okay
He's out great on the radio. Thanks, babe. You know I listened to Neil Rogers. Oh, thank god. That's right
Maxine my mom calls me on the phone. She's like Maxine Steven's on Neil Rogers
Maxine did you know conditioning man came come yes, he did he did. Yes. I'm still waiting for your breakfast
Okay, you want me to come catch him
I can't believe this I can't believe it's like and I caught I caught a I caught a ride over here because I heard Neil on the air and I said oh my god
I got a catch of me before he moves you know my you have to tell Neil that my message every Monday is ammo and
D.A.Y.S you see K.S. All right
You're came my boy. I see you tennis pro
tennis coach that's what I do great all right Steven when you sound great. Thanks, babe. All right. I talked to you later
Okay, that's it. We're out of time. You're gonna catch a bus now. Is that it? Yes, I am
I'm gonna be a beach high
October 30th
Tongue into the kids right about drugs. Okay great. All right stay off him
Okay, best of luck. We'll be looking for you're a thing in your movie too
Yeah, just an honor of that. I'm gonna go home this afternoon before I go to the hockey game
I'm gonna whip out that old tape and put the loop on yeah exactly. I'm gonna well loop it
Okay, Steven power watch for his stuff and Rocky etch of a re-encaposa USA and when we come back
It's gonna be a tearful one to one
Yes, it will be
Neal's the best. It's gonna be a tearful one to two hour for some talk
Talk in entertainment radio
610
W I O D my any fortnight
I want to do hour and now
Be thoughts
With Michael Jackson
He he
Da
If your penis falls off in a forest and there's no one there to hear it
Doesn't make a sound
Shumma
So here it is 102
At W I D is all things bus all good things all bad things all mediocre things all evil things
They all must come to an end that's right Julia sooner or later
By the way, Jeff DeForest just came in and brought me a beautiful t-shirt the Canada from the
Readers cup up there at Woodbine
Pretty impressive place up there. It's only about 400 miles out of town
So if you take a capital cost you three four hundred bucks to get out there
But it's a pretty impressive joint
But anyway, it's our final hour. It's our big one to two hour the final day in these prestigious studios here
These hallowed halls that have been graced by the greats and ear grates
The Miss Criance the Miss Fitz the Joey Reynolds the Drew Michaels of the world
And here we are and it's only fitting that after a Stephen Bauer and
Jeff Rimmer that I sit here coming to the final hour and there's one lonely call
On the board does this say at all does this tell everything that we need to know
This is so appropriate man your final chance on these lines on these numbers and you know other than these two
Ladies who called in were both like personal acquaintances
No women calling in for Stephen Bauer who you would think that even at this point in time
You think we'd have them lined up one right after the other so give me this below me about we got millions of women out there listening
They don't know from Rocky H.A. Maria from Stephen Bauer. What do they know from what do they know?
What is it that they know
Maybe Ellen DeGeneres maybe that's what they know
Your last chance boy your last chance to get out in the big hour
W.I.O.D.
Deal yes sir
You're the best yeah anyways
Listen
DCI
Moving right along here's the purple line hello
I love it. Yeah
He's a pot. Does he listen to the show?
No, he does not
I'm not talking no more about all these cry babies with their cable problems. We don't care anymore. Okay. It's boring
Unfortunately, I'm one of them, but I'm not calling about that. Yes, sir
We love you, Neil. I gotta tell you. I'm in sales. I'm in and out of my car all day
And my wife's been some crazy because I let's do well. What are the other all the Shino you don't know shot right?
Um, I'll see the numbers are gonna be the same right
No, they're not no the phone numbers will be changed which means you'll have to tune in 10 tomorrow and I'll tell you what they are and
954
Hi, yeah, yeah, what do you mean by that? Oh, there'll be a date number in a Broward number just relax don't go panicking
Don't start hyper ventilating. No area codes, please. Yeah, really
Anyway, just want to do
Let you know that we do love you. Well, thank you so much
All right boss and have an tell your wife get a good life. Yeah, she's uh, she's a home watching the little kid
Yeah, probably yeah, you hope okay, pal
Yeah, what does she know one of these women know see Rocky X Maria Steven borough a heartthrob thief of hearts
Scarpus all these are great movies. They don't know from Rocky's a good guy Steven
We wish him the best we hope he keeps his nose clean
We hope that he makes it big we hope that he makes it but no, no, it was just
Okay, you're so relic kind of a crack is that it wasn't
Just keep digging a deeper and deeper and deeper mister
Because you are the most relentless Julio that's right Julio
But I've ever known in my life you just can't leave it alone
He's a hell of a guy. We're gonna see what the hockey game did I he's gonna make a gigantic comeback
He's okay in our book. I tell you that and if you could only look now like he did 20 years ago
I'm K. Pasa USA. He would never gotten out of this room. I'll feed you that
Here's the crawl springs hello
Yeah, why do you have to be someone's
No thing that Jay why do you have to be so in the song to get a life already?
Will you sounds like Mitch from video waves here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I think you're a crazy maniac. I love you. Yeah. I'm gonna miss you. I live down the street
Oh, I've got five to come with confidence. Yeah. Oh, you live in the neighborhood
Well, no, I don't but I make it a point to come by there. I mean so often try to get in for the old
You know, but I know you can't go in because you know, yeah, you take no gap. So you're the one that's causing us to make the move
Thank you so much. Yeah
But we're good luck in this video and
The love yeah, yeah, it's a lot pal. Have a great life. What is it?
The walls of Jericho came crumbling down and there was the coast and hot 105 left standing and that was it
Just kind of a gigantic vacuum from that spot in us that spot in the hallway
Johnny Dolan won't be taking a leak next to our cold deal anymore right now tell you that never again, man
In fact, you probably won't be too offy long before we take a leak next to anybody in this building anyway
What that be ashamed?
You heard what the steven said Johnny who
Here's a lady at Feskaya hello
Hi Neil how you doing hi, I'm a lady and I try to call the one boss coming so I had to hang up
Oh, okay, and when I was at you, I'm in a theater department. There was a semi-shrine. Steven bar really
Yes, and we all stood there and knelt at his valter every day all right, we think he's great
And it's great to hear him be coming back. He's a good guy. Yeah. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Okay, sweetheart. Bye. Bye
If all you women out there would just work for bosses who weren't so damn uptight
Do it understand that you have to take 20 30 40 50 an hour an hour and a half a minute out of your day to talk to hang on hold and
Talk to us on this show, which is a lot more important than whatever a bum fork business
You're pretending to be doing over there, but hey, they just don't get it
Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello
Hey Neil now that you're moving are you gonna have me? Sounds like what do you do me?
We have an open line on the purple line at pound. I've decided just like then it sound just like what are your twin brothers?
Sounded exactly what I came to me. Yeah, yeah, we're never gonna be that desperate my friend
And by the way the good news is on the 800 lines in the new building
We got call return on nose call trace call return call your Uranus on the 800 lines
So you won't be able to play that scam no more. Okay, what do you know you other? Ojan provocateur. I'm going
Here's Ken. I sure hope Woody ain't Jewish, but I'm afraid he might be here's Kendall. Hello
Yes, sir, how's it going buddy? Great. Oh the power just went on my house. That's great
Where do you you're in Kendall? Yep. Ah, you're not missing nothing
Hey, I want to ask you a question. There you have Stephen on the line there. Who was that girl Maxine? That was his girlfriend
That's the tennis lady. Oh the tennis lady. Yeah, because I was in another car. I mean she may be batting a few balls around
But I don't think that uh Steven's connected with Maxine. Yeah
Oh, well, I just like to say our congratulations getting out of the building and
Hope you have a good life for the new building and back to you and I'll be listening to you. All right. Can I help you?
What's that?
Now here's the guy you know something you don't
I've never heard him. My buddy's over here to tell me about it. I want to let me just ask you something
If is anybody ever said to you that you have psychic abilities?
Right, you're about to play? No, no, but the fact is that I had lost the disc. Okay, that it was on right and I for about a week
It's been missing and I thought I wasn't going to be able to play it again until November 1st
What are best of CD because it's on there and during the one o'clock news break or a commercial break
I was digging through the copy file and what do you think I found?
You just break sacred. How do you like that? So take two and call me in the morning. All right. Uh can I call some a douchebag? Yeah
Oh
You're just that's right Julio crazy you guys with how come this damn thing won't queue up now
I got the disc in there. Oh, please don't tell me that there's been an evil spell put on this, huh?
Oh my god, would that would that be something or what huh Jesus Christ for extra strength dexedron when you're getting crucified
The last thing you need is a headache
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sins weighing on your shoulders
Then some fucking gladiator sticks a spear in your side. Yeah, Jesus Christ that hurts
So in this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head
That's when I reach for dexedron
Well, I uh, I don't reach for it. Hey anybody got any dexedron
Hey, Judas could you throw a couple into my mouth?
Come on. I'm the savior for Christ sake extra strength dexedron
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear that should be our worst thing to worry about Adam
Adam was just giving me a little lesson in life here
It's uh 10 after one we got 49 minutes and 38 seconds left in the building, but who's counting?
And
Quite frankly, uh, I thought it was gonna be a very emotional hour
I thought it was gonna be like choked up here
I thought I'd probably be gagging and unable to speak and you know something it's a piece of cake
In fact, I'm starting to get a big smile on my push
I'm starting to feel this enormous sense of relief
So we will take the K off that marquee. Thank you
And we'll send a wrong message back at you
Here's a call from Lake Worth that's gone. I believe was it on seven long gone. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you hear a man just today? No, I did not
He admittedly he said some people are stupid and I'm stupid
You gotta get it on tape. Yeah
Is that is that a bulletin or what? I know right anyway, uh, but you got it on tape for proof
Uh, can I call someone to do his bag?
We have an open line on the uh, in date 7519 463 two of them 751 WYOD
It's a 12 after one at WYOD attack in entertainment radio
16 WYOD
Okay, 114 at WYOD we got one open line and Broward if you'd like to be part of our final hour from this building
And like I said for the average listener out there for the average schmuck on a street for the average Joe who just kind of passing through life
That's not a lot of significance because we're still going to be on the same spot on the dial
We're still going to be doing the same crap. We're still going to be around and life goes on but
We won't be here
So while it doesn't mean much to you especially like if you're not familiar with this part of town
If you're not familiar with the drive that some of us make to this joint every day except for Adam who lives across the street
And it'll be good to get him out of the neighborhood
Maybe you'll understand there's more to life than the 79th street causeway
And the pill doctor
Here's a mobile and curl spring. Hello
Hey Neil how you doing great
Good. I'm John round in the rain and just wanted to let you know light up with a stogie for that last hour
Um, and also I just want to say I saw a hand class night
The hammer yeah, and uh, is there any way you can get him on the atkins?
He is looking big man. Yeah, he's on the scatkins right now. It's a matter of fact
Okay, how come this thing ain't queuing up is there some special reason that the equipment is our last day and everything is our last day
And we have a little bit of a problem. I did obviously the iode engineers the new ones are listening with great interest as they
And probably amusement as
Just we can't get through the last 44 minutes and 13 seconds. Not that I'm counting my jet
I want you to get the idea that I'm like looking forward to this momentous occasion there. We go nice going
Thank you so much Cox broadcasting
Here's a lake worth hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Congratulations on your last day. Thank you. I had a
One night when I was driving home at two o'clock in the morning when they were playing you know rerun at night
They had a bid on that I'd never heard played during the day
And I figured probably because it was so obscene
About Harry ball
Yeah, that is that's not obscene. Well, I mean, I didn't have you ever played it during the day
Yeah, what is the name of that thing? I know what you're talking it went on and on for a long time
But it was hilarious. Yes, grow them. That's the name of that. That's not obscene. Oh, okay. Well
In fact, I might just have
Scroed them over here now that not's not in there like I said you're out of luck today
But I have a feeling I know just where to find them. That was that was great. I know that during the day
Absolutely
In fact, I'm pretty sure that's on our best stuff for me their last year of the year before I would bet a lot of two or three dollars on it
okay
Well have fun in the new place and sorry
You won't be able to trip over Sally Fitz's devices on your way out into parking lot bad. We's not included man
And let me just close by saying Caesar and the entire world and my dad who now likes Ron and Ron better than you
Is a douchebag your dad likes Ron and Ron better than me. I got a message for your dad
I'd Sally Fitz would say
Take it up your ass
Have a great day pal
Okay, we have an open line of brown art five. Oh, I'm giving that number out again
I promised I wouldn't do that plus we don't want to confuse these people because we got brand new numbers starting tomorrow in our new building
brand new numbers
Which we don't know yet
What we do know but we don't want to get over involved. Okay, see I think what it is you guys got this you just don't understand
Some people did not participate in the move or have it at least to this point because they don't want to be in the way
Isn't that a good that's a I think I just came up with a very good alibi for people have been at conspicuously absent and uninvolved in this gargantuan project the bars
They don't want to get in the way because when you come right down to it. What are they going to contribute anyway?
So stay out of the way
Although being in a prone position, you know, unless you step it on somebody here's Miami Beach. Hello. I live and work down the street
So it's understandable. Oh my god. I wish you goodbye. Oh, bro. See you see you another time
Take it easy. Have a great life pal
Didn't realize we had so many listos right here in the neighborhood
Of course if they've only got an a-m radio they probably can't pick up any other signal on a dial
We got a good captive audience within about a two-three block radius
Which is my favorite toothbrush or one of my least favorite colors
That's right Julio
We left some great cards around here just for these closing shows make no mistake about that
Especially that one where Rick snatches hovers over Sally and in the prone position
Dressed up as a paramedic
Was he just dressed up?
A lot of stories by the way by how Rick snatches used to dress up
But he used to do the early morning news on channel seven and I'm not joking about that. I mean really dress up
But they're just stories
Here's Kendall on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Yes, sir
I just wanted to say for those people that aren't familiar with Florida that sunny Florida
Miss my ass. It's not actually happening. I'm driving through a tsunami. Oh
My god
When is this gonna end already ain't it the 8th of October?
Boy
Good no go already. Oh, I just want to pass on a major leak
Jewish bag to my boss slash advisor
John okay, thank you sir and have a great life. Okay, I went it down try it on
So it's the end of the world again, and you know something it's fitting isn't it?
It's appropriate that on this last day in the building
We should have to drive home through like at the end of the world. That's the way you'd expect it to be
I mean a nice bright sunny day would like a nary you know would like very little traffic
That wouldn't be you'd never remember that
But driving home with the dark dank real black clouds and with the claps of thunder and lightning and with the rain
Just pouring down and with sitting water like two three feet. It's like coming to work this morning
There were two traffic lights out on 119th
Or whatever the hellster 135
Or third or two whatever was two traffic lights out and congratulations to the fhp
Maybe they finally did something good. They were directing it nice going guys
Here's Tamarack hello
Tamarack Neil yes, sir. Oh, yeah, I just wanted to know. I don't know if anybody asked the question. I doubted
Tonight are they also going to broadcast the banner being raised on TV?
Oh, I would think so because I think well, I don't know about that because I'm you know sports channel Florida has the pregame
What time channel 33 starts with a thing? I don't know
Well, it's looking in the TV got it. What time what does it say? It's a 730 for 33
Yeah, but the channel the sports and you have sports channel Florida
I hope well, I that would be the one I watch because I would be almost betting money at seven o'clock
They'll have a pregame thing on here. Well, I hope so of course. I didn't get tickets
Right because everybody wants to see that yeah, I mean, I think it would be great
Is it all type of VCR going in everything right places gonna go nuts? All right, Neil. Thanks anyway. Okay
Yeah, we'll find out about that for you somebody
You'll call let us know what time that sports channel Florida thing which I'm praying and I'm sure I'm positive
That Ned Smith will show his ugly post on air at around seven o'clock. We got all the festivities on here
I hope of course we will or not two open lines and Broward of course and two on the green lines
And now I understand we got the end of the world out there on the outside. That's no excuse
Just because you're gonna get electrocuted when you pick up the phone. Hey, does that does that show me that you really care a lot
Here's hi Alia. Hello, Neil man. That's exactly what happened to me man. I was on my cordless
I was already on hold for like 20 minutes and boom out wow
So listen Fettici out his man on your last hour last show man
Listen dude, it does look like the end of the world out here in hi lia man. Yeah, I mean it is like totally flooded
I would I would choke a chicken and just to be sure. I'm telling you man just to be on the safe side man
Hi lia has no runoff man the water is like almost to the door man. Yeah, it's crazy man
All right, Neil man. I do it every time and closing man, especially since this is your last show
See a man
Mean
We have an open line in day
It's 7519 463. I did give the number out because I feel compelled to do it since we have like 38 minutes and the 37 minutes and 33 seconds
Not that I'm counting but and I feel that at this stage of the game and this at this point in my life in this point in the show
It's totally inappropriate that we should be giving any numbers out that we should have any open lines
I think it's probably in a front to me
It's a personal slap and the post but I'm very much used to it and who cares
Because the checks do come on time from our friends up the street and that's all we care about
Here's the lady in Miami Springs. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Great. I'm calling to ask the stupid question
Are you getting help panties tickets for tonight's game?
We have two open lines in day 7519 463 751 W I O D
We have two on the green lines one eight hundred nine four four
We'll talk a little louder for you people up there in Palm Beach. What's the 54 59
The weather channel. I think it's the 59 on this system here
We are gonna miss we thank our friends at Gold Coast cable. We thank our close personal friend Gabe Baptiste of
MTV Latino and his very good-looking brother
We thank them profusely providing us with a tremendous amount of entertainment on his channel
It almost nobody else gets on her cable, but trust me when I tell you they've got the good videos on air baby
Individual storms within the line. We're uh, oh my god racing north look at it. Look at this
We got a red thing at the bottom of the screen 30 to 40 miles an hour out there
It's the end of the world and like I said early in the show when I went through a little monologue
Here we sit at this cloistered studio
No windows to the outside world totally out of touch with reality
Boy, this is a damaging winds and excess of 55 miles an hour
Very very heavy rain and deadly lightning it says
Are all possible?
Possibly is what it says with these storms
Seek shelter give me shelters what it says in a strong building
Like that building over there on the 79th street cause where we understand they got a lot of empty room now
Stay away from windows which we don't have the windows in here. Thank the Lord do not use phones do not
Use electrical appliances do not eat grapes do not eat potatoes do not eat pizza do not eat cookies
Remember how you picked that one grape off the bunch the fruit was sitting in the thing and she's reading the list in
The fan so of all the things you can't eat and just as he's about to pop the one little grape do not eat grapes
And Dom Deleway's looks at it with that sorrowful look and
You know where he puts it
So the world is coming to an end out there bullet and immediate broadcast see now that we don't like we have a real
I mean with all the respect to one who does a great job. He's a super guy does you know
But we basically are like in a goldfish ball looking on the outside
We don't like not really on top of these things because we feel that most people listening to this station are morons
Anyway, and they don't care if the world's coming to win end
They're too interested in humor and farting sounds in occasional belcher to in buttload and um a maha bone and back at you and douchebag and
Barber buoy and important fashion plates like that
As opposed to crap like is the world coming to win end when we have a horrendous storm are the roads all backed up and things like that
We don't care about that
Oh, here's my scott my long guy. No, what is that? Oh, I see he's on a mobile. So we better get to him. Yes, God
Hey Neil. How you doing? I was just thinking about you this morning. Yeah. Yeah, well, we're hiding now with the weather
We're all we're all under a tree somewhere. I bet you'll be at that game tonight though. I will be at the game tonight
Great I'll come down to you all my sudsberry woops
Sure jersey on great, and I will be down there. You still sitting same section
Same section where you came into the summer night. Yeah, I thought you were gonna move. What do you mean by that?
Well, we're giving him that I mean that was the next edition game
We're gonna give him a cut him a little slack on that
But tonight's the real thing and we'll see how these people
We'll see what the ambiances tonight. Okay. Well come down. Can you hear the couple of intermissions?
We're gonna get there early get in my ass in the seat and
Watch this opening ceremony. Well bring your ass on down. I will okay. Scott. All right
Thank you. All right that's got our lawn man who comes by the house like once every not often enough
I'll tell you that there's a fine young man
There's a fine man if everybody in the world could be just like him
I mean exactly like him. Maybe with a little less facial hair
This would be a hell of a world to live in. I'll tell you that suds Coleman's in the building
He's very emotional about this final day's doing an Indian rain dance and obviously it's working
Everybody is really pumped up around here. That is everybody who's leaving those who are not gonna be leaving
Of course, they're walking around with a long said push no more free food dammit
That's right. There probably some people downstairs who're gonna be missing all those free fun fact
I wouldn't be surprised I hate to say this because we love Wendy Bennett next door at the coast
I wouldn't be surprised if they have to start feeding her intrepid
Venusly
Very very soon because we're I've been keeping her alive for like eight years now
Just a little chicken soup here in there a little piece of a meal over here a little snack of a piece of meal over here
and that's it
And that's the only thing that's kept one to go and especially now during these really depressing days when she has to follow jade
And spend most of her spare time making up all those derogatory pictures and the sayings and writing all those
Which she loves doing by the way in fact she said that's the only thing that's gonna keep her don't go and is ragged on jade
Dolan's ass 24 hours a day
Nice go on Wendy. We love you
128 at w.y.o.d. Let me
Min radio 610 w.y.o.d
When this quarter back it's lonely
He likes receivers that are why
Okay
Some people say that number eight is gay
They say Troy loves the big brown eye
Ackman
He goes down on his knees and he's a man
It's guys he likes to please ackman
He loves to slap cowboys on there behind
You jacked out
He's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
But is Troy gay
I've heard some people say
In the heart will he goes down ackman
He goes down on his knees ackman
I can't some balls to squeeze ackman
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind
Lot 34 w.y.o.d on his momentous day of our daughter's wedding on his Tuesday man
We're the world and I think the cleansing rains I think once we get moved in the studio
I'm not I'm no meteorologist. I'm no Bob Lee for the weather man. I'm no
Forecaster, but but I think that all of this has been like the heavens washing away
The sins of the cocks people and paving the way for a new beginning and a new life and a new era and a new
Sounds good, don't I don't believe it, but it sounds pretty good
Here's a pember pines hello
Hello me yes, yes
Hey, listen um two questions. Oh, man
If you could see the green thing on a weather map right now that I'm looking at oh god
I thought it was red or pink. There's a it's yellow and red and pink and purple and the green and the weather map too
Yeah, well, I think it's appropriate for you last day. Yeah
Listen two questions I have seriously talked about radio I need your expertise for a second. Yes
A couple of months ago asked George on your worldwide web page that you guys don't have the audio thing hook up
Where if you're anywhere in the country? I don't know if George members in real audio you mean yeah real audio right
In your new studio. There's a packs and have that thing hooked up yet George what's the story?
I know George is hacking a chat with is the real audio thing that'll be hooked up
Immediately if not sooner or what with the packs and people on the web real audio
I think you know
What i'm talking about. No, he's not a question for our program director. Oh, oh, I see
Well, okay, well, since it's our program director makes his presence known or whereabouts or
You know me a few months ago that cost us to keep to do that. I just
Well, let me tell you this if if cost is the you know a determining factor. Yeah
I guarantee you it'll be on there because the packs and people are sparing no expense super
You know if you can pass along I mean, I mean then you can be anywhere in the country live for you
Well, see that's the that's the whole idea of being on the web if you're in a radio biz because then people get to sample
And then you put your call in numbers on there and then you get cost from people all over the world and it becomes a lot of fun
It it means something other than just having a bunch of stupid stuff on there. Well, I mean now in that
But I mean if you can't get if you're not simulcast another radio market
You know people who live here at move somewhere else can't at least hear you over the internet that'll be nice also
Excellent point listen now one more thing before I go don't you think it's appropriate for these jerk offs out
They're listening to go screenless rest of the hour
Yes do it neo do it okay good luck buddy see ya
Okay, now he says that of course we have all the other lines lit at the moment
So I guess he probably knew that most everybody is psychic at the moment
We all have these very good sidekick vibrations
And we do have an open line of pride so let him ring okay the rest of the air will just pick them up
Of course we might not get to any of them, but that's okay take your chances all right
And of course if you're lucky it's like Russian roulette if you're lucky
I won't pick it up and then you won't get electrocuted
No, I'm not the ball player oh
God what a letdown yeah
Well, I'm sure that don't take it well don't take it personally what I mean you can imagine my excitement when I look on the thing there and it says
Alex Rodriguez and it turns out to be this Alex
Yeah, but we'll settle for for you hey close but no cigars, huh right
There's our field to never never ever have to drive
That's 79th street again. Oh here's our walking peanut. I mean here's the Alex the board up
You could still say that now or do you get a way to say you can say walking paint? I can say walking peanut
Why didn't I literally say it anyway? I know that it was some stupid caller. They just didn't like you that's all
I just I think that was a lot of fun here already
So how are you doing now? I'm doing great Alex. How are you?
Yes, sir we got 22 minutes and 40 seconds that that I'm counting I got what I said we've got 22 minutes and 36 seconds
That that I'm counting well hey, you know sounds like a long time to me
That's right Julio
So you had Rocky on there earlier huh? Yeah, we did have Rocky. He was pretty good
He is one hell of an actor man. He's a good guy. He is a good guy. He always comes up and gives me a good hug
I get a little feel area. You know, it's a very emotional thing when we get together. I love him. He's a good guy
I'm sure I'm sure it is I'm sure I would have known him about 15 20 years ago. Oh god
So you wouldn't have to wait so long for his new experiences right right yeah, but anyway
You're gonna be working across the street from my girlfriend. Yeah right across the street from
Atlas Pen and pencil and so she can send us a bunch of free pens and crap that could be good
But George is gonna try to hit on her. So I'm not too
Happy about that. Yeah, he kind of likes her
Well listen, I wouldn't be disappointed. He's got a long list. You know, he's got plenty of uh
Of course, Anna Marie is gonna be stuck here in the building. So I guess that's one less. She'll have to worry about right
So you know she doesn't make house calls. He's got room for another one. Right. Oh man
And of course Miriam is gonna be going with us
He's gonna be the trim lady
I'm sure we'll follow us around and he where we go now
That's gonna be a little problem George. You don't think that Roy's gonna get upset if I get a haircut in that studio
Do you oh man?
Whoo? Yeah, I heard it's a real high-tech studio
Oh, they don't uh, they're you know how these engineers are they're very nervous when they put something brand new together like that
Like all of us slabs are gonna slab her all over in there. Hey, does Mitch ween still freak out about the readings?
Yes
Oh, I got another call buddy. Okay, Alex. I love your show, but I have a great life now. We'll see you soon
He had another call. I was good just in time. We have an open. Oh, that's right. We're doing screenless
W-I-O-D. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, good luck on the move, man
Thanks. I'm listening to Ron a lot more. I like
Great good
Everybody should be happy now and then we're gonna get our new guy on at night if that ever happens in a week or two
And then we'll have like maybe a real radio station here. Yeah, it should be nice
So you guys are gonna enjoy that good equipment over there. Get all the carts you cut up, man
You you just wait man. I mean tomorrow course, you know, we inaugurate it
But it's still gonna take us at least a couple of weeks to get everything. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you'll get it all organized because we got
You'll have it wired right. All right. Hey, remember that smelly bitch that called yesterday. Yeah, you know you should have called her
Yeah
See you buddy. Okay
He didn't really say that didn't he was doing so well up until that point
Uh, we have an open line of Brad redoing screenless with a call that are like a not-a-holded etc. What is that?
Some way one last lighty right. Yeah, I gotta get lighty right and look at that look at the uh
Oh see I even know the faxes just by the machine. You know what I'm saying just by the uh logo on a machine
Oh look it look at turn on 59 real quick you won't you won't get there in time 59 at the weather map at the radar
Oh, and the cells man the real yellow cells even saw foos never saw cell like that look at that it's appropriate that it's mucus color
Wow
Oh
In fact that what that one on the bottom there just over the northeast part of it looks like a Roberto Alamar self
Oh man is that moist
Go get him tonight Roberto Roberto. I will be at 16 home runs against the anchors in every game just to pith them off
Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, it looks like that game might be rained out tonight. You think so yeah, the other guys look
I'll look at the sand as you're looking at uh or raining cats and dogs up there in New York and New York
That's good because we're not interested anyway
We got the Panther game so that'll give us a chance to watch tomorrow when we don't have no Panther game one
I on the game or one I on the hockey game right this is pretty exciting
Stay Lewis and the land obi thumb pump Yankee to Baltimore my two favorite teams. Yeah, so we can't lose on that okay
It's you know, it's funny. It's fitting that your last day there with this big storm
Yeah, oh, I'm looking at this weather map. I mean the timing couldn't be better
Okay, just in time for my drive up the Hershey highway
This green and yellow mung is covered all a daydbroward in Palm Beach and into the keys
I mean there's nowhere to go to get away from it. Yeah, it's going. There's that to behind it
You know you're watching I mean as soon as if that thing is whipping through your fast. Well, thank god for that
So if you're gonna whip it do it fast. Hey, what are you gonna do with that tombstone over there?
You're gonna take that with you. Oh, no, we're leaving it. That's our that's our parting shot. I guess I ought to put a WIO D2
Still there along five of it that good idea. Okay. I'll I'll pay for it
That'll be great. Okay. All right, deal. Have a good one. All right. Bye-bye
Talk to you tomorrow with those brand new numbers which of course those numbers are
yet to be we know what they are we don't know do we know
We'll get those as soon as we get this whole thing organized you have no fear
Okay, because we got people who are taking the bullcrap by the horns and you bet
Here's Pemberk Pines on the purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I also am too a landscapeer like your buddy Scott
Okay, is over. I would think so and I also am going to the game tonight great
Well, at least one thing this stuff's gonna blow out of here before that game before everybody starts the drive
I hope so. Oh god. Terrible and covered Pines right? Yeah. Oh anyhow good luck on your move Neil
And hopefully we'll see you tonight. Thanks a lot pal. Hope answers. Okay
Yeah, tonight's the big night the Panthers and Arrangeers and of course we haven't heard anything
So I'm assuming that Messier is not gonna get suspended. He will play and needle nose Gretzky
And that old Samuel sin with that big shieldy that face shield that he wears that miserable obnoxious backstabbing sweet
He'll be in there and I got a feeling we're gonna really kick their ass
I just hope we keep our cool including Eddie come on Eddie just calm does tone it down just a little bit Eddie just get a grip baby
But we'll be all right. We'll you know see one thing about this team that that's why the Panthers are a lot like me
Okay, they don't take any crap from anybody
That's my philosophy in life and that's their philosophy too
In fact, I told Doug McLean when they named him head coach. I said you just follow me pal
I'll make out the lineup card and I'll look pass you along all our good advice and just tell your guys don't take any crap from anybody
And he said yeah, and that was that
Talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
You know, pass all my hangover. Yeah, I need to put down
I hate this closet problems. Yeah, I just bought a new flannel shirt, but I can't
Furn it in with the other 86 in there. Well, I've got the answer. You do
It's the Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer. Yeah, I think I heard about that who hasn't
Let's face it when you're trying to keep everything including your sexual preferences in the closet
It can make things messy. Well, I'll say and no matter whether you're looking for extra space for your hers and hers towels
Running out of room for all your Melissa Etheridge and Katie Lang CDs or trying to organize your collection of books
Which way the Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer is the best way to keep your hang up straight until you're ready to go out and public with them
That sounds great and the Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer is easy to assemble all you need is some strap on hardware
No screws Ellen DeGeneres. I love you man
The Ellen DeGeneres out of the closet organizer another fine product from Dutch boy
Two things. Okay 149 at W I O D
Just keep pushing and kneeling and yenting. Okay. Just keep pushing away. That's the way to get the answers out of that guy
You know what I'm saying? That's right Julio. Here's Pompano. Wait a minute. Here's Pompano right over here. Hello
Gone Pompano be gone like I said hello. Hey Neil you gonna get fresh material. No same old style craft. Yeah, blow it out your ass
Okay, there's our first call from inside from the Cox people
Here's the Miami hello
Okay, sir
Plug for what from my business
Okay, let's go to Wellington. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir honest momentous occasion. I feel there's only okay. Let's go to sunrise. Hello
Sunrise I don't know okay
Never mind Cox. Oh, it's finally Cox. Boom. Hey man. Hey
You know, once last semester. Yeah, I will buff on Google. It seems fitting
Okay, and I wish I had the CD here, but you have to wait till tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Okay. Don't have it here, man
But back to you. You know what we really ought to play absolutely positively before we get out of here. I would think
So there's a rubber going around the next door is Jewish
Alex Bennett Steve Kane Nick Lauren Scotting shape in Mike Gora Scott Schwartz Herman and McBean
Gayle Bright Coleman Chandler Sandy B. L. A. Bullwerz and Gwen Wild Steve Stasel. Don't forget Bill wise
Sherry Mahoney Johnny Dolan Aileen F. D. M. M. Iskobal and Hummel Stan Major Darcy McIntyre
The prize very Larry Pond will come he thought Sharon Francis Joan Hans sister squeeze you land the parapar
We can't forget the people
Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them they used to work beside us
Even though this time they made us lose our minds and we barrel wick Alprentine being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny darken Joseph Gackie
Hank Goldberg Mc Green Marvin woman
Stephanie Lewis Quinn and we're just don't forget between
These aren't all the people
Who are still here working and Neil still working
We are all just people
For our out there giving just to make a living
I would like to exterminate rabbits
What's up Doc
And we're out there giving just to make a living
We are all okay 151 a W.O.D. as you go down that list
You don't find too many names of people who are still in this building course there was one in there that does
That speaks for itself
W.O.D. on the purple line
Pop and boy yes, so okay W.O.D.
Yeah, okay, of course, I'm voting how's it going okay?
I just wanted to say something to print them minus out there
Okay, give them a call W.O.D. Hi. Hi. Oh, well, I'm looking forward to hearing the first half hour tomorrow
With Bated breath because she won't have any colors for half an hour. Why is that well? We won't know what the number is
Well, don't you think I'll give the number like right off the bat
Oh, I hope so I hope so in addition to which I'm used to not having colors the first half hour anyway, so that won't be anything new
There's slow starters here
Well, listen um enjoy your new building
Looking forward to calling you there
When you dial this number will that little thing go so you have the new number? I need well you'll you'll let us know
Okay, all right, I'll do that. That'll be a homework assignment. Okay, let us know what talk to you tomorrow
Let us know what they tell you I will talk to you. Okay, sweetheart
It's a date W.I.O.D.
Neil
Yeah
Neil how many cars did you have to move?
How many what cars did you have to move to the new studio about 1200 wow what a collection
Yeah, and you're gonna have a nice ride there down 95 every day. Yeah, beautiful. That's a beautiful road to travel
Yeah, and good luck and thanks
Okay, you know Steve Steve a bar call back in there. I thought it like an hour was enough Steve come on cut the crap
It was great having you here, but W.I.O.D. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey
First of all, you're a guy. Yeah
This
Rick and do good
On the afternoons. Who is it? Rick and sub and the afternoons. Yeah, I've heard of them. Yeah
What's this number bit?
Can I quote somebody a good friend of yours worst talk radio ever heard?
Rick and Sud. Yeah, okay. I'll pass it along
W.I.O.D
On the other side is Joey Witchner's brother and I just want to say God created all what there is
Haha
All right
He's still around man. They shot him 85 times and he's still alive
W.I.O.D. and God said let there be a lightning round right
Uh, I guess and here it is W.I.O.D.
Oh coward in Palm Beach coward
W.I.O.D. Yeah, yeah only if
Right excellent. Okay, of course to show you they got a good memory number one and number two
We still got a few people around here for more than five minutes ago
Sometimes you have your doubts about that like they all got laws like they all went on some kind of a mission somewhere like the
All got religion or not as the case may be
Hey, there's Phil Costin in there who was uh came into bid farewell to the building. He's kissing the walls. He's uh
Right in graffiti everywhere he can find some room
Just like Henry Barrow said earlier in the show
He said there's the one man who's got more stories than anybody else. Do you want?
There's nobody else nobody else has seen him come and go like Phil Costin did and now it's his turn
Because as they say at Cox Broadcasting it's not a question of if it's a question of when
So hang on to that Vaseline jar real tight
W.I.O.D. Bring black to that net W.I.O.D. Hey, what's up? How you doing?
Oh, how you doing? Uh now that you're moving you're gonna have a little bit of signal
Uh when we get that new transmitter man. All right, it's gonna be pump. We're gonna be pumping it
And the signal too
I doubt it. What is it? I hope you could do it. Phil Henrag got your downers that
Owned by Cox
What am I? Is it owned by Cox? It's owned it's owned by us, but we don't got no time. Oh first thing tomorrow, man
First thing tomorrow morning. All right, Neil good luck. You got it
Maybe W.I.O.D
W.I.O.D. Neil yes, yes, sir. I'm moving too. Where you going? I got to go to Raleigh
North Carolina
permanently
Oh my god, but wow as I told my former employer kiss my butt and have a nice life. Okay. Good luck to you, sir back to you pal
All I thought by the door, but it was gonna be my favorite coast person
Hey, he's right behind you. I know it. I could smell him from here
How did I know that?
And we're now that he just go
What is it? They're not allowed in here anymore
Yeah, we got a new rule the coast people are allowed in here anymore. Right. We just made the rule
Oh, that's if you had Johnny, he'll say goodbye right sure too by the way Johnny when you got to change it
Should we do one more? Should we learn not press our luck because we're what see I never know what time we're ending on these things
But who cares at this point for really cares
So I think that basically wraps it up
It's with very mixed emotions and I'm gonna get my canoe out like I said before if I had to get a canoe at ours
And that's the only way to get out of here would what be well worth it and have the price no problem whatsoever
So we wish all the best to some of the people in this building and to the rest of the cocks people cocks a hoist
