Now back to Rick Suds and Neil.
Now did you install it, just put it in there or did you configure it also?
What does that mean?
I configure it also.
You have to configure it also.
Did you configure it also?
There's like a gateway number, a DNS number, a second, it's a pay to the bought a secondary
DNS number and they gave you the instructions.
Now they know instruction, the numbers, I have all those numbers but at no point did it ever
ask to put those in.
I went through the whole, well were you going to stick it?
You got to, oh brother.
In the modem.
Oh it is, it's a pain in the butt.
You got to go what he did was get net scape, I spent six and a half hour and I don't know
why I must have been a really extra boring day but I spent six and a half hours.
Because you get locked into the stomach and into the web.
Getting into the web to work.
And then I finally realized that which one was it?
It was on AOL, no it was on Compuserve.
Instead of doing all that dill and around and downloading the web browser and then it doesn't,
all you got to do is just go up there and stick your damn address in here on the thing and it was on Prodigy, that's what it was.
And that's it.
In Prodigy.
Right.
Prodigy is really easy access.
It's a Prodigy sucks but it's easy to get in.
And it's limited service and it's real slow.
Yeah it is slow.
So if you get, if you invest 40 bucks in net scape, in the box.
Right.
It'll tell you exactly how to do it, where to put this stuff in and once you're up and running you won't have to touch it.
You can just click on it and dial it right away.
Well I'll just call this guy in Monday. He's a luck me his number.
I mean the price was right.
I mean I have him do it for you but there's a lot of configuring that you have to do and you got to set up D&S.
And I don't even know what they all are but if you have one thing out of place it doesn't fly.
Does it connect?
It just says cannot stay up to protocol and you're out of here.
So that's what happened.
And I think this was a snap.
I mean I did everything you know no problem.
Yeah.
Computers they are.
He's a crap like I take that thing and stick it in the bottom of the pool.
So we have lines open and date 751.
Well seriously it's an end and then then I was talking to somebody about me because I have a 486 okay.
Yeah.
And I was thinking about maybe going out and getting a new one.
Right.
And then they said well you don't know because of course the new one will have Windows 95 and it's going to take you a while to get comfortable with that.
And you got to get the new keyboard and you're going to be like.
You don't have to get any new keyboard it won't take you a while at all.
It's much friendlier.
It's much better to use than Windows.
Everybody said see Adam you haven't even tried it.
I played around Windows 95.
Do you have it on your computer?
Who's did you use?
My mom has 95.
Well you don't just stop by you get comfortable with it.
It's a lot better than regular Windows believe me.
A lot respect.
It's easier to use.
It's more.
It's almost like an apple.
It's like new coke.
It's just the same product repackage and it's still a lot more.
It's not wrong.
Absolutely wrong.
It's much more logical.
It's easier to get around.
It's easier to figure stuff out and it's much better.
What you ought to do is get a Pentium 166 with all that crap installed.
Yeah.
You would love it.
It's much faster.
It'll make it seem like you were just sitting there just waiting forever to do things that this thing just does instantly.
There's nothing like downloading one of these web browsers and you know 36 minutes.
Yeah.
And you go back in the other room and you watch TV and then you come back and you keep looking.
At one point it got interrupted.
That was my favorite.
Oh no.
But at least I was able to get back into file and just resume as opposed to start from scratch.
It was like 60% done.
Right.
And then you go back and you can finally it gets all done.
And then you go to use it and sorry you have to have an integrated web browser to get into that.
Right.
And I just downloaded one.
Well, too bad.
But don't get used to it.
You have to have it to use it to set it up.
Well, I can't set it up.
That's right because you don't have it.
Yeah.
Right.
But I just downloaded it from their free software.
I just downloaded the mother scratch.
You're okay.
I just took 36 minutes of my life running back in and out and looking to make sure everything was you know,
prophesetic and listening to all that you know for half an hour.
Right.
And then oh sorry.
That's sorry.
Life of computers.
Last night I went to know what I got in there on prodigy and I realized how easy it was to do whatever the hell I wanted.
But it's limited.
It's limited.
It's limited but at least you know, you can't do whatever you want.
You can't get to like the good stuff.
You know, prodigy sets are true at all.
No, they don't.
That's what I hear.
Are they sure they didn't censor what I found in there?
There was naked guys wrapped in a lip lock.
Really?
Yeah.
A lip lock down.
I don't want to say what was in there.
Not that.
That was the one I was looking for.
Well anyway, I went at Adam's looking for it.
See, I've been getting these free net scape copies.
I finally went out and bought one.
Yeah.
And things have been fine ever since then.
No problems.
I dial up and everything's fine.
It does it all for you.
And I figure sure they're going to make it when you pay for it.
And everything kind of settles in.
Other than that, if you're going to get free copies and somebody gives you a disc, you know how to go to the bathroom.
And I got a bad sound card in my damn computer too.
You need a new computer.
No, remember I told you about that problem.
And some days it's fine.
And then it within the same day sometimes.
Right.
It works and some...
And you know, what the hell is the computer without the audio?
So that when you turn it off, you don't hear.
Bing.
You know, I mean, it's no fun if you don't hear that.
Right.
Bing in the zips.
In the zips.
Now, when you pay your checks, does it go quack and rip one off?
And the check, too?
Yeah.
Mine does.
No, it does not.
Mine goes quack and it doesn't do that.
No, it doesn't.
You're quick.
What, why the hell do I want to do that?
Well, you want a sound card.
You want audio, I thought you don't write checks.
No, when I pay him, when you pay him electronically, you write a little check.
I'm not going to pay him electronically.
I don't want to do that.
You already write checks, right?
Yeah.
Okay, I just ask you the question.
Does it go quack?
That's all.
No.
Okay, that.
But I do have a laser printer and they just, that's great.
I finally got me a laser printer.
Get a, yeah.
Is that like moving almost to the 18th century?
Kind of.
Yeah.
Get a, uh, panium.
I have, mine is a panium.
Yours is, if it's a 486, it's not a panium.
Yes, it is.
You're wrong.
It can't be.
Okay, then it lies on the front of it.
Oh, that's right.
You have a 46 model.
Right.
It's not a 406 model.
But it's a 486.
Okay, let me, let me lay this out to you.
When they started, they made the 286, they made the 8086 chip.
Then they made the 286 chip.
Then the 386, then the 486.
Yeah.
But they did not want to name it a 586 and wanted to do new marketing.
So they call the 586 a panium.
Yeah.
Now the new 686 is running out.
Trust me.
There's no question.
Okay, then it's not a 406.
And maybe the book that I got is from my first computer, which is a 486.
Well, there you go.
So in other words, I'm ahead of the game.
Right.
Right.
I'm on a new computer for you.
You just got one.
Apparently just now because you know you got a penny.
I already told you I had a penny.
Am I already told you that when I told you what the model number was 406, you freaked out.
There's no such thing.
No, I didn't.
You just.
You sure did he just tell me how 486 just.
I'm a little.
I tell him the model number was 406.
He did.
There's no such thing.
We went through this three times already.
You were right.
I'm making it up.
Like it's some kind of a communist plot.
You were right.
I was wrong.
What I'm saying now is today.
Suddenly.
Today you said you had a 486.
Well, I thought it was.
OK.
And now I know about this.
Oh, it is.
Oh, slow.
Yeah.
The new one would be 288.
I know that.
Now what we're talking about.
33 4.
Oh, well with compression.
But, senior, it does make that sound.
Now I'm hoping it does.
What you need.
What you need to do is instead of getting this new computer since now you already have one.
And you've saved all that money.
Get an ISDN modem for 128K.
That's six and a half hours set in that up.
It will seem like nothing.
We will see you for weeks.
350 to 500.
Look, I said 500.
With 128K per minute.
That's pretty quick.
Yeah.
Oh, this thing is slow.
So now let's get back to this guy in Parkland.
Hello.
Hey, Rick.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I forgot to get a number off.
Now is it still raining?
Yeah, still.
OK.
All right.
We still need it.
I can't get some good information.
I want a special number.
No, you can't have a special number.
Come on.
I got one.
You get it.
I don't have a parkland.
We're going to devide your number to go along with your property place.
I work in Parkland.
Oh, OK.
What do you do there?
I'm an heavy equipment operator.
Oh.
Now do you know Roger's step?
Nope.
OK.
Roger's been doing my lawn.
Where is he lately?
I don't find because you're going to say you're grown because he had no water.
Well, exactly.
He's afraid to come back because he doesn't want to see everything dead.
That's it.
Well, now it's live.
Roger, come on home.
Go ahead, sir.
All right.
I want the number zero.
To match.
You can understand it.
You are.
Why I keep it?
If you want.
I knew you were going there.
OK.
6.58 Roger.
No, this is a Roger.
I thought it was a match.
Matches penis size.
Now what is it?
It was Roger.
What's your name?
Jeff.
Oh, my God.
And a Maburgo.
No, it is then.
Well, congratulations, Jeff.
I appreciate it.
All right.
We'll see you later.
Let's try mobile.
Hello.
Hey, Rick.
Hello, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I just want to say that I was listening to Neil talk about his computer.
If it is a 46, then it's not a penny.
Oh, OK.
It is a penny.
So it's not a 46.
So then it's not a 46, right?
OK.
What you can do if you find out what it is, what kind is it?
Packer belt, right?
See, I guess you bought it out of a store.
Retail out, right?
Right.
See, most of the time they make them so where you can't upgrade them.
You have a problem.
They said I just upgraded the chip or something.
You have to upgrade a lot more than that.
And when it comes out, you end up spending just as much money as buying a new computer.
That's the bad thing about buying them for stores.
Right. Well, he doesn't want to upgrade his.
So I'll get a new one anyway.
I just want to take this one and smash it with a ball-peen hammer.
I get a new one.
Now they have the Pentium Pro, the 686, 200 megahertz.
It does stuff before you even think about it.
Why are you talking about that for grand?
No, three.
Yeah.
Yeah. What's wrong with that?
Yeah, that's not too bad.
I'll tell you what though, if you want another Sony XBR for that money.
I've got about five in mine.
A lot of new reports are saying that the 200 megahertz compared to like a 100.
Yeah.
It's a lot more expensive and the performance isn't that much better.
That's what I said that much good because the motherboard can't keep up.
The motherboard has a 66 megahertz bus, but the thing to get is either 133 or 166.
Right.
That's the optimum value right now.
Right. I would go with the 133 because it's too much cheaper than 56.
Yeah.
But you know what you do?
If you're going to buy a new one, if I were you, I would buy it from mail order.
Gateway.
Gateway is a good product.
Don't say Dell.
Well, no, I wouldn't say, I don't know if you look at all the magazines, Dell's use.
Dell is right on top.
I know, but I got their one of their computers and one of the things I didn't want the CD ROMs
So they said, we'll send the whole computer back.
And I said, man, these things are component.
You sell send back a CD ROM.
You send me a CD ROM.
Oh, no, can't do it that way.
That gateway will swap out part for part.
Well, you know what, what I heard about Dell is that they also, when they build their computers,
they were caught using used parts, putting in new computers.
So it was gateway, but they don't do that anymore.
Okay.
Now, I'll tell you what, I just bought a new one.
I was going to buy a gateway and the last one I changed the money is a computer out there called a micron.
That's right.
Microns are a great company.
And I bought a micron.
I really know anything about it.
And it's an excellent value, too.
And I bet you're really happy with it.
Hey, I am happy with it.
I don't really know that much about computers, but you know, I've just been learning lately and I'll tell you what,
to buy through the mail order is a lot better.
You're actually saving a lot of money.
The warranties are just as good and everything is totally upgradable.
Well, you got to look at it this way.
Your help is going to be by phone anyway.
So what does it matter if you're calling somebody, you know, 50 miles away or somebody 500 miles away.
You're still on the phone getting help.
The only thing different is that if you buy one from the store and you get some pizza crap, then you get home and it's not working.
Then you can at least bring it back.
Mail order if you get one like that, which you don't really get.
Mail order, yeah, but wait a second, pal.
Mail order, they'll do on-site service for the first year.
So that's going to write out to your house.
So you don't need to worry about taking it back.
They'll take it back for you if you need to.
That's right.
Mail order and micron is an excellent company.
And so I hear Dell is, even though I didn't like their deal and gateway is.
Those are three excellent computers.
Unless I forget Sony hits the market in about three months.
Well, I'll tell you what, Neil.
Yeah.
My computer is a penny and 100.
And now they don't even make it.
They make 120.
And I only bought it a month and I have to go.
But the penny 120, it's got all 16 megabram.
It's got mpeg and all kinds of crap that I never heard of.
You probably never used it.
You'll use it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I don't even know what it is yet.
But I got to grow, pal.
We're up against a break.
We can finish the rest of the conversation for him.
What did you pay?
It was under two grand at my house.
With monitor?
With mob.
There you go.
15 inch, 15 inch.
15 inch.
15 inch.
You got to get a 17, no.
Yeah, it's going to burn a house more.
Right.
See you later.
What do you mean with monitor?
What do I want another monitor for?
I just want to know what that price was with monitor.
Some were priced without monitor.
Monitors about what?
300 bucks?
700 or 800?
No.
Yeah.
For a nice 17 inch monitor, yeah.
You have a 15 inch monitor.
I had a 15 inch monitor.
Two 17 inch monitors, like a brand new world.
Get that NEC multi sink.
It's beautiful.
It's a beautiful thing.
Oh, you guys are sick.
What?
What do you have in your home now?
You have a Sony XBR.
Right.
Obviously, like quality.
Well, that's what he just said.
What do I need?
What are you calling for the computer for?
I'm not going to sit there looking naked pictures all day.
Look at that on the TV.
Look at that.
What?
What's wrong with looking at naked pictures?
I was checking to see if a thing would come through on here.
That's wrong.
And then once it came through, I thought, boy, this is pretty interesting.
And the kid did come right through the screen.
Yeah.
Boy, some of this, like you can reach out to 36 minutes, but.
Right.
No, it wasn't.
I just wanted to see if they were able to take pictures
or come through what I had.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, I'm the last guy to be defensive about that.
Mr. Hot shot.
No, I don't.
Now, what is that guy to do?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Just mentioning that in past.
Okay.
Since you're trying to get the psychotic.
I'll give you a beeper for Jesus.
Yeah.
Okay.
Dialog mattress now is our IQ.
Remember that.
It's 9.53, 7.00 in front of 10 o'clock at WIOD.
Oh, that's our new format.
Now, guess the IQ.
Right.
I'm not very good at it.
We'll get it maybe like September of all, November 1st.
Four-letter deal.
Hi, guys.
Hi, I'm Jack Anand.
Who?
590.
Okay.
I called the first time when you and Neil went around and around about this 406 in the legend
and Hal Packard Bell numbers.
You guys are so screwed up on computers, some believe me.
Well, he's diet-mitted.
I'm not that loud, pal.
I mean, I...
What for one thing?
The machine that he has is gotta be a Pentium 60, if it's at all.
So that's like slower than the last 40.
It is.
14, 4, even...
Right, right, right.
That's what it is.
Now, your telepening M60 is still faster than a 46.
Just ballet.
Because you have 486, 66.
So, and that and the sound card, right?
Wait a second.
So what is a 486?
Wait a minute.
Let's get back to the sound card.
No, because this guy knows everything.
No, let's get back to that.
A second.
A 486, 66 is almost as fast as a Pentium 60.
It has a 66-megapixel clock.
That has nothing to do with it.
It's still a Pentium.
I have a little bit of everything to do with it.
What do you mean it has nothing to do with it?
A Pentium has 232-bit highways as opposed to a 46 that has one.
That 66 is only the clock speed.
Do you think Pentium's law run at 32-bit?
You're wrong.
All programs don't run at 32-bit, but...
Absolutely correct.
Right, but at 32-bit program does.
Do you think any...
And I have most of my programs are 32-bits.
Well, if you're running Windows 95.
Absolutely.
Let's get back to the sound card.
Maybe this guy can tell me something gets struck in the middle of the screen.
A 38-old show on us how smart you are.
Which is very normal, the answer.
Well, what I'm saying is, between the fact that you have an old slow computer.
Right.
It's taking you forever to download.
Right.
And it's got a touchy...
You got a crappy sound card.
Yeah.
Why do you want to say they about Packard Bell?
I happen to have one Packard Bell in two Asers.
Yeah.
And I have nothing negative to report on either.
My Asers are 166.
I just bought it, paid less than 3 grand for it.
It's got a 28-8, 16-meg, which connects somehow to prodigy at 38-4.
They must be due to some heavy duty compression there.
But you guys are also in the 166.
So, trash can, the Packard Bell.
Go at your cell.
Acer has a one-year in-home, three-year total warranty.
You can pick them up at Best Buy for a song.
I got mine for 28 and change.
Right.
And...
That's about what you get a gateway for.
Yeah, but then I had a...
I know it was a gateway and I had a problem like you had where I went back and forth with me about.
Part of it was wrong and ended up sending a back of pain.
There's a car right there.
You know, you get a bad experience.
Sure.
You're not going to stay with the car.
Well, and especially if you're like me or like other people,
you don't want to be shipping stuff back and forth.
You want to be able to go to the green zone.
You said shipping, shipping things.
Didn't you?
Shipping stuff.
Yeah, shipping, shipping stuff.
Yeah, you want to have...
Well, you know, you come on here and you say you guys don't know nothing.
You've basically said all the information that we have said.
Well, I'm trying to...
I guess maybe I shouldn't have phrased that one.
Let me just make a suggestion.
Trash the one that you've got now.
Get yourself a one-year.
Take it out, put it in the pool.
Do the ball, pain hammer, whatever you want to do.
Between the sound card, the slow modem, and the slow penny of process.
So you're in a talk age.
Yeah.
Donate it for a tax ride off at its full volume.
What should I get?
I...
This guy likes Asa.
I've heard good things about Asa.
I love my heart of Asa.
I have an Asa.
Asa is an IBM block.
I have two of them.
And I love it.
I have a 160...
I have the brand new 166 at 288.
I just got two, three weeks ago.
They have one year in-home, three year total warranty.
And you guys are forgetting about some of your advertisers.
Yeah.
I connect and Web 2000 both have net scape.
So you don't have to worry about that integrated Web browsers built in.
Right.
But what I was saying, I went out and bought it.
See, I forget.
I have Windows 95 and these don't.
So I bought the 32-bit net scape.
All right, sir.
Well, you know, your programs don't work with each other if they're not compatible.
Well, some Windows 3.1 are not real happy with 95.
Right.
They'll run them, but they don't really function well.
But for as far as I connect and Web 2000, they offer a 3.1N 95.
So you can set up your net scape.
All right.
When you get it, that's part of the package.
They'll give you all the software and the instructions how to do it.
I can fully relate to Neil sitting and waiting and pinging and dropping and cutting out and waiting for your download forever and ever.
And you don't have to.
And then you do all that and then you need to integrate a browser.
So where does that leave it?
Where it leaves you is, go out and just get one of the services and have net scape browser built in and that boom, you're there.
Oh, I know that.
There were at leaves us.
That's where I started yesterday at four o'clock.
It was installing that.
Oh, I believe me.
I don't know what I was doing.
But that's what I was doing.
And then when I got all through it said, uh-oh, sorry.
Unable to, uh, do a little bit of protocol.
Right.
Well, that's what I told her.
And no matter what the hell I did, unable to establish protocol, you lose.
Man was up here with PCIP.
And you got a great deal of free, but forget it.
You do Pp.
So get your go out the best product.
Get yourself a nice 166 Acer.
Get I Connect or one of the web 2000 or one of the people that will set you up with.
Well, government grade.
And we'll set you up with net scape and you'll never have to forget error messages about you'll be downloading.
Uh, tier little hearts.
And every weekend.
Okay.
958 at W.I.
I know what he was talking about at least.
At long last.
He was clueless.
And you're saying I didn't.
I said never said that.
You're getting like Phil Henry now.
You're getting defensive.
Me?
And he was only joking yesterday.
That's what I heard.
I didn't hear it when it was on the air.
Oh, he did say he hates us like poison, but that was he was just getting one.
And I said that to him.
Well, you even gave him a number.
Cox made him sign that statement that says that.
Oh, everybody knows that he loved Bob Green.
Duncan Donuts.
Oh, oh, get the bucket.
Yeah.
I knew it.
Everybody knows.
Everybody knows.
He knows.
Hi, I'm Bob Green.
Yeah.
Well, they can't see that.
Shake my hand.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It just appeared right.
Everybody knows Duncan Donuts has 52 different kinds of Donuts.
That was only Bob Dole.
It shook you with your left hand.
Hot, fresh, delicious.
Everybody knows Duncan Donuts.
Bruce, by the way, did we, oh, gee, I just remembered we were supposed to deliver Donuts
this morning.
JC got sick, didn't show up till late.
Then they finally got out and the armor car stuck someplace without gas.
No more watching.
I think that's sick.
Exactly.
Too many colon cleansers.
You bet.
That's what I was thinking.
So anyway, well, he's got a scorched rectum.
We'll get those Donuts to you sometime.
In the meantime, why don't you stop off because I know a lot of people who like to be in
the mud.
Yeah.
What do you know, I'll tell you what, let's just remember the name Duncan Donut.
Not really be a little them and talk about them anymore.
Maybe you'd like to try some of their nice fresh coffee.
It's only 18 minutes old.
That's all the older they'll ever let it get.
There's over 100 Duncan Donuts and Dave Rower and Palm Beach.
Most of them are open 24 hours a day for your convenience.
Have a great weekend.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's the concert event of this summer.
The two of them said it would never happen.
Because Jerry Garcia died and the surviving members of the Grateful Dead said they were breaking up the band.
And they did.
Technically.
Sure, they're on tour again this summer.
But they're not the Grateful Dead.
They're Grateful They're Not Dead.
Because they realized, hey, we were the highest grossing concert heck in the world.
The four Jerry up and died on it.
Why should we have to give up all that money just because that fat loser did too many drugs and ate ice cream out of a truck?
Yes, Jerry's dead.
But the others are.
And they've still got to make a living.
Bob, we make he heart.
And Vince Wilming.
Are Grateful They're Not Dead.
But Grateful They're Not Dead tour.
Because they're making just as much money.
And there's one less person to share with you.
Say what?
What?
What's going on here?
What all just happened?
I didn't do a thing.
So in other words, that's over.
Because I didn't hear it.
I didn't hear it in the middle.
It must have been pretty good.
So it was a year ago today that Jerry Garcia died.
Yes, I saw what time we had it had gone into it.
And believe me, I'm very excited about it.
I'm thrilled.
In fact, if it would have been about 1030, I'd be even more thrilled.
So anyway, thanks for all the expertise on a computer.
I really would like to take an axe to it.
In fact, maybe OJ will come over with a machete.
And the two of us will just tear the stuff inside of that crap.
Okay?
Computers don't have to be so difficult.
They really don't.
And like I said before, I told Rick during the news.
If I just were to stuck with my quickened and done my checking and my bookkeeping, all that stuff on there,
that's all I ever wanted it for.
And you know, the thing in the beginning with the prodigy and the email, I'm going to tell you really seriously.
And I mean this from the bottom of my heart.
Those of you who are sitting there, did let around with email on your computers.
Desperately, you must get out of the house.
You must go out there.
And even if you talk to a Robin Redbreast, if you talk to a bird, if you talk to an earthworm,
if you sit down and have a chat with a boofo toe and tell it to go back where it came from,
anything would be a great improvement over the quality of the crap that comes on all these services on the so-called email.
The chat rooms, I mean, they should call them rubber rooms.
The only thing it does do is give you a tremendous insight as to the desperation and the boredom of the American public.
Then you understand why it's always you to get them all to watch the Olympics.
I mean, man, how can there be so many desperate, desperate people out there?
I mean, there's only 250 million people in the whole country, which is a lot of people, but very seriously.
I mean, just all this kaka on there.
And most of it is on such a juvenile level.
Like, remember the email we get on our webpage?
We were all excited about we're going to get our webpage for WIOD.
And it only took like about a year and a half and we finally got it.
And after we screamed and yelled and hollered about like, where's all the email that we supposedly got?
And finally, Nickle one day put a whole bunch of it in our box.
And I looked at it and he just want to sit down and cry.
Because it's all this stuff with all the, you can just imagine like a thousand Gilbert's out there.
And the guy with the eyes and the Italian iceman and Greg from Boynton Beach.
And they're all sitting around on their little computers, sending back and forth juvenile messages as they sit with their shovel and a thing in a sandbox.
I'm serious they got their little pale, their little shovel and they're diddling with it in their sandbox.
So what I thought our webpage was going to be great for was getting those numbers out there.
And they're really promoting and you know having the audio right on there.
Real-time audio. And has that ever happened? Of course not.
That would have been tremendous benefit.
Then even during this horrendous summer that we're trying to survive through.
Then we might actually had some interesting people from all over the world saying hey this is pretty amazing.
And guess what? And they might have something to say.
That would have been really beneficial.
And then every time I asked Sarah about the call in numbers, oh yeah I think they are.
Yeah, like if you have like a magnifying glass and you understand what they're all about.
Have we ever had one call ever from anybody who discovered us on the webpage? The IOD thing? Never.
Never.
So that tells you we've certainly done it very effectively.
And then of course those people that came in here that time, remember I had that meeting downstairs.
And those people are really want to forget about that because they want to do it right.
But hey that's okay. I'm glad you're all experts out there.
I confess my I know nothing about it. But I wouldn't say that.
I mean quite frankly I get around on my computer okay until I start trying to do something new and different.
Because when you start to want something new and different it never it never happens according to the way the instructions tell you.
Never ever ever.
I mean when you're sitting there for 36 minutes downloading your integrated browsers you can get into right into the worldwide web from the prodigy or American online or computer or any of those services.
And the 36 minutes go by and I'll write great.
And then you go ahead and you punch in your damn address and you go to ask, oh sorry if in order to reach this address you must have an integrated web browser.
And we offer it for you free. Compute service for you free and you may download it from the information manager.
But I just got through doing that you jackass. I just said here for 36 minutes doing that.
It's downloaded. There it is.
Yeah but don't tell us that. Tell somebody else.
Oh my god and you just you want to take every kind of like a big mallet like the one guy used to finish off that dolphin in the white squirt.
You want to take a big mallet and just beat the crap out of that whole computer and just shot can it.
Because it's not worth the effort.
So like I said just sit there with your little you know I got that nice laser printed now and the checks look really professional and really nice.
And it's right everything is where the pie charts and the graphs and this and that's it.
Fine.
But going through all this other crap just I don't get it.
But anyway happy Friday to it's sent 13 to W I would do you wish you could manage your money better or advance your career faster or improve your relationship.
John really gets my panties and a lot.
Okay 10 15 to W I would do this thing George was to tell me about the funny is that with his computer they're really a pain in the ass.
I mean it's nice to have one because I mean how can you be an American without a computer but Jesus too much grief too much.
So anyway what do you think about Jesus coming back on one of those rocks huh when that be something if they open up one of those rocks and there was like Moses was in there screaming in the oven like let me out.
Anyway let's do Delray Beach on the purple line hello.
Yeah Neil yes sir.
Hey I want to talk to you I'm driving in my car.
I just offer some directions and I'll tell you about telling a really making man.
And what is that sir.
I want to get his gas station stop trying to stop get some directions and no one even speaks English in this place is south Florida.
Yeah everyone here I mean the language is basically Spanish.
Yeah so we'll learn some Spanish take some lessons get out of here already go grow up.
We have two open lines I see you know what you know what I figure this is because I've been through this for 20 years here.
And yeah I think everybody ought to be able to speak English but I was thinking this the other day I don't know what maybe think about it but the young Hispanics in this town are so far ahead of the game by being able to speak two languages.
I mean the ones that really can speak Spanish fluently as opposed to some of the ones where it's kind of like fading away and they know like you know Maricone and that's about the extent of their vocabulary but or Pato I guess they know that too.
Pato Pecano but other than that it's pretty damn good thing.
I wish in fact I'm going to go to night classes and start learning Italian because you know that CD Rom thing I got that Italian program you're not going to learn you can't learn to speak a language from a I don't care how good the program is I don't care how much you pay for what it's cracked up to be you're never going to learn to speak a language you might be able to learn to read some of it and understand it a little bit better.
But you're never going to be able to learn to speak a language from a computer because it just you just can't do it and then all they have all these burlits programs and cassettes and I've been through all of that you can't do it you have to like go take courses you have to speak it and you have to like do it.
But I think it's a tremendous advantage all these speaks down here I'm talking about the I'm not talking about the old ones who refuse to learn English and they're just adamant and hard headed into a bunch of hard asses screw them.
Here's Pompato Beach hello. Oh yes I. Yeah, I was calling about the guy who just made a lot of the directions. First of all he's an idiot. Yeah, I'm not worried about him. I'm not worried about him. Okay, that's good. I'll sit in here. I do 15 minutes on my frustration with my computer and right off the bat typical south for the guy bitch and somebody speak in Spanish. He's bad. Yeah, too bad. About the guy that you spoke about with the computers. Yes, as far as I got with packer bells and acers if it invent you know if he bothers reading any of the reports because I'm a tech I do work on those computers.
Okay. Packer bells are good for door stops and. Okay. Packer brother good for door stops and the issues are just a stepgy stone after that. Okay. Okay. Custom computers are the way to go custom computers, right? You know, like for example, like 15 grand would be good. Well, no, not really because he said that the Asia was around what three down on the 300.
Yeah, for a hundred from 166. Well, we can do way more. We can do way better. What do we. Well our company. Oh.
But you know, I know that right even though but
Even though net it's just pretty much we get better price cuz we're local and instead of sending it back to gateway in the middle of a potato land
Wherever the hell the cows are yeah, it's better to do a local yeah
So I mean like wait if you're you know if you got their interest they we can help you out
But other than that the guys should do some read up on his
Technology with packer bill and nature yeah, so
So in other words a guy that called before that was talking about gateway. He knew his crap
He knew his stuff, right?
But I mean I got he was he was missing you
I mean some people the thing is that we you know with packer bells and he should people have different opinions
Some people have a hell of a time with packer Bell. They say they love it some people say really sucks
I don't love it
I'll tell you that cuz it seems that and I am not that computer illiterate. I mean I'm not a genius
But I have a pretty good idea how to get around on but it's just everything seems to be such a hassle to do everything on it
You know, yeah, I'm paying any ass right and he said that Windows 95 is good
I mean it's good, but we run it here in our business and my god you should say we try and fact and go to a word processor a
Dancing just crashes
So that that would really be great for me right that really sucks. Yeah, you know
You're trying to do you know trying to be a mold you know productive by doing multitasking right there goes windows
Other than nice nice
You know you're your facts and people you're trying to help him
Let me get ahead on my presentation
Whatever we got to and bam then we go back to in the beginning all over and start from scratch again
We legal function, huh?
You know to go figure now. I mean this guy for guy
I mean you know you knew what's talking about he's right about the 14 for being kind of slow for the internet
But you know and I know of course those people who spend all their lives on the internet a bunch of losers. Oh
They should get out more often desperate desperate, you know those people you know date matching on the internet
That's you know, it's like geek aroma there. Yeah, so they're gonna have fun. All right. Well, hey guys that look like Gilbert
Okay, thanks a lot, huh?
It's okay. There's a good guy's trying to solve something but that's okay
I have no problem with that. Maybe we'll get a good deal. Maybe we'll get one for free
I doubt that I sure doubt that it's one thing to get a few cases of water for free
It's quite another thing yet and of course we couldn't do that anyway. Could we of course not?
Well at this point
Anyway, it's 1021 at W. I. D. I tell you one other thing we get for free that I like a lot
In fact, I sure wish I had a lighter so I could be smoking this Bowser right now you got one by chance
Oh, thank the Lord leave it to George one day. He's got one the next day. I go. I thought you were out of here already
How does a lighter oh, Adam's got a lighter. Let me have a little oh
And he also yeah, he's got his colon cleanser. That's very what are you taking that to JC?
What are you doing with the colon cleanser? Oh
Rick wanted you to come back and get his colon cleanser good. Maybe it'll clean his brains out
So I was starting to say there's nothing like a great cigar from Mike's okay
Which we do get yeah several boxes of Bowser's and Licensiados and
Danim and lights from Brazil and whatever we look us Oscars a hell of a guy over there
He's the best. He's the best if you love cigars. They got the best
You don't have to go buy a bunch of illegal crap just because if they all want spit on it or whatever it
He did or something like rhymes with spit
They got all the premium imported cigars that you could ever want and then some maybe even some you don't want
I know they got something a little bit too exotic for me and some that are too big and too gut-wrenching
I don't want to like start choking and gagging like Stan made you every day
Anyway over a thousand different brands over 10 million cigars and stock at all time
It's the biggest it's the best it's recognized around the world is one of the premier cigar Emporium's anywhere
And if you want where they're brand new cigar catalogs right off the press from Mike's just pick up the phone
It'll be more than happy to send you one free of charge and they call 866
2277 866
2277 outside a day called tool free 1 800 9 6 2 4
2427 1 800 9 6 2 4 2 2 7 if you love the best round and firm and fully packed in your push head to Mike's cigars
10 30 Kang Concourse in V-Harbour open daily until 6 Monday and Thursday late till 9
News talk entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Like God is that thing real?
Tired of those feminine hygiene sprays that smell like flowery cover-ups try new FSD natural sense
The only feminine hygiene spray that leaves you smelling is natural as nature intended
There's nothing as romantic as the moon that walk in the beach
It would be perfect if it wasn't for that smell. Oh, it smells like dead fish or something. Oh, that's me
Excuse me. Remember how you said you didn't like those perfumey feminine hygiene sprays I was using
Yeah, well I switched to new FSD natural sense now I smell naturally fresh. You don't smell fresh
I don't you smell like something that just washed up on shore. Yeah, like something I got beached
You know like a whale or walrus or something something that's you know rotting. Oh
That's FSD's new natural scent. It is you think this is bad. You should have known me before
Oh, new FSD natural sense in original tuna and new cod carp and salmon
1026 at W I O D. We have an open line of dates 7 5 1 9 4 6 3
We have a bunch of CDs here too that I was thinking about giving away, but nobody's gonna want these
Okay, like I said we'll do it Monday. Oh
Nobody's gonna want these anyway. Don't get all panicky nobody's gonna
There is nothing in here even though one the Beastie boys. It's like
It's a instrumental instrumental music composed and performed by the Beastie boys. Well, who you know?
I'm so curious you put that in there. Who sent us this crab?
What's his name Mario Carlos? Oh, thanks Carlos Mario. Whatever the hell your name is our Paisan. Whatever his name is our good close friend
Here's a candle. Hello. Is this the Neil Gaetz computer show? Yes, sir. How are you doing great?
Meal only two billion dollars. Yeah, right the guy that guy was talking about the custom computers. Yes, I'm right
Damn right. That's the way to go. I used to work from mail order computer company. Yeah, and
Which one packet blows? Yeah, answer is just around the corner. Mm-hmm
Probably the best thing you could get is a gateway to that song. Ace Hole is just around the corner
It's just around the bend. Yeah, and
The way to go is probably get a custom a job done or better yet
And I hate to say this but most people prefer Apple because it's much better
What's suds was sitting here a mumbling that over and over and over again about Apple is simple and it's easy and it's great
And it's great quality and you want it and Rick was good. Oh, no, it's not the worst in Apple
Excellent in Apple for video for like people who like to do editing graphics and so forth the team of
Of video Apple is the best really it's easy to use
Extremely easy. You don't have to go through configuration, but isn't Apple now how much does Apple cost more or less?
Apple is a tad more expensive right? That's what I thought
conventional PC computer right like a we're talking about a
You know a quadra
Apple quadra or self-performer, which is now now a little bit out more obsolete, but it's still good. Yeah, you know
The only thing you have to do to grab a file is
Grab it drag and drop it and you're in yeah, I can drag it and that's all I prefer to hang on to it
I'm pretty sure you can yeah, listen Neil one one last thing
Did you see
The other day
She was interviewing what this girl from MTV
We go so easy for this yes, huh? They're talking left and right about lose me. God. I don't know if you saw it
No, I did not yeah, yeah, she was she was spilling the beans on him. Yeah, yeah, but she was for to speak
Okay, probably all she ever spilled on me. Yeah, Neil
One last thing
Is Neil is is Neil Rogers is Neil Rogers God. Yes
Okay, glad we answer that form
So anyway, here's to the Beastie boys. They're playing it. They composed it. They're playing it. You don't want to hear it
It's the in sound from way out
instrumental music composed it before by the Beastie boys all right
Oh
See what I mean nobody would take that
You'd have to be seriously you'd have to be certifiable
It would put you in Roger Thorpe's cell and by the way if you watch the guiding light
That was a nice likeness that Roger made that paper mache head that he put there in the bed. That was that's your would a full maze
And don't worry about Vanessa. Okay, she's going she's leaving the show for you and then she'll come out of her coma
They'll find some cure. So don't worry about poor Vanessa. She'll be okay
You
You see what I mean about this
You just get the feeling it's not going
Oh, yeah
And you're right. It's going nowhere. I see a lot of this
Apparatus. Yeah, but it's not going over
It's just yeah
Over and over here. Here we go. One more time for the West Coast. Come on. Here we go
Yeah, there we go. Okay, it starts here in hut. Oh, Jesus. So that's the Beastie boys. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. More in here. Why when is this?
Listen to you. I have an idea about your downloading problems. Yeah, sometimes when you download a program
You still have to install it
When you download it what the system does is it stays in it in a temporary file
So you have to go back to file manager go to your web directory whatever it is
And look for a temp
directory. It's called temp for temporary and then you find the program you download it and you have to install it
It's like buying a program you still have to install my god. What a pain in the ass and that takes about two more hours
Because what because when I went back to think and try to load it again
It says this file already exists. Yeah, because the file exists but the program is not installed
Oh, my god, what a pain in the ass
Well, you know, it's like buying a program you have to install it
You have to do it but if you give them in a store, you know, in a drawer
Why don't they tell you that? Well, to make it more fun, you know, oh to make it more frustrating
I think the people who invent I think Bill Gates ought to be shot
I think the people who invented computers definitely ought to be shot because they're sadistic
All they did was just to make it as complicated as possible and give you as little information as possible
To make it very ten times as difficult to get anything done
Yeah, I agree. I agree. They don't make it
I mean, I can do that but but don't you think they ought to tell you when you're finished downloading
Okay, now you have to install this program or or at least make a little program within that will install it automatically
Right, you know that way you don't have to stop while you're doing and go back to the file man
There's absolutely once it's downloaded. There's nothing done finished. That's all
There's nothing to indicate that there's anything else you have to do to use it
Yeah, but you have to check that out not every program you need to do that
But if you're having problems, you know
At least I still have all those files in there anyway. I've got about three three programs that from about 30 minutes each
That I downloaded yesterday and the files are all still in there. They just need to get stuck in the right place
Yep, that's it and about the computers. Yeah, the last one I bought was like four or five years ago
It's very old now. I'm ready to switch over to something newer. Okay. I bought it
Goes to made like they said. Yeah, the best man never a problem really
Yeah, and you order it as you want it
Okay, locally you you actually you can see them putting it together. It's great
No complaints. All right. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot
Okay, it's computer talk here for all us computer illiterate folks and the all I can tell you is that it's a real pain in the
And even see the thing that makes me feel a little bit better is people like Rick who have been doing this stuff for a long time
And really fancy themselves as being experts and probably are but in spite of that they just have all kinds of hellish problems
They just tear their hair out. They just have an nervous breakdown
So I don't feel so inferior to everybody else just because I'm a novice and because I don't spend all day every day sitting there
Wasting six and a half hours like I did yesterday tearing my hair out and then going into progina pro progina realizing I could have done them 30 seconds
That's just really frosted my fat pimply ass when I did that thought Jesus
What is with this?
Download this you clowns
So wasn't I just saying the other day about how much I love progina I wasn't here's Virginia key hello
Is it you're going into your progina what yeah? I'm going into my progina
Speaking of going into your progina I had to call you today because there was a news the weird story
About a family of molesting Baptist priests really a family a family. They keep it in the family. Oh, cool
Yeah, yeah
Let's latest dysfunctional family in May the Tennessee Supreme Court ordered a new trial for Hickson, Tennessee Baptist preacher Don McAree
Who've been sentenced to 72 years in prison for 13 sex offenses against 14-age boys nice
His twin brother Ron had been serving time with him at the Pixon prison in Picksville, Tennessee for his twin brother
His twin brother. Yeah, six-year-old boy
They're older brother Richard a former pastor is still one by authorities. They're older brother dick
After pleading don't keep them resting four boys in the 80s. Oh
Wow, so there you go the family that molest together
Yeah, something like that. Uh-huh
Like I said Tennessee
Well, I think I centuries and centuries of inbreeding trust me when I tell you
Okay, too many cross dyes. Uh-huh and banjo plan
I think you got it
I think that could happen in the human race next to a large plague would be a gigantic meteorite
That's a magnet that would destroy all the computers on your so that people would actually have to do something
Yeah, you know, don't you think that I was doing the right thing when I just used it for my bookkeeping around a quick
And thing and just ignored all the rest of the craft
Why did I and I'm not even really sure why I'm doing this stuff now just out of a novelty
Just to see if I know what I'm doing on there and then once you get started your hook like
Can you make this thing work and the more you get frustrated the more you sit there and sit there and sit there
Says I'm not gonna let this thing beat me. I'm gonna get into this thing no matter what the hell it takes right
Well, you know what the funny thing that you're right about is it's definitely designed to ask planned obsolescence from the beginning
Because you cannot execute it without having some schmuck in your ear telling you what to do
Yeah, now they're and of course now if you're gonna call up any of those numbers
You're gonna have to wait least two and a half hours to get to anybody because there's like 50 million people calling in there who haven't got a clue
What the hell they're doing? I can probably get through to get a green card faster than that. Thanks. Oh, yeah
But you know there was a language called Java. There's language called Java where they actually do import
The application which is the program that runs what you're trying to download right? I saw I saw that right
But see everyone's trying to stop that from happening because it cuts the it cuts the middle man like Bill Gates from selling his
Wonderful products, etc. I'll screw him. Yeah, no doubt. You can just tell by looking at him on a B.D. I'd bastard. He is anyway
No doubt Bill Gates. He definitely are a king douchebag. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks a lot pal
Open line and date 7519463
Hostation that delivers free sets
A delivering sweet
And
You can qualify by winning video cassettes of the movie delivery
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend long
The grand prize winner will be flown to doze in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the Kahoodle-Lassie River
Commodations in beautiful entry
Now let's you just drop them back
You hear that baby
The liver
You 95
1037 at W.I.O.D
It's not that often you got the chance to witness history, but this weekend
You have the chance to do that a called a race course or at least a mic at a chance tomorrow
Saturday and Sunday called her invites you to the ultimate racing weekend
Tomorrow you can catch cigar in the Pacific classic as he tries to break citations record for consecutive wins
He's going for number 17 tomorrow. I got a fitting is gonna do it and don't you're not gonna get rich cash in on that either
By the way, you'll also get a free 1996 edition of calleders guided two-year-old racing and there's full card
Cymal casting from Saratoga and Monmouth tomorrow and then it got on Sunday
There'll be full card Cymal casting and on Sunday called her host the grand slam three with the first leg of the Florida stallion
Stakes plus the first 10,000 fans who show up on Sunday will get a cigar mug
Absolutely free. So don't miss your chance to witness the opinions expressed by the host
Gaster callers on W.I.O.D. or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors
All W.I.O.D. programs are coffee right
1996 by W.I.O.D. Incorporated
No tape recording or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of W.I.O.D. Incorporated
Okay 1042 at W.I.D.
You know, I'm sitting here. I'm thinking what was ever wrong in the first place with having a nice little checkbook
And you know you sit there so you it takes a little while to write out the checks
Okay, a little elbow grease and it keeps you right hand in good shape if you're right handed. Look at what it would have done for Bob Dull
He can now seriously he could have probably overcome that war injury with a little exercise there right out some checks
Bobby come on. They work on it work on loosen those fingers up
But no, let's do that. Yeah, that's it. Let's get the quick and program and start doing everything
And then even better than that forget about the checks
Let's just send all the the things that electronically. Let's pay our bills electronically. No way. Thank you. No
I did there's something I don't want to do that
I want to have a little more control. I want to send the checkouts or checks out when I feel like it and I want to you know
I'm saying I want to cut my checks the way I like to do it
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello
Hey Neil. I'm the guy that called earlier on Rick show. Yeah, I kind of got cut off at the break there
I have the micron in the gateway. Yeah
Listen, let me finish this off and I can help you out a lot. Can you imagine how boring this is to all the people out there
Don't have computers, but anyway go ahead. Yeah, let's screw them
Our billions the guys who were saying that build the computer
On your own that's good
But the only thing is is that when something does go wrong you got to go back to store and it's this and that whatever if you buy it
Mail order they send somebody out for the first year on-site in your house to fix it right
I think I already heard that yeah, right
But um the one guy also about the packer bell in the acer. He is full of crap. They're they're junk
and
One thing about the way that they make computers nowadays is
Everything's obsolete within a year. So if you buy one thirty three they're gonna have something they got two hundred now
They're gonna have something a year from now that'll make these two hundred obsolete
So what you got to do is buy something up-gradable and
The acers and the packer belts are not like that also what you have to look for when you buy enough computer is
The software packages because that's that's of course a lot of money if you want to go out and buy your own
So what I recommend for you to do is either a like I said earlier is buy mail order
But what you're gonna have to do in the early is you're gonna have to go and look do some little research in these magazines
Because I'll tell you right there is in plain English
What what to get and what not to get these different companies?
They don't use like gateway. They don't use their own products. They go out and put in like a western digital hard drive and a
In a Sony CD things like that. Yeah, they're on product
So whoever uses the best stuff and puts them together is is usually comes out to be the best computer
So that's the best way to go you wait two weeks for a computer. You got the best warranties and a year down a road
Now if you buy a gateway, which is not a bad product you buy a gateway and
Something in there, you know, you're one third. Well, I'd say go with the one third or three because it's fairly inexpensive
It's probably about twenty four twenty five hundred dollars for everything, you know, sent to you
You buy a gateway and a year down a road everything that you have is absolutely you can upgrade everything
As little as possible you don't have to redo the whole computer
So it'll cost you four five hundred bucks and you got basically a computer that competes everything else out
And you keep doing that at time goes on. Yeah, so that's the best thing
If you go to a store and try to buy a new one you're in the same boat as you're in now
You're gonna have something that's good for now, but two years now you're gonna want to throw it in the pool again
Well, that's the whole thing that you got to consider and also like I said the software packages that they sent that they give you with the computers
Okay, and that's a loadout. Thanks. Thank you
What do you say? Okay, we have two open lines in date seven five one nine four six three seven five one
W.I.O.D. We have one on the
A blue line in brown or five two four nine four six three five two four W.I.O.D
So what do you think? Huh?
What do you think you think there's little green men on Mars or what
And by the way, guess what the topic is going to be on Susan Schnok on CNN this afternoon which they were promoting this morning
The only reason I watch CNN news in the morning is first of all because I hate CBS this morning
Which they've destroyed and number two because Alexian bill what's his name Gamal Gamal whatever his name is
Or a hammer hammer bill hammer. That's what his name is
But anyway, they were promoting the Susan Schnok show. They said they're gonna be discussing is there are there religious implications with the discovery of possible life on Mars
So they must have got that from this show yesterday, huh?
I mean, that's pretty profound. That's uh, you know what I'm saying? That's pretty profound. Are there religious?
You better bet your sweet ass. You know what I'm saying
As in
Here's Bonaventure. Hello. Yes. Good morning. Yes, sir. How are you doing sir? I don't know. I'm more confused now than when I started
Yeah, me too. I've got some people tell me go buy an apple. They're the best and they're simple and the price is coming down
Then I got the one guy says you must buy a catalog. You have to get the gateway the
And then I got the other one. It says a packard bell throwing the pool
And then I got the guy with the acer and everybody else says the acer is a dooser
And it's a piece of crap and I don't know you got me there
I'm a literate once you get into any of these things you're dealing with there
Always people that are gonna ask to write you know, I'm saying we've got people who sell this one
And they were gonna tell you it's the best and then you got people who's brother-in-law sell something else
And then there's somebody else. It's got a lot of gates stock. So who knows nature of the beast right?
Two quick questions, uh, Neil
One is I'm sending you a facts on the relay to your topic on guard. I think you're very think it's very cute
Okay, also
In relation the other day I was on the road a listing off it on an radio to you and wait relations with the dishes satellites
There was a company
Alpha star was that mentioned at all?
Alpha star. Yeah, it's a new one on a three foot dish and the people way out in the islands now can get it
The dish now uh, well, let me ask you this why does anybody want a three foot dish?
I don't know they said they wanted it because it gives a better picture digital
Wrong wrong
You couldn't have a better picture than the 18 inch dish unless you reached right in there and grabbed the people out of the screen
It's not possible
I'm gonna tell you the same thing again the picture on the RCA or the Sony the 18 inch dish
There is no discernible difference between that picture and the big ten foot dish correct
They're the same. Correct. He was just born in cozy. There's uh, there's a little bit of difference because you're dealing with a digital picture
As opposed to an analog picture there's a little bit of difference in and I guess the resolution in other words
The digital picture is smoother. It's almost like pastels, but it's a very almost indesernable thing
This is supposed to be digital also a new and uh, let me say it again
Why do you want a three foot when you can have a nice little 18 inch dish?
That you can hide on a balcony or on the side of the house nobody's even got ever know what's there?
Down the islands they have to give a
An address here in Florida and they're getting away from that with the Alpha star
Yeah, so that's the reason why okay
Uh, the three thing is for tomorrow
And a specific classic yeah, give you a little tip okay number six dramatic gold nicotine
Upset time, huh? Don't forget I pulled you okay talk to you later. Thanks. All right. Okay. Pudge your brains out folks
There you go. It's no cigar tomorrow. We have an open line in date
751 we got one in Broward 524 wiod 1048
On a really uh, confusing Friday when the largest Toyota dealer on planet earth's got to say oh they got a big one
Let me tell you that market Jacobson when he's got one. He's got a big one
I'm not so sure if he's got one though now's your chance to say big during the first major close out of 1996 cars at candle Toyota
And it's also the place with the best trade in deal anywhere in town if you got an old clunker
I'm talking about a real piece of Dreck okay if you can drive it down there
They'll give you at least three thousand dollars for it to purchase of any more than 800 new Toyota's in their vast inventory
They got one price selling which means the lowest price in the world on your favorite Toyota is right there
Mark Donner windshield and big big numbers even the icon read it
So as long as you can drive that trade in down there you get yourself three grand forward and get yourself the best price anywhere on the new Toyota of your dreams
Candle Toyota on us one just out the day land call one 800 yes Toyota
And they'll give you a quote right over the phone one 800 yes Toyota
$3,000 trade offer is on new 1996 Toyota's based on MSRP excluding two cells
This offer is not a conjunction with any other offer one trade pretty on approved credit includes all rebates and incentives got that all good
So let's go to Chicago and have a little chat with Brian
Dolphins and bears coverage began Sunday morning at nine on the home of the dolphins
News talk and entertain the radio
610
Friday you
This summer discover why everyone loves panogio
Wait a minute honey that ain't a wooden chair. That's a wooden boy quiet you bet. I'm in the middle something here
Now panogio tell me the truth did you do your homework?
I'm sure but my dog ate it
Sure he's just a puppet but with a nose like that who cares? Don't miss panogio coming soon to a theater near you
I don't know if he likes you George anyway
It's 1052 a WI and I was just saying fat rich is a computer guy
He'd probably come over and they get all that stuff straightened out George says how come somebody don't want to come over to my house
And straight not my computer because it's all screwed up. He says his windows are so screwed up. He's ready to jump out one
I don't I don't think I want that windows 95. Okay. I'm a little bit leery. I know that rick is mr. hot shot
But everybody else is saying I don't you don't want that thing you don't want that thing and then a guy that said before about holiday all his stuff crashed
You know
We've had enough crashes lately. You know for one week for one month for one year
Enough with the crash and already all these people keep calling up and saying that you should buy a Mac
Yeah
Apple Mac and the price is almost the same now. It's a little more expensive
Why not? I mean, I'm the money is not a money is no object when you're loaded when you got the big bucks
Money is I'm not some kind of a shlipper here that's asking for like a bargain. I've already got a piece of crap
Why did I start with a piece of crap? That's the question because I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't have good advice
In addition to which I thought well all I'm ever gonna do with this thing is do the quick and stuff to book keeping and write some checks
And maybe did a little around a little on the email and then I got bored with that in about five minutes because it was kaka it was kitty crap
See the problem with the internet with this whole thing with computers not kitty porn. I said this yesterday. It's true. It's kitty crap
You got a bunch of overgrown children out there with no lives sitting around but at least it keeps them off the streets
exchanging information and how to build a pipe bomb good stuff like that
Oh, but you can get it in any library. Yeah, but these people never leave the house. They're not going to the library see
Here's the mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. No. Yes. How are you okay? All right. I got a good
Good thing for you to do with that packer bell. Yeah, use it as a dini
I use it use it as an anchor for your dini. Uh-huh. It's there. Okay. I've got one
But you're right. The technology changes so quick. It's good for all day. They don't tell you anything
They don't tell you anything. I mean, I don't get it. I know
Um
A couple things two nights ago on CBS. I didn't I didn't know if you watched it or saw that it was on
Kathy Bay
Funny, but I've seen it eight million to misery. Yeah, it's great
But you gotta you gotta come up with a card. You gotta be quick. You played that card every time every day for a year
You're fine, but it's not it's not in my DCS and if you think I know where that card is now you're dreaming
You know, I'm on my way to Disney world. Yeah, my wife is sitting next to me. That's one of her favorite lines because of you
Yeah, you gotta scratch it out. I there isn't I would I would listen
I know we're almost every card at least the ones that are still here that haven't gotten ripped off for laws
Every card in this place is in the chance of my finding that cockadoody card are like
Non-existent. I would have no clue. I have no idea where that went. I have the utmost confidence
You've got three four minutes to find it before the break
Yeah, okay, listen in closing. Yes richy D from the Rooney likes a big fifth. Oh, okay
Okay, now he can see if he can find it. I would that's gone. Isn't that
It's not in here. Is it it would be greater for was by some accident
Yeah, the closest we can come to cockadoody car is cock alone. That's as close as we can come
Here's a bokeh. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was listening yesterday show there, but I couldn't call in yeah, and you guys talking about
You know life when you're planning for all that crap. Yeah, you ever see that movie
As beam movie back in 60 or somebody that was a planet had all women on it. No, and a couple guys
Crash their spaceship on it and the women took them hostages
And then after a while the women said well, you know these guys here when you know they started
The planet got all screwed up because there was men on the planet. You ever seen that movie? No
Oh, I'm both George. You seen it. Have you seen that movie George? What what's the name of it?
I don't know the name of it. Oh, keep the movie is what all planet with all women on their all lesbos
You ever see that movie is it a porn oh movie? No, no, it's a real movie. Oh damn it
It's a sci-fi movie. Yeah, never seen it planet of the grapes. No, I don't plan the grapes
Well, listen if
So what's the point what is the point is when that planet is found then I'll be interested in life on other
Oh, I see okay. All right
On the moon. I think what if women on the Amazon woman on the moon that could have been it
I don't know the name of it. I just remember you know
All women on it Amazon women on the moon starring with a guest with a cameo by Godzilla
That could have been it okay. All right say hi to fere
We have a Martha Ray. We have an open line on a green line
1894 for hey listen after she did all those teeth spots. That was it. That's when she checked out
She did enough of those denture cream and pollen and spots. She's okay. I've done my thing for mankind
How's the idioms doing by the way? She's still come on up and have a good time. Sometimes she's still doing that
Now you're not the guy was it was Phil and Phil was just putting us on again
We say you never heard of Ernie Kovacs
I do know that he must have been putting us on I'm praying that it was only a joke
Here's the pop it'll be tell oh
Yes, I knew yes, sir. Yeah, this is Rick. I called you about a couple moments ago saying that pack up
It was nothing good for you know, wait a minute
You were already on once you're out of here Rick no way
We have an open line and Brad I know this is the see what this is gonna turn into now. I'm so sorry
I am so sorry. I apologize profusely
I'd rather talk about little red ants on Uranus than talk about this
I mean I mean
Because now it's gonna get into a pissing contest
We got the one guy that you're all experts and see this is the problem with experts is that you get 10 different experts
And they're gonna give you 10 different. It's like the stock markets the same thing
The bears the bulls the bull shot the bear facts the bear ass everybody's got a different story
And when you're sift away all the bull crap, but you know farther ahead of the game than when you started
Said it seemed because if they all knew the answers then the answer would be the same
It's like it's like a question to which they're like is today Friday. Yes, okay?
Is today in this town in this place is this Friday
Last time we check v. R. Nase. Okay. That's it
Although I wish it was coivase because I like saying that
But
They're all gonna give you different answers. So yeah, that's why I'm becoming more confused by the second
But it is going some good time here's the four-letter deal hello
Four-letter deal
Oh, we're on hold well too bad. We don't have time to sit around dittle with your crap. Okay. Here's poppin. Oh hello
Yes, sir. Oh, that's that clown again. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello
Ladies Hollywood
All lady in Hollywood on the purple line. Yes, okay
Um, it's true. You're saying everyone's gonna call you're gonna get all kinds of different opinions on this computer thing
Yeah, I've got a pack of belt and it works great for what I do for what you do
I mean because you know, you're not using it for you know building stashels or anything uh-huh
But anyhow, I'd like to suck around for that bc boi city
We have an open line in date 751 w.i.o.d
We have one under purple line mobile won't sell it
You see what I mean if I ever ever ever ever have a woman called his show who ordinarily wouldn't call me if
Her life depended on if we had free breast enlargement certificates to you about
Uh, and then start sucking around for something for free. Don't I just don't do that. Okay. There's no lower thing that you can pause
You could go out and like put some little kid in a pizza oven for 20 minutes
And I would respect you more than doing something like that
Did you hear that?
shameless
And I was wrong wasn't I there's so desperate somebody would take that piece of crap
Guess I say it like this
610
W i oh
D man for Florida news taught the entertainment radio
610 W i o d
That because remember all those assholes that were lined up at midnight in Texas and all over America
But especially it was in Dallas or Houston somewhere and they were lined up like thousands of them
Because the stores were like staying open and right at midnight on that night
They were gonna like open and start selling windows 95 and I hope that a lot of those people are probably an alloo
Been brought right by now wouldn't you think?
They're so well and deservedly so what were all of those people gonna do with their windows 95?
What was the multitask man?
Yeah, multitask this okay all those techno nerds
That's what we got it reminds me of the thing with the laser display and I know suds takes great umbridge with this but too bad
It's a piece of crap and no matter how many times they keep trying to resurrect that which is what about 100 times
Now rc a try to because I guess they still got about three million of them sitting in a horror warehouse somewhere
That was the biggest waste of time the biggest piece of dreck and they're always skipping
And not only do they skip but you can't re could they finally come out with the one you can record no
They still haven't done that and of course the promise was have no fear because very soon we're gonna come out with one you can record on
And you buy those stupid this very very overpriced all but the quality is so much better than the uh then videotape no it's not
No, it is not
Go on get yourself a super vhs vcr
Although then you got it and then start recording a bunch of movies that's the answer
Because I was gonna say you can't really buy too many super vhs tapes
And that's a sad thing too, but hey people want a rena movie for like a buck and a half or 99 sensor two bucks or whatever it is and they're cheap
Which is fine you don't have to sit there and have like uh, but then we got hd tv coming in any day anyway
And it's just got to get better and better and clearer and clear which by the way all you computer nerds
I'm really curious
Since there's all this um
pornography on the internet, okay, and you go in there and there's pictures of guys doing guys and girls doing girls and guys
Everything that's ever been invented, okay
What is the uh what is the attraction with that?
Do you know what i'm saying? What's the big deal?
It's really not very scintillating to watch you these uh and they're not okay even if you got the best thank you so much
The best quality computer that mine the best monitor that money can buy
What is the point?
Can't you go down to your neighborhood the video store and buy every uh, Debbie does Detroit and Debbie does deer field and see actually like living it with with
Crystal clear quality crystal queer
Or can't you go out there and get yourself a satellite dish like the ten footer and turn on anic and get like every
X rated channel that's ever been invented
But no, they're watching like still picture because it's in their computer
It's such a kick to turn on your computer and see a picture of an ached person wow
woo
I thought they looked pretty good. Well, I'm not really sure
Here's a mobile and curl gables. Hello good morning Neil. How are you?
I'm okay. I'm very confused and I'm very proud of it. Okay. That's good everybody's confused
Listen about a year ago. I took a basic computer programming class. Yeah
Very fortunate to have a software design instructor teach the class. Okay, and I'll give you a synopsis real quick on the different computers
Okay, please
Apple is a very user friendly computer. That's what I need something that's user friendly
Well, what I recommend to you because it took me a year to buy my own personal computer
And I went with an apple, okay, because I thought it was more comfortable to me than the IBM's or the IBM clone
But there's one drawback to going with the user friendly computer. You're locked it their own software
Meaning there's a lot of guys that bootleg IBM's clone
computer software you can borrow back and forth their copy back and forth
But with Apple you whoever you if you have an apple you have to work with an apple user in order to get copies of their software
Okay, so
Good luck to you on your selection. I recommend you sit down and demo a few computers to see which one's more comfortable with you
And which one you're happy with and
Notify what okay, okay, thanks a lot
Openline and date 751 well, that was a guy who like you know, he says maybe the Mac is the answer maybe not
But he's not selling anything see how like that because when somebody's peddling something of course
He's gonna have like a little ass to grind
Openline and date 751 we got one and Broward 524 we got a pair on the green lines where they know no computer from their rectum at
189449463
1800 you think all the Yahoo's have well they must have if they were all lined up in sexist
Even the Yahoo's have computers the nose pickers in fact those are probably the ones that are all always chat rooms. They're chatting on it
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah
There's there the ones that are changing exchange and the information about the bomb right that good point
Listen, I'm God when it comes to computers now. I want to get into it. It's just the nature of the beast and your frustration is
Evident but listen, I didn't know God had temples on his ass
Yeah
I sent you a fax concerning computers and if there's any in maybe that's why he's always in such a bad mood
Yeah, I as many places as I've been into both public and private
In falling computers and whatnot. There's no energy column. I'm telling you they make love to the computer
That's there there are only way to
That's very sad commune it is tragic
tragic I know and I can't believe not a goddamn word has been said about the
big ad in the Sunset no concerning this
B. S is going on with the
Panthers they want it 10 year later. No, I don't I'm not gonna I don't want to talk about it
I just I'm so tired and every time there's like a you know another
Another
Rock in the road that we have to hop over another road block the newspaper and the TV
They they build it all up into a big song dance. It's already the ninth of august now you think since the season starts
I mean camp starts since september 1st exhibition games like september 15 or something like that
Okay, so do you really you really believe that there's any possibility a
That the panthers aren't gonna play any arena this year and be that the arena deal and browards gonna fall through when it's already engraved in granite
I don't think that the broward thing will fall through but I never in my life have heard of
Or felt that a small time politician like corroyo. Yeah, I'm needed to be assassinated. Well
What can I tell you just keep in mind he's a pimp
He's just Mickey Eerson and the Miami-Hurled's Pimp and he's just doing their bidding that song
Just and create sickening it's a sickening as those people in their god darn computer
So I don't even own one I build them all god darn day, but I don't own one because it's a pain. Okay. You know, it's good to talk about it
Have a god darn good day you two. Okay. That's gall darn gall darn good day
Y'all come back now and you can't say gall darn anymore. Yes, I can
I can say gall damn I can say you go bladder. I can say whatever that god damn stuff. I want as it right now
We have an open line and a green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three. It's eleven thirteen at
W. I. O. D. Hi everybody. This is Phil Henry. I'm leaving town as you know at the end of the month
If you've never heard my show, I want you to know I am leaving town
But please do listen to me in the afternoons
But remember what mac davis said baby don't get hooked on me. I would want to see that happen to you
Phil Henry two to six feet on news talk and entertainment radio six ten W. I. O. D.
Shannon I'd foppner. We all know how Shannon walkers courageous three hour
Happen day attempt to enter the citadel ended head healthy
It hurts to quit
Oh, and I don't think I look good on the shore it seems
But Shannon's story started two and a half years before helwing and now
A. B. Sleeze presents you can go to hell. I quit the Shannon for
The night of Shannon time to work out. Let's go
Everyone in the fall of your household new Shannon would have to be in tip-top shape to complete the rigorous training at the citadel
Yeah, I can eat
I can eat more battery cadet 13 12 more twinkies without one kind of
Probably learn how her rigorous training changed everything
Uh Shannon we're gonna have to break up
This citadel things made you too much woman for me
If you ain't gonna finish your prize can I help you can go to hell I quit the Shannon for
Your story is the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life
You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks Sunday night on a B. Sleeze
1117 at W. I. O. D. We have a couple we got a pair in date 7519 463 751 W. I. O. D. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great
I'm calling about your downloads. Yeah, well about we downloaded the yesterday wasn't uh huh. Well what it is is before you open those applications
It'd be a really good idea to run it through a virus check
Because I've done it before and actually had my computer system crash from downloading a virus
And it's just not a lot of fun. Yeah
And I just thought you'd want to know that because if you just go home today and open those off you can crash your whole system
Really really uh huh. I'm a matter of fact
I have a friend who did it who was downloading an antivirus program
And he opened it up and it ate his entire system
Great. Oh great another reason just to
Throw the whole thing into pool right well
I would I would agree with you if it wasn't my job to sell him
I understand
So you know it's hard but I think I think I was right if I would have just stuck with my quickened and stuck with my doing my checks in my book
Keep it and nothing else. I would there would be no problem
Neil you wouldn't have a problem in the world if you would have just stuck with that. I think I'm gonna stick with it
That's probably a good idea. I'm gonna stick it. All right. You have good day Neil. Thanks a lot. Good bye. Okay. So how do you like that?
Then you got to worry about the antivirus and the hint of virus and the uh hepa whatever that it is
I mean enough already with this crap
Jesus what you know no matter what they come up with no matter what invention it is there's always somebody there who can screw it up for you
There's always somebody waiting in the wings who can screw it up
And then we have to start worrying about how we defend against that
So I think really you know there are choices you make in life and I think the choice you're dealing with here is
What's the tradeoff is it worth is the is what you do with your computer?
I mean if you got a business I can certainly understand that but I'm talking about the average schmuck out there like me
Or the average schmo out there like George if if you just are using it you know to dittle around with a little bit
Is it really worth the effort of going through all this crap and all this expenditure of cash
And all the heartache heartache and heartbreak and frustration
I think there ought to be a class action lawsuit myself
I mean Bill Gates has got a lot of money. Let's get together in suis fat ass or skinny ass
Because I think that they've done a lot of things just to frustrate and to aggravate and palpitate and agitate and they're doing a good job of it
I'll get I'll give that and the one he's got to let money
Here's for a lot of day on the purple line. Hello. I don't forget pulsate. You're right. How you doing Neil?
Okay, good. I would just call into agree with you as far as your computer
terminology goes there with the x-rated stuff
Want me? What's the point in sitting there and watching this x-rated stuff when you can go down to the local adult
homo theater? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, and stick it in your nose. Right
Or you can go down to your basement and stick it in your ear
Open line indeed 75194631 on a purple line pound iod
Here's a mobile in a fort lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Oh, don't profess to be an expert
And I'm not looking for any great crap. They don't worry about that. Okay. Oh, basically
I'm about that beastie boys
Right basically have the same if you're looking for a computer. I've been a master user for about 15 years
I love it, but I don't think you can be around too much longer
If you're looking for just like great computer. You aren't blaming you don't think what's going to be around the max system
So gonna be around for too much longer. Why not?
There do that a lot of problems with the software problems and people had a situation where
They were going to go in with joint ventures IBM and they basically threw it them over
There's a big lawsuit about a wild back
And software I think Mac is still superior
IBM has a lot of problems when there's only five systems
I mean a lot of bugs and it it basically crap still
But
If you want to just assist them for yourself. That's good reliable
You know, what's the point you want to use it for? You want to like for kids and playing on games
Back at more fun stuff like terms of games and stuff like that
This is
You gotta Windows 95 unfortunately. Okay, and get a new phone while you're at it
We have an open line at date 7 519 4 6 3 7 5 1. We got one in Broward 524
I got to be honest with you during this hour. Well actually it started about 9 15 during these two hours. I've learned nothing
Uh, because on the one hand while it sounds like some people are informative and helpful and are what they're talking about almost immediately somebody else will call and give you the exact opposite
But hey, that's what it's all about
eh
Right
You learn something what get a map
The guy this guy just got through saying that it's all gonna be obsolete in two years. Were you listening to this rocket science as we just said out that that applies to all of it everything
Yeah
So so who needs it who needs it then
If you got money to burn are you making that kind of big bucks that you got money to burn? Oh, there you go
That's why I'm diddlin with a used computer and I can't figure it out and it won't be right
Well, just keep diddlin my mouth. We'll go down to that cinema with that guy and have a good time
And by the way, he's right it is far preferable
So 11 22 at WIOD shop be interesting to watch we have an open line on the maybe you'll be able to download that open line on the green line
1 800 944 9463 here's a mobile and four-law to Dale hello
Hi, Neil. Hi, sir. Okay. First of all on purpose like all by saying that I have a certain amount of trust in you and respecting you
Having listened to you since that was nine years old like driving the school my grandmother's ball about
What she wasn't too well for but regardless? Yeah
Um, I'll start off by saying that I'm a computer professional. I own a business in the four-odd L area
That's not really the issue of why I'm calling
But I do want to set some of these computer people straight in what they're trying to tell you
Um, the basic reason why the pack of bells the asters the dells all the big company computers are basically crap compared to a custom built system
Yeah, it's because in order to cut costs they're building everything on a one component
So basically they're trying to put everything onto the motherboard and if you try to do that you're causing a problem and bandwidth
And it's not a pretty thing
That's that's the big reason why it's really a bandwidth issue. They're slower than your average customer machine
In a real basic in a real basic sense
Yeah, and the other thing is is if you use a computer for what you want to use it for
Not for one other people tell you you want to use it for if you want to buy a machine
You buy it for how you need it and you buy it to the specs you want it
Not what Bill Gates is telling you to do or what this guy from IBM is telling you to do or that I just telling you to run this software
A quick and earthquake books or whatever you just have to do it for you if you don't do it for you
Then you're not making a wise decision. Yeah in any sense of the way
I mean in all the time. I mean I've had different aggravations with the computer because I've had two of them in the last three or four years
But in all the time that I've had one
I've never had so much aggravation is six and a half hours yesterday and downloading a bunch of crap and trying to do a bunch of crap and
No matter what the hell I did it was just wasn't gonna work
That I think they built that pain in the ass factor in there to keep people like me as business. Yeah, I really do
But you know, what do you want out of life?
You know but good luck with your machine. Hopefully your problems worked out and everything should be copestatic
Okay, you have great deal in Daniel. Thanks
Open line in date 751 we got one in brown. 2524 one on a green line 1 809 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 809 4 4 W I O D
I mean it would be like your television set okay
Your TV set every time you turn it on in order to get to channel six or to channel four or whatever channel you're watching
You would have to go through some kind of
Gyrations and about an 80 step process to get it and then even when you thought it was gonna come in all of a sudden
Well, guess what you still can't get it because well, we're not gonna tell you you figure it out
I think there would be more people doing a Paul Harvey junior on their TV screens than you can shake your thing at
Here's for a lot of deal hello
I don't know okay, listen how long you had your Corvette for how long yeah long enough well how long you've been owned Corvette
eight years okay, would you drive before that?
What did I drive before that before the Corvette crappy cars? Okay? Well you buy in a computer take the same approach you do with the Corvette
You want to buy a great car go and buy a Corvette of computers then what is that I don't know you off fine
Yeah, yeah, but see there's a big difference in that is that every day out of necessity coming to work going home
I drive my car, you know I'm saying the computer you know if a computer is that important a part of your life
I guess I would agree with that
But I don't need to use the computer every day. Where you just posting around with it right just pot exactly very well put just
Potsking around with it right okay
Well, that's I got another call and okay, I have a great day to open line
No, I understand what he's saying and I said that to Rick this morning
I guess if you're gonna start out you get the top of the line. You don't did it all around with a bunch of crap
But then you stop and you think I made it a investment of although the difference really isn't all that much is it you know
Between 1500 and 2400 away
We're not talking that much of a difference between the bottom of the line and what we could be considered the absolutely best that you might buy in your home, right?
Am I right?
I'm talking myself into it. Here's the mobile in high a Leah. Hello. Hello. Yes
Quick piece of a bottle. Well, you don't need it because you already stuck with the computer if you feel that way
And anyone is trying to get a computer
bad phone
bad phone you're like a
Yeah, but you've got all you're breaking up call me back okay, I can't give you a chance because
Like that okay, I can't give you a chance call me back call me back when your thing gets straight now when they put you in a good cell
7519 463 751 W.I.O.D. We have an open line and date here's West Palm Beach hello
Neil yes, sir at the best of both words. Okay
All right, this is the one you want you got a pack your bell now. Yeah, so you got a bunch of software on there that you don't want to get rid of right
You got quicking on there and a whole bunch of others right all right get an apple
That can do both windows, dust and off of the apple stuff
Yeah, and it's only 1500 dollars the same machine I got right now. No, yes, and you get a monitor
Free monitor you get a modem pretty good hard drive. Yeah, and you can go back and forth
It gives a window 3.1. Yeah, it gives you dots 6.2 and the newest max system
For 15 for 1500 bucks 1500 bucks with a monitor with a monitor
I can't even give you the name of the computer and you can call up the number. Okay, is the performer
640 cd
DOS compatible
You can press the button it goes back and forth you can be in windows one second
When you flip over you can be in a Mac. Huh
So that means you can go into a comp USA you can go down any aisle
And purchase any type of software you want right
For 1500 bucks 1500 bucks unbelievable unbelievable
You can get a modem you can add to anything you got a cd ramen it yeah, so
I don't and you can you know you can play cd's it doesn't matter if it's an IBM
It sounds almost too good to be true, you know now you got one. Yeah, perfect
And where did you get it?
Through the um, it was through mail order through um macware house right
And I think they're you know they probably even have it on sale right now and stuff like that
But I mean it's a good machine. Okay. I'll check it out. It doesn't need to be a war course. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. How do you like that?
How do you like that like I said there is a big difference better course like the other guy said
We know why spend 1500 wing and spend three or four grand
Here's a mobile in high alia. Hello. There we go. Is that better? Yeah, that's better
Anyway, what I was saying is when you're looking to buy a computer especially the people again stuck at the people
Nothing about computers. Well, that's me. Well, at least that wasn't beginning. There's you need dad you need that
Um, you need to just find out with the what the applications you want to run
What are the requirements the system requirements and then when you find that out find out what you know that it's that it's a
greatable don't buy a system that's you know they're getting off
Stagged because it's a older model and a new technology coming out is not compatible with it
And as long as you have something that's upgradable and you know you don't need to spend a lot of money
Yeah, and you can start off slow and then so I do need this much more
You know megabyte of ram or this and you start upgrading as long as it's upgradable you should be okay
So what about what this guy just got through telling me never heard of that
I never heard of that but then again, I don't buy anything from mail
Or female okay, and then the last question is what does packer bell have to do with computers
Or like that when a packer bell. Yeah, have a nice day. Okay. Good point. What does packer bell have to do with computers when you come right down to it
We have an open line at day seven five long because I'm serious
I'm really I'm gonna go home the first thing I'm gonna do is just take that thing and smash it to smithereens
And I'm gonna feel a lot better what
Well, can I have it? Oh?
Oh, can you have it? I'll buy it. That's what George wants. He wants me to that's a good idea you have it
If I can find that one he's talking about you can have that okay, so you better start working real fast and finding that other one right now, okay
1135 at WIOD
Called a race course home with a festival of the sun where there are always more ways to win
News talk and entertainment radio
WIOD
Hey, baby. I'm gonna use you as a sex toy
Jerry Garcia the leader of the grateful dad is not grateful
But he is dead his wife had his cremated ashes sprinkled in India and in California
But I wanted some for my fish. Here we go. See it was so fat
We had to keep the crematorium cooking for three days
There's lots of Jerry for everyone. I want me some ass and producing Jerry's human flesh flashback fish flakes
Cool now my fish can get the same sensation. I got a dead chose
Wasted man
I'm not training
Really
Feeding your goalfish we brownies only these are made of Jerry's skin
Hey, I like them too man look for the tie dyed cattle at most fish stores and head shops
1140 at WIOD 20 till 12 we have an open line on the green line
18944 here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Hey, yes sir. You know, yeah, I heard you talking yesterday about
You signing up to aol
Yeah, well, let me tell you that they're very eager to sign you up
But when you go cancel because I was getting these uh 15 free hour crap on
That's what I got that's what I stuck in there. Yeah, well, I got news for you
You're gonna get a bill from now on for nine dollars whether you use it or not even though you don't even go past those 10 free hours or 15 free hours
They automatically sign you up and I was signing you up for what
For as a membership you're a member already
That those ten those 15 free hours are up. You don't use your PC anymore. You don't use the marathon line anymore
And you're gonna get a bill for ten dollars a month
You mean afterward. Yeah, yeah, you knew that no, I did not know that oh well
I didn't know about either and then when I try to cancel
There's only one person in the entire industry that can do that they wouldn't cancel me
I have to go through hell to get to get canceled. Why is that me to they wouldn't cancel you run on the phone
Why not you have what do you have to get our plan to go to Washington or something?
I'll hold me on the phone, but they gave me hell. Give you hell about what?
About canceling
Why
They just do the girl on the phone told me know you have to call this one 800 number to get canceled
And I did and then she says no you have to call this other one 800 number to get canceled and you they just get me the biggest run around
To get canceled finally. I was able to call my friends. This is only stop payment. Yeah. This is only a marathon line. Yeah. Yeah
So
Good luck man. I'm glad they went down the other day
Hope they go down forever that would be good. Maybe that's just an omen. I'm telling you. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the warning
I got news for when comes time in fact
I think I'm just gonna say goodbye to them now. I'm gonna go right a caustic note
And I'm gonna mail them a letter and tell them if you don't to get that crap out of my computer
If you don't personally come and just get that take those discs and stick them more the moon don't shine
Insert them deep into your rectum and get out of my life
Yeah, they must it must be really because they had a piece on this morning
I'm seeing end about the fact that they're signing people up like crazy and they're also losing people like crazy
So maybe they make it very very hard to cancel
But they're evidently people are finding a way because the piece this morning said that they're uh it was on the uh financial news
About how they're off tourists because people are canceling like it's going out of style
Yeah, exactly good
Here's the hollywood hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You got your tape recorder ready
My tape recorder. Yeah, I got it my web core
Yes, we do I think he really stinks he smells like poo
And now that he got in will get screwed
Open line and powered 5249463524 wiod
What do you uh what do you did with them? I'm talking to the apple guy right now
I just want to remind you that the sound card is screwed up on my uh my uh piece of crap
On my packer and packer bell that's all right. I got a sound card
I'm just telling it. I'm just warning you advance. I don't want even though the course the price is right and I would give it to you for free
See the poor suds. He just keeps losing out all over the place first
It was that laser display that I give away to somebody else for free and now it's this packer bell
That if I buy another one, I'll give them to George for free
I'm always giving it a bunch of crap boy because he'll it takes up a lot of room in a closet
And in the garage and wherever else you're gonna stick it or maybe just in the dumpster would be good
Here's West candle. Hello. Good morning Neil. Good morning. Is it doing again?
Uh, yeah, it's doing it
But anyhow last night I was mining my own business on the way to the library out here in West candle
Yeah
And I stop off at Denwick C to get some bread and some soup
And I'm standing in the express lane
And there's this guy behind me look sort of dump me with a t-shirt on glasses curly hair
And I'm packing my stuff in the bag myself. Yeah, and this guy starts talking to the cashier
It's Gilbert
Oh
Hi
And so he follows me out of the store. Oh, no
And he starts yelling at me to tell you
To change the programming on waxy
And I said how the hell is he gonna do that
First of all, how they know who you were. How do you know you were a listener
Well, I said you're Gilbert
Well, I mean you can't miss his voice bad move though bad move. Yes. Yes. That was my era bad mistake that he was saying you get
