I'm Jackie.
I want to make you feel like a little.
Thank you.
And I'm taking it right here.
Where your dog eats you?
My dog loves me.
So what does he do?
Bite you, hello?
He was a little hungry.
Yeah.
Twice, he's got like a major gash on her arm and on her leg.
Covered with a patch.
He's got a German shepherd.
Now, suds, I found out this morning, and is this true or you're just making this up
to make her feel better that you got drug around by a dog?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's true.
I was like, I was drug by a dog.
I was like, about five or six.
And what happened?
It dragged me in a round in a galley in the snow for about an hour.
It just had to be by the bed at least.
You didn't crap in your arms like that cat when I was five years old.
I had a version to pussy ever since.
Like, can't crap in your arm?
Yes!
Oh, geez.
I was five years old.
I got picked up this cat down the street.
I'm carrying it home in my arms.
Yeah, I was a stray cat.
Yeah.
And it cracked right in my arms.
Well, it finally felt comfortable.
It was fun.
No, it did not.
No, it did not feel comfortable.
It felt warm and squishy.
No, I'm talking about the cat.
Yeah.
And if I have to see that damn turd spot again with that litter box, that plastic litter box.
Oh, here we go.
I see where this is going.
Have you seen that?
Yes, I have.
I mean, those are like elephant turds in there.
Right.
Don't call it a cat lase a bomb like that.
Did you see that doesn't bother me?
Did I even have a cat crap in my arms?
Oh, well, I don't want to see any more cat crap.
Harkens memories.
Oh, you know, I got news for you.
I had you all.
I thought about it.
I was about to invent it.
We could have bought this place and we invented that.
Whoever, that guy is making a fortune.
On the cat crap box.
Yeah, for every cat lover, they've got to have that.
I was listening.
I don't have that.
I was going to get one for my kids.
What do you mean you don't have to have it?
Isn't that, I don't know.
I don't want that thing.
How do you clean up after your cat?
Huh?
How do you clean up that?
Just step out the door.
Out of the neighbors.
Is that what you do?
I don't know exactly where they do this, but.
Under the bed.
Oh, good.
Well, they dig a hole.
Yeah.
So, you know, it's kind of hard to see unless you've
I'd gone dig around the bed.
Yeah.
They think it's just a colony headless monk.
Don't cat people usually have litter boxes?
Many do.
Do you hear that Jeff Hyne was hiding food in the yard?
Yeah, at the salesman in the litter box.
I heard he was hiding it in his office from his shoe.
He hit a burger in his shoe.
No, he didn't know.
Yes, he did.
He hit a burger in his shoe.
What kind of a burger?
Pretty moldy by now, I would guess.
He hit and he put it the shoe on.
He hit a burger in his shoe and smuggled it into way.
No, in the room.
In the room.
Right.
Why did he do the war?
Why did he have the highest food?
Are we looking at him?
Just so that he would always have something there to pop in his fat push.
But he doesn't have probably hit something there too.
He just...
Oh, God.
What a thought.
No wonder I hated that cat.
Wow.
So you got the load on the meeting this last week or the conference or whatever?
Well, George has got the other side of the story.
I'm not touching that one.
A lot of story.
Yeah.
About the hot tub and he was not some unrebished, not as well.
I can't see how the gutter's on people now.
Well, George already told a story.
I said, here with my mouth a gap.
That's how he sits, but there's usually something in it.
I would not...
Why would he need to hide food though?
Did they stay by themselves?
And the best part of the deal is he roamed with Mullen.
Oh, so they didn't stay by themselves?
We just didn't hear a feeding us to that line of BS.
Right.
Well, I'm finding this hard to put together why he would need to hide food.
Why could he just come back with a burger?
It's not like you look at him and say, gee, I bet you never eat.
He was saving it for later.
In his shoe.
I kept the warm in there.
Okay.
I don't know.
Maybe I just don't understand the food process.
Okay.
So he stashed a burger in his shoe.
All right.
We have lines over to day and 7-5-1.
You keep looking at that phone.
You know, while you were gone, we actually had participatory shows.
Oh, get out of here with this crap.
Now you're sounding like a Henry.
Am I lying about what?
As soon as I came back, the phones died.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It's like they wait.
They wait for you.
They fall apart.
Are you not?
Suts.
Yeah, these things were full.
Huh?
Oh, a fat boy's in the evening.
Is he here?
He won't come out.
Jeff.
Yeah, he's got a burger in his rectum.
Jeff.
Take off your shoes.
I'm hungry.
Yeah, he just squashed against the door.
Anyway, yes, I'm not kidding.
What?
That we had a, we had plentiful phone calls all the way until 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
I think they wait for you to just come in and unleash your blood.
Oh, stop with the stories.
Wait with the excuses.
You're starting to sound like Phil Henry now.
No.
Jesus.
It's God.
Adam, is that a fact?
I don't know.
I wasn't here.
Oh, that's right.
Suts, is that a fact?
Yeah, that's a sure thing.
Yeah, you don't know.
You were here.
Yeah.
I'm just making it up.
I believe that.
We have lines open and date 751 WIOD, Broward 5249463.
Here's a mobile.
Hello.
Hello, sir.
How's it going this morning?
Oh, perfect.
Down here for a little bit.
Can you tell?
Well, well, I have a movement for about an hour.
Yeah.
But I'm down here from Orlando.
Glad to hear you guys.
I guess I'm not believing that from a couple of weeks ago,
with a shift change and all that crap was going on.
No, it's happening.
It's happening.
All right.
This is it, baby.
Yeah.
Because I heard Phil yesterday.
I thought he was going to be gone this month.
It's well-soated Phil.
Let me say it again.
Phil Henry's last show is September 27th.
Okay.
We've announced this.
It's been in the newspaper.
Over and over and over again.
Over and over again.
And a problem is, see, we have a little bit of a credibility problem developing there.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought I was thinking yesterday.
I came down here yesterday and I was listening and I'm like, what the hell is going on?
So, I...
Really weeks from yesterday will be the note lineup.
Now, answer me this.
Are you exposed to Ron and Ron, where you are?
Yeah.
They're on J-R-R, I believe.
What are you listening to in the morning?
In Orlando.
I usually listen to Howard Stern up there.
How did we know that?
Well, I've certainly give Talk Radio up if Neil was up there in the morning.
If you guys were in the morning, you guys were in the morning up there.
I'd listen to you.
But you just said, Ron and Ron were up there.
They are.
I don't like, can't listen to them too much.
Well, try and time your trips for the afternoon then when you come down here.
Because if you're listening to them too much it makes you gay.
Or I for all of you.
That's right.
That's that guy really puked.
Yeah.
But I was going to ask Neil a question.
Well, they're going to be doing mornings for us, sir.
Oh, well, they're good.
I mean, I just...
I mean, they're all right.
But I...
That was good.
That was very good.
That was very good.
It was very good.
It was very good.
That was very good.
That's good.
I was going to ask Neil.
Did he see Booguius yesterday on CNN?
He doesn't know who that is.
You have to pronounce it right.
Williamson.
No, I didn't see him.
Booguius.
I thought I was right.
I said Booguius.
Didn't see him.
Yeah, he was on Talkback Live and he...
Him and a Black guy started coming to each other.
Yeah.
The Black guy being...
Some Black guy in a suit and the audience started yelling at him.
Johnny Cochran was an...
But ten times better lawyer than he'll ever be in.
You know, there was a thing on...
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
They started yelling at who?
Booguius.
And Booguius.
And Booguius.
And Booguius.
He was a ten times better lawyer than he'll ever be.
Johnny Cochran's a clown in anybody who reads the book of know that.
That's exactly what Booguius...
Booguius.
I'm not sure.
That's exactly what he was saying.
He was like, have you read the book, sir?
Have you read the book, sir?
And the guy was like...
Well, first of all, what do you...
Yes, that show with Susan Schnuck, right?
Yeah.
That's the Talkback Live.
Why you watch that show?
What's wrong with you, man?
I wonder what's the outrage, God.
Oh, God.
That's the worst show in history.
You know, on the learning channel...
On the learning channel the other night,
they're doing a thing, a two-hour deal on OJ, the trial,
what's it called, the memoirs of somebody who was like sitting right behind what's...
She didn't even read in a cold match.
Yeah, who is that?
Memoirs of who?
I can't remember.
Who's the guy who's sitting right behind the golden girl?
Right, exactly.
Very insightful.
And a lot of things that you didn't hear before, like Johnny Cochran knew that he did it.
And he said, well, horsey did it.
Yeah.
Absolutely that he did.
Oh, they meant that last night.
And what do Cochran say?
He's denying it now.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking about.
What about his first lawyer that dropped the thing like a hot potato?
Right, exactly.
What the hell was his name?
Howard...
And did anybody...
What the hell was his name?
I don't know.
Howard, some Jewish personal lawyer.
His personal lawyer.
And then he like found out a little too much.
And he told him a Shapiro can take it, but Cochran was a friend of it,
so he told him, don't take it.
Right.
They got more than enough.
I found out something interesting.
Cochran had never won a murder trial or something in like 20 years or wasn't.
And a Jewish trial and never tried one.
He'd never even tried one.
Right.
The black guy in the audience was going, I mean, I'm not a racist here.
Why not?
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, Google, I'm saying.
Very good.
Howard Weisman, that was his regional attorney.
Yeah, he was just like screaming out there.
You remember when Tardashian...
So sick and tear these professional coons, man, I can't stand it.
Remember when Tardashian read that letter after they busted OJ on his wild ride with his friend Collins?
Yeah, they met that dude.
They met Paul Halleluia, praised the Lord that black people don't ever commit a crime.
It's always a frame up.
Did you happen to see the date on that letter?
Jesus.
God.
How can there be so many stupid people reproducing so rapidly?
The date on the letter was dated two days.
I guess what?
There ain't no more welfare.
Before the ride.
God, am I stupid?
I don't know who to listen to.
Record Neil.
I'm thinner.
Go on both.
I just like you're rejected.
I'm just like you're rejecting here.
Just to use a little razor blade, splice it up and you'll get both of them.
I'm going to be one of the boys with a hood.
He's talking about with this yellow notepad.
Wait a second.
Now did you hear what I said about the letter?
Yellow notepad of what?
The letter that Tardashian read from OJ.
Do you remember that?
After he got busted, he said,
I was a suicide note.
Right.
Did you notice?
And it wasn't made mention of during the trial.
The letter was written two days before the ride.
Right.
Yeah.
Like he was already apologizing and he knew he'd done it and they were getting closer in on him.
Did you hear him talking about the lie detector test and a score of like minus six or minus eight would be real bad news?
How about the 20 month?
He told me he's sick.
From the from the Jeep from the Bronco about Tau.
It was her fault and she she brought it on herself.
He said that.
OJ, yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
I was also in the book.
I have to read the book by the book.
I have to read everything in the book.
I keep looking for a book by the book.
I will never see that book anymore.
I can't find it.
Margaret probably stole it.
Anyways, or what do you need to know?
Well, they were saying on TV his name is Boogey.
I don't know what that is.
No, it is not his name.
His name is Boogey.
I was thinking why do we go back through that again?
What difference does it make?
What is name is?
Because they said on TV this man is perplexed.
Yeah, well Susan Schnok she would know how she'd be the authority on it.
Well, she kept cutting them off.
I kept on hearing what they and he was saying.
Did he perhaps?
We can't we can't we can't we got to go to break now.
Did he correct his name by any chance?
Uh, he said.
Well, how do you pronounce it real quick?
Boogey.
Well, that's because apparently the G is silent and me growing up a Los Angeles for 20 years.
He'd been referred to as Boogey.
That's why he's just like that.
That again.
How do you pronounce the freaking name?
Well, I believe this guy he said he tried 30 something cases and only lost one.
Yeah.
And he never lost any other, I don't know what else.
Is this a guy who said that if OJ was innocent and running a coal we're still alive?
Yeah, he said they have things to.
All right, got a run pal.
All right, thanks.
Well, you're not.
All right, here we go.
Who's this?
You know who this is.
Oh, then.
Well.
How you doing?
Hi, Neil.
Hey, Rick Sudd.
Who?
I came to the front.
I came to defend myself.
No, that was not a hamburger in my shoe.
It was a piece of flaming yarn that my wife attacked.
Because I had a nice leisurely lunch down by the pool.
Was this before or after you, I find out that you were in the hot tub with some strange woman.
I was not in the hot tub with some strange woman.
Was it Pat Mullin?
No, it was Tom Denver.
Now.
Well, hey, Mullin.
I'm going to say it's sort of Mullin.
And Mullin's wife calls her room as 230 in the morning.
I want to know if your wife always packs meat and your shoes for you.
And what I put it in my shoe just to pack it, because I packed my own clothes.
He packs his own meat.
So you wrap your meat and put it in your shoes.
It was in a surprise.
He did.
He had to pack his own gloves.
Was it?
Was it?
Was it?
I'll leave on that note.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
So you're calling to verify it was not a burger, but you actually did have meat and your shoes.
I had a piece of flaming the honor of my shoe, yes.
Told you.
I am very frightened of that.
Yeah, and you smuggled in food and kind of hit it around the property.
No, I did not hit it around the property.
I went ahead and I, as soon as I checked in, I put my shoes on the floor in the closet.
Mullin being the meat fray.
And he had to lay a soul on the other side.
That's right.
Mullin being the meat fray that he is goes ahead and rearranges the closet, because everything has to be in a certain order.
Like I news for you, if I were roaming with somebody and I noticed their shoes were in a closet and meat was hanging out.
I might make many of it all still out as meat.
That's right.
But anyway, here I am sleep.
I'm finding that they're wanting 2.30 in the morning.
Mullin's wife costs.
Yeah.
And goes ahead and I have to leave the room because they're having a discussion and an argument.
Oh, I do have to leave the room.
What were they having an argument?
I have no idea.
I didn't want to know.
Why?
Because, no, I'm a dust.
You actually got up at 2.30 others, you probably went to get some food.
No, no, I didn't go to sleep until 2.30.
I was out with Mark's trigger and some other folks from the house.
Nobody would have left.
That's his problem.
So what's the story about the broadened the hot tub?
There was no broadened the hot tub.
There was a bunch of us swimming in the pool, Thursday night, Friday morning.
We're getting a ruling from the judges.
No, over here.
No, no, sorry.
We heard there were 2 in the hot tub.
One of them was you and the other one wasn't it was the female.
Somebody thought 2 people in the hot tub was just me.
Okay, yeah.
It was a tie.
Anyway, now, by this phone call, did you expect to clear things up?
No.
Because I had somebody he'll tell me about this yesterday.
I just thought I'd call up and say good morning.
Oh, well, you have a strange way of doing it.
And besides, they got some new sponsors to both of you.
It's like I got to talk to them.
Fine, leave some meat and issues and put them outside the dorm.
We'll talk to you later.
It's 9.49.
We won't do this spot, so anyways.
I kind of like the fat Hank Goldberg better.
And WIOD.
So this will be what?
September 30th, money.
And it's starting to get pretty crowded back there.
What?
Seven, it's 9.53, 7 in front of 10 o'clock at WIOD.
September 30th, what?
This show.
No, whenever we move into the new building,
is the day that I'm doing that show.
I'm not doing it in this building, which is not an act of...
You know, I'm just...
That's not an act of cowardice on my part.
That's just an act of common sense.
Absolutely, yes.
However, it's just becoming more ambiguous by the day
whether we're ever going to move into that building.
And you notice how magnificently they are now timing it
so that the entrance and the exit of certain people in the building
we never see them, not that I'm complaining.
Don't have a good thing.
But it's fantastic.
It's just amazing.
They're like in their little cubby hole up there
and there's almost like an invisible shield
somewhere in the hallway.
Well, they work for a different company.
Yeah.
And so they don't feel they shouldn't meddle.
Outside of the fact that they occasionally dropped
well-placed barb here in Europe
about how your life is going to be miserable in the future now
that you're not with us anymore.
But that's just like, you know, instead of saying hello in the hallway.
Let's go to what is this?
Hollywood?
I have a 14-report and good show dragon.
Yeah.
You think, man?
You think, man, say in Hollywood, too, you're a liar.
I am not.
You are a liar.
You can't call from Hollywood on the 800 line.
Yes, you can.
You can't do that.
You can't do that.
Like I say, so what are you doing in Hollywood?
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm in Hollywood.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I got a spy report for Neil.
Yesterday, Phil Henry had fat rich on there.
It was really him.
No.
But listen.
No, wait, let me ask you this question.
Seriously.
You heard that, right?
Right.
And you believe that that was fat rich?
No, but fat rich called.
At 225, fat rich called and cracked Phil Henry.
How do you know?
I know fat rich.
As voice he said, your audience is stupid.
Blah, blah, blah, he talked on for a few minutes.
And how do you do that?
That wasn't fat rich.
That wasn't?
No.
At 225?
No.
Neither the mumbling voice that Phil was doing.
I have no doubt that.
Nor the old guy who's old enough to be fat rich's grandfather,
they're called and neither one of them was fat rich.
Yeah, that was fat rich, Cytoman.
No, the one that called was fat rich.
No, it was not.
Are you sure?
Neil knows fat rich for a while.
I've known fat rich for like 10, 15 years.
I'm telling you, it wasn't fat rich.
Well, I thought it was, it sounded like him.
Are you sure that wasn't fat rich?
No, he's not talking about the mumbling, he's not talking about Phil.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's talking about the old guy that called.
No, it wasn't, it wasn't either.
It wasn't an old guy, he's talking about the fat rich.
Oh, okay, it was him.
It was him.
It was him.
It was him.
Everybody you called yesterday was fat rich.
Yeah.
It was a bit over.
He was talking about 25 years ago.
Outside of fat margarit.
Oh, damn margarit.
He was bad.
Yeah.
Talk about it about y'all.
Yeah.
I know.
Well, see, it's always easy when you're going to rip the crap out of somebody to do it another voice and then argue with the other voice.
I don't know why I get out of here, I don't go along with that.
That sounded a bit...
No, I don't know.
It's always much easier to do it in another voice.
It will always take self-cross.
Oh, I got a great...
Is Montagrete is a buttflug.
Okay, okay.
So, that's going to do it.
It's 9.56, 4-foot-a-tell-tell-tell-tell.
What's that's going about?
The roughnecks, not the rednecks.
Did you ever find out about that?
No.
Some guy read out of some...
I heard that.
And that was the end of discussion.
That they're from Ireland, which I find very hard for you.
They're the next U2.
Yeah.
Did they sound like you did?
No, they did not.
You think I would have listened to it a little bit.
Hey, exactly.
That's what I'm thinking.
Who wants the first U2?
I can't believe that.
Nobody knows anything about music here.
At least not in this audience.
Oh, that's a fact.
Even the pet shop boys, which I thought were very popular a bunch of fags.
Aren't they a big group here?
Yeah, they used to be.
They, in fact, knew a...
What did they used to be?
Have they done anything recently?
Yeah, of course.
They got a new...
I saw their new video last night, which sucks.
And then that other one, which...
No, we didn't have one call with the name of it.
They play that video every five minutes on MTV.
The old pet shop boys.
The old pet shop boys.
The old pet shop boys.
What was that, Rich?
What was the original pet shop boys hit?
West End Girl.
The Wester End Girl.
The Wester End Girl.
That's what it was.
This is like in between.
It's like the one before whatever their new single is.
This was the one before.
It was a gigantic hit.
And it's got like a Hispanic name to it.
Say to something like that.
And the video is got all these young people in the beach naked.
And it's unbelievable.
And we don't have one person in this audience that knows what it is.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I don't have a clue either.
I'll see that on something.
And it's hard also because since we're watching here all day long with no sound,
you don't know what song it's played.
In fact, it was on here yesterday.
I potted up the audio was on MTV Latino.
All we ever see is this.
The mocker radio.
No, but seriously, that's why nobody sees it.
Because first of all, MTV Latinos only on like two cable systems in all of this town.
Right.
And it's been...
Wow.
I think there's one other besides Gold Coast.
There's one other one in Highly Air.
Oh.
There's like a bunch of Spixar.
And that's it.
So nobody else sees it.
And if you put on MTV, all they got is nonstop rap music, man.
Is there anybody white that sings music anymore in America or not?
And I even brought up the 3T, which they're almost black.
Yeah.
And...
Well, I lost.
I'm thinking about the UPN network, but then we won't get into that.
UPN network.
UPN, yeah.
Why would you be thinking about that?
Well, because you talk about rap music and all of that and every sitcom that I hear about yesterday,
it said too many black sitcoms.
It's...
They're all black sitcoms.
More like shit tonight.
It's just like the population.
Moisha and Hormone.
And it produced real fast.
Hormones and outer space tonight.
Yeah.
I got to get Hormone wanted.
If black people can reproduce that fast, why can't the sitcoms?
Don't they land on the planet Carquicia?
Carquacious.
Carquacious, yeah.
Anyway.
They tell all the people on Star Trek show up black.
That'll do something.
Yeah.
As opposed to Purple and Green, which they are right now.
Well, they've got a black vault in this year.
They could have the Hispanic version and tell them
under they could have Mr. Spick.
So, you know, it's 958 at WIOD.
They're...
Run!
Gotta fight it!
What a...
What a...
You're lunger!
I mean...
Wow!
In the fall, with the quiet fall, with the rabbit sweeps tonight.
I sneak wide off, I get him tied up beneath the pale moon white.
My gun is wetty, my hand is steady.
I've got him in my sight.
Don't wanna kill him, just wanna dwell him.
I hope he's nice and tight as I.
We move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away.
I wipe my dipstick up on his whipstick and thank him for the dance.
But he's no witty, he's right-knit baby in the riverance.
As I, we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away, I we move away.
I we move away, I we move away.
That's what I call splitting hairs.
Hey!
What's up, Dad?
What's up?
My wife, my soul.
Okay, 10 past 10, how come they had a rune there with those rim shots?
Boy, I hate people that use rim shots on bits like the thing that they, if you do on a ESPN radio all the time,
that Tony Bruno, the one with that hyena laugh, for that forced fake hyena laugh and all
those rim shots like they're sitting around trying to convince themselves that they're
doing something funny.
Anyway, it's 10 after 10 at WIOD, happy Tuesday to you.
And as little as we knew yesterday, it was very gratifying to be driving home yesterday
and here, Margaret ripping me and I started out ripping Rick and SUDs and me, but then
it kind of degenerated into ripping me.
And then of course that fat rich on the phone mumbling in coherently, I guess the La Cajua
folds a fat, we're getting in the way of his diction and it just was impossible to understand
what the hell was going on.
Thank God at least it wasn't Phil that was ripping us because then I would have felt bad
about it.
But at least if it's Margaret or some other one of those voices, then Phil can always
argue with it and deny that he was the one that said it.
I was telling Rick a minute ago that I have the feeling that maybe Phil is on target with
this thing after all.
I think these last three weeks here before the sale goes through September 30, it could be
a major verbal blood bath.
And quite frankly, that's okay with me.
I mean, it doesn't bother me in the least, but at least it's something to talk about because
there ain't nothing going on.
Packers are going to win a Super Bowl.
They looked awesome last night.
We got the World Cup to the finals starting tonight in Philadelphia.
We got the Canada and the USA and other than that, there's another, then we got, then
how come nobody called me yesterday to tell me since I've lived in plantation for a lifetime
that the plantation town mall burned down while I was gone?
Did you know that?
Do you know which one that is?
That's the one over there on the Broward Boulevard where CJ's Pizza where I guess is the most
notorious stir in there.
There's also was a public center.
I'm not, I'm not really sure what the deal is.
How much of it burned down or anything about it?
Maybe somebody will call or maybe not as the case may be.
But that's this audience.
They're still too busy trying to figure out, you know, about the pet shop boys and what
the name of that song is.
Did anybody call yet?
How, listen, seriously, how is that possible?
That song was such a major hit and granted, not everybody's into fact music like the pet
shop boys or their videos, but it was like a major hit, okay?
I mean, when I'm starting to feel like I'm moving a step ahead of this audience in my
taste in music, you know we're in big trouble, big trouble.
It was like a span, like a spick name, say to say to say three, say four, say a couple
of Hail Mary, something like that.
And nobody knows the name of that song.
God almighty, you get the feeling like you're like in the wilderness, like you're speaking
out there.
Now look at the phones now that everybody and their brother know what's the name of
Maybe they all know what's the name of it.
Talk to one of them.
It's not, it's only like three words.
It's three words.
It's like three Spanish words.
It's a great song.
Forget about the video and all the naked guys in there, which is really great.
But what about the name of the song?
Comeo Touteyama?
No, now get out of here.
Comeo Touteyama, my ass.
Perry, comeo this.
Oh my God.
I think Barbara had a point, you know what?
10, 13, and W.I.
Don't think Vita?
Yeah, that's it.
Now you're getting warm.
Now you're getting close to it.
Well, that's three.
He's the closest.
Something Vita.
You think that these, well see the spics do know, but they don't want to call it
and tell us because then we'll know that their closet case is okay.
It's okay to come out.
It's okay to come out.
It's okay to be all sound the same anyway.
What?
They don't know?
Unbelievable.
Did I say 10, 13, and W.I.
Do you feel yourself lonely, lawless for belief in a higher power?
Well then why don't you go to church?
They're on every corner.
Phil Hendry, 2 to 6 p.m. on news, talk and entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
So anyway.
You know, Fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
10, 17, and W.I.D.
I'm not gonna proceed to we find out the name of that song.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
W-I-O-D.
The name of the song is Eris too.
Yeah, right.
Oh my God.
Eris too, is that what he said?
Oh, must have been looking in the mirror.
751, W-I-O-D.
I'm not moving along until I find out the name of that song.
It was on here yesterday.
Don't tell me that that song wasn't...
It's like a European thing now.
That they got songs that aren't released here that I'm like dreaming.
It was on MTV Latino yesterday.
And believe me, it was more that propaganda stuff.
US videos that they're pumping out to those spicks down there.
So it'll probably be on at the same time today.
But too late.
Yeah, no, seriously.
You're right about that.
They do show these damn same things over and over and over again.
W-I-O-D.
It's Panna Nero.
Yeah, right.
Panna Nero.
Okay.
751, W-I-O-D.
The winner of the person that's got the right title of the song wins a date with himself.
751, 9463, 524, W-I-O-D.
1-800, 944.
They were lighting up there frantically their moments ago.
And I thought...
And there's something La Vida.
Something about life.
As in, go find one.
Go get one.
Get a search party.
I'm telling you.
W-I-O-D.
George.
Yes?
Is it old-sex Tracy?
Is it old-son or new...
I'm calling it.
Is it old-sex Tracy?
I have no idea.
Is it old-sex Tracy?
Is it old?
I can't believe it.
Turn it around.
Turn it around.
Turn it around.
Turn it around.
Turn it around.
Jesus.
What's the name of it, Juan?
Domino Dan.
No, it's not Domino.
Dancing.
I just got through San, it's got a Spanish name.
It's like three words.
They have a new brand new album that comes out today.
Yeah.
So it might be off of that album.
I'll find out about it.
I'll call George.
Okay.
Hey, plantation mall.
Yeah.
There was the public's sign.
Yeah.
And it's like a couple stores next to CJ.
CJ's had a fire in their place.
Jesus.
So in other words, it was an extra cheese pizza that started it.
Too much oil on the cheese.
Too much grease.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks, Tracy.
Send those gritos back where they came from.
You know what I mentioned that yesterday?
There wasn't one.
And I was...
I'm glad to see that too.
I think that was a good sign that people do understand the difference between real Italians
as in the people from Italy and the Guitos from New York who give...
Italian Americans a bad name, most of them.
And then there's...
I mean, there's no similarity whatsoever.
Just as there's no similarity with much of the...
So-called Italian food.
What?
What now?
Everyone has a stick line.
Everyone's calling it some stupid, stupid...
Well, what do you want to expect?
Well, Tom, to stick it in there.
Correct them.
W-I-O-D.
And you all have a name with this song.
Yeah, bet.
Panna Nero.
Yeah.
Panna Nero.
Now, what does that mean?
He already called it and I hung up on him.
No, no, but there was another one that said the same thing.
What does that mean?
You're the one that knows Italian.
Panna Nero is an Italian...
Boy, it's not a...
So, in other words, you're telling me that the pet shop boys are Italian now?
No.
Is that what you're telling me?
No, what the...
The Italian pet shop boys.
Brother.
All I can say is...
You know, Fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
Okay, 751 W-I-O-D and Dade, 524 and I...
We can kill four hours with this because we're never going to come up with a name for it.
We aren't.
And it's everywhere.
It's all over the place.
Why don't you call up Gabe Baptiste over there.
Call up somebody at MTV Latino.
They play the video.
It's a great song.
It's fantastic.
And I don't even like them, okay?
I like their videos, but I don't like them.
They can...
I was going to say suck, but they already do, probably.
A lot.
But it happens to be a fantastic song.
And as usual, this is a cry...
You know, and I can't blame you because when you listen to FM in this town anyway,
what do you got?
The same crap.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm sorry. The title is say Avita, the pet shop boy.
Right.
I think that's it.
Say Avita.
I think that's it.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
All right.
Oh!
Yes!
Yes!
Now, was that so hard?
Was that so?
Goddamn hard.
See Avita A.
I beg your pardon?
That's the way life is.
See Avita A.
Thank you, Jeremy.
And they keep repeating it over and over again.
But it's a great, it's a fantastic song.
Is it an old song?
Is it a new song?
Has somebody got it?
Whatever happened to all our music connections,
besides Tracy, with that stale old stuff she sends us all the time.
Whatever happened to that?
What happened to our friends over there?
At the peaches and herb and specks and all these other people?
Whatever happened when we used to be on the ear.
Anyway, thank you so much.
That's the name of the song.
And if I were you, I'd go out and buy it right now.
I'd go out and find it.
And I'd also probably bring one over here.
And I'll play it over and over again.
It's either that or Luis Miguel, one or the other.
Or in Riquet Egrisius.
Boy, he is, there's another good cut which I'm going to play today.
By the way, don't let me forget.
The thing about, something about religion.
What does that call?
Oh, it just goes on and on.
It's called Experiancia religiosa.
And I don't think the allurex have anything to do with that, to be honest with you all.
It does start getting real gospel Bible thumping in there.
And it just goes nuts.
It's great.
Nice going, Enrique.
1022 at WIOD.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
610, WIOD.
Get down on your hands and ease and lick my boot.
Boots and what?
What's in boots?
It's the did, she bout a bitty in my city.
Not as old as dirt, but she sure is pretty.
Oh, I tell you, it's quite a pity.
Lifting on a loan on social security.
She not acted, it's a true setup.
Walked in by the door in her brand new gift.
She trips, she falls, she tracks to call.
I fall and I can't get up.
I fall and I can't get up.
Yo man, didn't I see you in one time?
I'm at your at night.
Me and the crew used to polo that blew her.
And now she's not allowed to dance.
They drove her away in an ambulance.
Make it get to commercials, make it better, fucks up.
I fall and I can't get up.
I fall and I can't get up.
So wouldn't you know it turns out, and this bear is out
exactly what I was saying before.
It turns out to be not a Hispanic name.
It's an Italian title.
Say Avita A.
And what does that mean?
That's the way life is.
That's the way life is.
And the name of the album is bilingual,
which is the new album which is coming out today.
And Tracy said she's giving me a copy of it,
like immediately if not soon or probably tomorrow.
So that's the name of the song by the pet shop boys.
That's probably why I saw it on the TV over there in Rome
is because it's Italian.
It's the pet shop boys in Italian.
And the point I was making is you notice that the American guidos,
they don't know from nothing Italian.
All they know is a big bunch of sauce.
Just take a whole bunch of sauce and ladle it on a bunch of noodles
and that's Italian.
And the interesting part of it is when you go to Italy,
which have been there like over 30 times now,
the American tourist and there are far too many of them.
But there are a lot of them.
They're not Italians.
They're like Irish and they're like Jews and they're a variety
of other goyms.
But there's almost no Italians.
It's like that kid that the 27 year old kid that called Phil one
day several months ago said, well, I'm Italian,
but I would never want to go to Italy.
And I came on the next morning and I said,
what kind of a moron would say something?
What is he afraid he's going to see there?
What is he afraid is he going to find out what being Italian is really all about?
Like maybe you'd have to, you know,
sew his foreskin back on or something like that to please George?
They don't really mind to be honest with it.
They don't care one way or the other.
They're not like judgmental about stuff like that.
They don't care.
Whether you got three skinned foreskin,
just just kiss me on both cheeks and that's it.
And mean it.
That's all.
Say, I Vita A.
Say, I Vita A.
It's a Canadian, it's an Italian, Canadian song.
What's wrong with you people?
When are you going to get to the 21st century already for Christ's sakes?
You're living in the past in the dark ages because you're listening to all this crap on the radio here on FM.
All this slush music.
How many times can you hear of the same garbage over and over again?
Haven't we heard credence clear water revival enough yet?
Enough yet?
Yeah.
Exactly.
Jesus.
God, if I have to hear.
Roland, Roland, if I have to hear that one more time, man, I'm going to take that radio.
I'm going to just, I'm going to shove a fat boy right through it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
Sweet home Alabama.
How many times do you rednecks have to hear sweet home Alabama?
Well, just one more time.
I could understand if you're over there in the dunder dome in Tampa.
Oh, you ought to see those rednecks go crazy when they play that over there.
Yeah, I'm here laughing.
I'm serious.
They just go ape shot.
Oh, yes, sweet home Alabama.
Pick that thing, baby.
We don't care if it never heals.
Just pick it.
Oh, God.
So anyway, 524 WIOD is the Broward number.
We're waiting to see a little action over there.
We're not going to see any.
I can see that already.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Oh, bad connection.
Real bad.
Call me back the worst.
Well, at least she tried anyway.
751 WIOD in day.
The Broward lines are all open for you.
5249463524 WIOD.
And the two green lines, 1-800-944.
9463-1800-944 WIOD.
So I come in yesterday morning after being away for 10 days.
And I had had that legitimate call from the real fat rich at home the afternoon before.
Just an hour, just a scan hour after I walked in the door to give me his usual hysterical spy report and yet a job.
And all I did was come in yesterday morning and ask Rick and SUDs what it was that was going on, especially on Phil's show,
because I heard about these bizarre things that were going on.
And all of a sudden that turns into like now the knives are coming out and we're stabbing each other in the back.
So like I said, if it's going to be a bloodbath for three weeks, I mean I don't really see any reason why it should have to be that.
But if that's what people want it to be, more power to you.
I have no problem with that at all.
Here's Coconut Grove.
Hello.
Any or radius, how you doing?
I haven't called you in a long time.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, Leo, my day will just be pressing.
My day was going great.
Mine was too up till now.
Come on, Leo.
You're so chronic, man.
Let me chronic.
I haven't called you in the longest time.
You know, the only reason why I called you today is because I'm off from work and you're back from vacation, which takes where ponderous.
My God.
Anyway, I was jogging down by money trainers this morning.
And guess who I saw?
He was jogging past bot.
Just by me.
Brian Northcross.
I called him.
I turned around and tell him, my Brian, you blow.
He shook this ahead.
He's kept on jogging.
Yeah.
What a moron.
Leo, I was talking to a buddy of mine.
He's a Muslim.
And I've heard that the Muslim people...
That a Muslim people, yeah.
The Muslims, you know, when they get married, all during their lifetime, you know, the man or the woman, they don't see each other naked.
That's why the woman carries so many stuff on them.
Shmatas.
Yeah, whatever you call them.
Anyway, so I asked his guy.
And does this Muslims or Mormons?
No, Muslims.
Because the Mormons, you know, have that glory hole in their underwear?
Well, in their magic underwear, they have a little glory hole in it.
Yeah.
Right.
But these people, you know, I told you this.
Let's do one for old glory.
I couldn't believe it.
But this guy told me it was true.
So I asked this guy.
He's a good friend of mine.
He said, yeah, we're not supposed to see our wives naked.
Why not?
So I don't know.
Just a girlfriend.
How about their boyfriends?
No, nothing.
Or the lady can't see the man either.
Yeah.
In other words, these people go through a whole lifetime, you know, 30 years of married or whatever.
So in other words, if Richard Nixon would have been a Muslim, Pat wouldn't have been able to see Dick.
Is that what you're saying?
Exactly.
Naked.
Unbelievable.
Can you imagine?
I mean, for a moment, like, let's say you, you know, you've been living with a Luiz McGill for a long time.
Oh, Jesus.
And you're not able to see him in the life.
I sure wouldn't be waste of my time here.
I'd see it.
There you go.
Unbelievable.
I know my braille pal.
I can feel my way around.
Neu and closing.
Yeah.
Not only Neu and Rogers, it's a great deal.
See ya.
Take care.
Okay.
He redeemed himself with that little bird.
We have an open line at day, 7-5-1.
We have an open line at the blue line, 8-5-2-4-9-463.
That was something about suds admitting that there's all that cat crept under his bed this morning.
He thinks it's just a smell of the balloon.
He had people with cats, man.
You need some serious assistance.
I'll tell you that right now.
And my version of the pussy cats has been like, you know, it wasn't just a cat that I had my arms that crept all over me when I was a little kid.
It's just every time you see cats that rub themselves up against your legs and you think, boy, aren't they being friendly?
They're not friendly at all.
They're just horny little bastards and they're just selfish and they're obnoxious and eerie and the creepy.
Cats and the pussy and the people who are, what's the name of that book?
Here's Miami B.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
That plantation mull fire started in the pizzeria, an oven blew up.
Yeah.
40, 40, that woman was crazy.
Public only got a-
What do you mean that woman was crazy?
That was crazy.
She said that.
That was our good, close personal record friend, Tracy, that sent me the album bilingual by the pet shop.
You're businesses.
40 businesses burnt to the ground.
What does she know?
40.
Yeah.
Public's got a little smoke damage.
That's it.
40 people.
They were on the news.
They were crying their eyes out.
This is-
They built up for their entire lives with destroyed in one hour.
Unbelievable.
And it started in CJ's pizzeria.
And you know, every business owner probably ate there at one time.
I would think so.
Of course.
Yeah.
It's absolutely in there.
It was okay.
Unbelievable.
Wasn't sensational.
You were ready.
Huh?
You were ready at the time.
Yeah, it was on Friday, right?
I'm going over the week.
Right.
Well, how come all these things that happened and nobody has told me about them?
I'm finding out a days later in old-stale articles in the newspaper.
And you live there.
Right.
That's amazing.
I live a stone's throw from there.
A rye.
I live a good rye, strong rock's throw from there.
I know you do.
Yeah.
And also-
Well, let's be pressing.
We set our condolences to all our good friends at CJ's.
I think they-
We used to be a sponsor one time many years ago.
Yeah, they were.
Long time ago.
Right.
Yeah.
They were, I know.
I've eaten in there a few times.
It's okay.
Yeah, well, not anymore.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
Well, maybe the pizza loft will-
Maybe he'll come up with a different location for his reopening.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
Okay.
We sent our condolences to all our good friends at the Plantation Town Mall.
It's a landmark in Plantation.
Plantations are pretty, you know, it's okay as bedroom towns go.
It's not really all that bad.
It's certainly as sure as hell it got the cramp beat out of sunrise.
It sure got the cramp beat out of like Pembroke Pines.
We don't have any cemetery village in Plantation or any acres with all due apologies to George.
It's got the cramp beat out of Hollywood.
I mean, you look at the various bedroom towns which South Florida is just a compilation of one after another after another.
Just a whole bunch of disconnected bedroom towns is what this town is all about.
There is no downtown Miami.
At least not one recognizable one that a buddy shop said or walks around in and without taking her life in her hands or something.
There certainly is no downtown for Lauderdale that has any significance.
Would you say there's a downtown for Lauderdale?
That Lasolas is not downtown for Lauderdale.
Lasolas is a bunch of artsy, artsy shops and restaurants.
Very pretentious.
Overpriced, very pretentious, very plastic, touristy exactly.
But there is no one.
I've told you that for 20 years and there still isn't and there never will be.
And there never will be any Miami arena either and Mickey Harrison is going to be crying to blues.
And you can be sure by the way and I neglected to mention this yesterday, you can be sure that the Miami Herald is going to be behind RTL hookline and stinker, okay?
Because Alex Pinellas was the one commissioner that had the balls to vote against the arena in Miami.
And he's the one that's running against RTL for mayor for Metro Mayor.
And so they hailed with all of their connections with Mickey Harrison and with what's his name over there at Channel 6 that the grave robber Ike Siemens.
They're all going to be accrued together and they'll be back in RTL to the hill.
You can bet your life on it, okay?
You can bet your stinkin' life on it just like they back Joe Carrillo in the city of Miami because they got him hookline and stinker locked up too.
But guess what?
People like Joe Carrillo and the Miami Herald and Tony Ritter and all those goyem over there.
They're not getting their way anymore.
How do you like that? Too bad.
And let me make it very clear to you one more time.
Just keep this in mind.
When a man whose name, whose last name ends in a consonant, takes on a man whose last name ends in a vowel, no contest.
1037 at WIOD.
Why don't you go back to New York, you want bastard?
I greased you little goodos talking to a wise guy, fella.
Said I went to bed with two girls and belly bitchie, Della.
Turns out I was your mother and your youngest sister, Stella.
Hey, Bafangula.
Driving down my highway in my eye, rock with my honey.
What's on a school car, passing a walk, who owe me money.
So I blew his tines with my spit and wasn't gunny.
Hey, Bafangula.
Bafangula, Bafangula, Bafangula.
Like a star in Australia, the only family for me.
Bafangula, Bafangula, Bafangula.
Like a poor Donkoye, only in John Gaudi.
You will find a business very busy, down in Vegas and as far as New York City.
In New Jersey, it's not hard to find us.
In fact, they don't really see no mind us.
Remember Jimmy Hopper, all the money that he's paying?
And the best I've never paid us back, we didn't see his end.
Now he's working for the man of lands holding up some man.
Hey, Bafangula.
Oh!
Bafangula, Bafangula, Bafangula.
Bafangula, Bafangula, Bafangula.
Bafangula, Bafangula, Bafangula.
Hey, Bafangula.
But the 1043 at W.I.O.D. we got a couple of lines open in day 7-5-1.
If you're really rush, if you're racing the phone.
Now somebody says it's Portuguese, it's not Italian.
It's say Avita A, which, that don't sound like Italian to me anyway, to be honest with it.
Somebody says it's Portuguese.
So if there's anybody from Brazil out there that knows they're Portuguese,
or if there's just somebody out there who like can't speak straight into the Corrathon and Grafius,
who speaks with a speech effect, call in and make a fool out of yourself.
Here's Miami, Buenos dias.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Great to have you back.
Okay.
Hey, listen.
Do you say so?
Well, no, believe me.
It's great to be had.
Yes.
Hey, listen, a buddy of mine, we're going to be not being able to listen to you for a while.
Why not?
Well, we're both going to be starting the fire academy this coming Thursday.
You're going to be sliding up and down those poles together?
We're going to slide.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if in our parting, if you could do it favor and play that OJ parody that you got
where he sounds really funny and whatnot?
Yeah.
Oh, where...
Now, let me ask you this.
Ask me.
What do you...
Where is fire academy?
Is it like here?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, it's over by Miami-Dade North Campus.
And you like live there?
No, yeah.
Are you moving there?
Are you a bunk up with each other?
Is that it?
No, we don't bunk up.
We bunker up in the bunker gear.
You're a hunker up in the bunker, yeah?
Right.
But we go there really early in the morning, seven o'clock.
No, do they really grease that pole when you guys slide up and down into a void like, you know?
Grease print?
Exactly.
Whip lash.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They grease it up and it makes us really be able to slip and slide.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, slipping and sliding.
Wow.
So, uh, you know, we just want to say goodbye and thanks a lot for all the memory.
Okay.
What do you mean, goodbye?
Well, I mean, goodbye.
You're not coming back at the end of 16 weeks.
Are you going to go off and seek your fortune to be a fireman in debukers somewhere?
No, no, no.
We just, uh, you know, goodbye for now anyway.
And, uh, you know, hopefully, uh...
Hopefully by the time you come back, we'll be in our new building and get out of this mess and we'll have like a life.
That's right.
Hey, by the way, uh, that green bay game was awesome.
Oh, there it is.
I'm telling you, Brett Farve last night.
He was incredible.
He was throwing passes into a crowd.
I mean, he was like pinpointing.
I have seldom.
It was great.
I won't say I've never, but I have seldom seen a performance like that in my life.
It was spectacular.
They look awesome.
If anybody out there doubts that the packers are the team to beat this year, they're dreaming.
They did look really, really well.
Yeah.
They really did.
And I'll tell you what, listen, you know, we might be starting out on you, but don't just count our dolphins.
Yeah, well, you know, Dave, Dave Hyde again stole my show from yesterday and writes a whole thing.
I'm going to call him in the paper today, repeating everything that I said yesterday about the get a handle on a hysteria.
Don't get too carried away.
He's right.
He's right.
You're the original one and only.
Okay, pal.
You're the one and lonely.
Thank you.
I'm going to go program my VCR to tape.
Moisha.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Two open lines in days, 7519463 751 W I O D.
We're playing it right after the thing.
Okay.
After we do our thing, he's got plenty of time.
Just went and doubt rule it out.
So they're going to be sliding up and down degrees pool together.
You think the fire department is kind of like paramedics?
You think that most firefighters are, I don't want to say flaming.
That's a bad question.
Look always so much.
Huh?
They look awful butch.
Well, that's because they got that big yellow hose they'd rag around and they all have mustaches.
No, they don't.
A lot of them.
Firemen have mustaches.
Neurometics and dolphin trainers.
No, paramedics don't have mustaches.
Most paramedics are like punky little kids like a
20, 22, 24 year old young guys.
Very pretty guys that were that green gown.
Maybe it's just all the ones on team.
Remember that song Alice green gown?
Well, that's what they wear.
Most paramedics are trust me when I tell you flaming.
Oh, there he goes again.
You know those faggot's they think everybody else.
Well, even if they're not, it's more it's more disturbing to everybody else to think that they might be.
1047 at W I O D.
I'll tell you this.
1053 at W I O D.
We have all the day lines open all of a sudden.
We got some new deal going on there.
There's always a new deal going on in this town.
You know, it's 751 9463 751.
So the important thing let's see.
Camnely retired while I was on vacation.
It's in the paper this morning.
Mario decides to come back for at least one more season.
Mario does and didn't I tell you that if he didn't play in a World Cup that he would play the season for the penguins.
Any will.
Uh, Canadians just a joist, a joist, a Jocelyn Tibo.
A side of three year contract.
And they also side left wing or Martin Ruchinski to a two year contract.
Who's the hell of a player?
And we got the World Cup starting tonight.
The finals in Philadelphia, US and Canada, Canada and the USA.
And that's it.
And of course we got the dolphins in the Jets on Sunday.
Sunday by the way is Fat Rich's birthday, okay?
So I guess he got his present from Phil yesterday.
That's one thing.
Let me say it again.
When you do it when you rip somebody and somebody else's voice, man.
It's always a good excuse.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Good to have you back.
You had me in stitches yesterday about the Madrid stories.
That was really funny.
It's a very mediocre place.
Oh my God.
Marginal at best.
Did you see the article or story?
I don't know if they ran into Sentinel in the Palm Beach Post about the hoax that I guess went over the TV.
I'll read it to you real quickly.
Basically, they ran an ad about Independence Day.
But they made it sound as if there were aliens coming into New York.
Who's they?
Let's see here.
Tell us Cinco Network.
And they did it on Saturday and Sunday.
Tell us Cinco Network, yeah.
Yeah.
And basically people were calling in like all day Saturday and Sunday it said that switchboards are going crazy.
Because they thought it was real.
Nice.
So I thought, oh God.
I'm sure Orson Wells would be very proud.
Yeah, they mention that.
They probably have a meal or two or three with them.
Exactly.
But yeah, it was pretty funny.
I thought that you'd appreciate something like that.
Uh-huh.
Anyway.
So it sounds like somebody running a tape of a hurricane coverage in the middle of a while.
Everybody's panicking about a hurricane coming.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
Sounds grotesquely irresponsible to me.
A deadline's wide open air.
Look at that.
Looky, looky here.
751.
Is it possible or is it just, it must just be me.
751.
9463.
751.
WIOD.
Maybe the residue of that stuff that Andy Calb was wearing yesterday is seeping through
the speakers and radios all over the county.
Didn't he smell like a French horror house yesterday or what?
Polo for men.
Plus, he was also, it seemed to me very recalcitrant for the usually ebullion and uh-flowing
forth with crap, Andy Calb.
It seemed to me that he was also part of this, um, almost hostile, you know what I'm saying?
He's, he's become very disinterested.
As you might imagine.
Well, you know, I'm glad that you mentioned that about being disinterested, okay?
I wasn't going to bring this up until I decided to bring it up, which was today.
But it's, and I don't want to sound like holier than now because I'm going to be honest
with you.
I'm just, you know, I'm showing up here every day doing the best I can, trying to make
something out of nothing.
And I've been doing that for 20 years very effectively, by the way.
But uh, you know, you do the best you can.
But when you have a little bit of pride and self-respect in what you do, you don't just
kind of, and I'm not talking about Andy.
I'm talking about people downstairs, for example.
I'm not going to single out any sales people at any level of our sales department.
I'm not going to single out any people responsible for copy, for producing it or typing it.
But you know, you go away for 10 days and you come back and people are paying very serious
money on a radio station to advertise for us to do a job for them.
And even as difficult as it was in the past before the station was a lame duck, as difficult
as it was in the past to get certain people to do their job and give us some ammunition
to work with and do an effective job for people under spending their hard earned money.
So we can do an effective job if you're following what I'm talking about.
As difficult as that was in the past, now it's virtually impossible because nobody cares.
I mean, if they didn't care before, you can imagine how much they care now because maybe
they're not going to be here or maybe they might be here, but they're not really sure
or maybe they're pissed off because nobody tells them who knows.
But if you think I'm exaggerating in terms of going and being in limbo here, baby, I mean,
we're talking about some people that just show up and take a paycheck and that's it.
Trust me when I tell you, show up, go through the motions, take long lunch breaks, run
around a building, smooth around a lot, do a lot of yenta crap, back bite.
And just like that thing yesterday, okay, that little episode that we had in here, which
of course will not go on a year.
And there are certain people amazed at the fact that I'm not more in tune with what
the personal lives are of the people I work with.
Let me just tell you this, I don't care about the personal lives of the people I work with.
I wish them all the best.
I wish them nothing but the best except for Johnny Dolan.
And that said, I don't get involved.
I'm not running around doing a yenta routine to find out which one is sleeping with this
one.
I know certain alliances we got in the building because they practically shove them in
your purse.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I mean, when you show up to do an appearance and you've got this one sitting on somebody
else's lap, you automatically assume that something might be going on there.
Do you know what I'm talking about on that?
But that's okay.
I have no problem with that.
But it's just that I'm not running around looking to find out who's sleeping with this
one and who's doing it.
I come here to do a job and get there a lot of here.
I mean, get there a lot of here at two o'clock instantly immediately if not sooner.
That's it.
I don't come here to schmoos around.
I don't come here to gossip about who is screwing this one and who's because quite frankly,
other than JC, the rain nobody in this building.
I'm interested in touching anyway.
Is there?
Did I leave anybody out?
And I haven't seen him lately either, by the way.
High in it.
Well, at least he's smiling anyway.
There wasn't a shot that was just a personal observation.
It's all that there's no secret there.
I don't start to get about how big it is now.
Good it is.
You know, Jesus, talk about stereotypes.
Now was her last husband Cuban or what?
Puerto Rican.
Oh, Puerto Rican.
Well, that's not even a contest.
Now she's going out with a black guy and the big deal is that the black guy is like four
times the size of the Puerto Rican.
Is that a surprise?
Is that a shock?
So that gets it up to four inches.
So anyway, what was I talking about before she started again with this black and white
thing?
Now, this is back on.
I'd feel Henry thing again.
Don't you sometimes wonder about that whole thing?
Don't you ever wonder about that deal?
We have an open line on the green line.
What?
Oh, boy, I'm excited.
Don't get me started.
Don't get me started today because I'm ready.
I am really ready to unleash.
If you want a blood bath here, if you want a radio war, the likes of which you never heard,
it will take very little to instigate this kid.
Okay?
Because I have never seen anything like the last four months, which has only seemed like
about 150 years and I have blood gushing out of my teeth.
I have blood gushing out of every part of my body.
I'm going through a cerebral hemorrhage as I speak now.
Your window into the soul of Stupedadie.
Puerto Boy, I-O-D, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Use dog and entertainment radio.
610 W-I-O-D.
Oh, man.
So as we wake those bastards up, here's four Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, let me ask you something.
When Mickey Eris and started this whole thing about his arena, wasn't he aware that there
was still a majority of people down there who live in date, you know, as unfortunate as
it may be, that thought to themselves, well, hey, I still got half a brain in my head.
I don't want an arena in another.
You don't understand.
They never had the intention of having it on a ballot in the first place.
Yeah.
Dan Paul became the chigger in the wood pile when it came along and started gathering these
signatures on the petitions and they wound up getting it on the ballot.
And now it's going to go down in flames beyond a shadow of a doubt in November.
There is no question.
And especially because it's, you know, a presidential election year, you have a big turnout.
Yeah.
You know, the biggest turnout is always in these presidential election years.
Oh, yeah.
So it's going to go down overwhelmingly.
I mean, it's going to take up beating the likes of which nobody has ever seen.
And they never anticipated that.
The herald people and Harrison thought they could slide this through with the help of
assholes like Joe Carrillo and some of the, you know, politicians they have in their pockets.
And they never thought that the public would get to vote on it.
Yeah.
Because I'm sure there's more than enough people down there that will still drive up this
way when this arena is built.
Yeah.
You know, and that's about it.
Okay.
Remember, Hank hates you.
Okay.
All the, what's going on here indeed?
We had a couple of assholes.
Is that it?
And that was it?
7519463.
They're non-communicative and date all of a sudden, huh?
And we have an open line in Broward.
5249463.
524WID.
Here is the four-loader deal.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
So you took a little vacation there.
Yeah.
Well, welcome back.
I just, uh, I'm at work.
I just wanted to be able to listen, you know, AM, computers, lesson lights.
Can't hear.
Yeah.
So that's AM radio, man.
So that's another one of the great advantages of being on AM radio.
People on the inside, most of them can't hear you.
Plus you get to nowhere and when they're storming outside.
Yeah.
But you do get that, uh, you get that skips sometimes at night.
Yeah.
That's right.
You get WLS in Chicago, WBZ in Boston, KDK in Pittsburgh.
All the great stations.
See, this is the thing about growing up up north is that people who were into radio,
they got to hear what real radio was all about back then.
You got to hear all these great stations, these 50,000-mod powerhouses from all over
the country.
People had grew up down here when you turn to AM radio dial.
All you get is a no-speaketing lace.
Yeah, back when they had all over the Caribbean.
Back when they had clear channel.
Right.
And, uh, back then you listened to 660, 770, and 880.
Right.
L and, uh, William B. Williams on, uh, 1130.
W-W-N-E-W, yeah.
Yes.
Okay, Neil.
And her boss, Garanderson.
Oscar Anderson?
On WABC.
Oh, I left New York after a while, WABC was still a, uh, a new, uh, music station.
What did I just get through saying?
You think her boss, Garanderson, was a talk show host?
I don't, I don't remember.
Her boss, Garanderson, was the anchor.
He was the morning man.
He was, uh, he was like older than Mathuzla, but he was on in the morning.
He was like Carl D'Souz was on WBZ in Boston.
He was there, he was 200 years old.
You better get with it, Pat.
You better do some research.
Get on that computer.
One of the things, uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, do you ever hear a salty brine?
Who?
Salty brine and WPRO?
No.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Oh, God.
Uh, we had, what's going on here, all of a sudden, man?
We were just drooling long singing a song.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
I thought we had a captive audience pretty much today, because it's another crappy day
and paradise, baby.
I thought we had a pretty captive audience here today.
Wrong.
751, W-I-O-D, Dade County.
Okay, we're waiting on you.
Yeah.
W-I-O-D.
524 W-I-O-D and Broward two open lines there.
It's 11 after 11 at W-I-O-D.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
610 W-I-O-D.
My vagina really gets my panties in a wide.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
Damn, God.
The hours pass better between your arms.
I'm feeling new.
I'm going to the lawyer's house.
I'm not really curious.
I feel like I'm melting without touching.
I'm going to the firm.
I'm going to the firm.
I'm going to the firm.
I'm going to a religious experience.
Mass.
I'm going to a religious experience.
I'm going to a religious experience.
Heaven.
I'm Ricky baby that's it name him and claim him you can have him
He's okay my book I'm sorry to that he's no one and now let me ask you this how come he says like
Corazone and what's that other word that he said in there was some other one where he did this like that and
Luis don't say that
Mexicans don't do that
Because I think in Rika is a Spanish stick isn't his dad yeah, he's a Julio
There are a lot of specs. I think that that's cool that that gets them closer to the mother country if they list closer to their mother
If they speak because they speak like if they speak like that they sound like a mother to me. I'll tell you that
Mexicans don't do that. I'm think they don't they don't speak with the list
I'm just only the Spaniard only the Spaniard the Spig yeah, I told you they think Grazio
All the people at the in the hotel the guy at the new stand. I went out and bought USA today and tomorrow in the next day
It is Grazio
And they got some crappy currency there in Spain too the coins, you know in Europe coins are much more of a big deal
And they are here because they have larger denominations like in Nethylans
And the the Spanish coins are like big and heavy
So most of the Spanish men walk around all day with their hands deep in their pockets feeling the change
Which probably is why they think Grazio
Here's plantation hello hello. Yes, sir. At least we can feel our change, but you cannot feel yours. Yeah, you
Yeah, get off their merways get off their way
When you got a sock and you got a sock over it or what yeah, get over your way, sir
You know, he waited for like over an hour to do that. That was pretty good
We have an open line in day in 7519 463 if I ever got off the airwaves man
You'd have no life who the hell are you kidding? Okay?
Put it back in your pants and stop trying to lie to the public stop trying to pretend that you're not into the show
So deeply your life revolves around it. Okay every breath you take revolves around the show you lying little spick
5249 463 524 now we got date fixed a little bit now
Broward went in the crapper. How do you like that? We just can't get or we can't balance it
We're trying to do a juggling act here today man. We can't seem to balance our ass
5249 463 that's the best we can do is that jackass in Broward. That's the best we can do it is
1121 a w-i-o-d
Ted Turner brings you for the first time anywhere the off-colorized version of the film classic gone with the wind
starring Vivian Lee as Scarlett O'Hara
And Andrew Dice Clay as Red Butler. Don't me honey. Oh the off-colorized version of Gone with the Wind on TNT
Listen honey. I've had enough of this sash sleigh
I'm out of here. I never really loved this. You lie and bitch. I guess when you had your tongue in his mouth you are cleaning his teeth
Andrew Dice Clay and Vivian Lee in the off-colorized version of Gone with the Wind
Why don't you be come ah haka because frankly yo bitch I don't give up
And coming on TNT next week the off-colorization of Liva to Beaver
Beaver I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today when you walked in the
Principles office wearing that horrible sweatshirt. Well dad. I was a little more disappointed when I found out you named me after the first thing
You saw when I was born catch all the action this week on TNT
Okay sure will it's 1126 a w-i-o-d. We got 48 open lines and date 72 open lines in brown and 178 lines on the green lines
I want to work on a station that's got 50,000 phone lines man
I want to be on all over the world and I want to just sit there and pump the numbers for 15 hours
Every day over and over and over and never take a call just give the numbers over and over and over again
God would that be great here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. I agree with the last color. I think that you should be yeah, huh great
Another guy with doing a phony dice boys just that we're good timing to right after we play that bit very good
Very original two man open line on the green line 189449463. Here's Hollywood on the purple line. Hello
Yeah, no, yes sir. Hey, I don't know what I would do without you man
Yeah, yeah, people are crazy
I've been listening to your show for a long time is my first time calling well see people that have nothing to say
They figure if they call and they pretend that they're gonna be you know ripping me and asked that you know
It's very clever and then they can go to their little boyfriends
I'll you hear me call that Rogers today and I really ripped that faggot and ask and I mean time their next their next day
They're right back there at 10 o'clock with her hand between her legs listening to the radio
They don't know what they're talking about and yeah, we love you. Okay pal. I wanted to make a shameless request. Yes. I want to hear that song. I want to wee
Oh, no, you've got to be kidding me. You have to be yanking my femur man. Why?
You mean that piece of crap? Yeah, man. Okay. Okay. Thanks. See you. See you. Sorry
So sorry
I got my seat on the old son layer 50 miles from the urinal
First quarter and the play is crucial my kid needs out about to go oh no, I got to wee
I got to ease
Gallons are topping my senses are floating excuse me please
If I don't make it to the sun a river you'll all be floating on break out the life raft
Give me another draft I got to wee
I get to dinner is bathroom, but the line is 20
I'm double over in pain here as the long line begins to creep
I forgot all about the dolphins and now they're about to score. I step out of line to watch it in line step 20 more
Oh no, I got to wee
I got to wee
dolphins are waiting my head is swimming excuse me please
If I don't make it to the can I'll be a very drippy man. I got to run out for years this fun. I got to wee
I got to wee
I got to wee
Gallons are topping my senses are floating excuse me please
If I don't make it to the can a river you'll all be floating on break out the life raft
Give me another draft I got to wee
Don't this are women my head is swimming I've got to wee
If I don't make it to the can I'm going to be a very embarrassed man. I'm not on now boy is this fun now I've got to wee
Are you sure?
1129 a W-I-O-D happy Tuesday to you from all your friends all your pyzons all your uh gunoffam here at W-I-O-D
So to be a division of packs and I noticed the clock up there on the uh thing not the clock would like the uh countdown number
They got to 20 the bud clock now. What does that mean 20 days? Oh, that's right today's the 10th of September
20 days and 20 nights and so it's going to rain we're going to wash away our sins
It's going to be raining every night for hours and hours for the next because it's an act of God man. It's an act of
Feel God right and then on the 30th of September that's a Monday run and run will be on in the morning
We haven't really heard enough a lot of response to that. That was the cart recuing just relax
Which uh whose handwriting is that on there by the way? It's not yours. You're lucky about that
It's that cart. Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second that one
So anyway a run and run will be on in the morning. I'll be on here in the midday just to piss off that
Spick that called before and then in the afternoon Rick and suds are going back to the afternoon
How do you like that? I wet my pants and then we don't know after that
I yesterday
I thought maybe Andy kelb would slip us a little inside information there about D-fo
And what the latest poop is on the sports talk show whether D-fo is coming or going or staying or in or out or whatever
But uh he was recalcitrant once again
And eight to midnight will not be dr. Laura, but we don't know what it is when that's it
Can we be any clearer than that? Can we uh draw a diaphragm for you
And these people that are still calling up like that one guy that called rictus morning. Oh
After uh after a september came I didn't under it when I was going on
I thought that you guys were playing games that Phil was still on
Let me say it again. He'll be on till the 27th of august will be the last Phil Henry show on his radio station
And then the 30th of september which is a monday starts the new lineup and that's the name of that tune. Okay
That's the name of can koon
Here's real pombi chalo. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
You know um that dr. Laura blows. She is proof. Mm-hmm. She is. I have no you know sometimes I hear these shows
And people tell me oh she's really big in some markets
Yeah, maybe like in windixie she's really big
You know, I can't imagine any other market she could be big and because she's pathetic her answers are hostile
She's so amateur hour. I'm my daughter's mother. Are my uh mothers? Uh whatever the hell that is
She wages psychological warfare on every caller right exactly
Imagine uh, I know if I had a gun to my temple if I was sitting in temple with a gun
I'd be chasing her ass. Okay, okay
Because she's the most depressing bitch I've ever heard in my life
And she's so like judgmental itself right right exactly. I mean here all these desperate desperate people with their serious
Problems who are so desperate. They're stupid enough to call our radio talk show bitch on a phone somewhere
Like she's gonna solve their problems and all she does is bitch him out remember fatso the movie fatso
Yeah, okay, remember when uh dummy the ported-horshe with the Chinese food. Yeah, he was sitting in the room in the dark room looking at the window
Get the honey junior. Yeah, yeah, if he picked up the phone and called dr. Laura. Oh trust me
He would have jumped out there. He would have he would have eaten the walls and when and bankrupt came in and hit him with that
That's that umbrella umbrella. No, it was a great the only yeah, yeah, hey, it's she's the most incredible act. She's great
She is great. How'd you like to be a fly in a wall in that house with her and Mel Brooks that would be yeah
Any other movies that she's in that you know that she's like really intense like that and bankrupt
She was in that fag movie. What the hell was the name of that? I don't want a fag movie. Well, I mean it was I don't mean it was like
Well, it was a fag movie. I don't know. She was played the mother. What was that? She played Harvey Firesteen's mother
What are that fruit fly movie tortsong trilogy? I think that was the movie. What was that?
Torch song trilogy. Torch
Yeah, Torch
Torch torch torch torch as in flaming as in the Olympics torch as in the Greeks dropping the soap torch
Porta luchis porta luchis. That's it. Hey, you know what? Yeah
And don't don't let any of these Julio's uh hey listen
I come here it goes with the territory man all these little Julios that are in their closet
You know I rattle their cage a little bit they get all nervous their boyfriends here the voices on the air they're out there yanking each other
They're having a great time. This is what their life is all about. I'm so depressed. Have a great day pal. Thanks. Yeah
We have an open line in date 7519463 751 Porta luchis cheese
Well boy, that was sure quick. Thank you so much. God it's service with a smile and a plate
Thank you Ray. Ray come yesterday's for us again. Oh yeah, I don't know where yesterday's plate is maybe show it's related
Yeah, Phil got kind of hostile about that one day
We had a plate that had been sitting there for about all of 45 minutes and he became a little bit psychotic about that
About the fact that the plates at their long gone, aren't they? Did you get yesterday's plate?
I think somebody ate it. They took it downstairs or maybe it's downstairs or maybe like I said, Phil is making a collection
Hmm nothing like a couple or really good winners to pop in your push
Just to piss off the the pseudo psycholectic whatever they are. I can't speak with the onion or my thing
Here's a Miami's gone open line in date 7519463 Lady and Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes ma'am. I want to thank you
Thank you for vindicating Italians for trying to educate the American public on what the difference between Italians from Italy and
Greedos from New York or all about yes, ma'am, but I want to go a step further and educate them as to the reason why
Okay, people don't realize that until 1860 Italy wasn't even unified as unified country
Kavor unified it unified Italy and
Mussolini
Then brought the language to be a common language during the war up until then there wasn't even any association
Between the northern and the southern parts of Italy right
Everybody in America thinks that Italians are dark skinned dark hair and citadel table leaving bowls of spaghetti
Top of the wall
Yeah, right. That's really not the way we are. I'm from near Milan
And our main staple is right. It isn't even pasta. You know something. I hate to break the news to you
Because I know that Versaude was very popular in northern Italy, but I just it's an acquired taste. I just don't like it
Well, you don't have to like it, but it just educates the people on what the differences are right there is even a
Political party if you were recently there called the political party of the north right which is trying to separate the two regions
Exactly. Yeah, and I'm not trying to put down the southern Italians because they contributed a great deal to the United States
Yeah, a lot of good they did here, but there's a very definite difference look how they helped us when they were the mafia at the end of World War two there
The what I say look how the mafia helped us out at the end of World War two
Well, the mafia yeah, people don't know that the civilians originally were blonde haired in blue-eyed
Corleoneci until the
Spanish and the Arabic and the Greek influences there. Yeah, my family is blue-eyed and light haired
And we don't wear t-shirts to the dinner table right we have matters where sin we're not in fact the people in Italy are very
And I don't know about Naples because they're a bunch of shleppers
But at least in Roman Milan and Florence are very well dressed and they don't walk around like slabs and they don't
In fact probably they're over dressed if anything like even in a summertime. It's 90 degrees outside and they're still wearing like
You won't see anybody walking around with her shirts off
We don't even understand the the dialects of the southern part of Italy, right?
Well, it may be and also people don't understand it's a shame because
America was it was discovered by Italians not once but twice
Music art culture literatures science science which people don't believe anything Germans are the only ones
With a head for science. Yeah, look at that macaroni guy right
Yeah, the radio is invented by Mark Coney macaroni. Yeah
But uh all of my life everybody always thought while I was being raised in the United States
That if I was Italian they were coming to my house for for a play the spaghetti top with sauce
Yeah, I just came back from living a year in Italy and I can tell you even for me that knows everything about it
It was an enlightening experience and thank you for educating the American
And a river d'Arche
See how do you like that? Oh nice timing too
We have an open line in Broward 524. I'm waiting for some of those New York Italians to start calling any you know the real stereotypes with the big gut
You know the big public that's because you're eating the wrong food, baby
That's because you're eating the wrong food you know Italian food from your uh
Bracken exactly and this lady is right. It's a whole different world there
Okay, and so we were good buddies with lucky Luciano at the end of the world
Okay, and so he did help the allies take over Italy
And yeah, and so the CIA did help the mafia get back into power because they were all bent out of shape about the red brigade in the 70s
Because anybody that's communist uh, we get psychotic about so we like the mafia
We didn't like the commonistas, huh? How do you like that? And I forgot to bring in that book
Don't let me forget tomorrow. I got to bring in that book until everybody to go out and buy which they won't because they probably can't find it here
They'll find that the same place they'll find say Avita a
With the the uh pet shop coin
1138 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in brown. So what was fat boy doing up there at the pasta loft by the way
Was he up there sucking around for a free meal or maybe trying to sell a spot
Don't sell too many spots on a show by the way until after the 30th of September
We sure don't want to do more than ten when we say dolphins on radio. We mean simmering mad dog
Perpetent
By your dolphins all right turn down the tv now then crank up the dolphins on the only radio station
You remember when the dolphins play news talking entertainment radio
610 w.I.O.D. So it looks like Andy's going to Q.A.M. I you know
I asked him how things are going he said well, I got uh, you know, I should know today about whatever he's got going
And I said Q.A.M. I think and he gave me like a real nervous laugh
That's the telltale sign man when they give you the nervous laugh that nervous smile. Oh, okay. Whatever you say they run out the door
So Andy's gonna be going over to Q.A.M. to be a rimmers producer on a mid-day show
Here's Tamarack. Hello
Yeah, yes sir
Yes, hi, uh, I just wanted to know if you're gonna be watching
I assume you'll be watching the start of the finals tonight. Yes, I will
Yes, and I I tell you why it's just a highlight of what's to come. I know it's gonna be a great hockey season and uh
I can't wait because it's really better than the baseball or anything else that's out there right? Yeah
Boy, I was watching some baseball last night. Man the game is just drag on and drag on
I was watching the Oriol Tiger game
Which you know is an important the game for Baltimore because they picked up a fg on the Yankees and the game just drags on and drags on and finally
You know 85 pitching changes in the same inning and you think oh, jeez it and one good thing about that is you can turn over and watch another whole
Like a quarter of a football game and turn back and the pitchers just ready to start pitching
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well that last football game wasn't there much to watch either
Yeah, but they look pretty good. Oh, well look out for the pack. I'm telling you yeah, they look pretty awesome to me
Well, I just can't wait. It's gonna be a and look at all those ex dolphins in it
They got Keith Jackson and they got who dropped an easy pass by the way and they got Troy Vincent in there
And they got the Irving Friar who got banged up
So what do you think about the three game five? What is it?
Do I think how do I know? How I know that I mean it looks like a good matchup. I mean this is I don't think so
I think the US is gonna blow them out in two straight. Oh, you don't oh, I thought Canada had a good shot too
I didn't think well
I'm not saying that they don't but they haven't been playing with any great intensity
They they had to get by Sweden in a double over time
Yeah, and they beat Germany four to one and Germany was real weak and everything I read about that game
Indicated that they played with very little intensity
So I don't know Canada's just off their feet a little bit. Well, we'll see that'll piss off Don Cherry if the USA beats the crap out of Canada
That'll really have him
Singing the blues yeah, it was reading the paper that says that's bad the whole country would not like if the United States beats Canada
Right, that's why they were rooting in Ottawa for Russia to beat the US the night. Oh
They were they were rooting for the for the Ruskies against the US. How do you like that? I tell you they really show a lot of appreciation toward us
I guess they just don't like us, you know, and I can understand why so if Defoe is gonna be going who's gonna
And when did I say that I said I was talking about Andy Kelb?
Well, I mean is it I mean what what kind of program can he have?
I mean he's the only one out there that wants to talk about boxing and I'll make a confession
I will never purchase any pay per views any more after last Saturday's fight
It was the worst thing ever seen so I but I don't understand what you just said
You said he's the only one I want to talk about boxing and there is no more boxing. Well boxing is a farce
Yeah, it's it the fans were true when they were chanting fix because it was a
Piece of crap right right right and they're just and you guys are just starting to catch on now
I I was a little bit you're a little bit you're like the little old ladies out there
They're watched the WWF and will argue right to their death until you take away their colostomy bag
They will argue that it's for real and don't tell them that it's a it's a farce. It's a show
Not you're right. You're right. It was it was it was it was it was a big guy's gonna catch on that almost any
Goon off the street will go in there and take a couple of million bucks to take a fall
Yeah, well and then the stupid thing I bought into that I didn't even realize that Don King was both fighters promoters
How do you like that which makes a lot of stand right as usual as usual
Uh, I gotta request Neil. I don't know what what the uh, African Americans are abitching about in this country for crying out a lot
White guys like you are subsidizing some of the dumbest people that were ever born and the whether it's the NBA
Whether it's boxing you name it whether it's Mike Tyson or Don King
You're making millionaires out of ignorant people. What they'll they complain about yeah, that's true. God
Uh, can I make a request yes, sir
Uh, Malanoma
Okay, thanks and have a great day. Oh, what okay, that's uh number 17
This number 17 cut 21
What do you what are you laughing about?
Okay boys and girls let's see if the old man lost it in Europe. Okay. Let's see if he came back and he's got any mammary left at all
Of course finding this number 17. It's easy to say that in New York. What is it?
What nothing
Here's this number 17. I'm not even gonna look at the Q sheet
I'm just gonna pop it in a thing and queue it up. How do you like that for confidence huh?
For confidence because I know deep in the bowels of my heart deep in the heart of Texas
Very swisher says that uh, Troy Ackman never uh, uh, showered with a guy
How do you like that?
When they tell me call me Malanoma I tend until I'm almost in a coma
How I eat my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen
Sun with me 10 with me. Hope we don't mind. I'm a little broccoli
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off I go tanning
I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist
And numerologists have to help me find the dermatologist
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma
We bake like a bun you can smell the aroma we got lots of skin bigger than a metroidoma
We don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona
We're livin' you don't have genital condoloma
Okay, 1157 good job, Neil. Thank you. You're welcome. We have an open line of brown art 5249463524 wiod here's Isla Marotta. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, longtime listener
First time caller great. Okay. Uh, yeah. I saw that movie um, Patzo
Yeah, and that's where gets to honey junior comes from right? Yeah, okay. Great
Um, I think that you were fantastic. I'm sucking around
For what? Oh just the suck. Oh, get the honey junior. All right
Um, hey listen, you don't have to have a reason to suck. That's what manwitch says
Who would say that's what your manwitch is. Oh, yeah, says you just suck for the hell of it
That's it. Mm-hmm. And people want to get not that you have to suck
Pardon I said in closing. Yeah, and closing people want to get hit by hurricanes because
Or people get hit by hurricanes because they want to right exactly right good point. Hey, can they have a shameless request? Yes
Okay, uh, how about the bunny and handcuffs
The bunny and handcuffs. Yeah, the gig with um, um, um, um, um, the bunny and handcuffs
Is that what you're talking about? Yeah, the bunny and handcuffs
Hello, I was calling about the wipe but you have for sale in the paper
Okay, what kind of wipe it's all day? Okay, I have some uh, lock
Yeah, and I have some lock
Some spotty lock and some solid color lock. Oh wonderful
And I have a straightie or doe and I have two dwarves
What are dwarves? They're small rabbit. Oh, okay. Uh, we have a farm
Uh-huh, and we like to play with the rabbits on a farm
Uh, you wouldn't happen to have any uh, like little rabbit handcuffs
Did he want? Little handcuffs for a rabbit. A handcuffs. Yes
I was so hungry I never heard of it, but what uh, well you we used them when we hunt them on the farm
We like to hunt the rabbits and we take them and nail them to a twig by their ears and then skin them alive
Uh
Uh
There was
And now I think that's what you don't do at least rabbit sir. I couldn't say you're rabbit
We have a little game we play called all rabbits must die
No sir, no sir, no sir
Uh, I wouldn't say you're rabbit
Uh, first fifty dollars. I like to hunt the rabbit. All right, it's okay
You you go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits but these aren't for keel
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively
Now sir, I'm sorry and say you're rabbit
Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a rusty water
You make the call
Excessive therapy for an hour of neo-roger's
WIOD Miami-44 Laude
Use talking entertainment radio
610 WIOD. What do you mean for on the year? What does that mean?
Did I just tell you I wasn't going to put him on here? What do you want?
I want to put your tongue in that other place
What does that mean you want to know what I'm doing? We shouldn't even be mentioning them
But the pasta loft I hear it's great. Yeah, it's disgusting
Annette you know what net from downstairs
Yeah, the lovely Annette
She came up here last hour out of the blue and she said that he she and her boyfriend had gone there and it was great
And she said that all the guys that used to work for you when it was the pizza loft are working there now including the chef the cook
Not not so that's what she said. Oh, how about the waiters what they did is they took the dish
How about the waiters there's a couple of waiters that are still there because they didn't want to travel up here
But they took the prep guys and did she said they got a nice plush stick carpeting on the floor there
Beautiful that's what she said I'm not making this up. Well, you're listening no, so in other words you heard this second
I like the real hangry thing yesterday
Tantophone calls in the last five minutes saying what about here at the hearing you plugging them
What do you mean plugging them or discuss I've never been there okay good. Well, let's keep it out
I'll be plugging them but keep it that way and then fat boy your good friend Jeff high from downstairs fat boy
He's over there right now trying to tell him a seldom spots well telling to be looking over his shoulder
For what for a long-haired Jew that's right yeah
Anyway, I just wanted to touch base
So if you get your ass going to get your place open up there and right now as quick as we can
I just got finished with the Budweiser guy
We're gonna have a panther night here with glasses for the panthers and buddhaes and Neil Rogers
Where you'll you'll come out and we'll give away the glasses and everything. It's gonna be great. We're tying everything together
What does that mean?
What do you mean? What does that mean just what I said what the hell does that mean?
What I just said we're gonna have a Neil Rogers panther night. How do you know that?
How do you how you're counting your chickens before they hatch it seems to me? Uh-huh
You're taking an awful lot for granted here Jeff Cohn. No. Yes. No you said to me you're ready to come out when we open
Yeah, I've already come out that was 20 years ago. It's time to go back in you'll have to do it again. Yeah
So when are you gonna be open?
Probably October 14th and why do you care?
Well, that's interesting October 14th because I think that's about four days after we're getting out of this building finally
Right
But uh why why are you so concerned about the Pasta loft? Why are you concerned about that?
Just because if I ripped off your just because the guy ripped off your name ripped off my name ripped off my logo
Yeah, my employees ripped off several recipes. Yeah. Okay. After 20 years said see a later if you could make it
I can make it yeah, I mean you know that wouldn't bother you at all, right?
I didn't say that I'm just asking forget about me. We're talking about you. I'm not in the food business. Okay. All right
Well, that's why and the way it was all done. Yeah, you know
So in other words if this guy wants to buy spots on a show, we're not gonna do them. Is that what you're saying?
Well, I would hope not
Why not? Huh?
Are the let me ask you this are the people from Flagler Street the people from the Nate from the Hood are those people gonna come up to
Lomans Plaza in Broward. Sure. They are they're gonna drive all the way up when they have their own name and they have their own
logo and they're doing their own thing
I have no problem with them advertising with you or anybody else. Yeah, but as long as they're infringing on my trademark
Yeah, how's that how's that lawsuit coming? Oh, it's coming good
We're but you know they chose to open up under that name and they so what are you upset with me about you should be calling a netdown
Stairs and ripping her and ask what is she what is she doing eating in there in the first place with it?
Well then Dan trouser trot boy friend of hers
Well when we come to feed your company when you move up closer to here make sure you point out who these people are so I'm sure not to feed them
She's not gonna be there. Oh, that's from the okay. I don't think
Where the hell did George just run away to George just vanished that was gonna ask him if and that's coming
Mm-hmm, and he'd be the one to know about that right
Where the hell is he is he is she a net going with us or not?
Oh
She doesn't know oh she doesn't know
So I think there's some part to bring up brown lunch. There are there is some there is some
There is some leverage for you right there
In other words, she's in limbo. She's on the line right
So I'm just you know, I'm not gonna plant any ideas and he seeds in your brain, but there you go right whatever contacts
You got you could like get even now
That's it all the way do like an edalod
Well Neil you have a wonderful day. I appreciate that you're a dark and plain fiance. What do you what do you sound like you're a grousey?
Yeah, well, you know what I know what
Hello, yeah, some speech, but what is it that I know?
Nothing you've lost your sense of humor. I think that's what it is well
You've got that right okay, you got that would jump a little bit. Okay, and happy you knew your two get out of here. Bye
Oh my god
Brackum
That quid with the wiggle weekend
Way to go
Oh!
Okay, 12 minutes after noon at WIOD.
Dr. Laura has moved.
Instead of playing at midnight, we brought her nails on the blackboard advice to evenings.
APM, a news talk and entertainment radio.
610, WIOD.
Please be quiet and let me finish.
You checked ass.
Okay, 1215 at WIOD.
We have an open line and date.
We have one in Brock.
So what do you think about this pizza war that we got going on, huh?
We got the radio war on the inside here.
We got the pizza war on the outside.
We got Jeff Cohen with his ponytail,
who thinks he knows something about Italian food.
We got this other grave robber up there who was trying to rip off the name and reputation of the place.
And evidently doing a pretty good job because the net said the place was packed.
She said it was jam packed and she said people were eating like hand over fist.
They were shoveling down the food.
Didn't she say something about shoveling in their puts, something like that?
Not that I want to get Jeff upset or anything, but it's just amazing how some people, you know, I mean just relax.
Okay, take a deep breath.
Get your joint finished up there.
We'll make another few million dollars.
You'll buy another big house and life will go on.
Just relax. Okay.
And sue their ass.
Don't get me involved in the middle of it.
Just sue their damn ass.
That's all.
Here's a no, I can't I can't know more.
No more.
Get a job. Get a life.
Okay. How you doing, Neil?
See ya.
Dave the cup.
First it's Jeff Cohen.
Then it's Dave the cup.
Then we had radius.
I want to talk to some different people here today.
We had just about every line lit up on a board until ponytail calls in here and decides to set the agenda on his show and screw up my life.
We were smoking.
Look at what we got now, man.
We got squat.
We got two open lines and Dave.
We got two open lines and Brad.
We got 185 open lines on a green line.
We actually had the makings of almost an hour here going on at phone.
And this guy calls up and puts us into a coma because he's petulence and a net and a black boyfriend ate up there at the at the pasta.
Whatever that place is.
And how come I missed eight episodes of guiding light and it's not going to change.
I just can't find a real guiding light person out there.
That's the problem.
I missed eight episodes.
I come back and of course Vanessa.
We know I didn't get killed in the car, but they let every Zach and Vanessa let everybody think that she got killed that much I can figure out for myself.
Okay.
And now Vanessa is going to this place out there with the Amish or the Amish or whoever those people are.
Everybody who's either dying like it's like when Riva was an angel for a while there until she got traded to the royals.
And they all wind up going out there and she comes knocking on the door and they all think that she's dead and again ready for the funeral.
And it's very sad and Billy comes back.
They let Billy out with a bottle of booze.
They let Billy out of the slam where he's got one of those things on his hand.
What do they call those things where they let you out of prison for.
Oh yeah, the things like a monitor.
Yeah, like it's like a monitor and then his son little Billy comes in and he said,
Hey, dad, what's that on your wrist?
Dad, oh Jesus.
And Billy says, give me another drink.
Let's have a drink.
But in the meantime, nobody's filling me in on a eight episodes.
I missed which again goes to show it's it's part of the course to just not friendly.
Get on the elevator with Miami International after we finally found our way to the elevator there to the moving escalator.
And here's a guy on there with two bratty little kids about five years old.
And a one kid says, what are you going to and John says a three and it looks at me.
What fun.
Of course, I'm just hoffing and puffing out of breath.
That's schlepping my big suitcase getting lost for 20 minutes and that got off a airport.
Not even knowing at this point that the parking garages have been renamed and your car isn't in the same spot with the same name as it used to be.
And the kid says stupid.
And John looks at me and says, well, we're back in Miami.
We're back in Miami.
And I thought, amen, Halle, Luya, we're back in Miami.
Some guy with his bratty little kid on the elevator.
Stupid.
I should have kicked a living snot out of that kid.
I should have beaten them to a bloody pulp.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay. All right.
We just jamming along here listening to you.
Showing we call in and say we think, you know, it's pretty hot.
Is hot. It's so hot you can't even touch it, man.
It's still hot.
It's in the old ring. That's right.
High E.
And the show too.
All right.
Where you been all my life?
I don't know.
You ever been screwing around on FM? Have you?
Yeah.
Get off that FM man. It'll kill you.
Get off the FM.
Get off the AM and get on the AM or whatever. Get on the PM.
My partner. He loves FM.
I don't know what's wrong with him.
I just told him to turn the AM and see what was happening.
Tell him to get alive.
Get in there.
Yeah. Get a life, pal.
Don't be a professional asshole all your life.
Don't be a professional asshole, tell him.
That's right.
Okay, brother. Hang in there.
Okay.
So two guys driving hand in hand down the road. What's wrong with that?
We have an open line and date. We have one in Brown.
We have a 48 on the green line.
So what is it?
Pasta loft or pizza loft?
Okay. Let's take a poll.
Which one do you like best?
Anybody else put up to the pasta loft?
They hit the guts and pretty good crap.
Let me say it again.
Okay, because the timing couldn't be better.
You notice how well it fits into what I was saying before?
The difference between real Italians and real Italian food and real Italian ambiance.
Even between the real Italian mafia.
Like Meyer Lansky.
Okay. Meyer Lansky wasted his time walking his dog up and down Collins Avenue.
Do you think that real Sicilians would waste their time walking their dog up and down Collins Avenue?
And schlepping around like a schlepper in Hellendale?
Of course not.
Even Hyman Roth was laughing at that guy.
Boy, I'm Tonya. I just farted in here.
So bad. My eyes are tearing.
When you fart so bad that even you don't enjoy it.
When you're all alone.
Oh, God. Trust me.
George has got the lighter out.
Oh, here we go. Channel four. They're showing Hortense.
Everybody's getting tense because here's the possible three day track of Hortense.
And naturally they got part of that thing aimed at here.
And there's it's not coming here.
It's not coming here. There's no way Jose. It's coming here.
But if you want to get nervous, go out there, get all bent out of shape.
Go buy some plywood.
Go buy some candles.
Go buy some batteries.
Go out there and clean a stir out all the bottled water.
Go into a panic again because that's the way we operate down here.
Go into a sheer, shrill panic because Brian Norcross will be real happy to see you doing it.
Little torque.
Anyway, it's 1221. Did I say a little fact? 1221 at WIOD.
News talk. An entertainment radio.
Sixton. WIOD.
You better be f**king be ready to play with the big boys.
All right.
Mommy, when will I grow my extra wee wee?
You only have one wee wee done.
Oh, Mommy. Am I deformed?
No, no. You're only supposed to have one.
Is daddy deformed?
No.
He has two wee weees.
No, son. He only has one. Believe me.
Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two? Yeah. A little one he pees with and a great big one he brushes the baby sitter's teeth with.
1225 at WIOD. Happy Tuesday from your Paisons at WIOD.
I got two faxes here which it's kind of interesting how they like kind of tie in together.
And probably from the same person, although I don't think so.
But anyway, the first one says, spy report on Daisy Fuente's in Luis Miguel.
She was interviewed on Spanish talk radio last night talk show on Christina.
Oh, that Christina that blind had been bad.
Where she said she is pregnant by Luis and is getting they're getting married as soon as possible.
I thought somebody told us they split up.
Why am I to smoke one of those cigars?
You know, not supposed to be smoking any.
She's all now that I'm nervous after reading that.
She's also going to appear on the next playboy issue prior to her belly showing.
Too bad.
So sad.
Luis Miguel has taken no chance for Neil.
Tata for now.
Signed.
M-I-C-H-A-E-L-A.
Michael.
Mishiala.
As in Lady Michael.
And then here's another facts about this is going to get that woman upset over there that sent us to CD.
The one that wants to see and reeky naked like the rest of us all do.
What kind of song was that?
She says whoever this is.
So repetitive.
Every other word ends in Sosa.
As in Sammy Sosa.
What does that mean?
Every word ends in Sosa?
Maybe he said Mariposa.
He did say Mi'rda in that song.
What are you laughing about?
He said that.
I guarantee you my hand of the sky.
He said, Tuchus and he said Mi'rda in that song.
When you're in reeky degrees, you can say whatever you want.
It says in his facts though, and reeky blows, which is interesting news.
Put him in the circular CD, Rakiantno Luis Miguel says this thing.
I might be just might be talked into playing Luis.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Welcome home.
Thank you so much.
Tell that who you are with that fact.
Yeah.
That um, less right.
I have to turn to your channel.
And I was saying, um, what do you call it?
The plant is growing.
The plant is the same bitch, yeah.
Yeah, I was going to say that, but why not?
It was taped from the early of the summer.
It was on like in June of July.
There you go.
They've broken up since then.
Smelling bitch.
Exactly.
That's a tape thing.
So in other words, it was taped from Julio.
Yeah.
You got that.
It was a Julio.
Right.
Julio and Julio and it was a Juliet.
Right.
So Miguel flew around.
So let's see.
June, July, August, September.
She'd already be popping that thing out if that was a true story.
Right.
She'd already be showing it.
And she looks good still.
So she's not pregnant.
And so does he, except for a little, a little ponchy, you know.
I can go for him and I'll go for heart.
Okay.
It's a deal.
Another thing Neil, why you're away.
Um, I don't know if you've touched on it yesterday.
But um, do you hear about sports channel?
What about it?
Okay.
Remember the big thing all these guys, right?
Call it up.
Oh no.
It's going to be a year or so.
Right.
I'm the inside shot.
But on Friday, there was a half page article, uh, ad really in the Sun Sentinel, that, uh,
the first week in October, I think is around October 3rd or 4th.
Yeah.
That, uh, all the continental and TCI and Broward and then date are going to take on sports channel.
Oh, what did I tell you?
And that's what I originally said.
And all these panicky people called it.
Oh no, we're going to call up this one and you got to call up that one.
And, you know, they talked me into it.
They sucked me right in.
But I just had to feel that Wayne isn't going to sit still and let the cable company screw
with him when his last name ends in a vowel.
Yeah, exactly.
And then on Saturday, they had an article also on, uh, sports page, on, uh, page two.
Yeah.
That, uh, 170,000 customers in Broward County.
Should not worry about it.
The continental cable vision and sports channels find an agreement.
Oh.
There you go.
We're going to be able to see the dolphins, the panthers, and the boring Marlin.
And maybe we can lose the food channel.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Okay. Thanks for the good news down.
Wait for another thing.
Yes, sir.
Do you have such Patrick guys signed to win your contract?
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised at that.
I see they signed Craig Billington who they want to play in Carolina.
They want to put him down to Carolina, which I guess is not a bad deal.
He's not really very good, but at least he's got some experience just in case one of the other two guys goes down.
Exactly.
But if it's Patrick wanted a million dollars a year and if they gave it to him, I'm really surprised.
But I know they signed him for one year.
Yeah, I noticed the other day was in the paper.
They signed him for one year.
Yeah.
But it didn't say the amount.
No, they didn't go into any details or anything.
Well, the bad news is Camnely retired.
The good news is Mario is coming back for at least another year.
Right.
And the other good news for Ranger fans is the Rangers flying Pat Flatley from the island.
They need a lot more than Pat Flatley.
Oh, yeah.
And that guy Gretski is not going to help us at all.
Not in the least, but he's shooting his load now in a World Cup.
He's putting on a big act.
He's just waiting till the season starts.
Wait till they hit him a couple of times.
Good.
He's going to be doing his pussy acting.
But I was going to tell you the other day when they hit the game between us, Sweden and Canada.
Right.
You got nailed a couple of times and said, right?
Oh, you ain't seen nothing yet, Matt.
They caught on to him in the playoffs to leave started nailing him a little bit too late, actually.
And then of course, after that Detroit started sticking into him.
And every time he'd get hit, he'd run to the bench.
He didn't have a head ache.
He didn't be holding it at silly helmet that he wears.
Gretski's had it, man.
He's a dead meat.
I don't know why the Rangers find him, but they did.
What a way, $7 million or whatever.
Go ahead.
Well, at least they got ready.
Yari Curry anyway.
They won't have anybody over $70.
I am.
He mixed early.
There you go.
Okay, pal.
Good luck to us.
All right.
Let's go, Panthus.
See ya.
All right.
Yeah, won't be long now.
It's already the 10th of September and another month or so.
It's going to be hockey, hockey, hockey.
That's right.
Every single day, four hours a day, 20 hours a week.
So if you had another one of those or what, I haven't smoked a cigar and you know how long in weeks.
In weeks, because my doctor said no more stokeys.
He said before you put anything in your mouth, make sure you inspected carefully.
And it's not flaming.
Well, he didn't say that.
And I took his advice all during my vacation.
I inspected everything extraordinarily closely.
Here's our good buddy, George, from Deliciosa.
How you doing, George?
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
How was vacation?
Fantastic.
Where'd you end up going?
Away.
I ended up going to Spain, Madrid, which was a bad mistake we got out of there after two days.
Oh, really?
And then five days in Rome and three days in Amsterdam.
Oh.
With sensational.
Oh, really?
One of the best vacations ever, I would say.
Oh, that's great.
Yup.
Listen, I want to come by tomorrow and bring you some stuff.
What would you like?
Well, you know, just like the last time some more of that mousse would be good.
That's my favorite.
Okay.
How's things going?
Things are good.
Yeah.
Things are real good.
Yeah, they're great.
We missed where you're on vacation.
I mean, you know, people were, hey, I don't hear Neil getting any food,
or he's on vacation.
Yeah.
I was getting too much food on vacation.
Tom, not to worry about it.
Where are you really?
Yeah, way too much, especially in Italy.
Hey, I'm working on making some croquettes here for the Atkins at zero cover habits.
So it's a big project for me now.
Okay.
I'll bring you an appointment tomorrow.
Excellent.
And so, George, I'll bring him his pastelitos tomorrow.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Thanks, George.
See you.
Okay, we got our, by a prize on in West Kendall, on our George, 150 first and sunset
at Delicioso Bakery, who's come up with all that great stuff for the Atkins,
including the mousses and the cheesecakes and now some of the entrees.
What did, he brought me that lasagna.
Wasn't that from there last time?
That was pretty good stuff.
It didn't really taste like lasagna, but it was good stuff.
Anyway, without the pasta.
It wasn't, it wasn't a bunch of noodles with ladled with lots of sauce on it.
That's the point I'm trying to make, okay?
It wasn't just noodles with industrial strength sauce on it.
That doesn't make something Italian.
I hate to break the news.
A lot of you Americans who think you know what good Italian food is, okay?
Well, you just have to have like gobs and gobs and gobs of sauce running over the edges of the plate
over about a 20 pound plate of pasta.
And then you wonder why we're all getting fat as a pig.
And while the real Italians over there are walking around, you don't see one person out of a thousand with a pupic.
But hey, that's okay.
You know, if you want to be dead early, it's your choice because people die early because they want to die early.
Thank you so much.
Okay, I'm going to light up a cigar and have a stroke right on the ear.
We have an open line at date, 7519-463-751.
But that guy don't look like a black Frankenstein.
What's that guy's name on the young and a horny?
They got Malcolm next to that guy.
That should be disallowed.
Here's Lantana.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Great. Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
Before you left on vacation, you were talking about never getting any hockey news in the newspapers.
Yeah.
I found an internet thing that delivers news as you pick it, in other words, you can choose...
You get the news as you pick it, huh?
Yeah, and I pick it. I'm a guitar player.
Yeah.
You can choose your hockey team and they'll give you updates on the team every day and transactions and stuff like that.
And if you want me to give the address to George, I don't want to waste your time on the air with that kind of HTTP business.
Right.
But I thought if you might be interested, I'd let you know about that.
They've been doing updates on the World Cup and all kinds of other things.
So I thought a lot of that kind of interest.
Yeah, that would be great.
Of course, when you have two satellite dishes, you see all the games in the World Cup.
But it's always good to have those things on the internet because a lot of them now have the real time,
like almost a play-by-play where you can follow everything that's going on.
During the course of the season, there are games that aren't televised or you can't pick up.
And when you're a dynamical fan, like with the Leafs, you want to know just how bad they're losing every night.
Well, this thing also does other sports, so I'm getting baseball scores and box scores and games, that's all right.
And it shows up in your mail in the morning.
So it's pretty good.
Great.
All right, I'll hold on if you want to...
Okay, appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Okay, take care of our friend on Line 8.
Take care, whatever he's got.
1235 at WYOD.
We ate at WYOD.
We have two open lines on the green lines.
1-800-944-9463-1800-944-WYOD.
We're going to play Luis Miguel in a minute, not...
Maybe we are.
That's Swania.
Boy, do I love that.
Oh, God.
And so what do I care if Luis Miguel is doing daisy for Antisabes, doing 55 guys?
And by the way, we just missed that song.
Damn it.
We just missed that pet shop boy song.
And you notice there's like something for everybody in that video.
Did I tell you?
There's scantily clad and bikini young ladies on there, like a teenage babes on the beach.
And young guys with...
There's something for everybody on that video, which is called...
Which is called...
Say, A-V-D-A.
I don't think that said.
I don't think that's what they were singing.
Did you hear it?
You didn't hear it.
No, I did not.
Damn it.
Well, we're going to have that...
We're going to have the CD tomorrow or else, Tracy.
You know what I'm saying?
And how come our friend...
Yo, we've slipped.
Sal, don't return your calls from the sole water people.
We're like got no water.
I'm dying.
I'm partying over here.
We're like got down to our last few bottles of water.
Not that I'm looking for freebies necessarily all the way in.
And then the thing with the...
Well, we still got...
We got our buddy George down there at Delicioso.
We got that.
And our friends at Wheelatina,
we shouldn't we have like a whole bunch of these to give away.
The new Luis CD,
which is called...
What is it called?
Nade es iguana.
Nade is iguana.
And then our friend, what's her name over there?
Surely she should have sent us at least a dozen of those
Enrique things to give out.
Wouldn't you think?
Thank you so much Andy.
So is it QAM or what?
See, he's got that same spid-eat and grin on his face.
Yeah, you'll get along good with Hank.
So Andy Calbs is going to go over to be the...
Isn't that?
Now, talk about a turncoat.
He's going to go from being a...
Phil Henry's producer to being the Humsters producer.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Unbelievable.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
How about turning it up a little bit so we can all hear it?
No, not loud enough.
Purple line is open now.
We had some jackass on air who lost his balls.
Maybe he didn't have any to start with.
Mobile one cell, pound IOD, 18T wireless, pound IOD.
We pay the call.
We have an open line in Broward 524 and 200 green lines.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Londosa Vietja.
And back to you.
Yes.
Hey, two questions I got to ask you.
Yeah.
Did I ever see Perry Como in Italy?
No.
He's up in the woods with Bud Davies taking a walk in Boka.
Oh, you have to go to Como.
It's fantastic.
For what?
Oh, it's great.
For what?
It's just beautiful.
Where is it?
Down there Switzerland.
Well, would you say down near Switzerland?
Up, up, up.
The other way, in the Alps.
Yeah, nice.
Too cold.
Second question.
Yeah.
How about Genoa?
You ever been in Genoa?
No, never Genoa.
Bologna.
Florence, Rome, uh, Santa Fez, uh,
San Francisco or something like that.
Yeah.
And Venice.
Okay.
I'll forget about Venice.
Oh, well, I'm not going there.
They just had the film festival over there in Venice.
Yeah.
And they were up to their armpits and crap.
My in-laws come from Italy.
Yeah, figures.
All right.
Second question.
Yeah.
Okay.
On the Athens.
The cholesterol.
It helps that, huh?
Yes.
Okay, good.
That's all.
I'm going to the Vacta tomorrow to get the blood work done.
Yeah.
Have you been...
Two weeks, 20 pounds, doing great.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Now is your doctor.
Is he going along with us?
Well, he's going to find out tomorrow.
Right.
But listen, let me know.
I'll call you back.
Let us know the results.
All right.
One look.
One I want to make a thush bag.
Okay.
Robin, you're nothing but a thush bag.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
Take care, back.
Open line of day at 751, what in bright?
Did we get a guiding light?
I'm not going to...
I'm just asking, just, you know, out of curiosity.
Because I can't find a...
I don't get it.
That show right now is as good as it ever has.
And I've been watching it longer than any of you people out there.
I don't care who it is.
I've been watching that show for like 30 some years on and off.
And it's better right now than it ever has been.
It's just traumatic.
We even got Billy back out of the slammer yesterday.
And I missed the eight episodes and I figured, well, sure, you know,
I'll come back yesterday or maybe today.
And there'll be, I'll have like two, three, four people calling in
to fill me in on what the hell went on.
Nothing.
Zipity, doodah.
Zipity, doodah.
There's many people responding to that is the ones about the pet shop boys
and that song that they never heard of.
Because there's not yet.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm Goneo.
Yes, I am.
How you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back to your friendly police state.
Yes.
This is the one.
How was your vacation?
Great.
All right.
I'm going to write it on my diarrhea.
Okay.
Is it true what they say about Italy?
And what is that?
They say that the south, the south, the north is good.
The west, you have the good food and the civilized people.
Well, what did the south sucks?
I mean, there are all the pens that I've never been in the real south.
Like in Naples.
The Naples is like Miami.
There's nothing but crime and you can't walk the streets and a bunch of shleppers.
Yeah.
Have you noticed something?
Every place you go in the world, the south always sucks.
Why is that?
That's a good question.
I never thought about that.
How about Canada, the south of Canada don't suck?
Well, that's way up north.
Yeah, that's true.
The south of the north, right.
But the south of the south, you're right, really blows.
Like probably way down in Argentina and Chile probably at that grade either.
Yeah.
Right?
I'm closing, Neil.
And how about South Africa?
Oh.
Screw them, yeah.
Uh, Neil, I'm closing.
Yes.
El que no mama no quieras, madre.
What do you say?
What do you just say?
Something about my mama, your mama?
I don't know.
I don't really know.
Who knows?
Something grotesque in Spanish.
Something a big thing.
We have an open line at date.
751, we have one in Broward, 524, one on the green line.
You can just say whatever you want about my mama.
Just don't talk about me, okay?
Here's a dear field.
Hello.
Yes, uh, about the closest I've ever been to Italy is like,
for Donia, New York.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's close.
There's a lot of Italians.
There's a lot of Italians.
Come on.
He's got a dilemma here.
What is it?
The meatball wars?
Think, uh, when the restaurant gets opened up,
we'll test each other's meatball,
and soon he's got the best meatball.
What do you mean we?
What do you mean we?
Who are you?
The general public.
The general public?
Right.
Yeah.
That's...
So, now, with you, you really expect me to believe
that a lot of people are going to go down to Flagler Street
and try out the pasta loft,
and then they're going to drive all the way up to Davi
to check out the new pizza loft,
and they're going to compare the food.
Is that it?
That's the idea.
I don't think so. I doubt it.
How's the unplugged CD coming?
Great.
Are you going to have a desktop also?
Yes. In fact, the, uh, Georgia just only moments ago
just showed me the list of the stuff on the,
it's not called unplugged this time.
It's called Needles Nuggets,
which has some clips from the show,
and it's also got the bridge tender on here,
and it's got Delary King stuff,
and it's got phenomenal stuff,
and some X-rated stuff that we can't play on a year.
And then we got the best stuff,
which is the best ever best stuff.
Wow.
Yeah.
Good stuff.
Listen, I got one request.
It's the, uh, bit,
the scary to heaven buying our bread at 7-11.
Yeah.
A couple weeks ago,
also, um, Roby Young was on the, uh,
Neil doesn't like it, so I'm,
I'm gonna be on the nuggets.
Oh, that's gonna be on the thing too, by the way.
The Roby Young thing when he went nuts.
When he OK.
Yeah.
The big Kahuna.
OK, pal.
OK.
OK.
Find a life.
You people are sick.
It's a damn bad,
not only you have to be more out by that bandit taxis,
but if I want to divide some time on your station,
I could.
You don't have real people at 75,
uh, yeah, for,
you don't have it on your regular number.
I always ask to be a guest.
I'm one of your talk shows,
or an acting at your AM, the WROD.
They won't even call me back to tell me
what the name of the show is.
My work on your station in 1964,
my sort of prominent guy in Miami,
by the time,
and I influenced people by the time.
And if you people can't get it together
to be a better radio station,
and if you were at the Honoura's station
or an EBS station,
I suggest you take your damn frequency,
which my grandmother's friend,
Jesse J, put on the air in 1926,
and you turn the damn thing off
and get out of the business.
You own!
You're a stranger to yourself.
My name is Ruby Young,
and the telephone number is a motel in Miami,
room 13.
You people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
And I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 1926.
I ran the damn thing, and I'm sorry, you're asked.
You are terrible.
You have no credibility in radio.
Now, I've done it all to piss
before I get on the phone to pension,
you get on the phone to me.
You tell me to take this back.
I'm gonna tell my wife more.
It's the sale goes through,
but it will, because you're deemed anyhow.
Little right to you.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on WOD.
All right, it's unanimous, baby.
1247 at WIOD.
It's talk an entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
I'm a co-ungrading.
It's time to stick them up as this,
and they'll always have them.
There's lady in town.
She's another doxed you.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleathered.
Oi!
Oooo!
And she's buying bread at 7.
He leathered.
Uh-huh.
1252 at WIOD.
Open line in day, 751.
Two on a green line in Palm Beach.
By the way, when the sale goes through on a 30th of September,
other than the fact that Ron and Ron will have their statewide 800 lines
and I'm not really sure how it's gonna work.
The people in Palm Beach, like I told you,
here's the poppano.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty damn good, pal.
I was in Rome and Amsterdam last June.
Yes.
And Amsterdam was the best.
Yeah.
The Bulldog Cafe.
Uh-huh.
Damn Street.
Right.
That was awesome.
Damn, Rick.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I just want to say that, uh,
Neil's been from Maine, Spain, Austin,
Boston, known to Rome.
He's dated 20,000 men on one acre land.
He's got more hair on his ass and the basket, Rick.
Oh!
Okay.
Uh-huh.
I'm glad he figured that out.
We have an open line in day, 751.
We got one in Broward, 524.
We got two on a green line.
Like I said, you lost it, man.
I told you, if you don't use it, you lose it.
I told you that for months and months and years and years
and you thought it was just an idle thread.
Well, guess what?
Well, you don't care.
Okay.
Here's Miami Shores.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, um, and the godfather, Abe Vagoda plays South Tessil, right?
Yeah.
And then Bonnie Miller plays fish.
Yeah.
Now he sleeps with the fishes.
Now, when Michael finds out that Sal is double crushing the family,
um, what does Sal say to Tom Hayden?
Can you give me off the hook, Tom, for old times say?
Get it hooked.
You know what, I think, 1774 and the godfather was 1772.
So it was a good one.
Absolutely correct.
Can you give me off the hook for old times say?
Unbelievable.
You see, haven't I always told you that everything in life
it all fits together?
Exactly.
Like I would, like a jigsaw puzzle.
All right, now that's it.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How do you like them apples, huh?
Can you get me off the hook, Tom?
You're out, Tom.
Poor Tom.
Now there's probably the greatest actor of our time.
Everybody argues, you know, is it the nero?
Is it the Pacino?
Is it this one?
Is it that one?
The greatest actor of our time is clearly Robert Duval.
No?
You don't agree with me on that?
I don't disagree.
I mean, is it even a debatable point?
Is it something that's subjective or is it something that has a specific answer?
I would suggest being very adamant and very old and, you know,
stuck in my ways, adamantine.
Remember that scene in network?
I never had a...
They decided they had a kill Howard Beal.
Because Mr. What's his name?
What's his name?
What's his name?
Mr. Anet Vady.
What's his name?
Quick.
He likes the Howard Beal show and he wants him left on the air.
And there was Nelson, who was the president of a bankrupt network,
and fade done away.
And there was Tom Hagen, whatever the hell his name was in that movie.
What the hell, Frank Hackett, sitting around in the deciding that the only thing
is going to have to kill a son of a bitch.
That's exactly what they said.
Because Mr. So-and-so likes to show what the hell was his name.
What was his name in that movie for God's sakes, Ned Vady,
who also went too bad of an actor along his own thing?
Here's for Lauderdale on the Purple Line.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I'm a fan from a long time,
and I don't want to ask any remedial questions that you probably already answered a million times,
but I just got back into town and I need to know this.
Are you guys in your new building yet?
Yeah, right.
You're not in there yet?
Why would we be in our new building?
The sale doesn't go through until the 30th.
You really, I think this is a setup call.
No, no.
You rub and salt into my womb.
Well, because the reason...
Because we were supposed to be moving into our new building the same day that the sale goes through,
which is the 30th of September, which is three weeks from yesterday.
Okay.
And I come back from vacation yesterday morning to find out from Rick Raleigh
that no, it's not going to be the 30th of September.
It's more like around the 10th of October maybe.
Jeez.
Yeah.
What's the holdup on all that?
The holdup is that they haven't got anything done with the new building yet.
See, because my question was because my wife is still...
I was out of town and she said that for a while they were playing like the Phil Henry Best of
and then they went to Rick and Sudge one day and then one day they played some empty hammer stuff.
That wasn't...
That wasn't day.
That was Phil doing that.
That was Phil playing Bizarre tapes.
Oh, okay.
Well, I know.
I know you're confused and so am I.
You know, I just...
I'm like, I can't wait to hear Neil and listen to what's going on.
I'm really glad to hear that you guys have Phil.
And I kind of disappointed to hear that Ron and Ron will be on.
Well, what can I tell you?
So far I haven't heard a ground swell of excitement about it, but we'll see.
Yeah, well they were on Zeta for a while and I listened to him and I wasn't impressed.
They have to have like five stops and people as a cast of characters like Howard Stern to get
anybody to laugh at him.
Yeah.
Anyways, Neil, you do a great show and I'm glad to have you at your castle.
We're still here, pal.
All right, thanks a lot.
Arthur Jensen.
Mr. Jensen likes the Howard Beale show and wants him kept on the air.
He is intractable, adamant and adamantine.
That's what Frank Hackett said, aka Robert Duval, the greatest actor of our time.
But I guess he doesn't get all the credit he deserves because he isn't like some
walk or something.
He's just an Irish guy that they found on the street.
That's right, Vito Corleone found him on the street and took him in and made him a
consulieri.
He said, I guess I'll show you grease balls of thing or two, huh?
You're out, Tom.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
No, sonny fans him on the street and brought him home.
Exactly.
Thank you so much.
You want to talk hiding life?
Yes.
Santino.
Where did you leave off when you left town?
I left off when I left town with Vanessa in the car she went into a trance and was blind
and there was that who was standing there.
And then the next day, the last episode I saw was that who just seems to show up mysteriously
everywhere, always even at the funeral.
You notice he's got his shirt, the top button, button, thank God.
But anyway, so in fact, here's the promo on CBS right now.
There's Roger and there's Dynast Screamin and the Eleanor Roger and there's Heart Heaven
and nervous breakdown.
And here's Roger.
There's a guy that escaped again.
He's got another disguise.
He's got the glasses on.
Yeah, all right.
That's all over with.
They gave Roger the latest thing as they gave Roger Shocktry.
I saw that yesterday.
Okay.
So Roger was out and he almost killed Diner and he did see Vanessa in the airport.
They faked Vanessa's death because Vanessa didn't want the family to go through her.
So she was in the airport?
So she, they dressed her Zachary arranged.
Right.
They dressed her as a nun.
Yeah, I'm so glad how she's going back to the same nunnery where Riva was, right?
Oh, I forgot about that.
Yeah, that's where Riva came from.
They all have to go take me to a nunnery.
That needs to be exact.
Right. And if anybody should have said that, Riva was the one.
She's done everybody in town and everybody else.
Riva is a Lewis Lewis Lewis.
Right. That's right.
You heard that yesterday, so Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis.
Yeah.
I don't know a lot of people know that she was married to HP and she was married to both brothers.
All in the family.
All of it.
Exactly.
Right.
Anyhow, Zachary arranged to get her dressed as a nun and to go with the nuns to Switzerland,
to a place where they would take care of her until she died.
Yeah.
And leaving the family to believe that she died in the carcaret.
Right.
They found her wedding ring.
Right.
Roger was in the airport.
He escaped from the loony bin.
As usual.
Yeah, right.
He was in the airport dressed as a captain and Zachary is suddenly there.
And they capture Roger.
But he does see Vanessa dressed as a nun.
He's telling people Vanessa was in there.
Of course, they don't believe him because he's not.
He's crazy as a bedbuck.
Exactly.
So they get Vanessa to Switzerland while that you saw yesterday.
Yeah.
And the whole thing has been with, oh, heart and ziner are in and out, and out, and in.
And you know, that whole thing, the whole thing basically has been with Vanessa the way she was.
Well, just wait a year.
She'll be back.
Oh, I read it in the paper.
Yeah.
Just taking a year off and then she'll be back.
Right.
Yeah.
So, you know, once they go out of the owner, they all come back.
Sometimes it's an angel first and they come back alive.
It's hard to tell.
Yeah, but it was good to see Billy because they had that other guy playing Billy and he's done.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is the real Billy.
You could tell by that flash.
Exactly.
Okay, sweetheart.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
See you.
And boy, I'll tell you Ryan will be today.
For you.
So low in the H.O.V. lane of life.
W.I.O.D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
Good afternoon at one o'clock.
101.
I'm Jennifer Bedford.
Whatever it is.
Yeah.
W.I.O.D.
Brought to you by Largo Honda.
What's up, dad?
What's up?
My wife, my soul.
Oh, not another rimshot.
Oh, sorry.
Bed choice of words.
107 at W.I.O.D.
Happy Tuesday, too.
We got an open line in day 751 W.I.O.D.
We got one in Broward 524 and the green lines they know they're finished.
So speaking of hockey, hockey, hockey, looks like Phil Henry is going to be a little hockey intensive today.
We're going to be listening very carefully monitoring every word.
Here's a mobile in Royal Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Must you talk about the guiding light?
Nobody really cares, do they?
How long did that take?
Three minutes?
I don't know.
It's pretty boring.
No, it's not boring.
I find it very interesting and there are a lot of other people out there been watching it for years.
There is.
Yeah.
And if out of a four hour show, three minutes maybe once every other week is going to be too much for it,
then maybe you better find a new launching pad.
What did you have to contribute for us, sir?
Not too much, sir, though.
I would just hold George.
So in other words, you didn't have anything to tell me.
You just wanted to complain that you don't want to hear about guiding light.
I told George this past.
How about you?
I'm in the horny.
I talk about that virtually every day, which is boring.
Who cares about football?
Evidently, a lot of people do because there are millions of people watching them.
All right.
Yeah.
I think it's kind of boring, everybody.
Well, and you must be, like I said, you better find yourself a new landing spot.
All right.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Open line of day.
See, I always love these people who like, you know, kind of threaten you.
Well, this is real boring.
And if you don't, you know, do what I want to hear.
Well, fine.
Goodbye.
See, uh, we'll survive that one listener in the quam ain't going to make any difference in my life.
Okay.
It's not going to make one eye out.
It's not going to change one number in my paycheck.
It's not going to change anything in my life.
It's not going to change one number in the arbitrage.
It's not going to change anything.
So if you like the show, fine.
If you don't like it, have a great life.
We'll see you.
Go out and play part cheesy or something.
Open line of day.
7512 and Broward.
5249463524.
It's like that old Jew that called before to complain about the Make Believe Steve Nichol on the Phil Henry show.
And I'm going to say it again.
It'd be in Jewish myself and sometimes happy about it and sometimes embarrassed, especially in this town,
that by far and away, the most thin skinned of all are the Jews.
The blacks, they take a lot of crap.
The spics, they take a lot of crap.
But the Jews, man, all you got to do is whisper something right away to some old Jew online.
I'm going to get to bid a breath after you.
I'm going to get our tea ball on the phone.
Yeah, big stinking deal.
Okay.
Thin skinned, man.
Fags, you can say, fag eight million times.
We faggits don't give a crap about that.
We're amused by it.
We're amused by your shock at the whole situation because you're so juvenile in this country.
We're just amused and amused by it.
Every other minority group, but boy, you whisper one thing about Jews, man, right away they're hucking a china.
They're staring.
They're about, they run the country.
And Hollywood.
Oh, Joe Carroyo is Jewish.
Well, not this country.
And Maureg Galantissi runs Hollywood.
That grease ball.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Great show. I love it.
With all this hockey talk, would you be hockey to China?
Yeah.
Are you going to the game in Orlando next week?
What game?
The Panthers and the Lightweights.
In Orlando?
Yeah, the exhibitionist game.
I didn't know they were playing next week.
What's the date for that game?
I just got a pair.
And the tickets too, huh?
Yeah, I'm going to the game.
I didn't even realize it was coming that soon.
Are they game either?
No, me either.
And how do you like to look young in the rest of the slightly?
Pretty bland.
I haven't, I just got it on here now, but you're right.
Next looking pretty good, though.
Is he? And Ryan's got some funky hair.
The rest of them don't look good.
Yeah, he does.
But his hair's looking better, yeah.
That's because he's getting rid of that bitch Nina.
That's why Ryan's looking better.
He's getting rid of that bitch Nina.
He's ditching the bitch.
Matt and Ryan together.
And you know, then you've got a pair.
Uh-huh.
You have a big pair.
So are you going to the game?
Are you going to check it out?
No.
Oh, man.
I'll be up there.
Huh?
I want to look for you to game.
Well, you look all you want.
I've got to be there, but it'll kill some good time in between periods.
That's it.
Okay, pal.
Have a good time.
Okay, I didn't even look at that thing.
I got it in there somewhere, but it's getting close.
It's already the 10th of September, man.
They're up in PEI and they got a big article here yesterday with Dave Hyde or Dave Joseph or
Jekyll and Hyde whoever that I was.
Here's a big article this morning in the scum center.
There's the beasur.
Goal oriented goalie.
And here's a picture from the Stanley Cup finals, which we don't want to see that.
And here's all the other good stuff.
We're getting there.
The dolphins are off to a good start.
We don't want to get too carried away, but they're off to a nice start.
Thank you.
The Marlins.
Oh, I have to laugh about this.
I have to laugh about this.
Talk about full of crap.
The article about the Marlins.
And of course, pork Kevin Brown.
Here's a guy that should have 25 wins already if he was on a real team.
He's got 15, which is a major miracle.
And yesterday he finally got hit hard in the seventh inning and it says,
Mets hit Brown Hart score seventh inning KO to beat the Marlins six to one before a sparse crowd of 14,100 at Chase Stadium.
Okay.
Now, if you've been watching the box scores, even when I was in vacation in USA today, they got the box scores and the attendance.
And the Marlins have been doing announced 19,000, 14,000, 16,000.
Even when they at one point there, they won what nine in a row or seven in a row and nine out of 10 and 10 out of 12.
They were hotter and epistol and they still can't draw flies at PP Park.
But the Mets have 14,100 for a crappy fifth place team that nobody wants to see as boring as all get out.
And right away, they put it in the paper here, a sparse crowd of Chase Stadium.
Like, boy, don't we have great crowds at PP Park, huh?
Well, PP on you, you idiots, who wrote this thing? David O'Brien, you stiff, you jerk, you clown, you.
113 at WIOD.
Hello.
Is your car not getting the gas mileage it used to?
Do you hear knocks and pings coming from underneath the hood?
Well, then how's about buying a new car, cheap boy?
Still, Henry, 2 to 60 M on news, talk at entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
751 WIOD.
You can do pretty much whatever you want.
Thank you.
And f*** with my ass.
I don't know, but...
Whatever you want to do, you can c*** on my face.
I'll actually know what to say.
There's just go all over every...
Just keep it out of my hair.
I just washed it.
Of course.
That's that other thing.
I mean, I hardly even know how to comment on that.
You want to f*** now?
Yes.
It's a story.
Are you too drunk to c***?
This is never happening.
All right.
You go back to your motel.
I want to emphasize that this is never happening.
How did you do it with your clothes?
Okay.
117 to WIOD.
How slick was Willie?
Anyway, we have an open line at day 751.
We got 45 of him and Broward.
5249463.
524.
Any other complaints?
Okay.
Anything else that we talk about that you find boring?
Like the pet shop boys, like 3T, like the young in the horny, like Hockey, like Maurice Faray,
like Joe Carrillo.
What else is it that we talk about that you find boring besides everything?
All right.
Like Italy, like the real Degos, like the make-believe Guidos in New York.
Let's find out about everything it is.
Let's get it all out here on the table and the pochki around with it.
By the way, speaking of getting stuff out on the table,
thank you profusely to somebody who f***ed me this thing from the assholes that run Miami and Earth.
We're making international airport.
We're making big changes in parking.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
After the fact they come up with this, we're making big changes.
September 4th and 5th on the morning of September 5th, it'll be completed.
And when you come back, if you've been out of town on these dates, you won't know where your car is.
Because there's no more like parking garage 3 and 5 and 2.
Now it's like Dolphin Garage in Flamingo Garage.
That's it.
And just look on the thing there on the science to see which airline you're in,
whether it's Dolphin or Flamingo, and you're in the ballpark.
And then it goes on and on and on and pages and pages and pages.
I'm going to tell you something.
You assholes in Dade County that put this thing together.
You've got to be the dumbest bastards in the history of the human race.
Why didn't you put this information out to people who were parking there in the days preceding this
so that when we knew, you would know when we were coming back to the airport
that our parking ticket didn't mean anything anymore.
That there would be no more 2J or 2K or 2This or 2T2.
Oh, sorry Rick.
Oh, jeez.
But hey, that would have been too easy.
And it would have stopped for a lot of consternation and aggravation.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Are you a rider?
Yes, I am.
Long time is the first time caller.
Green.
Earlier we were talking about that hurricane, hurricane, bitch.
I don't know.
I am truly convinced that Channel 7 is obsessed with devastation and chaos and everything.
That's what they live for.
They totally are obsessed with it.
Right.
Like they want the hurricane to hit us.
Right.
Because they know it's going to be a big story.
Right.
And then these crazy people are going to go out and empty, wind exit and public and everything else.
All the water, all the batteries, all the candles.
They're trying to return everything.
All the canned goods, right, then try to come back the next day and say we didn't want this in the first place.
We want our money back.
And then know who our parents are going to hit.
Right.
We've got it.
That bill come all he's like, it's not going to hit, but we still have to be careful.
Don't pay any attention to her.
She's a wild woman.
That bill come all.
Forget about her.
Well, Neil, I'm out of material.
OK, don't just call somebody.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Sure.
Rick Sanchez, you are a dripping douchebag.
Oh, OK, pal.
Neil.
Yeah.
You're going to check out some hot guys.
Yeah.
Check out General Hospital.
Who's on it?
That's good.
There's Jason and Jack.
They're hot.
They're hot.
They're hot and the guy in light.
Do you ever watch guiding light?
Yes.
I watched it a few years back.
No, I'm talking about now.
No.
You got to check out Jay and Hart and the, and the Zach.
Zach.
If you check out Zach, you will never go back to General Hospital.
Trust me.
Check out Channel 10.
Check out General Hospital.
OK, you check mine out and I'll check out yours.
Yeah.
OK.
See ya.
Open up.
But we're talking about soap operas again.
It's boring.
Nobody watches soap operas.
Right.
Even if people are only watching soap operas because they want to see the new
biol young bodies on here, there are lots of people, millions of them that are
sneaking a peak.
OK, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr.
And then when I asked the guy, what do you want to talk about?
Well, I don't really have too much material.
No crap.
No kidding.
What a shock.
You don't have anything you want to talk about.
You're just another professional malcontent.
You're another one of these guys that makes life in his town.
Such a picnic, such a stinkin' pleasure.
And makes it so great to come in every day and talk to such pleasant happy people.
Here's the Virginia key.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I know I would say welcome back, but I know it probably would be a lot better to
do a farm on the hot needle once you got off the airport here on your head.
Yeah.
So how were the men in Italy this time?
How were they?
Yeah.
They were the same as always.
You always, you always curl about them.
You said that the men there are great.
The men down here, they're just very superficial.
And it's like beach, beer and weights.
And that's about it.
Are you left to drugs out?
Yeah, and the two are all, you know, all the same different, I guess.
Yeah.
But very crisp.
You won't see any drunks in Italy.
I'll tell you that.
At least not a role.
You won't see anybody drunk.
There's no drinking age.
There's none of that crap.
Oh, we can't have things to be too free.
Yeah.
You know.
Also, have you, did you ever see the movie with Dennis Hopper and Christopher Lacken
where they're discussing the Sicilians?
Are you going to ask Andy Duck?
And is that if he's part eggplant because he's Sicilian?
No.
True romance.
You haven't seen true romance?
No.
You like that.
What's funny scene?
It's a great, that is a classic scene.
Okay.
Classic scene.
Anyway, I asked you with the last car, you know, Rick sent you as you are definitely D-Dishbag.
Okay, pal.
Have a good day.
I'll read the urge.
Okay, that opens up the day lines.
We're down to like a precious couple of calls now, which means I guess that opens up the way for Louise Miguel.
It's about a four and a half minute cut that's Swania.
Boy do I like that from his new album.
Do I like that a lot?
I'll tell you right now.
And that's another thing probably boring to that guy.
You don't want to hear Enrique the Greece used.
He sure don't want to hear No Louise Miguel.
What is it that they do want?
You know, I've been asking that for 20 years.
They don't know.
They're actually perfectly happy, but they like the ambiance.
They like the atmosphere of the male contents of bitching and moating and screaming.
And it fits right in like a rubber glove.
123 at WIOD.
We got a little pretty nice thing.
A station that delivers presets, elaborate, a delivering sweet-head.
All weekend long, you can qualify by winning video cassettes of the movie Deliverance.
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend long.
You're saying saying this first.
The grand prize winner will be flown to Dove in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the Kahootalasi River,
and holding accommodations in beautiful entry.
He seems to be aware.
Now that you've just dropped them, thanks.
We're still the rattle.
And finally, the most simple to be the central.
Every time you hear Ned Mayte's, he's going like a bopper.
He's a delivering sweet-head.
All weekend long.
He's from a station that gets your word.
You 95.
128 at WIOD.
Deliver us from temptation so we don't have to go to entry.
We have 48 open lines on the line on the thing right now.
Just wait till the Paxen people take over.
We have 6,000 phone lines.
Man, there'll be no waiting.
Here's the mobile in Boca. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
It's your friend Steve.
I haven't called you in a while, but you were screaming before about Steve the cop calling and I figured I'd give you a call.
What does that mean?
How are you doing?
Steve, your friend.
You know who it is, Steve, the tile guy.
Yeah, what's happening?
Not too much.
What matter, you mad at me?
Your tile all popped up or something?
I never said that, but now that you mention it, no, it's okay.
Oh, good.
Just a little schmutzie, though, but it's okay.
As well, it's a texture tile, so you got to clean it up.
Hard to keep that thing clean, man.
You made a lot of work for me.
Well, yesterday I heard you talking about that Italian chunky red sauce thing.
Arbiter, I'm finally glad you set the record straight to let these people know that it's not really Italian food.
Not in the least.
That's some New York garbage.
Anywhere you go in Italy, if you get pasta, they put just enough sauce on the pasta just to cover the noodles and that's it.
You won't go anywhere where they have pasta just ladled, loaded with spoonfuls and spoonfuls of sauce.
They would laugh at you.
They would puke.
Exactly.
And they throw that mozzarella cheese on it.
Anything American, they just make it twice the size and throw cheese on it.
And that's what they call Italian.
It's just this garbage.
Well, not only Italian, but it's kind of like DALT.
I used to go to DALT a lot years ago and then I realized that even the C-TED cheese on it.
The idea is if you melt some cheese on everything that right away it makes it a delicacy.
Exactly.
The cheese palace.
So Rick gets the movement to the afternoon, huh?
I prefer that.
I like that.
I want it back to the old ways.
I believe her not.
I didn't mind like Reneer in the morning, you and the afternoon, Rick and Soda.
I mean, you and I, it's happening.
Right.
Well, you see during those days that's when they broke the radio station.
We had everything going great.
Reneer, whether you like the Bernadier, a good audience, you had a good following, a lot of business on that show.
Everything was going fine.
I was kicking ass.
Rick and Soda's had real good numbers in the afternoon.
Everything was going along fine.
Then they broke the station, which is years ago now, and they never could figure out how to fix it.
So now they blame it on us and they sell the damn place.
Yeah, that was boy, was that boy Gary at the time?
Yeah.
And he was at Randy at night too.
I mean, it was perfect then.
They should just left it alone.
Yeah, they can't do it.
They can't, they got a middlewood success.
They got a screw with it.
I mean, Ron and Ron, they're okay, you know, for like the first month or two.
But then you just get, you get tired of listening to the same, you know, the same old crap every morning, body shots, you know, and that, that, that's guy, you know, they're all right, but, uh, yeah.
They're no Neil Rogers.
That's for damn sure.
All right, Neil.
We'll see what kind of act they bring this time.
Yeah, I don't know who knows.
Keep up the good work, man.
So how are you doing? You married yet or what?
No, no, no.
Now we're, you know, we're still together.
We're living together.
We're doing good.
Yeah, we're doing real good.
Yeah, we're hanging in there, you know, it's hanging in there, huh?
Yeah, instead of going out party now, I got to go out and buy, you know, couches and paint and all this other crap that I don't need or want really.
But, you know, I guess I got to stop sometime.
Hang in there, Steve.
All right, deal.
Okay.
Bye.
See ya.
Well, I'm not sure what to say at that point.
You know, it sounds like it's, it's that time of life, you know, when you're low longer free, when you're tied down, when you tie it on, we have two open lines in
Broward.
If you're interested, if not, that's okay.
Two, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four.
You see, one of the things I keep thinking of that guy because he to me, epitomizes between him and that little punky kid that Milato kid on the, uh, on the elevator at the airport.
What are you smiling about?
I didn't say Milato before on the year.
I'm gonna say it now because I think that there was some symbolism involved there.
Some little smart ass kid.
Stupid.
Which I should have just kicked us not out of that kid.
And his father was a little a quizzling anyway.
So, you know, probably between the two of us, we're gonna take care of him.
But that's beside the point.
What is the point?
The point is that that guy just really sends me.
People like him.
There's so many of them out there, just professionally unhappy.
And the point that I was starting to make like two and a half minutes ago was that the amazing, the miracle of this show is that it's been as successful as it is when you consider the fact that most of the things that I care about, most of the things that I talk about, most of the people in this town don't care about.
And they still listen.
In fact, maybe that's why they do listen.
Because they can hear all the other pedestrian crap anywhere.
They can hear about Bridget with the big boobs.
They can hear all the same stuff all over the place.
They can hear that anywhere.
But they won't hear anything that they hear on his show anyplace else.
And so they're like infatuated with it.
They're obsessed with it.
I've been back in town for two days and you would think that the world came to an end.
Everywhere I go these last two days to the supermarket.
I'm driving on a highway.
People are like high-fiving and waving and I mean like an outpouring of emotion like thank God you're back.
People who ordinarily would shine me who would have ignored me before.
Now all of a sudden after a 10 day divorce separation whatever it was.
Wow.
We didn't realize how boring it really was here until you took off again.
Two open lines in Broward where it's really boring.
5249-463-524-OLD.
Now, when, now what is that?
Are you serious about that?
Yeah, well he is.
Larry.
Yes.
This isn't Larry Glick.
Let me check.
Wait a minute.
Yes it is.
Let me check.
How's the lemonade stand?
Holy mackerel.
How do you remember that?
You're not from Boston.
I ain't ill.
This is Larry Glick.
That's right.
WBZ.
Right.
You know what happened?
I was listening to you in the way up Neil and I was traveling someplace.
And you mentioned WBZ and Caldassus.
Right.
At rang of bell.
And then this afternoon I just arrived home and Peter Casey who's the program director at WBZ invited me to
75th anniversary of WBZ September 19th.
Yeah.
So I have to call Neil Rogers and say hello.
Are they going to bring Carl Dassus' body in for it?
Yeah.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Do you know what the last time I talked to you?
No.
This, you'll never remember this.
I was managing a station and I was also one year WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Right.
This is 1969 so that's 27 years ago.
And I called you up on here.
I don't even remember it had something to do with the lemonade stand or...
I talked to you on the year that 1969, 27 years ago.
That's what I'm memory of.
I have to give you a round of applause.
Wait a minute.
And he's still doing the same...
27 years ago.
You know something.
I got to tell you.
Seriously, I'm not just stroking you.
But when you were on that station back in those days, that WBZ at that time during that era was one of the great stations in the history of our industry.
So I enjoyed it.
You had Jefferson K.
What was his real name?
Mora Schwartz.
Mora Schwartz.
Right.
Good Jewish boy.
You had Bruce Bradley.
Right.
You had Dave Maynard who was still there, isn't it?
Still there.
I asked.
I just asked about him.
He's 150 years old.
He's still there.
They crawl the sews in the morning and you were doing that overnight stick.
And man, that show was more fun than a barrel of monk.
He's, of course, he had that big signal at nighttime with Kateria and Michigan.
And he heard you all over the damn place.
And that was great.
And then of course you went up almost everybody else in the business getting screwed over.
Oh no, no.
Everything was fine.
No complaints.
Well, what happened?
You left BZ.
I'm down here in Boca Ratona.
I'm retired.
But you left BZ and you went to HDH, right?
You son of a gun.
You know what's happening.
Hey, I lived in Boston for two years in the early 60s.
You were on here then.
Yes, I did.
In fact, with Jerry Williams.
Jerry Williams with whom I worked in 1970 and 1980 at WNW West down here.
Jerry was down here for a year.
That's right.
And you were on here and then you went to HDH and then they decided they wanted to pay you off to sit on the beach for a year, something like that.
What?
Son of a gun.
You were on the ball.
That's right.
What year was that?
Let's see.
In 88, I think.
And so what happened after that?
Well, they gave me a five-year contract.
It was very lucrative.
So I took it.
I was going to retire at that time.
Right.
And they maybe a deal I couldn't refuse.
So I took it in one year with no obligation.
They paid me the full salary.
Then they worked four years.
And unfortunately, I was worth it the first couple of years.
And then the bottom fell out.
And they were paying me this heavy bread.
And I wasn't earning my money.
But I had killed.
I had Jewish guilt.
Yeah.
How much I did.
I had Jewish guilt.
I checked every week.
But then it was over.
You know something.
You're the only guy I could talk to who'd remember the Prince Spaghetti House in Boston.
Oh, yeah.
Remember that?
Sure.
And Brigham's.
And Joe Animos?
Of course.
This is a fun one.
You hit when you said you talk about the big stations.
You mentioned Beesley and Carlos Sous.
One little quick story about Carlos Sous.
Yeah.
He was on from six to nine record show.
And I was on from 12 to six.
And he was there for 40 years at that time.
Right.
And he would always come in late.
Six o'clock, I would finish off.
I'd say goodbye in separate languages.
And then we'd have five minutes of news.
And then Carlos Sous shows six from six to nine.
Right.
And he'd always come in late.
And I really irritated him.
So I said, hey, Carl.
You know, it's a 50,000 watch station.
And they hear us all over.
It's just not be professional for you to come in five, 10, or 15 minutes late.
Right.
For me to be here.
You know, it's anti-climatic.
So I said, what I'm going to do is starting next Monday.
I said, I'm at six o'clock.
I'll leave a day at you.
I'm leaving.
Yeah.
And everyone said the whole staff said, you can't do it.
Because he came in one day.
He said, I stepped in some carbon ore one day.
I said, they're super stoppy.
Yeah.
Every day.
And he was always coming in from some bar.
Yeah.
So finally Monday came.
Now let's get this.
At six o'clock, I said, so long, I'm going to go out the way.
I go, are you on beaters and I leave a day at you.
Don't be saying you've seen a lot of that show of a laugh.
I said, goodbye.
And then the news with Gary Lapeier and Gil Santos.
Yeah.
They did the news.
And I sat outside in the parking lot.
Wait, Carl didn't show up.
So Gil Santos ran in and he sat in and he did the show.
This happened two or three times.
Carl would come in the next day and say, my dear boy, he says,
are you crazy?
What's wrong with you?
I said, Carl, I told you, I warned you.
I said, I'm going to leave at six o'clock.
I do a six hour talk show and I'm excited.
Right.
A six o'clock guy can do it.
So about three or four weeks later, he kept doing it.
And I kept staying off.
And by just this was ironic that General Manor,
he wrote that time.
He heard him and he found out what the story was.
And he spoke to Carl.
He said, Carl, in a very dignified choice at Carl.
If you find a difficult to get here at six o'clock in the morning,
maybe we could keep you in the hall permanently.
So it worked.
Beautiful.
Carl the Suze.
I guess he won't be showing up late anymore, huh?
No, but he's really a gentleman well-educated, well-traveled,
and truly a gentleman.
So I just, I was down here listening.
I listened to you.
You know, the show's today.
Your show is really out of the ballpark.
Yeah, you can say that again.
Yeah, your show is really out of the ballpark.
I'd be a smash in Boston.
I'll tell you that.
The archbishop be a matter-of-the-wet head, wouldn't he?
Even Cardinal Cushing might make a comeback to get me off the air.
You know, the contrast.
If we could show you some of the shows,
I don't know what they're doing up there now, but, you know,
there's just came.
Yeah.
And Carl the Suze.
I worked with Justin.
And I mean, stuff that you could go up and get it funny.
It's pretty, it's pretty terminal up there.
You know, for a town that's got all the college kids,
and it's supposedly so liberal and sophisticated.
I know.
Radio in Boston today is pretty, at least AM Radio is pretty backwards.
It's pretty weak.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Because I have a little to the use, so that's a good sign.
Well, listen, Larry, this is, you made my day.
Well, thank you.
This was the highlight of my day to show you how exciting this town is.
Well, Neil was a pleasure and good luck.
Okay, thanks, Larry.
Right.
Take care of yourself.
Larry Glick from WBZ in Boston.
I bet you there's somebody.
And then that other guy is saying,
oh gee, that was pretty boring.
Too bad, I liked it, okay?
20 till 2 at WIOD.
Okay, so we're going back from this one.
Is this break ever going to end?
You know what?
Updates as we get them.
She is.
She is.
Talk and tell you the truth.
Yeah, we'll give you that update when we know something we'll tell you.
Get out of here.
1.44 at WIOD.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up, buddy?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Let me remember a movie that came out in 1977.
It was called The Car.
Jay's Brolin.
No.
Never remember.
No.
I looked at everyone of that movie.
It was a pretty good movie.
It was like that movie, Christine, you remember that?
I remember that.
It was like that for...
I remember Christine because John Stockwell was in that movie.
John, which one was...
Oh, yeah, he was the cop.
No, he played the Goofy guy's friend.
His best friend.
Right, right, right.
The Goofy guy with the glasses that was obsessed with the car,
that was his best friend.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
You know, basically the same movie.
It was some prototype car that came out.
Jay's Brolin was in it.
Really good movie, man.
I've looked everywhere for it.
I don't think it was ever even released on video.
I can't even find anybody that's ever even heard of it.
Yeah, that's probably because it was good.
That's exactly.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks buddy.
Okay, pal.
See ya.
So does anybody remember Larry Glick, huh?
See, I don't have any old WBZ Jingles.
In fact, the only thing they used to play, I should have asked Larry if it was the Carl D'Sou's theme song,
or if it was just a jingle they used to play that getting to know you,
getting to something bright and breezy on WBZ.
That was a jingle that they had on there.
And I'm not sure if it was Carl D'Sou's theme song,
or if it was just one of the jingles that they played on the station.
But I do like the old jingles, baby.
There's a great guy to know.
That's not one of the ones I like.
You bring it back.
That's nice!
That's like an endless loop.
It has no cues on it.
Nice.
Hi, this is Swing and Swing.
This is Robin Seymour.
And this is Jerry Goodwin.
Hi, this is Jerry Steven.
This is Bobby Green.
And this is Bill Forbes.
I love you.
Bobby Green.
Come on.
I won't run a fight.
I love you.
Come on, you stupid.
Tell the youth, Jane and R.
You're radio.
The one you make me speak.
Oh, 707, don't you A.V.C.?
See, once upon a time, AM radio used to be great.
Once upon a time, there were, like, personalities.
In fact, radio used to be fun.
There were all these great personalities on the air.
People that were, like, fun to listen to.
There were part of your lives, you know.
And now it's, you know what it is.
It's a jukebox.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're right when you say people are high five
and then you're back.
They are.
Yeah, because that's all we got.
Now, a lot of us have no life out here.
And I'm taped.
I'll tell you, you know.
I'll tell you what, you better hope I live a long healthy life, man.
I sure do.
Did you hear about the one, the lady from Pompanon, with the four kids in a hotel?
No.
Yeah, she was, um,
She stuck them into pizza oven?
Well, she offered to perform a service on a cop because she needed the money.
And she left the kids in a hotel.
Yeah.
And their age is one month through four years.
And she took her in, they arrested her and she got let go by you.
Know who?
The judge.
Oh, not not let him go.
Lebo.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
I feared you were away.
It just happened last week.
Oh, not again.
Yeah.
That crazy bitch.
She let's out another one.
She had offered to perform on a cop for 20 bucks.
Who did the judge?
Well, yeah.
The lady.
Smelly bitch.
And, um, she was white.
Her husband, who was black, showed up at the station, claiming the cops that are up in the
Yeah, right.
Of course.
And, uh, Lebo ordered them to let her go and to undergo some sort of an evaluation.
Yeah, right.
It was in the paper.
I think that, uh, Lebo needs an evaluation.
Maybe she was a hurricane fan.
Maybe that was it.
Yeah, they had a big crowd for that game last week.
How many people they have there?
They announced 35, but sunny hurts that it wasn't quite that.
They're not that bad.
It's like a like about 20, 20 to people's.
You're up.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay.
Judge Lebo, she may not be good, but at least she's consistent man.
Smelly bitch.
Right.
What my pain.
Okay.
Calm down.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
You have no material.
Yeah.
You got no material.
What do you got a life?
Have you got a life that you're listening to a show that's got no material?
That's like almost over with already?
Right.
Here's an old conjure in Miami Beach according to George.
Hello.
Gone.
The old conjure.
I guess he expired.
That said, nice going, pal.
He croaked while he was on hold.
Well, that's a good way to keep him out of trouble, huh?
Just go scrape his ass up.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I wanted to give you some interesting armament against some of these Bible phonetics.
I was in the research too.
What Bible phonetics are you talking about?
Oh, I don't know.
The ones that call up and I don't know.
I studied the Bible for many years with a research ministry.
How do you press him?
Well, you know, you'd be amazed at what so many people are missing.
And when I look at this Bible, and we found out some interesting things.
Actually, there were four people who crucified with Christ.
I'm just trying to let this Paul with two.
And four actually died with Christ.
They say, and they also say that the last words they got to misconstrued
Christ on a cross.
When he said that supposedly, my God, my God, why has not forsaken me?
In the Esther and Gile, they were made right there with that part of the verse.
It says something that has more to do with my God, my God for this purpose is I buried.
Which is a lot different than what you...
Yeah.
And there's a lot of things that they don't know about the Bible.
Why would we waste our time talking about such juvenile crap as the Bible?
I mean, people who believe that stuff need mental help, okay?
I know.
It's just that some people don't realize that they're not...
No, no, most people, most of the people who believe that are just pathetic brainwashed people
who will never... who just doodiful and obedient will never ask a question,
who will never question authority, who will never think for themselves,
and they're basically brain dead.
They've had their brain taken away from them.
I don't have any room in my life for people like that.
They kind of make it look bad.
And I was listening to one guy the other day on a television from four origin ministry.
I'm not gonna say his name.
Not Dr. Kennedy, not that fascist pig-doctor Jim Kennedy out there.
Not that anti-Semitic homophobic bigoted Dr. Kennedy, huh?
I was trying to introduce some information about a college of evolution versus creation.
And he was being so smart, Alikean, and so stuck out about his information,
he was actually wrong and a couple of points that are very important.
Well, consider the source, pal, and have a great time. God bless you.
151 at WIOD.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610, WIOD.
154, WIOD.
Better grab this fast before we lose this gentleman again.
Hello.
And we lost him again.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I know you don't like to reminisce.
I heard the first broadcast of the WIOD in 1926.
You know what to call, let us start for.
I can't even imagine.
Wonderful.
A while of three.
No kidding.
How about that?
Now, didn't you start off with WKAT?
Yes, I did.
1976.
You know what it's called, let us represent.
Yes, Katzentine.
That's right.
Frank Katzentine.
Thank you so much, sir.
Okay, we should have saved that one for Phil.
That would have been good, even.
Let's go to, you could add a good time with him.
Lake Worth is gone.
What the hell is going on here?
We just had like 400 calls on here.
Phil Henry walks in the room, and they're all gone.
Yeah, that's like Rick Riley now blaming me and reverse.
When I come back from vacation, all of a sudden,
he can't get any phone calls.
What the hell is that all about?
Everybody's like, you know, they got the knife out.
Everybody's blaming everybody else because you people are a bunch of deadheads.
Even if we weren't here, it would still be a bunch of deadheads.
751 WIOD in date.
All three deadlines is dead.
Is that the wonderful gentleman we just had on early moments ago?
Two open lines in Broward.
5249463524WIOD.
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, are you done?
Okay, sir.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
Isn't that coming up pretty soon?
I, who knows?
Isn't that Russia Shana or is that Yom Kippur?
No, Yom Kippur is a day of atonement.
That's a day when you make up for eating too much grubbinus the day before.
One of those is New Year's, isn't it?
Yeah, Russia Shana is New Year.
Oh, okay.
It's around here sometime.
What day is Russia Shana, George?
What, when is it?
It's Friday, the 13th Saturday.
Oh, it's Friday evening.
Yeah, it's sundown, right?
It's a job is sundown, right?
All right, on Friday, the 13th.
Friday, the 13th, boy, there's an omen.
Here's your mentioned some Robin Seymour boy.
Yeah.
Are you from Detroit?
Yeah, I remember Fred Wolf.
He was a friend of mine, actually.
A friend of mine, actually.
Fred Wolf, what the bowling show, remember that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Fred Wolf, of course, was a DJ and WXYZ in Detroit, which was a great radio station.
They had Joel Sebastian.
They had the Don Z.
They had, who else was that?
Lee Allen.
Yeah, Fred Wolf used to bowl with my dad.
And Fred Wolf was the morning guy in WXYZ for years.
They had a championship bowling show that was on Nationwide Network TV.
He was great.
Good guy.
I heard you mentioned Dave Dixon, too, the other day.
Right.
You remember him on WABX?
Sure.
That was pretty good up there.
Right.
I'm wondering about the hockey game tonight.
Is that, what's in the TV guide?
What is FX?
What, don't you don't have FX on your cable?
That's not Fox.
It's the Fox movie channel.
They have there's FX.
Do you know what it is on Comcast by any chance?
I haven't got any idea.
I don't even know if you got it.
In other words, you're saying that FX has got the games tonight?
Yeah, it's on CBC.
So why don't I have to worry about that with my big dish?
I don't want to sound like a hot shot, but I am.
Yeah, all the other ones run Sunshine.
This one's not even on.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me take a puke at this, okay?
Sun Sentinel says...
The Sun Sentinel says...
Today's the thing.
Let's see, hockey, FX.
And what's that?
I have no idea.
It's a Fox.
It's one of the Fox things.
I guess I don't get it.
I guess I don't get it.
Well, you have to be hitting the bars tonight, I guess.
I guess, or you place.
It should be worth it.
It should be pretty good.
I have a...
Who are you going to root for, anyway?
You know something.
I'm so sorry you asked me that.
I don't know.
I mean, you know, I guess you're supposed to root for the USA.
But, you know, when you're a hockey fan,
you really got a root little for Team Canada.
So, I don't know.
I'll see.
I hope it's a good game.
That's what I mean.
It'll be good.
A non-request for you.
Okay.
How many versions do you have of the Macarena set, Tyra?
But, is there just one or is there a couple of...
No, there's about four or five, I think.
Because every time I hear that, it reminds me of the song.
It's just as bad as a song.
Because it's like one of those songs, if you hear it...
The word you're looking for is annoying.
Yes.
One of those songs you hear it and you keep like humming it all day long,
even though you can't stand it.
Right.
Right.
Can't get it out of your mind because they won't leave you alone.
Right.
Because those... the parodies sound just like the song.
Right.
It's quite revolting, actually.
Exactly.
And that's about it.
Okay, pal.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Okay, you go.
Okay, so it's on FX.
How do you like them, Apple?
So, because a lot of you don't have no FX on your cable.
And I tried to tell you, get yourself a dish.
If you can't get the big dish, at least get the little dish.
FX is on the little dish.
It's on the little one.
Here's the mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I was in Europe for about 26 days.
I was on a bus with about 38 other old parts.
We were the only young ones there.
Yeah.
I'm about 34.
And yeah, we were in Spain.
We were in Madrid.
It was pretty pitiful.
They take advantage of us there in Europe.
Those are all stink.
But I went out.
When I went to Madrid, I went to...
Did you go to Toledo, Spain?
No, I did not.
I saw Batman Air Robin there.
And Robin said to Batman, holy Toledo, Batman, we're not in Toledo.
Ohio, we're in Toledo, Spain.
Yeah.
And I said, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Was that before or after they shoved the Salami and Adam West tights?
That was that after that.
That probably after, yeah.
Well listen, I'm a chronic listener.
Keep up the good work.
I'm glad you had a great time.
All right, don't let them get to you.
Okay.
But they take advantage of us.
Tell your listeners, don't let them give them...
Don't let them forders take our money, okay.
Don't let them give them the money.
Don't make them a stigging and get out of here already.
Get out of here.
Know what they hated them over there.
You know what I'm saying?
So anyway, listen, Larry Glick was great.
Does anybody know who he is?
The first choice of when she was watching the line.
There's people who ain't got nothing.
You were Andy here.
Who's Larry Glick?
What do you know about radio?
You're a little pipswink?
Who's got a QAM?
Oh my, oh, D.
