A better Rick and suds and nobody could even tell that he'd been there good job
I said you know his motto ought to be hey. You'll never even know we were there being in charge of you though
Did he he wanted to charge me three hundred and fifty dollars woo. Yeah exactly
He got as much payment as your bounce check did
So anyway, it's nine thirty seven at double imagine how right in the push they were at that bank yesterday when they look in the thing
And they see not only it wasn't a hold put on it. It was just that's just
There's a little bit of air there
You know what I think that there was some malloc involved there
I mean what kind of a moron looks at a balance and sees over a hundred dollars more than the amount of the check and then says
Well, guess let's bounce the check somebody who's dealing with your money not their
Yeah, that's when it becomes important. Okay, let's try we have open lines by the way in Broward 524 to WIO D and date
7519 463 is that you I'm Kipper again. Let's try West Palm. Hello
West Palm good morning
Sure all right here's a mobile
How's it going bank?
bank suck
There you go I was here
I was like that other guy you've never paid attention to until I got a computer and started doing my my checking on quick
And I was just telling Neil that in a great you just press weapon style you enter your balance
Five minutes by me you'll catch a penny
You know and I everyone I caught was the bank right and it's always a
Their favor whoever you're paying it's always in their favor because somebody don't read too well right and
It is guy says he don't care why I added up even in smallmouth they was twenty bucks
You know you took a twenty dollar bill up if you got it laying on the road
But you see he writes it off to he don't care about 50 cents which is fine
But he doesn't know if it's fifty dollars because if you don't balance how you gonna know if it's 50 cents or 500 bucks
Exactly so you know you sure you can just for sake of argument say all I'm not gonna worry over 50 cents because I'm a hot shot
But you don't know what it is if you don't open up the statement and then like they did to Neil there
You know then you end up with that thirty dollars thirty dollars twenty seven dollars early service fees and it's just a bunch of bs
Well, you know sometimes it takes something to get your attention
You realize how many mistakes you know the ineptitude of the people who are doing this they I don't know if I could do that
Anyway to to be like a data entry person to sit there looking all those checks day after day all you do eight hours a day
What the fact is they make a tremendous amount of money but you're one
Well, I mean you know you know you have a computer how many times you hit the wrong key all of them you know yeah
Yeah, I listen to acronym for the date dolphins Dan's other leg put hopper in Nirvana good bye
What do you do with the s? Let's go to Miami. Hello
Rick and Pfff. Oh, it's back at you. Hey, what do you guys know about this real audio on the internet?
And it sucks. It sounds like really really crappy AM radio
That's that's the state of the art so we are gonna have it starting soon. Yeah, well, I've heard something that doesn't sound too bad
What is too bad? I mean it sounds like it sounds normal. I've heard other radio stations. Yeah, it's that's what I've garbled it's
We're on whose computer you heard it on done matter you don't have one
You don't have one
Don't start giving me these looks like you have one you have a computer I
Said I've heard it well. Thank you. Me an answer who's computer?
You're making difference. I've used real audio the program that's out right now and it sounds like crap
How about your song that sounds like crap? I've heard I've never listened to that I wave also we're now we're on I wave
Our ROM and Adam says that sucks. Yeah, well guys. I was listening to Steve nickel on friday
Mm-hmm, and he said your station was gonna be on it
But he also said that Phil Henry
They might time will cast a show from midnight to three out here and that he's talking to Phil's agent and to Phil about possibly doing that
Carrying the show live in other words. It's nine to midnight out there. It'll be 12 to three here. Yeah, he said that
The PD did yeah, oh, I don't know if he was drunk. I ran a
Ran ran into an interesting home page is called the Steve nickel sucks home page. Have you seen that?
Have you seen the nickel delusions of fantasy home page?
It's on air somebody I'm Tony
You know, don't you think it would be a lot easier seriously with all due respect to Phil wouldn't be a lot easier
If Steve got in the back of like in the trunk. Yeah, you know, just got a bottle got in the trunk with some ear holes
Yeah, and Phil drove him out there with him and he could be the PD of KFI from nine to midnight
I think I had no seriously. I think I had the right solution for the whole dealer
Because he is just he'll never be the same now so the show is going indicate into syndication before it ever starts right okay
I'm logical to me fact right now tonight. We're gonna be carrying it even though it's not on
The pot
It would still be better than that sports crap
We got all you do is imagine how great it would be from midnight to three
Well, he said today was the due day whether he's gonna stay with with Paxen or not who?
Steve nickel
Whether who's gonna stay with Paxen on him? Oh
Today, why did you say all this? How the hell how let me you know?
It's really interesting that he goes on the year Sunday morning and tells the audience all this stuff
But none of us know anything about this
Today is the D day is to whether he's gonna be the PD or not that's what he said how come we don't know that he's gonna decide whether he wants
He's gonna decide
Yeah
As he come in yet, don't you think it's a little cutting it a little bit close to the bone I do
Is he there yet at the end of the building?
We haven't checked the floors on the hallways. You still got almost a week. Yeah, as he dragged in yet
And of course, let me also tell you since you brought this good news up
We were just lamenting during the last break that like sports talk
We don't have any idea if D.F.O. Stinger going to Q.A. M
So we have no idea who's doing sports talk eight to midnight
He's allegedly bringing some guy. I don't know if he's bringing this guy from Vegas in that he was talking about or who it is
We've got somebody new coming on, but we don't know who it is or what they do or anything about him
Overnight we have no clue whether it's gonna still be this a Ron bar sport
We don't have any idea what's gonna be on like half the broadcast day and he said to sail my go through Friday
So that's what three days away. It's supposed to go through Friday. It will go through Friday. Oh, it is
Yeah, yeah
The 30th I mean the 30th is when they take over Friday it goes through the 27th right as of the 30th we will be back soon
Good luck guys. You need it. Oh, okay. Thank you. Thanks for the good news
Just click your hill. Let's see we're having their caring Phil from what from 6 a.m. To midnight 6 a.m. To 6 a.m.
It's gonna they're gonna bring her back right out of the bay. They're gonna fish her ass
Yeah, he's dead for his four hours, right? And then they're gonna bring back what's his name my the payroll Earl pants
Yeah, Earl Garner and Earl Pants
I'm getting misty just thinking about it. Well why why does Phil even have to go?
Why can't he just stay here instead of relocating and do the show from here and Simon cast it out to KFI rather than going to KFI
That's right here except I think he'd rather be out there
What
Wouldn't you
Would you call me do you let's go to a mobile hello? Yes morning
Morning
Yeah, I got a bank story for you of knock you out of your socks. Yeah, not wearing any so
Went to the bank to check the balance on my account about two months ago. I had $3,647
More money in my account than I was supposed to
Congratulations, and I walked up to the color and I said there's a mistake in my account
And I'd like to get a correct it where you have to go see the manager
So I went over to this young man
And he said yep, you're absolutely right and I said well, I'd like to get it withdrawn
Because I know if I if I spend it you're gonna come and put the in jail
So he said well, we got to go through a procedure. Can you come back tomorrow?
And I said sure it's not convenient, but I'll do it. I
Went home. What was the procedure? Why did you have to come back tomorrow?
I don't know
I had to come back from Moscow your account was impacted. It was rectal surgery as far as I was right anyway
I go on that night the next day I go back to the bank and the guy says oh I want to talk to you about the two-bounce checks you have
And I said how can I have two-bounce checks? I've never written a check for more than my written my mortgage payment
I only write six or seven checks a month and I've got seven or eight thousand dollars
And I account besides the 3647 dollars you mistakenly put in there
He said we froze your account so the checks bounced
Now your account's gonna remain closed this is what he had to do as they froze the account the amount you really had in
Plus the 3600 which is there because of their mistake because of their mistake. Oh, what bank was this?
All right, so I I went to the guy go back to the bank and I said to the guy
Well, do you think it would be well they would now be they were protecting you though the fact I have an excellent credit record
I've never asked to check
You know what what happens if more money came into your account or something that account wasn't frozen
I'm going to prison. I think yeah, there's anyway the end result was I asked him if they would write a letter to the two-bounce
The checks were bounced off. Yeah, and
Explained that it was their problem. They said yes, they would take care of it immediately
That's two and a half months ago. I've been to the bank four times and now that computer won't write that letter
Immediately is a figure of speech in the banking industry sir immediately is a lifetime that way you know you got it
That's the figure of speech so they're not gonna write what do you mean the computer was frozen? They're not gonna write the letter
up punchline
After this was all over my account was opened up. Yeah, 10 days later. I still have the 3645 dollars my
So my
Companions that work decided I should write a check for that amount. I agree. Yeah, I think out there right
So I wrote a check but I went to the bank to cash it
I know the man at the bank the same guy been talking to all the time. Here's my check
I'm gonna cash it. I'm gonna take this cash and I'm gonna walk out of the bank and I'm gonna keep it
You should know to back you at time and he says you can't do that. It's illegal
It's your money. Yeah, guess what my account was all straight now in about 37 seconds
You didn't have to go home wait a day, huh?
I love it. I'll freeze anything on your own. I would
That's the only bad thing guys. I wouldn't hook my computer up to a bank for anything. I
Don't trust them my computer is not hooked up to a bank at all. I hope so no
It's but I still pay all my checks and everything electronically by a third party a third party
I will guarantee you someday they'll dream up a way to clean out your accounts
I don't every check you've gotten you have to live with studs
I'm taking I'm I'm I'm plugging it this afternoon pal. Thank you
947 if we take it a break you see where his mistake was
Why did he have to be he still wanted to be so honest? Why do you go back in telecon?
He was he was honest just write the chair. Well, he was afraid of going to jail
Oh, is that he know it whenever it's in your favor. You got to go to jail
It'll never come out and only person that I have ever known for a favor to come out in his favor forever is such Coleman
He bought a little walk. He bought an entertainment center from Levitt's they never built him
He made one payment. They never build him. It was like $15,000. He paid a
142 dollars on it and that was about it
Ten years ago, right? Oh at least yeah
Now he's the only guy I've mentioned on the air you think Levitt's may go back in there look for a Coleman a suds a
Cellburn something yeah, well forget it
He's the only one to ever walk from so everybody else goes to jail and that's what this guy was afraid of so he was just covering his own butt
Anyway, leave it to Levitt's 941 it or 948 it don't look at that. We just gave you seven minutes. There's your interest
For bad guys
When you talk live on 610 W IOD you'll be recording and we'll play the tape back whenever we feel like it
952 at W IOD eight in front of 10 o'clock. So let me ask you this question
Since it's no seriously, this is mind-boggling. We are we're stuck and we only find out stuff from the audience
Thank God at least for a few of those bastards out there that we get little
Drips and drabs of stuff that's going on because nobody talks to us most of the time and
Supposed he decides well the booze a good air anymore or something or I can't get Phil's show on overnight so I'm not staying
Who's the PD then who's gonna be in charge of this? Adam Adam. I'm gonna do it
Do you recall we didn't have a PD for some time and we were we did pretty good well in between
Yeah, exactly like things went up and we're pretty successful
Let's go to my own the long. Yeah
Miami Beach 4.1 of the morning show I remember good morning. Yeah, long morning. I am a listener. Yeah, I need to ask you a question
Well, we are the host maybe we are the host so we must answer these questions
I may I realize that you can't have a show like yours without defending somebody that we offended you
Yeah, oh good. Thank you. Okay. I hope I can return the favor sure
You know
To statements like professional Jew and young Kippur. There are things that are holy to us
Yeah, I really think that you need to ease up with it wrong
Row wrong well from a low life you like you I can
Oh, yeah low life because I don't agree with you
I don't run a show that but wait a minute
So it's okay for you to call me a low life
I thought I make fun of silly old holidays
The only thing I call you a low life for is for making statements like that what you decide to do with your life is your business
Oh really I don't find you wrong or right or anything else. Yeah, thank God for the rest of us who feel that this is our way of life
You know something there's 80's Zillion religious shows on all over TV and radio
When somebody comes on welcome you don't want to let me say anything
Why don't you just say it the way it is if you have somebody to make the way it is but you just keep talking
You don't want to do it anyway. You're used to having taken a breath
I think probably I think probably yesterday the fast is
Probably your way you're trying to make up for it now probably to low life like you yeah low life there
We go again. Why don't you go to the way you go to the wall and
Okay, why don't you rock it rock back and forth at the way like you go to Jerusalem with the Arabs there puts a
Shmata's on okay, and why don't you go yank your sisters while you're at it?
It's like you crazy bastard take your yamakens stuff in your dreidel
Okay, but I hope you eat it for lunch next jump Kipper in your burn it purgatory. I hope that's not even come on
Because that's the apple of your Jewish ass. Oh, we're fine 95 and W. I. O. D. Let's go to
Yeah, he's just quit. He's the good religious Jew right there. Yeah, that's just knocked off
Dead air after even golden golden mayor and I have rather asked you are
Rotten air grave was in that prick let's go to Fort Waterdale. Hello. Hi
I wanted to tell you about that quarterback situation. The who to what?
The quarterback quarterback on a quarterback. Yeah, okay, it's good bringing the third string. They bring it to a string
The third string quarterback the day thing
The fourth of fourth then the first and second cannot come back in that's what they say second
I can bring them in the fourth quarter. Yeah, you can bring back
Okay, we got change recorder
Okay, thanks for bringing thanks a lot
Let's
Gamelize my granny mobile. Hello, sir. Oh that guy. I'm a homin a homin a homin a homin a
Yeah, listen, I got legal question here. Oh, you've come to the right place just to tank over who my number
Who's the property of my number now? You got to have a recertified in the afternoon
So I have to call back. Yeah, I'm gonna start all over again. I'll have the first two months
You'll have 30 days to call back in and read and validate and then any numbers that are left over
We're just gonna reassign them what a father number. We're gonna have them distributed through the banks to everybody's account
What if all the numbers get together and have a class action suit?
Oh, oh, he's still my heart one could only hold on we'll join you how's that we'll give ourselves numbers and we'll be in there
Okay, well, I'll call back with a new number, but it won't be the same. No, you know, what is your number now?
294 it's your number forever. Well, be sure columbst evenickle this Sunday morning on the PD show and wish him good luck
I can have a first number and I'll ask number like a first and last name
See us let's go to a
Man, oh man, we've been he's gonna make a big decision, huh?
Nothing like cutting things a little close that's what I told the oil when I was born
Let's nothing like cut it real close pal Adam. You're gonna answer any of these words you will this guy grab one
This grab one forget about it quit bitching Adam. I don't know. You know under Marvin. H. You date
Looking out through the morning rain
Like you said, I guess you're right. Let's go to another day. Hello
Hi guys, thank you. I have a bank or story for you. I
Worked for the federal
I'll tell you what hold on because you're gonna have more bank stories than you can use and I'm sure you'll be welcome with yours
Stay right there. It starts at 10.05. Just find something to do for about eight minutes
Find something to do for eight minutes just hold on and find some
Find something I at least have a number
Yes, you know sure what's your name and with an e720
Yes, okay, don't go in. Okay. Thank you
Put in a hole please, please. Okay. Yeah, it's 9.57. Three in front of 10 o'clock at WIOD and I wanted and ever been there
Tell you about
Web 2000 are you stuck in traffic with your internet service provider worried about your clients prospects not being able to access your
Website real audio sound like crap
Well then getting a fast lane with web 2000 under that's gonna happen with when them with wham web 2000 can get you up and cruising for only 20 bucks a month with that
28-aid modem we've talked about this before services like a do a well a do well can cost you
150 300 thousand dollars a day stop getting taken by those other online services who charge by the hour your
28-aid modem unlimited 20 dollars a month now ISD and let's talk big boy stuff or big girl stuff
Web 2000 can get you up and running on that for as little as $30 a month and it's five times faster than the 28-aid modem
How about if you're a business owner? Yes, you a business owner web 2000 specializes in turn key network solutions
It means you sit down you turn the key and voila is working like magic ISD and frame relay T1
They're especially you don't have to know what they are web 2000 knows what they are you just get to use them
Led web 2000 show you how to get them how to who know what am I saying?
I exactly thank you
commentation
hummentation at
1-809-494-net that's web 2000 1-809-494-net
Adios where goes this is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any question
Like a lady
Like a lady
Walk like a lady
Yes, I am
Like a lady
But I got wise
There's a difference between the size oh yes, there is a difference between the size
You showered me with kisses
I thought you were my queen
But I noticed something funny. I saw the bulge in your jeans
She looked like a lady
Walk like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got wise
There's a difference between the size oh yes, there is a difference between the size
You were my perfect lover
But how I was surprised not only do you have one but you're not circumcised
She looked like a lady
Like a lady
Walk like a lady
Talked like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got wise
Oh there's a difference between the size oh yes, there is a difference between the size oh
Okay, that's not about Bernie Koso are by the way
It's 10.08 at W.O.D. Good morning to you happy Tuesday tough game last night tough game and let me say it again
I'm seeing a little bit of some of the stuff we've seen in the past neurotic repetition over and over and over again
Danny gets hurt we bring in Bernie who just came from the girl school and
There's starting to blitz on every play how come it is that the cults kept running the draw play over and over and over and over and over again last night
And anytime they felt like it and they pick up 10 15
12 yards over and over again
I don't think we've dropped stop their drop play once last night and yet in the fourth quarter when we're still
Miraculously still in a game in spite of the fact that Nudnik missed another field goal
We're still in a game and the Bernie's back they're getting creamed
I mean their blitz and they're coming in I mean isn't got a chance they're turning them into a Thanksgiving wishbone
And we don't do anything different nothing we don't run a draw play
We don't throw a little screen pass except there at the end which Abdul Abdul Schwartz there Karim
Says oops sorry
It hit him in a bad place as usual and that would have been the first down and who knows they might still be playing at this point
But it's one of those there was a tough night
But sooner later we were gonna lose one and that damn Jim Harbour had to be the one to beat us
But what he makes me sick to my stomach. I just get oh God. Why hate him?
Is this Ann still on here by the any chance? Hello?
Hi Neil. Hi here. It's still is Ann. Well, thank God I remembered
Thank you. I have a bank horror story for you. Yeah back several years ago when I was working for the federal court
So it was a student employee so I was considered self-employed
So I had to pay my tax income tax quarterly right well
I went ahead and got my income tax return in I was supposed to get back a little over a thousand dollars
I get my income tax check back my refund check back and it's four hundred dollars and some odd sense, you know
and I went back to my tax people agent our block and
I said to him what's the problem with the lady looked back over my checks and it turns out that my bank had only paid
The government where they were supposed to pay him seven hundred and fifty six dollars. They only paid the bank the government
156 dollars nice only six hundred short right so they six hundred dollars short of the government
Well the government made up for it out of my income refunds. There no problem with that
I went to the bank the next day and I said to them what all I want from you is a letter stating that this was not my screw up
It was yours to check with plainly written it was legible. There was no questions of it
Just go ahead get me this letter. So if I get audited. It's not you know
I'm not responsible for this. It was your screw up. Oh no problem
But for deposited my page my income tax check that day
Few days later I'm in the bank with my mom and I said to her look
I'm gonna put in a few dollars so I get it up over my balance up over five hundred dollars to draw some interest
She's okay
So I'm in line and I asked the lady. I don't know what made me ask the lady for a balance when she did the deposit
Yeah, you still owe us a hundred and four dollars
And I went what they heard me all over the bank
What turned out is that the bank without my knowledge or my permission
With through six hundred dollars from my checking account and sent it to the federal government
Unbelievable can you believe that which bank was this city bank?
I will gladly tell you tell the world it was city bank. I think you left the H out yet really
Wow
A few weeks later I get my six hundred dollars plus interest back from the federal government. Yeah, which is great
Ask me did I ever get a letter of apology or we're sorry or anything from the bank?
The answer to the question is new. I did not unbelievable
Nice, but they did I think they say themselves a lawsuit they didn't charge me a service charge for like two years
So I kind of lucked out they all suck. They all suck. It's hopeless. It's hopeless
When I when I finished this story up from what happened yesterday
It's gonna make the previous days seem like a child's play. It's unbelievable
I
Was ready to call in I mean I'm sitting there looking on their computer screen
While they're back in the room hockin a china with each other trying to figure to save push and I'm looking
I can see like 16 lines you know from the ledger and my account for the marmos stakes
Now if that's if they made four mistakes in
One account in 16 lines you can imagine multiply at times the thousands and thousands of customers
They have an it's one branch times the millions of customers they have around the country and it's a nice way to make a living
You know, it's no wonder they're the biggest bank right?
That's what I said. I said why I'm in a wrong racket. I beat buying up all the other banks too if I was ripping everybody off like this
It's
Jesse James isn't dead. He's gone into the banking business. Okay, sweetheart. I'll see you in raford
And take care. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we're all going to jail because the banks are gonna put us there this this story yesterday
And I sure hope that my good friend Kimberly is back from young kipper yesterday. Hope she didn't eat anything
Because she has a lot to be forgiven for I'll tell you that these are nothing so over there at Haitian's bank
Oh, the story gets even better
It's 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD, you know long as it been since radio's bad boys were on the air in South Florida
Too long and that's why they're back run and run mornings Monday September 30th on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I
Oh, the
Tank Goldberg
Okay, 1016 at WIOD thanks to Lin at Kaiser and Blair Inc and they make
T-shirts and caps and all kinds of good stuff. She sends me a lovely t-shirt. Thank you, Lin
It says hurricane tracking chart and it's an orange and green no less is that interesting as in hurricane colors and
It's got a map of
What is the map of is it a map of Miami? Is it a map of the world? It's just a general map and
It shows Miami and it's got all the various heracune who've had the suspensions and got a jail and are
Way awaiting suspended indefinitely here's one pending no contest and there's one two three four five six seven on
The front and on the back
And even seen the back yet
On the back it says
Dedicated to hurricane center terms tropical storm hurricane watch hurricane warning misdemeanor felony probation domestic violence bad publicity
No contest suspension NCAA investigation scholarship reduction. Oh, all right. Thank you Lin beautiful. We're with the great pride
So anyway getting back to this thing yesterday at the bank so after my four-hour tirade yesterday
I go over there. I drive into the bank. I walk in the door. I sit down
I put my name you know how they have the little thing there the clipboard and you may put your name on a list to see
Somebody who's a hot shot so I put my name on a list and I'm sitting there a couple of minutes
I noticed that people are looking like the tellers are looking at each other very kind of like tense and there's almost nobody in there
Damn it so I couldn't put on a big show and jump up and down and
So eventually this guy who's very nice guy who's there only from another branch filling in
I guess for Kimberly yesterday because it was yum kipper and guys like this
Orthodox jackass that called before that low-life scumbag that called Rick
They were like busy fasting and whatever and getting upset because I was making fun of it
So anyway, I Kimberly wasn't there so this guy sitting in
So he asked what he can do for me and blah blah blah
I tell him and I've got this check and a bounce the check and the out of yada whatever else and what's the problem here
So now the head teller my good friend gadget comes over
Gidget goes Hawaiian
And we start looking at the problem and of course they know there's an ongoing problem
They know that there's been four hours of a vicious attacks and rightfully so on a year and they're very defensive and red in the face
And we look at a computer on a computer screen
Now meanwhile this guy and Gidget go back into the office for a second or two to make a phone call to one of the
Bank hot shots that they've been on a phone with all day
I guess to try to get this to the bottom of this mess why they're so inept
So I'm sitting there and I'm looking at the computer screen and it's got like
12 or I would say 15 lines
From the ledger of this one account of my business account and as I'm looking at the lines
First of all I look and here's a balance of $8,123
Before the $8,000 check came in are you following me?
$8,123 is the balance the check is 8,000 they bounce it
There was no whole place done the deposit they just bounced it
Then of course after that there's the $27 fee for the
Insufficient funds another mistake that's mistake number two and as I'm glancing up and down this column
I see two of my tax payments which end in 50 cents. They're all the same every week
Okay, the same amount it ends in 50 cents to the IRS which I make to the bank and they pay the IRS
The I see one of them on there with the 50 cents the next two that are on there are like zero zero
Not to the next highest dollar the next lowest dollar in the banks for so here's a dollar now granted
It's only a dollar that's missing which I'm not that concerned about as the 8,000
But here's another dollar just in 16 lines out of the four mistakes that I see there in the 16 lines
Here's another dollar that they ripped off from me and
They can't figure out why oh, I don't know where we dropped that 50 cents and I said the 50 cents isn't really a big deal
Even though the federal government might not like it too much
But when you multiply 50 cents times however many customers you people are got it starts adding up to some serious money
So to make a long story short after being in the bank
Gidgets is okay do this and this is the way we're gonna solve it
We got a we got a system set up and see me and I'll take care of Bob Bob. We're gonna have a discussion
Okay, so I go with a straight not all the charges. It was their mistake. It was it was it's unconscionable
$123 more than the amount of the check and they bounced the check
So I go home assuming all is right with the world okay?
I feed my dogs. I take the mail out of the mailbox. I'm sitting down going through the mail
I
Don't want to tell you where I was sitting going through the mail. I left the H out
That's right. I was sitting there on the throne going through the mail
That's a good place to do it something interesting to read all of a sudden wow
Urgency really helped to speed up the process. I'll tell you that because here's another one of these tell tail envelopes from nations bank
Regional Center in Tampa. I said, oh wait a minute. This can't be
Because I've had them reinstore you know put the 8000 back in my personal account when I was in the bank
But in the meantime too late I
Opened this up and on your personal account number so and so items presented for payment on the 19th of September
Check number so and so here's four of them that were paid but overdrawn so
$27 fee charged they were nice enough to pay these small ones
But they charged me a $27 fee which one of the checks was for like 60 bucks
But a $27 fee then here's another one check number so and so
$600 return in sufficient funds another $27 fee which happens to have been a check to norm cat for legal fees my attorney
Which thank God it was to him and nobody else like somebody important
So needless to say I'm back on the phone and I'm now starting to get really agitated aggravated while I was in the bank
I mean what's the point of screaming and yelling? It's not gonna do any good
I've done four hours on here, but now that I'm into this and I'm saying how can this be possible?
How can there be so many stupid people there?
And of course she's practically peeing in her pants because she knows that the it's just oh it's like the domino effect
I said that's right like the fat stomino effect
Just one mistake leading to another and another and of course I'm the one it's oh well baby glad to write a letter to
Mr. Kent I said yeah right right a letter to Mr. Kent right a letter Maria
And so this is where we are today and they're having another meeting and Kimberly is coming back from your kipper
And I hope they have a wonderful life together and in the meantime
I'm thinking of you know as I'm driving up to the bank yesterday after doing this show
You know, I'm thinking naturally I'm gonna go over to that family bank
I'm gonna close my account
But in the meantime that it dawns on me. I've got thousands of checks thousands literally because I got that new
laser printer from my computer thousands of checks on their bank
Personalized that I'm gonna I'm not gonna wind up eating those in addition to which next week or whenever it's gonna be eventually
We're gonna be paid by Paxon or switching over that whole system, which I don't even know how that's gonna work yet
So now is probably not the most propitious and convenient time for me to be switching banks
unfortunately
So I'm sitting here still at the mercy of my good close personal friends at Haitians bank waiting for them to see if they can get
They're act together and just like Rick told that one bonehead out there who didn't want to listen
Oh, what's 50 cents? Well, if you feel like getting it
Maybe it's not 50 cents. Maybe it's 50 bucks. Maybe it's a buck here. Maybe it's a buck there
Maybe the course of it you're it adds up to 100 or 200 or 500 or whatever it might be
So if you're another one of these people at trust your bank and never looks at your
Establish and figures all you know, they got all our computers. They everything they got to have is right right
Right
You sit there and you look at that thing and you wonder what kind of a child what kind of a moron
Can look at that screen and see a check comes in to be paid for eight thousand dollars. There's 8123 all insufficient funds
Seriously, what kind of an education you have to have a kindergarten education to get that far or what
All I can say is unbelievable pathetic
1024 wiod
Use talking entertainment radio
610 wiod
Gary Bruce tied to the track in front of a freight train
1028 at wiod is the beat goes on so we're just
And you know, I was trying was I was sitting there waiting for this guy to bank yesterday
I'm putting together in my mind. At first it was people's bank of ilya
then it became
CNS
Or was it the other way around was it NCMB first?
I think NCMB and CNS co-existed, but one of them devoured the other or something
Right, but I think it was NCMB from boy did I have problems with that that's when the trouble started
Then it became CNS and then nations bank gobbled up CNS and they vanished and now we're where we are here today with Haitians bank
Here's coil springs on a purple line. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay?
I loved the show. I just wanted to my heard yesterday dog in Haitians bank. I was I was loving it because I had problems when I first moved down here with
I mean, I thought I was the only one that was having problems with them
I mean they must hire the most stupid people on the face of the earth because
The kind of mistakes that they make it just so
Unconsciously, I've never had I've never had a problem with any banks before until until I came down here
Yeah
Well, what happens with my wife?
Positive to pay check and she makes pretty good money. We deposit it and
It got kicked back. Okay, and they never notified us until two weeks later and we ended up right in between 10 and 15 checks
They all got kicked back and they didn't cover them which means they charged us the fee on each check
The problem was they said it was an improper endorsement because we didn't put our account number on it. Oh boy
And uh, but we signed it in other words you endorsed it but you didn't put the account number on it
We don't put the thing that the thing that I thought was wrong was they actually took the check, you know
The tele looked at it. I mean, I think it's somewhat their responsibility to make sure you know proper door right
They put the money they didn't have any holds on it and they put the money directly into our account
So they kicked it back and they put it away. I don't think that the law requires you to put your check number on the back
I think that's just the procedure that some banks require
But but there's no law that I mean you just have to endorse the check you sign it
You don't have to put your account number on the back. Well, that's what they were saying
But the thing that got me was they you know three days later
They're hope to put a hold on our account
But they made no attempt to notify us for two weeks, right? Which means we ended up losing me and it up getting charged by $800
From nations bank because of all the C's plus some companies when you get it, you know when your check bounces
They want to charge you extra to you know of course and uh, so we ended up pulling a lot of money
And I thought like it was lost out of them and really really pissed me off
But I don't know I've had a lot of problems with the nation's bag not like I just went in there as a matter of fact now
The positive to check and I wanted to see if it's check cleared because it was actually to the IRS unfortunately
But um I went in there and they didn't they couldn't even tell me what check number it was they had it cleared
But on the screen it didn't have the check number on it
You know what I'm saying yeah, so I don't know it's just I've had a lot of problems with the bank myself
I thought when you were talking about nation's bank yesterday was it was a trip
So well the story gets even better now
I know but we luck pal. Okay, it was good talking. Good day. Thanks
Yeah, kids even better and then of course from between the bank to my house
Which takes about five or six minutes
It gets even more exciting as I pick up this piece of crap out of the mail and then and this is just one out of maybe 15 or 20 of these episodes over the last few years
And they just never once never never once never
Has Kimberly Lieberman or anybody else picked up the phone
They've got my phone number and called me and said oh gee there's a problem here
We think you've got the uh check that is over drawn and uh, do you want to come over here and the straight it out or
Maybe it's armor steak or your miss or you know, whatever never never once
Because everybody is just a statistic
And all this stuff goes through Tampa through the regional banking center in Tampa
Where people haven't got any idea who you are or what you are or who's on first or what's going on
All they know is that somebody puts something into a computer somewhere
Some moron somebody with a kindergarten education put something into a computer and couldn't get it straightened out
Couldn't get it right somebody with a mentality of a Johnny Dolan put the information to read a computer and your life is hanging into balance
I mean we're talking about we're not talking about uh, you know how many eggs you got in a refrigerator
We're talking about your money folks
That's what we're talking about
And the way they handle it and the way they deal with it's enough to a scared living
Audio worked for me yesterday fine
So that that might be a good addendum to the atkins you know if you're having a little bit trouble moving your balls when you're on the atkins
Because it's a little bit vinding just start banking at Haitians bank. You'll be crap in your brains out
Here's a lady in voka hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I have a banking story from a couple years ago. Yeah
It was a weekend, you know, and I decided that I wanted to eat so I went to the ATM machine
You got some nerve. Yeah, it's terrible, huh
So the thing came back. I wanted to withdraw from my checking right and it came back in sufficient funds in the receipt
And I said what because I know there's enough money in there. So I did a balanced check
Okay, now listen to this it said that my checking account was over drawn by
$1,760,000 like
43 cents. Hey listen if you got a screw off at least do a big time. That's the way to do it
So then I checked my savings account and that was fine
Okay, yet when I tried to withdraw from it, it wouldn't let me okay
So Monday comes I go to the bank at the time it was
First Union, which I just taken over southeast right so I go there and I explain the situation of them
And I said you know I'd like to take some money out. I'm getting hungry, you know
No, we can't do it your account is frozen
Okay, now to make the long story short it took me two weeks to straighten it out
Okay, in order to get access to my account
I needed a letter of authorization from so and so and such and such up in North Carolina or whatever
They had to present the letter to the teller and have her call him in all this other crap
I couldn't believe it for two weeks
They wouldn't even let me touch my savings account which had the correct balance
So in other words some bozo punched in a whole bunch of extra zeros on something and it took two weeks out of your life
Right, you know, I don't know what the law is on this, but it sounds to me
It sounds to me like somebody ought to be suing the crap out of these banks
Yeah, and did you over here? I think it's um sun bank. I don't want to say the wrong bank blah blah blah
But sun bankers, son trust
No, this is that it happened when it was sun bank. Okay, okay
And there's an article on the paper about how right let's say you have four hundred dollars in your account
You write a check or they say you have four hundred dollars in your account
You write a check for four hundred ten dollars. They and then a check for a hundred dollars. Okay
Now let's say the checks for a hundred dollars comes through the bank first
Right, they are supposed to process that check first because they get the check first, right now
If they want to and this is what I believe sun bank got into trouble for right?
Let's say a check that comes in around is like on the same day, but later
Okay, if that check will cause the other check to bounce
They will process that checks first so that they can incur a bounce check fee on you for two days
Right to get that 27 bucks or whatever it is, right?
If I got that guy who says he never checks his bank statement
Right, he is a psychopath because see a lot of people don't realize that banks are profit making institutions
They're not non-profit service organizations
Forget it. There are bunch of vultures right to the to rip us off whenever they can get away with it
Right, and then a while after this happened I pulled out a first union right and I wanted to open an account
Unfortunately, it hasians bank because they were right on the street
You know, they open a new office. I go up there right and I had at the time something happened right
I had a good thing, you know anyway
I had twenty five thousand dollars to open an account with right yeah, they would not take my money and I said why
Okay, it turned out to be to my benefit because I went somewhere else right yeah
You bet with first union okay somewhere in the process
I ended up owing first union eleven dollars that I had it paid because I didn't even know about it
Yeah, and this eleven dollars thing is all over on my credit
Oh, you've only got twenty when you've only got twenty five grand. Why should they expect you're gonna be able to pay the eleven bucks
That's right. So I just couldn't believe it. It was just so absurd. I felt like I was going not to or I don't know
But anyway, um, that's my way like you said yourself you lucked out yeah in the long run you were away ahead of the game
Right, so don't do it against sweetheart. No, okay, good luck. Bye
The beat goes on baby. It just goes on and on and on and just stupid idiotic pathetic mistakes
Can't we just set up a system like you know what's going on? Oh
We can't do that
Because we don't know what's going on and by the way, you know that the one with the green here and the purple eyes
That just gave she's only here for like two hours
And she'll ever be here again and she doesn't know who you are so be sure and like put your penis imprint on the a check
So she has some idea it's small, you know, she'll know it's you
We have an open line in date seven five one. We got two and brown or five two four and two on the green lines one eight hundred
Oye, Vesmir nobody cares about that game last night, huh? I still say we could have used a little and of course
We still got Gary Stevens there who's still as offensive as ever. That was Jimmy's I think biggest mistake
I have no idea maybe maybe Gary's got the pictures. Maybe that's what it's all about
But boy you talk about
Disaster the running game a working Bernie is getting cream and we just keep doing the same thing
He drops back three or four yards and just gets blasted over and over and over again nice nice finish
And we're still in the game that's the thing that otherwise you to said okay go to bed early forget about it
We just got bombed and he got hurt and he'll be back in a couple of weeks
We got to buy next week will be okay, but we still had a chance to pull that baby out
And I just didn't see too much original too much exciting too much innovative too much
And I still would like to see that Pockmark kid near the fourth quarter put that Craig Erickson in so what if he was the worst
Lay that that brought ever had big deal. We don't care about that
That's not what Bernie said
1038 at W.I.O.D
Rest by the host gastricolors on W.I.O.D.
Or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors
All W.I.O.D programs are copyright
1996 by W.I.O.D.
Incorporated notes a recording or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of W.I.O.D.
Incorporated sweet liquor. Is is the pain
What's having read
New from the being company. It's the tuna taco
I love tuna taco
Yes people across the world are coming out of the closet to enjoy a tuna taco. I love sliding my tongue into a tuna taco
The being company goes out of its way to bring you the best in your tuna taco pleasure
I've been to a tuna taco. She likes it. Hello. I'm lesbian president of the being company and I'm happy to present
New to your dinner table this seafood tuna taco. My favorite is tuna taco with crab. Oh
I bet it is so go on down and fill up your box with tuna taco also available with cheese
1042 at W.I.D. George wanted to know where that drop-in just came from as Peter Northwood say I just came across it
So anyway, here's the phone number that guy that called yesterday about the satellite thing if you're sick and tired of this prime
24 business where they the
Network affiliates are trying to screw over the satellite people. There's a toll-free number
No, it's not toll-free. There's a number you can call it is toll-free
How can 888 be toll-free? Did you know that?
Well, it is
toll-free number to find out how you can help change the current law and make sure that you keep your network affiliates from out of state from like
WRAL and wjl a or whatever that is j
What is it? Whatever that one is in Washington that
Has a B.C. as in Monday night football like last night not that I watched it of course, but I did
Uh, call 1888
Oh, please one eight eight seven two eight thirty six ninety eight
These are the satellite people congress needs to hear from you like immediately so we can get stop this
So you know, and we don't wind up losing all of our out of state
An out of town and network affiliates otherwise we're gonna get screwed
So I'll use satellite people big dish and small dish one eight eight eight seven two eight thirty six ninety eight
We'll give it again later Josh more does that make him a mother
played by Rachel Ward and the two have a sexy need a scribes as awesome squirt squirt
like that
When I got the job I immediately went out and read it against all odds to study Rachel's work especially in the bedroom
He says I'm gonna be very fully prepared and very fully packed
Okay, here's uh, and I want what is that why why in the middle of what's going on here? You put a call on from Minneapolis, okay
Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Not much. Hey, I used to live in Florida. Yeah, and uh, well, I moved up here
Yeah, well, you're gonna be freezing your ass off pretty soon. I know. I know. We had a good summer
But it's come into a close rapidly. Mm-hmm. And my brother told me about the
Atkins diet. Yeah, so I went out and I checked out the book. Yeah, and
In three months I was able to lose 77 pounds. Oh, Jesus 77 pounds. I was a blown up
Retarded looking blimp. Yeah, and now I'm svelte and got people saying hi to me and treating me like a real
Human being. Yeah, it's unbelievable. That's some my my impact here has been my all the way from from the keys to Minneapolis
I am telling the Atkins great. I tried
The over 11 years. I tried everything that came down the pipe and nothing works. Yeah
And just to to why I walk down the street and I see people that are fat
I'm just like thinking you've been fed a bunch of lies that they could just knew about this diet
They could just you know change their life. Right
It's incredible all these people that are running and buying the fat-free donuts and blowing up like a giant balloon
It's ridiculous. Yeah, so I miss you fantastic man. Keep up the great work. All right. Can I say hello although it's probably prohibited by FCC
Yeah, go ahead. Even though we'll uh bleep it out. Yeah
Mon bag
Who?
Mon bag
Kevin. Oh, you remember chronic Kevin
That's my brother and then there's scoops and there's Steve. Oh sure and Stoney. I always go. I am
I know they're all listening. Okay pal. Have a great life. Good luck
We have an open line of power. How do you like that? They're losing it in Minneapolis
Are they shouting in Minneapolis yet? Are they shouting in Atlanta?
So here's somebody speaking of the Atkins somebody John and Delray Beach sends me a thing
From uh, what is this from FAA not the airline people by the way speaking of the airline people Robert Francis
I think you're a liar
Food addicts anonymous is this FAA and it has a thing about sugar
An incredible addictive thing and uh
This is a guide to abstinence from sugar and all this other bull crap
And it's I'm looking through and it's pretty boring to be honest with you John. It's really a terminal
Oh, I see this is this is an organization where it's like a real thing. I thought it was like a put on
This is a real group. This is like uh, what's that other one that they have the anonymous checkers? Yeah, chubby checkers right
Oh
Give me a break. No, it's for fat birds. It's called chubby peckers for fat chickens
Now seriously what's the uh dieters over over eaters anonymous? That's the other one
But this is food addicts anonymous FAA and it's a group to uh, you know help you get off the uh sugar and all other carbohydrates
You're addicted. I don't care what anybody says. It's not a debatable point. It's a fact
It's a fact man. It's addictive
And if you want to deny it be in denial. Okay, we'll bring your we'll pack your sandwich and bring your flowers 1047 at W I O D
And we say dolphins on radio. We mean simmering mad dog
Just for my adults. I'm right turn down the TV
Then crank up the dolphins on the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play
News talking entertainment radio
610 W I O T
1051 a W I D somebody named Billy
Whose out of states we can't hear me anyway. It's as a former student
Listen to whatever the hell it says for 30 years. He lived in a florida's moved to a new Mexico
And he sends me the Santa Fe, New Mexican from Thursday, September 19th
And the front page story is about this former arch bishop Robert Sanchez
Who says I didn't know abuse was a crime
This is the most unbelievable pile of crap and this also I want to dedicate this story to that
Orthodox or whatever that from you that called me for on Rick and suds that was so upset because I don't respect his
archaic beliefs
revelations included in the 700 page documents say
A former archbishop Sanchez as he thought that in theological terms abuse of children is less grave than abortion or striking a priest
He did not consider a priest who had fathered a child and been treated for alcoholism a threat and allowed him to return to parish work
He was unaware of any extensive and continued damage that a child might suffer from sexual abuse
He never thought of initiating extensive investigations and a sexual abuse by priests because he didn't want to divide congregations
He also said that in one case an investigation of abuse was left to a priest who had also been accused of improprieties
Here's the best here's the best line of all
He said he didn't know until the late 1980s more than a decade after allegations of child abuse by priests first came to his attention
That molesting children is a crime
I certainly had no idea that I had any obligation to bring that type of offense against the person of the authorities who said
He also revealed that he had sexual activity during the 19 years he served as archbishop who resigned to 1993 after three women publicly accused him of having sexual relationships with them
And it goes on and on and on but this is this is the best he had no idea had any obligation to bring it to the authorities or that it was a crime
molesting children of course not papa no problem father old tool God here's a lady in western hello
Lady in western hello. Yes ma'am Neil. Hi. How you doing? Okay?
I'd like to have the opportunity to turn your mind around about banking
I'm calling from family bank. Okay, but let me just say this to you. Okay. I appreciate what you're saying
But I mentioned this before you probably didn't hear it. I have unfortunately
Thousands of checks printed up for my laser printer and my computer that have you know my account number and this bank and all of this other
I'm locked into them until it's ready for me to get out you know what I'm saying?
Neil if you switch to us. Yeah, we will
We'll give you checks
Your first order checks like the ones you have are gonna be free right and we'll give you great service. Okay
We're completely different from the big banks. I'm easy. You can come in to our office. I mean I can't I can't be in western
I can't in western. Why do I have to go to western? I can go right at sunrise and flamingo
You can go there
But we'd like you to come here because we listen to you right and we're an I don't want to come there
I mean don't take it personal, but I mean take some give you that order of checks for free
I'm not taking a personally right you can come in here any day
Talk to our branch manager or assistant branch manager
You can sit down open an account with me right you can have coffee every single day. I don't drink coffee
Well, you can have a
Give me the squirts. I can't drink coffee. Well, you can come in and talk to people who are
Who like their job we'd love for bank and you're really short-changing yourself by not dealing with family bank. Okay
Well, I'll put you on hold. Maybe you can tell George who I go see at the one at sunrise and flamingo because that's right by my house
It's so convenient that I can't I can't pass it up. Uh-huh
Maybe you can just open your account here. You can do business there. Yeah
Come on Neil. Where are you in western? We're right south of our Vita Parkway. Oh
South of our right a parkway right off of i75 yeah a little bit south of where our right a parkway crosses over western road
Oh my god
30 western road. Yeah
We're a great branch. We have a wonderful staff that loves to take care of their customers
We're completely different from the bank your use do okay hang on and the make George will take the info. Okay
Thanks, Neil. Thank you. Okay. Okay line six take her stuff down and maybe I'll take a bus to our Vita
Oh god, you know how far that is at least 10 minutes
We have an open line on a purple line pound iod mobile one cell AT&T wireless. We have one on a green line wanted
Yeah, I'm I want out. I want out of Haitian's bank
It wasn't bad enough that it was so embarrassing that it was it not not just not just another hold
We've already had all the holds on the account in the past that wasn't bad enough
But now we got like oh guess what it was our mistake
You had more than enough to cover the check somebody just decided to bounce it and now you got other checks in your personal account bouncing
And they didn't understand why panic in my apprehension as to well, you know
You've screwed me with $8,000 in my personal account and you're putting it back in there now
But what about the checks that may have coming against the earlier? Oh well
There's nothing on there right now and I get home and guess what sure they're how sure as I was
They just didn't bother to look that far
Slip shot
Slip shot unacceptable screwing around with other people's money
Here's South Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil how you doing okay?
Another bank story for you here. All right. This is about trying to change banks
It just seems like you could never win
Like I have an account that I have a couple of small business accounts at Barnett Bank
And like I always kept a minimum balance in there. So I wouldn't have to pay a
service fee right and then all of a sudden, you know, I'm checking my bank statements and I see they're hitting me up for
$18 on each account. So that's like 36 bucks a month and I'm throwing away
All of a sudden and then I call them and they say well, you know
We raised our minimum balance by $1,500 on each account. So I was shopping around for another bank to go to
and
So I you know by phone I found out you know, which ones have a minimum balance that I can afford
Charge down everything. This one sounded great. You know, so I go to them
You know it takes like an hour and a half or something sitting there and then you know going through all the paperwork and everything
And then they put my deposits in and it's like great. This is gonna be great. I'm really glad. I'm doing this
And then you know after I've gone through all this paperwork and have my money in their bank. Mm-hmm. She says
By the way, you know, we have a 30-day hold on 30 days
All my money they wouldn't let me tell you it doesn't matter what I put in what bank was it? What bank was that? That's called
Bank United. It's like a South Miami bank
Bank United. Yeah, what the hell is that?
It's a bank that I don't have my money in and it's all they had to give me everything back
You know and my my checks were cancelled on the back and they got all their bank
What what could possibly be the reason for holding anything for 30 days?
That's not even legal I don't think they say they like to establish a relationship with their new customer by pissing them off before they get started
I couldn't believe it. Did they give me did they also hand you a jar of vacillation when they told you this?
I just said give me my money back. Just give it back to me and then I go back to Barnett and like
You know, I'm trying to put these these checks with all the stamps on the back of them back in say look
This is what happened and you can call the other bank if you want to but I need to get this money in the bank
Right and so like
She says well, what were you doing? I say well, you know, I was closing out my accounts here because of your service charges
You know they just too high and so like she says well wait just one minute. Yeah, this is a teller
So she takes the time to go in to see the branch manager
And then they call me in and say well, why do you want to close your accounts?
And so you know, I tell them about the service charges and then
She says well, this is something we don't tell most of our customers
But we have this other account where the fees have you know
Well, it's like to think with the credit cards or you can get a lower rate somewhere else well
We'll charge you all right. We can't do it to the same deal right. We don't tell anybody about it
But we got the same deal here you go. I can't go to a teller though. I have to do everything you know they gave me the
cards to use the machine yeah, and I have to do all my deposits that way if I ever have to go to a teller
Oh, it's like 395 per transaction
You mean like to make a deposit? Yeah, you can't do it. You got to put it in you got to put it in the machine
Well, what do you mean 395 per transaction? In other words, you're putting your money in and they're going to charge you to do that? Yeah
If you go to a teller. Oh my god, that's the only way. Oh my god in heaven. I'm going to the wheeling wall right now
If you find a bank, please let everybody know okay, yeah, I'm in South Miami. I don't know where I'm going to work on family bank
Okay, pal I hope they're luck to us down here. Okay, take baruch atah to know where's my money
Say it like this
610
I
Needless to entertain the radio 610 W I O D
Neil my queen god
Oh
When they can they call me melanoma I tend until I'm almost in a coma
How I eat my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen sun with me
10 with me. Hope we don't mind. I'm a little broccoli
We
We think like a fine you can spell the aroma our lights are all on but there's nobody more
Hey
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a go tanning
I get naked and fake bake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist
I in the center we get melanoma we bake like a fine you can spell the aroma our lights are all on but there's nobody home
Hey
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can spell the aroma we got love stars skin bigger than the metroidoma
Hey
We don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona
We don't have genital condoloma
Hey
1106 at W I O D and so anyway father O tool here is asked did you know that what Jason's siglar
This is one of the a child molesting priest that what he did to the children of your first years was a crime
He says I did not know it was a crime sir
Question so you did not feel in your own heart of hearts in 1981 that sexual molestation of a child was a crime answer from father O tool
Sir in 1981 I did not understand that to be a crime I
Considered to consider it to be a moral infraction of his own life and it was an offense against the child, but not a crime
Oh
God talk about where and of course, you know this is the place remember the thing that 60 minutes did a few years ago
Three four years ago. This is the place in New Mexico where they send all these other priests
Who have been the diddlin with kids they send them there to like be rehabilitated instead of saying the prison where they belong
Or sending them to some place to really get treatment for whatever their damn problem is they sent them to this place
So they can molest the kids in the new Mexico. Maybe the Indians do and the Mexicans
Here's Miami. Hello. Yes
Hello, yes sir
Uh, I'm calling in reference to you'd tirade on the banks. Yes, and I have
My hatred for the banks goes back to February 1st 1965 hatred my hatred for the bank. Yeah, I was a newspaper reporter sent in by the
Sports Editor to interview a guy by the name of Max Schmaling who on June 9th 1936
Beath the liven daylight
Joe Lewis right and I got I went through the story and so forth and towards the end of the interview
He says to me. He says I'm German. He says we fired the bullets
And he says you Americans pay to put him in the chamber and I says what he's talking about
He says I sit with Hitler for two years
He says Hitler would never get up from the table without laughing with those people in presence in saying if it wasn't for the federal
Reserve system which is our banking system given me 43 million dollars. I would have never made it to power
Now I did some research on this and I found that the federal reserve was established in the December of 1913
And on January of 1933 Hitler had his rare intake by a guy by the name of on Hintikberg
Yeah, yeah, remember he had a weird thing out of whether you're hearing me or not. Not hearing okay
And Hintik there were 33 million vote caps. Yep, they're getting on these 12 billion
And the reason
Resolves is that Hitler politely chewed without a collector
Now as the result of this
The bankers here in America were saying well that's the fault of this stock market in
December 29th
We've been more years than the dolphins of a different
Are you
I think he's done are you sure positive
So anyway, we have an open line in the green line 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3
Let's hear about the trilateral commission in the new world order. Okay, and about six pack shicker
Here's the Tamarack hello. Hey don't know. Yes, sir. What about the game yesterday? Okay?
Other front pages sports says no Reno no win no victory
Yeah, I don't believe even with Dan with it. They would have won that game. How come how come Jim Kelly was out of the game for Buffalo
And they beat the Cowboys on Sunday exactly
I mean, you know Danny's great and all of that and he looked like he was really on there early in the game
Although he was limping almost from the start, but he looked like his arm was really on
And I thought we were gonna be in for a night
But you notice something on that first drive again same old crap we get first in goal inside the five yard line field goal
Same old crap again. That's it and you know something they got beat all up and down
They're offensive line got beat 50 that's why they went into the game number one
Rush defense. Yeah, but look who we played like I tried to tell people look who we've been playing
This was this wasn't the jets exactly and he had seven starters out
But can you figure why in that fourth quarter? I have to you just knew that they were gonna be blitzing Bernie on every third down
And then we're in the last few minutes on every down why didn't we run it one draw play we never tried it once and
They were stuffing it down our throat every time they ran the draw eight yards ten yards twelve yards
And we never expected it. I mean they could do it anytime they wanted
That's how they done and even even even with all the injuries on their defensive line
We still couldn't run the ball. That's the thing that's scary
That's it's it
All right, Neil good talk to you. Okay pal have a good day and back to you
Yeah, so we got to buy next week then Danny. I'll be back
He's got a twisted ankle no need to have a panic all I tell you look pretty scary there when they had a shoe and one other thing
I don't understand I don't want to start second guessing Jimmy, but he ain't perfect either okay, especially with their hairdo
You remember when they took marino out and at that time we're thinking oh not that a kill
He's ten to get oh jeez and and these got his shoe off okay, and he's over on the bench and they're like
Massage in his foot. They bring in the masseuse and she's rubbing it and his foot too and
And now they show Bernie now granted the cul-seg at the ball
But Bernie is standing on a sideline talking joking with Craig Eriksson and with a couple other guys. He's got his is cap on
He's not warming up his arm. He's not like getting ready
He's not putting the helmet eyes not getting ready to go in it. He's just dittling around and and the deodor for my can't stand
But for once in his life. He said there he said you know if if there's a turnover now
The dolphins get the ball in the next few seconds. They got no quarterback
They got nobody ready to go in there and then play quarterback because marino sure is how can't get back in there now no matter
Even if he's okay. He's got what's he gonna do when there was one shoe
So I don't know what they're thinking about over there, but maybe that's maybe there've been at the bank too much
Maybe Jimmy's been to the bank too much. Oh, that could be it
It's 12 minutes after 11 at WIOD some nights. I go for a walk in the clouds others. I have nightmares about reading this copy
Other nights. I just die hard with the vengeance
I like to get bushwack with the brothers McMullen ever see them check out the little shopper horrors with the swan princess
Out of the Hula Moan or invite Mrs. Parker with a vicious circle over with the Hoosiers to have a bonfire of the vanities in the living room
Hey, I'm nobody's fool, but I can't wait to rock around a clock after I scream and scream again
What am I talking about? I'm talking about this copy. I'm talking about cinematics. It's really unbelievable
It's great nothing but movies if you're a fright fan check out hell razor three hell on earth from beyond the grave in Frankenstein
Must be destroyed like the action flicks to an infer last man standing expect numeracy in the specialist need a love lesson
Try love has many pushes of faces love is a gun and love with a proper stranger
If you've got movies on your mind, this is the place for you just one that work you need
Cinematics with over 250 movies showing just this month during September
Cinematics if you're really are into movies and if you're in a good copy man forget about WIOD
Oh
Feel Henry to the 60M on news talking entertainment radio
610 WIOD
I just can't wait until
You
Gonna watch it's well
I've got no interest in politics
Well, Robert Doltz just kind of makes me sick
Who bad there isn't someone else to pick
Because he reminds me of tricky dick
That's why I'm betting at my books don't lose
When no mission chooses a lot of people say he's ruthless
His campaign rhetoric proves it
Gonna watch his Robert Doltz's
Your mind is well vote for me
Your mind is well vote for me
I know that Clinton isn't as tall
And for that matter so is once a pro
But I just cannot bet for Robert Doltz
Everybody says he's too old
That's why I'm telling you
When no mission chooses
Are we on the air?
Your mind is well vote for me
Fans beginning to blow the blow the
Who the place election eleven seventeen at WIOD
I can easily understand that especially with Bernie in there doing his side saddle routine
But that's an ugly thing to watch. I'll tell you man. Oh man when he starts
You know flapping his arms like a duck. That's a really ugly thing to have to watch
Here's a poppin. Oh hello
Yeah, I think that's why he wasn't so anxious to get into the game. Yeah
He knows that he's too slow for the NFL man. Yes he is
He wasn't a winner in Cleveland. He's he's he's never one in the big city
As immobile as a statue
Yeah, you see him get in the game. It's like oh boy
Well wouldn't you wouldn't I mean I'm not a big Craig Urson
Listen to me. Yeah, I'm not a big Craig Urson fan to say the best okay
But at least he's young and he's mobile okay
Wouldn't wouldn't you have thought there maybe in the last couple of series
They might have tried sticking him in there since they knew that the cults were you know
Blitz and like crazy and they were like you know and Bernie had no chance of getting away from the blitz
They might have put somebody in who might have been able to get out of the pocket and scramble a little bit and make a play
Right, we couldn't make one short reception in any of that and then of course
Then of course Karim drops the screen pass. He finally gets he finally gets away from their past rush
He finally makes a nice little screen pass and oops. There it is. That was the first downplay
That would have kept the drive going who knows what would happen? Well, he was probably surprised that Bernie got it off
Yeah, that's true, but uh, you know, he's too slow. He's got to go
Right man, he just uh, you know, look and it also looked like she was
He was back or something. I was trying to mix it up a little of on offense if nothing is working
Don't destroy your hands up and uh, but we couldn't run the ball, you know at all
I mean not not a lick not an inch not a not at all nothing
Now they're running it up the middle honest again like last year right
Right up the middle every every time they wanted to him
And you got the feeling that any time they want to run the draw play it was gonna be like a shock towards like we didn't know what was coming right
for anyways uh next week we won't lose guarantee
I'm trying to and that's what I can say okay later thanks pal
Yeah, next week I guarantee no dolphin loss. Yeah, I'm gonna bet my life on it
We have an open line in Broward 524 and I also guarantee you that Bernie won't be starting next Sunday
Of course, we're not playing next Sunday or Monday or oh thank god
We got that week off to regroup and reorganize and get Danny healed up and uh
Get a new second string quarterback. Sorry Bernie or a great guy. We love Bernie's a really good guy
Never stole a freight train everybody loves him, but the send him back to Cleveland
He could fit in good with their team right now. Oh, they don't have one
Here's uh here's polka hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to tell you a bank story of all bank stories
You think eight thousand dollars is a lot. How'd you like to lose five hundred and forty nice
Thousand thousand nice get it back though. Can't tell you the bank not allowed to terms of the lawsuit settlement
Oh lawsuit the law I like the sounds of that
Make a deposit the teller punches in two digits incorrect
In other words the right numbers on the back of a cashier's check, but she punches in the wrong digits
He may have the account number on the account number nice have a deposit ticket
The bank says the money is missing
60 days. They're still looking for the money. Uh-huh always make a copy of your cashier's checks or your checks that you deposit from other people
Took over a year. Oh beautiful over a year and you sued the rest it cost me
I had to pay over a hundred thousand dollars in attorneys fees. I sued their ass
I got back very well
But took a year out of my life
Mm-hmm, okay
And it wasn't crazy in stupid and it wasn't no care no bother and it wasn't Haitian's bank. Okay
I'm not allowed to say which one from California that
Okay, but they away from them. Okay. I'm gonna do it have a good doubt
We're going to Las Vegas now that we got the money. Great. I hope you I hope you win millions
We're moving there. Oh, you're going you're moving there moving there. I've headed here. I've been here 20 years
Yeah, I've headed we are leaving Friday morning. Well save some space in the trunk
You're welcome to come. Okay. Good luck. Good day. Yeah, best of luck. How do you like that? He hit the jackpot. All right
So just a five hundred and forty thousand dollar mistake you think you got problems because we're dealing with really stupid stupid underpaid people
I'm not saying they're bad people some of the people are very nice some of the people mean well
But you know something what do they say about the best of intentions? Especially when they're dealing with your money
I don't care about good intentions. I'd like to see at least an accurate job. Don't even smile at me. Okay. I don't care about that
It would be nice, but don't even worry about smiling just get get it right get the numbers right
Just get it right that's all that's all I X
Oh, we can't do that
I mean you sit there and you look at that thing and like I said I want you to stop and try to absorb this in your mind
You're looking at 15 or 16 lines on a computer from a ledger from one account
And there are four mistakes out of the 16 lines
And all of them by the way in the bank's favor
all of them to my
Disturbance and discredit
So like I said family bank sounds are pretty interesting. Have they spelled that with a B or not
It's 10 what is it 11 20 oh, that's right. We're gonna have to start giving West Coast time now
If we also have any spy reports about what Steve Nichols said on the year Sunday morning
Since that's the only way we get to find out what he's thinking and what's going on
Since he's pretty much invisible the rest of the week. I mean that just boggles my mind
What that guy called in on Rick and suds this morning about today is the day
He's gonna decide whether he's going with Paxon and Phil we're gonna be simul casting like right off the bat before he even starts and
All this other oh man delusions of fantasy visions of sugar plums
Did I say it's 11 22 at W. I. O. D. You can't say it often enough to screw up those best of tapes
Then W. I. O. D. Your bandage takes us smarter to after each day. I like it. I like it
Are you gay? Are you unsure of your sexuality? Yes being gay is a full-time commitment
So before you sashay on out of the closet pick up a copy of it's okay to be a homo
It's okay to be a homo is a surefire way to find out if you're gay
The book contains page after page of probing questions like how would you say the phrase seven sailors suck slippery shafts
Seven sailors suck slippery shaft or
Questions like would you rather spank a bear bottom or spank your monkey? Oh, that's nice
What kind of question is that? I mean if you really must know I'm not really into cruelty to animals
Well with the exception of jirbel's I'd rather spank a bear bottom bitch. No
Sorry, but bitch isn't until chapter eight
Pick up a copy of it's okay to be a homo
It's okay to be a homo available at all boys tend to rig the bill bookstores
We're not talking about women 1127 at w. I. O. D. We have an open line on a green line
Which I'm not really sure if the green line is gonna disappear after Friday or what the or who's gonna disappear to be honest with you?
I was just talking one of one of our counter-executives who's hobbling around because his colon was stuck deep inside his
Something like that. I thought that's where it's supposed to be
But anyway, did you hear his story about he had like his uh gallbladder out a few years ago?
How could you tell and his colon was like stuck part of it in his uh, I don't know somewhere
I mean when you're doing you're that big it's hard to find where all the parts are anyway
So anyway, we're just commiserating over the fact that nobody knows anything at this point
But hey come Monday boy come Monday
Here's pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I don't have a bank story for you because I have no money
But uh on a note on last night's game
The reason I didn't put her accident he was on an inactive list
They they couldn't put him in if they wanted yes, they could
Noted from the inactive list. Yes
Oh, thanks. Yes, they could they that's that's the thing we were talking about this morning
He was dressed and when you have one or more of the other first two string quarterbacks
They could have put them in the fourth quarter if they did put him in he would have had to stay in but they could have put him in
Oh, see I didn't realize that right then it's it's some crazy rule that they changed three four years ago
Which I wasn't aware of till last night and especially this part about if they if they put him in
Let's like say in the second quarter. Let's say both Khozar and Merino both got hurt
Okay, okay, and they put him in in the second quarter and then you know
One of the first two guys like shook off the injury was able to come back
It can't put him back until the fourth quarter
Now I know that sounds bizarre, but I think I see the reasoning behind it business if at least they're gonna let you dress
The third string quarterback even though he's inactive
It's it's done to discourage people from you know just willy nilly using three quarterbacks. See what I'm saying
Well, how does fifth third get away with it then with Cornell Stewart
Cornell Stewart
Yeah, but he's but he's not on a roster as a quarterback. Oh, okay
In other words, we could put uh
I don't know somebody else in there as quarterback who's not really on or roster as a quarterback
You follow what I'm saying right now I understand but in other words
Erickson is obviously listed as a quarterback and is dressed but on the inactive list for the game and can only come in in case of injuries to the other two
Oh, that means the problem still red with Garrett Stevens. Don't you think so absolutely. I mean I saw shades of a schula in their last night
I mean granted. I don't want to take anything away from the courts
But they're you know the two defensive ends both out
They had two linebackers banged up. I mean and all of an and we can't do anything against them
No imagination nothing different
Straight up the middle over and over again
And then of course Bernie getting buried over and over and at the fourth quarter was the one of the ugliest things ever seen in my life
You're getting me both right he had
Lest he had less than no chance. I felt so sorry for burning. Yeah, I really did
I mean he not that he's that much of a talent
But he's a good guy goes out there and gives you his best which isn't much
But he gives you his best and he just was getting buried
I mean they didn't give him two seconds of protection
This is true. All right Neil take care. Good luck to us pal.
Hardy boy. We'll be okay
It just wasn't gonna be a 16 and oh here we knew that although some of these people super
ball we beat three horse crap teams and right away to scream and super bowl
I tried to tell you we're gonna lose a few here in there. Uh we'll just hope for the best
Nice catch by OJ there by the way. OJ made a great catch and McDuffie too
Open line and Broward 5249463524 w i o d here's Miami. Hello
Miami Buenos dias. Hi Neil. Yes sir
I'm another bank story for for you. Yes
If I give you a check for arguments sake for $20 drawn on my bank city bank
You decide to go and cash it over the counter
They'll only give you $15 the charges five dollars if you cash to check over a counter
How about if the check is for six bucks? Where you get it back back
You get a dollar
I've just called them now to confirm
Provided well probably the other five bucks goes to the president of Mexico. I don't know
Sure or his brother
You might ask him to comment on that. That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard nice
Five bucks in other words if I write you would check now. How about if it's on the same bank? How if it's uh the check
Our wait is on their bank on city bank
They will ask me if I'm an account holder
I don't have to prove it if I say yes they waive the five dollars charge uh-huh
If I say no
They'll deduct five dollars great beautiful
Wonderful story. Okay. I got a check for you for five and a quarter pal. Thank you. Be right over. Yeah. See you
Okay, we have no it see this is just I'm glad that this came up the last two days even in a very perverse and
Massacistic way because I really don't need the grief
But uh there are just so many nightmarish things that these bastards are doing to people and it's uh
You know the the amount of regulation that goes on we're supposed to be being protected against all this crap
But generally speaking they do whatever the hell they want
And so instead of holding your check for like five years now they can only hold it for a year or whatever
I mean it's just stupid they get credit for the money immediately and in the meantime you sit and wait until they're good and ready to give you credit for it
Here's plantation hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing my name is Matt and I am the branch manager at family bank at sargrass
Yes, sir one of my customers just came in here and said that the western branch tried to shanghai your account from me
Yes, he did I just wanted to make sure that don't don't let them pull that crap on you come right down here
I tried to explain to her that uh, I live right by your your right at sunrise in flamenco right that's right
I live I could throw a gigantic brick for my house right through your window because I live that close not that I want to yet
Well, I hope it doesn't come at that point, but listen I I really don't listen to you that much
But I have the I've had the radio on here
Listening to you and man, I can't believe how pissed off people are at banks. They are and they keep getting screwed over no
Look, I don't need the grief. I don't need the aggravation
I'm not being a hard-ass, but when they screw you over about the 10th or 15th time
You keep making the same mistakes. I mean your patients starts running out
Hey, well all I got to say is that the more these big banks keep doing that the more this bank is going to grow and be super because
I every day people are coming here saying oh I'm pissed a great western
I'm ticked off at nation's bank or net and that's the niche that we're filling out here. So
I guarantee you'll be happy here, and I'm sure you'll have nothing good to say nothing but good stuff to say
So you're also going to give me my zidian checks free like she was going to do over at the other place anything you want
Man, everything is totally free. I'll say good carry it
By the way my my mom is from Sicily and this guy that knows you I guess says you're a big fan of the godfather's right
Like Italy love it, but I look forward to meeting you man. Okay, so I come and see you. Yep. Just ask for Matt
I'm the manager out here. Okay. Will you be there tomorrow afternoon? I will make it. I'll make a point to be here. I will see you then
Okay, look forward to thanks, Matt bye bye. Okay, so I'm gonna go see Matt. I'm gonna shine mod. Sorry mod Matt
Stoy your way. Well, it's just I'm lazy like most people plus let's face it when you got a bank right down the corner
You're not gonna go all the way down there to where is that where like William R and western? I'm not gonna go down here
We have an open line in date 751. We got two and Howard five two four nine four six three five two four
WIOD and one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four WIOD
So based on what I just heard moments ago. I guess on Monday. We're gonna find out what's gonna happen on Monday
Do you know what I'm saying in other words people like D for wondering if he's still gonna be with us
We don't know until Monday until the takeover actually takes place
Who's gonna be on who's on first is this who's gonna be the program director?
Who's gonna be on overnight who's in charge?
Are we getting paid?
Which I could tell that story too, but I'd like to find out the answer first. I mean that's another great uh
Well, uh paid he wants to get paid yeah, I'd like to get paid like maybe once in a while would be good
It's something for us to think about maybe talk about
That's part of the deal like once in a while
1135 at WIOD Ken
WIOD
My foot John really gets my panties in a while ladies
Why spend harder money on different feminine hygiene products when all you need is one
That's right. I'll new Vagia magic is over 22 feminine hygiene products in one just listen for cramps
bloating and 12-hour freshness
That's for bladder infections stretch marks and vericose veins
That's for PMS and STDs it's
Magic but wait there's more
Vagia magic is also a furniture polish carpet deodorizer and stain remover
Use Vagia magic on your pets to control ticks and fleas use Vagia magic as a plant food or garden mulch
Use Vagia magic as a tampon or a turtle wax
Vagia magic will even freshen the breath and wipe in the teeth of your partner and mom
Just sprinkle some Vagia magic on that dull Monday night be loaf and we guarantee there won't be any leftovers
Hmm great Vagia loaf mom why if we didn't have court cases pending with the FDA
We could give you literally hundreds of uses for Vagia magic
Vagia magic now available in reusable 28 ounce bottles with our patented nose flip kung fu grip applicator handle
Vagia magic makes a great stocking stuffer and it's now legal in 38 states at fine pharmacies convenient stores and auto body shops everywhere
Magic it's just like pen and teller in my pants Vagia magic it works like magic
1138 22 till noon at wiod as we continue in the dark here
We have three days left after today three more shows and then all of a sudden the Cox
Interest in this radio station now that was a bad way of putting it because Cox's interest in this radio station ended months ago
Many my maybe years ago
But their financial interest in the station ends as of this weekend sometime either Friday or Monday morning or a chavuis or whatever
And then the Paxen people would be here on Monday and maybe maybe we'll find out who's on first
Here's highly on a purple line hello
Hi there Neil how you doing okay sir?
Why listen? I just wanted to clarify one thing here on this quarterback issue
The one car he called it was heading out of Pittsburgh doing this you know with Miller and Stewart
The first game of the season Miller and Stewart weren't put it together
They put Tom's that can then realize about the rule apparently
I believe it was the first or second quarter the first play that Tom's that was in he throws the interception and the other two guys are out until
The fourth quarter no they they said until overtime and that oh really?
Yeah, so I mean and the reason is you know
There's was the inactive type situation you can have three quarterbacks if you want
That's why I understood it was it's the inactive quarterback you can have you know you can have three you can have five quarterbacks
Active on a roster if you want if they're all listed as active correct correct
So but it is a bizarre rule and whatnot and I just wanted to point that out and
Appreciate the time let me talk here and enjoy your show even whatever happens after Friday, you know
I'm not going anywhere. I'll be here. You could be an easy listing station. Okay pal take it easy see
Okay, that's it. We're gonna be playing easy Perry Como and Tony Bennett
He made a big comeback. We're gonna be playing a lot of easy listing music Peggy Lee and
Syruvon we're gonna be playing some real easy music
It's gonna be dreamy and it's gonna be great won't offend anybody it'll be beautiful thing
I love it go get grant the wayward the wayward wind
We have an open line in brass songs from before you were even an idea before you were in embryo on six 10 W I O D
Open line of Broward 5249 463524 W I O D here's poppin O hello
Born in the ill yes, sir. Hey, what whatever happened on on Friday when you're left early
Whatever happened with what you on the air for a couple hours. I went out of town for the weekend. Oh you did? Yes, sir
Okay, no one knew no one seemed to know what was going on and fiddle came on into his
Well see I'll tell you what happened is that um
US air which I had another good experience. I like US air
It's my second time using them and I'm sure I'll use them again
The only thing I don't like about them is they have a habit of changing flight times
Like very very late in other words you may have tickets for weeks okay to go somewhere
Yes, and then all of a sudden they they call you at least they call you which is nice
And they say oh guess what you know your flight on such and such a date. Well, we just moved it up an hour
So they just sent you running out of there to get your plane on time right
Okay, secondly have you been watching Chris Burman on Monday night halftime highlights no
Do you like Chris Burman? Yeah, I like Chris Burman, but to me he's like a banana split
You know once in a while one is really delicious, but too much of it is just sickeningly sweet and Chris Burman
I'm not I think I've been over Chris Burman. You know, I'm oversaturated
Well, I saw very amusing quote in the paper a couple of weeks ago
Gentlemen by the name of Norman chat had written that having Chris Burman hosts the Monday night halftime highlights is like having father
Guido Sarducci preside over Christmas Mass at the Vatican
Yeah, and I think that's quite appropriate. Okay, and for my opinion. I hope Defoe goes
I'm tired of his monologues. I'm tired of him having to use Dr. Kavorki in a nevery
I like to see him go through one newscast without saying that though the dolphin defense
The dolphin offense last night was searching for Dr. Kavorki and so I was waiting for a call from Dr. Kavorki
You know what I think that is I think that's a Steve Nichol thing
I really do because he never used to do any of that and I think that the under he's been taken under the wing of our program director
And that Steve Nichol has encouraged him to do these silly
puns and all this and and just and and never ending
Succession of those things. I agree with you. I I like Defoe much much better before when he was just doing the stuff and being himself
And given the information and having some fun as opposed to trying to be a sit-down comic all the time
Does he really write out his his monologues you say he had done in the past?
Does he sit down and have things written out like his monologue to oh?
I never said that about did I ever say that I think you've joked about it a few times
Maybe he does. I don't know. I certainly those liners he must write those down because nobody could think of those
It really sounds like it's totally scripted when he comes down the air for the first five or six minutes of the show
Well, maybe he learned it from Mike Spindell
Have a great day pal. Thank you Neil. See you
Okay, so Defoe's out. We have all the lines in Broward wide open out. What the hell just happened there?
Everybody's on a way to family bank note out to see Matt
5249 463 524 w. I. O. D. and an open line on a green line 1 800 944 speaking of the green line in Palm Beach
Somebody also sends me a great clipping from the local news of the Palm Beach post September 19 which is the last Thursday
Speaking of that good old-time religion and here's a picture of this is I mean now is this a public school
Maybe this is not a public school. I don't know because I'm just reading the the blurb here
It says green acres Sherry and Brian Jackson teachers at John I Leonard High School
Which doesn't sound like a parochial school to me
Join more than 80 students at the flagpole to pray for the country in their school wins they before class
The third Wednesday in September was see you at the pole prayer day at John I Leonard High
See you at your pole prayer day
You know
In a public school
Okay, whatever you say whatever this is America. Okay, they just don't get it. They don't understand
Just leave me alone with your religion. Just put it where
Radio stations like to show off their awards for news
But only one radio station wins the award from the only judges who count
Listen to the radio top of mind number one
News talk and entertainment radio six ten
W.I.O.D. I want to give you a kiss hey if you're thinking of having sex without protection you better think again
Oh, this is making me so hot me too come on. Let's go all the way right here in the back seat of your car sure
Um, okay, okay, you bring any protection?
Protection
Have sex if you didn't bring protection
Darn look having sex without wearing a condom is like jumping out of a plane without wearing a parachute
If you're not wearing one you ain't getting none
I'm getting even hotter than I was last night too come on. Let's go all the way
I told you not unless you brought protection. I did break protection. Here. Oh, yeah. It's a parachute a parachute
Look, it's got a reservoir pep that's the reserve suit Paul my rip card baby
Put your own rip card. Jirah. I always end up pulling my own rip card condoms go right up all
Think of them as little parachutes for your penis. Okay, 1150 tendl noon at W.I.O.D
We got an open line and date we got the purple line. What did we do?
Did we uh somebody fart in here real bad that we were rolling long singing a song and I was like the end all of a sudden
It's that big brick wall again
524 9463 all the lines in brown are wide open purple line mobile once L 18 T wireless bound I.O.D. etc
Oh god here we go again. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Neil. How are you? Okay. Okay. Let me tell you what happens to me on Friday
I went to the bank. I deposited a check for $3006 306
Yes, when I got my slip I looked at it. It said 296
How many moments was the amount? I would I deposited 306 306 and it was 296
The slip is telling me 296 right
So I went back inside and I said listen I deposited a check
Oh the guy ready ready for me long time. I said look let me speak to the supervisor
She came out to say listen I just deposited a check for 306 this thing is telling me 296
That's a nice even $10 is missing right maybe the teller had to go to lunch
Yeah, that's right
So anyway she went back today to the teller she says this lady said she put the check in for 306
She says no I don't think that I don't make the kind of mistakes
So anyway when you look back on the check the check was the 306 right
So of course the wrote me a letter and said there were sorry about him is understanding and accredited my account back for
$10 yeah
So these are the kind of things that happen if I didn't go back in if you if you wouldn't have looked at the receipt
You wouldn't have even known it exactly and he would have pocketed my $10 before today
Maybe this is a scam that's going on maybe there maybe there are tellers I mean tellers are very underpaid
They work for probably less than minimum wage and they got the first grade education
And many years ago Neil when I went the bank used to be a mere first before grade restaurant right before my first one under right
Yeah, I went to the bank and I deposited $60 and when I went to my car and I look at the slip it says with draw
$60 I went back inside this Cuban lady didn't speak no English
Finally she got someone who could understood me because she said I'm on I'm speaking so fast right
All right, she went to the asset list. Mom. I deposited $60 this thing says I'll withdraw $60 and $60 is deducted from my balance
What's this? She says mom? I don't think you know what your sales went on and on a rather big argument
She called security and everything really yeah, she called security and everything you know because Jamaicans when we get upset
We rail areas hell
You know and so anyway security says calm down calm down. They went to the teller
She says to tell it do you remember this lady at your desk?
I said who would know me I'm so tall I'm 511 you should know I am said yes, I remembered her
She said did she deposit or withdraw she said no should deposit it $60
The supervisor said what are papers or a slip is saying
It's wrong
Oh brother has been deducted from her balance
So she told us to say try not to make these mistakes anymore
But in the meantime I would be out of $60 right because this was cash money
So 60 and the 10 from Friday and we're already up to 70 exactly and this is going on every day
Which is by a real nice dinner like at Ruth Kriss Steakhouse for a couple of the tellers at the bank
That's what is going on here you're depriving starving people are some nice meals
They just want to go out on the weekend and have one good meal. That's all
Of course what about these people who are going to see an island stuff like that they go there deposit them on
They believe in the bunker especially here
Can you imagine here in Florida with all these seen-out old parts to be gone? Oh
I take the slip and put it in the purse and they don't look at it
They must be salivating when they see these people come to the window that's right and at the end of the day
When the money is over they pocket it because I used to work at the bank in Jamaica
I know exactly how when you deposit and what goes on right at the end of the day they pocket that's money
Beautiful, you know something maybe that's what it is
Maybe it's not that the tellers aren't making much money while we you know because every week there's different tellers
It's not that they're not making a lot of money
It's just they're making so much money that they got enough to well leave town at the end of a couple of weeks
Exactly
All right something is going on. Okay, but the better don't play with my money. I'm getting me a new job on Monday
Okay, okay sweetheart. Thanks a lot. I'm going to Haitians bank sounds good to me
Two open lines in day and 7519 463 751 let me rip off your money come on
Give me just don't look at the receipt all right in fact. I won't even give you a receipt. You trust me. Don't you? I'm a banker
Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? Hey, I little banking anecdote. I work in coconut grove
I live in Pembroke pine and
The place that I work at in coconut grove is out of state there the payroll checks come from Ohio right and I was doing business
The place that I work had made an arrangement with a a branch of this bank in coconut grove to
Cash paychecks for the employees and to handle things without putting a humongous hold on them
So I open an account at the branch down there
In coconut grove and when I moved to Pembroke pines
I just thought it'd be easier to do business with the same bank by having my business at the branch in Pembroke pines
So I go up there and I close my account in coconut grove and I reopen with the same bank
In Pembroke pines and I went into deposit my paycheck and like a week later I'm bouncing checks
And I said what's going on now?
This is the same branch that I had actually gone in and deposited my paychecks
In Pembroke pines and and because you know
They could look up on their computer that there were supposed to be no hold placed on the check right
Through the branch in coconut grove
So I'm talking you know
I open the account up there and the next thing I know
They're telling me that they have to put a hold on because it's a new account
It's a new account?
Yeah, when I when I reopen my account, you know with the same bank
Yeah, well when I open a different branch in Pembroke pines
That's a good story. That's a new twist anyway
They said it's a new account and so I ended up you know bouncing a bunch of checks at 29 bucks a pop
Uh, and and needless to say I don't do business with them anymore
It is appropriate though that their initials are f you. I think that's interesting
Okay, thank you and they're first in my mind. Yeah, okay
Okay, we're coming to a halt here. I think I'm gonna catch your plane at noon again today
That was a pretty good deal. I worked out really well
I think a two hours is more than enough for for this crowd
751 W. I. O D in day five two four nine four six three and brown one eight hundred nine four four
W I. O D in a green line if anybody out there has any good rumors about what's gonna be happening here next week
We cheer like to hear him because anywhere if you heard the acts the programmer
Actually, we have a show called the program director acts himself
Unlike over at Q. A. M. Where they have fat hank on there with a acid and woods guy
We just have a guy come on here slightly inebriated on Sunday morning who talks to himself and
writes memos on a year and talks about all this other fall to all and the fact that he's gonna go off to a seek his fortune to LA and program the Philan
Re Show
Here's the lady in North Miami Beach. Hello, hi Neil. How you doing? Okay, okay?
Let me just tell you a horror story that probably miss the public better where I'm I want to cash my check
Okay, and I got like hundred dollar bills
So I didn't check the hundred dollar bills. I went to another bank to deposit the hundred dollar bills right my check and account
Bank teller tells me I have a four I have a counterfeit hundred dollar bill that I got from nation's bank, right?
By this time nation's banks are already closed and I'm crazy because I'm at a hundred dollars, right?
So the next morning Saturday morning I go in there and I
I say to them, you know, she said something under normal circumstances
There's nothing we normally would do
But cause we know you when you've been a customer for like 10 years
We will take the hundred dollar bill and give you a new one, right? Yeah
And pawn it off on somebody else right however if I if I was you know an average Joe off the street
They would have been half a hundred dollars. Yeah, get it no good, right?
So when you go to cash and large check and you 100 dollar bills
You just tell that teller to verify that those are real hundred dollar bills whatever they have to do
You know and then the same dumb bank. I'm like it's smuck a real honest person, right?
I go to the bank to get changed for the store and I get 51
So I give away 50 more like it back to the store. I open up the pack, right?
One dollar on the top the rest are 50 all right, right?
Don't need me
Right sounds like 2500 bucks to me. Absolutely right dummy me
Yeah, if I'm a nice guy figured right I go back to the bank, right?
And I go to the teller who happens to be a Haitian lady and she still works there
Yeah, I say to her I think you should look at this right? She says to me
Why I said look at it so she opened it up. She sees a dollar on the top and the rest and 50 yeah, ran crisp
Do you say it thinks she said thank you drop dead nothing
She said nothing to me nothing nothing not
I guarantee you that you would have been responsible for it. Absolutely just like the tellers at the track
I bet you those tellers in a bank, you know, they have to
Do an accounting at the end of the day and if they're short they got a
Belly up the cash. So I think you're on a nice guy, right?
I'm like she says thank you, but the bottom line of the story is I go in the next week to the same teller
Yeah, to make it the positive. I'm the lady. He just brought her back 2500 dollars. Yeah, she asked me for a driver's license
I went nuts
Inc. Able nut I was at that window. I was screaming
I was like a crazy woman. I said I'm gonna come over this counter and choke you
You're asking me for a driver's license. I'm depositing my check and I brought you back 2500
Save your ass last week and you forgot already on grateful bitch on grateful sound can you believe that yes?
Put around a banana boat. Absolutely. Okay, sweetheart. Good luck. Bye. Bye. Okay, she gave back to 2500
The first choice of windshield washers under i95
W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D. This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions Robert Downey Jr. Just say no PSA take 100 action
Hello, I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to remind kids everywhere to just say wait wait
Would somebody please get these squirrels out of my pants. Don't worry. They're out. Here we go take 101 and action
Hello, I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to take a moment to show you mr. Happy
Come on put that thing back in your pants. Here we go and action
Hello, I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I just like to say get the spiders off me
No
Hello, I'm Robert Downey Jr. And I'd like to remind kids everywhere to just say no
This message has been brought to you by the council for a drug-free America. Just don't do it dammit
Anyway, it's 1206 and W I O D happy Tuesday to you
We have an open line in date 751. Broward is just follow off the face of the earth
I don't know why but it can't be all bad
5249 463524 W I O D
Here's a mobile in Miami lakes. Hello
Just pray for it Neal
Listen Neal calling because I was listening to you a while ago and there's a
You turn your show book on
Religion or something that exposes the
Fairy tales in the Bible and I wanted to get the name of the book
The name of what book?
I heard you had talked about her about six months ago. I'll book you had read
That exposed a lot of the
Other time period of the Bible or whatnot or
You know what I'm talking about not in the least in Georgia's got his eyebrows. The second call we've had in his
Yeah, I don't think so about right about some book that I allegedly that
Yeah, it's about six or seven months ago. Yeah, I've read books about exposing it
But I'm not sure if it was religion yeah, right? Yeah, I don't know
Listen if it comes to your mind just mention or I'll be listening to you all day. Okay pal. All right. Bye. See it. God bless you
Okay, we're coming down to a precious few now. We're coming down to Luis Miguel time
I'll write wish you'd be good quality time for me to go over some bank statements
We have two open lines and date 751. We got all of Broward and what can be going on up there? You don't kipper was yesterday, man
W I O D Neal
What did you just did it just ring? Yeah
Um that guy was probably talking about a bulliocese book the outrage
Said that there is a party about Christianity in that book. Yeah, and it's not about Christianity. It's about God
Oh, okay, well the Jewish God the Christian God the
Fairytale God whatever God you want to call him. Yeah, but that but that's not that that's not what the book is about the book is about the
OJ right right right, but you did you did talk about that for a little bit
Yeah, and that's the only thing that's what he's thinking about it
In fact, even if he doesn't care about OJ
It's worth getting the book just to go it's about three quarters of the way in the back of the book where he makes the very logical argument against the existence of God
Right and does it very well? Well, I just wanted to contribute something to your show there. Thank you so much pal
Can I call someone to do sure? Yes, sir? Chris Bonnodonna do you expect oh God? Okay? Oh my god. We were reduced to that, huh
That's how far we fall in at this point
You know, it's a damn good thing that I had this
Contra Thompson with the bank because it sure as hell killed the last uh show in a half. I'll tell you that
Because based on the nature of these people out there one thing about these last few months
You know, I can always write it in my memoirs the audience sure didn't let us down after the Cox people let us just float off into oblivion
The audience really was there to support us and lend their tangible support not
Wow, it's been swell
Here's Miami. Hello, any oh, yes, sir. I think the book the guy's talking about
It in the name has something like about Calcutta
Oh
Calcutta
No, I don't know if this oh Calcutta Calcutta right
Yeah, that was it you talked about it about three four months ago the name of the book had something to do with Calcutta
Yes, and it's from a real um major author that you're always uh talking about
But for the life of me, I cannot remember the guy's name, but it's very uh, it's a very
Famous guy very famous author. Yeah, but the name of this particular book
Is something Calcutta that's as much as I can remember something Calcutta right, but I don't remember what the something part is
I couldn't be oh could it
It could be but I don't think so
Okay, listen you gave us half a loaf that's a good start. Let me give you a bank horror story, okay
Barnett bank says I know that uh your friend in the morning was bragging about
As soon as Rick Riley said Barnett bank I crossed him off my list
That has to be by far one of the worst
I'll try to make this brief yeah several months ago
I had a similar problem of what you had I take I deposit a cashier's check
From another bank in Miami, okay, they placed a hold against the item, okay, I didn't that I was not notified that they have placed a hold
I wrote some checks against it. Of course they bounced right to make the long story short
After all of that got clarified and the bank admitted to their
Uh problem and what have you and letters were written the whole nine years of course the return checks were reported to the credit bureau
So I go ahead and I had lost my ATM card with Barnett. I requested a replacement. Guess what they denied my request for an ATM card
Because my credit report showed the return checks that they bounce that they bounce because of their own flaw
Nice so so when are you opening the account? Oh
God unbelievable, okay, and I'll tell you this it took me
Let's see when in September
I just got this finally the replacement of the ATM card about three months of correspondence exchange time wasted at the main branch
I talked to everybody and their mother at that branch. Yeah, finally get this situation clarified
That those checks and I had to produce their letters
Copy of the NSS checks copy of the deposit copy of the cashiers checks the whole story because of course the blame is always on the customer
We're always the ones that are in here and we're always the deadbeat so we're always trying to pull a fast one
We're always trying to spend money that we don't really have right the attitude that I was given with this
They really and I have very I have a very short fuse. I have very little patience for that kind of attitude
And I used to work in banking a long time ago. I started out in the business as a teller
Okay, but the attitude that they gave me I mean, I feel like a deadbeat. I said oh man. That's it. I mean, I'm out of here
I'm never even an ATM. This is not a credit card an ATM card
My my question to them was will you tell him is regardless of that was your fault
Will you tell him is that I cannot be granted?
So in other words you're telling me that they send this information into the credit agency so that they screw up your credit
That you were deadbeat and you're bouncing checks even though it's their mistake
Absolutely and then when I ask for an ATM card and that a visa card
An ATM card to get you down money out right or put it in
Can give you one because your credit is messed up because of these three-bounce checks. Yes. Hope guess who made those checks bounce your idiot
You know the word fire bomb comes to mind comes to mind pipe bomb. I had to I had to
I thought about it
All right, okay, see him Calcutta all right
Two open lines in date Calcutta, huh? Okay, whatever he says maybe thinking of Miami's got a confused or Beirut
7519 463 751 W. I. O. D. It's 1213 on a beautiful Tuesday, man. The sun is shining somewhere
The summer back always having to promote the brand new morning show
You're gonna love these guys are the best in the world. We'll tell you who they are. Go ahead. I can't think of their names
Oh
Good. No, I'm afraid of running
Please run run it down on the walking with Chang
Ha, hey, yeah, they're good all right then Rick and Suts 6 to 10 a.m. Mornings for a couple of more days on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W. I. O. D. Where's my meat? So you think he really will be smarter any afternoon or what?
1217 at W. I. O. D. We got 48 open lines in date
122 and Broward. We're making a little comeback here. Not too good. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great
Good listen, you know forget about bank horror stories. I got a Cox broadcast in horror story. Oh
I'm telling you they're trying to get as much money out of that station as they can and they don't care who they alienate
I was listening
I watched the game and then I turned on I O. D. and heard Jim Manic with the locker room show. I want to give you a kiss
Yeah, but then after that I'm turning
on you know I was looking forward to talking to the game. I was you know I had a few you know beers during the game
So I thought all right I'll call up and we'll talk football until I fall asleep. Yeah
And they kept going stay tuned for sports talk with Kim Boe camper
So they play about Ken commercials. Yeah, then they go next Kim Boe camper one of the killer bees
And they play about five more commercials
Stay tuned for sports talk right and then after all these commercials
Guess what they have on some syndicated national sports show talking about some other game and some other team you mean Kim Boe never came on never
Why would that be he wasn't a real the game ended like before midnight? I know he never came on
Maybe he wasn't there. Maybe he was maybe he and nickel went out and got blitzed but the thing is they put on the only blitz
The newly wasn't there, huh? They put all the commercials for the hour on in five minutes. Oh yeah
Haven't you heard me say that the last several months now as long as we get the spots in they don't care right in other words
I could take off every day. Oh, they suckered me man. Yeah, I mean, I mean they suckered me big time
Because I thought Kim is gonna be on it. He's gonna tell us that things Kim only Kim can tell it right
If Kim's gotten pretty good lately. Oh, has he really? Yeah, well, I haven't noticed that well
He hasn't been stumbling over his own senses. Well, let's get maybe we can do the news
Horus lately. It's just rolls off his oh in other words
He's doing all kinds of cute little winlicks and cliches and tons for five minutes without answering you
Great, but anyways, how's that now how about Bernie's feet? How big are they they shied 18 or 20?
He trips over him he wasn't getting sacked
He was tripping over his own feet
I do know that Bernie has said to a lot of guys ever see a guy with big feet like this does that tell you what you need to know
You don't want him to say what yeah, yeah, but you know, it's crazy
He just he just what he waddles like a like a chicken and in heat
I mean just the baddest thing he looked like an ugly duck right exactly right
It was ridiculous. I feel sorry. I feel sorry for us
I want Erickson in and I didn't know they couldn't put him in or Jimmy
I would put him in the fourth quarter
I was sitting in even even with all the bad zits I'd have put that kid in there in a heartbeat and said okay
They're gonna be after you like think on stuff quarterback
Erickson is he's had his moments and I know at least he's got some experience and he's not some
He's bad. I think he's better than Bernie didn't do with throwing interception right
Yeah, he did you know they went on a great length
They went on a great length about his great experience when he when he ate the ball at one one of the 85 times
He got sacked, you know, and he didn't just throw it away and get it picked off
He lost two games last year right, you know, I mean give me a break
Yeah, I think he's got the pictures
I think I think Bernie and Gary Stevens have the pictures if he acts me well
I like him, you know, but and what about geared offering Gifer it
They're talking about stupid stuff. I have nothing to do with the game
It was a good game and they're acting like it was a snorer
Yeah, but you got to admit for a guy who's been in bomb six times Gifer don't look too bad. Oh god
They got to get some young blood in there. Yeah exactly. They got to put like John Stewart there or something from MTV
Yeah, that'll do it. Could he do or John Tess?
That'll put you to sleep. Okay pal. Kim. Kim. Kim. Bissens you big kiss
Okay, we have an open line on the blue line five two four
So he's got a Cox broadcasting horse story. How do you like that as we once again lured the audience down the garden path
Just like last Friday when at noon you thought oh he's there today
We're having a show and he's to oh surprise come noon. It's the best of well
Hey, I had to catch a plane. I'm not gonna go losing all that money on airline tickets
That I buy way ahead of time or change all my plans just to get to be here. They don't care
They don't give it them Steve nickel may have returned his head like Linda Blair and spun it around a couple times to impress George
That I'm a pain in the ass, but we don't really care about that either
Because we don't know if he's even gonna be here at this point
He's like doing all the formatics and he's negotiating with this one and negotiating with that one
But in the meantime, I guess a D day has arrived or may arrive or may not arrive. Okay, we don't know
I'm still waiting for phone calls
I just had a phone call with Norm Kent by the way of apologizing for that check bouncing and he said well
Guess what and he started telling me all these horse stories about nations bank that made me feel very good about the fact
I'm gonna be saying goodbye to nations bank as in probably tomorrow and when all those checks clear
I mean just just take a look here. Just take a look at the I mean you can see it from there. Okay, the list
I mean returned returned or they're overdrawn over a fee charge insufficient for and it's all their mistake
And and at least I'll say one thing for them at least it's a new mistake
It's not just another all we put a hold on it when we weren't supposed to it just we we just screwed up
We bounced the check when he had more than enough to cover it
That's the thing these people kept looking at yesterday. We kept looking at the screen over and over again like are we missing something over here?
And even after they took out the $27 bogus fee for bouncing the check there was still more than a hundred dollars more than enough to cover the check
I don't confuse us with the facts. Okay
Smarty pants
I
Think I think it's a time for people to start suing the crap out of the banks
I really lawsuit comes to mind immediately 1222 at WIOD
Use talking entertainment radio
Talk and entertain the radio 610 WIOD I looked up paintings. We apologize. I apologize never do it again
Introducing a whole new kind of tampon from paytech
If you're like me you want a tampon with a cardboard applicator, but it's got to be comfortable
That's why I use new paytech silk-wide tampons with an improved applicator that's even easier to use it just feels better
Oh, I know what you're thinking you're a guy. Why would you need to wear a tampon in the first place?
Well, let's just say you don't want to know and for those heavy flu days
I use paytech silk-wide plus no again. I know what you're thinking you're thinking what flow and once again
You really don't want to know new paytech silk-wide tampons strong enough for a woman but made for a man
Trust us. You don't want to know 1226 at WIOD. We have an open line a day at 7519 463
751 in fact, we got a new banking show on a weekend come up. It's called bounce this
Here's a mobile implantation hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you great?
Here's the essence of today every time you rip a part of the society down here or a segment of this or something
People are falling all over themselves to try and call up and defend what you're ripping saying you're wrong
You made a mistake today from the banks nothing not a teller. No one has called to say you're wrong
And how about I'm about four hours yesterday
Absolutely. Yeah, it just goes on and on because it's you don't have enough time in a day
If they look because it's it's indefensible but I was on a phone with norm can't telling him about how they bounced the checker
Wrote him he starts telling me about a guy who canceled is like a multi-millionaire who yanked twenty million dollars out of
Nations bank because he was fed up with their bullcrap. Yeah, he acted all right. He acted. That's right. I seal it. Okay, pal
I
Think norm was the one who yanked. Okay, we have an open line in days seven five one
We got one in Broward five two four nine four six three five two four W I O D
I mean you're putting tons of money. I'm talking about hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars through this
Financial institution every year you might as well be a turd on toast man for all they care
They don't care and they sure put a big act on for you when they know you're gonna go on a radio and slam
I'm again for four more hours the next day which I have and
Deservedly so because when I went home afterward I get this other bunch of crap
You just keep getting these notices and they're very it's like never a never a phone call never somebody saying
Gee, I think we got a problem here. Maybe it's your you slipped up on your math or maybe we slipped up over here
But never no no not just to get the fees in there
Just put the charges on there just do your thing on your computer and just life keeps going on and hope he don't find out and get pissed off
Right Kimberly
Here's Oakland Park on the purple line hello
Neil yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've got one for you. I get a check from first nationwide bank in Amorac, right?
Yeah, and I called the verify fund so I called the bank and it says you have to call a
1900 number to verify fun
And I said a 1900 it says yeah, there's a charge and I said well, thank you very much
You have to call you have wait a minute you have to pay a charge to to verify your balance
No, no, no, no, no, I received a check from
From a customer who has a check of that I see what you say in other words to verify the
Rear of that's on they they tell me I got to call a 1900 number. Yeah
So you're not the customer of the banks that they're gonna rip you off naturally right right so all right
I got another one. I get a check from a customer first union. I go to cash it since I don't have a
And that's just since I don't have an account there. They make me put my fingerprint on the check before I cash it a
Fingerprint a fingerprint like like did they put it did they put a number across your chest and take a photo?
No, no, no, just just just just a fingerprint. Yes, a fingerprint
Unbelievable, okay, and I got my third one. I would have told them to stick their thumb in there. I got a third one
Check card. Yeah, I
Go by a pair a pair sunglasses $150. Yeah
They run the card through it doesn't register so they run it again, right?
Apparently the card went through twice three hundred bucks. So so there's three hundred dollars with the charges right so
Instead of taking $150 out there's 300 so that that makes
4 or 5 of my checks bounce
So I call them up and said listen the charges went through twice and they say listen listen. That's not our fault
So I had about a hundred twenty five dollars worth of
Bounce check charges because my card went through twice
Well, you sound like a perfect candidate cop dial amateurs man get a big one
And a mattress too
I was in front of you
Or if you're young you lose I've got the tamarack blues
All I heard today
Was hey, that's the hell out of my way
I got the tamarack
Oh
Calling number 41
41 over here. What do you mean I'm 41? You're crazy. I got that
My friend
If your life is
Between commercial and West big nap you'll get the tamarack blues
All right, what is it 10 30 somewhere maybe a Nova Scotia 1231 at W. I. D
We have an open line in day 7519 463 751 W. I. Oh
D and one in Broward Chris we probably have some listeners out there who are rather amazed that here
It is like three days before the sale of the radio station goes through and we still haven't put the pieces of the puzzle together
We still don't know who's on first. We know Ron and Ron start Monday morning
Okay, I noticed that Rick's been doing everything in his power to denigrate them and to make sure that they he can help them fail
See it's always gonna be that way
It's always gonna be that kind of ego thing in other words
If you go in the morning and you're flopped and then you go back to the afternoon and have a chance to succeed again
That isn't sufficient. It's very important that they do a real bad number in the morning to make you feel better, right Rick?
Okay, we have an open line of Broward 5249 463 524 here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I have a horror story to tell you a horror story
Okay, friend of mine got a thousand dollars on these savings alone
And in the in the man the handkerchief he asked for specifically for a hundred dollar bills because she was going up to the Indians to play the machine
So they gave her ten one hundred dollar bills and one of their little envelopes and gave it back to her
So she puts the envelope in her purse goes to the machines when she gets there
They have people walk around to make change because she has a guy a hundred dollar bill counterfeit
Yeah, but you don't know what happened
He takes the bill gives her the change comes back ten minutes later and says come with me
She says what's the problem? He says will the bill you gave you is no good?
She says well here she says I just got them from the bank just give me back that bill and I'll give you another one
She gives him another one. It's counterfeit. Hmm. They take her in a room now at the seminal Indians
It's freezing in there. It's a crap bottle right?
They gave her a meat locker a meat the crap bottle yeah, wait a minute
They're interrogating her as a manager the casinos in there and the securities in there
Five minutes later who shows up five
Secret service
Oh, this is unbelievable. I mean this is just a normal lady, you know, this is not just a normal counterfeiting lady
No, so they said to her can we search your purse?
She said of course that they go to her purse. They said can we look can we search your car?
She said absolutely you're gonna find a printing press under the front seat
They searched your car. They didn't find anything they searched her purse. They kept her there for five hours nice
freezing cold room
She had to go get an attorney the next day and I don't know what the outcome is because everything is kind of in limbo right now
But they confiscated three
$100 bills from her that were counterfeit
She went back to the bank the next day and explained to them that they gave her $100 bills
She showed them the envelope everything. It's a will you could have switched the bills after you left the window
Right, so in other words, they're saying that they didn't give her the now what bank was this it was
It's a savings and loan savings of America. Oh
From what I've heard the last two days it sounds like our banking institutions out for it
I had to got lots and lots of counterfeit. So anyway, I went to the bank today lots and lots of counterfeit
I cast a $200 check today and I asked for 50s and 20s
I said to the girl before she gave me the envelope. I said do you check your bills before you hand them out
She says what do you mean? I said I want to be sure you're not giving me counterfeit bills
She got very annoyed really. Yes. She got a real annoyed. I said look later
Well excuse me from you don't you have the pen that checks something. She says no, we don't do that here
That was it Barnett
Like I said I didn't get hundreds because I didn't want to be stuck with a hundred cow
I thought the new hundreds couldn't be counterfeited, but I don't know it's it's crazy
I think I think your next project is to write a book and I want you to document all these horror stories from the bank
We could write an encyclopedia. I'm serious. Okay. Okay. I'll see you thing. Oh, bye. Bye. Bye
Yeah, pawn off those counterfeits to the Indians. Okay, I'll get even with all those cancer sticks. They're peddling to the white man
We have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three one and Broward five two four. How six pack doing?
It's 1235 at W I O D
To protect your amateur status. You'll get no pay for appearing on Neil won't like it the I O D amateur hour
Cinder tapes impress yourself and humiliate your family
Neil won't like it Sunday night at 11 on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
News talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D we had that on KAT 20 years ago
20 years you remember that? Oh sure you do catch the cat and it had the big
Silhouette of the cat with a CBS I
20 years ago we had bus signs for KAT on a station that was like all dead people and we still had promotion
How do you like that? But hey, we don't want to get started with that now because we got three more days three more days three more days
We have two more open lines in day seven five one nine four six three seven five one one thing
I'll say for the Cox broadcasting people boy they're consistent. They don't care about anybody
I mean about anybody human considerations do not cross their mind whatsoever
So if Larry Podwell is listening if you're still like a pissed off, okay?
Because you told him you were buying a house and they said hey good luck go buy a house and in like two days later
They can you ask it thank a Christmas time
Trust me when I tell you it's not a question of if it's a question of when you're gonna get it right up the old
Brackham from Cox broadcast because they just don't care
It's like back when people were practically falling like flies in this building which we remember like it was yesterday
When there was this corporate mong and disease in this room and in most rooms in this building because the air conditioning
Vance hadn't been cleaned out in 20 or 30 years
Well, I it's it's not economic not economically feasible at this time
In other words, it's not economically feasible for them to worry about whether the
Sanitation in this building is enough to sustain human life. That's basically what we were told in one of the most incredibly
Unbelievable lines in the history of the human race
It's not economically feasible at this time in other words don't bother us and then our friend Barry Cohen came in here
It's still got those pictures by the way remember the pictures with the mountain it looks seriously look like mountains of mong
That they sucked out of the events in this building hadn't been removed in the in centuries talk about a sick building talk about a sick puppy
But it fits right in with that hey, it's only people we can't we're not worried about your health because we don't give a crap if you dropped
That or not
Once we have squeezed every every ounce of energy out of your body screw off. We're busy with other stuff
We got that big thing in Syracuse going now
And so anyway never we never even got into this this morning
So I get the news from Rick and suds wait till you hear this wait till you hear this hold on tight
WS UN in Tampa another Cox station and
The sports station that they were simile casting within the same market whatever the call it is our
WS UN is now simile casting the
What is the what what not the coast? What's the other FMA God?
Whatever it was their simile casting the FM and the sports station is now simile casting the coast
Music on a M that's that's the ultimate desperation in Tampa with WS UN
That's Cox broadcasting for you because you know that guy from the F.A. He said David Katen said this and he said that
Okay, we'll take all our programs off the air place of music
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, Niel. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
On the ask you always about the bank
Why don't you open the calendar smaller bank? I'm going to tomorrow because you know I got a Mickey Mouse business and
My accounts are over on five ten twenty thousand to give you a call, you know you're coming in
They say yeah, come in you take care of it. Right. I'm doing it tomorrow. I'm going to family bank tomorrow
I'm opening an account. I'm gonna tell nations bank to blow it out their ass. You got to talk to
Officer that's it. I'll fix you right up. Right. Okay, man. I'm doing it and one more thing
Yes, sir. Have you ever tried to take back a counterfeit that bang gave you?
No, but I just they look at they look at you like you're crazy exactly like you do
No way in hell they're gonna give up that that dollar and you know something they're probably printing it on the inside. Oh, yeah
Okay, pal, thank you. They're luck to us
Yes, matter of fact every now and then you do see them a dart into those little rooms
Especially in that area where the drive-through is you know behind the counters where the tellers hang out and there those rooms off to the side
I wouldn't be surprised if that's where the printing presses are
There's probably like 20s 50s and hundreds going in there like a mile a minute
Oh, excuse me a second. We just ran out of paper and you know, I mean how to ink. I mean
Here's a sweetwater. Hello
Sweetwater
Going once going twice. I'll read the urge. Okay, probably some speak two open lines in day 7519 463751 WYOD. Here's Palm Beach. Hello
Palm Beach. Leo. Yes, sir. Hey
That's about time I got through here. Yeah, about time
I got a sports question for you. You're the only guy in town that knows I don't think so
Yeah, okay, say the dolphins are under 20 yard line. Yeah, it's second-towel. That means they're not gonna score
Right, maybe a fuel goal, but he'll probably miss it. Yeah, yeah, well, this is what this is about. Okay, they bring in that
What's his name? Nuddy? Okay, he could his name is Joe Nudnic. Whatever is name. Nudnic. Yeah. Okay, he kicks it into the audience
Into the audience
Into the crowd. Yeah, wow, if I was second down does he get the kick it again? Of course not
Why? Well, what do you mean why would you just give up the ball the ball is in a crowd. That's that's it
You're sure? On second down. Yeah, you're gonna think kick it on third, huh?
You get the kick it again. I'm third down. On third down. It's only third down. No way
Not on second down. There's pride hours out there when the heart got one wrong
I've never heard that before. I never even thought about that on second down because first of all unless it was right at the end of the game
Now, how would you do that anyway? Just hype it. Tetic way. I mean you get the kick it again
You do you miss it on third down you get to kick it on fourth down
If you miss it on third down you get to kick it on fourth down since when
When even if you don't kick it
If the ball doesn't land in the playing field it just goes into the crowd
It does you know you just know good you're like that guy on my any to keep kicking it right right. Yeah, you get the ball back
You get to kick it again. I don't think so or you've got to find out we'll find out for you
Okay, from somebody I've never even thought about it. Okay. Do we have time for one more question here? If it's as good as that one
No chance
Okay, we have two open lines on the green lines one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four four
W-I-O-D here's
Plantation hello
Hello, yes, ma'am hi, Neil
Um, I just want to tell you I've had some dealings with the same bank that you're branch. You're talking about the same person
Yeah, and it's awful. You know, I mean you know, I mean Haitians bank do yeah. Yeah, we've Kimberly a disaster a
Disaster a mitigated disaster. This is a government account. This is it's awful and we have changed
We have changed, but personally
I go I deal with family bank in Weston and Ed and Maude over there. I mean they really do treat you as
It's great. I'm sure the Sunrise will do the same thing. Oh, yeah, they will believe me
Matt will treat me like a member of the family or else, okay
You heard really everybody said we got it on the tape. He said whatever you want. It's free
That's right. Three money free checking free booze free whatever you want. Yeah, but you'll love them
I hope you're right. Oh, you will. There's this other not a number there. You really treat you as a part. You know something
You know what bothers me is that I'm not a number anymore at the other place either they all know me
And they still and they still can't get it right and they still won't even give me the courtesy of calling and saying oops
There's a problem here. Yeah
Because they got so many fingers in the pot over there. It's like Cox broadcasting. They got so many
Straw bosses running around here. Nobody know has any answers because everybody's got a title
Yeah, you're right, but Ed and Maude they'll call Ed and Maude and Matt. Yep. Okay, sweetheart. All right. Thanks. Okay, family bank
Let's give them a big boost and then after they screw up then we'll rip them
We have an open line of pride. Not seriously. I mean, you know, they're going out on the limb
They probably can survive without my business, but the fact is they're, uh, you know
They're gonna do a good job. They're gonna bend over backward
Which is more than I can say for the other place because they're too busy taking off for young kipper
Oh brother. I mean just uh, oh here's another list of some more charges by the way. Here's a fee
There's a fee. There's another one over here
You know, it's it's a miracle anybody's got any cash left and a their accounts after all the bogus fees
They keep deducting in there just keep yanking it out. Okay, the money's in there. Just keep dittling with it
1247 and W.I.O.D. if you're tied and dittling with it
If you want to put something really spectacular and satisfying in your push
Then Mike cigars is where you'll find it
That's right. They got denim and darks denim and lights. They've got fun. Sakers made in La Republika de Minicana
They got Henry Winterman's made in Holland, no less by a bunch of Dutch people
They got La Premadora by made in Honduras. They probably got a few Premadanas over there too
They got Mac Anutto's one of the world's most popular and famous
They got Monte Cruz made in La Republika de Minicana
They got Padron made in Nicaragua by a bunch of illegal aliens
They got great cigars from all over the world at Mike cigars over a thousand different brands
They got part of this. They got their own house brand La Sensiatos
If you love a great cigar and even more women now are puffing on a big one on a cigar too
That's right. It's become the in thing everybody is a puffing on it because first of all doesn't kill you as fans and cigarettes
When we say dolphins on radio we mean Simfer and Mad Dog
He's in front of that
I just saw him by the dolphins arrive
Turn down the TV center
You check that
Check out the dolphins
On the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play
News talking entertainment radio
610
W-I-O-D
Too much Brian North Cross
I got boners like you wouldn't believe man
I mean don't know in the North Cross all these news anchors. I mean
Guess what honey? I've got a big surprise for you
Really? What is it?
A new car? No
A birthday present
No
Then what is it?
I have syphilis
God pen is still in
Brought to you by the National Venerable Disease Board in this radio station
Okay, 1250 at W-I-O-D
We have a mobile in highly waiting. Hello
Yes sir
How you doing? I have a Haitian Spank Horror story
Okay
Can I share it with you?
Yeah, I'm on
Okay
First of all you cannot get a regular checking account
If you have bad credit
Did you know that?
You can't get a regular checking account if you have bad credit
Right what does that mean? What what what what what?
Here's the story I got my end
So open up and accounts
Yeah
I give them my paycheck to open the accounts
It deposits you know to open the checking account
Okay
Three or four days later
I get a letter from the president of Haitian's bank
That we were good to inform you
We can we have to decline your
Your application for a regular checking account due to your credit history
Yeah
This is after I spent two hours in the bank
Just trying to open up the spanking checking account
You know they wouldn't they didn't tell me that while sitting there
Filling out and giving them all the information
So what happened?
So they I I go back to the bank
I demand my money they say I can't be in my house to wait until to check clear
Because you were dead meat right?
Exactly right
It's not a prior few problems a few years ago
But anyway
You know I had to raise help just to get my money
That they they weren't going to let me keep in their bank
Yeah
And that's the end of that story
I wrote them an out to you letter and thank God for Haitian's bank
Yeah amen
Amen
Okay, thank you
Just say goodbye just don't do it
If you're thinking about opening up an account there just don't do it
That's my best advice based on personal grief
And so is like you wouldn't believe
And how come I did have all those stupid checks made up
Well see the first thing is I made up a bunch of checks for my old printer
So I've got like 2000 of those
And then all of a sudden I decided well you know this laser printer is really
Hello a lot better
I'm going to put that on there
And it is a lot better
And I like the way it looks better and all that other
So I got 2000 more of those checks
So I got 4000 checks sitting there on Haitian's bank
For my laser printer that are going to be worthless now
So I'm sure that Matt will you know provide with no problem at all 4000 checks
Exactly
And probably a hundred dollars in cash
And a couple of good cigars
Here's the mobile in Miami
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah
How many about the question about if you kick it on the second down
Right
You get to kick it again
Number one it's a dumb question
And number two
Once you kick the ball or you're like to kick the ball for unknown reasons
You give up possession
That's what I told a guy
It doesn't make sense
You would only do it if you got a few seconds left in the middle of the clock
And you know you get the ball say wherever you want to play it
And it's second down then you would go to
You know you just don't have enough time to kick it again
That would be the only problem
Unless there was a penalty
Was the only way you get to kick it again
Yeah
There's a penalty
I want to kick the ball
That's it
Right
That's what I mean it seems very basic
And then the guy kept insisting and that's why I got like a dumbfounded
Because once you kick the ball away you don't have possession of it anymore
What differences to make if it goes into crowd
In the back of the end zone up Uranus or whatever
It's not your ball anymore
I mean it doesn't matter
Even if you attempt it and slips and falls on as the can
And that's it
I mean you change possession
Once you elect to do it that's it
Okay
It's a do or die if it's the way
So the guy lost five bucks
All right
That's the best part of the news
That's right
Okay thanks pal
Thank
Okay we have two open lines on the green lines
1-800-944-9463-189-44-WI
Oh
D
Here's Pember Pines
Hello
This be two Puck
I'll be making money right on this
All right
Have a good time with it
Hey listen
Take it to Haitians Bank
Take it in a wheelbarrow to Haitians Bank pal
Two open lines one day
One in Broward and one on the green line
524-9463 and Broward
524-WYOD
Here's four Lauderdale on the purple line
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
How are you doing
Great
Um family bank would have been my second choice
Okay
My first choice is equitable bank
They're a small little bank
They have I think they'll have three branches
Yeah
One in North Miami Beach
I'm one in uh
University in Broward
I don't know if that's too far
East for you
University in Broward that's not the two beds
Right on the corner there
Yeah I know where it is
And they're just I mean
I'm a small contractor
I mean they know my name
You got a problem
Hey you got to come in and cover that check
By one o'clock you know
No bounce checks none of that crap
And I mean I've been with them five six years
I would never
Never go with a big bank
Yeah
No listen if they're treating you well while we're working
Getting worse than that is the
Most of the banks are not even four today
So all the money
You know it's going to support from out of town back
Right
Okay pal
That's my two cents
Thanks a lot
See ya
Open line on the purple line
And pound iod so anyway to make a long story short
When they get too big for their bridges
All I'll be honest with even before they got this big
They still stuck the joint on
They still kept making the same stupid mistakes
And they still kept changing the tellers every five minutes
And again I'm not saying that it's
Have there some good people in there
There are people who mean well
There's some nice people
And then there's some stupid people
And there's some incompetent people
But it's just uh
You when you're dealing with your money
You're just not going to take pot luck
And a bunch of stories like
Oh yeah
Give us another chance
You've had more chances than Carter's got pills okay
And I was as stupid as I am in lazy
Again there's that word lazy
But having had all those other checks made up
I thought to myself well
I'm stuck now anyway for for quite a while
With all those thousands of checks
And now that I'm eventually going to get paid by Paxton
Sooner or later somehow some way
Maybe that uh we're just making this transition
Would not be the best time to be changing banks anyway
Actually it would be the best time
This would be a good time to do it
When you come right down to it
And then of course maybe there'll be something about direct deposit
I'm gonna say I don't want no direct deposit okay
I don't want direct deposit
I want my check in my hand
I want to look at it
I want to see it
I want to have tangible evidence of how much it is
I want to take it and put it in there myself
I want to stick it right in there
I want to receipt for it
I want to be able to write out uh
To do my stuff
As opposed to letting other people do your stuff for you
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello
All right, let me say you straight on the can you kick it again?
Question yeah the guy loses the five bucks
But here's a story once you kick it
You can't you can't re-kick it but you can attempt to kick
And and uh not kick it and and redo it for example
Let's say it's the end of let's say you're in overtime
And you're gonna win with a field goal
And you're down on the 10 yard line and third down
You can do a fake you line up for a field goal
Yeah
I'm third down because if for some reason
The guy must the snap and it goes over the guy's head and then they they just have to fall on it
It's still their ball fourth down and how they can attempt to field goal again
So if you haven't kicked it yet you can you can re-kick it
It would try would only come up on it
That's because you still have possession though
Exactly
In other words, that's why you were trying to do it on that
If it's a bad snap if it's a bad snap and the holder recovers and gets tackled
Now if you did that on third down now it becomes fourth down
But you still have possession of the ball
Exactly
But this guy's talking about
Right
If you line up and kick the ball you can't kick it again
Of course not once you kick it away
That's what I tried to tell a guy very matter of frankly as well
How come you can if it goes in the crowd
What differences to make where it goes
It doesn't make any difference but once you
But you can attempt to
Punt or you can
Well it only comes up with a field goal
You can attempt to make up to a ball on second to third down
Muff this nap never kick it line up again and kick it again from 10 years further
I think Muff is the word
Okay pal thanks
Okay we have two open lines in brown word 5249463524WOD
So what are we going to do about this Nudnik kid huh
What are we going to do about him
What did I tell you about Stoy Annabitch
And it was money everybody now says yeah it was money
Even though Pete took less they didn't want to pay out them but this kid works cheap
So big deal he kicks
See one thing I don't care about this kicking the ball off deep
If you have confidence in your defense
Whether the other team starts on the 20 yard line
Or the 27 or 30 yard line really shouldn't make all that much difference
But when you have no confidence that the guys even going to make extra points much less the field goals
And the first one that he did make by the way just to got inside that upright
I got no confidence in Joe Nudnik I'm sorry
I'll take the guy who puts the points on the board
Thank you and as far as the extra five or six yards on a kickoff big deal if he got some defense
Here's a mobile and Davie hello
Yeah he's a 50% kicker in college and that's exactly what he is now
He sucks he sucks okay
Yeah I gotta tell you I'm Pete Soyanabitch is a rough ball
And I was uh I can't believe what they did
They did and the world and the biggest insult is they just gave him away
Yeah they gave him the Kansas City for like an 85th round draft tour
I'm a fifth round draft
Right
Yeah I love Pete
Well that's because they know he's gonna go to Probo because they're all gonna be both before him
Okay
Yeah I'm thankful
I tell him we wish him well
All right
Okay bye bye
Pete Soyanabitch is God
Yeah he missed a few here in here in the last couple of years
Big deal everybody misses him soon or later but I got news for it when the money is on the line
If there was a 52 yarder like that one yesterday I guarantee you Pete would have stuck it right through there and the ball too
Say it like this
610
W i
Oh baby
I'm for glory
News talking entertainment radio
610
W i o d
The one to do our
Yeah
The makers of fail-packed eight diarrhea really formula introduced long-lasting fail-packed eight supositories honey
Are you okay?
Oh it's this darn diarrhea
Try new pale-packed eight supositories I put some in the medicine cabinet
supositories huh
Fail-packed eight supositories go right to the seat of the problem for instant relief at last for days if not years
Honey why is there a tennis ball in the medicine cabinet
That's not a tennis ball that's a supository
The package says it has unique blocking action to stop diarrhea fast
Yeah for a horse maybe
He's trying it
Okay
Wow
How's it feel?
Like a tennis ball
Jesus how long does it take for this thing to dissolve
Oh it doesn't dissolve it just sits there
What?
Blocking
Oh god
New pale-packed eight supositories with unique blocking action
And for really severe diarrhea try a pale-packed eight extra large supositories with a patented football shape
Okay 106 at W.O.D.
Maybe that's what the dolphins could use some more runs blocking
We have an open line of Broward 5249463524 W.O.D.
Nice catch by the way Karim
Hold the Karim please
Oops there it goes
Bernie finally gets away from these bastards
Just one time one time with like a couple minutes left in the game
We have one last dying gas
Banner own like 15-17 yard line where the hell it is
One time he gets away and throws a nice little screen pass
A lovely little passes Harry Neal would say
Oops it's on the ground
There goes that Lou Alcindor again
Here's the mobile in Miami hello
Neal mobile on my own dime
All right tomorrow I tell Bell South to go screw you
I'm going to AT&T wireless
Hello why do you want to do that
What to tell Bell South to go screw themselves
Yeah I don't want to go to mobile mobile one if you want the best deal
What tell you want AT&T for
Well that's who I work at date where he got a good deal
So that's even better but obviously that's not even better
Okay uh what did you say did you
Did you see the inside sports for this month
The what inside sports magazine
What the hell is that
Uh it's got a good it's got a think you would love this caption and the uh
What do you think that that's not one of the another one of these
Flunky local sports magazines isn't but it's they got a thing about the
You found there the what
Orcans yeah
It's uh you'd love this captioner just like school together
Okay, oh god thank god he's changing his uh thing there huh
Too bad he's not going to mobile one and getting the real deal
Open line and date seven five one two and brown thanks again to a what's your name
What what the hell was your name? I threw the card out
Whatever whatever your name was my name was in blaring corporate what was it
Come on what was your name
Oh you didn't put it down. Oh no
Oh jeez I gotta look at a waist basket for that card again
I mean I don't want to sound ungrateful because it's a really beautiful neat
Thing and it was like four hundred of her business cards in here
And I appreciated very much but I can't find her card while she knows thank you. I think it was Laura
So anyway, it's the hurricane tracking chart. It's got pictures here on the map of all the uh
Hurricanes release some of them and they don't have room for all of them
The ones who've been either suspended or pending or this or that and it's a beautiful thing
And on the back it says dedicated to
What does that say on the back oh
Read read I didn't even see this dedicated to reinstate you
That's the new name for University of Miami reinstate you
And how about those uh koon Huskers that got beat on the weekend too. God was that beautiful
Arizona State
Exactly a slice of revenge for the 77 points that the koon Huskers ran up on him last year
With their semi-pro football team and
Prouncing him 19 to nothing which may not sound like a trouncing but from all accounts
They really they stuck it to them. All right, Arizona State
What is that what's all that distortion on there now?
Are you hearing that that's not from the computer is it
From the computer the hotkey or is that a card
card
Could it be the pot?
Oh
Let's just keep doing that one more time
It's the pot
We don't have a pot to kiss in how do you like that which pot it's two pots
Oh, geez, it's Roosevelt pots
What did all with the uh the volume the gain on that pot
Oh, how do I know which one it is there's two different pots i'm didlin. I'm didlin. I'm didlin. Okay
Okay, listen don't worry about it now. Okay, we're only gonna be here to what another five ten years in this building
Before we move over that the brand new packs and nothing which they're thinking about building someday
When they worry about getting my paycheck situation straight and out and taking a look at the what real life is all about
Then they can start worrying about building some buildings
Anyway, let's go to a Miami Beach hello
Hello, yes, sir. How we doing great first time caller, but i've been listening to you off and on for years
Uh, I'm talking about the counterfeit bills. It's very interesting
Basically, you deal with any bank
Uh, they've only enough to go in your one way or another sooner or later. Yeah, but the basic rule was caveat mTOR not the buyer beware
but the customer beware
and uh, bank space of the second lowest profession tax tax culture being the lowest
And uh, really if you want if you want to know about your money all of its counterfeit because none of it's backed up by gold
Okay, thank you so much. We have an open line in day get that guy together with that other one
I was talking about the federal reserve and we'll have a mass snatch a match made in heaven
Open line in date county seven five one w-y-o-d two and brownered five two four nine four six three five two four
Get out the gold okay
Let's go for the gold and go for the gusto and have a couple of drinks and cut the crap 11 after one a w-y-o-d
Ah, mom
Raisin brand again same old same old maybe it's time you gave your kids something different for breakfast
The cereal imported from the former Czech Republic
Serve crunchies all right mom serve crunchies your kids will love the taste and the fun
Searching through the light crispy flakes for mass burials of crunchy nuts here they are
Serve crunchies. There's even a board game on the back of the box. Hey, you can't land there. That's my you and safe even
Serve crunchies look for Radavon carajich on the box
114 to w-y-o-d that pot by the way is to brachan george
cart number five put it on the thing there. We'll see if they respond to our 85th discrepancy
We'll see if in these final three days the Cox people have any pride left whatsoever which we seriously doubt since they don't give a crap
Here's a bokeh on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I heard somebody speaking before about the nation's bank
And they really pissed me off my wife when I moved down to Florida. We went to transfer our account into nation's bank
Yeah, and we made a sizable deposit and all of a sudden about two weeks later
They told us that they found some derogatory information on a credit report and
they
They didn't want to
They didn't want your business. They didn't want our business. Anyway, they wanted to give you the business
Well, they gave me the business and we found out we were dealing with a bunch of glory. I'm up in Washington somewhere
Yeah, and what happened was they didn't want to refund the funds because they said it's gonna make 30 days
We're not a town check to clear and 30 days and like somebody is gonna believe that okay in 30 days
30 days you could take the check and walk it up to that bank out of town and cash it and walk back again and still have days left over
Well, I call the civil liberties union and this is the old civil liberties union
That's correct and they and they said that that that's that's discrimination and it's against it's against both federal laws to be discriminatory
You're not applying for credit. You're only opening a checking account right and the checking account is only with your funds right
And and they have no right they have no right to do it
If you had an account in there and you had problems then they have a right to ask you to leave the bank right
But not not under new account and if more people would write letters into Washington to the federal reserve
No, I think more people would stop doing business with folks like that and start to do a business with smaller banks
Then we all get all on the bed it really is really is disgusting
And I have I'm in a nice bank down here in Florida and and it's a pleasure dealing with them
Thank God, but nation nations bank. I don't think anybody should put one dollar of their money in that bank
I'm taking it out
When in doubt I'm moving out
Hey, you you got the right idea. Okay, pal. Keep up the good work. Happy circus
Okay, okay, bye
Open line any purple line pound IOD we got one indeed we got one in brown we got one over here
We got one over there we got one in this bank. We got one on that we got the boardwalk park place
Oh, man see this is what happens when you get a monopoly
That's where the boardwalk in a park place come in. It's a big gigantic monopoly
It's like a gigantic octopus whose testicles and tentacles are grabbing up everybody in all directions
And if you don't like the way they do business too bad because there ain't nobody else. That's what they're hoping for
That's right and wouldn't it be great to see city bank come tumbling down with that mexican scandal, huh?
Wouldn't that be great to see one of those big giant
Octopi just take a big tumble and a big leap
Here is the forlauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to explain about nations bank. Uh, I
uh deposit funds and nations bank a few months ago. Yes, sir
We get back from vacation house where we're having checks bouncing
We can't we don't understand why and the
Manager made the deposit for us. They said there was some problem with the deposit. They deducted 25,000 out of our account to this day
They just gave it back to us but it took like a month to get it back. They had no explanation. They don't know where it went
Nice and and uh
It's like so frustrating because
We deposit like on the first they can give us credit till the 23rd and it's our money and the bank management deposit
Beautiful
Nations is just uh one of those a nightmare a nightmare man a nightmare waiting to happen our money into the bank
They had it. They showed it. We had the slips on it and somewhere up north
Somebody deducted out their computers are so hazardous now. Yeah, I feel that there's so much bank fraud going
Well, especially the people who are operating a man you got no idea just like I discovered yesterday here
These 250 cents being taken off the payments that I made to the IRS now granted it's only a dollar there
But that's only two transactions
I'm not seeing all the other ones and I'm not seeing the thousands of other customers that they got
It's a nice racket if you can get it
It's be if they didn't even explain or have a have a comeback for whatever happened to it
Because they have a back in now they haven't got a clue man
The right hand don't have any idea which rectum the left hand is up trust me
It's amazing. I wish to be able to open some small banks where you have personal uh
You know with people around you like with real people right of uh
Of courtesy. Yeah, there is none. Okay. Good luck to us pal. Okay
Family bank that's our one last hope anyway out there in Westbroward
That's the last gas we're gonna put we don't want to put a lot of weight on match shoulders out there at family bank
But we just did okay tomorrow. I'm going in there with a with a bushel basket full of uh coins
Not money. I think I'm gonna trust him with real money in the beginning. Let's see how they operate
Open line in power at 524946 and guess what today didn't make it. How do you like that?
Probably had to wait 40 minutes for that but guess what didn't make it today. Uh-huh redneck
20 after one at WYOD if you use talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Well, mother you mentioned I really don't know if we do have it or not. I don't uh, I think the answer is oh no
I don't think it's in there. Oh now that I take a puke at it. I think it's oh
It's in there. So screw will just put it on now. We'll have all that good news stuff. Anyway in a few days. Won't wait we won't
Okay, 123 at W I O D. Here's the deer field. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, uh
First of all, I got a couple things to say first of all
Maybe if we pay Karim Abdul a little more he can hold on to the bell. I doubt it. Can you believe that hold the Karim please
In the clutch play I say we change his name back to Lou Alcindor Jr. Now and he can't go back to that Karim bull crap until he starts
Either run and better or catch into ball or both. He stuck the joint out last night
The pressure was on and he blew it. Yeah, just like D on the other night in that uh
I love that maybe then right there at the end of the game. It was a beautiful thing. I loved it
Tell me something why hasn't Jerry Jones the owner of Dallas? Why doesn't he show his face when they were getting embarrassed by the bills
Do you notice that like when they're winning he's on the sidelines and uh
But when they're losing he's gone he was down there on a sideline was he I think or no that was the week before
That's when they lost to the pulse remember when vanyul hit the crossbar. Uh huh
No, but for the for the bills game. I think when you want to know why because it was raining he don't want to get wet
He don't want to get wet and there was there was a swisher with that bluish moth over his head back like a shroud
He looked like something out of the Vatican here for crying a lot. He wanted to be anywhere else, but there he was trying to crawl into a hole
I loved it. It was a beautiful thing
I'm gonna tell you as long as bury swisher is in Dallas. I hope they lose every game
Well, what they're saying though
This is the first year that Dallas actually is not um riding on what you're not in red up. Right
This is his team now and it's evident that they uh, they can't really handle it
But who knows we'll see what happens. I just happy to see the dynasty go down and isn't it great since Jerry Jones has been such an asshole
And besides he's running his own league over there in Dallas
Isn't it great to see him given Emmett all of that money and Emmett to you know
Basically sticking the joint out and it's him
Michael getting all of that money and the being suspended five games and being in a wing somewhere waiting to go beat somebody up
This is the Abtonia what goes around comes around man
I've never seen said that that's what goes to show you though
You can't buy yourself a good team. I mean to coach one and have good talent
But if you spend all that money on Dion Emmett and Troy Ackman and everybody
It still doesn't mean that you're gonna get a championship team man. Thank God for that. All right
In closing no team that was one in three has ever won the Super Bowl
Go down
Okay, well that sounded even better. I was gonna check that I was gonna test it at works
I fixed it
Okay, I fixed it where the engineers wouldn't do what I fixed it. I went click like that and fixed it
Well, okay, maybe that's all it took but of course that would take too much of their time because they're all worried about the coast
And how it went out so hot 105
So why don't they moving in their new building? Why don't they get in out of here?
Why don't they get in out of our building
Since we have 10 days to terrorize them and to park in what they've thought was their parking spots
And it turned to get out there on a I still say Monday afternoon if Rick Riley's got any balls
They'll be out there changing that marquee out front
If Rick Riley has got even a tiny pair of ball bearings Monday afternoon their first afternoon show Hill of Adam or somebody out there
Changing that marquee in front of in front of our building
Saying W-Y-O-D God
Down
Yeah, we've been going down for like four months now
Get that damn cart out of there will you okay? Thank you
Here's a book on a purple line. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Story about nations bank. I know another one on another one. There's a million nations bank stories in the naked city
We're gonna hear them all. Yeah, but I know where your guys money went. Yeah, I made a deposit for eight hundred dollars
About oh four five days later. I get my uh my statement from the bank. You know the monthly statement you got eight thousand dollars 80 million
Ha ha a million dollars. Yeah, no got no almost the bad no shot. Yeah, no shot
So I immediately go up to the bank. That's what you had to getting the money no shot. Yeah, that's right
I immediately go up to the bank though and check my
On the ATM I checked my balance. Yeah, well they had they had taken the money out otherwise. I was opening up a
Account in the Cayman's and I'm gonna wire it out right
Open up all those Swiss bank accounts. That's right
But I got there a little later than they did dammit
But so that's where your money went anyway probably
Okay, Neil. Okay, have a good time with it pal. Bye. See ya
Or as Sophia said don't spend it all in one place
We have an open line at day 7519 463751 their animals anyway. Let them lose their holes
And we have an open line and a purple line mobile one cell 18t wireless pound iod
Here's the lady in Miami Beach. Hello
A lady in Miami Beach
Gone the lady in Miami Beach is gone
What are you hearing are you hearing the sounds of uh silence no there's something on there though
Trust me
We have an open line in date 7519 463
She's still on there that bitch that troll that witch
That disgusting pinheaded bitch. She's still on there
You hear that?
We're on hold or something okay the bitch put us on hold put her on hold put her ass on hold put her back on hold
Here's a hollywood hello
Neil yes sir good topic for two days bank and because I never expected two days
But I'm gonna tell you something there's an endless supply of four bastards getting ripped off and screwed around
Oh and self-flowered a bank and you can talk about this all week you'll have the phone split up good
Okay sounds good to me
Socks installed flower. Yeah, and you know
I've got a horror story with bond at bank if I can share good excellent. That's Rick Riley's favorite
Well, let me tell you I've got a cd account with them and the savings and the check-in now every month
I get my interest from my cd and I'll go to the bank and I'll cash it and you know use it for whatever
Well one day I did that and the next day
I what I do is I put it into my savings account this interest money this one time next day
I was gonna use some money for my savings account
I said well let me call and see what I've got for a balance
Well, I'll be whole I noticed that there's like $60 missing
I said but wait why would I have 60 missing when I just put it deposit in yesterday
Yeah, I've verified with the bank that when I went and cash an interest check from their bank the dumb broad
holds the check for one day from their bank. I get my account. Yeah
From their from their bank. They're big
I said big and sucks down here. There's no two ways about it
And it always is like they're looking for some way to stick it to you in other words
It never the transactions just don't kind of go through as a matter of routine
They're always looking for some way to put a hold to
Bounce to do this to do something now. Let's say you go and make it the positive today
Yeah, before the time of four o'clock and it says old transactions made before or after four for the next hour
Oh two o'clock in my bank. We understand that but here's the kickoff
You can make that deposit before the time but do you realize that is not credited to your account until that deposit goes to
It's called an auditing department at night
Then it gets posted to your account. Yeah, that's what they do down here
And that's what screws things up too. It's not automatic
But when you say it goes through an auditing
Well that makes it sound like somebody's paying attention if that's the case
How could they have bounced an eight thousand dollar check? I wrote to myself when there was
8123 dollars right there in the computer for a balance because the auditing department themselves at night screwed up
Oh nice very nice very nice auditing department over there at nibhilan cleary at the uh promenade plaza
They need a good baffon ghoul or snorkel. That's what they need right okay. I'm gonna do it for them. Take it okay pal
That's what they need they need they need a foot up their record
That's what they need to wake those bastards up. Who was that was that Steve Nikolai just saw there
So what's the story is he's still with us is he against us and what we already know that I mean is he gonna be around what's the deal now
Oh, he's only sticking around if we can do the Phil Henry show tonight. Okay. Well, we'll find that out. I'll ask Phil
Two open lines and Broward what are you laughing about that's the emis
5249463524 wiod
Oh the lady and my knees back see I put around whole I knew she'd be back
Hello, yes, ma'am hi. I'm sorry that I was going I'm calling you from work. Why I fingered as much
The thing is that I have been dying to get through to you because the same thing happened to me and they should make it happen to you
Nations bank here we go again
I'm I hope that all of those nations bank eight million executives are listening right now
It's not just neo-rodgers
It's not just somebody who's pissed off because they screwed me around 20 or 30 times
It's everybody in their brother out there has had it with their damn stick and attitude and we don't care
How many other banks they buy up or how big they get it's about time they started treating people like human beings
Go ahead and know the funny is I thought that it was just me and then when you started telling the story
Oh, oh my god, I mean yesterday yesterday was great
That seemed to be getting more of the action than nations
But today the nation's bank stories are we could have 10 million of them and we haven't even scratched the surface
It's ridiculous. I mean I um, you know, I didn't have that big of an account
I have a student account because I'm going to college right but um
Anyway, and so something happened
I had one of the check cards which was the only reason that I ever used nations bank because that was pretty convenient
Yeah, and um, so they started bouncing checks that weren't
That shouldn't have been you know, that's their specialty and
So they're charging me service charges for these checks are keep getting passed through two and three times
Because I'm telling the people who are trying to get their money that know it shouldn't be bouncing
So I get $15 you know service charges from nations bank every time that they do it only 15 oh well
Depended on oh now it's not 27. Oh really they've moved up in the world now
And the companies, you know that I wrote these checks to then they're charging me service charges to so I call a customer service
And they're giving me the runaround and it takes them two weeks even find out why they bounce my checks in the first place
And the meantime all the checks I've written since then I'm also getting bounced so I was just my whole with a getting deeper and deeper and deeper
And then oh they sent me this letter saying no, no, it was really my fault which it wasn't and but you know for um
They're gonna give me
I'm worried right just for um so that I won't be upset with him and won't leave them but I left him anyway
So I have this little bitty bank that someone you're talking about that don't charge you service charges for anything right
Not the ATM not checks not you don't have to have a minimum balance. It doesn't matter great and uh what bank is that
It's a little one called tropical federal is a credit union
Okay, it's based right here in the hospital that I work at mm-hmm
And uh, I was gonna call recommend that before the guy called about um family bank or whatever it's called they don't charge you for anything not even um
Not even when you have cash your checks written or or money um many orders nothing yeah, they don't charge your service charges great
Which is how may is that nickel and I'm using this in the first place. Yeah, so anyway
I thought I'd share that with you. Well stick with the winners sweetheart. I'll try. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye
We have an open line in day at 751. We got two and brownored 5249 463524 wiod as the plot keeps getting thicker and deeper and deeper and deeper
Because people are tired man they're fed up you can screw around with their uh brain
You can screw around with almost anything but don't screw around with their money. Okay, you got it. Don't screw with my money
And
Just like this joke that's been going on here for eight years in this radio station with and you have to make it into a joke
It's like so many things in this joint you have to make it into a joke or you never survive it
I came here eight years ago to work and it's like well everybody else gets paid every other Thursday
If they would have said to me you get paid when everybody else does fine
I have no problem with that they decided you're gonna get paid every Thursday because we just can't write a check that big
So we're gonna pay every Thursday fine
But like how do I get it when do I get it am I gonna get it and now lea downstairs in accounting
She's great when lea's here
We know that George only has to call her 20 or 30 times in reminder and I'll get the check
But prior to this it was like I can remember a couple of times
I went out the door and then all of a sudden turned around said to myself
Hey, guess what this is just what they were hoping for it's Thursday and I don't have my check
Let's see if he'll let us keep the money one more day, okay?
Is opposed to like having some kind of a system
Like here's how it works and it'll be in your box or it'll be in your hand or whatever
That's all just don't mess with people's money
Is that too much to ask?
136 at WI would use talk and entertainment radio
16 WI
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
You're upset big Johnson and this is my partner Reggie Washington and it's time once again for this old crack house
These project is a lovely two-story condemned brick row house and Reggie I see something that needs fixing already
That's right. You know the street numbers is painted on the curb that makes a way
So easy for the police to find a place let's fix that Reggie
Very good now let's check the interior
Hmm now that we're inside, you know what it's time for time to smoke some crack
Sam straight
Now another big problem with crack houses is awful smell from home is vomit and on the carpet or brothers
Pitting on the staircase like my partner Reggie's doing right now
Look at this man
This presents a major problem. How do you get rid of that awful odor easy smoke some more crack
You smell anything Reggie smell smells oh
Well, that's all the time we have for today
Join us next week for another edition of this old crack house
That was two packs favorite show by the way 140 at W.I.D
We have an open line in day. See I think we're all in between the breaks here
Everybody's asking these questions about who's gonna do what and who's on first and are they gonna be engineers here in his
Paxing doing this uh, we're asking too many questions just show up through your show and then that's it
Just show up dummy up and don't ask any of these questions, okay?
And if there's problems like if there's no log or stuff like that let it be their problem
Don't let somebody else's problem become your problem
That's what my bank says here's a mobile and west palm hello
Oh Neil yes sir hey all this talk about the banks I completely agree with you and I can't believe I've heard all these carts
And the only one that really really applies to the banks I haven't heard
You do a
Elmer flood does a cart. I'm weaming you yeah, that doesn't completely describe what the banks are trying to do to us
I don't know what does okay
You you've you've got it. Thank you very much Neil
Have a great life. See you
Use talk entertainment radio
16 W I O D
Hey, so this radio station
Now the future is in town. Oh
We've been talking about
Paxons ever since Cox pulled out now will work for taxes. I know
Yeah, go on a word for
Oh, no
Okay
Say goodbye to air and summers say hi to Ron and Ron
I'm late
Okay, but he'll ain't changing his act
I sense upon again Christian
Imagine
Will
Here
Okay, 151 at WI.
That's what we're going to be doing.
You know how these rock stations, all the stations that change the format, they do like
three days of Louis, Louis or stupid stuff like that.
We're going to have three straight days of joy, rentals and Drew Michaels tapes.
Then we can be sure on Monday we're starting from scratch.
Here's Boynton Beach.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been to pos my paycheck in Great Western back when I'm not going to let them get away
with this today.
Yeah.
They got nailed yesterday, paid over and over and over again.
They got butchered.
They got bloody bad.
They got to get away again.
Finish them off, man.
For four years, my paychecks have been drawn off of Bank of New York and they've been
holding them.
I had a $4.50 check that I wrote that I get the bounce twice.
I got paid.
I got charged $50.
$25.00 service charges each time on a $4.50 check because they hold my payroll check
for five days every time.
So Neil's saying, I'm done with them.
Good.
Thank God.
Tom, to blow it out there, rectum.
It's already done.
Have a good day.
Excellent.
Yeah, if they're going to keep treating you like that, I mean, when you do business with
people for so long and you know, when you deposit a check, it's just like here with the
Cox people is much of a bunch of bastards as they are.
At least, you know, their checks are good.
Unlike over there at QAM.
At least, you know, their checks are good and you think that even though they're
based in Atlanta, when it's an $8 billion company, they shouldn't be putting ever a hold
on that check.
On that particular check, you don't need to hold it to squeeze it, to digest it, to
spit it out, to regurgitate it, to see if it's going to be okay.
Trust me, it's okay.
The sisters can squeeze the few thousand out, okay?
Boy, on just another excuse, like I said, to hang onto people's money and keep making
any interest and making any interest and use your money to make a fortune so they can pay
all the big salaries to those tellers and the shleppers, right?
Right.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I got a couple quick stories for you.
First story, I made a couple deposits about three months ago at Barnett Bank.
Now the total of deposits equaled about $8,000.
Now I wrote all my checks out and, you know, same thing that these other colleges say,
my check starts at bounce.
So I call Barnett who I've been with for nine years.
Yeah.
And they tell me that for my particular account that my checks are only good for the first
5,000.
Any amount after that has to be on hold for 72 hours.
I was never told to that.
I had never, I had never bought in $5,000 deposit in one particular time.
I was unaware of that.
So now my checks start.
So in other words, they just make it up as they go along.
Exactly.
They only gave me, even though I've been there nine years and I've had the same job
and I've been cash in the same paycheck.
They only give me a $5,000 immediate transactions.
Anything over that.
I have to wait 72 hours.
Beautiful.
That's what I call great service after nine years.
Yep.
And you figure a big bank like that, you know, would have some kind of, you know, some
other things, you know, to do if they want to keep their customers happy.
Here's another one for you.
I just got back from a cruise a couple of weeks ago and I only brought one credit card
because I figured I'd buy a limited amount of cash and I'd have one credit card, gold
card, plenty of big line of credit.
I'd have no problems.
I used the card on the boat because they have like something like a Salon Sign card where
you give them your credit card and then they give you a limit to whatever your credit card
limit is and you can buy things on the boat drinks, whatever.
Right.
So after the first day, the first half of the day, the next day where it's C and I
try to use my, my, my Salon Sign card and the waitress tells me, well, you have to go
to see the purse or because your credit card's not working.
My credit card company didn't even give carnival cruise line the option to get in touch
with me.
They just cancelled my card.
So now I'm stuck on a boat with the only credit card I have is that particular bank and
I have no money.
I don't get it.
They cancelled your card for what?
Yes.
When I did the Salon Sign card, I thought that it would go through carnival but apparently
it goes through the Caribbean.
So they must have figured that's gotten a hold of my credit card and they cancelled it.
They cancelled it without...
