I was going to call for we all my God. Please lend me your hand. Give me a helping hand
This is a care package
I've been waiting for weeks. I saw the camera game on TV last time. Are you sure?
Yeah, and I notice you're still using that thing. Yeah
Are you are you are you sure? Yeah, that's the new 360
If I could tell you well, we've gone through here. Of course you've gone through some good stuff up into it. Still have refogs
Phil Henry remember him
You're saying who yeah
You saw if you got the floor something I just woke up. It's panorcloth. I get off your at midnight
And I'm yeah, and I'm in bed at three. So it's everything's screwy. Yeah, and is your fiance there with you?
No, she's still in she's finished in school in Minnesota. Oh, oh
So I have a one-room flat somewhere in the Rose Bowl country. It's really weird. It's rain passadena
Yeah, I'm in passadena. It's a little old talk host from passadena. Yeah, and
Right. It's about 50 degrees. It's pouring rain. So when are you coming back?
I hear you were predicting a year. I think maybe a little probably be about right. Why is that? Are they giving you a bunch of crap? No
I they're on having a good time
But I'm listening to people calling me up here saying your meals on the air saying you're fucking wind out there
I never said that's a lot of crap. I never said that well
Steve Nichol your good post personal friend is the one I keep going on here
And his 85 different talk shows that we got because he's got all these vacant gaps. He can't fill in
And it's all he talks about is how you're never going to make it out there and they're giving you a bunch of crap
I don't know why he would do the other way. He would I never said that
I there was a there was a blurb in the paper
There too after you started and they said you know about the first day and they started bitching about the language and about the
She killed bit and all of the service stuff
Well, I don't use
30 language affection. No, dammit and
What the characters that I use do you say you say asshole?
Uh, I believe Harvey wireman once or twice. Oh, yeah, but I don't you don't
Even if it's a fake voice doing it. It's a little it's a little nut for lost Angela's
The place like WIOD. I know it sounds like WID used to be right? Well, I don't know
I think people just don't people don't I talk to people about the station about how it wasn't Miami
They don't even understand they never happen again film
It never there will never again in the history of our business be what we had it was great
But what happened back? Uh when you come back
When I'm not joking. I'm serious. What time can you be in the plan? I'll pick you up personal to your point
I don't know man. I think you know if I keep one of a limo for you
I don't know. It's uh, I can't I can't keep living my life this way. I'm 44. I gotta start living so are they here?
Are like the packing well so to speak or they uh, you know they should be the program director's yours a guy named David hall and
wrongly. I thought they were hall voices and now everybody thinks he's a complete swine
Um, and Tony was the first night time actually is a great animal. Yeah
What am I hearing there is that for free?
Yeah
It's a thing. It's a computer. It does like a
The late motor like that like it. I'm listening to you at highlight. We finally got our DCS in here after weeks and weeks and
now we're railing and gnashing our teeth and screaming and yelling. It's unbelievable. You guys were using carts instead?
Well, we were using we were using a thing called the audio vault which is okay except that
It doesn't do what we needed to do. You know what I'm saying? It looks very impressive
And you can store like about 10 different things in there, but if you're still more than 10 things you can never find them
So there's three six to you. Can you do this with a phone collar? Can you make them?
No, no, it's just a computer that you store a drop engine. You know like I poop my poop
I poop my pants
Like that, you know, it's great
It's a terrific. Well, we got a lot of real good-looking stuff in here
A lot of it doesn't work, but they're too busy a binop 400 other radio stations this week
So in fact, there was a trend that you know the book came out which I'm sure you must know and we all made bonus
I heard I haven't gotten the check yet, but why not? Yeah, I got a lot of things up
You haven't gotten the check yet. It's the 21st in November. I have not done my bonus check. No
You want to be kidding me. I'm sure it's an oversight. I'm sure
But I heard it was a good book. I don't know. What's a great? You're a phenomenal book
You say there's a trend just just came out now. Well, we don't have any idea what it is
Now came out. I was on vacation. I was in Rome for nine days and I come back and I'm desperately asking and begging was there a trend
Yeah, and it even only came up with maybe even our PD doesn't know what it is
He hasn't gotten up off the floor long enough to find out what it was
You know, but here we got this is the October September August trend
We got that like two days into November. It scared me. It's got here so fast
Yeah, and I the program director says oh, we just got the October trend. I'm like it's only the second day of November
Yeah, and I asked him what was it goes what it is in your trend man
It was like it ends in the middle of October so it's not yours. Well, that's always good and I said thank you
And went off the grid again, but the day after I got here we did a check that
I actually feel a little near on the air and you know the usual stuff
And they threatened to sue the next day
We're on the air and and they're actually I talked to the lakers and told them what I was doing
They said I was a lot of graph basketball and that was the end of that. Oh, yes
So which I never saw again the general manager took him put in his office
Yeah, if you get him on more he'd have a set that would be great
But
Yeah, it's it's fun
So it's right by mr. Station mr. IOD because you don't have to look over your shoulder quite as much
Or back there I didn't have to look over my shoulder quite as much. Yeah, one of that. Yeah
What happened here in in Los Angeles? In fact here you look over your shoulder. You don't see anything. So it's great
Yeah, they're but they're there
We it's kind of like many apples here. It's like I'm
On a staff of a fairly conservative sounding radio station and then in nine o'clock
The master of understate media. Yeah, it gets a little strange. So okay
um
That's the story. I mean, so you're doing okay. I am doing fine
It's it's it's good to be home and and see all of my friends and
But I was calling I called George to see if the CDs were out or they in the store. Yes, they are and they're going like hotcakes
I'd love to be able to get one and have it autographed by you or
If the sea of growth. I said autographed for one of yours when we did I think of the fashion while we
You know autograph that we had a very jismal turnout although where we're up to like about 50 grand
I'll rate say even the end of November so we're doing a real great on sale right yeah
I think it's because they're in a border. You know and people just don't want to come out and see our every faces again
For a fate. Yeah, seriously the fashion all was a disaster
We had like almost nobody there and we still raised about nine grand. I don't know how the fashion
We had a big thing at the pizza lot which we did well there this weekend with the sawgrass
So we'll see we give the game based based on this this sawgrass idea has it
California last week
Now they got something called the Ontario mills ball
And they said this is a fantastic and unique concept in shopping and you've got to see this is a and I go
It's a sawgrass mills ball. Look how let go joins you. Yeah, what is the mall out there?
It's like um it's years ago that was there about 10 years ago, but it's like the biggest mall in the world
Well, you can you in California? Yeah, we think of a mall of America in Minnesota. No, no
Well, it may used to be maybe it's not any more the biggest but you know you've got to know what I'm talking about
Somewhere LA. Yeah, there's the west west endless gallery
Glendale gallery other. Yeah, I think that's a gallery. Yeah, which is the
It's disgusting. Well, they got a lot of really overpriced crap in there a whole bunch of junk and a lot of smog
I don't know about this
It was it was brutal for a while. Are you sure? It was a solid smog for a month. Yeah
You know and
And the people you know, I thought Miami they drove crazy in Miami and I forgot how nuts they are here
You have a least they go somewhere there
In the ghetto so when I go is it I leave it night. What is it in Watts? It's actually I shouldn't say the ghetto
It's a working class part of Los Angeles called Korea town, but it is a part of the city they got burned during the 92 riots
In fact, I don't know if you knew this but the the the closest KFI during the riots had to broadcast from a remote site because they had
National guards around in the station
So I leave there at I don't know 12 15 at night and I got to go up Normandy
Which is the Normandy of course Normandy the flashpoint of the riot right and I'm doing like now
Yeah, it's it's brutal
We don't have some of the old j-stuff started a nice couple a-sa I couldn't care when but everybody else thinks it's great
So I guess I'm gonna have to talk about yeah, you got to do it
but you know
And
Well our panthers are doing good one night night and
I looked terrific and look really flat to me they played pretty crappy Kevin Stevens
I think needs a couple more drinks will be all done
Then the hockey games are out here they both do they both talk about 15 and night and neither one of them's any good
No, but he is not drawing anybody are you kidding me? Well, they got 15,000
For their last home game well that has to be the biggest part they've had all year because most of the games I've watched you could have your own section
And they've been announcing like 12 5 and 12 8 they're not drawn
And they the anion I'm putting the mighty ducks they do draw yeah, they're lucky
But that's a Disney thing though. Yeah, but they do draw they just change the name of the angels to the anion
Yeah, that's a term around yeah
That'll really try to get an Austrian other 10 years
So we got we I don't even want to tell you what's going on here because I don't want to get you to depressed
Well, what do you mean in terms of the station in terms of it?
Yeah, and to well in terms of all of the above you know, it's just when we first moved into the new studio over here
Which we got around do I think on the 10th of October and it you know like I said looked really
Play-tool and they were like really so you know what can we do for you?
Whatever you want and this and that and then we started trying to work with this stuff for a couple of days
And all of us including me were in here like till 10 o'clock midnight every night
Loading stuff because the way you know
Roy Presman is the chief engineer is a real asshole
No, he is
And any he started telling us well, you know those parts you got 30 days to get rid of all the curts
He started laying down all this crap and being like a dictator
Yeah, and in the meantime we got a whole room full of cards still stacked up the machining and all the work that we did on these mini-d's
You know these mini CDs we loaded all this stuff on mini CDs and what you know who is smoking?
Oh, yeah, you know who is smoking there. Yeah, so I come back from vacation. I get it. We get a memo wait to hear this
I come back from nine great days in Rome the weather was great
I had the time of my life. I felt great come in here the first day on Tuesday like two days ago
There's a memo from our illustrious program director finally got off the floor a lot of to put out a memo and it says
According to our chief engineer no smoking will be allowed in this building absolutely except for you know who
Oh boy. Yeah, talk about a knife in my back. Okay, so today we all decided well you know who can be anybody
So George's you know who and Wayne and Adam and suds everybody here is you know who and we're all smoking up a storm today
It's a w. I. D. Smoking day. Well was you know who supposed supposed to be you. Yeah, it was you I assume yes
I was thinking it might be Steve no
I think he goes out and stands in the parking lot in between hanging out in the truck of his car for hours at a time
No smoking except for you know who so I'm gonna win a vacation of course
They played a lot of best uptakes and I had they were old tapes and they had a bunch of GDs in there with my
bucket course body bought happy to be listening last Monday and it were like 75 GDs in the first hour
And of course he was making a friday phone calls. What's going on with that GD place?
They're not gonna stuff actually now the new deal is George has got to like spend 45 hours a day editing out GDs from the old best uptakes
Oh boy. Yeah, you know what they have here the best of
System that they have here at the CD
These guys it's amazing the alarm watching them as I'm doing the show the horn off turns around and he edits
This is the compact disc as we're doing the show because they do and they do best of overnight
They do an hour of my show this kid's editing the thing as we go and it's ready to go at midnight
It's just get the compact. Yes. We don't want to get carried away
It's like it's it's incredible
Some of the technology some of it is I don't want to push through all right too much, you know
Really boy. Oh man. Oh man. This guy makes much ween seem like a good humor man
This is the sourest the most arrogant though
He thinks like all sheep engineers he thinks he runs the joint this guy's a maniac
And I had a fight this guy to get to DCS in here
We have practically world war three I'd have a bad of a big meeting with a big triumvirate from packs and the broadcast thing
They get to DCS in there and he's a broken man now. So his new deal is he's gonna get that fast
He just stopped smoking and Arnomat or what I'd say that's the new deal
Re time happy equipment don't work, but he's worried about who smoking or not. Oh boy. It's all believe it. It's incredible
Is it better or worse so far? I would say on a scale zero. It's minus infinity
I know they're pretty much leaving me alone, but but we got Ron and Ron in the morning
We came in here one day a couple weeks ago
To check the joint out and Ron Diaz this guy have you ever seen these guys? He's a big guy
He's a big guy. I said that he's like he could be a tumestall he could be a
He's like an Indian
Because like our store Indian yeah
He's like a totem pool this guy. I said they ought to stick about in front of some old bingo over here in Hollywood
He just got he never cracks a smile and then the tool came in here the little guy Bennington has got not red locks
He's got deadlocks. He's got drill locks that are so chmutzie and so full of crap that you know
There's stuff crawling around of there the most bizarre looking guys. I mean they make us look good
I've never seen anything like him and of course all they talk about is racist crap about the rights and same
Pete which I have no idea what the people here care about they you know right so I come on at 10 o'clock
And I feel like I'm coming from five years of dead air
Then Rick and Sudden they have to do the course are we negotiating their deal and having very little success to that and
Then deep will of course flew the coop and I heard it. I heard you and the dolphins of course all the sports are going over there for a
gigantic ridiculous amount was two and it's gonna lose their ass but
And the reason we have we have no show we got we got a man did hang it on at night because still dolphins season over
He'll be gone. Yeah, so at the end of the summer we have no programming from six p.m. The six a.m. What?
What happened with the dolphins? I mean I thought that that was the whole corner start of the well
I mean how they can put up like three seven million plus millions of for freebies all kinds of stuff
And they just reached the point where was you know, it was gonna be a losing proposition. Oh get a lot of this
There was a guy just that there's those sports radio in Los Angeles
But there's one space out of San Diego called extra which has seven D7000 right right as the Mexican government is right right
And they get into LA well
We could go these guys down there who do the afternoon show did a
Guess what I think dear doors interview no and it made the paper
Three people call their show. I don't know whether they were calling for Miami or here or what and they call them
Because so what is it like film Henry's been on the year six weeks and you're already copied as I call
And the dude the host of the shows is oh no, no, we'll do what that the bill Henry guy does
I was down in Miami two years ago for the Super Bowl. I heard that whole Brian Cox thing
That's like and you know you know to be able to what I'm doing
You guys are doing some phony dear door thing and and uh so dear door threat to sue and one thing about Los Angeles
Where they threaten to see in Miami. Yeah, they will see here. Yeah, the most with the edges
Well, I'm sending them all down here because if you are just having a suit cocks up there because
Cox broadcasting I'm discovering. I don't want to mention any particular lawsuits
But they're like paying off everybody. I mean all you got to do is to them and look at them ugly. They're okay. Here's some money
You know what I you're right. We can't see anything specific. No, and I'm hearing stuff. Yeah
It's weird and I talked to a norm about the thing and norms like ready to hang himself
You know over that bill anyway. Yeah, I didn't think the norm was hung but
But why no no interest you know while we're hanging in there. We're doing the best we can
We have no idea what the trend was we have a program director who's walking around kind of in coherent
Who does about sixteen different shifts a week now?
Seriously, we have no programming from eight o'clock at night. They play best Iran and Ron tapes
Because they haven't figured out who to put on at night
We got that Ron bar sports abortion overnight from the West Coast
Which we got 75 different sports shows on as you know no audience
And we got long as the news department
What is doing the news in the morning and that's it right and then we got the traffic guys stumbles through the news at noon every day
Which traffic that is our news department and suds does the news and afternoon drive
Yeah
Well, I just shouldn't laugh
Really should laugh I'm gonna give you two chuckles anyway, but I when you come and go
I'll tell you that when you come and rise now, but when you come and back
Well, I don't know I I sure would like to plan a little pair of beings swing
We'll put Rick and suds back in the morning put you back on an afternoon drive and see they they messed with a thing that was already
There was no problem. You know I'm saying like radio people always do. Oh, and then we got to consult them by the way
Oh, it ain't stable is yes
Yeah, but I like you you like you. I well our show has been exempt from the new memos that have come out about how we have to have
Shiny bright happy cars on the air and about how they have to screen the cars extensively and they have to like
Coach the cars and what to say. I mean it is so on
W. I. O. G. It's unbelievable. It's guys got no concept of what the stations all about
See he runs this Kayla sex out here. Yeah, and there you wouldn't believe it the Kayla sex is the LA version or they're trying to do
What we did in Miami. Yeah, yeah, God is a bad a body really bad and the Howard's on there right Howard's turn
Howard's doing good in the morning the rest of the station got to want something. Yeah, they got like these three guys in the midday
They call them the regular guys, you know like hey, I can relate then they got I don't know for sure
The two-hour show between two and four and they have this Ricky Rackman kid. It was all right
Love the name and then they got that cat for all y'all who you know is
Yeah, if you ever as a palmo but he doesn't have a show because he's running. Yeah, yeah
And I don't know what else they got some street kid on a 10 o'clock at night who comes on the kids from East LA and he goes
Okay, the elections are over. I don't know you pissed off
Very so
They got four conversations here in the oil and its old just right. It's a pretty bad. I'll tell you one thing
And since we've been over this new building the calls have really I'm telling you you never seen nothing like this
Old like they're dropping off. They have dwindled down to a precious few
I mean, I've been back third day from vacation. I'm already going on another vacation now
It's unbelievable
But we do have the billboards up. They look great, but this dude Sabo is is in your corner, right?
Major asshole
Major asshole. I mean this guy he has no clue what this market is all about
He has no clue what our format is all about
He's another one of these guys who thinks that you can take a formula and you can go from one market to another
You know I'm saying but you know as well as I do that this is not like any other market
I know it and he doesn't get it. Well the guy's from rock and roll and so he figures he's from hunger. That's a guy. Yeah, he's from hunger
Wallace and I already went seven minutes past a break, but it's great here your voice as a talk to you and
Well, I'm we'll pack your sandwiches. We'll make you a spread like it ever so I have a limousine waiting for you at the airport
We'll look up somehow. Yeah, some okay. He come back. Phil and
No, we're back. Yeah, come by
Oh, man. We love you, man. I'm waiting for a river in January
For what?
For a river. He's gonna be here for the king, Genie. Yeah. Yeah, you know
I mean, it's the only case to Florida here. Well, if that's all you got some look forward to like I said
We want you back soon
To be a later take your yourself. All right, man. I might be pressed now
120 suits of the YG if you want to get over and get a great lunch or great dinner any day of the week seven days a week
Okay
All right
Holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. Okay, check out
Oh
My
Tell you what's more before I hang up the phone
I got you
I got you
I got you
You have sex with me
You're right. I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone
Okay, you down. Oh god. What do you sell it at W. I. Damn emotionally spent after a hearing from Phil Henry
Oh, here's guess what it's still didn't get on after waiting all that time. Hey, that is shame. I'm really excited for you
Only in this town can we get Phil Henry on there and then follow it with that you know what I'm saying
On the leaveable so typical that there are no words to describe it
We have two open lines that he out of town lines one triple eight nine four nine W I O D one eight eight eight nine four nine
Well, I guess a regular every day for a couple of hours
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello
Hello, yes, ma'am. I want to you to know. I'm gonna take up donations
So that you and Phil and
They're reconfudging. I'll get back on your own radio station and tell the rest of them what to do
To blow it out there. That's right. Yeah
I mean this station was very highly successful the only problem was that they weren't making as much money as they wanted
And then all of a sudden in the last year that cox-ordered they started making a lot of money with it and
And then this right gets a hold of the station for a song they practically give it as a holiday gift and they start tinkering with it
Bringing them consultants and just the case and everybody out to door. I don't know what these people are thinking about
They're not thinking they got themselves a ninja jack
And they're basically a neat radio station and they're they're we're watching it to cigarette right in front of our push
If they had a brain it'd be dangerous exactly now one thing I'm even without one they're pretty dangerous. Yes
Oh, I might want to record your show. Why not?
Good because my kid moved away and he is dying
He has to have some tape as long as he don't do anything sinister with it. You can record it. Yeah. No, what he's doing
He says if he plays it up there
The guys he's working with will make donations and maybe you're getting invited to thevania. Yeah
Uh-huh. Where?
Come to where?
Pennsylvania
I tell you so very very very good place. Yeah. Okay
You know, I'm taking up the money to get that new radio station free. Yeah. Okay, sweet. We are we're waiting. Okay. All right small bills
Thanks
Open line of dates six two two nine four six three one and brow. It's how can there be open lines here after we just had till
I mean I should have kept a lot of taking a lot of calls for them, but that would have been
That would have been a good idea
I want to subjecting back to this again. He's probably getting spoiled with lots of great calls out there and with that LA
Ambiance that kind of real boring crowd out there and real piste polyester LA crowd
130 and WIOG
