I saw he fits with say take it up your ass
Let me do me
Oh baby, I said a pop it now
Squirt Squirt yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said let me do me do
But hey, I said let's pop some now
I find little pill from all the way
Can help you sex that's what to say from the egg of a chicken
It goes clock clock no yoke it's a pill it really makes you pluck
the beat oh
Oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said let me do
Oh baby, I said let's pop it now
Every night at 10 you look like I had
Take a pill then do it again like a Spanish fly an afro DG act and you get used to feathers in the sack
Lepido be do
Oh, baby, I said a pop it now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said let me do me do
Oh, baby, I said let's pop some now
10 away to W.O.D.
Happy Tuesday to you. I am absolutely in coherent, okay?
I'm gonna tell you right now and I've told you this before sugar kills
Sugar kills I'm gonna ban sugar for my house, okay?
The next time I find any product that has sugar in that house inside the household there's gonna be a gigantic bonfire
I come in this morning I go down to Chris. We don't have any water
You notice how since this sale thing has been announced everything is like fallen apart if you notice that I
Can't even get my goddamn Italian program for my computer. How do you like that and Evan if you were any kind of a friend
You'd be over here with it right now, okay?
I'll be more than glad to pay for it. I'll be more than happy to will give you like a tip for delivering it
I want it now I go into two computer joints yesterday. They got programs for Spanish. I don't want to learn no esponial, okay?
I know Mama La Pina
Colada. I know all that crap
And by the way, we just had the new sponsor come in and you know what his name was Marty Cohn
Speaking of esponial seriously. So anyways, so they got French and they got German and they even got Japanese, okay?
Now who in their right mind? How could you possibly learn to speak Japanese?
Takes a long time. Can you imagine that? I
Mean one thing about like I mean if you got a half a brain like Italian I can read it
I can read it and actually make it sound like I know what I'm talking about
Because it's not all that hard once you start you know with the Z's in the different letters that are prevalent
You can read it. I haven't got any idea what most of it means
But Japanese you can't even read it much less speak it how to help at anybody who's like an American learn Japanese
Better do it quick though. Yeah, right like right now
While you're sitting there watching your Sony
But so I would have thought that Italian program would be very commonplace, okay?
And I got to come on to your day in beg about that
We got no water anymore because we fall in through the cracks on that so I come in this morning and I go out of the machine diet coke sold out
So I punch up the lip to nice tea since in that particular machine there's nothing else that I would even thick a touch in
Assuming of course that this is either got neutral sweet or it's got like you know just plain right
My head is pounding like on the it like somebody's got an anvil inside my head and is just banging away from the inside out
This thing this one little can it's the size of a
Ordinary soda can a coke can I
Look on a label now that I've sat here and drank the damn thing and my head is just just
Shrieking
Total carbohydrate 33 grams. How do you like that? I?
Look on a list of ingredients water high fructose corn syrup syrup and or sugar
Instant headache pill. I mean this stuff seriously. It's a killer this and the government is worried about our health
They're worried about smoking cigarettes and stuff give me a stick in break
So I rest my case on that so what are we gonna do about the water see we better start grabbing a whole bunch of stuff for free in the next few days
Yes, Sal come on Sal. I'm gonna have to go out there and buy a whole bunch of that sand pellagrita. You know, I like that water. It's pretty damn good
I really do. I love that plus they you know everywhere you go in Italy they got that they've also got a bunch of other stuff that you can't buy here
Different brand names, you know, they're like really good stuff
But man sugar. I'm gonna tell you and so anyway the Oprah thing
I was taking a nap one day last week and probably was one of the days after we had our big announcement here
Which I'm gonna be taking a lot of nap so I can see that very mostly between 10 and 2
And the phone rings and it's the fat man. It's fat rich
If it's not rimmer. It's the fat man every time I hit his on the pillow every time I think I'm gonna
You just a little bit of a rest there is that goddamn phone again
I can understand if the phone rings it's something worthwhile something you might want to you know hear about oh
Oprah's got the Dr. Atkins on I thought you might want to know. Why do I want to know that?
I wouldn't watch that fat cow Oprah if you paid me by the second
Why now what I watched that first of all talk about getting a headache just watching the pastel backgrounds on that show that alone
Forget about the fact she's on air looking like
The bossy the cow forget about that
But just looking at those silly pastel backgrounds, you know that's supposed to put you in the right mood for all the syrup that they give you on that show
And evidently and maybe we got some listeners out there that saw that she had some stupid nutritionist bitch on air
Reaming Dr. Atkins out and Oprah and the audience joined in trying to assassinate the man on a year and say that he's full of crap
Which thousands of us know that he's not
And I'm telling you right here that if the government cared about you're healthy be doing something about this especially
All this belonging about low fat low fat take your low fat and stuff it
Sugar and starch carbohydrates are killers and anybody who denies that including that bitch Oprah should be shot right on a spot
Right there on national TV the doctor atkins should have pulled out a piece just like just like Brad Pitt did in seven
He should have held it like you know on an angle like this and that said okay. I can't take it anymore Oprah
But I'm being that's it you dumb bitch
I mean this girl I just called me for the news here on Rick and suds that was almost in tears
Thanking me for saving her father's life by introducing him to the atkins diet all these type two diabetics out there
They're like shooting themselves up with insulin up the ass morning noon and night all these people taking these glinis and all these other
Oral medications for diabetes killing themselves and while I should be on a way to damn Pittsburgh for the big game tonight
I'm sitting here drinking iced tea with sugar up the ass and my head is just pounding like the hunchback of Notre Dame is in there with the
Anvil bangin and bangin and hockin away in there
So what did south say the water guy?
Huh? I think we're gonna make him an offer we can't refuse okay
1014 at W.I.O.D. Happy Tuesday to it the Red Wings are hanging on by the way last night
They finally woke up the Russians got the wake up call somebody made him an offer they can't refuse so they're still alive
Which is good because regardless we want to see that series go seven games right of course we do
We want to see whoever survives in that series just in case we might win ours which we're hoping we do we want to see somebody a
Survival air like after a bloody nasty seven game tough series and get all beat up so we can go in here and beat the crap out of them
So nice going Red Wings. It was okay. It was actually almost kind of an exciting game for them
1014 at W.I.O.D
Okay 1017 at W.I.D. So when she leaving so the rumors are now we might as well start to tell all these rumors on here since they'll be all over
Town anyway R and R which is radio and records the the Bible the publication that guys who are looking for jobs
Evidently and of course Mark Hoffman was looking in there because he
Unceremony's they got fired the other day here, but it's still working because somebody else is on vacation or whatever that's all about
Yeah, he was was he the first one
He can always write that in his memoirs
I was the first one to get the axe after they announced the sale of the station
So anyway, he's needless to say been thumbing through it and R and R as well and the rumor is let's see
I'm gonna be doing mid days on Zeta following Paul Castro Nova in the morning and Rick and Suds are gonna be doing mornings on she and
The cow is in the kettle and the cats up your ass and that's the rumor from our NAR okay?
See I have a feeling there's gonna be a lot of stories and a lot of rumors and a lot of lies and a lot of half-truths and a lot of BS
Going down these next three or four months, which makes it comforting to know you know because that's the nature of the business
Here's our first call of the morning from Davy really quick
Yes, sir on the acastas as a little book. Well, I have the cookbook
But I the back this is all the carbohydrates the content food content right I shrank it and I have it in my pocket with me
Right it's less that I want they shrunk mine too
I
Went to McDonald's in my girlfriend and I ordered a quarter pounder with only mayonnaise and it took off the bread mayonnaise
Yeah, oh how good a sure man
May I need oh Jesus and and
And I looked in the back of the thing is this quarter pounder with cheese
33 grams now is that with the bread of course, okay, so it's fine without the bread. I
Can't tell you how much it is but the overwhelming maturity of the carbohydrates is in the bread of course
I did a good job, then I took off the bread right all right
Thank you for the effort the lesson. You know if you go to I don't know if you like Wendy's
But if you go to Wendy's they will give you the when you go to the drive-through for example
You order like double cheeseburger with bacon or something just um without the bun
Really yeah, no rapid that way for you so don't have to worry about you know so that you don't have to feel guilty about because somebody's starving and you're throwing away the bun
You know, okay, that's awesome then okay, all right. Thanks, buddy. You bet
Yeah, that's a way to do it. So you don't want to get started heavy duty on the addkins again
Although actually I do because you know
Because it takes my mind off this place. No seriously. What are we gonna do about that Italian program?
I would like to find out from if there's really if those things work first of all
I don't mind spending the money and then letting it sit around because I bought the CD and cassette thing a couple of years ago
The Italian thing and of course you you listen to that for about ten minutes and then you put it in the broom closet and it sits there like a lot of other crap
You know it's really neat and interesting in the beginning, but you never use it
And I don't know that anybody is ever gonna learn any foreign language from those things now as far as the computer program
It would be kind of interesting to find out if those things work if anybody out there's ever used them and that if you can't learn to speak
I'm not talking about this textbook stuff see when I went to high school. They taught us Spanish out of a book
Now they teach you conversational foreign languages like because learning language out of a book in other words to be able to read it
But not to speak it are two different things because people don't speak
Buenos dias como esta oi, you know like one word at a time like that they go like
That's it and you better damn well be able to speak it or it's like useless. Okay. You better be able to speak it as
In on a freeway
So I don't you know, I can't really I mean I can pick up a little bit here in there
Certainly more esponial than italiano, but unless you get conversational language you might as well forget it all together
Here's a fort-laughter deal. Hello
I'll create you a
Neil son. I'll have a meal son. Okay. Yeah
So you were talking about learning Japanese. Oh and did you learn it?
Well sort of I've been trying to I
Teaching it to myself over the years and I will wait a minute. How do you how do you teach it to yourself?
How do you know what those symbols are that's the first step you learn?
I mean at least with other other other most other languages other than the Oriental languages
They use the same letters that we do, but when you start in with the Eastern European like Russian and those and Polish and
Oriental languages. They don't even use the same letters like all these weird symbols Russian isn't that hard
I mean my head a couple years of Russian and
Graspici
Yachachupiva
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, it's possible to feel a bit. So I know like 10 words, you know big deal
And
Serelek does a good job of making putting Russian in the print, but we're getting back to Japanese if you can you can remember
Two sets of 48 characters, can't you?
Hello, two sets of 48 characters. Yes. They have two two alphabets, actually
Oh, yeah, so that's 96.
But you use one at a time and one of them, they use all their foreign words in that.
And so you can just being able to read those 48, once that the characters, you can learn.
They use a lot of our words for their words, a lot of foreign words to them.
Come on, Sidice, in Japanese, douchebag.
Yeah, douchebag.
And douchebag.
I don't know if Japanese use it the same way.
See, if I were in a situation where I were forced to try to communicate with the Japanese,
I would just say, look, cut the crap, speak English.
Remember the bomb? Something like that, something subtle that would kind of like...
Yeah, but I wouldn't work in places like Hawaii where they own half of it.
Yeah. Everybody speaks English in Hawaii, though.
Yeah, but you don't feel like it.
And what language do they speak, brother?
Hawaii.
The Hawaiians, the native Hawaiians, boy, they speak like a gutterall.
I don't know what the hell that is, but they speak something really weird.
I was watching a little bit of that surfer movie North Shore again the other day
because everybody was running around naked.
And boy, those native Hawaiians, they speak like...
I don't know even what you'd call it.
Say Kahuna.
Yeah, they say Kahuna.
I said, oh, yeah, look at this, Roby Young.
And Wiki, Wiki.
All those great Hawaiian words.
Wiki, Wiki, yeah.
And in fact, they have a lot of words, but Mahi Mai is a word they have.
Yeah, they just say things twice, right?
Yeah, like Kahuna want to leave stuff like that.
And Lackanduki?
Yeah, okay, pal.
It's great talking to a great linguist like yourself.
Yeah, sure.
I'll read the dirge.
Okay, the Broward lines are all open.
I can see this is going to be a bit of a battle today again because it's the day after a holiday weekend.
5249-463-524-W-Y-O-D, and we have two open lines on the green lines.
So Steve Ziggler is in here.
Now I guess we're all through here in all of his stories.
I guess we won't be hearing any more of those, although there's still some possibilities now.
I guess if you read R&R, yeah, you better go out and watch it.
You better watch yourself because we got some new rumors that we're going to start spreading today.
Neils doing mid-days on Zayt or Rick and Suds are doing mornings on She.
And Joyce Coffin is going to be doing afternoon drive on IOD and the cats in the kettle, like I said.
Here's the West Palm on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Neil, how's going?
Okay.
I came down to sight on Friday night of the game.
Yeah.
The sight said I'd either pour the warmups there.
Right.
But you went to the game Sunday, right?
Yes, I did.
Was the crowd as into it as a Friday?
Yes, they were.
Okay, because I didn't make it there.
It's hard to be quite as much into what when you were in the only score one goal, but the crowd was great.
That's true to the game.
And by the towels again, as opposed to those flags, the flags they gave out on Friday were too big.
The blue ones, you know?
Too big.
Yeah.
They just were.
I mean, first of all, the dark blue, you couldn't even see them.
And secondly, and finally, most people wound up just making a lot of noise, clanging them against the back of the seats instead of waving them.
The towels are perfect.
They did the towels again on Sunday.
That's the perfect thing to give the fans.
Oh, but did you see all the cars that had the flags when you left the stadium?
Yeah, no, that's great.
But I'm talking about for inside the arena.
Yeah.
We did that too.
You stick it inside your window.
But you know, something even the original, the smaller flags, the white ones were better for sticking in your window.
Because the blue ones are too big and they like bat around in the wind, you know, they're all over the place.
But we made a hell of a lot of noise Friday.
And how you windshield stuff like that.
We made a heck of a lot of noise with those things on Friday, didn't we?
Right.
The whole third period of the show.
Friday was great.
Friday was a night to remember for all time in this town.
It looked like you had a good time when Jody came down and say, how do you know?
Yes, I did.
And then, you know, when his wife came over, I said, you know, Damon, I forgot I was supposed to get that kiss, but I guess, you know.
Next time.
Hey, we're any dolphins coaches on Friday?
A bigger pardon?
Where's Jimmy or his rain stump on Friday?
No.
Well, you know, something, there's a guy, there is an assistant coach and I don't know if he's an assistant coach or what his title is.
Have you ever been doing dolphin games?
No, not a long time.
Well, there's a guy that stands on the sideline.
He's an older guy, saying his 60s, who's like bald.
That's who's the next one.
And he's been there the last couple of games and I know he's on the, I don't know what he does with the dolphins, but I know he's always, I don't know if he's the team physician or what the guy is.
Somebody in the audience will know who I'm talking about.
And he was there in that spot.
So, you know, that didn't hurt.
Yeah, that's Friday night game when we were walking out of stadium with everybody cheering stuff.
That was the best hockey I've ever been to.
It was great.
That's the same. We couldn't do the same thing for the period Sunday.
Well, hey, listen, you know, you can't, Rome wasn't built in the day, man.
You got to take a one-winter to the time. We're in great shape.
No.
We're, huh?
This season already, I just can't ask for any more.
Exactly.
We're better shaped than the Red Wings are.
They won last night and they're still got their ass to the wall.
They still got to win on Thursday on Wednesday.
You should see them.
My wife didn't give me trouble all season going to the games, right?
And she kind of said, oh, man, I got in the playoffs and oh, man, I keep going.
I came home Friday night and she's sitting there telling me, man, did you see the work?
It's three teeth knocked out and she's getting off.
Yeah, see these other guys, what have I told you for years about these?
Pussies, football players and baseball players.
All I got to do was get a hang nail in there on the bench.
Here's a kid, 18 years old, he gets three teeth knocked out in the first period.
He goes and he gets stitched up.
You know, we're in his mouth a little bit.
He comes back and plays himself a great game and gets a goal to top it all off.
That takes some balls.
Exactly. Amen.
See this.
Like even a man which said these are the real men.
That's right.
Okay, pal.
See you. Let's kick ass tonight.
We have an open line boy.
I should have gone to Pittsburgh, you know, because it's obvious it's going to be useless here today.
Open line on the purple line, mobile one cell, 18 T wireless pound IOD.
Broward, Zipity, Duda, baby, 5249463, 524WID.
We got a dead bank there in Broward.
We got three dead cavernous lines sitting there staring back at me.
You know what?
And we got two on the green lines in Palm Beach, but that's to be expected 1-800-944.
Oh, Jesus.
Here's Richmond Heights.
Hello.
Richmond Heights.
Now, how can that be?
Have we ever, like, once every five years we get a call from Richmond Heights?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, I wish I even.
Okay.
Fire report for you.
Yeah.
Sunday Sports page, Kim Bo camper.
Kim Bo camper.
Yeah.
I have my radio set out.
He's a woke up.
He started the show by saying, just want to say, uh, and no white Neil says I shouldn't be
here.
I have better things to do in my Sunday morning, but I'm here anyways.
We're going to do this Sunday morning sports page.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was ripping me on Saturday too.
I didn't hear it bug out my spy reports.
Well, that's okay.
He does not belong.
He's, uh, you know, a good guy, but he's not a broadcaster.
And especially at a time when we got all this hockey going on, to have all these ex-football players
on the air pretending they know something about it, they don't.
They know nothing about it.
And all.
How can you fake your way through it when you don't know anything about it?
You know, two sports cards.
That would be like my being on there talking about part cheesy.
I don't know anything about it.
You know, two sports cards, did you, Neil?
No.
Man with said, the strategic move of the series was Ed Johnstone, who's at a bad tie at three
of the four games.
John Stone, yeah.
Keeping Barato in instead of bringing the wiggle it guy in.
Greg it, yeah.
All right.
That was the strategic move of the series and I'll get the advantage.
Oh yeah, great.
Well, I'm real happy that the expert is spoken.
Great.
All right.
Thanks for the nice.
All right.
Four, three.
Two open lines in dates.
Seven, five, one, nine, four, six, three, seven, five, one, W-I-O-D.
We have two open lines on the blue lines in Broward.
Same very slowly, Neil.
Okay, as your head starts coming back into shape.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four.
I guess nobody in this audience saw that Oprah show with the nutritionist
or wherever it was on air.
Give us any information about that.
The doctor was on air, Dr. Rackens.
I guess nobody saw that.
I guess nobody has ever bought one of those Learn Language on a computer program things so they
can fill me in on that as to whether it's another way to time you can actually learn something,
except for the guy who's turning Japanese.
Ten, thirty at W-I-O-D.
Like I said, where's the plane to Pittsburgh?
Okay, where's Buddy Bud sent in the private jet over here?
Okay, get me out of here.
Will you please put me on a private jet and take me up there to do something useful, which is the same.
He popped those highways.
We have an open line in day, seven, five, one.
By the way, our friends at Little Dragon, Dancewear and Costume Castle, 84, 15 Pines Boulevard
and Pembroke Pines won another free plug.
They still have rats for sale.
Don't forget we got the big game Thursday, so everybody's going to replenish their supply
of rats I would assume.
And it says for you listeners who are Panther fans, we have not run out of rats.
We keep new shipments coming in every week.
Please let those interested know that Dragons, Den, Costume and Dancewear, 84, 15 Pines Boulevard,
Pembroke Pines and Block West University has hundreds of rats just waiting to have the chance
to be holed under the ice.
So they got all the rats, they got rats up the ass over there.
Okay, so go while we replenish your supply.
Here's the West Tester. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Thank you for the rat I received in the mail on Saturday.
Welcome, congratulations to you just in time for Thursday.
Yep, that's right.
I tried to get tickets, but man, it was, it was vicious.
No, you can just stand outside the arena and throw it at the hang.
I'll throw it at the TV.
Throw it at the hammer.
Oh, and have you gotten my little mini poster of Felix Pop Van yet?
Yes, I thank you so much. I got it yesterday.
Okay.
I mentioned it on the airs a matter of fact, you were probably busy eating weanies or something.
No, I was the one who was at work, unfortunately yesterday.
Really?
Yes.
So there's at least somebody else out there who had a work on Memorial Day, besides us.
Yep. I got screwed.
Well, congratulations.
All right. Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot, pal. I love it.
Bye.
We have two open lines in days, 751, W-I-D.
Just take it slow and you'll just relax before you know it will be 1036.
751, 9463.
We got a couple of openings in Broward.
Now this is more like usual today.
This is more like the old times, no matter what it is.
I've thrown out 722 different things that we might be two of our gums about here today,
but they don't want to play the game.
Okay. It's just one of those things.
Here's a poppin'o. Hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I saw the Oprah thing on Friday.
Yeah.
They attacked that man unmercifully.
Well, how come...
See, what I don't understand is how come all of these people in our audience whose lives they could own a Dr. Rackens are calling in and ripping at Oprah bitch,
and whoever the hell it was she had on here.
I don't get it.
Oh, and that woman was awful, but the peep-
Nutritionist, my ass.
You don't know who was in the audience though.
One of your close personal friends.
And which one is that? Who?
He jumped up and came to Dr. Acton's rescue.
Who's that?
Do you have your finger on the old button?
Yeah.
Bob Link-Om.
BAM.
Now, you know, a favorit's told me that and I had forgotten that I blocked it out of my mind.
Talk about a man who's muscling in on stuff.
He ran that cruise, you know, the Dr. Rack.
Everything that I do on his show, Bob Link-Om.
It's not enough that he butchered us those two years with Vegas and everything.
Now he's doing, you know, he's muscling in on the Atkins thing.
What the hell, how does he relate himself to the Atkins thing?
Well, the woman was asking, how can you survive on 20 grams of carbohydrates a day?
And he pumped up that he's 57 years old and he does jet skiing and he does all kinds of physical activity.
Yeah.
And she said, are you sure on 20 grams a day?
Yeah.
And he says, yes, I am.
What the hell was he doing there?
I have no idea.
Maybe part of the audience from his cruise went to support Atkins.
Oh, geez.
Oh, God almighty.
I could write a book.
That's another part of the Cox Broadcasting chapter of my life.
Those two years with those two trips to Vegas with Bob Link-Om and this outfit here.
I know I was on one of them.
I was in there practically on my knees and tears in Bob Green's office that first year begging, please, somebody help me.
Somebody throw me a life raft.
Give me some support.
I might as well have been talking to my miniature pincher.
Anyway, I couldn't believe what I was seeing with his little insignia, his VIP link on the check.
Oh, Jesus.
If I wasn't sick enough from all that sugar in the ice tea and I'm really on my hands in ease,
I'm puking all over the place.
Have a wonderful day.
Thanks for doing it for me.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
That guy made my day.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463.
We got two on the green lines 1-800.
I mean, it's just some people out there.
Everything you do, every fart that you cut, they want a muscle in on it.
They want to take credit for the aroma.
They have to have pretend they got something to do with it.
What in God's name does Bob Link can have to do with the Atkins diet I would like to know?
And with this radio show.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I knew it.
Could you play that Panther song for me?
I got my buddies over here and they haven't heard it yet.
Do you?
Yeah.
And what's the story with that?
Is that going to be their song or how's that working?
I don't know.
You probably hear that.
What's your opinion?
What's my opinion of what?
The song.
Because everybody I know is that it's hurting.
It sounds pretty good.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
That's my opinion.
It's pretty good.
It's OK.
OK, man.
Keep playing for us.
We'll work on it.
Thanks, man.
OK, get out of here, man.
Two open lines in day, 751.
Talk about a one-dimensional group of people out there, man.
I'm not wasted my whole day again on the Panthers today.
I'm all excited about the game tonight.
There wasn't any game last night.
We're not doing another hockey show today.
There's other things that we talk about on the show once in a blue moon, OK?
I'm not going to sit here playing the same stuff day after day after day.
I'd like to find a few people out there just a handful who've got something else to say
besides where's my free rat?
Where's my tickets to the game?
Filled by the way, we'll be giving out more tickets for Thursday's game this afternoon.
I'm sure that.
Open line in day, 751.
9463.
751.
WIOD.
There you go.
Here's a deer field on the purple line.
Hello.
Good morning.
How are you doing?
I don't know.
I want to know where Evan is with my Dammit Titan program for my computer.
I want to know how it comes to somebody in this audience.
Hasn't agreed to come on down here.
I'm not looking for a freebie.
I'm willing to pay for something and you still can't get it in this town.
How do you like that?
Even when you're willing to pay for it in this town, you can't get it.
Anyway, you were saying?
I was calling about the actions of parents on all four of you.
I didn't see it but I know somebody that did see it.
Just like the call before said they did crucify him on stage.
Isn't that nice?
You know what?
That could be expected though.
You knew that would have happened.
Why?
Because of all the close-minded people and the nutritionists that are out there that do not believe this is...
Well, how come my doctor has lost all this weight and he had kids?
That looks better than he ever has since I've known him and is rave about it.
Everybody.
I fully agree.
I lost 26 pounds on it and you know what?
This fat-free crap does not work.
I gained weight on the fat-free stuff.
I hardly ever ate and I know three other people with the same thing.
They were exercising and gaining weight on the fat-free stuff.
Right.
Because they're just loading the sugar in the carbohydrates into their system.
They're eating an empty-bent fat-free donuts.
They're shoveling them down like they're going out of style.
Exactly.
And not even that.
You don't even have to hardly eat on the fat-free stuff you're still getting.
You do not lose weight on that.
It's very rare and if you do lose it, you gain it very fast.
I've got an even example.
I just drank that.
I'm so aggravated I could blow my brains out.
I drank that one can of iced tea.
You do realize I said it's got 33 grams of carbohydrates.
If I had nothing the rest of the day except water, I've already screwed up this day.
Yeah.
Does that help a lot?
I'm already screwed.
Yeah, you've got to make sure that it's on there because our sugar-free...
Otherwise, this doesn't work.
Damn it!
Wow.
In fact, we had a cook out for Memorial Day.
There were five people there and they all were on the Actions diet.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Oh, okay. I thought I cut out.
No, I just blew out one ear with that can.
Go ahead.
The combination inside of one month, combination, you're looking at about 60 pounds lost.
How do you like that?
Many people were stuffing their faces.
Incredible.
Anyway, I just want to let you know I'm going out to Vegas in August to the NGM.
I can't wait.
It can't come soon enough.
It only be about 140 degrees out there.
That's okay.
You'll love it.
I'll say.
The 115 in the shade and you'll be loving every second.
I'm saying it's I go every year.
So I know what it's like in the summertime.
Right.
I like it when it's like that.
So it's dry heated.
It feels like only 113.
But seriously, I don't mind that at all.
I don't mind at all.
Anywhere away from here is fine with me.
Amen.
All right, Neil.
You have a good day.
Have a great time.
See ya.
Now they're starting to pick up a little bit.
They're starting to pick up their ears just a little bit.
Their ears.
33 grams of carbohydrates in one can of goddamn iced tea.
How do you like that?
And why?
I'm going to ask on the ear since we don't know.
You remember the place where I got that I bought all that sand pellic rena water.
Let me say it again.
I bought.
I'm not just looking for freebies.
See, freebies are no good if you don't have this stuff.
I want to be able to have like 80 billion bottles of of good Italian bottle water.
Why does he say Italian?
I don't know because it sounds good.
Because it's from Italy.
And if I drink enough of it, I won't need that program for the computer.
I'll speak Italian by osmosis.
I'll wake up in the morning and say,
BUNGERNO!
COMOVALOGI!
Duschbag?
Something like that.
So we got to find out who carries who the distributor was.
It might not even be the same guy that had sand pellic rena.
Because that's good stuff.
I love sand pellic rena.
Not that I don't like the other one too,
which I'm not going to mention until we find out what the story is with that guy.
I think they probably got to him.
I think the boys got to him is what that's all about.
Yeah, the Paxen boys.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
OK.
Greatest weekend in a long time with sports on TV.
Yeah.
We had the hockey game Friday night and Sunday and had all the auto race and Sunday.
Auto racing, yeah.
BUNGERNO!
Not how that's good.
Well, I never thought I would be getting into the hockey the way I have been.
It's really an exciting game.
I mean, I'm learning more about it.
And like you were talking before, these guys are, I mean,
you get these football players, baseball players, they get a hang nail and they're out for three weeks.
That's right.
These guys get their feet.
There are a bunch of pussies is what they are.
They're real pussies.
The hockey player goes out there, they like, like, 20 studs, like stew barns.
They like, have a gash over his eye.
They get a few stitches.
He comes back, his eyes all puffed up.
He comes back and scores two goals.
He can't even see out of his eyes.
That's right.
He's with swollen up like a grapefruit.
And I mean, like, God, almighty, I just die.
I couldn't get over it.
I was watching sports center last night and you know how Chris Burvin gives all the nicknames.
Yeah.
And he came to the Panthers.
And I can't think of the names that he came up with.
Maybe one of the other listeners who saw it can give you a call on it.
But it was some of the funniest nicknames that he came up with the Panthers.
You know, it's exciting.
They're starting to get recognized.
Yeah.
Long overdue.
Exactly.
They heck with all of the sudden.
They're guys like Tony Bruno and Barry Melrose sitting there badmouthing us.
It's about time somebody with a brain and a little bit of fear and is starting to give us credit
besides the CBC.
It was really, it was really because I've heard you've been talking about over the past few weeks about how these other people are badmouthing.
Now, you know, these guys are players.
And it's so exciting.
I can't wait til tonight, man.
I am jazz.
I am absolutely jazz.
And thank you for really turning me on to it because I would have never been, you know, got this motivated.
Don't forget vinyl scored on I'd 4-3 Panthers.
All right, Polly.
Thank you.
Kick some ass.
Yeah, I said here yesterday, I don't know what the hell I was talking about.
All of a sudden I got that little twitch inside my rectum.
And I said to myself, there it is.
There's the word four to three Panthers.
I got that score.
See, Sunday people were coming up to me and the arena asking me for the score.
And I said, well, five, three Panthers.
I just picked that out of my ass, you know what?
Because I didn't have a score in mind.
I didn't get any inspiration.
Because to be honest, we've had new, we were going to lose.
Because didn't I tell you all along, it was going to be two, two after the first four games.
I told you that.
I'll never pick a score.
I was saying that we're going to lose because that would be, that would be a sour thing to do.
But I didn't know we were probably going to lose on Sunday and it would be even two, two.
And then I said, we go in here and win tonight and then we'll wrap it up on Thursday.
And I still believe that very strongly.
I'm sure as I'm sitting here right now.
And man, which can go on here because some friend of his told him to say this or told him to say that.
Yeah, he all the stuff that he pretends to say about hockey.
It's like somebody else, one of his pizons is telling him this stuff going on a year.
Oh, yeah, say this and pretending to know something.
He knows nothing about the game.
Less than nothing.
If they put the puck in his hand, he wouldn't know where to stick it.
Here's a four-letteredale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a question.
Apparently everybody wants to talk about hockey because of the game tonight.
Okay, I have a question for you.
What do you mean by that?
A couple of weeks ago, the arrested guy that was selling rats outside the stadium.
Yeah.
Composcated.
What do they do with all the rats that pick up off the ice?
Like I'm supposed to know.
Well, can't we find out?
Supposedly.
Can we recycle them because we're not going to stop throwing rats?
I would imagine they give them to, you know, poor kids in the ghetto because they're used to seeing live rats.
So they probably use to have rats for toys.
Yeah, that would be good.
That's good.
Yeah, rats for rats for rats.
No.
I like that.
Rats for rats for underprivileged little kids in the ghetto, they give them rubber rats.
I think Wayne is recycling you if he's smart as what he's doing there.
Sell them on the street corner.
Yeah, well, then he get arrested.
Not if it's official.
Oh, it's official.
Not if it's an official Panther rat.
It will be old Cleveland browns had the dog bound.
Yeah, we got the rat pack.
There you go.
But no, seriously, we have to be careful.
Call up to a bishop and see if he wants to come to the game Thursday.
Yeah.
What is it?
No, I would like to know what happens to all the rats.
Well, we'll find out.
I'm sure that one of our experts out there is a deeply into it.
Okay.
And the rats too.
Okay.
Ever a day.
See, there you go.
That's what they're concerned about is what do we do with the recycled rats?
This is the kind of stuff that people in this town are very, very into.
Forget about the fact that we had that big fire in the cabin on that plane.
Forget about that.
Okay.
Let's just forget about that.
Oh, and by the way, the guy that was like out there in the Everglades,
the one that found the black box.
What the hell was his name?
Jose Jimena something like that.
And he says he prayed to God to find the black box.
And he took his thing and he stuck it into the muck and he put the first poke.
And by the big, there was the black box.
And I was thinking to myself, it's really interesting that God decided to answer this guy's prayer.
But I would imagine when the fire broke out in the cabin and all those people were on board to play and praying to the same God to say their God damn lives.
And he all of a sudden, he must have been busy.
Maybe they were the wrong religion.
He must have been busy.
What day of the week was that?
It was on a Friday or Saturday.
There was probably some kind of a sporting event going on.
He was busy worrying about the odds.
What the spread was on again?
Did they cover or not?
Because when they were praying for their wonderful God to save their lives from that horrendous,
and of course the one now, is it comforting or is it even worse?
I mean, this is a hell of a question.
But people are going to be pondering this.
Is it worse to, if it's fixate in the fire and choked it at, then to die from the impact?
Is it a impact?
Is it worse?
No, I would rather...
Right, that's what I was going to say, because the impact, like that, I mean like your history.
You're like little tiny pieces like you never existed.
Immigrant food.
Although the trip down is probably not too pleasant.
The anticipation, even Carly Simon ain't singing about that.
No, seriously, because how long would that be?
What was it about 2,000 feet that they went and those down right into the Everglades?
What about 20, 30 seconds?
Maybe.
Not more than less.
Yeah.
So it's something that we probably don't want to think too much about.
But I don't think there can be too much question that they were as fixated by the fumes from the fire and the cabin and then in the cockpit.
And that's not exactly the most pleasant way to go.
But hey, we don't want to talk about unpleasant stuff, right?
Let's talk about the rats.
1049 at WIOD here.
That's a grand opportunity had been wasted.
For me, this result changed the way the playoffs feel.
I may be wrong, I hope so.
I have a feeling now that this Cinderella thing isn't meant to be.
I think Cinderella's glass slipper dropped onto the ice and shattered and I think it happened here Sunday.
And he goes on about it's going to be a Pittsburgh Colorado final and the Panther's wonderful season.
Still wonderful, even if it doesn't survive the penguins, we'll end a couple of rats short of a fairy tale.
And we were up one nothing and a bapapad is to that.
And then he goes on about the Sunday Panthers, weren't the same ones who wowed the league the first half of the season or the guys who rock Boston in Philadelphia and made the NHL pay attention.
They were the team that slugged through most of the second half of the season tossing away scoring chances skating on Thin Ice, bapap-bap, oh blow it out, you're ass.
William, we got beat by one goal by a team with Mary Olimeul and Yarmour Yager in the sand stream and all these other guys in arms.
So in that we got beat one goal, baby, 61 shots we had on Friday.
We got beat by one goal and quite frankly, after the first four games of the Philadelphia Series it was two games a piece, too but Greg Codex forgets that.
And now he's an expert right in doom and gloom you are so typical of everything that's wrong with his town
You piece of walking turd. I hope they blow the herald right up your ass
Okay, I hope they take you down there to one herald plazin string you up from the goddamn flagpole you jackass
You even if it turns out to be right because that's the safe side to write on because we're the underdog
So yeah, we blew it down the drain. It's not gonna happen. That's it. Mr. Negative over there at the herald
How the heat doing by the way? How's Mickey Harrison and a heat doing?
Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. How you doing?
Okay, one I'd like to thank you for the
involvement in hockey and whether for you I would probably never start watching it
I've got the answer for the rat guy. They do recycle and they bag them up and recycle because they don't want them back on in the arena
Nobody knows what recycle them to home
Well one of the companies that's posted on the edge of the boards. Yeah, is a recycling company and they take that the rats and the recycle them
What did they make condoms out of them or something? It's like a huge
At campaign you got a working going out and picking them up and you get the recyclers
It's all Wayne have I think this stuff and it's all probably money going back into Wayne's pocket great also
Was on the Actions last 25. Yeah got off the Actions game back 20. I'm starting back up today
Yeah, yeah, 20
Well, you know, you sure monkey to round here. I thought I've been doing that. I came back a few but not 20
I got back with my wife and I didn't have to be in Germany more but now yeah
I'm fat like a pig so I'm to lose the weight
I do want to however in closing say hi to my cousin Ray the King metal stainless steel bending douche bag
Yeah
Don't don't people usually in other words by the inflection of their voice to give you an idea of when they're done
You know, there was like an upward inflection on the last word like there was gonna be some more and that was I guess
That was it okay, whatever you say Jose
We have an open line on a purple line
We got one in date two and brown one in the green line
It's extraordinarily weak in its Greg Cotex column just it just my head is swimming even more than it was from the sugar in the
Lipton iced tea. I mean this is just such a totally negative thing we played such a terrible game on Sunday
I don't think so wasn't the most exciting game in the world. I don't think we played also bad
We had a backed right up into the wall to the last 11 minutes of the game and yes
So they scored a couple of goals in the third period whoop D. Doo, baby
This is a team that scored eight goals or more ten times during the regular season
The Pittsburgh penguins we played four games against them in his playoff series given up a total of eight goals
that's two per game and
Greg Cotex is sitting there
Opportunity wasted leads to fairy tale faded like doom and gloom like it's all over, baby
Boy, ah he is so typical of everything that's wrong with his town major major major major ass wipe
Here's a bokeh hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you?
I wouldn't season ticket holders at both games, but I I don't agree totally with what Greg Cotex says
But I have to say this one of the things the keys I thought to this series before you and that the pants
There's how to take care care of all the scoring opportunities
Unfortunately if you were at the game on Sunday nobody nobody takes advantage of all the scoring
Accoltonies, okay, I had point blank shots that they could have
To Barnes yeah, yeah, and the problem thing that bothers me a little bit about this is that they had the
Penguins on the ropes on
Let me ask you this if you are a penguin fan and you were losing one up in the third period
We might you not stop and think back to all the breakaways that Mary O and Yager had in the penguins made the panthers made all those great defensive
Plays to knock the puck away the last second was great, but I'm not talking about barassos
I'm talking about all the offensive chances the penguins blew earlier in the game and in the other game
Yeah, but I just the problem
I the problem I feel is that the panthers do not have the two greatest players
I think in hockey right now a yaguar and a mule and
Unfortunately the thing that I hope that doesn't happen
Well, then how come we beat him two games five to one and five to two and two and the two games that the penguins
Well, both of them are gold games three to two and played the penguins in every game in the last four games
Yeah, and it's been but unfortunately they've only come up with a split
So and the pants is I'm getting really the press that we only came up with a split
I think I think that if you would have told most people the last third of the season when we were sticking the joint out and dropping almost out of the
I think if you would have said we'd be in the in the semi finals and be two games a piece after four were the penguins
They would have gotten on their hands and ease and kissed your ankles. Hey, I I didn't know every almost every home game
Why do you sound so impressed? What are you so negative about?
I'm ready to get a goddamn gunna blow my brains out from this audience between you and Greg Kote
No, it's not that it's just that I feel in this kind of we lost the game and this kind of
We just got through beating the crap out of them five to two on Friday 61 shots about the first
61 shots
Well each game I think is gonna be different, but I just right
You know, I just feel that let me ask you something. What's the penguins record in the playoffs this year at home?
They're they're foreign there's six there no four and they're six and one on the road for at home
I'm asking you four and four so what's a big deal with that?
No, there's no big deal, but you know if you know the history of the penguins that they play better as
The as the games get down to the end and the thing that I'm you know that one happened last year against New Jersey
Different team. Oh different team. I think this year
This year this year Mario Lemieux is possessed. Yeah, and I think that you know that's maybe we better call up Linda Blair
Well, I just bother Marin on the line. Okay. We have to have an exorcism for Mario
But maybe he was trying to get it out of his system in game two the other night. I said I think it's gonna go seven
Yeah, I think it would be wrong with that nothing will be great. We'll take a lucky bounce it over time
We'll take it but we I'll tell you one guy that I'm disappointed with and I hope you agree is melumbi
He is I don't agree he has he had a lot of chance especially I don't agree at all
I think he's playing okay. He hasn't got any goals
That would be like saying I'm upset with Devorak until the other day until Friday because he didn't get angles yet
I'm getting all the games playing bad. He's been skating very hard. Okay. Well listen
Thanks for your positive input and I'm gonna blow my brains out. Thank you so much
Or speaks while he's whatever
Iod Miami Fort Lauderdale used talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Welcome good morning at 11 o'clock. I'm Terry Griffin with
So I'm reading the rest of this column by Greg Cotex. I'm serious. I am suicidal
The blown lead loss at home was devastating it says it was like Cinderella doesn't live here anymore
But left a forwarding address Pittsburgh
And then I get this last guy on the phone here mr.
Positive that wants to find every negative that we can fried it see
I knew this I knew that if we lost a game that right away people like this would become out of the woodwork
61 shots on Friday we devastated and we kicked their ass
We just embarrassed and ashamed and the goddamn mighty penguins, okay?
And now all of a sudden we get all these negative people here just like you're expecting this snick in town
Unbelievable
Friday night 61 shots five to two
They've kicked their butts exactly
And we lose the game two to one. Yeah, we blew a lead
But guess what not too many one goal leads are gonna stand up against the penguins you're not gonna shut them out very often
And so we lost the game
Wow
See this is what happens when you spoil people and all these so-called all these armchair experts out there
Towness well this one stinks to join out and this one ain't doing that. Yeah, well I got news for it
There's a lot of guys. They've all gone through their phases
The guys that scored most of the goals during the regular season like Melon B
Maybe he's not gonna have such a great playoff and guys that snuck the joint out during most of the regular season like Roberts Vela
Now all of a sudden he's playing great like goddamma Bobby or what can I tell you?
But hey, they're all experts and they're all sour and they're all real nervous and they're devastated
I don't get it. I'm not devastated. I wasn't happy to lose the game
But hey, we're in it right up there till the end. We had the power play. We had a chance there at the end of the game
We made it interesting and then we lost the game by the skin of their teeth
Oh
It's 1107 at W. I. D. I'm telling you the world is coming to win in. I just know it
You can feel it can't you the world is definitely coming to an end. I think probably before that game tonight
Here's North Miami. Hello. What a meal. Yes, sir. How you doing? I don't know
Well, tell with them me sayers and I god damn Greg
What kind of fans are these?
douchebags in other words if we were to beat them for in a row and then beat either Detroit or Colorado for in a row
One of Stanley Cup
Then this guy would still write something good in the paper
Then we'd still be okay then Cinderella still alive. Yeah, yeah, we're tied up two games a piece after four
It's a best of three series now including a home game here on Thursday and this guy's like he's devastated the faceless
Devastated the faceless are nervous, and this is the same guy that never wrote one column about the panthers all season long
They wouldn't know a guy named hockey stick if they shoved it up his ass
Exactly or
It's not to change the subject or anything, but got a little theory about that at Oprah deal
Yeah, when Dr. Bob was on it. Yeah
I think that
That Oprah's in with her advertisers who probably are quite a few to us next few food companies and the big food giants
Oh, yeah, they're not they're not too crazy about the Atkins or about that answer
Anything right they won't make no money and they're peddling other petty
You notice everybody in their brother now is peddling the low fat crap
Well easier to buy a by a steak and cook it and you stove at home and
And and I mean it's easier and it's cheaper and there's what the I you know the I can sign it thing right in
In addition to which he points out that if you're gonna eat stuff with the if you're gonna eat sweets at all
He's in other words you'd be and even bury sears in the zone
He says instead of eating low fat ice cream if you want ice cream once in a while
Have the high fat the regular without the low fat because all the fat it slows down the absorption of the carbohydrates of all
I sugar into the bloodstream and your insulin doesn't go a skyrocketing high exactly
Exactly how would that so the hello fat thing is one of the biggest scams that ever came down to pike yeah
I do realize cream
Then that's like some of these people selling sugar free products and you look on a label there loaded with carbohydrates
Oh my god. Yeah, it's just does it's incredible. It's the way he's that the criminal. It's really criminal
Well, yeah, because it's so like you said it's all dollars and cents. That's what it's all about exactly
You just got to know the reason behind the stuff and when when when somebody like Oprah
React to something like the I can tie it in that way you know something you know something
Right, hmm. Here's the same bitch that went on here
But it's about three four years ago with that optifast which is one of the most all the medical people tell you
One of the most dangerous ways to go and she lost all that weight in no time and then balloon back up
And was bigger than ever again. Oh Jesus. She makes me sick. Yeah, all right, Neil
Billion dollars. She's worth a billion dollars for that pig for LC the board and cow that's smelly bitch
Hey, listen Neil. I got a quick request. Yeah a little bit of James Brown that I can't get up
You still got that
Get up get up. I fall in a get up get on up. I'm brown in the back. You know the James Brown thing
It's on a cart Rick and suds get up get on up
It's on a cart and Rick and suds play it well hot nah might be on one of the CDs one of the best of something or other
There's a guy you guys play this play under something quite a bit. Okay. I'll work on it as two bonds is god
Okay, all right. They can't see you like
I guess Cinderella's lost her slipper. I guess the pumpkin just fell off the goddamn wagon
I guess the a rat there was a rat in Cinderella wasn't it a mouse or a rat or something?
There was one in the story there a lot of mice a lot of mice running around there
I think they were rats. I think the rats are at the herald if you ask me and I think one of his name is Greg Cotex
That's what I think the most sour article I've written read in a long time and
Thanks very much to this listener out there who sent this to me and ruined my entire day wasn't bad enough
I drank the iced tea and my head is swimming around like god damn Greg Lucanus, but
Man oh man reading this swill this garbage this caca
As in caca moondio Greg Cotex another expert now the one is mavens baby Joseph Gaki Jim Manwich
Hank Goldberg Jeff the fourth these are all a hockey experts man. They know their stuff listen to these guys
They'll give it the straight poop. You know I'm talking about that's it
Oh Jesus had a real question is
What locker room shower you gonna most likely be at which one would you like me to be in?
Well, have you have you been in the shower at the panthers?
Those are real men god that's embarrassing to me
11 after 11 at W.I.O.D. lose pounds gain energy get rid of nagging health problems
Those are the goals of targeted nutrition from dr. Robert Atkins who says by the way Oprah can shove it up a race
Only right out of his jockstrap. Okay 11th 13 at W.I.O.D.
Speaking of that here's a rimmer up in Pittsburgh, which is where I should be but he's up there because he's got the pictures
Pictures of what I don't know must be just let me just tell you this very quickly here the guys who disappointed you didn't show up by six a clock
Yeah, they were prepared to buy you dinner and yeah, yeah, let's cut the crap. Okay. Let's cut the comedy
I'm not gonna be there. You know how it is over here a lot of empty not a question of if it's a question of how much bull crap can you take that's
That's the game here at W.I.O.D. No, it's a question of how much how big your shovel is
Unbelievable. Yeah, I'm sitting down here
I'm sitting down here and then somebody faxes me over Greg Cotex's real negative column from the hero the other day
I just wrote it. Are you ready?
I already seen the clip. Oh my god. We're devastating loss and Cinderella's lost her slipper and this guy who never wrote one thing about
Us all season long the bubble has burst and it's gonna be the penguins in Colorado
And he's the maven now in the expert and we blew the lead. I'm gonna tell you something if somebody put a bomb inside the
Hero there was be too good for those people over there
Well, we just finished reading the clips up here. Oh
Talk about negative then I get a guy on here a couple of minutes ago another one of our so-called fans
Basically saying the same thing. You know jeez. He's all depressed and blah blah. Oh my god
We're like two games a piece with a damn penguins and we got negativity going on out there
And with a few bounces this series could be over for straight for the panthers right if you really want to get down
That's right. Tom Borasso had to play his best game and maybe a couple of years in the play-off. Yeah
For
That's for the beat the panthers plus we had 61 shots on Friday and one of the most devastating
Playoff losses the penguins have sustained in a long time in terms of being not just a squirrel
But in terms of being outplayed and yet all these people can think about as we let one slip away on Sunday
Well, I can tell you the panthers will be focused for this hockey game tonight, right?
And I suspect that this is could be one well of a hockey game
Pittsburgh knows they're in tough here their record on home ice is not impressive
They're for and for in the playoffs before the panthers are played exceptionally well on the road as they have at home and
Borasso
Obviously will play again tonight and he will be a key but so too will be John Dandee's group who's been sensational
And it's down number two in the goals against the Department of National Hockey League during the Stanley Cup playoffs
And number one, I think it's still as good a name absolutely. Yeah, they win last night
Yeah, they they came back they butched up all about tell you one thing Dino got tossed around like a rubber doll again last night
And then of course he lost his cool on that one and got himself a penalty after he got cross checked there
And that was although that was bad a diving penalty. How do you like that?
Carrie Fraser calls a cross check and a dive on Dino unbelievable
Well, let me tell you that I think that series will go set in games because I really believe that
Don't you wouldn't have seen the CBC because you're up there
But Don Sherry said last on CBC that if if Colorado doesn't win tomorrow night that they're done that fits for that Detroit will win the series
I believe that he's probably right. Oh absolutely
Meantime lineup change their wise for Pittsburgh
Possibility that they may get to work in some back in the lineup. He didn't skate this morning
But that's not really all that's significant because neither did Lemur. Yagur skate this morning
Yeah, standing cocky to Mike Lang and I said well, there's a good rumor. We can start
Yagur and Lemur are out there for the morning skate. So maybe they're not gonna play tonight
And he said I want to use that live. That's funny and
Well, in other words you try to tell me Mike Lang is stealing your material now
No, but that'll be in that'll be in Rachel's column tomorrow though. I guarantee you that right next to Bauwalt peak cow kick
I didn't I didn't come up with that phrase that was here. Yeah, that was Mike Lang that was very
well for the Panthers
I wouldn't be surprised to see Jodie hold back in the lineup tonight in place of Garpatloff
Well, I don't know. Garpatloff played pretty well in this series in place of whom I don't know
I think that Doug will make a game time decision based on the practice here this morning and
Who else are you suggesting that might be out of the lineup?
Who am I suggesting? Yeah, I really don't know. That's kind of tight lip dot it. Uh-huh, and I don't blame them
And we are here doing this family cup playups and you said it last week yourself
You certainly aren't seriously entertaining the notion that Strock is going back on the bench
And we're gonna break up our fastest line are you I'm not saying a thing. Uh-huh. I'm not saying a thing
What do you think what would you do if you were McLean and you were giving him the advice?
I would say Garpatloff if Jodie's ready to play. I would say Garpatloff he has played the well
I have no problem with ways play, but you can't you know, you can only suit up 20 guys and you have to have somebody sitting out
Somebody's gonna have to sit out and
Doug's kind of a tight lip dot who that's going to be okay
Best I can tell you okay
Well, I'm just sitting here you're up there. We're sitting down here. We're waiting for something really good
We're waiting for some big hot news
Well, there's even George just even George just said I hope this time
He's got something really exciting for us. That's what he said. That's what he said some meat some some meat
He says where's the beef he's gonna get he's gonna tear up peller in here. I gave you the beef
The beef is that Lemieux and Yard is that's not beefy. That's that's bull. That's not beef
That's bull. That's the wrong you're giving us a bum steer rumor. Well, I'm not giving you a bunch
Y'all I'll give you something that's not like the mad cow is what that sounded like regardless of
When this series ends yeah, Detroit and Colorado finish up their series the Stanley Cup finals will not begin until next Tuesday
Okay
Fox in fact will go with their Fox tracks live and prime time
Next Tuesday night for the first game of the Stanley
Now that is a definite I talked to
In fact, I'm gonna tell you something Stan Savard and the guy junker on sports beat on KBL last night
We're slicing up the Fox tracks thing like crazy, and I loved it
They almost redeemed themselves in my eyes. They rip it. They rip it in an ass
Savard's back in your good books that yeah, I talked to him. Oh, you know, I'll tell you one thing last night
He wasn't so cocky, but he never gave the panthers any credit for anything that we did
Nothing about the big one on Friday nothing about the 61 shots
So he's a little bit more humble now and like oh, you know, they got a lot of work to do yet
But he's not giving us any credit whatsoever, and I think that really sucks
So tell mr big mouth up there that at least you know, we better have a chat with Mike Lang who at least is fair and gives us some credit
Which Stan Savard ain't doing yet? Well, Stan Savard did say to me this morning
He thought that the series would be over in six games and the team the Winston-ite regardless
Who it is he thought would wrap it up on yeah
But what does that have to do with giving this team some credit?
Which he said we were gonna go a fall hard and fast those were his words and guess what it hasn't worked out that way
And I don't think it's gonna happen. Well, I'll tell you the Pittsburgh newspapers today are being very
very open and
very
What's the word cautious about the payments chances and complimentary to the panthers?
Oh, oh, this is the same bunch of guys that said Florida who yeah exactly right so they kind of turn the other cheek now
Mm-hmm and
They can kiss our cheeks and they think the Panthers have got a legitimate shot to win this year of course we do and
They know I hope I hope we win seven to nothing and ten to nothing the next two games
Just so we can take the box score from both games and stick them up Greg Cotex's ass
Well, one of the
Personally have that assignment one of the columnist was suggesting that now the penguins have the momentum and
Another columnist had absolutely not well
How can there be momentum okay in other words if we beat him five to two with 61 shots on Friday didn't we have the momentum?
There's no such thing as momentum if Colorado's a entity tried three games to one going into last night
Didn't the avalanche have the momentum in a short series like that. There's really no such thing as momentum
Exactly exactly each game is an individual entity and there's no telling what it's gonna be and it's been that way
That's why the game has been different. That's why I think Detroit as Bob Corridz
It's got a good chance to win the game tomorrow. Don't start picking on Bob cool
Okay, picking on Bob cool. Cool is God had a great game last night by the way we've enjoyed the telecast
Well actually I saw the first two periods we went over to Rod Winston the great
Steelers defense with back right cornered back. We went over to his restaurant watched the game there on a big screen
And we asked him to put on hockey night in Canada. They're very gracious and put on the hockey night in Canada
Telecast for us. We heard cherry in the coaches corner kind of weak yesterday nothing really substantial
Yeah, but then he was up in the crowd too
He had the probored up there in the crowd he was on again
He was on again. He was on again the second intermission. He was on twice last night
They really made him work for his money last night. Oh, I'm disappointed. We didn't stay for the second intermission
Yeah, he was not good. He didn't have nothing to say no
I asked the guys from CBC today if that series does in fact end tomorrow. Yeah in Denver if perhaps
They're coming down here. They come to Florida. What are they?
Not not not oh my god
What have we got to do? What do we have to do to get some recognition? You know what?
To get some respect. I guess we got
We'll be with us for the entire finals to the Panthers win the finals
I was just gonna say the only way we're gonna get respect is to get into the finals
Okay, you better tell those guys that's the only way you're gonna get to respect and cover you deserve is to win this series and get in the finals
And then there only be one game at a time so they won't have any choices then the rats became an issue
I guess on the Fox public house JD was telling me that he was critical of the Panther fans for the ill-time
The rat tossing that's right and
JD said it was really a disgraceful to see Yagra when he went to the penalty box be pelted with rats right and also
He felt that the referees in the lines been had to duck for cover when the rats came down on mass
Well, I have no problem with that apparently yesterday on ESPN radio
With the sports paper
Heart's that fat slot. Tell Kauharski have another donut much the same much the same one
Well, I guess the criticism and I and I said the same thing who cares about those people I said the same thing
I read the rat the rat thing is great
But you got to do it when after the goal is scored not all these other superfluous times and the problem is you got a lot of
A lot of these people that are getting into these games now are not our regular as you know
Coro fans are they're during the regular season so these people are just there to get drunk and act rowdy and throw a bunch of crap out there
They haven't got any clue what the decorum is or what it's all about and if they don't put a stop on it
They're gonna spoil it for everybody else
I agree with you could not agree with you more. Yeah, but I think that after this year this was the year of the rat
We've got to come up with something different next year
I don't agree with that at all
I want to see this rat thing continue forever. Why not?
Why not?
It was a good thing. The octopus thing is continuing forever with Detroit. What's wrong with that?
Yeah, but the octopus isn't for the rat thing. No, and of course I remember the game
We beat Detroit here two to one and there were asshole red wing fans in a stand through on live octopus
Toward the ice which weren't quite making it landing on people's heads
I know I'd really be much more upset by getting hit by rubber rat than getting a live octopus on my pulse
Yeah, boy are you full of crap? Boy, they must have loaded you up with extra today
Man, it's just pouring out of your purse the rumor today that I was telling the guys from hockey night Canada
I don't see as a reality, but one of the rumors that was floating around was if it's pretty good for it
It would go to a game seven. Yeah, they play that game here on Sunday afternoon as opposed to Saturday night
But yeah
Number one, yes, what?
Foster he will come back from the dead before that happened
Well, it's not gonna happen because apparently Fox listen to this Fox does not want to color rise a game out of
The igloo here at Pittsburgh apparently the Fox tracks really doesn't go over to well in this building
Oh, and they can't get like he goes over real well in every other building
Like I did here when the puck was up in the 10th row half the game right plus Fox would like to start in prime time on Tuesday
I think it's great for the sport of hockey. You know something there after they finish off the herald building
They ought to go over and see Rupert Murdoch next and take care of them. That's what they ought to do
The game survived well for like a hundred years without Fox now all of a sudden they're gonna reinvent it
I got a question for you. Yeah, we're closing. Yes
Did uh was there any word mentioned at all for the ratings for Sunday and in South Florida? Didn't see it
Well, it might be a good good thing for George due to call up to the Fox people in New York and find out because apparently the
National ratings were down George is gonna call up to the Fox people and find out the ratings
Now you're given George assignments from a Pittsburgh. What else is it? Yeah
He has a message for it by the way
I
Kind of like to know what the reading well, why don't you why don't you got nothing else to do the rest of the day
Why don't you call up the Fox people in New York and find out what they are
In fact if you were gonna be if this was a worthwhile call you would have called up already
And you would have given us that information because Rachel Alexander has probably been suspended
After he or be a be bow peek out kicker what it was
Oh my god. She's probably peeing on it right now after the embarrassment of that
Well, I get in talking about Bush league. I get you one thing the ratings on Sunday afternoon for the Florida Pittsburgh game in South Florida had to be phenomenal
Obviously the national ratings were off
It was a holiday weekend. Yeah
There was all about car racing. Well, I'm not I'm not interested
I don't care now you're starting to sound like Harry. Carrie. Harry was on her yesterday
They had the bulls magic game on yesterday. Yeah against the Cubs game and Harry's on her yesterday
Saying all the media are writing that nobody's watching the game if you're watching the Cubs today drop us a postcard
I'm serious
And he kept giving he kept giving the address
Riggly field the Clark and Edison Chicago with a zip code as if uh, you know, they have to have some reassurance that somebody might be watching them
You know who cares about that? Well, the Panthers are headed to the ice for their pregame skate great and I'm gonna go and watch
See what important. I'm gonna tell you one thing you tell your buddy Doug McLean if Marty Strock is not in that lineup tonight
He might as well forget about his ticket back home
Okay, he can forget about that coach of the year stuff because the fix will be in if he pulls that crap
Hey, you gotta go with the best lineup you can put on the ice well
That's right. I love Jody
But Jody's not fast enough to play on that line and you know that nine of that no, but what you want though is
You want your best two lines which is Barnes and Lowry and the shepherd and which is the Neater Meyer and Straca and Devorak
That's your best you don't mess with your best two lines
Neil you're the guy that tried to tell Doug McLean several weeks ago and Straca wasn't in the lineup that you got to get
A man and you can't go just because you have a winning lineup and mess around with things and you said oh, no, that's a bunch of bunk
Well, now you're looking at it from the other side
But who knows what he's going to do the fact the better is Jody how it can't help this team after all Jody's one of your biggest fans
Yeah, and Jody can help I didn't say so Jody I said if he's healthy to send Garper lofty Siberia somewhere for a couple of days
What I'm telling you is that Jody can certainly help with Yager and Lemus still very much kept in check for the series
You don't know when these guys might explore okay, Rimmer have a great day. All right, but give Vodjody a big kiss for me. I will see you later. I get out of here
Oh my god
We have two open lines and what did he just say can you tell me something that he just told us that we didn't already know tell me something George
What did he just say?
Two open lines and Broward which were losing calls here left and right like crazy
It took me an hour and a half. We finally had some momentum build up and now it's like death Valley days
5249 463 and Broward and two on the green line 1 800 etc
Here's the golden beach hello
Yeah, hello, I'm the one that's into the facts. I just wanted it. Oh add something. Oh my god add something to it
I was so
When I picked that thing up I said I couldn't believe that wasn't that wasn't today's hero
Yeah, that was just for you. Oh my god
No wonder everybody's on the verge of suicide in this town from reading that piece of crap
It was unbelievable. I said sweet destiny fades right. I mean the headline
I mean it was just like I said what the hell was he writing about and then I said
The first of all that let the the second gold Pittsburgh score was really questionable
It was a pick play. I mean there was interference on Murphy no question about its Molinsky bold Murphy right over
And the side of the net and that went in there and picked up the rebound
I mean he really took him out to do blatant interference and the koharski didn't call it right and then there's
Coat right or whatever you call him co-tex
Co-tex we held him 89 scoreless minutes
That what so what the hell does he want? I said the heart it occurs that this team's playing with
We're not talking about the Ottawa Senators here. We're talking about the Pittsburgh penguins right and the beaches got
You and younger talking to themselves if you see them after every shift they're over there looking at each other like what the heck happened
They can't get past them well
Well, I just wanted to say it's so typical of this time man
If you allow yourself to be dragged down by the negativity you'll be on a bottom
Or you'll be like a barnacle on the bottom of the ship all your life you just have to rise above it
You're right. I mean two to two. I mean they're they're right there. Yeah, like terrific games
Well, anyways, I just want to let you know that and I got my attitude up and I'm looking for big win tonight
All right, okay see it pal see it
Open line at day 751 w.w.w.w. We got two and brown. I still say we're gonna win four to three tonight
I still think we're gonna win a series and I'm feeling fine about that
I'm not having an nervous breakdown and I like having this every other day situation because like last night Detroit
Colorado I can watch that game in peace. No stress no pressure
I mean, I wanted to see Detroit win because I want to see that series go as long as possible
It kind of like we're one of those two teams down
But other than that no pressure and tonight we got the big pressure pack night. That's great
But anybody that wants to be negative or if we do wind up losing which of course there's a good chance
We will because the penguins are a hell of a team and if we do and they're gonna try to pee on our parade too bad
Because we're not gonna put up with it. How do you like that?
1131 at w.w.w.w.w.w.
She looks like a lady
What like a lady
Talk like a lady
But I got why
I
And funny I saw the bulls in your jeans
She look like a lady
Like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got why
Oh
You were my perfect
But how I was surprised
Not only do you have one but you're not circumcised
Oh, she looked like a lady
What like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got why
Between her thighs
Oh, yes, there is
1135 at w.w.w.w.w.w.w.
He had a tremendous response on that thing about learning languages from computer programs
We didn't get one stinkin call on it on the year
We had to guide the he was turning japanese
But that's most of our crowd
Uh we had a phenomenal response on the overthing with dr. Wreckens
Is about like two calls nobody else saw it and basically that's it
And then remember called here and told us nothing
Absolutely positively nothing for ten minutes. Thanks for killing the time women
Open line at dayed
7-5-1 we've got two and no seriously. Tell us anything
there's gonna be a lineup change tonight but we don't know what it is.
Jody House coming back in lineup is Garper Love gonna be out is Strachor gonna be out is uh...
who else could possibly be out? Who else could be out?
Huff is playing great.
Uh... I'm trying to think of anybody else that could possibly be out of the lineup
but I can't think of... I can't name anybody.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
And Kenil.
Yes?
Two spy reports.
Yeah.
The FTL that board operator you know his name?
No I don't.
Yeah you call them board up and he's playing the talk show host now.
Yeah whatever.
Okay he was saying that Neal is an insecure man.
So he better wears double knee pads now.
Neal is an insecure man and he wears the same shirt every day.
Yeah.
Second spy report.
The little experimental airplane remember you crashed two or three weeks ago?
So what?
The experimental airplane that crashed.
Yeah.
They recovered the box and the FAA the only thing they detected was...
All that stuff.
All that stuff.
All that stuff.
Okay we have two over lines in the Broward 5249463
5242WID and we got one on a green line, one in 100.
See let me just say this to you right now.
I don't care if we have...
If we got forbid wind up in a building where the light bulb is right next door to us.
We aren't going to be smoothing with Brian the board up and with Rick Spider-Man
and with Mr. Ego and all of the light bulb people.
Notice that we're a lot of people sucking around immediately when the announcement was made about the sale of the station last Wednesday.
But my feeling about the light bulb hasn't changed one eye out a nor will it ever.
And I always try to coexist as best with whomever you know happens to be up and down a hallway and that policy will continue.
But if they really think that we have any interest in anything that those people have to say, trust me when I tell you we don't.
Okay? And it will always stay that way just like almost everybody else in a listening audience.
They don't care because they don't listen.
Two over lines in Broward 5249463
5242WID.
Here's Sebastian.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What's going on ever since River was on everything's downhill.
Everything has died here to it runs to the point we got that last call.
Let's just tell you a lot.
Unbelievable.
Way away.
I want to say anything.
Because he didn't say anything.
He didn't tell us anything.
Well they shouldn't change the thing anyway.
They're going to win the series.
It's going to have some confidence.
I like some of those reporters there.
Yeah.
But anyway I want to thank you.
I've gone on the Atkins.
I've just got passed by first two weeks.
And I only need to lose 15 pounds.
I've lost 10.
And more energy now than ever.
Great.
And I really don't need that many carbohydrates that we're got for an hour and a half today.
So everybody was saying you know you can't get along.
I was a skeptical first but I'm just totally my mind's blown.
Yep.
My wife said it's an amazing thing.
And the only way you find out about it is if you do it.
And then you go to the doctor and you get the blood test and you find out your cholesterol came down.
And triglycerides came way to hell down as opposed to going up.
Which is you know it totally defies all the so-called logic that we've been talking about.
We've been brainwashed.
I know my wife doesn't believe it either.
We went away this week and I had my steak and lobster almost every day.
Right.
Get back on the scale a lot of time.
How do you want to go?
Last two more pounds.
Beautiful.
So she's going to start on it now.
So I got her convinced.
Hopefully now she's got all these allergies and I think I truthfully think they're all going to go away once she starts.
Yep.
So that's one of the things that happens to a lot of people.
Because we're allergic to all kinds of foods especially like well there's all kinds of different things.
Well it's like you.
You know sugar.
You know sugar.
The sugar man I'm telling you.
Sugar is I'm going to say it again.
It's the most powerful drug in the world.
A thousand times more powerful than heroin or coke or any other mind altering substance.
Sugar is a killer.
Is it drug?
Yep.
Well thanks Neil.
I appreciate it.
I want to call someone a douchebag.
Yes sir.
Very mil-vose place.
You're a douchebag.
Okay keep it up pal.
Two open lines.
It's a brow.
Broward's been especially brutal this morning.
5249463.
5242.
W.I.O.D.
And two on the green lines.
In fact one call from that real negative so-called fan came from Broward.
Just before the 11 o'clock news.
That guy that did head that was like a doom and gloom.
I think he ought to well open with Greg Cotex.
Make a match made in the heaven.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Tamarack.
Going once.
Going twice.
Okay now we're down to three calls.
Let's go to a lady in West Palm.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm going from my palm with palm.
But I don't really know.
I've been watching the Panthers ever since they came to, you know, ever since we started them up in Florida.
And I don't know much about the statistics and all of that.
I go to the game.
I watch the games on TV.
We even say the section over from where you sit.
But as far as the article that you had read from the hero of the Cotex guy, it blew me away.
I mean if anybody's watched them in the way they've progressed the past three years and they think that they've come this far in the playoffs for the Stanley Cup.
I mean it's unbelievable.
For this guy to write that we were playing Sunday the way we played the last third of the season.
Now guarantee if we would have played the way we played last third of the score, it would have been nine to nothing for the penguins in that game.
I was at almost every game all year just like I've been for the last three years.
And I know how we played that last third of the season.
And you know, Sunday we didn't play that poorly.
We just didn't cash in on our scoring chances.
And we got beat.
That's all we got beat two to one.
It was a tough game.
And that's it.
And that's all we got to do is write it like we stuck the joint out like all of a sudden the great team from Friday turned into a bunch of schleppers or something.
What kind of an asshole is this man?
Now I'll tell you what kind of an asshole is.
He's a guy that doesn't come to the games.
He doesn't write anything about it all year long.
And now all of a sudden he's an expert.
He's a bandwagon jumper that is fearful now that the golden ring might slip out of his hand now that he's trying to grab on to.
Right.
Absolutely.
And I don't see any reason why we don't beat them in this series.
I mean we've been playing unbelievable.
This is most unbelievable.
I've ever seen.
I mean let me say it again.
We've won two games.
Five to one and five to two.
They've won a couple of games.
Three to two and two to one.
Okay.
Does it sound like we're having a difficult time with this team?
Not at all.
They got a couple of lucky shots.
They, their defense have been ended up playing.
We say they got a couple lucky shots.
They were a hell of a team.
They're a great team.
They're one of the best teams in the league for quite a lot.
I'm not going to sit here and pretend we're playing the Ottawa Senators.
We're playing one hell of a phenomenal team.
That's true.
But we're also playing unbelievable ourselves.
Yes we are.
And that's something that these people have to realize and they have to understand.
And if they go to the games and they see the games, they'll know this.
Well that leaves most of the local media out, see.
Because they don't go to the games.
They don't support the team.
Right.
They don't give it any kind of guidance and tangible support during the season.
When we need some support to fill up those 2000 seats they're off an empty.
And now all of a sudden that we're in the middle of something very glamorous and exciting.
And everybody and their brothers on a bandwagon.
Now all of a sudden they're experts.
People that have never taken five minutes to write about it, to talk about it.
The Joseph Gackies of the world.
We got it there.
A dime a dozen, man.
Now we got a million of them all over the place.
Right.
And they're all experts.
Absolutely.
Well just keep your chin up.
Oh believe me.
It's way up.
They're doing awesome.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You have your chin up too.
Okay.
See ya.
Yeah, when Jodie comes by, I always keep my chin up.
We have an open line and a purple line.
A mobile one cell AT&T wireless pound IOD.
We got one in the green line here.
1-800-944-Rimmers-Killinus.
It's 1143-A-W-I-O-D.
When it comes to news, there is no second place.
You're either the best or you're out of there.
Animal parts here are believed by many cultured action.
Mendiz medicinal purposes.
None of which have been proved.
But because of these bullies, they bring in just tremendous money.
I mean, a lot of these parts are worth more than they wait and go.
The most famous news, talking entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
F-F-M.
Not.
So anyway, wait till you hear this.
It's 1147, by the way, for you time watchers.
And we get a call from George gets a call from Nick Lawrence off the year.
Who wants to know?
I mean, this ties in what I was just saying.
See, they have this incestuous thing over there on FTL on the light bulb,
where they're busy calling each other all day long on a year,
especially Mr. Ego, and monopolizing each other's shows and going on.
B-bop, I would just fake controversy.
And I have a feeling that they really believe that now that we're going to be owned by the same company,
that we're going to like get sucked into that same deal there.
We're going to be, uh, ain't going to happen, baby.
Nick Lawrence wants me to go on a year with him on FTL
and discuss what's going to happen with the Aaron summer show.
Now, I hate to break the news to you.
First of all, I wouldn't do it number one.
Number two, you're the one that's over there working for Paxen.
We're still in limbo.
Okay, the sale hasn't gone through yet.
Okay, Nick, the sale hasn't gone through.
So since those are the guys that are going to decide to make the decision,
who's going to be on Weirin, who's doing what to whom?
Why don't you ask them?
Why don't you put buddy put on a year?
There you go.
Call him up at corporate and put him on a year and get a listen and answer and pick his brain.
Nick Lawrence, ladies and gentlemen.
Ah!
Oh my God.
Okay, 1148 at WIOD.
We got an open line in date, 751.
We got one in Broward, 524.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Sorry you haven't such a bad morning.
Hey, listen, I just got back.
I just spent the weekend up in Pittsburgh.
And I got to tell you, I was at a bar Friday night and I was at a picnic on Sunday.
And you would think just by being around those people up there that they were the underdogs,
not the panthers.
The move was somber up there.
And up until the, I guess the last few minutes of Sunday's game, they didn't think they had a chance.
So, hey, to all those guys down there in Miami that don't think the panthers have a chance,
you guys out of here.
Right, amen.
Amen.
Okay.
Because, you know, I got to disagree with you.
I think that the panthers do have the momentum right now.
Up to a few minutes before Sunday's game, you know, they were winning.
So, anyway, listen, one last thing.
I don't buy that.
Nobody's got any momentum in the series.
This series is a Mexican standoff right now.
It's as even as it could be and every game has been different.
So, it's just, you take a one game at a time.
The other thing I was reading the papers up there the whole week and then up until yesterday,
they weren't writing a lot about the either team.
But when I was coming back on the plane yesterday afternoon and I was reading the paper,
and big headlines in the paper there, you would have thought that the panthers won the seventh game of the Stanley Cup.
I mean, you know, all of a sudden they win the one game and, you know, it's just everything is back to them and tremendous.
Well, thank God we don't have a two-faced media down here.
Oh, there you go.
Thank God we got Greg Gacotex.
Hey, one last request.
In closing, yes.
I'm going to be down in sunrise for the next couple of days.
Any recommendations for a sports part of watching the game tonight?
In sunrise?
Yes, sir.
We're real panther fans are.
Somebody will have to call in.
Okay.
And one last request.
Yeah.
Okay, get a new phone.
I can't understand what he's saying.
We have two open lines on the green line.
A sports bar in sunrise?
Oi!
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
You guys moving up to North Miami Beach?
Who said that?
Aren't you moving to station?
Who said we're moving to North Miami Beach?
Well, right off 441 I heard.
That's not North Miami Beach.
441 is not on any beach.
Last time I checked.
Well, it's part of North Miami, the city of North Miami Beach isn't it?
No, it is not.
Then all the way to North Miami Beach.
No, I don't think so.
How can 441 be North Miami Beach?
Well, I live pretty far west on 160, like, around 167th.
And it's still North Miami Beach.
167th and where?
North West 2nd.
Yeah.
So, 441's not far from it anyway.
My point is still going to be at the moment.
Yeah, I'm going to move over to the neighborhood.
It's what?
It's a bad neighborhood over there.
How come you guys are way up there?
Not compared to here.
It's compared to here.
It's from the causeway.
Huh?
You're down there on the causeway.
We're worst neighborhood in the history.
Oh, that's not there.
It's believed me, Neil.
It's not worse than up here.
I used to believe that right now.
Let me tell you this.
Have you ever driven from I-95 on 79th Street east to where we are right now?
That's true.
Yeah, that's true.
I guess you have to go through a little bit of work.
You'd have to go through Beirut to the public.
You don't have a helicopter coming out.
Well, Buddy Bud's going to be bringing us in his private jet every day.
So, don't worry about it.
Yeah, okay.
And yeah, I don't know what these people are crying about.
I watched that hockey game.
This was like a game of inches.
Yeah.
I mean, we almost won that game.
Right.
It was a damn tough game.
We lost two to one.
We got etched out by a team that supposedly heads and shoulders above us.
And we got a bunch of cry babies here.
I don't know what else wrong with these people.
What do they expect?
They're losers.
They're losers in their mind.
And then they just sort of put that off and everything that's around them.
Well, it's like that code text got out.
Move them to a 79th Street.
Yeah.
And one more thing.
Yeah.
I listened to them at work.
They forced me to.
And they talked about you guys all the time since that thing.
They call you uncle Neil all the time.
I don't.
I think they're trying to black buddy.
Let me say it again.
They can suck around all they want.
I'm not interested.
Okay.
We're on like a major radio station here.
We have we have eight million times the audience.
I earn every year more than their entire payroll put together.
I'm not going to demean myself to worry about a little league radio station no matter who owns it.
I'm not interested.
That would be so disingenuous because Bud Pax and happens to own both radio stations.
That all of a sudden we're going to start consorting with them.
It's ridiculous.
Yeah.
They're kind of trying to make it seem like you're trying to make all of all the board ops into talk show host.
And everybody's a superstar.
I'm just I don't not interested in playing on that playing field.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Have a great day.
Go find a lives over there.
Okay.
Well, you would like Bob.
Go find something useful to talk about like Pee Knuckle, part cheesy.
Get with it.
Are we going to put or am I going to go on the air with them?
Oh, I can't wait to be on the light bulb.
Oh, my God.
For filling a lifelong ambition.
We have an open line at day 751 W I O D.
We got two on the green lines 1 800 944 W I O D.
And it's also really interesting that some of the same people who were ripping me and ass big time.
Now all of a sudden that we're going to be bucked by the same owned by the same company.
Oh, Uncle Neil and bupabad is in that.
Oh, it's going to be like old times.
Blow it out your ass.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I was at the game Friday night.
That was like one of the best experiences.
One of the greatest nights in the history of the human race, especially in this town.
Here it's only like three days later.
It's Tuesday and these people are four days, whatever the hell it is.
And these people are like a half-sour now.
Well, I guess luckily or un-luckily I split my playoff tickets with another couple and they went Sunday.
But in the meantime, I watched that game and I'll tell you what it boils down to to me.
So I thought we played pretty good.
What it boils down to me is like the best player in the league made a pretty good playoff.
I mean, I'm not going to play at the end of the game with the back against the wall.
Got it.
Got a great benefit.
And Smolinsky got away with a bad interference and a legal pick against Murphy.
And the car's getting caught and they stuck it in there.
Well, you took it in and Smolinsky put in the rebound.
Right.
You know, that's all there was to it.
And I'm looking forward to a great game tonight.
My next game is Thursday.
And I so far have been to two series winners.
Okay.
I've seen them shaking hands with balls.
I mean, all these people that are so sour now since we know there will be a game six Thursday, regardless of tonight.
Hey, I can tell the game.
If they got any tickets, I guarantee there will be a whole bunch of people lined up to buy them or take them if they don't want to go on Thursday.
I was kind of happy.
I get to go to another one.
Right.
And I've been to two series winners so far.
I've seen them shaking hands with balls.
And I've seen them shaking hands with the flyers.
Right.
I'm counting on that Thursday night.
I hope they win tonight.
Sounds good to me.
That's the way I got to figure it out.
Right. That's what I'm hoping for.
Anyway, keep your chin up.
Okay, pal.
See you.
Always keep your chin up.
Okay. That's what I always say.
Get the knee pads on and keep your chin up.
We have an open line at day 751 W.I.O.D.
We got two on the green lines.
See another thing, of course, I made a bad mistake bringing up that thing about learning in a second language on that computer or through any other way, you know.
Because we got all these very phobic people in this town as soon as they hear about any other language immediately they go off the deep end.
Especially, I don't want to say a sponule.
But if they hear about it and of course in Europe, I mean, there are many, many people including those who aren't necessarily rocket scientists who speak two or three or sometimes several languages fluently because they got a brain.
Because that's the way it is and they teach it in grade school.
Oh, here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Anyone who's been following sports for a long time or anything and been watching the demise of baseball and football and stuff like that, all they complain about are people that don't work hard enough to ask each other to cry all the time for playing time and stuff like that.
Right.
We finally have something that works down here.
We finally have the panthers and I'm trying my best to be a fan.
But it's hard when you listen to the media and you listen to these other fans. All they do is complain about these guys.
They go out every night to give you all they got.
They don't complain. They don't have the high priced players that want to play in time or all.
Right.
You know, they give everybody their time, their autographs, their devotion, their...
I read the other day about how when they left after the game and they lost in the morning.
Dave Hides column, right.
I'm trying to find autographs.
Everyone was doing everything they could.
Why does the media continue to try to bring down something that we finally have that's so great?
That people have been waiting for so many years.
We finally have a team, a brand new team.
A bunch of no names basically coming into this year.
And you know, we're doing great.
Because we have a whole bunch of people like Greg Cotex just waiting for them to fall.
Just waiting for them to lose a game, lose a series, be out, have the year be over.
And then they can put put and say, well, this wasn't also great.
And now, well, let's talk about the Marlins because they just won a game.
How could you like the more?
How could you like the basins?
I've been trying to be a thousand fans for so many years and they just bring you down.
And I think people are waiting for the panthers to finally start.
Well, I mean, we got a lot of changes there.
We got a new coach.
I'm hoping I'm going to have my season tickets again.
I've already paid for them.
I hope the dolphins do well.
And they play the kind of ball that you can support.
But right now it's the end of May.
It's not a time that anybody should be worried about football.
We're talking about football on the year, like some of these sports jocks that are on here.
We got something phenomenal going on here.
And you're right.
We ought to be up on our toes about it.
One more thing about the font stretch.
I think what that's going to do is what it's done a lot of times.
If you really understand the game of hockey, and you've been watching for a long time,
you really know where the puck's going.
You know what's going on.
But you know something?
Let me let me say this to you before you go on.
No matter how much you know it, you cannot see it when they have that on there.
You're right.
And that's what Stan Saberone was talking about last night.
And he's been involved with hockey for years and years.
You just can't see it.
It just obliterates it.
It's like it's in other words, it's not even helpful as if you needed some help.
It just kind of like covers it up and you can't see anything.
And what it does is start following a little blue dot.
Right.
You know, you're not even watching the game of hockey.
A lot of things happen away from the puck in hockey.
Right, just like in basketball.
So if you know anything about the game, you know where the puck's going to go.
You know basically what's going on.
You know the goal is you're trying to not put away from the middle.
You know things like that.
But watching this from abstract, it's going to keep everyone from learning the game again.
And the same thing's going to happen down here with the panthers that happen to the dolphins.
I hope it doesn't, but I hope the negativity doesn't keep up because we got something great down here.
And go panthers tonight.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks.
All right.
We needed open line of broward 5249463, 524WIOD.
We got two out of green lines in Palm Beach.
We're quite frankly other typical.
1-800-9449463, 1-800-9444WIOD.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Any idea on?
Okay.
Good.
And John Brunetti should hang himself to help horse racing first of all.
Yeah.
Secondly, okay.
Sounds good.
Panthers are great.
And as far as that stupid blue dot, I watched my, the game over the weekend with my nephew,
who's eight and he can't even stand the thing.
So Fox should take care of that.
As far as the diet, Acton's diet, 7-week, 22 pounds.
My only question to you is this.
My triglycerides went up about 200 points.
I followed the diet very, very closely.
Yeah.
Any suggestions?
No, but why are you asking me that?
How come your doctor doesn't make you a suggestion?
Did you really kick my doctor?
No, but I'm not.
I don't give anybody medical advice.
I'm not a doctor I wouldn't pretend to be.
I mean, it's, and then for you to ask me that, I'm embarrassed for you.
You've got to find a doctor that knows something.
Well, there's not many of those people like that doctor.
Well, how much is your triglycerides?
They went up to a 300.
Man.
Never been over, never been over 100 before.
Yeah.
And in the last few weeks, they zoomed up while I was on the diet, because I just had blood work done in January.
Yeah.
Started a diet April 1st.
And what are you eating a lot?
This is the Neoronger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y?
That's right, folks, because here at the Y, we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet.
And you've never seen us spread like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious entrees you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican, you'll love the Y, because every night is taco-n-a-s.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game.
Our chefs prepare a lip-spacking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right.
Hair pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steaks, cooked medium rare.
Because when you eat at the Y, all the meat is pink in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual entre.
A red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It's lip-spacking. Good to chew. Vote for the mess.
So the next time you eat out, slide on down to the Y.
Okay, then just north of Percian Highway, off the number one, I get it.
One, two, eight, and go away.
One, two, eight, and go away.
Why?
Okay, 1207 at WI-D, so we're going to be interacting with the light bulb.
Is that the deal?
It's more, I think about that.
The more amusing I find it, which goes to show him, getting my sense of humor back.
Thank God. You're welcome.
We have an open line and green line.
We got one on a purple line, a mobile one, 18t wireless, pound IOD.
Tonight's the big night in Pittsburgh, baby.
It's game number five in our series.
We got the Atkins people all worked up because Oprah's a bitch.
We got nobody cares about the goddamn bilingual thing.
Although I am getting my Italian program.
And I'm going to come on here one day and about three or four months to do the whole show on Italian,
just to piss all you a bone heads off.
How do you like that?
That's right.
He's all I'll be saying.
Marron.
Yeah, Jimmy Marron.
He used to drive at Yonkers.
I still does as a matter of fact.
Jimmy Marron and Carmine the Red Man, those two when they start speaking Italian together, look out.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil, great day.
Yes, sir.
Hey, go Panthers.
We can only hope for victory and we pray.
And we'll kiss anyone's ass who gives it to us.
Sports bar in sunrise.
I heard a request, so I can only tell you where I play some good pool.
And they have a lot of TVs.
Okay.
It's called hot shots between Oakland Park and 44th on university.
Nice.
Between Oakland Park and 44th.
44th Street.
Right.
Nice place.
You know, nice tables, lots of TVs.
Okay.
There you go.
Neil, I don't care who buys the station as long as you don't go anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere.
Great.
And I'm also not going to be interacting with the people on the light bulb.
And I take great offense at the idea that, see, there are some people that think it's like a kindergarten.
You know, it's like a little playground.
And let's, and now we can play games with this one and play games with that one.
I don't operate on that level.
I'm not interested in interacting with the, with the 250-watt radio station.
Great.
So I don't have to light the light bulb.
There you go.
Great.
And neither do I.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Two open, goodbye.
Two open lines in Broward, 5249463, 5242, 4WID.
I mean, so disingenuous, some of those calls that came in here last Wednesday as you'll well recall.
Some of those ass-sucking calls that came in here.
Oh, you're a part of the family now.
What in it?
Yeah.
Geez, little Pipsqueak board ops who've got their heads up, Steve's ass stuff like that.
It's just, we just don't play that game, okay?
I'm just not an ass kisser and I'm never going to be, okay?
You got it?
Can you figure it out?
There's our friend that brought me the thing.
Thank you so much, amigo.
Look at that.
All right.
My pie's on.
Brought me my Italian.
Oh, that's a beautiful thing.
And was it, was it the right price?
Because I gave it to a George the money there.
Twenty bucks.
What?
Fifty bucks?
Sixty bucks?
How much was it?
He's not speaking.
Sixty-five bucks?
Yeah, I said, Tony, you can't get the, see, why did he tell you twenty bucks?
You got me.
What a jackass that Evan is, okay?
I told you it would happen to me.
Did I tell you fifty or sixty bucks?
Yeah, this is he-d Romantic speaks.
Of course it speaks.
It's the right thing.
Here's another twenty.
Here's another five.
Here's another sixty-five right on the barrel head, okay?
You almost passed out when we said we were going to give him twenty bucks and I don't blame him
because George told me twenty bucks and I said, what kind of a cheap piece of direct, what kind of program can you get for twenty bucks?
Even at Fatslob, Evan can't get you a good program for twenty bucks.
So here's the other forty-five.
We just wanted to have fun.
You know how this, and thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Profusely, you bet.
See, that's the way we do things.
We have our listeners go out there and run errands for us.
That's the way it is.
They come in here and he put sixty-five bucks on them.
We see it probably was twenty, but that's-
Just a joke, pal.
See, look at that fifty-nine ninety-nine plus tax.
So that comes out to sixty-five, huh?
Plus delivery charges.
Well worth it.
It's called Read, Listen, Speak Italian.
Now it's CD-ROM.
You can listen to it.
You can talk to it.
You can scream at it.
Associated press says, does it work?
And the answer is, how do you like that?
Computer shopper says, the best language tutor we've ever seen.
Mac user Ziff Davis says, transparent language has revolutionized computer-based language learning.
You'll be a digger with no time.
That's what it says right on the box.
You'll be a whop in no time.
And a price that said sixty-five guineas.
Okay, let's do a North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
You know, I gotta admit to you, I just hopped on the bandwagon behind the-
That's okay.
Behind the-
Behind whoever these guys are, right?
Yeah, whoever these guys are.
But you know, I'm really surprised at the real hockey fans.
You know, they lose one game.
You know, you think they'd have more faith in their team.
Those are real fans.
Those are just badwagon jumpers who got like one egg on the edge waiting to jump off the wagon.
I hope they fall off and break their leg.
Well, I mean, you know, we lost. I won't go.
Well, let me just say this to you right now, okay?
If we should God forbid, if we should lose tonight and Thursday,
eight to nothing in both games, okay?
Which is good as the penguins are that's possible.
I mean, unlikely, but it's possible.
I mean, I'll be unhappy.
I won't be pleased with it.
But I'm still gonna say to myself, this has been one phenomenal year.
I can't wait till next year.
Doug McLean is God, Jody Hall, Stu Barnes, everybody at the Beezer.
I'm gonna be ecstatic.
We ought to be having a parade for these guys, even if we don't win another game.
Of course.
All these sour negative people, man, they should be put on a goddamn bus and railroad.
And they should be tired and feathered, taking an entry and putting the coool a lossy river.
Look, I read in a sports magazine, I want to ask your opinion on,
have you heard of a guy named Steve Washburn?
Yeah.
What do you think about it?
He, we had him up for a couple of games.
He looked pretty good as a matter of fact.
He played the...
I think they should take him off the bench a little more, don't you think?
Because, I mean, what do you think?
Well, what do you mean you take him off the bench?
He's not up with the team right now.
Well, maybe he is.
I don't know.
He's like in bubbling under.
But he's not on the roster.
Oh, okay.
And one more thing I wanted to say...
He's not dressed, is what I'm trying to say, yes?
One more thing I wanted to say.
If the Panthers want to win tonight, you know what they got to do?
Yeah.
They got to get rid of Van Vee's, Van Vee's, what whatever his name is,
and bring in Lenny Thijkster.
There you go.
Okay, there's a good knowledgeable fan for you.
We have an open line in Dade, 7519-463.
We got one in Broward, 524.
See, have a conversation with somebody for like two and a half minutes,
and then at the end of the conversation they make a butt plug out of themselves,
which is great.
I don't want to say asshole, because I don't want to offend that guy.
Okay, let's do a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to bring up something about the Panthers.
I don't think anybody's touched on.
And that's their four lines against Pittsburgh's two.
Uh-huh.
Well, what do you mean nobody's touched on that?
It's only talked about.
Well, I think he's touched on that part, yes.
But my point is,
it seems to me every game that I've watched,
and I've watched all the playoffs in the games before that.
Yes.
Um, it seems that the Panthers just wear them out in a third, you know, in a third period.
And especially the fact they don't have Francis in there is a tremendous negative for the Penguins.
Francis is such a key to their power play.
He's a tremendous penalty killer.
He's their best face-off man.
I mean, you know, a lot of people are forgetting about that,
but Ron Francis is not Chop Liver.
Right. Right.
The fact that it seems to me that, you know, I mean,
Lemio and Yager were one and two in a scoring and league.
It seems to me he was like just a couple of slots lower.
Exactly. Right.
Because they, every game that I watched, it just seemed that the Panthers won every third period.
Whether they won the game or not, they won, you know, as far as their physical play,
and everything that they just outplayed, everybody that they played in the third period.
Yeah.
Well, that's all I had to say.
Okay, pal. Okay.
Keep your fingers crossed.
Yes, sir.
And your legs and your eyes, two open lines in Broward, 5249463524, 1214 at WIOD.
Holy cow, Aaron, come on.
I feel less, man.
That comes cyber buddies.
www.wiode.com.
Worldwide, baby.
From News Talk and Entertainment Radio, 610 Wiode.
I want to say it again, you know, I have heard a lot of stupid things on here
in the 30 years, six years that I've been in this business.
That thing right there where we got like the rejoin there,
and then all of a sudden it stops in the middle,
and then Fadek starts opening up a big push again,
and then we go back through the whole thing again, like how the hell are you supposed to know when a God damn thing ends?
You know what I'm saying?
How the hell are you not?
Oh, okay.
It's just more WIOD subterfuge.
It's just more Steve Nichol droppings is what it is.
We have an open line in Broward, 524946255,
so like screw it, you know, just pretending to hear that thing and lesbian and all other crap. Bull bike.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm Tony.
I think the fact we're going to win tonight.
Yeah, well, that's good, Tony.
Have a nice life.
We have two open lines in Broward, 5249463524WID.
Tony wouldn't know a puck if he shoved it in his mouth, okay, but let's give it a shot.
And we have an open line in Broward, 5249463524WID.
That's it.
Just hammer it in there with a stick.
That a boy, Wolfie.
One more time.
Hit him across the, that's it.
Little cross check in the back of the head.
Here's Coconut Grove.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I'd like to commend you on your promotion of hockey in South Florida here.
It's a shot in the arm for this area.
Tony's a shot in the head is what it needs.
They need a shot in the head.
On this Cody issue, he's a douchebag.
I think we should all call him up at 350211 and fill his voicemail up with hate.
Is that his number?
That's his number 350211.
Ash for his voicemail.
Ash for his voicemail.
Ash for his voicemail.
Okay.
I already shot a shot.
Sean's okay to me.
And then for the Panthers, they're going to win tonight and we're going to have a party here on Thursday.
Four to three, what's Greg Kotex going to say then?
Senator Relo just showed up again with their slippers.
That's right.
Maybe Greg's wearing a slippers.
Maybe that's the problem.
We should take him up on right in that 50 times in a blackboard.
I believe I believe make him do it in front of everybody.
Yeah, or else just get on a bus sounds good to me with the one way ticket to the entry.
That's how it's good to me too.
Okay, pal.
Good luck, Neil.
See ya.
Open line in date, 751WID.
We got two and Broward, 524.
And then of course, he's also telling you know, it's really balsy to come out there and tell us that Colorado is going to be winning the goddamn their series
since they were head three games to one when he wrote it.
Now of course it's three games to two.
And if by some chance the Red Wing should beat him in Denver tomorrow night, it's going to be three of peace.
They go back to Detroit for the last game on no Friday.
And wouldn't that be something if he turns out to be wrong on both series?
You know, when you've only got four teams left and you wind up blowing both calls, that would be pretty embarrassing.
Wouldn't it Greg?
Here's the lady in Laxahatchee.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi.
I'm just calling to talk to you about the ad cons diet.
Uh huh.
My husband listens to you all the time constantly and he told me about it and I lost 30 pounds in three months.
Great.
And it's wonderful.
I had four kids.
And you're still alive?
And I'm still alive.
Wow.
Well I had four kids in about five years so I need a lot of way to lose.
Yeah, sounds like it.
And I also wanted to talk about the panthers.
My husband's in a die hard fan since they started and we won tickets to the game on Friday.
And I'll tell you, I've never seen anything so exciting in my life.
Also you were there Friday.
Yeah, it was nice.
Boy, you sure picked the night.
Actually we came down to try to find you and we couldn't find you because my husband wanted me to thank you personally.
Yeah.
And we couldn't find you.
He kind of showed me the area you were in but we weren't really sure and I didn't know what you looked like so.
We were a little confused.
Well he didn't miss much.
It's okay.
As long as you saw the game, that was worth the price of the mission.
Well I wasn't a hockey fan before but I'm telling you, he has been ever since it started and he thinks they're great.
And I said, well if we could afford Susan tickets, I'd be there every day.
Every single game.
They're great.
Well that's great.
They really are but thank you again for the icons.
If it wasn't for you, I would have never even known about it.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
See you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
Hockey, the icons.
I've given some of these people their lives.
Okay, and what am I doing?
I'm sitting here getting calls from the light bulb.
Would you come on and talk with us about Aaron Summers?
Is she going to be on?
Call up corporate over there and see if she's going to be on.
Okay, I think the answer is pretty obvious.
It's going to be no.
It's going to be no.
I think they just...
I think they just talked about spelled that out in Braille right there in front of your push.
That that show ain't going to be on.
I mean, it don't have any sponsors.
It don't have any audience.
But other than that, you think she's going to be on?
No.
Oh God.
I'm telling you seriously, I should be in Pittsburgh right now.
This is criminal.
This is a criminal act.
That, you know, they always give you the big tease.
You know, they lead you on like, oh yeah, we're going to say,
how would you like to do the show on Pittsburgh?
All right.
Great.
Game number five.
And then while the station was sold in between, so we're not going to spend no money.
We're not going to stand you up there.
We're not going to go through a lot of work.
I mean, we're still kind of like the caretakers of this thing,
because we're overseeing it.
You're in the building.
But yeah.
Here's West Palm on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't, buddy.
Okay, pal.
This is your friend, the sign man.
All I have to say is,
Lemieux, Yager and Fox can bite me.
I watch that game on Fox, and it's so hideous to watch that.
That puck goes through people's laps and over their head.
Can't follow the puck at all.
They've made, they've made damn sure that nobody can see it to save their lives.
They block it out.
How can you see it?
That's right.
They do the, they do the slap shot, and then they do the red,
slash through it.
It's like, what are we kids?
Yeah, somebody needs to go after those Fox people,
and kidnap them and set them to a lot of hats here somewhere.
Somewhere really sick.
What's even worse is when they commercial break,
and they do those stupid robots that they, that that is,
don't you understand?
Everything is geared towards little kids, little kids, little kids,
little kids, little kids, that's all Fox knows, little kids, little kids,
little kids, little kids, little kids.
That's the whole mentality of every guy damn thing they put on a year.
Well, the penguins and Fox are two.
And I want everybody in the country to know that every all those little kids
are watching Melrose Place on Monday night,
and they're all going to wind up being a bunch of perverts,
and I think somebody ought to do something about it.
How do you like that?
Just to get even with Fox with slocks.
Yeah, well, I can't wait for the night.
I'm with you.
Okay.
I'm just killing some time in the meantime.
No kid.
Okay, pal.
So yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to go home with my Italian program
and spend all afternoon learning Italian,
then I'm going to swear it whoever the referee is tonight in Italian.
That's what I'm going to do.
Manage la miseria, douche bag.
Come on, sit and eat douche bag in Italian.
How do you say, come on, sit and eat strawberries in Italian?
Huh?
Aspiragi, that's asparagus.
Fressa?
Fressa?
That's in Spanish.
Is it the same as that in Italian?
No, it's very similar.
How about card chauffe?
That's artichokes.
See, I know these things.
I know important stuff.
Aspiragi.
Even you know that.
Aspiragi.
Very good, excellent.
All those Latin roots here.
Yeah.
I got a root for you.
We have an open line in the purple line,
pound IOD Mobile 1, cell 18 T wireless.
We got a pair there in Palm Beach.
We got a small pair in Palm Beach.
1-800-949-463.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello Niel, it's your buddy, Jim Bell Boni.
Jim Bell Boni.
I got a little poem right now.
Oh my God.
My truck just got stolen from Fort Lauderdale Beach about an hour ago.
Yeah.
My license plate is rat 27.
I was wanting to get help me out because the police don't want to do much.
It's got my offload of pants and stuff all over.
Rat 27, rat on.
What do you mean the police don't want to do much?
Well, typical police.
They didn't know.
They'd wait down 9-1-1 and they're about half a whole later crop shows up.
He knew nothing about it.
Another crop was hanging on the side of the road on an outlet.
What do you mean he knew nothing about it about your thing being stolen?
Yeah, we were here.
They didn't give a crap, yeah.
I'm sorry.
But I just want to get a little help from the list and I'm all like, all my rat trick profit is.
Well, tell us what it looks like.
What kind is it?
It's a 1994 Chevrolet, beige, extra cab pickup truck with my free rat with had magnetic signs on it.
And the license plate is Florida, Panther Tag, rat 27 with a magnetic tool box and a aluminum tool box.
And all kinds of coolers and grills we had a big barbecue yesterday.
And it's full of coolers and grills and a big blue top.
You can't miss this thing.
It's, uh, I just got to get a little help because I'm, uh, the wallets in there and all kinds of stuff.
Nice.
So what should they do, collogy up 9-1-1 if they see it?
Oh, just call me at home.
5-6-8-9-5-9-2.
And, uh, whatever they need from me for hats or shirts, I'm more than obliged to them.
Okay, Jim.
Good luck.
Thank you, Neil.
Appreciate it.
Okay.
Yeah, they're probably too busy out there with their guide, Dave.
Radar, traps to, you know, spend some time if you would have just had a low jack in there, Jim, if you would have had your low jack, you'd be, uh, having it on a way to be back right now.
Open line of Broward, 5249-463-524 and 200 green lines, 1-800- etc.
Here's Evan Chura.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's the story with the penguins and tonic water?
The penguins and what?
Tonic water.
Haven't got any idea.
The grass and fox were saying Friday that the penguins were drinking tonic water because they were dehydrated.
Yeah.
And, uh...
Maybe that's why Mario had the duck in the second game, too much tonic water.
Probably.
There's a special degree there that's called Kline, that helps them give them more energy for the game.
Right.
Is that true?
Well, I don't think that's unusual for the penguins.
I mean, especially when it went that four overtime gaming gets Washington.
They were just drinking enormous amounts of fluids in between periods to keep going.
And also, who the hell was it on, uh...
I think, Frantz-Wall Lemus said they were eating pizza between periods and at four overtime game against the caps.
Right.
Yeah.
Pizza and Kline, it'll do it every time.
Okay, Greg Cote, you suck.
Okay.
Bye.
Greg Cotex, baby.
He bites the big one.
Everybody's unanimous on that.
He can take the herald and shove it where the moon don't shine with his goddamn negative attitude.
Cinderella, Alice and Wonderland.
We didn't win a game.
We lost.
They were playing like crap.
And, uh...
We only got 61 shots on Friday.
And, uh...
We let it slip away.
Boyle, boy.
How could anybody be negative in the middle of this?
We finally have something really like Ripsnorton as kick and great going on in his town.
And we got negativity going on.
I say those people should be lined up and shot is what I say.
Shoot them.
Maybe in the ankle to start and then work your way up, okay?
There's no pain where there's no equipment.
You know what I'm talking about?
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
What a craphead.
I'm glad the guy sent me this because I don't read the herald.
Now you understand why I don't read the herald.
Dave Hyde has all these great columns.
He's been writing about what great guys the players are and how they've been so accommodating even after the loss of the other day.
And we've had all kinds of positive vibes.
And in the sports section yesterday in the Sunsettinal it says Panthers instead of sports on the section.
And the herald, what do they got?
They got Greg Cotex, okay?
Well, you know what you do with Cotex, don't you?
Here's a mobile in a higher Leah.
Hello?
Gone?
Mobile in a higher Leah, that's...
That sounds like the deadest line.
Hello.
There he is, like I said.
How is it, Alil?
Bueno.
How is it?
Bueno.
Multibene.
Panthers are number one.
See.
The number is going to be sterlic.
See.
Okay?
Yeah.
Mama La Pinkas.
We have an open line in the Broward 524946352.
No, she's our mascot, Mama La Pinkas.
5249463 and her brother-in-law, Maadi Kohn.
And we have an open line in the Green Line, 189449463.
They get so emotional when you say some of the love, especially Wayne's Hypnica.
They get very nervous about that.
1228 at WIOD.
I'm wired.
Bop!
Are you gay?
Are you unsure of your sexuality?
Being gay is a full-time commitment.
So before you sashay on out of the closet, pick up a copy of It's Okay to Be a Home-O.
It's okay to be a home-o.
Is a surefire way to find out if you're gay?
The book contains page after page of probing questions.
Like, how would you say the phrase, seven sailors suck slippery shafts?
Seven sailors suck slippery shafts.
Or questions like, would you rather spank a bear bottom or spank your monkey?
Oh, that's nice.
What kind of question is that?
I mean, if you really must know, I'm not really into cruelty to animals.
Well, with the exception of gerbals, I'd rather spank a bear bottom, bitch.
No, I'm sorry, but bitch isn't until chapter eight.
Pick up a copy of It's Okay to Be a Home-O.
It's okay to be a home-o available at all boys' time to rig the bill bookstores.
Okay, 1232 at WIOD.
By the way, on future days, I was just thinking about this.
You're something we have to analyze for the next three or four months.
When we have food coming here again, which is definitely not going to be today.
But in future days, when we have like flora's or any other, like whatever happened with that woman
that called on Friday, which is your J.J. Payno attention.
Remember she said she was going to bring food through your Friday?
She was going to do what?
Bring food.
Thursday.
Okay.
But my point being that from here on in until September, it's not going to be like the old days.
We've got a new deal going now.
In other words, it's the Cox people are out and the Paxton people are in.
And if you're one of those shared douchebag people or whatever they call it, I'm not too sure.
We'll give you a half a slice.
Right.
That sounds okay to me.
Depending on what they've done for us later.
Yeah, right.
Exactly. It's not going to be like the old days when you just come muscling your way in here and start grabbing a bunch of goddamn food off the counter here
and watering your way downstairs anymore.
You know what I'm saying? That's it.
Here's the highly, a hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, number one.
I'll pack this in an asshole.
And number two.
Yeah, and number two, you're it.
We have an open line at day 751 WOD.
We've got one in the Broward 5249463 and two out of green lines.
1-800-SPIC.
Let's go to Key West.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, when the panthers first acquired a Strocca...
Can barely hear you.
I say I can barely hear you.
Oh, is that better?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
When the panthers first acquired Strocca and Shepherd.
Right.
They won a series of games convincingly and easily.
This was at a time when we couldn't get out of our own way, right?
Okay. Now, it became apparent to me at that time that what was a very good team suddenly became an excellent team.
Right.
Then they went into a prolonged slump.
Correct.
Now, at that time, I was not worried, although a lot of panther fans were worried.
Including me, yes.
Yeah, because we were sticking the joint out.
In fact, I was thinking of calling you when trying to reassure you.
But, you know, a lot of excellent teams go into what is perceived as a slump before the playoffs.
Because they want to rest their players.
Now, what game is where you watch it, man?
We're talking about the last third of the season.
We weren't resting anybody.
We were sticking the joint out.
Let's not start sugar coating this.
We stunk.
Well, look, we stunk.
No, we didn't stay.
Yes, we did.
They were just cooling it.
We couldn't score it.
Yeah, they were cool in it.
They were just putting it into a low gear.
Right.
We were just waiting for the big moment.
All right. Now, Neil, you know, I don't know a lot about.
That's obvious.
All right. But I do know a lot about other sports.
Yeah.
And I know, for a fact, that many excellent teams just take it easy before the playoffs.
We're not talking about before the playoffs.
Your memory is so faulty, my friend.
What?
We almost blew the getting into the playoffs.
We had to win the last game against the Rangers to a make sure we got into playoffs and beat it at home ice advantage.
And we had a lot of help doing it because a lot of other teams stumbled and bubbled there at the end.
Well, they're going to do Jersey.
They're going to beat the penguins.
Now, but the stuff that you're saying is such a cacophony of caca that it's just unbelievable.
Well, I can't just accept the fact that we stunk the joint out for the last part of the season.
It was only about a month.
It was like the last third of the season, which sounds like 25 or 30 games to me.
We couldn't win a game for lover of money. We couldn't win a fixed game.
Well, I was never worried, okay?
Okay. I'm happy for it. See, that's one thing.
When you don't know anything, you're never going to worry. That's good.
That's excellent. Good point, pal.
We have an open line in like Bob Prince would say.
We had him all the way, baby.
Open line at day 7519 463 and 200 green lines.
Like I said, the rats cover up for a lot of lack of a knowledge.
Okay, that's one of the other reasons among many others.
I love the rats because they cover up for a lot of other things that aren't here yet, like understanding what's going on.
We just put it into low gear, baby. We were just idling.
Okay, and then we put the pedal to the metal and we said, okay, let's rock and roll and we're doing it.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
How are you, Neil?
Great.
I just want to start off by saying I'm a diehard New York Ranger fan, but I got to tip my cap to the panthers.
I mean, I really got to give them credit.
It's the greatest story in sports this year.
Absolutely correct.
And if they win this series, it's one of the greatest stories in sports ever.
But there are no named guys that are playing like a team.
Right on the verge of the Stanley Cup finals, this town should be having parades right now.
And we got a bunch of negative clowns out there.
No, if this was in New York, they'd be going obviously cup crazy.
Right. I want to ask you about the bea there.
I mean, you know, he hasn't played my just ever ever.
There were some games.
Even Eerie won the Vesna trophy in 1986.
I don't think he ever played with the confidence.
I don't think he ever handled the puck as well as he's doing right now.
I think that shrink is what helped him out.
Yeah. Well, I mean, I still remember that goal that he led in by the Pittsburgh that beat the, beat out the Rangers a few years ago.
Like the blue line.
Right.
So, you know, as a Ranger fan, I know I know that.
You see, let me tell you one thing about the bea's are until all of a sudden with about two, about two months ago when he got this tremendous added confidence and came back like crazy.
Yeah.
Is that even on games that we would win, even games that he would play well, he almost always would let in one greasy goal.
So long to line.
And now you're not going to see that just doesn't happen.
Okay.
Thanks.
Open line and Broward.
If I see there's a Ranger fan, he's got some enthusiasm for us.
He's got some rock bonus.
He's got some understanding of what's going on.
That's because he knows what it's all about as opposed to a lot of people just talking through their ass because they don't really understand it.
Anybody can talk, talk his cheap baby, especially on the light bulb.
Here's the curl springs.
Hello.
Curl springs.
Yes.
How are you?
I was just waiting for any ketchup.
Thanks.
I had to make a business call.
Me too.
Spire report.
Yes, sir.
First of all, it was in New York, off and on last two weeks.
And T-shirts abound in New York with Goflare to Panthers.
All right.
Ranger fans for Beezer.
And in Toronto to the Q107, which is the Maple Leafs radio station that carries the leaf games.
They've adopted the Panthers and we're big all over the goddamn North America.
Big time in New York.
I mean, hadn't they were selling them right in front of the garden.
I love it.
And also the other thing is this is Inside Tip.
The Fox Track.
Sail of A.
As of when?
Not too well.
I don't know if it's going to make the playoffs, the finals.
Oh.
It might.
I pray from your mouth to God's ears, man.
I pray you're right.
Inside Tip.
Oh, thank God.
From right from the booth yesterday.
I'm going to go right from here.
I'm going right to Shul after this show.
I'm going to go get on my knees.
Well, unfortunately, I happen to be the neighbor of, well, two things.
You know me from Screwy's neighbor.
Right.
And also somebody from Fox.
Uh-huh.
And not Sandy.
No.
Oh.
Somebody else.
And he was one of the guys very influential in it.
And I beat him up a little bit on Sunday.
A Monday.
And he said it's the days are numbered.
All right.
The best three of us of the day so far.
He said three of us are starting to hate it all.
I love it.
All right.
Thanks.
Go, go, go, uh, screwy.
And thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
See, uh, see, this guy hasn't talked to me for a while because I was ripping screwy like
a crazy, but he deserved it.
You know, he was really in a coma there for a long, long time.
But all of a sudden now into playoffs, he's like winning face-offs and he's playing like, uh,
just dynamite.
See, this also happened in the beginning when we got Shepard and Stracca.
And that is the, and also earlier in the season, earlier in year when we got off to that big start,
a lot of guys who've been playing kind of mediocre elevated their level of play because they got swept up in the U.
4 of all the good stuff that was going on.
And you know, they, they, uh, lifted it up a couple of notches and they're played too.
But what am I talking about?
Open line at Broward, 5249-463, 524-W-I-D, and 2 on the green lines.
Let's do a, uh, mobile and Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Thank you.
You know, is that recall when, uh, panthers were going through that struggle air towards the end of the season?
Yes, sir.
You didn't keep saying it's just the same.
Every team goes through it and they'll come out of it.
Yes.
When everybody was panicking and saying, oh, what's wrong with the panthers?
Yes, because you can't play, you can't play a whole 82 game season without going into a slump.
I mean, I didn't expect it to be that long, but I wasn't, uh, having a nervous breakdown.
No, I was hoping that we would have come out of it a little bit sooner, but better late than ever, you know?
That's right.
It was, the time was right.
You're right.
I mean, you're playing great now.
Yeah.
There's something else too.
Don't you think that, you know, like Pittsburgh, you know, everybody talks about Yaga and Lemieux, Yaga and Lemieux.
Why not?
And France, well, they're great.
There's no doubt about it.
But the panthers, four lines are so equal in talent that you don't notice anybody outstanding, but they're all really talented lines.
Right.
They're men.
And that's the one thing that separates us from all the rest of the teams in the league.
And I do mean every one of them is that we've got four equal lines out there that can do some damage that are dangerous.
And most of the other teams, I mean, you know, they got two top lines.
The third line might be pretty good.
And the fourth line almost never plays.
Very, very few teams have a fourth line that gets very much ice time unless they're way ahead or they're way behind.
Right.
All right.
Well, listen, that's all I got.
Go, Pam.
Okay, pal, thanks.
Thank you.
There's a guy that's, uh, some concept of what's going on.
He's got a little grip on it.
We have an open line at Broward 5249463, 524WID and 200 green lines dead in Palm Beach.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Alex.
Yes, Alex.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Um, first thing, um, is it possible in the last game, the panthers kind of like I tired on the third period?
No.
No.
Didn't look that way to me.
I didn't.
We just missed.
You see, the same thing happened in that game as happened in the, um, second game.
And that is, remember the first, the second game up there when we lost three to two.
Right.
We had a tremendous number of great chances in the first period and we couldn't score.
We just kept missing out and the Barnes had a couple of great chances.
Right.
And the breakaway.
Right.
First period ended scoreless.
And when you let a great team off the hook like that, I grant you we didn't have a one-nothing lead.
But we had about four or five phenomenal chances to make it to nothing.
Now, if it ever worked out in two-nothing on Sunday, I guarantee you we'd a one at game.
We never had to lost the lead.
Now you're right.
But, you know, when you give a lot of great chances to a team and they let them go by,
it kind of lets you back in the game and that's what happened.
Well, let me tell you, I learned about hockey back in 1974 and I lived in Montreal for three years.
And I've been a Canadian fan since then.
Oh my God.
This has definitely turned it around.
I've been living here for about five years.
Right.
And the greatest thing in ice hockey since then.
Exactly.
Those Canadians, I don't see them in the playoffs.
Now I don't see the Rangers in there.
I don't see the Flyers in there.
I certainly don't see last year's Devils even made the playoffs this year.
This is a thing a lot of people don't want to understand.
There's four teams left and we're one of them.
It's just incredible.
I think the BJA has lots to do with it.
I remember then it was Trident and we got a great goalie and I just hope we can stick up
with the team and win tonight.
We ought to be putting our lips right on the ice and kissing it.
All right.
Okay.
Take it easy.
Have a great day, play.
Thanks again, amigo, for my Italian.
That was a great thing and a wonderful job and we'll let you know next time on delivery.
We got guys in the audience bring stuff by.
See this is the kind of audience that you got to admire.
You got to love.
You got to, well, you know what I'm saying?
Instead of like wasting your time spending a lot of gash,
schlepping around the store, trying to find what you're looking for.
Again, I wasn't looking for nothing for free.
I paid for it exactly what it is on the thing.
I just wanted to find it.
You know, when you got something in mind that you want, you're looking to find it.
And sometimes you can't find it.
Anyway, it's 1244 at WIOD.
It's Moral Day Madness at Canada.
That's over. That's done.
Throw that out.
Oh, no, what was that?
Oh, no.
That's yesterday's copy.
Oh, there it is.
Throw it in a waste basket.
Thank you, Annette.
When you law for sex children from predator,
and we're there to let you know,
establish sex offender registries of convicted,
silent sexual predators,
and that the parents in a community and law enforcement have the right to know
that these individuals have moved into the community.
The best news, talking entertainment radio,
610th WIOD.
Sally, I know this whole thing is hard on you,
but honey,
your mother wanted me to give you her favorite diamond ring.
Oh, daddy!
It's beautiful.
I'll cherish it with all my heart.
Dad, is there anything Mom wanted me to know before she passed away?
You know, I was like,
well...
You mean feminine hygiene?
Yeah.
Yes, she did.
Honey, let's take a walk on her fresh and move back out.
Hmm, smells great out here, huh?
And so can you, with this.
FBS? Is it good?
Well, let me tell you, your mother always used FBS,
and she smelled like a field of daisies.
One moment, please.
What's going on in here?
Oh!
Okay.
One moment, please.
Okay, here we go.
Program. Hello.
Hello.
This is a test.
What are they doing?
They cutting back on juice in here or what now?
Because we've been sold.
This monitor keeps cutting out and cutting out.
I can't tell if we're on the air.
If we're off the air, I had to cut that off in the middle.
Because it ain't playing on this thing.
What's going on in this guy, damn joint, huh?
What are we doing going on some austerity?
Kicked the next three or four months or what?
Yeah, wondered before,
because the monitor kept cutting out.
And I'm looking at you and Aaron,
like you're not looking like,
when the spots were playing,
and it was cut in and cut out,
and you're just sitting there like a gab in a way
with our friend there, with our Julio buddy, and that's it.
So, excuse me,
and I have no idea what I just played,
but I'm sure it was really funny
if we would have heard the end of it.
That was a right.
Okay, 1248 at WIOD.
Well, we're just, we're just,
kill on some time now.
Okay, this is the way they do it.
Put us in limbo for three or four months.
Why don't we just go on paid vacation for three or four months?
That would have been good.
That sounds good to me.
Okay, it's the least we can do.
Wait till the playoffs are over,
and head to Italy for a couple of months,
where you really learn Italian right from the horse's mouth.
That's a way to do it.
Here's a call from Gools.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
First time caller or long time listener.
Okay.
I have two questions for you.
Do you know when the Pantist come in
in the Fort Lauderdale Airport?
No, I sure don't.
You don't.
Okay, and the other question I had for you,
when we go for the cop,
would you be on the...
That would have been something,
you know, something that would have been something useful
for Rimmer to tell us when he called before,
but of course, he didn't tell us.
Okay.
On the 8th, we're going to be playing the first...
the first Saturday is on the 8th for the cop.
Is that going to be an afternoon gamble?
Would that be an evening game?
That will be an evening game.
It would be...
And before Rimmer did say that there was a rumor Fox
was going to try to make it a Sunday afternoon game,
but then they don't want to do that,
because they don't want to do any games from Pittsburghs
and it from the Igloo, and as a result,
and of course, CBC would never put up with that anyway,
because they want hockey night in Canada on Saturday,
so it'll be a Saturday night game.
Well that would be great,
because my try is getting married in the morning,
and I'll be able to go to the game at night.
Okay. That's great.
Sounds good to me.
I really enjoy listening to you talk about hockey.
There's always room to learn more,
and I've learned an awful lot from you.
Okay, thanks a lot for that.
Appreciate it very much.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
We have an open line in Dade 7519463 751W.
So what was that thing that I was playing a second ago when I cut out?
Sailing?
On you.
But honey.
We need to give you her...
Daddy, it's beautiful.
All right. Well listen, I wanted them to get used to it,
because it evidently is going to be a lot like that the next couple of months.
So let's get used to a lot of technical glitches and screw-ups.
And hey, we don't care. It's a slip shot.
Just keep the checks coming,
and we're trying to do the best we can,
but it's business as usual.
Schlock.
That's right.
We can go on partnership with Schlocks,
because we know something about it.
We have an open line in Dade 7519463 751W.
And what on a green line is in Palm Beach.
Here's Carl Gables. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Okay.
I got a question for you.
Yeah.
I was wondering if it was humanly possible for you people to talk about anything else other than hockey.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, pal,
but I came on here this morning and brought up a whole bunch of other things.
But you know what, what we talk about all depends on what the callers have to say.
So what is it you would like to discuss with us today, sir?
I would like to talk about.
I don't know.
Tell me what you want to talk about.
I like dogs.
Yeah.
I like monkeys.
Yeah.
Well, go to spank one.
Okay.
We have an open line in Dade 751,
if you can find one and one and Broward 5249463 524WYOD.
Always air it never fails.
Every one of those calls is an asshole.
Oh, well, why don't you talk about something?
Okay.
What would you like to talk?
Well, I don't know, but what do you mean you don't know?
Well, I don't know.
That's it.
That's an h-ritha show.
Whatever the people who call and want to talk about as long as I'm interested in it,
we'll talk about it.
If I'm not, you're done.
When you hear the dial tone, that means the call's over.
When you hear this sound, that means go do something else.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey there.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was waiting to tell you how to say strawberry and Italian, but I wait the long it kind of lost its funk.
No, that's okay.
It's a fragula.
Fragula?
Fragula.
Fragula.
Fragula.
Fragula.
I can tell you how we're going to kick ass tonight.
It's the game too.
It's how you want to know that.
Okay.
I think that just means kiss my ass is what it means, isn't it?
I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not taking no chances.
I don't know that day go talk yet.
I bet that's honest though.
I bet that's on my new program.
I just got guaranteed.
It's in there.
Yeah, it's in there.
All right.
We have an open line and date 751 up your ass.
I think that's what you said and Italian up your ass.
Nice touch, sweetheart.
All right.
And we have one on the green line, 18944 WIOD.
Here's Carl Springs on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
I think you worked for the Harold.
Probably.
That was probably Greg Cotex.
Yeah, I think it was.
Yeah, I just want to share this with you.
I got up this morning and I read that article.
And it's not there.
It would be enough to make me go back to bed.
I called the Harold and canceled my paper.
All right.
I think we should start a campaign.
Yeah.
And canceled.
I've already done that.
I've already been telling you people to get rid of the Harold for a month's now.
Get rid of them.
That opened my eyes.
I couldn't believe it.
The most negative, they hate hockey.
They don't like anything about it.
They're in bed with Mickey Ererson.
This damn Tony Ritter guy.
There's still a hockey in the China about this big arena.
They're going to build down here in Miami.
Which, quite frankly, I still haven't heard another word about that.
This town has not seen anything like this ever.
Ever.
Ever.
Right.
Well, I'm with you.
And I'm with the Panthers.
Go Panthers.
Okay.
And tell your bird you won't bring them to Harold again.
Okay.
Okay.
That's right.
If you're, in fact, we're going to call the SPC if any of you people are lining the bottom of your bird cages with a herald.
Cruelty to animals, baby.
If your parrots and parakeets and cockatiels and cockatuzes are dropping some really nasty ugly looking more so than usual stuff.
You know, it's because they got the herald down there and they're making an editorial comment.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Ty Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you and hockey both suck.
Well, that's good.
I'm glad you're listening to a pal.
You're listening every day.
We'll never lose you.
And that's really good.
Okay.
There's another guy.
It's about the third or fourth.
One of those we got from the same guy.
Just keep listening.
Man, that's all I care about.
Just keep like everybody else.
Keep hanging right there on the edge.
See, it's just totally useless.
It's meaningless.
Meaningless.
Meaningless.
Because if you don't like it and you're still listening, that makes you the asshole.
We have an open line in date.
7519-463.
That would be like somebody watching like three quarters of a football game and saying,
you know something, football really blows.
This is really boring.
Well, why don't you find something like, well, I don't know, but it's boring.
Because they want a bellyache.
It's like the guy that eats a 90% of the steak.
It then calls the waiter and says, hey, I want to send this back.
Bring me another one.
It sucked.
Which is a good scam, by the way.
Although you all know that down here.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
No one's brought up that probably coach McClain has done the best coaching job in any of the games.
Nobody has brought that up.
Well, not all of that.
I haven't brought that up like for the last three months before everybody else jumped on the bank.
You're wrong.
Don Sherries on here on a CBC.
He's been saying for two months.
Coach of the year, Doug McClain.
One, one on the same.
Hands down.
Do you think he's, uh, he should let turn Jovonowski loose.
He seems to be a little quiet during the Pittsburgh fair.
What do you mean, turn him loose?
You're looking like getting a lot of stupid penalties or something?
Like getting a lot of stupid penalties.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Well, I think he fires up the team and the crowd sometimes and, uh...
No, we see, in the first couple of games, he made some really bad plays and coughed it up and gave the puck away.
We don't need any rookie mistakes.
You can't afford any unnecessary penalties in the playoffs.
Okay.
Got to keep it under control.
I think, uh, I think I'd like to see him a little bit against Yaga and Mario.
Well, I know Yaga and Mario have really done a kick-ass job.
How many goals have they scored between them in a series?
Oh, they're shutting them down.
Yaga got that one nice one on the pass from Mario and Mario got the other one.
Now, what about what else?
They've done a great job, defensively.
That's right. So let's stick with the winner.
Right.
Open line in, uh, Broward, 5249-463.
One on the green line.
1-800.
I'm going to tell Doug McClame when he gets back in the town and we've got a lot of experts out there.
In fact, I'll give them all your home number and he can call you up personally and give them some coaching tips.
Here's a lady in Juneau Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
We're alive up here in Palm Beach.
Well, thank God.
And I have a silly, sounding little poem for you.
Uh-huh.
Yes, we'll be scoring our fans loudly roaring because we are the cats with plenty of rats.
Yeah, we will chase you and then we'll erase you because you penguin sucked.
You will miss the puck.
When we are prowling our prey is a howling.
But hey, is it a sin to fry some penguin?
So let it be said, the penguins are dead.
We'll throw on more rats for our mighty cats.
Go panthers and to Greg at the Harold, get a colonic.
Oh!
All right.
Nice job, sweetheart.
Yeah, we got a message by the way for Greg Cotex at the Harold if you're listening.
That's Sally Fitzwood's day.
Take it up your ass.
We have an open line of Broward 5249463, 524 Deadheads.
We have an open line and a green lines to them in Palm Beach 1-800-944.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm coming in on that guy who called in wanting to know what time panthers come into the airport.
Yes, sir.
There will be in the 2.30 this morning out of Fort Lauderdale.
Right.
And they come in at that other terminal there, that commercial thing, don't they?
Well, actually, I saw him when they left.
They came out of actually the left out of the West terminal.
Right.
Which is where the US air continental flies out of.
Right.
And they'll be back at 2.30 these two standard times this morning.
Okay.
At the Spurdeck guys' information.
And after we went forward to three tonight, maybe we'll have crowd there to welcome them back.
I'll tell you what.
I haven't really watched hockey all this year and I watched that first at first game against the flyers and it's got me turned on.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Oh, go panthers.
Thanks a lot.
Two open lines.
They're both in Broward.
Five, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WIOD.
So what's the story on the food when Andy is around?
We give him not that we have any today.
But what's the story?
Are we still working on that?
Oh, wait till he leaves the room.
Okay.
We'll discuss it after you leave the room, Andy.
Okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Have a nice life.
Open line at day 751.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
First of all, I'm a religious, uh, acting person.
Okay.
Lost 54 pounds.
Beautiful.
And since January 5th.
Huh.
And, um, my track list rights have gone down from where they couldn't read them to 179.
Not bad.
And.
Collestual 183.
Excellent.
I'm doing great with that.
Boy, that's fantastic.
It sounds like I saved your life.
Yeah, I think you did.
Uh-huh.
I think you did.
Blood pressure is 120 over 80.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Perfecto.
I got about another 50 to go.
Okay.
So.
Yeah, but with numbers like that, you're, uh, you know, you're well on a way.
Yeah.
And never hungry.
Never, uh, I made the cheese cake the other day myself.
Right.
And it turned out great.
It's a little rich for me.
But it turned out great.
About the panthers.
Yes, sir.
Uh, you know, everybody's saying cup crazy.
Well, I say because it was one person I think that called down an hour ago.
Talked about that we should give you the rats.
Mm-hmm.
Well, if we get into the Stanley Cup, why don't we start throwing support or cups on the, on the eye?
There you go.
That's co crazy.
All right.
All right.
Okay, keep up the good work, pal.
Thanks a lot.
Stick with it.
All right.
Okay, we got no.
The one to two hour.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm ready for the match, you're ready for excitement, ready for it right here and now.
Now some sad effects and aircorms of me that traction the pamphlets getting ready to grow.
No, with a rabbit's ear and can't you hear the screaming lessen through the sound and out, pamphles on the ground.
He's on the ground.
I'm ready for the match, you're ready for excitement, ready for it right here and now.
The panel's on the ground.
Okay, one away to WIOD.
We got an open line at day 7519463 751 WIOD.
We're just killed a little time until 730 night at Diaglu and Pittsburgh when we're going to go out there and hopefully kick some serious ass.
And that's just the way it is.
All the tickets that you see that they sold out in like four and a half seconds, something like that.
Three and a half minutes, whatever it was, the 3000 tickets they put on sale yesterday.
Three and a half minutes and they were gone.
How do they know how to do that?
How do they know how to do that?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
I just want to say two things or maybe three or four.
Yes.
About the panthers.
They played like the best hockey I've seen in a long time for a third year expansion team.
Everyone in Miami should be lined up given away their jewelry to make gold statues of all these guys.
Amen.
And that guy should be lined up to kiss their ass.
They're eyes.
They're guys that rode on the hell.
What's his name?
His name is Greg Kotex.
He should be riding about hockey like I should be performing brain surgery.
Right.
And if they go out tonight and tomorrow, whatever is at the second game and they lose 100 to nothing,
they're the most exciting team, professional team that South Florida has right now.
Amen.
And I mean, just like, you know, they shouldn't be saying anything negative about this team, man.
All those football idiots, this is the year in North excuses.
You know what, how many guys, quiet guys just come out and did it.
You got it.
There's so much to learn.
Okay.
Bye.
You said it well, pal.
Well, I have an open line of Broward, 524, but of course this is Miami.
You know, Robert Steinback in the same hero today and the same guy fact me this as well.
Uh, he's got an article which, you know, he has a lot of good points.
It says, fans support his strong, but not deep.
And basically what he's saying is that for every sport, we got a bunch of bandwagon juppers
and when they're winning, everybody jumps on and all they got to do is lose one game.
And there's a certain segment that jumps off because they're lukewarm fans.
Very good observation, Robert Steinback, which I've been making for the last 20 years here.
We got a lot of fair weather fans.
We got a lot of people, but I do believe I could be wrong.
I hope I'm not.
I believe that because of the nature of this team and the players and the holder,
there's a certain relationship that's developed here between the real fans and this team
and their players and their coach and everybody else.
That's not as thin and transparent as some I think.
I hope.
Here's a point in V.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to watch the game tonight and I hope the Panthers win.
Okay.
Yep.
Okay.
And we have an open line of Broward, 524.
And one in the green line and 1-809-44.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
First time in a row.
Great.
I have a comment about the Panthers.
I have never been a hockey fan.
I am a football fan but this team has earned our respect.
We should go and show our support.
These idiots who only listen to football and baseball and all those,
they should understand that this is the first team we've had in South Florida,
a long time that doesn't care about who gets more money or the stars.
They just go out and kick ass and go Panthers and I just want to leave you with that comment.
Okay, Mego.
Open line in day 7519-463.
We got one in Broward, 524.
WYOD.
We got two on the green lines in Palm Beach, where they're interested,
performance level has been today, I would say, like 40 degrees lower than usual,
which is a hell of an indictment, as in minus infinity.
1-809-449-463-1-809-444-WYOD.
Newson's been sold, you know.
I heard good news, Ben.
New owners.
We should have had bad news.
What's the bad news?
That news we're going in for half our pay.
What's the good news?
The good news is he has a second job for us.
Also in half our pay.
Sorry, I asked.
Rick and son, 6 to 10 a.m. on news, talking entertainment radio, 610 WYOD.
It's not just Hank Goldberg, it's a hippopotamus.
Tonight, Inaquirin' affair, shocking videos of the Brady bunches all night,
Wesson Oil orgies.
How about you sitting here, are you ready for it?
Yeah.
Plus, never before seen episodes, too racy for network television.
Mom, mom, I'm coming, I'm coming.
Aw, congratulations, honey.
Why don't you go tell Alice the news, he's in a room.
That's tonight, Inaquirin' affair.
114 at WYOD, so about that air in Summer's bitch,
we have an open line at day 7519-463-751 WYOD.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I wanted to make first off, anybody that writes anything bad about the Panthers
for all the stuff that they've done this year,
and for all the excitement that they brought to South Florida in general.
Like you say, there's a bunch of deadbeats down here.
I mean, I'm in a West Palm and death central with the cemetery village up here,
and I'm going crazy up here.
11, Doug McLean is guy.
Anybody that wants to pee on our parade, that's our response.
That's right.
Second of all, second point, Manditch on the show last night on 7,
whatever, his sports wrap up.
What a just a complete jerk.
He can't even get the freaking Panthers' names, guys, right?
He's calling Billy Lindley.
He's got a great lumber company.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
He's got that construction business and stick it through by four of the staff, okay?
I don't believe it.
That's right, exactly.
I mean, he needs to stick to the dolphins and stuff that he knows, lumber and the dolphins.
Stick to something, you know, man, Doug, like taking showers with the guys, that's it.
I'll tell you the least, at least D-Full kind of keeps his mouth shut when it comes to talking about the Panthers.
I'll tell you what, you know, the math on PC knows everything.
He needs to, you know, sit down with a book from, you know,
the little library for the first graders and learn about hockey, the old stuff.
Yeah.
He basically sucks new.
I went on the Akin's diet, not a big deal about it, but I started working out again.
I lost the weight that I needed to.
I feel great.
I started working out again.
I'm just absolutely unbelievable.
You're God, Doug McQueen, you're God, bezers, God.
Still bars your God.
Bezers.
Go Panther.
All right.
Bye-bye.
See you, pal.
There's a guy that's got some enthusiasm for crying out loud.
You know, some of these people, when you punch up the line, you can immediately hear by the dead head sound of their voice,
like they had one guy a couple of hours ago, right after I talked about this Greg Cotex column into paper.
Well, the guy sounded so sour to begin with, you know, just exactly what kind of sputum's going to be coming out of his pus.
And there ain't nothing worse than sputum coming out of somebody's pus.
Two open lines on the green lines, one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four W.
I would be here's a boy did that to me again.
Here's a mobile in Perine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right. One question.
Yeah.
What happened the last game of the season with the Panther?
The last game of the season?
The last game of the season, they beat the Ranger six to three.
Well, that was the last game of the season.
That's just that day they changed the whole game.
Since what?
Since that day.
Yeah.
And?
Why ever happened in that game?
That's what made the Panther the way they are right now.
You're right.
You're absolutely correct.
I thought you were just another one of these douchebags, but you're right.
I don't know what happened.
That's again, they put them over the top.
That's the they got the wake up call that day.
You're right.
And Neil, don't let it slide to your wallet diet.
Even if I lose one more pound, my sugar level stay the same since I started diet.
All right.
Up, up, up, up, up, up, you know, Neil.
We have an open line at day, 7, 5, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3.
We got one on the green line at 1-800.
What are they talking about?
What language they speaking?
Let's take this thing back and just give me one for Swahili, okay?
What language these people are speaking in Sanskrit is what they're speaking, baby?
Let's call my hammer on the purple line and find out what the hell language these people be speaking.
Let's go to a Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
When is this?
Yes.
I'd just like to say one thing.
Yes.
I'm not really a sports fan, but a couple of weeks ago I saw a Panther's game.
Yeah.
Okay.
And I never was a hockey fan, but I tell you one thing.
Those guys played with such heart that these people were calling you.
They had one tenth of a percent of heart into their lives as these guys do that game.
Their lives might have some meaning.
Exactly.
They wouldn't be calling you up saying that the Panther's suck or you suck or whatever.
Yeah.
But now that I did see that game, I mean that's the most interesting game I've seen in a while.
I would agree with that.
I mean, the dolphins, they're gone.
They've been in a slumber.
I'm hoping Jimmy can wake him up, but they've been in a slumber for a few years now.
Well, let's put them back in the orange ball and see what they can do.
No, let's wake him up with Jimmy.
Let's do something.
Well, they don't want to play that game.
Well, let's worry about them when the time comes.
Okay, let's stick with the program.
What's going on right now?
Let's take them on the time.
The Panther's in it.
That's it, and everybody else better take heart to it.
Okay.
They can all learn a good lesson.
You're right.
In fact, Shula said that too.
And you remember the comedy made after the last game he was there,
which we won again, of course.
And he said, boy, if I could have gotten my players to put out this much effort for me,
I'd still be coaching.
At a boy, Brainstam, right on the money.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524WIO.
Dean is not what I said earlier in the year about Doug McLean after the first few games,
and I saw how much he was getting out of these guys.
He took basically with a couple of additions, couple of young players,
but basically the same team.
And he got like 50 times the effort out of them that Roger Neilsson had gotten,
and a reason being that Doug McLean is a living and breathing guy with a sense of humor,
but also a sense of understanding and knowledge and able to impart that,
and able to teach the young players, and able to get guys to go out there and work harder.
And that's what it's all about.
As opposed to Roger Neilsson, it was like the walking dead,
which Roger did fit into this town pretty good, but then we got tired of that.
Here's Pemberpine. Hello?
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you?
Great.
Uh, fellow dog lovers, you have a golden scavenger.
Yes, I do.
You have two? No.
How they doing?
Let me say it again. I have one.
One, yes.
And I have a miniature pincher.
Oh, yes.
I have a big one, and I have a little one.
I have a golden, and I have a mixture that I got at the pound that I love.
Yeah.
You have any problem with their skin at all?
Do I have problem with their skin?
I mean, any, any, any, you know,
my mind has a little skin problem.
Yeah.
I've been using a, uh, the vet gave me oxydex shampoo.
Oxydric?
Oxydex, whatever it is.
Uh-huh.
But it seems to be improving.
So, yeah, I heard something about you here.
Yeah, well, you know, with long hair dogs, as you know,
you're always going to have some skin problems, especially in this climate.
They're going to have the hot spots and try to chew themselves up and stuff like that.
But, uh, you do the best you can.
Right.
And then I got my dog that haircut,
where they cut like almost all a hair off,
and he's, he's doing great now.
I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah.
All right. Not another question.
About the, I'm interested in the adkins diet now.
Yes.
My cholesterol is 225.
Yeah.
Quite the adkins diet.
You have to, you know, everything that's as fat and never,
is that true?
Rings your cholesterol down, my friend.
Mine came down.
But, well, if the adkins diet says eat whatever you want,
but it's no carbohydrates.
Very little.
But what about the fat content?
What about it?
In the diet.
Does it have fat in the diet?
Yes, it does.
So, this would, then, have...
The idea that dietary fat necessarily has to do with your cholesterol is a myth.
Uh-huh.
My cholesterol came down 25 points,
and my triglycerides came down 234 points.
Oh, in other words, when you lose weight at auto-marie, you will lose weight.
Well, sometimes it all depends on you.
It depends...there's nothing, there's no panacea for everybody.
Uh-huh.
But it's working for a hell of a lot of people.
Okay, one more thing in closing.
Well, how do I do get on that diet?
What do I have to do with that?
You have to buy the book.
Oh, I see.
Dr. Racken's new diet revolution.
It's got a blue cover, it's paperback.
It's at every bookstore in the world.
Terrific.
Buy the book.
I'm gonna give it a shot.
Okay, pal.
Another question before I get it.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm a sports fan.
I like that.
And I've been watching hockey lately.
Is this part of the whole setup for the guys to knock each other's teeth out?
I mean, do people that the fans expect this violence?
I got news for you.
If you want a real good job, it's never too late to learn Team Dennis.
That's where it's at.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Open, in fact, I think the panthers have two of them out mistaken.
They got two Team Dennis.
Open line in day in Broward, rather, 5249463 and one on a green line, 1-800.
Got the nerve.
So you think it's easy?
No big deal.
Well...
It's time to put your mouth where your mouth is.
Neil won't like it.
The IOD amateur hour.
Sunday nights at 11.D.L.
Make it take them, send it.
14-01 North Bay Causeway, Miami.
33-141.
I!
The old won't like it.
From News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
6-10.
W-I-O-D.
Your manage, unfortunately, has a drinking problem.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
By the way, you know, the tremendous response on Mission Impossible, man,
it must be one of the greatest movies ever because the calls are just pouring in
and all of the shows about Tom Cruise.
Mission Impossible, not.
I've never heard anybody say anything good about that.
I had over the weekend, I saw a few reviews on the various stations and all over the satellite.
And most of them kind of said like...
Like that.
Not too great.
Let's do Miami. Shall we? Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. I'm perhaps off to the banter
is begin with wasn't a huck of an in the past and they've certainly made me one in the past couple of weeks.
A couple of technical questions on the Atkins diet if you will look through the menu and that don't see a lot of the,
I don't know if you've seen the follow-up book but he has actually one that's all the recipes. Right.
And I don't see one that are real realistic and preparing. I mean if you have half a data spend in the kitchen I can see.
Yeah, I wouldn't, I mean unless you were gourmet cook or like you said retired and you got all day long to stand around
or unless you got a wife that you're going to keep locked up in the kitchen all day cooking for you, I would agree with that.
That's it. So what's your solution to making it a workable thing you can take the office or take on the road with you or that kind of thing as far as menu items are concerned?
Well, I mean, you know, like I said to somebody before you can go through any of the fast food like Wendy's you can go through the drive-through and just tell them,
well, give me whatever without the bun which they will do primarily beef them. Right.
Okay, and I guess chicken works the same way and vegetables salads no pasta.
The only thing you don't want to get chicken in the fast food joints because most of it is breaded and it's verboten.
Can't do the bread with a history craft. Yeah, I can get to what? The rotisserie stuff. Yeah, the rotisserie stuff is okay. Yeah, that's good stuff.
Barbecue. Now outside of the beef, what do you think is another staple besides chicken?
I can't see food. Seafood. Right. Turkey. Gotcha. Gotcha. Just no omelets. No.
It's not too easy to make it work, but I mean like for breakfast. Yeah.
I mean, there really is a lot of stuff on there that the only problem I have in between is, you know, which I've had for about the last since I got back from vacation is if there's carbohydrates around, you know, cookies, candy, ice cream, any of that crap.
You just have to forget pasta rice. Forget it. Just have to eliminate it. Yeah, is it effective at all to look at the labels and say, oh, it's got X percent of carbon.
Therefore, it's okay. Yes. Okay. So you can. In fact, don't even worry about looking on the label for sugar or for ingredients. Just look at the carbs.
The only thing that is worth looking on the label like if you're going to buy packaged meats, most of them are no good because they have nitrites. Right.
And all that crap in there. So forget about most of those. You're better off going to the deli counter. We're getting stuff fresh.
So the deli counters won't necessarily include the nitrites and whatnot. Not necessarily. You can ask. I know a lot of the board's head stuff doesn't have any.
What's the percentage you look for on the label as a percentage of carbon both to be less than. Meaning 15% 10%.
But don't look for the percent. It'll tell you preserving how much is in there. Okay. And like the best is zero. I mean, if it says like one gram per serving, you're in good shape.
Okay. Okay. One more question on this wonderful pie. Buy out you've had with Cox. I guess they're going to split up you in Henry for sure.
Yes. No question about that. Right. And they're going to expect I guess the results they've had in the past. And obviously what Mr. Pax and based his purchase power on ratings.
So that'll diminish if you split those two. Would you agree with that? I don't know what they really have in mind. I really can't tell you because I have no idea what they're going to put on in the afternoon.
There's all kinds of rumors about who's going to be on AM and is somebody going to have them at this stage.
We're like as much in the dark as you are. Morning business review. I guess they're going to try to sequester you to a great degree.
Probably a rid of the sex show at night and do a bunch of more holistic type things more holistic type. If you will. That'll be a switch. Yes, it will. Okay. Good luck. Good luck to us. Okay. More
holistic. Yeah, we're going to have maybe a preacher on there. How do you like that? Hallelujah. Oh, it's big and a preacher's and put your hands on depending on where you're putting them on. You notice HBO is on this great kick. Now it
got like a whole bunch of movies on there about child molesting priests and a Roman Catholic church as in father old tool. God, which in that kind of interesting. I guess they're only isolated incidents a few thousand here, a few
thousand over there. Pretty isolated. Let's go to a Davy on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. I want to thank you very much for turning me on the hockey three years ago. Yes, sir.
I'm just thinking my life and it's just the greatest. And then second of all, I want to warn everybody down there. I don't know if you heard, but Sunday I went down to the arena. I purchased myself a couple of nosebleeds for 200 bucks. Right.
They turned out to be bogus. Nice. How do you like that? A little counterfeit ticket action there. A little counterfeit. Tiction. So you know, so you got ripped off. You just. I got to. I got the shaft. Oh my God. Unbelievable. I didn't mind spending my 200 bucks. I was like dying to see the
game, but that my money and got shafted. How did they know which tickets were bogus? Well, I have a daily that was about four
year 50 of us that had the same seats. No, but I mean, how do they know which pair were right? I don't know. I mean, I kept on actually I kept on asking him that.
And I go, well, this looks like what's wrong with it? They're going, oh, no, it's terrible. And I go, oh, bring it, bring a real one so I can see it.
Right. The difference now. We don't need to we know we know. And then the nice lady down there, she goes, well, you shouldn't buy tickets out there
from scalpers and I go lady. I stood in line. I was number nine. I couldn't get tickets. How else am I supposed to get them? Yeah,
those will next time by season tickets. Right. Yeah. I said, I get rich like Neil. There you go. I'll forget, but don't do it again, pal. I'll try not to.
OK, good luck. No, thanks. OK, there you go. You better be aware of not only scalpers, but scalpers that are selling counterfeit bogus tickets. And of course, you're going to ask me, well, how do I know if they're real or not? And I'm going to tell you good
question. We have two open lines in date. 7519 463 on. Believe me, 751 W I O D and that's something. How do you like to, you know, fork over 400 bucks for a couple of tickets and then go inside and find out, well, guess what? You don't have any tickets. Any
route 400 bucks. Of course, it is a neighborhood where it's kind common to hear the sounds of gunfire. So I guess nobody would think anything out of the
ordinary. If you find a guy that's holding the tickets, here's the adventurer. Hello.
I have an era. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a hockey fan who's in a no lose situation. Yeah, I got the best of both worlds. Whoever goes to the finals, I can
be rude for it. I'm from Pittsburgh, obviously, right. And being from Pittsburgh, the only tie to keep me with him is the
Lemieux factor. He was with the team when I first moved to Florida. Right. That's what what's key. My allegiance there. I think it's a shame that a
person like you that is done as much as you have to promote the game of hockey and get the interest and the juice is flowing. Isn't that that
game tonight? I agree. I can't believe this to me. It's so bush league that it just defies the description. Even if your company that you work for,
didn't make provisions to have you there, high thing. I should have had you there. Yeah, there's no appreciation for your
breasts or that. There is no appreciation. I go back to the Hornets. Right, Mathers, Daniel Wickey, right. And the Pittsburgh routes are there. One
thing I'd like the fans of Florida to know they should be very proud of this team. And just remember one thing when you do get a Lemieux or a Lindros or a
Messier, you'll love it. I mean, the guys that you hate on other teams, you would love if they were. No, you better believe it. And thanks. Okay. We have an
open line in a Broward 5249463. We got to and day to as in what was that? Nothing. It certainly wasn't Phil Henry screaming
explicatives really low. Was that Phil Henry in there? Yeah, but let me say something for. Let me say something later. 751 W out. He's losing it, man. I can't
say that I blame him because this situation really sucks. Okay. I mean, it's one thing to I said this the other day. I'll say it
again. It's and it's not going to change anything. I'm just expressing everybody's frustration collectively. It's one thing to be in
limbo like for a couple of days, a couple of hours, a couple of, but to be in limbo for three or four months. And it's just like this guy
talking about them sending me to Pittsburgh. Does he? Does anybody really believe that Cox is going to fork out money to buy me a
plane ticket and say, Hey, take the day off. And you know, we got no business on the log today. Anyway, looks like we're going out of
business altogether. I got to cut the spots for today, like in five minutes. And we could have gotten all a business on there,
which is all anybody we'd be cares about. Anyway, get the spots on here. Let's collect the revenue. And that's all they would have
cared about. We could have gone up there. Yeah. Last night had a great show today. I mean, talking to some real people up
there, getting some real information out as opposed to remember calling in telling us funny stories about Doug McClain and
him again. And it would have been great. And then could have gone to that game tonight and rooted for the Panthers and taking my life in my
hands and had one hell of a day. Instead, it's like we're caught. We're like in a purgatory man. We're like between a great place
and a dark place. And we're not sure which is which. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? My name is Mike. I'm new to the game of hockey and it's due to you. And I wanted to ask you two
questions because I'm not sure quite where to start with the Panthers going to the new arena and everything for next year for season tickets. But they're not going to the
new arena next year. Well, they're going to be there one in two, three years. We've got two more years, two more seasons in the old arena and
the 98.99 in the new arena. Okay. Well, then in the case of getting season tickets for next year season, right? Go to you contact and what your
chances of getting good season that you know, for next year. The chances are slim based on based on all the interest I see now. But I
mean, there are season tickets still out there, but you got to call that 1-800-GO-PANTH-PA-NTH. But there is going to be one sticking
point with this whole thing. And that is when they moved from the present arena to the new one just like when the dolphins moved from
the orange bull to Joe Robbie. I don't really know how they go about making the switch over. You know what I'm saying? In other words, they always tell you that
they're going to give you comparable seats. But I know that and of course in this situation, you're going to have like 6,000 more seats in the
new arena than in the old one. So it should be no problem. But I know many people who had been seasoned off into good orders for years in Joe in the orange
bull who were told all the good stuff. They moved to Joe Robbie Stadium and they want to get in really crappy seats. So that's that's something. I don't know how
they're going to work it out. Well, how soon can you call up that number and get season tickets for next year? Right now. Really? I'm maybe not right now, but I know it's this week. Because
I know it's sometime this week and that's 1 800 gold pan PA NTH. Yeah, I think how good luck. You're doing great. Thanks. Take care. Yeah, I think there's going to be a big run. I mean, we had 9,596. We had over 9,000 season ticket
orders this year. And I have a feeling it's going to be over 10 or 11 come next season because now everybody in their brother is jumping on a
bandwagon. The Panthers have become a very in and very chic and very exciting thing. And this is where it's at, which is great. Because now we got to build more
additional fan interest in these next two seasons so that come when we do get the new arena sunrise by my house. We'll be able to fill up that
you in every night with 20,000 seats. Here's Boka. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, OK, Boka. First time caller. I think I'm a breather in Boka. OK. And I love you show, etc. I wanted to call you earlier, but the first game of the Panthers. I'm watching it. It's
course still 0 0. I'm already screaming a yelling right in my daughter who was in second grade. She says dad just come down. Why? You know, it's why this
what the Panthers are going to win. I said, well, how do you know that? This is a message for all those disbelievers and also maybe uplifting for you.
She says because catchy birds. There you go. There you go. Rest my case. OK, excellent. Thanks. OK, we have an open line of day. The best news we heard all day
today from a guy that alleges to know that lives right in the neighbor. And I know that guy. So I don't think he's telling any
tales lives near one of the Fox executives, one of the Fox Fox hot shots. The the glowing puck, the Fox tracks, the whatever the
hell you call it. It's going, baby. I mean, I'll be going before the playoffs are over, but it's on the way out. It's say, love, he, as you said,
it's history. Thank God. Thank the Lord. I'm going to say a brother right now, baby. 20 before to a WIOD, standard brands and
Mitsubishi have teamed up to say no, no down payment, no payments, no interest and no accrued interest for 15 months on Mitsubishi with a
proof credit. That's right. Standard brands and Mitsubishi say no. So hurry into standard brands right now and pay nothing for 15 months on
any Mitsubishi TV, big screen, the new 40 inch big tube, any and all Mitsubishi electronics, no down payment, no payments, no
interest and absolutely no accrued interest for 15 months with a proof credit. Hated in the summer with the Mitsubishi
electronics, you want and paying nothing for them for over one full year, nothing for 15 months. Standard brands and Mitsubishi just say no, just like Nancy would have
you say in four lot of days, you'll find a standard brands on federal highway, just north of Oakland Park Boulevard in
Pompano, an Atlantic quarter mile west of I 95 in Coral Springs and University Drive just north of Atlantic and in
Pembroke Pines and Pines Boulevard, just west of Palm Avenue. In fact, if Reagan could remember, he'd know that Nancy used to say no a lot.
Nobody know where know how beats a standard brands deal at 610 W I O D. We talk a lot about the dolphins, but this week they'll have to wait.
Big burly guys, smacking each other and slapping a little puck around get the spotlight in the quest for Lord Stanley's cup.
The best Panther coverage is right here on news, talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
142 at W I O D. We have an open line in day 751 Bokeh Brian. If you're listening, you'll be pleased to know that Mitch Ween is going to swap our CD player.
So one of these days we can play some of the cuts from your great CD. That's right. Bokeh Brian needs us to be playing that stuff and promoting it around.
He's not going to make any money from that. Bokeh Brian just relax. Okay, pal, you're okay. You're a part of the deal. Okay, wherever we're going, you're going to.
Believe you me, you'll be there burning like here's Miami's gone. Miami's gone, George. Here's the lady in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, you know, Neil, I was going to the games all year when there was like nobody there. And now let's not say there was nobody there.
When there were 2,000 empty seats in many of the games, yes. Yeah, and then they used to leave like 50 minutes before the game was over.
Right. Coming in the middle of the first period, leave early in the third period. We got a lot of those people.
Yeah, I see you. So you're always there. I'm there. But like now everybody's panther crazy.
Yeah. And you know, I tell people I've been there, been there, done that. I was there when it was freezing out. I was there.
Well, no one was there. And now all of a sudden, everybody likes hockey. Everybody's into into the panthers.
But you know what? If it was football season now, they wouldn't be such big hockey fans. I don't agree with that.
Huck, I'm because it's because they're winning because it's a big thing. Yeah, but they're bandwagon juppers.
They want to grab onto anything that's going on. Okay. And so what happens if they lose a big
thing? So they're going to be like, go hockey or is it going to be onto the next.
That remains to be seen. I can't answer the question. Well, I'm the real fans will still be fans more so than ever.
And some of the bandwagon juppers will stay on because they realized how great it was.
And then the real phonies, the real synthetic people that are just transparent as a panaglass, they'll be hopping off.
I mean, it's incredible. I drive down the street and they haven't written all over their cars, go panthers.
And I'm like, you know, I used to tell my friends, I'm going to the game tonight and they're going, why?
Why are you going to the game? Yeah. What's the point? It's a lot of money. Well, you know, it's just like they're, it's like the IOD seats.
You know, we have those six seats there, two of which are mine in that row. And many, many again, the season, the other four IOD seats
at their empty set, they're very vacant. Nobody in this place wanted them. Nobody was using them. And they just sat there.
And here they're selling phone tickets. And that's right. There is many a nights there. They have the place with empty.
Right. No, no, no, no, you keep saying that. But we've never had a crowd of less than 11,000 in some.
Well, yeah. Well, we've had two and three thousand empty seats for a whole bunch of games, but we never had that bet.
Right. You're right. Just two. We're not Hartford or Ottawa.
Right. Right. That's right. Well, anyways, I'm a Panther fan and I think they're going to go all the way and I'm excited.
And women like hockey also. They sure do. That's right.
Okay, sweetheart. See you Thursday. Okay. We have an open line of dates. 7, 5, 1, WIOD. We go on a Broward 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3.
Keep it every heart.
Heroes come and name.
Let's just leave them mark.
And it's worth the sweat.
And it's worth the pain.
Cause the chance may never come away.
It is just a star.
It's the spirit of the game.
Or in the legend of sound alone.
But the chance may never come again.
Oh, no.
The chance may never come.
Okay.
We have Chuck's stuff that shot in along the ice.
Leared at the length of the ice as he crossed center.
His team is changing.
And as Benny's on, dropped it back.
Friends keep picking up. Couldn't find it.
I'm going to jump in his turn.
He's coming in.
Outer shot. Go.
I'm going to try it.
Wings the game.
It's right.
Wings the series.
And they go on.
This is over.
How about that?
It's right.
I hope just to piss off Greg Cotex that it's the Panthers and the Red Wings in the finals.
You know what I'm saying?
Just so that he's wrong on both counts.
Mr. Expert. Mr. Hot shot in the Heraldird dot the eye.
Boy, what a sour.
What a negative.
And for no reason.
I mean, it's one thing.
There are a lot of things you can criticize in this town.
I mean, it was anybody know that better than I do.
But just to be negative for the hell of it.
Like he didn't have column this morning.
I mean, this man, if we don't have 50,000 people cancel the Herald today,
I don't know what day they'll do it on.
When they'll ever come to their senses.
What a piece of dreck.
What an absolute piece of garbage.
And by the way, when Zeke Siemens going to come on Channel 6 and give us this story
about the finalization of the Miami arena for the heat.
I thought that was supposed to have been done already.
Wasn't it before the end of May, which today looks like the 28th to me?
I have an or no story on that.
Have you?
Mr. Carroyo, maybe he's going to come up with the money personal.
Maybe he's got somebody's going to go out there.
Maybe somebody in Miami's got some good drugs they can pedal.
And come up with all the millions they need to build that new arena down there by the water.
Right by the port.
Right by Mr. Ererson's thing.
We're still waiting on that.
Like, here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, when Phil Henry leaves his Steve Kane, going to take his place.
I sure have no idea.
That them Joyce Coffin bitch.
You sound like a light bulb listener to me.
Yeah, exactly.
In fact, you sound like somebody working at the light bulb is what it sounds like to me.
Probably boy, they're really peeing in their pants over there.
Let me say it again.
We don't accept calls from the light bulb.
From listeners, from employees, from relatives, from boyfriends, girlfriends.
Some we can't identify from Pat.
We're not interested.
So this attempt of them to suddenly like intrude on the good thing that we got going over here.
Trust me when I tell you there will we will continue to go our separate ways.
Just like we got the coast on the hallway here.
We got hot 105 down the end of the hall.
And we all operate like our own entity here.
We don't go in there and interact with the we don't go right in the middle of a Johnny Dark show and start screaming douchebag on the coast.
They might have some numbers if we did, but we don't do that.
And so one of the things that the light bulb people better understand immediately if not sooner.
And I can only speak for myself.
Not anybody else is that we will not be interacting.
Got it? Not interacting.
Interfacing, interacting, interacting, doing anything.
Here is Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What happened to Wully in this series?
I mean, he has a plan.
Yes, injured.
No, he's not. He's the odd man out.
Hmm.
Because he seemed to be like one of the important guys on the point for that.
No, I think he played a couple of pretty crappy games there and he's out.
He's out.
Yeah.
Okay.
Who now? Wait a minute.
Let me ask you this.
On defense. Who would you have out if you wanted to put him back in there?
Who would you take out?
That is a good question.
Yeah.
I just, I know a power play hasn't been like really clicking.
And he seems when he's on the power play at the point.
Yeah, but you know something defensively.
You can't, you can't afford the mistakes.
And it seems to me.
Wully, when he was playing great, he had that, he had that period there for Wully.
He was just unconscious.
But then he just started making a lot of lapses defensively and they just can't afford to do that.
That's true.
How do you understand that?
And what Fox needs to do is bring back Peter Puck.
I agree.
That's what they need to do.
I agree with that.
I mean, if they want to teach the fans how to watch the game, if they want to put something on there to give us a, I couldn't agree with you more.
Why don't they do that and start trying to turn a game into a video game?
Exactly.
Amen.
Thanks.
Thanks, pal.
Okay. And also thanks to our friends at San Pelagrino. We got some water over there. That's a beautiful thing.
Man, I feel like I'm, I got my Italian thing over here.
My program for my computer. I'm going to go home and learn Italian in five minutes.
I'm going to be just about my, my, my, my, my, my, whatever it is.
What do they say my own?
Yeah, Jimmy, my own.
I'm telling you, but on him and you say, oh my God, I'm going to be talking fluid Italian or like you wouldn't believe.
And we got the San Pelagrino water.
So I'll be like, tap it on it and drink it at the same time.
Let's go to a lady in Boyton Beach. Hello.
Boyton Beach.
That's you.
Neil.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I definitely have cancer goosebumps today. I am so nervous.
Oh, yeah.
You help a lot.
Jolyn helps a lot. What a song.
Yeah, I got to get that song out of my lady mentioned that.
It was like, I'll set it in my mind all yesterday.
You know, I'll go over and over in your mind.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, go panthers. I just want them to win tonight so much.
Well, cross your fingers in your legs, sweetheart.
Thank you, Dave.
Okay. And maybe your eyes too. It couldn't hurt.
Do I look here in black number there?
We love you panthers. Oh, yes, we do.
Through a wave of skaten score and follow through.
Oh!
Bring on yagger and love you.
Oh, panthers, we love you.
Oh! We love you, scrudeland.
Oh, yes, we do.
Yes!
Even when you took that double-two.
First, slicing, brinda more.
Clean through a screwy, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Malin B.
You're where it's at.
You made the season here of the rat.
You're my very favorite cat.
Scott Malin B.
Where it's at.
Yes!
We love you, Neater Meyer.
You've really bloomed.
Like a flower in a sunny room.
Oh!
You're gonna score again real soon.
Rod, Neater Meyer, we love you.
Incredible.
We love you, Beaver.
Oh, yes, we do.
With your mighty tats and glove and two.
We'll give the credit where it's due.
Then beeth, Brooke, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, Lindsay.
Oh, yes, we do.
The way you beat Ray Bork and ran for two.
Yes!
That's a handy goal.
What I've caught, we love you.
Oh!
We love you, dogma, clean.
Oh, yes, we do.
You'll be coach of the year.
Because it's true.
Unbelabeled.
You brought us all this way.
Who knew?
Oh, panthers.
We love you.
Oh!
Unbelivable.
Okay, 154, W.I.D. Jolin.
She's the best.
In fact, she said she was going in a studio, putting some music behind that.
And recording like one big gigantic with all the names,
with the whole thing, unencumbered and unbridged and et cetera, whatever.
And we're waiting on it.
Okay, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Marko.
Can I talk to Neo please?
Speaking.
Neo.
How many import business?
You're in the what business?
Import.
And the whole thing to know if you would like to trade some of the Fidals finest for a couple of panthers.
Take it.
What's the question again when I like to what?
Fidals finest.
The car.
Okay.
In exchange for what?
A couple of tickets.
No.
Okay, we have an open line of dates.
7519-463-751-W-I-O-D.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, ma'am.
Can you listen to the sounds?
It's like Martian sounds.
Do you hear it?
A Martian sound?
Yeah, you know when in the other days those movies where the Martians were landing
and they'd have that winding sound?
Right.
Can you hear it?
No.
It's kind of hard.
What is it?
That's what I'm trying to see.
There it is, yeah.
It's here on 30 seconds in south-sixteen.
The Martians are landing on where south the one?
South-sixteen highway in 30 seconds.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I knew if they ever came.
That'd be where they would go.
We're high park years.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
It's the weirdest thing.
I'm going off from a month and a half and I can't see good out.
Yeah.
That's not what I call good out.
I call it that the actin.
Uh-huh.
Once again, I got a question for you.
I've got a tick-tax box in front of me.
Yeah.
The ingredients say.
Too much carbs in those, by the way, I think.
No.
No matter if they have zero carbs, you're right.
No carbs, no sugar, but the ingredients say sugar.
Don't worry about it.
Let me say it again.
Forget about reading it if it says zero carbs then when in doubt, uh, check them out.
Okay.
But I've already lost 30 pounds on it anyway.
Uh, this is just like that.
No, but that's a good idea.
That's an excellent idea.
For example, when I go to the airport, if I'm on my best behavior, which lately I haven't been,
but if I am, and you go into a little thing to get your newspaper and your magazines,
and instead of getting a candy bar or something, eat while you're waiting for the plane,
the tick-tax box.
You get some tick-tax because they got zero carbs.
You're right.
Now, what about breath is sure?
I haven't tried that.
You know anything about them?
Zero?
Gotta check it out, huh?
Breath is sure?
Yeah.
We have a tight deal with time.
But those are like little capsules.
Those wouldn't have any carbs, you know?
Well, I think I want to get one.
Those are like garlic things.
Now, breath is sure.
Garlic parsley and, uh, rosemary and the Simon and Garfuck are right.
No problem.
Okay.
Okay, keep it up, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Okay.
What'd you say?
Here's the coralsprings.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Long, long time ago, you had a cut that you played, and somehow it got lost, called the Clinton.
Would you be interested in getting it back?
It didn't get lost.
Do you mean, do the Clinton?
That's correct.
Did they get lost?
Okay.
George has been looking for it for a long time for him.
And I finally got it out of California.
Well, wait a minute.
Before you go, are you sure that we lost that, George?
We didn't lose it.
Hmm.
And the reason I like it, it's like four minutes long.
I know we got it.
I think you might be talking about two different things.
Well, why?
What's it called?
What's he talking about?
What, what, I don't know.
What am I supposed to say, George?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Do the Clinton, right?
That's what it's called.
We got it.
Oh, okay.
Because George.
