This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Mommy, when will I grow my extra wee wee?
You only have one wee wee done?
Oh, Mommy, am I deformed?
No, no, you're only supposed to have one.
Is Daddy deformed?
No.
He has two wee weees.
No, son, he only has one.
Believe me, Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two?
Yeah, a little one wee pee with, and a great big one wee brush is the baby sitter's teeth with.
Okay, 1206 at WIWD.
We got some technical problems here.
If it sounds on the air like a little bit of a hollow sound, if it sounds like the phone is feeding back through the board again.
If it sounds like we've got for the 85 million time the same technical screw ups air, guess what we do.
Okay, so just grin and bear it.
Just grin and bear it.
Put a big smile on your back and push and everybody will feel it's okay.
We have an open line indeed.
We got one on the purple line, all a brow ad vanished during news of course at 5249463.
All three open lines in brow are just sitting there very quietly and they're wondering, boy, it sure sounds funny, don't it?
I can barely understand what they're saying.
Here's Westchester, hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm just as frustrated as you are with these damn dykes.
I've been waiting a week for one of them to see if they have the cajones to call up and argue their point, you know?
You know, and nothing happens.
Well, I'm not waiting for an argument. I'm just I'm waiting for some dyke.
I mean, obviously dykes know other dykes. They know what this is all about.
Why don't we have one bull dyke out there who will call and confirm that these are mostly dykes who are competing in these so-called women's sports?
Yeah, they're not women's sports. They're bull dyke sports.
I know. And I know for a fact they're out there and they listen to your show because my wife used to work in a place.
Your wife is a dyke?
No, no. She used to work in this place that had like a whole colony of dykes.
And by the way, they're worse than men when they get obsessed with a woman.
Really?
Yeah, because they they have a couple incidents where they were stalking her.
Really?
And you know, I guess they wanted to slam the door to the door to the door to the door to the door.
Yeah. And he's smirking.
Yeah.
And but there was only one lady dyke there that called you once.
And that was when all hell broke loose.
When I remember when somebody said something about that traffic girl, that Latin traffic girl.
Right.
And she really chastised you guys.
She even said that you guys play with your payahos too long and stuff.
And she was a dyke?
Yeah, she was a dyke.
And she said that she was...
How do you know that?
Because my wife knows. She was working there at the time. She was cracking up.
Yeah, she couldn't stop laughing because she said that.
Remember she said she was from Madrid and you said she wouldn't know Madrid from Sebastian.
Oh yeah, right. Right.
My wife and I are, I think one of the few people I got that joke.
She was laughing all day, hysterically.
What did we call that bit with the traffic, George?
Which a key to banana. What did we call it?
The whole fact girl with the great ass, right?
Right.
No, she didn't have the great ass.
Oh yeah, she didn't. Aaron was supposed to have the ass.
Oh, a traffic code. That's what that is.
Yeah, no, not at the end.
Yeah.
I think she called that same few days ago.
Well, we'll keep banging on them so to speak.
We'll see if we can find some dyke out there with some balls enough to call.
They should have.
They should have, I'm telling you.
They should have the big ones.
Yeah.
No capel.
All right, bye bye.
See ya.
So anyway.
The traffic update is a service of the only sponsor we got.
It's a party in La Nanda, but better expressway.
You know, we got the usual delays.
It's rush hour.
We got a few collisions.
One at 27 Davin, another one at 47 Davin, could be northbound.
I don't know.
My face up out.
I don't know that either.
Could be eastbound.
We don't know.
We can't see nothing from this room.
It don't have the windows.
It's backed up on major problems all the way around the big curve.
And I'm talking about my ass.
That's your eye.
A spy.
Don't shoot me out of this guy.
A traffic.
From your traffic.
Chica.
I'll say yes.
W-I-I-I-U-D.
Okay.
Steve, how was that?
Do you think I could have the job?
Please.
I got a great ass.
Welcome.
Okay.
There she is.
And of course, that was another one of the great chapters in the history of WI-U-D.
I certainly hope that you've been listening long enough to have lived through all of that, to survive, through all of that with us, because I've gone home and written in my diary.
Two open lines in date.
751 WI-U-D.
One in Broward.
Five.
Here's a West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
I would never try to defend the terrible way that they handled that bomb up there.
But one thing I think that nobody mentioned yet was...
How come nobody else has got an opinion on it?
Except the one guy that was screaming and carrying on that I'm anti-cop or something.
How come nobody else has got an opinion on whether they acted whatever they did?
Terribly.
But in defense, you know, the white man, which I have more to say about, that called on the phone, I'll say more about that.
Yeah, they...
Didn't you hear the reports?
The guy that called in the thread?
The 9-1-1, yeah.
Was the white male.
Yes.
I have some more to say about that in a second, but first of all, he said that it was going to blow up in 30 minutes, and it actually blew up in 21 minutes.
Yeah.
So not that, you know, they shouldn't have really...
Well, in other words, they should just have taken him in his word and just took their time, is that it?
Oh, he says we got 30 minutes, so don't sweat it, okay?
It's a kidding, everybody.
Right, let him finish the song.
Let him finish this song.
And, you know, yeah, you're telling me with all these experts and squat teams and stuff that they don't have anybody there who's trained to know what to say so that there wouldn't be a panic?
I don't know, but nobody said anything.
That's what everybody said.
All they did was have that red neck in there who was the head of the security and that the...
But whatever the hell is title is, the local head, which I think is where we are spending his time at the local head.
And this red neck comes on her.
It says, oh, yeah, we got 100 people off the lawn, and yeah, we did okay.
Amazing.
Okay.
Bearising.
Now listen, back in the OJ trial, when...
You remember when Johnny Cochrane shot out of his seat and went ballistic when his witness said something about it.
He heard a black man arguing at the time of the murders.
Did you see that part of the test?
Yes.
And Johnny Cochrane shot out of his seat.
This is 1990's...
Well, what do you...
Who cares about Johnny Cochrane?
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, I mean, I'm just saying that supposedly what Johnny Cochrane's point was is that you can't tell the color of the accident.
But then Johnny Cochrane's full of crap.
Yeah, that's what I say that.
But how come there's a double standard now that all of the news reports were that it was a white man called on the phone for this bike ride?
They identified it as the voice sounded like a white man with no identifiable accident.
That's what it sounded like.
They were describing because they're trying to narrow it down to some suspect is what they're trying to do.
Well, let's have nothing to do with Johnny Cochrane.
I know this may come as a great shock to you, but the bombing in Atlanta had nothing to do with OJ.
Although...
Well...
He is there, isn't he?
Let me ask you, what?
He is there, isn't he?
Covering it for that frog TV state network.
There could be a connection.
There you go. I'll get Johnny on it right away.
Two open lines in date, 751 W.I.
What's Capri to do in there? Why is he... why is that man here?
He doesn't have a TV where he is.
I don't have any money for you.
And I ran into Stan Major over there.
I was at my heavenly cheesecake about 10 days ago.
And I'm trying to walk to my car and get there a lot of there with my stash of goodies.
And there Stan Major in his car.
Yeah.
And I said Stan, you drove all the way over here to bring me my money back, huh?
He said no, let's have lunch one day.
And by the way, you're buying.
Something like that.
How come you're not in some big movie out there?
It's gone out of a big movie.
What?
Huh?
What?
Did you want to know the name?
Yeah, then... does it have a name?
You'll never believe it.
Scarface.
Oh, and by the way, you know who's in... who has a very marginal role.
I'm so embarrassed for him.
In primal fear?
Rocky.
Rocky, it's a Maria.
Steven Bauer.
And he looks really bad.
And I don't understand what that role has to do with the plot.
I don't understand what it has to do with the story.
I must have missed something.
I watched it.
I mean, very intently from beginning to end.
And in the end, Rocky winds up sleeping with the fishes.
Hey, exactly.
You come in here where this is like a damn wake that we're having in this place.
It's every day is like, you know, I'm Kipper more so than ever before.
And you come in here like it's party time, Capita.
I'm sorry.
Looking like an Asmriderer.
You look like OJ without the suntan.
Look at that.
It looks like an Asmriderer this guy.
Looks like... hell.
To be honest with you, you look like Charles Manson on a bad day.
Well, that's from California.
Jesus, God.
Just what we needed to uplift this out of this deep funk that we're in.
This audience man, you couldn't buy a call for $50,000 in his town these days.
There's nobody in this town, unless they have to be here.
The phone system is all screwed up.
This thing is echoing through itself.
I feel like I'm in an echo chamber.
Like I'm going through decompression now.
Like that Olympic, whatever that guy was, they brought in there last the way he ever was.
Or was it one of the divers?
I don't know.
It's all blending in together.
It's one of the divers searching for bodies.
Which is also turned into Olympic sport.
Oh, the US is leading in bodies found under the fire island there.
And the Canadians aren't far behind.
Yeah, let's make that into an Olympic sport.
See which countries, divers brought up the most bodies from the plane crash.
Do you want to do the break now or what?
Because I don't really care.
I just assume get up out of this chair, head for the door and let Capri to finish the show.
That'll get the phone going.
Everybody wants to talk to Captain Dave Capri to he's sitting here right now.
And if you got any spare cash, by the way, he'll talk to you for all as long as you want.
So you didn't need any money from me after all, huh?
No, I just wanted to go to Vegas.
Oh, he wanted to go to Vegas that weekend.
It would have blown all the damn money.
How do you like that?
Grave robber.
I want some money and Mississippi.
Well, isn't that great?
You look like you belong and Mississippi.
You look like he just came from Aintree.
Doesn't he?
He looks like he just came from Aintree down to Cahulawasi River.
This slime ball.
You're a money in Mississippi.
You've got some light in the sky.
Oh, I bet it does.
You fit in there like a glove.
Like a rubber glove fits in your, in your, in your, exactly.
1216 at WIOD.
The coaches launch on the upcoming season.
Yeah.
On dolphins, 30 of the anniversary timeline.
Yep.
The NFL week by week schedule a much more.
But nothing about us at WIOD.
It flies last and participating.
Nothing about us.
Six, ten.
Nothing about us.
Dolphin, bring you magazine.
Drone's you in part by 1-800-9-NU-R.
Havana, Hightaway, and Havana, Humidor.
Feel good.
Is ticking.
The respective owners of 610 at WIOD are waiting in the wings.
Excessely.
The current owners are waiting in another wing.
Nothing goes wrong.
Sorry to disappoint folks.
But the inmates are now in charge.
A news talk.
I'm on the phone.
I'm on the phone.
I'm on the phone.
I'm on the phone.
I'm on the phone.
And boy, if we got a dolphin story for you guys.
A surprise announcement regarding one of the dolphins newest players.
Titan, Johnny Mitchell has retired as of today.
Maybe his raccom was too tight.
Or maybe it wasn't tight enough as managed.
He knows all about those tight ends.
Mitchell was acquired by the team as a free agent within the past two weeks.
But has been played by injury including back problems.
Before signing with the dolphins, Mitchell played for the jets.
He was expected to be a starter for the fins of season.
Johnny Mitchell has retired.
Whoa!
I think the mad dog better start shooting up again.
You know what the dolphins are going to be, sands tight end.
The way things are looking right now.
I think it's time to start tying up some loose ends if he acts me.
Also with respect for victims and an era of defiance, Atlanta is finalizing plans for reopening the
BOMM Centennial Olympic Park.
Oh!
Officials say the gates to the 21 acre arena will open at 8 a.m. tomorrow for people from all over the world attending the games in Atlanta.
At 10 o'clock minister and former Atlanta mayor Andrew Young.
Oh! He's the minister now. That's what he is.
What do you mean he's always been a minister since he was a baby?
He was a child prodigy minister.
He was one of those little evangelist minister, those little kid evangelists that's on the TV there.
At 10 o'clock minister and former Atlanta mayor and former ambassador to the U.N.
But I guess that don't count.
Wasn't he?
They don't put it in here at all because he's embarrassed. He don't want it as credentials.
He said too many foreigners in that U.N.
Andrew Young will lead the crowd in a prayer for the people who died in the bombing and its aftermath.
And the more than 100 people who were needlessly injured because a bunch of rednecks were heading up security.
The Atlanta committee for the Olympic Games says security will be double.
They insist that a feeling of openness and freedom will be maintained.
So here's Dave Caprita.
So what's the name of the movie you're in?
Come on, pull up that mic.
You're not working well.
I know it's nice to be able to say anybody anymore for that bastard Bud Paxen.
I mean, Mike new boss.
Yeah, what do you have to say about that now that we're going over to we're not moving.
We're moving to Hollywood in a month.
Do you not have that big field?
No, sitting.
No, they're not out there now anyway.
Oh, you want.
Oh, this is I'm telling you that I tell you that this was awake.
It's you I'm Kipper at W.I.O.D.
Here's the booksharrow just handed me.
Thank you so much.
How about a dagger at the same time?
Give it to Caprita.
He looks like an ass murderer.
Don't you think it was a death knelt book here too, by the way?
Really?
Don't you think that it was like sincronicity that as I was pulling into this parking lot?
Oh, that's the name of the song sincronicity.
You played that card.
What's that?
This is your brain.
Isn't that weird?
I played that all the time.
Because we're trying to keep your memory alive.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
But no one overdo it.
Listen to those essence.
Any questions?
Oh, that last one I never noticed that it's piercing.
You were the one that told me only questions.
Yeah, Caprita is the only straight guy that has runaway asses.
Well, we had to have a token straight guy on a show all in Glenn's case.
We didn't really, nobody cared.
We're not really one of them.
We're not sure what that is, okay?
Because have you ever really seen a bird's, you know, you look out there and just a lot of feathers.
We don't know what's under there.
They mold.
They mold.
Yeah.
They multiply.
So the name of the movie is, you don't want to know why?
Because you laugh.
It's a brand.
What's her name?
Why don't you pull it?
It's not a brand dresser.
It's her movie.
Her husband.
You're right.
Well, she's in a movie that's out right now.
Yeah.
Timothy Dalton is her love interest.
Yes.
And it's called the beautician and the beast.
Oh, and what's one do you play?
I'll never tell.
Yeah.
And you have a big role in this movie?
I'm not real.
I made a little money.
You made how much?
How much do you make?
A couple hundred bucks.
A couple hundred bucks.
The scale has got to be more than a couple hundred bucks.
I was there for like one day.
Yeah.
She made a couple grand.
No, I made a couple hundred bucks.
And that's it?
Yeah.
And that was enough to get you back here.
It's amazing.
I made the $200 like I actually got an airplane.
Boy, that Greyhunt bus must have been really comfortable.
I thought they were out of business.
Here's the call from Sagabay.
Hello.
Neil, this is on Olympic diving.
It's sort of off the subject now.
There's a Russian name, soft and it's supposed to be number one.
In Russian named one?
Soft and that's the UTIM.
Yeah.
And everybody calls him the man.
And I was curious about that in a three-month ago.
They call him a man?
The man.
The man.
All his colleagues.
He's on Olympics.
It's really hard to figure it out.
And here's the reason I figured it out by looking.
All right.
He's a young John Holmes.
Yeah.
So you watch it tonight when you get home or whenever he's on his own right now.
Yeah.
And you verify it.
Okay.
Good luck.
Okay.
I heard he's just hanging out and it landed till the games are over.
We have an open line at day 751 book.
Can you hear the, can you hear that?
The way that this thing sounds?
It's not gone.
What do you mean it should be gone?
Well, it should.
But it's not.
Everybody's in such a sour moment.
Oh, man.
This whole town is like, now.
I was in a good mood.
I came into this morning.
I had a fine weekend.
I got a ton for a couple days.
Everything's fine.
I come in here and it's the usual death now on the radio.
They're just dead in a door now.
Everything's the same in this time.
Oh, but worse.
Multiply times 10.
Whenever it was you left, and multiply times a thousand, like I said.
And it's so much, it's deadly.
Because it's not the season.
Don't you out there in LA?
Don't you have the season when most people bail out or like in New York
where everybody leaves town and they come back for two months.
Then they all leave again.
Right now.
Right now what?
They say it's dead in LA right now.
Not like this summer, but it's still.
That's only the cooler talking about.
But when I got, as soon as I got here, I'm listening to the news.
And it's the same thing about massage parlors.
The size is probably the closing up of Bingo.
Butterworth wants to close down the Indian Bingo right or whatever he's
closing the ambulance.
Right.
Right.
Kind of makes me want to move out.
And Joe Harroyo is the mayor of Miami again.
And he wants to chase the Panthers out of town.
And the same old crap.
It's the same thing.
It gets pretty monotonous.
No wonder the people out there watching the Olympics.
Okay.
Watching all these dikes on bikes and stuff.
At least it's something different.
Oh, did you see the, I thought of you last night?
Did you see the gymnastics last night?
With what?
The guys gymnastics?
The Greek guy won?
Yeah.
And you thought he looked good?
Well, no, I just thought Greek kid.
I did see that as a matter of fact.
I thought of you when I was watching because I was sitting in a bar.
Pretty ugly though.
They were talking about how good looking all these people.
No, they were not.
You didn't think that Greek guy was really good looking.
Not in the least if he had some hair he might, uh, with all.
I'll do a apologies on both of our parts.
If he had a little bit of hair, he might look to you.
And what's he trying to do?
Do the Tally Sivalas look?
Is that it?
Too much, too much Boc Levi.
I think 19 years old, the kid is almost bulldozing a cue ball.
That's why you like them.
Yeah, they were beautiful day.
Whatever you say.
1225 at WIOD.
It's the Dave Capredis show featuring Captain Neil, Captain N.
Slimil and the bird.
We're going to bring the bird back too and see if that will put us over the top.
We're going to try anything to see if we can get a collar to these days, huh?
And it's God for a second dumb fork of a town.
Anyway, shopping for mattresses easy when you call 1-800-Matrus.
They've got the best, the biggest selection and savings up to 60% below.
Department store prices.
It's fast.
It's easy.
It's convenient.
I did it.
When I'm at your start to get lumpy and old and crappy, I said,
I'm going to pick up the phone and call that number and dam it I did.
And they were there in no time like the next day.
Just call 1-800-Matrus.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Savings.
You'll talk with professional betting consultants.
You'll choose from all the top brand names.
Whatever you like, they got it.
Sealee Posterpedic.
Simmons Beauty Rest.
Serta Perfect Sleeper.
Dialopedic by Spring Air.
You may want to consider the Late-Tex mattress.
It's made from 100% Late-Tex foam rubber unlike traditional mattresses.
It never needs to be turned.
It's perfect even for the most humid climate like in here.
And conforms to your body for the highest degree of comfort and support.
And comes with a 20-year non-pro rated warranty.
The 1-800-Matrus can give convenient delivery now from the keys to Jacksonville.
And your new mattress will be backed by a 30-day comfort exchange policy.
The Ravens fell in mattress with only 1S in the body of the copy.
All right.
For the best prices up to 60% below department store prices.
The best selection and convenient delivery call 1-800-Matrus M-A-T-T-R-E-S.
And be sure to axe about the free pillow offer with every complete betting set too.
1-800-Matrus M-A-T-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S because it's running away from Captain Dave's lips.
Oh, dear.
So what do you want to know Dave?
Love 94, let's see.
3-4.
Yeah, they stay about the same but Bud listens to what he likes that music song.
As long as Bud likes the music, that's what it's all about.
Love 94 will always be there. Zeta went to the roof.
I hear, I'm telling you, do you think it's that?
Do you think it's the, is that better?
Did that change anything or what?
Did it change it?
It's because, you know, something I don't have his mic on, Mr. Smarty Pat.
So it's not because there's a second.
No, because you turn the overhead down.
What are you talking about?
Before a second ago when we heard that thing, his microphone was off.
Now it's on.
Do you hear any difference?
Not right at the moment.
Okay.
Do we really care?
I don't.
No, no.
But at least it's something to talk about.
Okay, let's go to a plantation.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Real great.
Say hi to Dave Caprita.
Hello, Mr. Caprita.
Hello, sir.
What's your question?
What's your question?
Speaking of Larry King, Neil, I got a, you know, you, you, you've been going off about
dykes.
Yeah.
And I don't understand, you know, like Larry, you said.
Long me $50.
Like Larry King said, you know, what do you care?
Well, who cares?
I mean, you're a big goddamn Jew Faggot.
We don't care your Neil.
Yeah.
Who cares?
That wouldn't mean who cares.
In other words, you, you want to watch a bunch of so-called sports with, with supposedly
women athletes or nothing but a bunch of bull bikes on steroids.
Is that your idea of watching sports?
I think somebody ought to care.
In other words, I, if they want to call it the dyke Olympics, fine.
But how about a little truth in labeling?
I, I, I tell you I'm a Jew Fag, okay?
I have no problem with that.
Why can't these dykes be a little bit more intellectually honest?
Is there something wrong with that?
They're not there to talk.
They're there to do their, their, their sports.
They're there to beat the crap out of each other.
They're right.
Yeah.
Right.
They're, they're, they're to dyke it up.
Right.
Okay.
Right?
Right.
Okay.
Bye.
Thanks.
I was on a street in Pembroke Pines last night.
It's called dykes.
Have you seen them?
Even one of the, even one of the swimmers, their name is Van Dyken.
One of the dyke swimmers there.
I mean, you know that most of these women, the so-called women athletes are bull dykes?
How come these people are so slow here?
They said, oh, who cares?
Don't tell us these things.
We don't want to hear it.
Even though it's true.
They already have the gay Olympics.
Let the facts go to the gay Olympics, except the good looking guys.
See, one thing about the male athletes.
And I'm not talking about the divers because they're all mostly fags.
And they're in the gymnast.
They're all fags.
And the figure skaters and the winner Olympics, we know they're all fags.
Like I said, they're all fags.
Isn't that what I just said?
Have we have any straight guys in the world?
What would be wrong with having the straight Olympics?
I said that last week and they all looked at me like, what are you talking about?
You faggot.
Are you trying to spoil our fun?
What would be wrong with having straight Olympics?
Having a bunch of beautiful young women and beautiful young straight guys.
There's good looking straight people.
In all these straight people, the Olympics.
All the straight people watching the Olympics.
Right.
All the straight people are watching the faggots out there thinking they're watching something that they're not.
Boy, they just get sucked in every time, don't they?
They, they're straight.
The straight people just get sucked in every, they don't even know they're getting sucked in.
God almighty.
See, Capri don't understand.
That's why we had a great show on Zeta because I had one guy that understood what I was talking about.
And the other one that was flitting around like a bumblebee in heat.
That's what made for a great show.
Here I'm sitting here talking stuff and it's like, what language is he speaking?
What is this man saying?
He's another sports board.
He's peeing in our parade.
That's right.
They're having a good time.
They think they're enjoying this crap.
They really think that this is the cat's meow.
The badminton games and the volleyball and the women's paddle pole, whatever the hell they're pulling.
That's they're having a good time with us.
They think this is sports.
They're rowing the equestrian.
The badminton is what slays me though.
Badminton.
And now they're going to have ballroom dancing.
They've had ballroom dancing before.
No.
That's new.
That's brand.
That you're thinking of Arthur and Catherine Murray.
And they're coming back for this by the way.
They're going to make a big comeback.
Here's a mobile in the gables.
Hello.
Hey guys.
Oh, thank God Capri.
It's here.
The phones are smoking now.
Yeah, when Capri comes in, that's all they think about is smoking.
I got something for Captain Dave.
Okay.
I'm going to have a good laugh here.
Dave.
What?
Remember when he was really excited.
Remember, date it back in the old days, you know, the I-
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What is that spot there on the next thing?
I'm not doing that spot.
That's not one of my spots.
That's a Rick Riley spot.
Yeah, don't do the pizza lot.
Let me do it.
No, we're not doing that spot.
Go ahead.
What's the question?
Remember a long time ago, one day Neil had to go to the bathroom.
And he kept asking if he was going to be there.
Yeah, a long time ago, one day.
You're right.
I remember that day.
God was it a great day.
Yeah.
Oh, the best day of my life, yeah.
Dave, Dave will remember.
Dave will remember because him and the bird were there.
Remember, he said that is the coast clear.
And he finds that, yeah, it is, yeah, it is.
I was next call.
I called back after Neil got back in the bathroom.
He got back like an amen to half.
He didn't miss the...
Oh, I don't miss a beat.
And then I said, Neil, did you wash your hands?
And he said, what's it to you, sir, whether I wash my hands or not?
I remember that.
Remember?
I thought I had that on tape somewhere.
He had it so funny.
And Neil finally got, you know, bent out of shape that didn't wash his hands.
And he took it down, so I thought that was pretty funny.
I got news for it.
Let me tell you again, when you go to Michigan State, the first thing they teach you is that
if you go to the bathroom no matter which numbers you may be doing, you only wash your hands
if you need to.
Yeah.
Now, if you know how to do your business in a sanitary way, you don't have to wash your hands.
But I have to pull that up with that wash your hands.
I don't know how you can do that.
Oh, but when you have the expertise that some of us do, like in Russia, when you can fold it up into like tiny little, you know.
Dave, Neil's a great, but we missed those days with the bird.
No, that was pretty funny.
Oh, and now we missed the bird, huh?
Now you're really getting carried away.
You're really nearly got to admit the three of them was one of the playing things of all.
You know, that morning show was the best show that was ever on this in this market.
That's right.
Of all time.
But you know something you can't live in the past.
I was just going to say that the best advice that Neil gave, remember one time I called you about three or four years ago.
And I was saying, I don't have any money for it.
Dave.
Uh-huh.
And I was like saying, gosh, don't you want to put a morning show together and stuff like that.
And you hollered at me on the phone and say, you can't live in the past.
Right.
That was the best advice anybody has ever gave me.
He wants to resurrect what we had before you can't do it.
But Dave, did you play an axe murder in this movie or would you play?
Uh, I play a soldier.
Okay.
Did you get a line?
I did a line.
No, I know that.
Did you get one?
Probably did several lines before the movie.
Uh, no, I'm just ominous looking.
I got paid a chunk of money just to look mean.
Well, maybe someone you like and get another movie.
If you saw him right now, trust me.
Nobody's going to like him.
Okay.
Okay, I got to go real bad now.
So I got to go real bad.
Josh, what a memory to think about.
You take a dump.
Here's a, here's the good.
Let's go to show you why do people enjoy the Olympics.
They have such a rich full life.
Here's a guy that remembers the last time I took a dump.
What day it was, what texture it was, how long it took a minute and a half.
Whether I washed my hands, what kind of germs, if it was E. coli.
Oh my god.
That's Miami.
Woo.
Have these people got a rich full life or what?
Do you think in LA they'd be talking about how long you took a dump?
I think in LA they'd be talking about the Michael Jackson on KBC.
In fact, that's what his show is.
Basically is BM.
You should go out there and the AM.
You should be on the radio out there.
I hate it there.
As much as I dislike it here, I hate it there.
Well, at least there's things to do.
You like it there?
Yeah.
You like Los Angeles?
There's things I hate about it, but I love a lot of it.
Like what?
What is there to like besides all those gross bikers there on a sunset?
And what do you like?
The movies that you can go just about to any type of movie
that's ever been made, whether it's 20 years old or whether it's some little independent film,
and you can go to a nice theater and watch it.
The people are quiet.
They're not sitting there with their children screaming and crying,
and people are actually silent in the movie theater.
And they don't have a bunch of old people repeating the dialogue?
No.
Or people going to watch this, watch this.
Right.
Oh, just wait.
Now he's going to take the knife and stab her right through the...
Oh, it's going to be beautiful.
I saw that movie.
Did you?
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD.
Dave Caprede is in town.
What is the purpose of this visit?
It's the will of God.
No, seriously.
What brings you back here, as much as you bellyache in about how it sucks here,
which there's no debate on that.
Why would you come back here especially now in the middle of the dog days?
Well, I was visiting some friends and relatives in North Florida,
and I just got in the car to give the pack of cigarettes.
And the next thing I know, I was going down the turnpike toward...
Going down the hercye highway, huh?
Yeah.
Sonny Foxen's his best regards to, by the way.
That suckle.
What happened to him?
He's still over there.
Oh, boy, you want to see some numbers?
Get your reading glasses out.
1236 at WIOD.
In Chicago, a man walks up to a fast food counter in order's French fries.
3,000 miles away at the same time in Hong Kong,
a woman drops a bowling ball on her foot.
Is it a coincidence?
Or psychic phenomenon?
In Peru, three men walk into a forest.
Meanwhile in New Jersey, halfway around the world, a man puts on a skirt.
Thousands of incidents like these are reported every day around the world.
What do they mean?
Well, now there may be an answer with the new Time Life book series.
Send us 9.95 each week for the next five years,
and we'll send you book after book after book with colorful pages and illustrations
of meaningless events and insignificant occurrences.
A man in Toledo stops for a red light.
Meanwhile in Miami, a woman touches a pig.
You decide.
Two order meaningless events and insignificant occurrences call 1-900-555-S-C-A-M.
Okay, so a woman in Miami touches a pig.
Maybe she's looking for a corkscrew, I don't know.
1239 at WIOD.
We're looking for your thing.
What's the name of that thing you got?
That's Stand Major One.
We'll cook up this morning.
What is that called?
I don't know.
Stand Major Blues.
Oh, yeah.
It's in the DCS.
Oh, it's in the DCS?
Oh, Dave Caprede made it into the DCS on two bits.
Not only this is the new Roger Show, but also on the E, which I can't find, by the way.
So if I got hit by a bus later today, at least I leave a light.
It's not in there.
I thought it was.
Uh, George Jesus.
God, I could already have the thing in my hand in a cart, too, by now.
It's in the DCS.
It's in there.
Used to be.
Yeah.
Everything used to be.
Probably the cops being honest.
Probably the cops people came through and rifled through all the good stuff
to make sure that once the sale goes through, we're left like with nothing.
We're left with a bunch of, uh, you know, how to learn to spell with Darnel.
Woke up at 2 p.m.
Faced down in a gutter.
My mouth tasted like mong.
My brain was like butter.
Crawled up on my feet and brushed myself off.
Little Prostokin.
Yeah.
Started to cough.
Reached in my pocket.
Pulled out my trusty AM radio.
Got ready for the evening with a stand major show.
That's all I can handle a bit.
You miss the singing part.
Oh, evening with a stand.
At least you're gonna play it.
Got ready for the evening with a stand major show.
Oh, no.
No, no, it's right.
In other words, if you're gonna commit suicide, that's, and you're gonna do it during the evening,
that's the way to get ready for it.
Turn on stand.
So yeah, I saw a stand in the parking lot there by a heavenly cheesecake.
So we're now filling cleary one day and it was a very depressing moment in my life.
It's here.
And he also looked smootchy like you with the beard and the holla.
So I guess when you were falling on tough times, you can't afford a BIC.
Is that what it is?
I thought he was a big famous network talk show host on Westwood or something like that.
Yeah, Westwood one half.
Yeah.
No, what happened?
He's on a 400 radio station.
He's there with a combined power of 10 watts.
I heard it in Arizona one day.
Did you?
And how was he doing?
He was better than he used to be.
Yeah.
I was never a big fan of his show, but he sounded entertaining.
Here that stand, Capita said you suck.
I'd like to stand personally.
Personally, it's not personal, it's business.
In my case, it's both stand.
How's the money coming?
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Let me say it again.
One more time.
Hello.
Oh, yeah, hold on a sec.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Who's that asshole you got on there?
Dave Capita.
Oh, what an asshole.
Man, get him off the air.
Man, your ratings are going down the toilet.
Yeah, it sounds like you're going down the toilet.
Yeah, down the toilet.
A Julio Archie bunker.
How do you like that?
Hey, eat it.
Eat it.
Yeah, eat this.
We have an open line in date.
7519-463-751 Julio.
Another discontent spick.
Okay, here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to tell you about something that happened at the post office.
I consider it fraud.
And I...
The more things change, the more they say the same.
Yeah.
I went to buy some stamps and they have all these cute little things.
It's like jazz musicians and Georgia O.K. flowers.
And they had some James Dean.
And he's looking really hot.
Yeah, no.
Yeah.
And I go up to pay.
And the other ones are like six bucks and some change.
And the James Dean one, which has the same number of stamps, is 2995.
Because it's autograph.
And I said to the guy, wait a minute.
Autograph by whom?
By James Dean?
I'm not kidding.
Maybe by John Dean.
Not James Dean.
No, no, no, no.
Maybe Jimmy Dean.
They're selling it for 2995 with the same number of stamps.
Because it's autograph.
So I tell the guy that and he goes, oh no, it's got to be a mistake.
It's got to be...
He's only been dead for 40 years.
That's what I told him.
But I swear to you, this is what the post office is up to.
Yeah.
Much of grave robbers over there at the post office, you're ripping us off.
If we know this game, you're pulling over there.
I also have something else happen.
And I guess I don't get out of the house enough.
Right, like most people here, yes?
Yeah, it was too scary out there.
I mean, you know, too many locals.
But I go to the public to park.
And like the first few are blue for handicaps.
Yeah, the first 6,000 spaces are blue, right?
Right.
And then the next one is ATM-old.
Just think of this.
If you keep having to walk a two and a half miles to get to the store pretty soon,
you'll be handicapped too.
And you can park in one of those 5,000 blue spaces.
Well, that's what I wanted to ask you.
You know, after the handicapped and the ATM designated,
there was a new green one with a baby buggy.
Yeah.
So if you're a handicapped...
A green one with a baby buggy?
Yeah.
You could only park there if you have like a little kid, you know?
Yeah.
So if you're handicapped...
So in other words, if you want to get up close to your supermarket,
kidnap somebody's little kid and stick it in the baby buggy
and you can park real close and personal.
Right.
And if you want to take some old people and babies and use the ATM,
can you park sideways across six of those?
Only fags can do that.
They park on a slant.
Oh, this town makes me...
It's unbelievable, yeah.
How about if they just had a parking spot for normal people like us?
I'm not sure they see the need.
Yeah.
Okay, sweetheart.
Take your walker next time.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
So the selling James Dean things at the post office stamps autographed by Sal Minio.
So anyway, so this movie with Richard Gear, primal fear with Richard Gear?
I heard it was really good.
Did you hear it was really good?
Well, I really don't know what to make of it.
In other words, the movie itself was okay and then the ending was just spastic.
I mean, it just blows you away and then you don't know what to do with that point.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Like once upon a time in America, you invest three and a half hours watching that.
And then it gets to the end and you say, holy crap, it was a great movie.
But what just happened?
And it's the same thing in this movie.
So you aspire to be like Richard Gear, is that it?
You came to South Florida to find a lot of like small pets to take back to LA with you?
Rodins.
Well, you'll find lots of those here.
In fact, check in programming.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Where's time callers?
All right, Mon.
Hey, I want to know about the ask you diets.
The one?
The ask you diets?
Yes.
Is that like a book in some similar?
The Ruben.
The Ruben ask you diets.
Huh?
Yeah.
Let me ask you what I can eat for lunch.
That's how it works.
You ask, uh, yeah.
Where can I find a book?
Where can you find it?
Probably in a bookstore would be a good idea.
Or maybe in the library.
Hey, um, can you play Neil Gottfelley?
Okay.
All right.
Get out of here.
Get your Ruben anna boat and get out of town.
Well, yeah.
Open line in day, seven, five, one.
See, that's one of the great parts about South Florida.
I'm like, uh, what you got all the legal aliens from Mexico out there.
We have all these Caribbean.
We have it.
It's like somebody keeps flushing the toilet down there.
And like I told George before, it all keeps coming upstream.
There's nothing more gentile than the people from the Caribbean.
I've discovered that.
Gentile.
Wow.
The Mexican people are very nice.
Are they?
Mm-hmm.
Then why do you keep doing all kinds of terrible things to them out there?
Me.
Why does your governor keep trying to attack all those poor legal aliens who are just trying to better themselves and make a living for themselves and have a place to eat their burritos?
What's all that wrong with that prick?
That Italian.
What's his name?
Wilson?
Oh, Pete Wilson.
That Italian.
Hey, he must have changed it.
That damn fascist piece of crap.
It's that he looks like Benito Mussolini on a bad day.
He's more flip floppy than Bush was.
Yeah.
He's got a flip floppy bush, huh?
I believe that.
Here's a, yeah, he's another one calling the pot, calling the kettle pink, him and Ed Davis.
He saw the light all of a sudden.
Ed Davis.
Remember, and who's the other one?
You got Bob Dornin and then Bill Danemire.
They got the biggest Nazis in America in California.
Oh, you ought to really fit in like a glove out there and a one you look like an ass murderer.
Boy, it smells like somebody farted in here.
Is he, is he cutting, breaking, and here or what?
Or is that your cigar?
Look at the size of that thing.
It's an 898 from one of our fine sponsors.
Jesus.
I was going to bring you guys some cigars from California.
I'm serious that the smoke from that thing is just pouring through the vents in here.
Yeah, I could smell it now.
It smells like, I mean, with me, I just stick to my little ones, because it's something that makes me feel comfortable about myself.
Here's Daniel. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Nice job on this call.
Yeah, I'd like to digress if I may from that theme of today's show, the Olympics and all.
Make a, a small, a very small point, all admit.
Okay.
There's an expression in this country that has become a very tired and overused phrase.
And what is that, sir?
Well, say, now I've been eating ham and eggs for years and God damn it.
I'm proud to be a ham and egger.
Yeah.
And?
Well, I'm proud to be a ham and egger.
Every time some jackass is pitching a moment about somebody, somebody gets called a ham and egger.
Well, God damn it.
I'm a ham and egger.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
And you wonder what there's that bad hum on that line, huh?
Open line in the blue line and Broward, 5249463.
Oh, he's talking about the hammer.
He called the hammer a what?
Do you hear what he called the hammer?
An egger.
An egger.
Oh, I think he's got a point.
When it's down, he's casting on his belly, rude.
Who say there's too much fat in the Mexican food?
Oh, he made it, I go and they.
You know who that sounds like?
Mix Lewis.
Is it?
It does sound like him.
All right, let's listen.
That's not like Mitch Lewis to me.
Well, probably get a spy report on that.
He's listening.
Everybody over there.
So they're not in a Carroll city anymore.
And they haven't been I and Z and love and light bulb and she and there are other 85 local
stations are in 187th and 440.
All stuff in that little bill.
We're going up in Hollywood where magic used to be.
We're going to be in all by ourselves.
We're not going anywhere with all those go in.
We're going to be in our own facility where magic used to be.
That's good.
We're sunny Fox left all the stuff.
We'll probably find a lot of stuff around laying in there.
Yeah.
We're sunny Fox left all the good stuff.
He's off of that.
Yeah, I believe you, sunny.
But yeah, we're going to be there.
We're going to be doing magic, making magic and that building.
And as we speak, they're building a polatial brand new with all new digital stuff in there.
I tell you what but of which will probably work for what we need.
But it's going to look very impressive.
Buddy, but knows how to take care of the equipment.
Now, what now?
Why do you say that now?
Why do you come here and suck around with buddy but you know, that's true.
That's one of the best equipment.
You had a fine job there.
They left you alone at 1194.
Dean Goodman never stole a freight train.
They were always very nice.
They were nice to you.
They paid you a reasonable lot of sensational, but a reasonable amount of cash.
Enough to shave anyway.
And you bad mouth them every time you come over here.
You carry on.
I remember bad mouth.
I carry on like a child and about how they wouldn't let you say that.
Don't say my name on the ear because they're kind of their child.
Oh, that I thought was kind of their child.
They're psychotic and their childish and the accident is an ax murder and all the terrible things.
They said that.
They were trying to get back.
Is that it?
They always let me think whatever I wanted.
I think they want you back in the morning.
I don't think so.
I think they do.
Seriously.
I got another.
That's a rumor I just heard.
I've got another year of acting classes to go and then maybe I'll consider back here.
When you said you got a couple hundred bucks for that grade Z role in a movie with the
nanny, a friend, Drescher, I mean that's not going to cut the mustard.
How long can you live on that?
You know what?
What is really where is your income?
You know where my source of income is?
I'll tell you where it is.
It's like about every two or three months for that Stallone movie.
I get this huge check.
And I was like I got like two lines in the movie.
Well, how much is the check?
Every two or three months I get a check for like ten or fifteen grand.
And I pay my bills and buy some groceries.
You know what I mean?
Every two or three months.
Every quarter.
Every quarter.
You get a residual check.
So you're making about 40 or 60 grand for about a ten second role in some grades Z Stallone
and for doing squat.
The rest of the time.
You know.
So how come you called me for a loan at time?
How come you're asking me for money when you're making more money for sitting on your
ass than most of these poor bastards that were in your ass.
I feel guilty.
You should feel guilty calling me for money.
I was really, this goes on making more than half hour than you're going to make in the next six months.
That was before one of those checks came in.
I was starving.
I was eating out of gas stations and wearing rags.
And I called up and I said, look at you now.
Yeah, no.
I rest my case.
1253 at WIOD.
