I'm Jennifer Rem news talk and entertainment radio six ten so Jennifer Rick wants to apologize
I just want to say one thing okay and that is take all the time you want the mark of a professional is not to make
Excuses. I mean we're all human. We all make mistakes but the reality here is four minutes after 12
He was supposed to be out of here at 10 o'clock this morning and he's using your show to make excuses
For the deficiencies and hits and that's really all I have to say it's unprofessional
It's weak and it's getting kind of boring
Anybody have a hard or a liver? Yeah, and that's it
That's it you want to respond to what Jennifer said
Basically apparently she's criticizing the content of your show because you invited me in here
No, I'm criticizing you for spending the next two hours of your day
Yeah, Nio said come on in sit down
So you're criticizing me because I took him up on his invitation
I think you're making excuses. I think you'd be better off getting in your car and going home
Yeah, she's working on your show tomorrow morning. What I don't want to pull words in her mouth
I don't think she's criticizing you for staying
I think she's criticizing you for staying for the purpose of
scapegoating the two two share in the morning. Yeah making excuses
Rick in all sincerity your time would be better spent if you got in your car went home and
Prepared for a real show tomorrow morning without
Get baby without slamming the news department without slamming Steve nickel Bob Green Paxon or anybody else
Just do your job and so basically Neil can do that, but I can't
I'm saying you're wasting everybody's time and I've got to go back to the newsroom and prepare the one o'clock
See a Jennifer
See you have a wet spot in your chair right now. No, I don't unless you left it there because I
You didn't do it. No, I don't you were just chomping at the bit waiting for you her to finish the news so she could come back and we would have a
I do that frequently with her at the end of the news just like I did with Jackie at the 10 o'clock news when I asked her if she
I felt that she was responsible for the demise of our morning show on this radio station superb conductor
Yeah, and you invited me in here, but yet she criticized me. What if I had said no Neil? I'm not gonna come in here
What about it?
So then you wouldn't have come in here
Why would I turn down the invitation you said would you please come in and sit down? I didn't say please at all
I never said the audience. I owed you time. Sit down. Sit your ass down and let's air the sound right
And you gave a rather descriptive because you stood there in the doorway as usual and went through this
hysterical routine about the people sliding doors and having fits in the news room
And they were all bent out of shape into place coming unglued as well as you know me
I have never been hysterical about anything well as close to it but not hysterical in tone, but just hysterical in
mindset
Yes, hey
It was a hysterical confrontation, but you said you always be Mr. was what you said you owe me mister
Yeah, I said okay, I'll sit down and then I said I'll be here an hour
Every night North Miami. Hello. Yes. How you doing? You'll listen to chronic. Yes, it is
I just wanted to let Rick know that I will not be listening from two to six
Unfortunately, I don't think a show is very interesting. Yeah, and mr. Echo the other guy suds is just echoing these little jokes
You can hardly hear so you don't like their show is what you're saying don't like their show
Let me ask you this yes if we could get Chuck Meyerback
If that's not gonna help if we could have Chuck doing the news and bonding and interacting with Rick and suds in the afternoon
Would that sway you in any way? No, I wouldn't sway me at all. I'll make a note to miss you sir
Well, hey, I'm sorry. Yeah, nothing personal. I don't know you personally
But as as you're as a as a show it is boring. You don't talk about anything
Once I listen to you once and you were you were taking a consensus of McDonald's delivers and you spend 20 minutes
Trying to find out if for any McDonald's and Miami delivers to your home. I mean that's got to be the most boring thing next to sports
I mean who the next next next to sports the sports. Yeah
I'm sorry, you know, I love your show, but when you talk about hockey, I don't listen. Okay
Well, that's good. We got rid of him right
Hey world cup tonight game number two eight o'clock in Montreal
I'm gonna play hockey highlights for four hours. It's the smartest to piss him off
He's a chronic but at least he admitted it in the beginning who cares about him
You don't care about it at all. I don't
Here's the lady in my in other words. He's hard to please. He like he likes me
But he doesn't listen when I talk about hockey or sports, which is a great deal of what I talk about
So he doesn't listen very much and he hates you guys, but felt compelled to call and be heard right
An accurate snout. I should have asked him if he likes Phil. I'm sure he likes Phil
Okay, so Mark Hopkins in the other room with dark glasses on waiting to participate in the blood bath
He would like to throw in a couple of cents worth
No, it's seriously. We're gonna invite everybody in the building to come in today and trash somebody
We don't care who you trash who you rip what kind of cost of comments you have
Which is one of the great
Fatick is an asshole is what he said which I find very
In temperate remark Greg and I have always gotten along fairly well
And he does covet that studio their next door and he does
He does play bush boss from time to time, but asshole
I think might be stretching it just a little bit as in breakfast. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello
Now yes, sir
About what
About
Yeah, but your phone is like it sounds like Woody Woodpecker's got his thing in it. He does
Listen early in the morning. It sounds like he's got his wood in it. Yeah, at six o'clock in the morning
When you're getting up and you're ready to go to work and everything you you don't want to hear somebody whining and moaning and grown
And like really does all the time
Then why are you listening every morning to know that I do that at six a.m
I turned you off and I listen to my cranberry
Yeah
Then how do you know I do it every morning you're wrong. I don't do that every morning
Well every time I listen to you it seems like you're
Apparently they you're picking along you're picking around days I guess
Or something your kids or your wife or your
Yeah, that's right. Why?
And that's that doesn't
How come you can't be more like me and never hear me belly ache intervention about anything
Well, I mean first thing in the morning, you know you you're ready to get called what would you like us to talk about sir
We'll start tomorrow. Oh, sometimes you're hysterical
You're funny yourself, but yeah, what was that so okay? Well, let me just make a note no wives no kids in that last guy no McDonald
No, let me ask you something. What about Chuck?
Sir everybody's got all their own problems nobody wants to hear you talk about yours
Okay, listen to me. Are you pleased thank you Leah would you please listen to me sir if we had Chuck Meyer if we brought Chuck in tomorrow on a freight train
I don't even know who Chuck's Myers is what I want to hear him
Okay, see I think you're embarking up the wrong tree. Yeah, okay. Thanks pal
Thanks for the high marks
I think you're embarking up the wrong tree. I don't think Chuck Meyer is the answer to your career the so
But he said you I don't think that's a truck. I mean I like Chuck. He's a great news guy like I said how about best in the market
I already I already went through that again. You want me to continue with the peeing all over his leg and we'll have a flood in here pretty soon
But the fact is that having a great news guy is not relevant to whether or not people are gonna want to do you think people listen to Howard because they like the news on his show
You know, it's a majority of his show from what I've heard robin is always doing the news and he is always commenting
Would you say that robin is a great news person?
No, yeah, and who used to do the news on my show on Zeta
I thought he was great the bird right
Yeah, I knew but do you think he's a great news? It was news. It was news like I'd never heard before. Yeah, that's what we're all looking for oh
Oh, there's a different news like that
Yeah
But I don't know why he's bringing up Chuck does the news like the bird I don't know what no
Did Chuck didn't do the news like the bird you just got your saying yeah? I said it was innovative
You said does Chuck do news like that that's innovative. I said yeah
Chuck do you do the news like the bird?
Chuck Chuck Chuck he'll queue up in a minute. Oh, yeah, he does the news like the bird
He does
So anyway, welcome to blood bath part one which I think this isn't the end
This is like Chicago said only the beginning. I don't you know, I don't it's not gonna be productive
It's not useful, but it sure kills some good time and the stimuli. It's a lot of calls and probably get a lot of people talking about this damn radio station again
Which is I think gotta be productive even if they're ripping us an ass
Let's let's I'm a serious let's start our own damn self promotion here for the next 18 days or whatever it is
Because we know we're sure not gonna get any from Cox or the smart key out front still says coast your way through the workday
97.3 coast this
You notice that no talk about bush league and unprofessional. Do you know that from the day this station was sold
There has never been one mention on that marquee of anything related to the AM
I'm very aware and including the dolphins which always were no matter what else was going on in the world
When there was a dolphin game broadcast on here with our 70 hour free game show it was all not that the marquee
I mean, I'll nothing but geeks drive on this road anyway, but it's just it's just a
Symptomatic of the whole attitude that they've got is that the marquee says nothing about the AM and never will till they get we get away from them
Right spite right how many years ago did I tell you that the operative word here was spite
71214 at radio spite
W. What?
Spite
Once you go pro's act you'll never go back rickinson six to 10 a.m. on news talk at entertainment radio
610 WIOD that is another lie okay
No, you know it you know that's a lie
What when one was doing the news in the morning when he was filling in which I think he's a fine news
No, you don't
One
A little flat and a little deadpan so in other words you're not you're not interested in having a good news guy
Come on Phil and having a good new go. Oh, she's that's so much is great. Yeah
Let's have Phil come in here and be the arbiter of this this is great
Great
So who do you want to rip me say I yeah and do it in your own voice when I said yeah
That's a good guy really made me angry. I didn't hear it. I didn't hear it. Yeah, I know
I know it's taking shots at us. He was taking shots and you did not defend us my friend Phil Hendry
Yeah, part of rain shut down. Yeah, exactly
But I remember asking Bob because you would said to me
I guess it was about a year ago you said you know we had very big numbers in the afternoon
Yeah, you said you had sixes no you they never had sixes
What are you talking about are you are you in that
I read your part in 2554 you had sixes
Absolutely sir
In 12 plus we had a five knives. Okay. I asked Bob he said that you were a liar
About that about what that you never have Bob Green Bob a Lou yeah, Bob a Lou
Let's go pull up the old books. It's easy to find Barbara green easy to find
Buckburg green Barbara green said that but yeah, yeah, yeah, how you doing? She's great. She's looking good
She uh she told me that you guys never had those kinds of numbers
It's easy to verify. Huh? It's easy to verify whether we do it. I don't think you did either
But you made I think you're like embellishing a little in other words
But I first you start with a four and then it becomes a five and it's the the passage of time
You know it becomes a six let me tell you something. I had a bonus of $10,000 if I got a 5.1. Yeah, I got a 5.12 plus
Yeah, I got a 5.0. They didn't give it to us. Yeah, okay. I've had that too. I missed by a tenth of a point
They don't give it to you. We hit 12 plus numbers of 5.0. Yeah, we had 2554
What did I have in the sixes? I don't know this right after Alex Bennett left
This is like this is our first deal before we were actually even under contract. That was our first book out of the hole
Second, excuse me second book out of the hole. Yeah after Alex Bennett in a dump in in in in 12 plus 12 plus in 2554 numbers were higher than that
Now and and I think you brought that up to take a shot at me. No, I did not I think that you were hurt by it's what
Well Rick has said very often that his numbers in the afternoon were better than yours. I know you have one great book
I had one book in the winter of 95 and that was it and that we still just you know is a great talent without a book
No, that's the truth. I mean that's not it though in my target demo
I always I hit number one six out eight books in our target
Yeah target demo, which is like men which you know goes to show you smarter than I am
Well, I mean that just that was a part if I want to head the bonus based on men
I'd have had my bonus every book since I've been here for eight years
But being a schmuck and being easily influenced and easily caught. Oh, you don't need an agent. You know, we'll take a yeah
We want screw you did the guy ever calling him by the way that no that's guy contract tampering did
When's he caught? I don't know but he spoke of you highly. Yeah
John Buckwell spoke of you
I like our fuck well speaks highly of you and
And Mitch Dolan the general manager wabc and Johnny Dolan
Down there in the urinal so I think Johnny's on the line right now with a crank call what had been in to say is today that upset you
It didn't upset me it upset Adam. I did not hear it. What had been in to say oh that crap about that
He was on while you weren't afternoon there would have been more crossover
Well, there would have been more cycling learning audience to afternoon. Yeah, I didn't hear that
Yeah, I didn't hear that part about how the morning the morning audience oftentimes turns their radio off part when Margaret was on a few days ago
Rip in me for too much for the hockey hockey hockey or whatever. She was ripping it about how I was a jealous
Oh, she doesn't like us either she hates me because I'm glad to see the fact that fills go to LA
She's not staying is she cuz I'll be glad to see her girl. Yeah, okay. She's gone
Then you know something I am jealous of the fact that he's going to LA not but I wouldn't want to work for this company there
Right you'd want to work on Los Angeles
What have I told you you told me you hated Los Angeles. I do why would you want to work there?
Well, I mean, there's only he said here there. Yeah, exactly
There's there's a better play of
That room where you can hide there you have to live like in Watts
Right you don't have to Hollywood hills and look to see if you can see the sign every day and find your way home
I have conveyed the same sentiment have it. Yeah, that's right. Well, you know, we're can we do a break?
I wanted to ask you question. Well, I don't want to have time to ask
Why have I never want to try why haven't I never gone gone beyond why have you never broken out of Miami and done what you should do and that is
Go to a one of the top five markets. Are you again trying to lure me to break my contract with the Paxon people?
I think I think
And I say this about Rick and suds too. I think that you're you're deserving so in other words
As you leave what you would like to see is a total disintegration of W. I. D. with that with that make you feel better in other words
Then then you can tell your then you can tell your grandchildren say you know when I left that place it went in a crapper man
It's just completely disintegrated. Let me ask you something do you have a part of the break?
Please I think I can because it's 1222 and W I O D
Use talking entertainment radio
610
W I
O D
Okay, 1225
Thanks Chuck. So let me ask you a question. Do you think that Chuck Myers the answer to the Rick and suds?
Jesus
Rick and suds you're starring Chuck Myers. Right.
Sure. He's trying to Chuck. Yeah, we used to feature Chuck a lot. It's like your show of show is featuring Sid Caesar
It's tough to prep a morning show, isn't it?
I mean seriously because you get up and would you please get on mic please right here. There you go
Yeah, tough to prep a morning show. Yeah, but that's a question. I always wanted to ask you and why you wouldn't bust out
Oh, that's right. We were back at market envy because I made a lot of good career decisions
Well, actually when I was still doing regular talk when I went to Nashville when I left the WNWS
And I went to Nashville LA see and I was a disaster for a month with those pickers
I thought god I get a guy out of here and I had a deal with WWW DB and Philly Philly right and I was going to work for them
Jerry Williams was there and Irv Homer and those guys
And the day that I was supposed to leave I went in and say goodbye to the Casper and he sweet talked me and to come back down here to WS news
So my furniture all went up to Philly
And I came back down here and I had to wait like a week to get my furniture back
But that's and I've had all kinds of chances, you know the ABC people were enchanted with me and the guys who like
There's Walt Sabo that got a lot of trouble. Well, Sabo hired us for waxing. Did he? Yeah, well he's
Consulting Kaley's while he's the one who put the guys on a KFI in the afternoon
And it was supposed to be like Rick and Sun. That's a saboteur for the John and the John and John can yeah
Which means nothing to this audience so we got to get back to why would you want to go somewhere and start nothing to this line
Why do somebody want to leave it? I'll give you an example Jerry Williams in Boston
How long has he been there 30 years for maybe I heard him in 75 when I was in I've been there at least 35 years
Okay came down here to WNWS for a year out of Boston right hated it
I mean he had we had a gigantic book. We had humongous numbers. I think he had a six four
I was on a night. I had an 11 something and
Alice Rantel had a fiber we had enormous numbers. They were all old of course because of the you know kind of talk
But he hated it here and got mugged on the air the last night before he left
I was on the air he came in to say goodbye and then he walked out into the hallway
There were two black guys out there who would who mugged him
And they're running around the building and he comes in
Clutching his neck and they've yanked off the chain off his neck and his watch and I don't know what he's talking about
I had to give out the somebody please call 911 on the air on the years you never heard that was in the radio station
Yes, he got mugged in the station
And it was like this it was like a room the studio was a room where there's only one way out
There's no windows no place to go and thank God that they never a great idea and somebody yelled out
Hey, it's a radio station and which they had no idea what the building was because it looked like an office building
You know little uh whatever and so when they found out that we were on the air they panicked and they ran out
And that was the last night he was he came in to say goodbye on the air
Got mugged in the back to Boston and he's he's still on our keon
I'm assuming he's still doing great there so that so the the answer is that uh
Sticking around in a market for many many years if you're if you're doing well
Yeah, and you can develop it on that it doesn't go away. I can answer for that
He's got a mind like a steel trap for a memory
He remembers people weren't even born
So you know what that makes you
My heart locale indigenous you know everything about everything about here. Yeah, you've been there for some years
But you you bring up people and history that that you know somebody always can identify with because you
Been through it all so what is that for the merit? Nobody. Nobody cares about my amie
Do you think our audience cares about nothing nothing can say redneck nothing can suffice for time
And if you went out to Los Angeles or New York
You wouldn't be as adapted as you are to hear to knowing everything. I'd be gigantic in LA
I'd be I'd have 15 shares, but you wouldn't know what you're talking about for a long time Boston
I'd have a 30 share do you know how weak the radio is up there?
I got front hawk stations up there too. I terrible awful. Yeah weak then why don't you go because you hated here
You love Boston. I would think that would be the reason is because you know everything now's the time
Yeah, now's the time to break out
This mantle this whole
How much how much did the guy in New York the Bob of Green how much did the Beverly Green pay to come in here and try to uh
I just walked in because I was enjoying it. I walked in see 58 guys standing in the control room the whole radio
So yeah stop doing business listening to this. Yeah, and I had to just this is just a preview of things to come
And the best of is after we find out for sure you that you're out of town
Yeah, I train his love the track. I know and then then you'll really open it up in my back. I know that
No, it's gonna happen
You're not turned out the air conditioner after Jennifer got finished with me. Yeah, she got man
No, we just don't say the same thing. I used to be great. We'll say that after you've gone and he used to be great
Yeah, you were never got the numbers of Rick and suds did but hey you know not everybody care
Well, let me ask you this okay. This is a good opportunity. Okay. You've heard a lot of his show in the afternoon
Not recently because he's his mind is blown yeah, but like during the first two years
Well, no, you know that that's true. I wouldn't say that. I say that. I'm trying. I'm you're trying
This is this is a this is a summer and this is a season that is a difficult yeah, I'm to work everybody knows right
So I'm doing different. I'm talking about the Halcyon days of your show the first two years when we were all pinging our pants and
Ella would race down to the car to get in the car just so I wouldn't miss a minute
Now would you say that your show?
Rick in the afternoon forget about the numbers
Was better than the show that Phil has been doing an afternoon
No, you can't say that you can't see what do we do exactly
We do it. What are you doing? It's totally different radio show
How do you make a subjective judgment? You the only thing you can do is judge it objectively
If I brought you in a slice of pepperoni pizza right and a piece of dog crap
Okay, and I said taste both of these even though they're entirely different
Okay, and I said which one tastes better you probably would say the pepperoni pizza even though I was used to do a matter of opinion
If I would like to find people that would say Phil is much more hilarious than you guys will ever be
And I could find a call to this morning
Said Phil is the greatest house ever been on a radio station and I'm he hates you and I'm just
Accepted I could find it was great. We could find our people that love each one of us and hate everybody else
So what I'm saying is the only way you can you can gauge it is objectively and that is if you had bigger numbers in me in the afternoons
It's quite possible that you belong at different time different time different
What are we talking the game? No, let me tell you something. I think you would be great for more three years ago
I would think you would be great. No, I would be good for mornings at all. I did mornings for many years
I I can't do it better than us. I can't I can't do mornings better than us
Let me tell you why get up in the morning and I can't
All of us go three o'clock in the morning you like like Neil Neil features Neil
Okay, Neil doesn't need any callers. He can go on. He's very interesting. Oh, thank you
Yeah, you don't callers
There you go. Like not prevent it and just be quiet. Okay, listen following you. It's a good thing. I don't
Phil
Phil can get by without any callers because you can you know you feature you whatever your talent is
That is featured whether it's being whoever you want to be whether whatever it's you I feature the callers
I feature the people I give them a forum just a minute
You sit in here with suds you're the of the three of us the only one other than Phil's characters
You're the only one and has a sidekick right suds and if we don't get any calls
We're dead suds and I you don't need calls you got some
Quizzling sitting in here that you can play off of all morning long doesn't mean it's necessarily entertaining
Well, that's true. I don't want to be the one to say what I am saying is we feature the audience in the audience if you give them and what about Chuck the right
Curum we used to feature Chuck y'all so the
It took two and a half hours and we figured out the audience has replaced Chuck
Which I know he's a big guy but it's just always been our show we could probably like you know the audience
The people the seats of my audience people look forward to Ted people look forward to you know whoever the audience has always been our show
Yeah, we have a knack of allowing them to do what's the one we just
But we just automated Phil that we do that. He'll hands up on him
Hang's up on who if they get going Phil said yeah, that's fine and hangs up on him
If they get going with me, I say okay go what what do you got going?
What you're saying is you treat the colors better than Phil does
Differently see look at this you well
But you just said you hang you exploit them and get something out of them like for example when Woody called yesterday morning
I said oh my it's Woody just sat there like because he's going after you he was going after you and I did the same thing
You're doing to me right now letting people go after somebody else to it
But I'm exactly and I want it. No, you're letting other people doing your sit back
You got a full board of colors you love it, but if you're right what he called right now and said anything
He'd be gone in two seconds. Well, that's your thing see. I think that Gilbert is you keep stressing Chuck Meyer
I think they Gilbert is somebody ought to be thinking about as part of that to two
Okay, he is dangerous that guy. He is dangerous right. He's a ratings killer
He's a cost. He'll remember
You know, who is the first person after I finally dumped Gilbert after we you know
We had exploited him for the two minutes worth of entertainment
And abused him as much who is the next person that decided to pick up on Gilbert
Come on me no before you I
Don't recall Alex Bennett. No, yes. I didn't listen now. Alex. I couldn't he did hurt anybody else
And that was one of his first mistakes besides setting foot in this town. I was nowhere was using Gilbert
I was nowhere and doing the whole thing with a speed and with the government people love Gilbert
I find him a sterical
Managed
Not on his own managed
So are you saying that Gilbert is going to be part of the afternoon show featuring Gilbert? You know everything
I say he says sorry. No, no, I'm trying to clarify. I'm not going to take anything for granted
I'm trying to find out if you are going to ever wise up or you're going to continue using Gilbert as a crutch
Yeah, exactly. He is not a crutch
Yeah, as long as it's entertaining whatever it is it will be featured on the afternoon show as soon as it
Ceases to become entertaining in my opinion it will be gone
So in other words, you're saying Gilbert is going to be on the show as long as anything that on is
Yeah, we'll be on when it's easy to be entertaining
It will be off. Yeah, you you uh you you said to me many times that suds can't stand getting up that early right you don't like
He hates it right. Yeah, right. He's just doing anything
If it's not in front of it, you guys if you guys were knocking a ball out of the park there in afternoons
And that's the place for you to be and one of the things is about you
Well, yeah, it is
See he's still doing it even though he's doing it in his voice
He's taking a brutal shot at you and he doesn't want to uh he doesn't want to couch know to show it is
Why don't know why it's a brutal shot? I mean you would say that you have a two two why film you would say that you had a feeling
Rating I'm not saying a feeling show me really arbitrary this okay in other words
We're gonna decide because they had better numbers in the afternoon that I you have had overall
Okay, yeah, which is the better show okay?
And I would be I mean to say that
That's like saying you're gonna have to have an orange better
I just got through Tony with the example of the pepperoni pizza and the dog turn that's right
And he the station did have better numbers. Well then you'd have to say that they're right you did a big one
No station had better numbers right the station overall had right exactly so everything is the letter alive
I was doing that like I was like driving so everything is my cranberry would cycle over into rickens suds
Well, not only that rickens suds were following me
Now let me ask you were my number is bigger than yours or yes, yes bigger so however
Wait a second. I want an accurate answer clock. You were inheriting a gigantic audience right the number one audience in the market we kept them
You kept all of them hum wise afternoon drive time time spent listening which you know as a combination of both is much less than the afternoon
Yeah, and there's nothing you'll ever do to combat that mm-hmm. I mean
Less than what does fill it doesn't mean days it mid days they partner. He's got a huge kneels
Like an eight hour or ten I've seen it like ten and nine hour to yourself and that's unheard of but that's you
You can have that in the days people are one I was on mornings in Zeta you didn't have that not nine or ten the pretty damn
Well, but you didn't have nine or ten and that's not because they like to show is just because of the
But it was a byproduct of the we need to have five time spent listening in the afternoon five hours, which is pretty damn good. Yeah
But it's not quite about which afternoon show was better was it more enjoyable?
I say
Concerts because if you had more success there
Then you obviously, you know if you had a bigger audience there than obviously it's more successful show plus frankly
I think that you do better with your advertisers than I do
I think I've got a credibility problem with my characters where advertisers have freaked out that nobody's gonna
Believe what I'm saying when it comes to a live spot, you know, okay, but the and also
the thing in the and I
Certainly and and I've listened to you know, I've listened to you you go out you schmooze clients better than I do all of this is new to me when I
When I came to WI never ever had to do with me never had never had to tolerate
I never had to talk to a salesperson before I get here. Yeah, which was a shock
Okay, let me give you a little something in reverse. All right, so since we have been on afternoons
There was a census that came in that changed the entire rating system
And the numbers for the station have gone down because the Hispanic numbers when they took the
Trend Phil went through the roof and last trendy went up to a floor. I had about a five five in there and
We had a good trend. I think we had a good month, but I'm sorry
We're talking about in the 90s when we used to be on afternoons and it was a different census
Which the numbers is the numbers?
You still the early night take a long nap and miss a decade the early 90s. I'm sorry
I met the 1990 census and when a gear 90s. No, we all did
Our numbers changed and I think went down with the census. Well, I hope Jennifer's listening to this because man
What I'm trying to pay him a compliment
It's what but then what you're saying is is that I think the number three we had bigger numbers in afternoon drive is really an
Inoperative statement because there's a whole lot of okay, so now I thought now all of you do now that we're operating within the same time frame
Right, it'll be interesting to see in the next year or two absolutely will compare every time a trend comes out
I'll say well Phil had a four
No, well, I don't know if Rick and suds are starting off with a two one in the afternoon Phil had a four
He left him a four or whatever will be the last day will be all right
And you're do you think that's fair because it's the same it's we're in the again 90s now right
Okay, sure absolutely okay
1240 at W.I.O.D. It's the end of the summer if you've been waiting for the best time of the year to buy a new Toyota your weight is over
By the way Eli came to me in the hall this morning and he said
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba in a copy and ba ba ba I said
Eli no matter what the story is with a copy no matter what the agency tells you no matter what mark Jacobson says
You're still an asshole and he said okay
I'm finding what a what a
You're
Wow, okay 1242 at W.I.O.D. Welcome to our blood bath. So what is the facts have to say is an acoustic facts?
It's this is from South you know him no, but I know the handwriting
Rick why don't you admit that you're just bad and boring the two of you
There's nothing interesting to cheese man
I'll always be really old. I can't read it. I can read it and then they don't know it's a little bit
There's nothing interesting to listen to on your show sign south. Yeah, okay
So he likes you. Yeah
So there's the deal in that when the trends come out every month. I'm gonna put like I'll take Phil's last number
Now how's this going to work by the way? Well, you got a compare book to you know annually to annually
So you think it's time for me to get out huh? Is that what you're saying?
Frankly, I think and I think the audience would agree if they were if they were gonna be honest
Yeah, and I think the audience would like me to get out is that no I think the audience knows that you guys are better
Uh, then Miami. That's what sells it
Yeah, well, Sal realizes that you're well. He's saying your show is bad. Let me see that. Let me see that close
for Miami
No, no, no, there is no Sal. Okay. This is this is the same handwriting and see you dignified this if you would have showed it up to me close
For like years. It's the same handwriting with a variety of names and just and it's always negative and how come you're a ripping Q
I am and nobody else does that in your gel. It's just it's garbage. I don't even read it. Okay, but anyway
Yeah, I think that a lot of people might ask you to ask the question
You know, why are you not in a bigger market and that's and that's my question because I've been lazy because it's been
No, no seriously. It's very I don't do any show prep. I don't like in the old days
I used to do all that reading and research and guessing
I just wander in here and I have a couple of things written down and that's all I do and
It's it's lazy in terms of how you approach your show
But you mean in terms of how you approach your career the same way. Yes, so you're not a good idea
It's too much work. It's lost when they talked me out of having an agent. They figured at that point
Well, he's now we know he's not going anywhere. We got him for as long as we want when Bob Neal said in there with your friend Bob all
Lou and said yeah, we want you to retire with us about make the deal if you want to make it up for 10 years 15 years
What and that's that's a true story
Yeah, make make the middle for as long as you want because we want you to work
For W. I. Do until you croak something like that
Or until we make you croak and they're working until you're croak
So I did it without any agent without any advice with that and that they manipulated me at that position because I'm weak
Unlike you who finally after a better late than never
Wiesed up and got yourself an agent and still going to wind up working for cock
Well, yeah, so you're you're taught no at least you're going to a great market in a big radio station
But you're still working for a horsecraft company, which I know you can't comment on but you know, it's true
They fired honestly me. They fired you in Atlanta. Yeah, they did fire a mark. They fired me in Atlanta. Yeah, G. M.
An Atlanta fired me. That's true. Yeah, when I was in Atlanta
Uh, I wasn't they giving you know, I felt like Rod's
No, I'm not talking in this market whatsoever. They haven't their head unlike us
No, no, but seriously, but wait a minute. They like him. They hate us. I'm a pan in the ass you forget it all together
They hate us
But they like him and they still haven't done anything for him that to me
I mean if they like you if they love you and they still want to lift a finger to promote you
Give me that's it all but that's what they do to promote you guys it was not
A form across the board. Not a thing in the beginning in the beginning when I first came here
And you were we had a son we had billboards. We had the great campaign
But since I got here they haven't done that's another thing you're talking about they haven't done for anybody
We had the numbers with a billboard now you did the numbers without the billboard
You came here
You came here you were a new kid on the block nobody in Miami had any idea who you were
They had never been exposed to your act. They still wear his he was on waxy. I've been here for 20 years
So they could always justify well
I we don't need to promote those guys. They got their own built in cum nobody knew from Phil Henry
And they also probably figure well. It's just gonna sound like I make him excuses then if I say well
Why should Rick be the only one? Yeah, it's all bad. I'm just saying that it was a uniform black
Of the kind of promotion you're talking about
Uh, they did do a TV campaign in the spring in 94 and they brought it back. Yeah
We had two golf tournaments, which you're a thing right there one of these what's mine right in front of you
A coserier. Yeah, he's pop it. He's starting to pop on the room screen
Um, we had a couple of golf tournaments, which I think they promoted pretty well, you know
Yeah, well, they did
How about the trip to Ireland Phil they did that on your behalf of Ireland? Oh my god
Phil Henry turns into a corporate suck. Oh
The trip to Ireland trip to Ireland and then they ran around town everybody
It's because you have no credibility and everybody thought it was a put on
I know the guy who booked the trip by the way the guy in LA. No don't know the guy your
Listen to the guy the one guy who bought Robertson. I think you bought two or four of them or something
I got a letter from the guy in Los Angeles who was who was uh doing the trip and said
We had a number of phone calls a curious thing people were asking were you kidding?
Yeah, like a hundred phone calls for people to know if it was a joke or not tonight
I don't think people are even aware that Neil and I aren't here. It's just you that that was um
That was the the first time did you and I also that was the first time that I actually learned how to do us all now
While we were talking over each other which you so where would I go?
You know, I want to hear more of this career advice on a year
New York is the obvious place if we got all these if they have these so-called
Tell it like it is hosts in New York and I and I can't say I've never heard Lynn Samuels
But they have the you know the Bob Grant and everybody in your
Bob Grant well the so-called in your face. Oh
Jesus this man's been dead for 20 years that New York has the New Yorkers got the flexibility and the
Calist skin to yeah to really enjoy your show, you know
You guys are perfect for what? What is the benefit for him though?
So what your thing is that LA is too laid back which is what they're famous for they would never put up no no not at all
Not Los Angeles to be great for you, you know, I just a lot of fags out New York should be more of your kind of a
Press is a lot of fags in New York New York is more of a no-one is boss is in North the Northeast is more of your kind of a
What is the benefit of New York though?
Larger. Yeah, is it money?
You've got more for the whole of New York you've got you've got every syndicate or in every network in the world sitting up there
Waiting to just put you right about working down here. Who the hell ever hears people don't hear you
You've got all right you my amy audience that here you and I love you and it would not your you're missing my point
But I'm talking about in terms of you've got people in the industry up there right CBS ABC
I'm sure one all these other companies that are gonna sit there and all my amy's up and coming look at the guys who have gone to New York
Or to Los Angeles who it within five seconds got a television deal
Mark and Brian yeah, you guys within five seconds were out of a television Brian
But they got a TV show at NBC didn't they for a day mother love goes out there for who's it Stephanie Miller does a night time
Sure KFI she gets a TV offer to go to Fox. Oh, yeah, love was the same thing all of these guys all the same lot
They mean they're already there. Huh? They're already there. They're all in the same lot radio TV. It's all
One you're about if you got some talent you go out there and you can make something really happen as opposed to getting
Excited over the first TV gig and not having it so in other words what you're saying is instead of like planning for the 30th of September
It's going to work for the pack and what we ought to be doing behind the scenes is talking to all these agents in New York and
plotting to get out of here and just guys
You know what we can talk about it. You know what it reminds me of years ago in between radio jobs
I was um, I went to work for snowing and snowing. Do you know what they are?
No, snowing and snowing is an
Expenses and an employment agency and what they do is they hire people that they can't find jobs for and you sit around and you pretend
That you're going to find jobs for other guys
And you seriously you read the one ads in the paper and you call these people up and you try to get their permission to have a listing
So that when some guy comes to you you really con him into believing that you're going to find him a job and of course you never do
So anyway, it was during the Thanksgiving holiday. This is a true story. There were about six of us who are the counselors
and the the boss who was got to be dead by now, but anyways name was George
Was this old bizarre really weird guy and we had one young lady who was working for us one of the counselors
And she was getting these crank heavy breathing calls at home, you know
You know this stuff and one morning at the
Seriously at the meeting I'm just wondering where Johnny Dolan was the boss pops up. Maybe it was John
The boss George pops up and says hey, uh, Susie you're not getting any crank calls lately are you?
True story nobody ever told him she was getting crank calls, but somehow this boss knew
George
So anyway, we all all six of us because the pay was like minimal at best and the guy was an asshole
And it was just the total scam and so we decided that we were all gonna quit at the same time
And we did and we had the holiday weekend for Thanksgiving and Monday
Monday play and the guy walked in and we're all empty orifice is every desk was empty
There was nobody there
And he had a people sitting out in the waiting room waiting for imaginary people to find them jobs who didn't exist
And you what you're saying is we should do the same thing the pactions that would you would like us to do with that make you feel better
I'll tell you what and I'm being very honest that I know that people would like we can talk about
Are you a paid agent of Cox enterprise now you trying to sabotage the sale of the radio station?
No because you know the truth is that
In Cox would admit this coax does want to talk to agents either, you know
They know company does you know, yeah, and I don't think that my agent has any better relationship with with
I have mine. I have an agent. They won't talk to him. I had to negotiate my own deal. Let's still pay my agent
Yeah, that's the way business business goes
But I still have my guy talking to them about a side syndication deal if and when that happens
But anyway the point is we can sit and talk about companies
Radio companies down to the years lie to talent and we know this sometimes you work for better guys and sometimes you don't
But the time has come where you have to seize the moment sees the events at the tide as Shakespeare said and to
So what you're saying is what you're saying is man
All I had to do is
I've been hearing this from you off the year
That what you have to do don't you understand I have a contract now do you really think I mean your contract your contract got two years left free
Three years and two months see guys renegotiating which they planned on being they planned on you being dead by then if you remember the memo
They came out it was posted on the wall we have him for any company
Uh, and saying that you need to go to go to go to my deal with who with Paxon in other words either you're gonna pay me more
I'm not coming to work. Is that what you're saying? I would think that the time would be opportune to renegotiate with a new owner
Wouldn't you am I am I wrong?
With a new owner wouldn't you think that it would be a proposal? How can you do that you can't
Being very sweet. Let me ask you this question
Is it possible that I'm satisfied within the confines of reality in the this market that I'm satisfied with how much I'm making
I think you're satisfied with how much you're making. I think that I think that you
Deep down desire a a larger piece a large broadcast industry
No question about that. That's right. I would like to be able to talk to
Living in people in Boston, New York L.A. But when you work for Cox broadcasting and they put you on here in Key West on the station
It's got the towering on a ground. It was laying on it. That's a true story
That's not can do and then they put you on for my own
That's never shown up with one diary in the arbitrage for my own
Let me put you on SU when they put a Jew Fag from upstate New York on here in Tampa with a bunch of red legs
It's not conducive to
Enhancing your career that is that's you're in your mind right? You're your so in other words you're eating a lot of stuff
You think that SU when you think that the tap of thing is as is known across the country and Neil Rogers is not a
marketable product because he didn't happen no no that's not what I just said
I said that putting us on in those markets wasn't conducive to creating what you're talking about
We never had an opportunity that may well be but we're talking about one you know, we're talking about there's a lot of different companies right
There's a lot of different ways of doing what he's trying to say is had it button done well
Then maybe you know maybe not we have a chance
They can't or it's turns not on in Tampa by the right I'm this is and I miss has like fractions there. Yeah, marginal number
So what does Tampa prove Tampa proves nothing we actually have like all radio market absolute orders are really ugly. It's a redneck state
redneck and
If it's a funny thing for a radio station like wiod to succeed as it has in a market in a city where there's one comedy club
The comedy scene here's not supported at all. There's no local comics
I mean they're out in the only comedy club that's open is out in West Brow
I don't even know what city it's in any comedy clubs do well. Yeah manyapolis of all the rotten
What do you know? I don't want to go outside. That's right, but I mean Chicago and only people with a great sense of human
I'll tell you what I mean. They've got they've got seven or eight great comedy clubs Chicago, New York
DC LA San Francisco comedy scene just just blossoms in those places and here's here's Miami where there is
People seem to be humor impaired
You know, you know, just don't more impaired speech the language
Well, whatever. So I mean the point that I'm making is that there are there are larger horizons
And as a member of the American Federation of Television Radio artists
These all are you a fan dormant are you a fan? I wish you say yeah, American Fag
That's why he wants me out. Yeah, are you a no, I'm not a member. You're not a you know. I could join them. No, I am. That's not a problem dormant
They let fags in dormant
255 at wiod
To an old and guess who's next the Jets beautiful dolphins on radio
Use talking entertainment radio
16 W I O D
Ligrid way how you just can't miss it
Use talking entertainment radio
610 w i o d
So the deal is we're all going to k fi we didn't want to pack some people to know
But we're all gonna be leaving on the same bus and we're all going to LA good. It's going amtrak
Wouldn't that you would feel better about that you'd feel like like it linus and the security stay in the company
I think and the longer you stayed with Cox the more you'd recognize that I think they do have your best interests at heart
And that's how you just said during the break
There you go. That's how we just said during the break
Oh, man. Okay, what he just said about these people during the break. Oh crap
Like you'd like I was telling you if they would have put us on a year on and k fi
Uh, even though there's the three-hour time difference. Mm-hmm. What would be wrong with that?
I'm gonna show up a switch. I could do a show from like noon to four which would be nine to one out there
Right? Yeah, before here. Yeah. What would be wrong with that?
If you did your show what noon to four here and that's nine to one out there
So wouldn't screw with their morning drive show which probably is five tonight and by the way that show
If you heard that show handle. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah
Grotesque
You have a second market and a company but then again keep in mind they had Tom like us on a year
They had Tom and Tom like us who left this market in the middle of the night. Yeah, I know it
Like the Indianapolis Colts with his Neil who bump a license tag on the back
By the way speaking of Tom like it penis Arizona who he was doing pretty well in LA
And I haven't I know what he's making and you're making more than he is right now. He was doing pretty well in LA
You know, they did research on Tom like is they found out that people because he did one of these issues shows
And he had her urban from the JDL on and he had all of the Tom Mester from the area nations and he did a lot of these
explosive issue type shows
um
They finally found out that people tuned into a show to hear the issues they didn't necessarily didn't necessarily learn him
Yeah, yeah, and and he never did really break through in LA
In four and a half years in terms of in terms of just base numbers, but what's he gonna break through it? He's a piece of crap
He is Tom like us is not a talent
He uh he got a lot of ink and he got a lot of uh notarai. He's a self-promoter. Oh, yeah, you're the best I've ever seen
Yeah, and if you had that skill
Yeah, if you had like us to skill itself from or if I had a good agent
It's right who wasn't in jail at the moment
Okay, so I got a great agent. He just happens to be in person. Okay
And saying at the moment for the next 10
You got what you who's your guy?
Boss stiff
No, that's in my deal
That's in the original September 30th. How did that date happen? No, no, I'm just I'm just saying it's after a year of the change
Whatever the date would be I just gave you the date. I was just any new company guys guys guys can I just kiss Jennifer goodbye?
Are you gonna start picking on poor Jennifer again?
She loves you. She didn't get to rip me and I just wanted to let her know that I was you know
She thinks you're wasting your time. Yeah, okay. We're gonna take some calls all that we hit every line lit up
Right when we work on a ticket. He calls now that we are gonna take calls. They all flew away
What's like I said? It's an unfriendly crowd bokeh hey guys. Yes, sir mutiny at the bay. Yeah
Rick and such show no can't deal with it very boring and unfunny yeah
And those little promos that they run yeah the worst
Anybody who doesn't listen to the show who listens to one of those promos
Listen to the show okay
So you're out. So maybe the show is okay, but the promo suck do you ever think about that?
Very briefly. Yeah, but I don't know if those are Steve Nichols idea or what but those promos are awful
They're not funny and what about and what about the other day parts? They're in the summer
Phil Hendry. Yeah, that's show I've ever heard there you go
That's number two vote best show in the man Miami and he's leaving us. I know what's gonna happen. Yeah, that's what makes it the best
Okay, you're show neil. It's just kind of rolls along. Yeah, I'm just like that's what I said a few months ago
I'm just like an old comfortable shoe and I'm just rolls along and I'm just here not that great
When you're going to do some yard work, you just throw on that old comfortable
Right, that's it a little dirt right
You know, I I mode along so see it's good. It's good that you're leaving Phil
It's good because now I can be you know number one kid on the block again
But keep proud. It's a direction. Okay. I'm here at
Yeah, like Jennifer said jump in your car go home work on your show and you'll get better all right
Okay, right now. Thanks for the advice. Okay, it's in front of me
Miami on the purple line. Hello
I forget it
Rick don't even bother going home trying to work on it
I got you know on the head
You are without a doubt
the most that is the worst
Thing I've ever heard my life on the radio
Without a doubt. Yeah, it's just
All right, now let me ask you this
Sir, sir if we brought back Chuck Meyer, do you think that it might like soften up the edges a little bit
Nothing can help it. It's a worst
If I talk them this phone for 36 hours, I couldn't scratch the surface of beginning to tell you just how terrible you are
Well, how about 52 minutes you have you have not a single funny bone in your body
Never heard one thing that I can even listen to for a minute your tail what my pants
Get another career to get out of it. You're terrible. Nobody likes you guys have no talent
Your day above that's dark. Ace Grazer losers beat it
But what does he really think so that I hate people to beat around your myelin. You're taking a
You know, but see that's one thing about the iod audience and even though they're listening to my show
I'm just I'm not really that good. I'm just you know, I'm just here and there's nothing a lot of yard work
They're doing a lot of yard work and they're killing some time and I'm perfect for that. That's good
Like you said Phil, I think there's a lot of other greener pastures out there. Here's how lady hello. Yes, ma'am
I think you're great to make my day now who you're talking to oh
Thank God that some old lady likes me. Thank God. Thanks mom
I'll stop with that one. What about the Rick and Spud?
Would you do me a favor? What's that? Would you play the tape about your own? Yeah, okay
See that's my crowd. That's all I got left
Well, when you've been here for 50 years and your median demographic is death. What do you expect?
Plantation hello
Like Rick and Spud yeah right
Yeah, but I have to admit when they had Marvin and Chuck myron all that the show was better
Yeah, Marvin sure is how was a lot more entertaining than Adam was Marvin on your show
Oh
The best thing that Marvin used to do is show up and show it to the almost over yeah and tell Jennifer to shut up
She's no Dorothy McIntyre herself
She stuck yeah
Where's I mean rick's alright. He just it's not his crowd in the morning put him in afternoons and see what see what they see what happens
Give it a shot. Okay, and Phil Henry the best the best
I hope he could be someone casted some down here someday. Okay, and now you're the best now
And I'm the best
Phil's the best and I'm the best and Rick is okay. He's good. He's weak. He's all right
Fair okay. Thanks. Okay, so we finally got one. I said you're okay not that good, but
Open line of brow art five two four nine four six three five two four WIdeen
In other words, my show is okay for while you're gardening and while you're
What you're doing?
Rick and suds when you're doing a good douche here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, oh, yeah, sir
I don't think it's fair that you know people are people that are calling in are judging
Rick and suds
Lot of reply just listeners that listen to only you. I mean there are different
Well, I don't have too many good things to say about me either that's one good thing about the iodee audience
They don't like anybody you huh? They still listen to you. I mean
I think the guy that just called and just peed nothing but hey probably does not listen to Rick and suds
I mean I listen to all three of you and
With an ever-sending concert because that's what I'm in the car most and I you know there's different things to enjoy about each different show
Yeah
Uh each each show I'm sure there's people who listen to Rick and sud that wouldn't turn the radio when you're on for nothing
You're in seed. Thank God, you know, but that's uh that's just
Different like different women in different food. You have to enjoy different things about them
Right in your own right. I mean Rick and suds are great
Uh your god and uh full of the antichrist and uh, you know, I just uh
I enjoyed all three of them for different reasons
I don't think we have a lot of crossover and go there between no
Show and go pants. I think each show has its own audience. I think you're probably the only guy. Oh
20 up talk for your talk. I can't listen to all they love. Yeah
Thanks a lot pal
Okay, there's the one
Now I think you're right
I think there is no crossover because I know when I come on a 10 o'clock
We had a phone as dead as a doornail in fact, why don't you just to follow Ranieri
Which we had very little crossover it was you know the first 10 15 minutes as I was sitting here be yesen
Uh the lines would be lit and then by the time I finished with the first break we're rocking and rolling
Now it's like wow
Death deadly
You mean there was crossover between you and Ranieri? Yeah
Amazingly enough even though we did an entirely different show. We had older demographics
But there was there was something there. There was some continuity now. It's like there's a just a total
For all of this criticism that you got you're taking no, he's not it's not criticism
It's just a fact. I'm not making that I'm not saying you know, I mean the people on the phone
We ever had a situation like we have the last few months where every I mean
I sit here for like 10 minutes and I'm rambling on and you you're expecting to see you know here they come nothing right
Well, I know that I know but yeah, you know that for four hours
But you don't but you don't need the calls you've got all these your own calls
Um, but your boy are you lucky about that?
You're probably going to
L.A. here longer than any I'm going to L.A. You're probably gonna be here longer than me
Yeah, cuz I'll be retired one of five years. I'm gonna be on here. You'll be the Dean
You're probably on the Dean of Miami radio. Yeah, there we go for all of this this
Oh, I hope not strongly
Attitude about you guys and and that's because you guys have been around a long time people have strong feelings about your positive negative whatever
You know, that's interesting that you would say that they kind of sound like something or Ron Benican's
Benican's
Benican, I remember him right
Right, the saffron
Yes, you're not a pelican because he's my I've only been up since three. I've had no sleep. It's okay
I got one eye open. I can deal with this. Don't start making excuses again. Next you'll be blaming Dorothy McIntyre for it
Yeah, you know
Well, uh Jennifer said to go home and do some show prep food or do some gardening
1113 at WIOD do add on to your existing home planning a new pool or just thinking of been closing a patio
Well, then why don't you hire a carpenter?
Feel hindry two to six p.m. On news talk and entertainment radio
16 WIOD
Okay, once 16 what do you mean how long before the audience figures their back on there's this is
Pax and you're gonna be a billboards and ads and TV spots and
Now we'll sandwich boards green savers will they will they return to the a.m. Dial for run and run. I don't know
You know, I mean see that's the thing that's the question how many people in any given market can change can move an audience
As they say that's what the programmers call it moving the audience. Can you move them from a m to fm?
Can you move them from station one to station two? Can you move them from one day part to another?
That's the true test. Yeah, and and how many of them seriously can figure out how to do is you know
I mean you get a lot of people calling and say you know
We went out and we did that don't get done. You're on a m. What is that a m? What number?
610 and you'll right and when you don't say 97 points something because you're dealing with people who are not familiar with the a.m. World
It's not part of their lives
They didn't grow up with it and they had never had any reason in this market to turn it on Adam told me is actually called in car windows
Telling people and punch the band button for them to show them where they're
Well, that's encouraged. That's a nice code. Yeah, very good. So it's well buddy. Bud says the future of radios on a m. Miami. Hello
Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? You can't hear you. How you doing? Neil? Okay. All right. Well, basically I hit the point
I couldn't take it anymore as far as I'm concerned
All today you have an ex on the show
And when they went to the morning you have a great show in photos still
I mean all you bought an economy in there. There's just a bunch of thores
Yeah, and as far as Jennifer you don't fit in sir. You have nothing negative to say you don't fit in
No, he's a foreigner. Leave him all that's right. Okay. You'll catch on just keep listening. Okay, as far as Jennifer go ahead and do it
Jennifer what?
Jennifer's also she's not which she's just criticizing all Rick for staying in your show
And the president she does she's coming back from her news and create a special credit. I think he did the same thing. He was crazy
You know, just going on to do her own thing right make it know that I never told Jennifer what to do however
She's told me all morning what I should be doing on my show. That's right. She'd I mean nothing
Wasn't she the one who also did that pathetic show about the Jimmy Riding
About the sympathetic all or Jamie did not
She did after they
Well here we were thinking you were a nice guy sir
She did a five hour after they found the
Five hour marathon news thing. Yeah, five hour newscast. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's a pompano hello
Now you should be a lot of that's that's the same guy that called on a green line. Yes, oh that's his
That's his happy and funny and a lot of these people think they're actually being funny. That's their contributions
That was pretty good. It was pretty safe to watch it. That's what I call so far. Here's Miami. Hello. A lot of enthusiasm. Miami. Hello. When is Diaz? How you doing? Okay?
I just want to say that the rigging fudge show sucks. Yeah, yeah, Wayne get off the phone. I was a wait. Is this way?
Yeah, and
Yo that that jackass again the new world order NWO
I thought it was a wrestling league the NW the new world order. Yeah. Yes
Psycho said. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line of dates. Seven five one, etc. Let's do a lady mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, I want to voice my opinion. Okay. I am a long long long time listener. I think Neil
You helped your own I do hold my own a lot you have whatever anyway
I think that there is nobody like Phil Henry from the moment I heard him with the cantaloupe in the peach
I said who is this guy as I knew he was a genius and there's nobody better
And I'm ready to move to LA. I have every friend waiting to hear him
I just think if I own the station I'd have paid any amount of money to keep him because I think he's a genius
Well, now you know why Cox won't let him muggle
I didn't believe it. Well, I just don't get it
But that's besides the point and as far as Rick and sad
I used to listen because they were the only thing in town
And I'm sorry to say that it's like my afternoon is spent all the time in the car
I mean am I gonna suffer with WFPL or something because
I'm just not a Rick and Sudsman and I feel sorry that I guess maybe my business will pick up
I'll start you know going in
Well see there's a blessing in this guy's for you
Every dark cloud has got the requirement in the middle
All right, we're having like
Such withdrawals. We're all gonna miss Phil. We don't know what we're gonna do with our lives
Like we didn't have a life without him. Yeah, well try and do a lot of gardening. Yeah, right. Okay
Thanks, we don't I'll help you through it the gardening show that's yeah, I missed my calling
I can come on Sunday morning. Do the damn gardening show get nickel off the ear
We have an open line a day at 751 Kvets. It's 121 at WIO dealer
Use talk entertainment radio
610 WIO
Okay, you look just as bad at 915 as you do now
124 at WIO D here's a pompano. Hello. Hey guys. How's it going? Yes sir great
I didn't know we had Milrose place on the damn radio now. We got a top that you do. I'll tell you what and um
I listened to all three of you guys all day long and there's a lot of guys out there like me
I didn't I don't have a chance to call you guys all day because I work and you know, I got off early today and off work too
Um, I'll tell you what rake. You got a really good show in the morning. It's about the only thing worth a damn
Bless you, sir. Hey, no problem. Uh, or maybe I'm just bored. I don't know
Thanks
Bless you again. All right
I was almost
Yeah, I like to put on the other ring. I almost touched it
All right guys, that's all I got to say. Thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks. Thanks so much. There's a real good compliment for you
No, I'm leaving in six minutes redlands. Hello. Hey, this is Douglas
aka rat boy
There is rat boy. I was I was calling to say I am one of the many crossovers out there
And I think that the bloodbath is occurring because the the station hasn't promoted you guys the way it should have
And I think there's actually a pretty big
crossover
But it's just not the kind of people who get you know ratings books unfortunately to fill them out and because we're in the minority here and and so
W does not
Pair to be doing as well as it really is you know when the little slips of paper come across the desk
It doesn't say what's really happening. It certainly doesn't reflect um, that's good. I like that
What does that mean a ratings in midday are pretty good ratings in afternoon or back up there
They're pretty strong. No, I'm not talking about she's out so no, I think they are but I think that your ratings are probably not as high as they really are
What are you saying is he's like to be a part of this no way no no way man. Who's ratings are not as high?
We're talking about no all three of you. I think it fills, kneels and rick and suds writing
I think that all of your ratings are not as high as they would be
Because of the demographic that's represented if you looked at the demographic that's representative of who could and would be listening to you
I don't think that any of them dial
No, this man's got a plug
It's people who would never fill out a diary on a bet because they make it all kinds of money and I would not
Live or do busy to do it exactly. I will listen to you all day and and because I would listen to you and I like you all
I would fill out the book if it came
But I'm not going to do it for a dollar or five dollars or whatever ridiculous amount of money
That is that they pay to do this it's a it's a poor polling method
But if you could become an ethnic minority if you change your name to Gonzalez or get some charcoal
They pay like probably 150 bucks a diary, you know, but it doesn't
If I don't think it really
Families that got 15 kids and they're all on welfare and I get the 15 diaries man five bucks a pop you're talking some serious
Brand there's nobody in this room. There's nobody in this room that you're talking to that would fill out one either
I think that for the people who really are your
It's funny that you guys are all probably between like, you know, five and twelve shares depending on the day
I got a television Nielsen diary once. Yeah, and I was really excited about it. I said look at this
I am a Nielsen family
Very very well, poor sure who wants to make an entire log of their entire week for a buck
So you know what you know what I'm afraid of fill is if you got another log from the Nielsen diaries
My favorite Martian would probably be the number one right is showing Miami
Well, yeah, I would fill it out. You know just for kids I mean just for kicks and giggles
I'm not doing that could could really swing things
You could and if more people knew that
That's right. It really screws things up here. We can really screw the methodology up exactly
So when you next time you get a diary
So I guess I'm just saying I don't think any of you have been done justice and did y'all to just
Next time you get a diary will give you the extra ten bucks. I think I think I have been done justice
I I've been offered a
I've been offered a good position in it with a with a company in Los Angeles in hometown. Yeah, right
I started in talk radio six years ago. I started in Ventura, California for you
Okay, right boy. Have a great life and here's Miami under purple line. Hello
Very hey Neil. Yes, sir
Rick wound up right here. Well. Yeah
I seem like it's Rick rip Rick day, but I tell you I'm a courier and I don't get a chance to call all day
But I listen to the station all day long. I've been up and down the dial
FM AM and everything else pretty much blows
Okay, okay, I'm a sinked in right to the point. Thanks, Bill. That's true. Thank you so much
Yeah, it's a pretty crappy radio market when you come right down to it. What are you gonna listen to what is there to listen to?
Paul cash turnover. Yeah, Howard Stern right and now run and run in the fabulous sports babe. There you go
Here's Boka. Hello. Hey guys. How you doing? Yes, sir. Hey
Just like to say I actually really like the Rick and shit that show
Yeah, and uh, I'm just also embarrassed when you say it. Oh no, no, no
I just listened to all three of you and I really like it and I have to say Rick
Congratulations because before you guys came to mornings
This market was a train wreck for morning shows. It was just terrible. Thanks man. It really was
I know I heard your first day on the air because I was in town interviewing for the job and you had on
You had on Don Shula and you had on you had some guy who last time we spoke to us
It was anytime you want me to come on for a quick comment right now. Thanks, pal
We need some help. Yeah, that's for naming you had a guy sing on my ass again
That Willie Nelson to yeah, and and I would I was impressed yet all these different
Characters calling in and people who contributed songs and and stuff like that, you know
Then he heard the next day right
Hey, you know we shot our wild the first day. What can I say so you when you guys run in afternoons
You had more of those people calling in because the mornings
It was too early for a lot of them to get under and more outgoing stuff too, you know
We just went where they were I had a better news guy in the afternoon. Yeah, I don't like getting him there
I like what I want to get I can I can I make a suggestion please you guys who ought to be out on the road doing payphone challenge
We're going to I am excited about being out there doing the bitch yourself. Yeah
Okay, all right, and be sure let all these fans know where you are
Here's the north north Miami. Hello. What what did that mean? Well, whatever you wanted to me north Miami. Hello
Hi Rick Neil Phil. Yes, sir
Hi guys, I like all three shows. I think they're all excellent
They're all different and I think that's what makes good radio
I agree. I never change my dial it just stays right on w.i.o.d
It's the only station I ever listened to
Okay, thanks a lot, Ali. Alan Mason calling in here is a pompato beach. So it's like it
It was it was it was Alan pompato beach hello. Hi. I just want to compliment all you guys
I'm a somewhat new listener who was it yesterday afternoon and had the
The skit with the program director that Rick and sud
Yes
I had that on in the office and I gotta tell you I mean the customers were just cracking out. It's hysterical
Yeah, so I don't want these people are talking about I mean that was just some great and then you had the golf pro
Yep, the other day I mean that was that was that was that
Reconcerned. Yeah, you know, and that is what they do and if you tune in two to six you're gonna hear more of that
So I mean if you know, I would take any more calls from my Amy if they don't have a comedy club, you know
Oh screw on yeah, you know where you from uh, Broward
Oh, well, they got a comedy club in Broward right. Yeah, okay pal. Thanks so much. Oh a Neil. Yes, you want a 30 share
I would resurrect the
Matching dating and mating show. Okay. All right. See ya. Oh, yeah, wow. I had a dating show for two years
Yeah, I'm double just news
And we got what was it 15 couples married or something it was you know, it ran its course
Then we had all the axe murders start coming out. We figured it wasn't a good idea anymore
Yeah, it was once a week thing it was pouring women were being threatened exactly here's Carl Springs. Hello
Hey Neil how you doing pretty good? Uh, I
I like all you guys. I think you guys are great. I think Phil's gonna be missed
Uh, I'm a Ron and Ron fam from way back and
I'm just glad that they're coming back in and I think you guys got a great radio station. Hey man
Thank you. All right. Thanks a lot, bud. Okay, bud. God bless you
Okay, we have an open line in Broward. You're leaving in three minutes, right? You're gonna leave it on the next break. I'm leaving
In three minutes, okay, Martin. You got a long trip to make gotta pick up the kids and I've got to go here
And you got to go to the dogs dumped on a carpet and the oh weasel. Uh, didn't number
Here's a lady in North Kendall. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm representing 20 people from 20 to 65. I'm the old one
We've got all your shows. We all rovers
But we don't like Rick with like son. So let's have a show last year or the year before
Such by himself is fantastic
All of us are your old 20 get rid of Rick or remind us of Steve Kane. Could we hear anybody else besides yourself since they're all there
Jeans, I want to see you just a minute. No, just like a whole bunch of people. Well, let's just want to like one of the restaurants
They can't one of the course a restaurant
One of the young people
So you took a little pole in the restaurant you remind me it's no the workers
You remind me of deep pain and what regard you're very you're because you don't let you don't let's speak at all
So I don't know no such has on the show for several days. He's fantastic
He's in fact today. He's wonderful. He should be on by himself. Yeah, I agree and the rest of you are gods. Stay on
Okay, thank you, Mrs. Spock
Open line and day 751 talk about the baloney dispenser. That was good. You know who she sounded like she sounded like
She sounded like the bra what's her name the a big fat? What does she call herself the one from Helen Dale from Lamar?
The one that's always equal here big max that's what that sounded like
Here's hollywood. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing pretty good? Hey listen
I enjoy the conversation and I was actually introduced to i.o.d
I'm a white male mid 20s. Thank god. Are you a certain size? Yes, I am. Oh, thank the lord
Stop it right there, please getting better by the minute. Okay. I was introduced to i.o.d
Probably five years ago
Because of the buttload bank gadget two to six hour which was
Yeah, I'm on right now
Which was Rick and Sud. He's on right now
Yeah, we got a few fans and we got a few fans that want to hear you
But anyway, definitely I then drifted back into the two out two to six
Sorry, 10 to two and was I was introduced to you. Yeah
The change over that brought Phil Hendrion
I think that was not something that was conducive for Rick and Sud. They're not a morning show
And that's not anything against you Rick. It just happens to be that it's a it's a wrong time
I've said that over and over right. I mean it's just not there's not a lot not a lot of continuity and
Unfortunately, that's just you know, it's not a conducive show to that
You excited about going to mornings though and if in the initial stages
As it was presented. Yeah
But he wouldn't have to do any show prep and no as a matter of fact
It was there was a real long back and forth in fact that whole thing was boy gary and the lawsuit and all
Another crab it was yeah, I wouldn't know and then and then gary Bruce left. Yeah, that was right the one the decision was made right
He left and left us here and we just kind of fended for ourselves
There was no program director. There was no promotion. There was we initiated a morning show with nobody helping out and no matter
No nothing
Neil. Well Chuck was there. Yeah, don't worry about the Chuck Meyer thing
I think he was not really too good as a character and I didn't think he added anything to Rick's show
I'm so glad that before he leaves somebody called and you know verified what I said before Chuck said you know great news guys a good guy
But for some reason you got to fetish. I mean, I think Rick is in the fat guys or something
I remember I think he filled in for you at one time you were not for a week. Neil right it was terrible
I actually called to talk with him and he wouldn't let me get in a word edge wise
Yeah, and it was just kind of difficult to imagine him having his own show
But those hot newsmaker interviews man
That's where it's at have a great day pal. Hey back to your reneering. Okay
Yeah, let's bring back the monkey in the morning. Well, he's I don't know they just say stuff back at your reneering
Yeah, who's listening right now about boy, but you they're foaming into mouth Henry and Roger
How you doing guys and reneering they listen to every day, but especially now can you imagine no? I got to go
I know that thank for having a break if we could take the break but it was very special time
Well, I'm glad that we had so many compliments and so many good comments
What was the confidence of this because Jennifer was upset so Neil brought you Neil said come in sit down
And I said I don't want to get into this he said sit down you all actually was pretty quiet
It was like deadly, and I thought well, let's start it up today
You know, I thought I'm a toddler. We're gonna start up and let's kill some good time and we're doing it
He had quite a sharp edge on it and so we went with it. Okay. Don't no accident's other way home now
Okay, one third. We don't want to get your fans upset one thirty six at W. I. O. D
Friday night at six p.m. Defoe and mad dog preview the dolphins and jets only at hooters in Pembroke lines
On the home of the dolphins news talk and entertainment radio six ten W I O D
News talk and entertainment radio
six ten W I O D
Welcome
Oh
Alex Bennett Steve Kane Nick Lauren Scotting shape and Mike Glora Scott Schwartz Herman and McBeam
Gail Bright Coleman Chandler Sandy B. L. A. Polar's and when Wild Steve Stasel don't forget Bill wise
Oh, Jeremy Honey Johnny Dolan Aileen FD name is global and hummus and major Darcy McIntyte
Surprise very Larry Pottle Coney for Sharon Francis Jones sister squeegee and the pair of par
We can't forget the people
Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them they used to work beside us
Even though this time they made us lose our minds
And we barrel wick Alprentine being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny darken Joseph Gackie
Thanks Goldberg McGreen Marvin Roman Warney
Stephanie Lewis Quinn and we're still forgetting between
These aren't all the people who are still here working and Neil still working
We are all the people who are out there giving just a make-o-in
I would like to exterminate rabbits
Let's have that
And we're out there giving just a make-o-in
Are you okay 141 at W.I.O.D
I feel so lonely now we're gonna go and pick up his kids from school and fill up and say okay
I don't want to sit here and make a fool out of myself and that's it
That was a cintillating couple of hours. I'll tell you that in fact
We could probably make a format out of that and get a 45-share
Here's a bokeh hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. I think we should get rid of Rick and such yeah
I think the show blows and I think when they go to the afternoon we're gonna bring back
Wait a minute wait a minute hang out a second. Do you think Rick's in his car yet? Oh, he is okay. Go ahead
Hi, I hope he goes off the bridge. Yeah, bring back Alex Bennett. Okay. I like the cardboard audience
Yeah, that was good exactly and remember Hank hates you. Okay
Here's Tamarack. Well, at least he said something different at time Tamarack. Hello. Hey, I think that guy with an asshole
Okay, Rick and Suzard are gonna be great going back to the afternoon
You know, they were right in the mornings, but the afternoon you know I really do agree that they're in afternoon
After that they were comfortable and it's a lower slower pace and it's a different ballgame
I think it's gonna be fine. Oh, for sure
They're bored of Adam. Yeah, I don't like him very much
Okay, what's the start with Adam? Why do we hate him? Let's pick on him some can I say the other word for went
What pussy yeah, yeah, I'm the pussy. Yeah, I thought I'm a one of their
The thing that they had to do with the airport one of their tragic tripping yeah, and I just don't like me roasting the runway
Not that I had rubbed you the wrong way
um 21 years old and I'm certain size all right, and uh
What else?
Too bad feels leaving here's the guy who's 21 years old circumcised and was rubbed the wrong way by a pussy
Yeah, uh, you know, Phil is Phil is one of the big
That's like a good thing. He's going to California
To a much bigger market to a much bigger radio station and gonna make more money and uh and deservedly so you know
Exactly he deserved it, so we ought to be happy for him
However, however, I do want to say this and I did say it while he was here
So I'm not saying anything just because he walked out of the room
But his the obsession that he's got with with trying to convince me to go someplace else
I mean, you know, it's been trying to convince you huh?
Every day for like the last four months including on the year today both oh and
You know, maybe he's doing it because he feels that it's in my best interest or he you know, whatever it is
I don't know why I just have a feeling there that when you're leaving someplace you like to see it kind of disintegrate, you know
Kind of burning your bridges and right exactly and uh, I'm you know in November
I'm gonna be 54 years old or I just I just can't and no, it's not great. It's disgusting
And I can't envision after 20 years here
Just picking up like Marco Polo and just starting all over again someplace. Oh, what's the point exactly?
What's the point? I'm looking toward the end not toward the beginning
Your old shoe comparison was good, you know, yeah, I'm a comfortable
You're gonna be there next year tomorrow and you can do your gardening and to go out and get laid or something
The meantime it's just buzzing in the background and I'm that's it exactly. There you go
Neil have a good one and back to you
Okay, there's a fine young man circumcised ready to rock and roll. We have it open to the what?
What are you saying Andy? You're gonna like New York take me with you Andy take me with you put me in the trunk
You know when cap cities owned that radio station, which I don't want to say which one it is but uh, well
I'm telling you the number of overtures I had from them and the only thing is cap cities
He's very nervous very nervous. They don't want to put anybody we need controversial on there
They're kind of like vanilla like butterscotch pudding, you know and as a result they just uh, he's great
He's the best and we really want you but well, I don't need really have to say crap
And you're not gonna say asshole are you and you're sure as I'm not gonna say penis on here
Here's a mobile in Naples hello
Hello, yes sir. Neil yes, I um, I started listening to your show when they were carrying you on
WCN over here
70 and then you're the one you're the one yeah, I'm the one
I don't get much of rick and suds because my business that put me in the car at that time
But I catch a little bit of them I get as much of your show as I can every day right and a good bit of fill
I'm a 60 year old white male
I think that your show is great most of the time until you get too pissed off
um
Fill is the funniest craziest man. I have ever heard on the radio. Yeah, I have funniest and craziest right
I have turned on my own kids to listening to him. I have I'm 60 but I got an 11 year old. He loves to let me
Oh, you wouldn't let him listen to this show though?
I well, he's not out where he's not out of school when you're on oh, thank god
Yeah, I probably wouldn't let him listen to it anyway. No, but uh, um, I think I think you guys do it
A good job. We have no talk radio over here to mount anything we can get
uh
rush
A flame bag in the afternoon. Yeah, that's about it
And we get some little local stuff out of fort mires and oh no, no, no
We get wonderful radio in the afternoon here. We get the the hooters
broad
Out of tampa. Oh nice. Have you heard that? Yeah, any of that? Isn't that exciting?
Roodle. Okay. Thanks a lot pal. Okay. Have a great life. Yeah. Okay
Here's a mobile in pop it. Oh hello
Good afternoon. When is this I couldn't get in quick enough. I do hope the rick is listening on the radio
Definitely, but your life on it. Okay. My life ain't worth much, but I've met the life
Uh, as far as rick and suds in the morning
Um, yeah, I never needed a reason to listen and I don't think I need one now, but just on the outside chance
Rick and suds of the reason I listen
It's a micronary in the morning
Huh, I'll be glad to see them go to the afternoon spot. Yeah, maybe we can wind up with something really good back on a
Morning drive. Okay. I feel we used to have and whatever happens don't move Neil
I'm not going anywhere. Oh thank god. Spited what Phil Henry says if you'll Henry's got 10 agents going to be calling me at home this afternoon
Okay
But I'm not going anywhere. Oh, that's the greatest piece of news. I heard all that one less the price is right
Okay, thanks a lot pal. Thank you. And Rick. Thanks you too
Okay, so rick is gonna have a really good in fact
He'll probably get home in about a half an hour. He'll be really flooring that baby on a way up the Hershey highway
They just uh, you know, don't take it personally Rick, but they just don't like you that so I mean even the ones that like the show don't like you personally
But who cares about that they hate me like poison and look what I'm doing
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I think they they should bring John brow. We're back to to red or even if you had to resuscitate it if we have to prop him up in the chair like
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and a miss rental to mr. Alice rental. Yeah, I know you know what?
It's nothing wrong with any of you guy. What happened here? How about the daffy McCallum?
Oh, yeah, that forgot let's bring daddy back. Okay, but you know, there's nothing wrong with you guy the trolless the audience
This is a bad down. Yeah, you know something you're the best call we've had all day you're right
This is a great radio station. We got a bunch of deadheads out there and you know, it's it's just not as much fun
It's like it's like sex, you know, when there's somebody else involved
It's always a lot more enjoyable or at least usually than when you're doing it by yourself
And it's the same thing with these shows, you know when we've got an interactive audience sets
You know no matter what it is they got something to say whether it's serious or joking or
Jacking around or whatever they're doing, but this is such a deadhead place. It's just impossible. We choking him in
Miss Yacht with the here right side of the town and everybody
There's very difficult to laugh in day county. Yeah, you're right in the meantime, you know, you can
There's something oh there's something odious about day counting. Yeah, I read to peace by yeah, right screw him
The trouble is that is they want option. They can listen to radio gaborkian
Which is a human radio in this town see you know, I got people jumping off the the federal house in
Building in Miami radio mumbi see oh yeah, oh, uh, that's really caught you they gave you a free
Nice to cut your your your your your paint when you listen to that really
But really they're just just like you're chicken up for the a new and sacrifice right? Okay, amigo. Okay. I'll leave it there
It's be good. See ya
149 at W. I. O. D. and what we started out boy leave it to the old master man
We started out deadly today. It was gonna be another one of those real yawners another ponderous day and other begging and plating and
Just when I saw the opening there, you know, I've been feeling this in my bone
Since I came back from vacation. You just knew that it was you could just anticipate it was bound to happen sooner or later
And I decided why did hell not sooner and as soon as we had the gigantic opening we just jumped right into it
Right are you sure positive
11 till two at W. I. O. D. I'm say dolphins on radio. We mean simmering mad dog
Just for my
Dolphins all right turn down the TV you checked out
On the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play
News talking entertainment radio
610 W. I. O. D. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippopotamus
Okay 153 at W. I. O. D. I want to the great days in the history of broadcasting this will definitely go down put it in the
Time capsule for the Smithsonian Institute. This has been it. Magnum mistake about it
Here's dear field beach. Hello. Should have done that a long time ago. Right
That's great ratings. I'm glad that you're staying where you aren't here. I agree with you
You're at this far along the mouse will hang out another
Six years till you hang on another four or five years and retire and uh, I have to take the IRA and
Get a casino right anyway, uh, you uh, you like Johnny Dolan?
Do I like Johnny Dolan? Yeah, I always hear you're ripping him and I had a little story for you
Do I like him? You'd that's something though. Let me ask you this. Do you like terminal cancer?
No, okay. Okay. Well, here's my story. Yeah
This is teacher X-Board-Opple used to work at wins, right? You know, you were the fortune one
You used to have the gate pass but all the other shleppers used to have to ask for permission to come in yeah
I used to piss that SOB off because I would pretend I didn't hear him at the gate like three or four in the morning
I keep him out there like for a half an hour or so
He'd come running and what the hell is wrong with you? God damn it. I act like
I don't know what you're doing. Yeah, like he owned the joint. Yeah, he thought he was uh, you know
Joey Dolan. I know you fun. Yeah, he's a happy capper with all those nuts at his cheeks, right? He's the
Happy chipmunk of the coast so for the last ten years. I've kept that little secret that uh, he's he's sat out there for 45 him and last
I used to let hang out there for half an hour an hour. You know, I'm discovering you know that slogan nobody doesn't like syruly
I'm discovering that nobody likes Johnny Dolan. Well, what is it on the weekends? My why I work my boss puts that
Coast music on and I hear him happy weekend. What is that? That's the coast man
That's Johnny. He's coasted it through a real happy life
Anyway, I'm glad I'm sorry that Phil is leaving. I think he's
This you know, we don't know what we have to. He's gone, but that's right. He's the best man. He's the best in the world
Maybe we could pick him up on satellite somewhere. There you go. Love you. Show me. Okay, Pete. Bye. Get out of here
Okay, here's uh, Margate. Hello
Two quick comments for you. Yes, sir. I was listening to your show yesterday. I got really depressed about my foreskin
So I took my cigar cutter and snipped it right off nice and uh
And uh, Rick and suds. I've never listened to him before except for that one day when they had danger boy on
On the golden uh, on the Passover over there. Yeah, on Passover. Yeah
And they held me up by pouring the ants on his pants
Mm-hmm, and uh, that was the only time and now I really hate the hell out of those long pictures
Ha ha ha ha really? Yes, sir. Okay. All righty. You hear that Ricky. Hate you like poison. Hey
But drive drive careful. Okay pal. Yeah, have a great day
Yeah, it's just a thing Rick doesn't seem to understand of course. He's mellowed a lot since those well not a lot a little bit
Not at all. Yeah, I know he has mellowed a little bit a years ago
They really hated him like poison in fact. I think I might have not never hated him
But I think I just um he was kind of a hard-ass remember those days when he was like really obnoxious now
He's kind of uh, I don't know. He's lost the edge
I think maybe if he goes back to being even more of a hard-ass and starts ripping into uh, Adam all the time and just uh, you know
Did I'm saying? I think that might do the job for him creating kind of a new image or bring back the old one
What they hate him enough. Here's Miami Beach. Hello
Yeah, I'm new. Yes, sir. Yeah, no, I just want to say that Rick and Sus are pretty good. I mean
You know, they have their days up and down. You know, everybody does like a 95-year-old uh, you know
Somebody in a nursing home. Yeah, they have days not too often but once in a while to have a good day
I started to listen to you guys because I we're gonna back in my career
Yeah, and they only have eight a.m. Under radio in the cars. Yeah, so unfortunately I got stuck with that
But then I started to listen to you guys and see another another one of these accidents where you got
You just lucked into it. Are we lucked into you? Yeah, but it's pretty good. I'm impressed with you and Phil too
And Rick says okay, you know, but I was good with you guys. Okay, but every you know, we'll go along with that
Okay, you guys have a good one. Thanks pal
Okay, so we says that Phil and I are great in Rick and Sus. They're okay
I mean, you know, they're an acquired taste and once uh, I don't know what Rick is so defensive and psychotic about once
They get back on there in the afternoon everything's gonna be fine and uh, I will though
I'm gonna live up to my word as I try to do the thing about the ratings since I'm the ratings maven and keep
See years ago people used to care about that now. They just uh, it's just not the same feeling the same ambiance when the trends come out when a book comes out
It's uh, not the same
But I think that it's gonna be interesting. We'll take the last number that Phil Henry has in the final trend
And when that comes out, that'll be kind of like the standard, you know of whatever number they have to beat and of course if Rick doesn't beat it
Well here's uh, Davie hello. Hey, here's my critique my io d critique. Yes
Rick and Sus, uh, kind of boring a lot of dead air
And kind of awkward seems like there's a lot of times where they're just trying to think of something to say or do that's funny
I think that's an accurate assessment. Yeah, um, you're so you have the uncanny ability to do nothing and be extremely entertaining
Right, I don't know. I take that as a compliment. I come in here every day for four hours and I make something out of nothing and I
You know, I have no intention of changing that. I don't want to come in here with some kind of a pre-fab pre-arranged
I don't want to do that anymore. I want to come in here and spontaneously generate crap
Uh, hey, I'm telling you they take it as a compliment. That's how it's meant. Okay, and we feel the word genius has been bandied about and I can agree more
Yep, I mean, it's electrifying listening to it
But are you still it's frustrating and I'm sure it must have been for him too because you take a look at the the stuff that he's done
And the amount of reaction and response to it and then you look at the ratings and the you know, like he was saying the lack of commercial
Success and it just it just I don't understand it
I don't get it the audience is a blessing in the curse
It's a blessing because it provides fodder for him to do his thing right that blocking and play with the audience right tense
But it's also a curse because people are just like what is he doing? I don't understand, you know
So I think a lot he lost a lot of folks with his edge because it was a very sophisticated comic. Yeah
And this of course being such a sophisticated market
You two don't to George who's an incredible board off. Yes, he is the real type board
Incredible work editing and producing the best of tapes and one final question who does the local tags on the national spot?
They're they're really bad. Okay. I'll tell Kenny you said so
Okay, thank you. Okay, even again a shot for Kenny in there. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Today was your best show ever I agree this is probably the best show in the history of radio. I would say you guys should do that every day until the
Sailtakes over time I agree. I think that everybody also to come in on this show. I'll come in a few minutes early and
We ought to hang around you that went in doubt. We'll hang it out. Yeah, at least for like an hour or so
Okay, it's a deal
Okay, so there's the deal Rick's gonna hang around till two every day
Phil's gonna come in around noon 1230. We're gonna sit around and do this every day and when it out
Blow it out shoot it out
Right, so I knew it. I felt it was coming and guess what there it was and they loved it
They just people in the building are sitting around people don't even know that this radio station's out here
They're running out there changing to put an IOD on a marquee for what?
According to broadcasting and bankruptcy expert Larry King you're listening to the worst talk radio in America
W IOD Miami fort-eller Dale news talking entertainer take it out
16 W IOD
