I've been doing this a long time. I know how to do a talk. I've been doing this a long time. I know how to do a talk.
I'm gonna do no
Police stop my car
Police stop my car. No
Yeah, police made me stop walk a straight line and blow a balloon
No, police stop my car
Police made me stop walk a straight line and blow a balloon
I'm in the first place
No, no
No, they say they're just making sure that they're not going to be able to do it.
There's no open bars in my car
No, police rode a black
Police rode a black
Police rode a black I can smell their donuts and they smell my breath
No, police rode a black
Police rode a black I can smell their donuts and they smell my breath
They want to wish me a sober Christmas
That's why they always call me over Christmas
They don't let me out on bail
This Christmas from the bottom of their heart
Police love me up
Police love me up
They police love me up
Cause when I feel like you want to point one
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
The greatest football team
We take the ball from home and go like no one's ever seen
We're in the air, we're on the ground, we're always in control
And when you say my amy
Your talking super cold
Cause we're the
Miami
Oh
Miami
Top
Miami
Top
Number one
I'm in the
I'm in the
Miami
Top
Miami
Miami
Top
Miami
Come on, let's have a goddamn party here today for crying out loud
So there were those long pussy stuff there like that jackass from Alabama and Cove
Let him stay there
With a banjo on his ass
Yes, clue, though
Miami
Top
Thank you, Wayne
Miami Top
Miami Top
Number one
Yes, clue, though
Miami Top
Miami Top
Miami Top
Miami Top
Okay, so he's going to sell out our hockey team so he's lied a lot, he's got a bad complex and he's got a really freaky bad ball to head
But doesn't everybody in town want to say thank you to Wayne for doing the right thing with the dolphins today? No, why not?
Why the hell not? Don't you want to get on your hands and knees for Wayne? No, why not?
God damn it. No, all right
So anyway, here we are it's 1009 at WIOD happy Thursday to you. I'm ecstatic
I'm getting my dolphin season tickets again. I'm going to be the most enthusiastic fan
This isn't the case of jumping on and off the bandwagon. This is a case of doing something based on principle
We don't need a bunch of sourpuses out there. Let's get somebody with a good sense of humor like Jimmy
Well, he may not have a good sense of humor when it comes to the game itself
But I think that he's like a little more in touch with reality with like what's going on around him?
And all you people out there that were so recalcitrant all that time. I don't I don't understand it. I don't get it
They took that pool like about four weeks before the end of the season almost everybody they wanted Jimmy and they wanted Shula out
Wayne finally did something great and I think it's national. Thank you day
Everybody in his town should call up and say thank you Wayne. No, why not?
Come on
Show that spirit. It's the 11th of the goddamn January. Let's make a New Year's resolution
We're going to support these dolphins now winner lose thicker thin as long as we got a coach who's alive sounds good to me
Even if he does keep Gary Stevens, which I can't imagine why he's gonna do that
But that's what the rumor is who cares
At least he might kick him in a pants a little bit and wake his ass up and say guess what that?
Yard and half and a cloud of dust and throw in 60 bombs again. They're not going to get the job done
So are we ready to really celebrate no
Damn it
I'm celebrating Melissa Rogiari and Eric and you do it every week. Melissa. You're a beautiful
You're predictable and a beautiful thing you piece of turd you first of all
She's got a big thing about his bill Tanner coming back to town. You think Bill Tanner's coming back? No, I don't either not if he's smart
Because I think all those kids grew up anyway
But anyway and that goes on about why 100 of course on air, which is another that's just another David Ross thing
You know and then we hear about JNO which nobody here cares about in John Pocano who's the ops manager at whoa-oh in Fort Wayne
Home of the Fort Wayne comments hockey broadcast for many many years and maybe it still is I don't know
And then we get a thing about love 94 and then if this is the best part
If you haven't caught them yet the WIOD AM 610 musketeers Neil Rogers Phil Henry and Rick and Sets will be at the adventure of borders books and music
Saturday from noon to 2 p.m. Selling their best of CDs and cassettes which benefits center one
She actually got all the info right to right time to right place nice go on Melissa sweetheart
And I know you're listening right now in fact it's obvious from this column you're listening to WIOD every day
Even while I'd brought up from big as whispering in your ass in your ear
Speaking of Rogers he says anyone catch Larry King on Henry show on Monday calling WIOD the worst talk radio station in the nation and Rogers the worst talk show host ever
Anybody catch that no as if that's the big story
Another little shot in there right Melissa. I'm proud like I said yesterday. That's the proudest moment in my life
To be vilified by a petulant Larry King
Who just can't take the fact that there's anybody in this country got the balls to a finger him the way that I have
And he liked it. No
Yes, he did
So thank you Melissa for if nothing else at least being consistent our center one total look at that
130,000 341 rovert that 130 hump and we got like 20 days to go and we need a little under 20 grand to get to our 150 goal
Which I think we're gonna do because guess what as Melissa says this Saturday will be at borders in adventura noon to 2 at
199th in Biscayne in North of date up there and that should be great
We should have like a line of people up there kissing our rings
For saying thank you for like bringing about public pressure and being responsible for one of the greatest moments in the history of this community. No, yes
So it's 1013 at W. I. O. D
Make him swear like Brian
Pack his breakfast in his grip
Hit him off this sinking ship
I
So
Yes, century village once him but he's not a Jew boy
It's been great to be around get the hell out of Miami town. Yes
So
I
Any way to we take up up for my
Come on. Let's have a party here today. No. Yes. No
1016 at W. I. O. D. No, we have all the day lines wide open here
We're telling him to stay and are two people ecstatic
This is the day you've been waiting for it's gonna be official today four o'clock this afternoon
The guy would all that big freaky here is gonna be here Jimmy Johnson who drives a beautiful Corvette
Even if it is filthy needs to be washed desperately which everybody can see that
751 W. I. D. Come on. Let's let's have a little enthusiasm here. No. Yes. No
God damn it. What's wrong with you people you saw our pie in his town, huh?
This was so important everybody. I was asking that whole day that one day I kept asking
Why is this so important? It's a football coach and evidently people got upset about that because it is important
That's all we got here look at those day lines. Let's have a party. No come on wake up get with it. No
You mothers
Come on just one time. Okay. No
Here's Lake Worth on the purple line. Hello. Hey, good morning. Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to thank you first of all for all the good times in South Florida and
Well, you're welcome. Welcome to the worst talk show in America
Hey, you got that
The only the only time I miss this show is
When I have to leave our Florida because I am a truck driver, but other than that, I'm okay. Yeah
You think I'm gonna call the Jimmy thing. Yes, I am static about it. I'm a dolphin fan and
It was not a surprise to me. I thought that that was the right thing
I say that we buy that all the tickets in that stadium all the season tickets should be sold out as soon as the announcements official
Before this afternoon everybody should buy season tickets and sell out J. R. S. just like the Patriots did last year
Even before they start okay and winner lose through thick and thin and it's gonna take him a couple of years
He ain't gonna perform a miracle overnight. We go out there and show a little enthusiasm for a guy at least that's alive
I'd say one thing we have a better balance than what he had left after the
laundry
Go to get dragon on and dragon on why we didn't have no one on 15 season here
Or three and 13 or whatever the hell it was
It was three and 13 and then Jimmy was one and 15 regardless of that
I think that he can do something a lot quicker than one year and even though
I said it happens in two years. We'll have fun in those two years and I know he's gonna pack it in because no
We're gonna be playing a great football this year. No in this coming year and
Hey, I'm looking forward to going and see you at the games because I definitely want to be
Seasick and holders all right and
Hey, I think it's gonna be happening back in Miami and the dolphins are gonna be right on the top. No
All right, I'm with you pal. Thank you. I'll see you there right on the 50-yard line. Well be
Well, it's done the 50-yard on the four section but way up there you come and wave just throw some crap down
Just throw some cups down with little bit of schmutz in them. We'll be up there. Okay, pal. Have a great life
Purple line is open. That's now the everybody a mobile line for all you
Mobile one and AT&T wireless customers and those of you who don't like any more BS on your cellular phone at pound iod
We got the whole deal going out for everybody. You're not closed out anymore. Are we pay for it? How do you like that?
That thing should be smoking these days just like our listeners. Speaking of that here's a lady in oh, we got to do the mobile on their dime
How come you called on your dime
Hello, how you doing? Yes, sir? Oh
Listen, this is the bad news that I heard in a long long time. No
And for the first time I agree with something with you. Yeah, always listen to you
But I never call and I like to show you if you wait long enough sooner or later will agree on something
How do you like that if you just give me a chance? Give me 20 years and we'll agree on one thing anyway
That's probably I'm not you for your courage and and the way you talk to people
That's right. Tell me like it a like it that might be
Oh, I think it's wonderful. All right. I'm glad you're happy pal. You're gonna be there at some of the games
You're gonna give us your tangible support
Listen, I'm a diehard dolphin. All right, and these stars will be excited
We all a lot of respect to Shula, but it's time for a big change time time to change those undies right? That's right
We need a big winner. I think we're in the right track now
All right, see you there, pali
Thank you much audio's I'll read the darch whatever you are
We have an open line in date 751. We go on on the green line. I I want to see trop
I mean I'm real outpouring even before the official announcement
And I'm proud of the fact that I was well
I had enough foresight to tell you four or five years ago that we were on a steep decline at this bs
Are continuing to to lead people by the nose out there and tell you oh something's gonna happen
By the way to panther defense sucks. I just want you to know that
Three nothing lead last night then four two in the third period
I'm gonna tell you another thing that Jovenowski man. You got to clear it out of your zone
You can't play like that Eddie. Okay. You're a little on the week side these days. You're gonna be good someday
But not right now and then the the geezer plays great. He does this all the time play great the whole game and letting one greasy
Goal that tied the game where we wind up with one points that we should have two
But hey, we'll be okay
We're still doing pretty damn good our panthers
They're you know, and then there's the article here which almost makes me believe which it's wishful thinking on my part
I keep reading these things about
The arena and about they're gonna have their good browards gonna get their act together and before it's like the end of the year
And the proposed arena may do this and may do that and they're gonna make a decision on
By the 30th or 31st of the month and then before the deadline that wait is imposed
So maybe we can actually almost like Wayne a little bit of something good happens. Oh, well, maybe you're right
Maybe I'm getting carried away. I'm just in one of those positive moods for one time because for crying out loud
What else are we gone here except a lot of drugs in South Beach
Yeah, that's like I said yesterday
They had a big thing on channel seven news which I go desperate. I'm even watching. I will confess channel seven news now a lot
I'm embarrassed to be watching it but not to embarrass to admit it because I will not watch channel four since they fired my friend barber
The best I would never watch channel six with that slays suspended Tony Segredo
And I might watch channel 10 news if they didn't had that Jimmy syphilis on air and syphilitis
But so anyway, they had a big thing about all the bars especially the gay bars being rated on South Beach because they're looking for drugs
I mean don't they understand that's all there is over there is like
drugs in South Beach and a lot of pretty bodies all stuck up and mostly fags anyway
But what so what's the big shock over there? Oh, there's drugs on South Beach. What a concept we just discovered it
Anyway, so we got nothing else good going on. We got Jimmy Johnson signing two day
Everything's gonna be phenomenal
We don't care if the market goes down another hundred points. We're not worried about small potatoes like that
We don't care if Hillary a hezzer finger in a cookie jar. We don't care what's going on
We care about the fact that something good finally might be going on here that we all want even if we don't give a crap about the dolphins or football or anything else
Something we're like making a movement into the 20th century no 1023 at WIOD
News talk an entertainment radio
610 WIOD the worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W out no the worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W out no
This station stands for nothing
Huh build doesn't have a clue
We dare to call him leader
No
About those roles
That no
But something's not complete
Since 92 in November
Yeah
Cause this wild wife's
Is our minds
And everything's in so discrete
But she's lying through his teeth. No people catching catching them cheat and just denied
And I
So
So
Hillary
It's calling
No, okay, 1028 at WIOD I love that WIOD George is taking a dump or something. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Yes, I am
Okay
Listen, I saw the Toronto
What kind of a phone are you on you got like a cozy over that thing or one?
The portable inside the worst
I saw the highlights of Toronto game last night
What do you mean I see the highlights I have the game I saw the game
I saw the games
Oh
It games over 500 were kicking ass baby
Hey, that was a physical game Matt Sundin is God
It was great
No, yes
No, no, okay
That's all I'm out there telling me yes again. Okay. Yes. No. Yes. Okay pal. Okay. Go leave. Go later. See you
Tidome and Ken Baumgartner and that's the kind of guys he likes in Jamie Macau
And he likes as an Sergio Momezzo
He likes those goons out there that the enforcers that's right
The Lisa are making a big move baby. You can almost smell it
We have an open line in date. I don't want to see no open lines here today
I'll tell you that we're having a big party. We're celebrating. I'm gonna be positive
You people are the ones you know, I've been punching around since the yesterday since it became very obvious even the Jimmy's mother
That he's gonna be here. It's official. He's gonna shave off his head and have a ball spot
And I'm flipping around and there's like no enthusiasm. This is what everybody wanted
They've been talking about it. You could puke from all the
speculation that was going on there was even speculation going on in date county
And now it's like, uh, yeah, who cares
Bunch of sourpuses is what we got here. We finally got something good to grab onto something to be positive about
And what do they got to say about it basically nothing
Look at that even at purple line, which is now for everybody that even used to have a cellular phone
Even if you don't still have it pound i.o.d that thing is open one in date
751 w.i.o.d
We should have these phones should be smoking off the hook with Jimmy I just today
Sand thank you so much Wayne for finally doing something that we wanted no
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Feel how you doing okay, sir. Hey listen. I cannot thank Wayne without thanking you at the same time. That's right inseparable thanks
But the way in and I are inseparable. No, no, I wouldn't go that far. Yeah, but neither also listen
I don't like that complexion. Yeah, listen. You know how you've been talking about though, you know
Wayne in the dolphins for a few years
Why are they giving Joe Rose? You know, I mean why they talking like he's the one who was negative about about the guy
You know at least you know, I mean you say to right why is who talking well you know on that station. I listen a little bit
I have to admit
Uh, you know, but they keep pumping up Joe like you know, you were the only one negative and you were yeah right right right
What do you make of that? Mm-hmm. What do I make of that that they're full of crap like they always are is what I make of it
Yeah, anybody with two ears knows better than that
Yeah, but they believe it. Yeah, no, they don't believe it. They don't believe they don't believe anything that they say
They also don't believe that they're going to have any great numbers that they have any listeners
They don't believe any of that they know that they're desperate over there
Which is why they keep trying to rip us off they even have now attitude liners if you listen to their station
Which I do every now and then they have attitude liners like we do which I'm embarrassed about ours
You know like well, you know, we're the uh asshole station whatever that is whatever they say now
What about what about their segue going from uh, you know that the shoeless sucking to now the Jimmy's sucking in less than a week?
Yeah, I mean, you know that's not a no credibility
Which they never had in the first place and I will give credit where credit is due because he is listening
And that is that fat the a Hummer the fat Hummer over there did break the story before anybody
And now his good buddy suspended Tony on there they even got promos on channel six
Tony cigarette oh broke the story first
He did not the Hummer broke the story
All right, so how do you like that? I like it goes to show that everybody in this town is full of crap. No except me
And me right all right. Thank you. Okay, pal
Yeah, let's stand up for once right just for once in our lives. Let's stand up and be counted
Oh, we have an open line and Broward five two four W. I. Would be we go one in the green line there
Where the drunk lady finally passed on on the floor with her bottle of Vagram Al-Boon at one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
one eight hundred nine four four W. I. Would be this is a great day market on a calendar
It's beautiful out there the sun is shining. It's like 70 something degrees. It's gonna be fantastic
We got reason to have a smile on our pus
Something just good happen. That's all it doesn't make any difference. What it has to do with it. Just something good
When's the last time you can remember something good happening here, huh? When's the last time
Maybe March 1st 1976 when I came to town
Since then not too much while we got the Panthers. We got the Marlins. We got the heat
That was pretty good if you're a sports fan, but this transcends that
This transcends it by miles
Here's uh, doesn't it here's pop it OB tello. Yeah, sir party buddy. It's right. All right
Did you see what kind of car he was driving? Yes, sir. That Corvette a nice dirty Corvette
Now we can afford to get that thing washed now that he doesn't have to depend on that money from Fox anymore
I's got a real income coming in he can get Spencer to watch it. There you go good idea. I like that
Hey, uh, you're absolutely right because uh, I'm a season ticket holder that
Last year was my first year and if uh, Shul was coming back this year, I wasn't renewing
I know a lot of people like that who were just at the rope sand they have no more and wanted no more of it
I will be now though definitely no great. I mean, it's worth the money to know that you know
You got a guy that can put a team together and
At least there's an effort being made to bring in a guy who's had great success who like is in the 20th century
Is not gonna put up with Brian Cox's annex isn't gonna put up with any bull crap is in control is in charge and is like
You know what I'm saying is a motivator instead of a guy who's trying to live off his past successes from 20 years ago
Stand it around with his arms folded like wondering what's going on. Yeah, exactly
He might actually be uh jager will actually be involved in the game right there. You go wouldn't that be something exciting
And now we need is uh because it looks like you know, he might be keeping uh Gary Steve and hopefully you can
Kick him in the ass a little bit and get him to stop running that shovel pass and maybe get him to run some more running plays there
Yeah, we might be in good shape and I want to say it again, you know
Emmett Smith has got like one more year and there is a free agent
I know a lot of people are talking about that. He'll be a free agent
I wouldn't be at all surprised wouldn't that be I would get on my hands and ease and kiss the ground
Yeah, if the dolphins had a running back who could like actually run more than like a yard and a half at a time
Against the good team. It's all really near the running back in a good defensive pass rush
You know, and I mean, you know, we'll be right up there
Yeah, an offensive line a defensive line with a pass rush a middle line backer wasn't
You know spitting at the crowd right and maybe a secondary that isn't as porous as a sieve which is a lot of work needs to be done
And another thing I wanted to say kind of a request here
Um, I know we've been talking about what's the name Larry King all week when I really talking about it. Larry who? No
See it Jeff
Um, did anybody request that I've got a ball spot instead of under the board lock that song
Oh, what is that called by the way, Jura?
It's called balled spot. I don't think I heard it all week. What a strange name that is. Okay, you got it
Thanks a lot buddy and have a great line for you too
We have an open line and Broward. We're starting to get these bastards awake here today
I'm not just gonna sit back here. I'm turning on the sports show. They're talking about the heat. They're talking about
Kakai. They're talking about what's wrong with you people, huh?
What's wrong with you
She was the best piece of ass I ever had in my life to be perfectly frank
And a man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. What's wrong with you
Are you losing your senses or what
We got an open line there on a green line in Palm Beach and if there's somebody who's not drunk beside that crazy bitch that called before
You can use it right now. We pay for it. How do you like that? Do you like it or not
1-800-944-9463. It's 1036
At WIOD
Melissa Regieri by the way says this is the worst talk station she here at somebody say that
The opinions expressed by the host gaster colors on WIOD are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors
All WIOD programs are copyright
1996 by WIOD Incorporated no tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD
Incorporated. I don't have a bon spot
When the sun beats down and burns the top of my head
And when my employees laugh at me I wish I were dead
I got a ball spot
And top of me
Should I paint it?
When it's a cover it's all up to me
He's got a ball spot
Just like a billion balls
I feel three inches tall
Please help me run bobe
I know how Larry King feels he's got a ball spot
Ball spot
Oh when I painted my head my wife she said she's out of here
And when I go to the John the guys are using my head for a mirror
Yep it
Should I paint it?
Plans and top cover it it's all up to me
He's got a ball spot just like a billion balls
I feel three inches
Please help me run bobe
I know how Larry King feels
He's got a ball spot
1042 a WID you think he really knows how Larry King feels
So we got two open lines and date where they dropped off to show the tremendous
Would date is where the problem is that's where the enthusiasm is lacking
Because all the Julios they don't know from Ymi Yansen that's the problem
I got news for a Yansen place for the Leafs okay
So anyway
We got some good stuff here from our friends at the Amish country
The natural cheese people is that the natural cheeses people
And I got some of their Havardi with Dill and some of their Swiss with almost no carbohydrates by the way also some sliced boar heads boar's head
Bologna bring Bologna
Hmm kind of second just a little snack mom don't get panicky okay
Just a nice little snack with almost zero carbs here this morning
And I'm back on the Atkins and I'm feeling great and I'm just full of it today. I am loaded with it
Got that chees just like melting your mouth those cheeses
Here's the Aladian Lake worth that George is a so fond of hello
Hello
What happened in the Ladian Lake worth
Hello
I just talked to her what do you mean you just talked to her
Hello
Like seconds ago. Yeah
Well, she's drunk okay leave that bitch alone okay put around her do something with her stick around hold
Let's go to a deer field hello. She's probably having a party over Jimmy hello
deer field
Oh
It would help if I pressed the button hello. Well, I got so excited about the drunk lady that I got my finger on it
Oh, it's excited. Yeah, Neil. This is a great day. I'm glad he's finally announcing it. Yeah
Best things ever happened to offer both team in 20 some years. Yes, as far as Lara Kea's concern. He's blown for 20 so far
No
Now I was unfortunately stuck listening to him early mornings about five years ago. Yeah, we used to we I would do you use the carrier?
We us
And last thing I heard his radio show is vanished you can't find that anywhere can you no right?
That would be a plus. Yeah, there would be a definite no it is a plus his radio show is off because he went on the afternoon
Because mutual couldn't make any money on an all-night show which figures and so they they put about an afternoon driver
They would thought that all the stations in America would drop their afternoon drive shows
Including us to put that bald headed geek on a ear and they all said the same thing no
Yeah, I had a chance to watch a big Wilson. Yeah, he was lame. He might have been nice
He was a good guy, but he was not one of the greatest entertainers. That's right
You knew him. I didn't have a chance to meet him, but he was he might have been as nice as a day as long
But he was lame he played the piano and he did tinkle a lot on that piano
He tinkled all over everybody was a good guy. I like big he was a friend of mine and I liked him
But he shows sucked you know, let's be honest. That's for sure. Right. That's for sure Neil
Thank you, and that's Larry's idea of talk radio is going back to that stuff from before Jesus was a baby
That's why I like Shula so much. He likes all the old guys from a before you know, Methusla the big smooch
Big ass kisser. He used to put me to sleep at three o'clock in the morning. Oh no
I was trying to deliver blood now to end up having car accidents because that's why we hit him on the ear
It was better than taking all those pills. He's always pedaling
And that helps you okay, pali. Bye. Have a great day pali see. I'm starting to say that now too pali
Oh god, do I hate that
Jeff Ly says that all the time and it's always so insincere to hey pali. I'll get out of here you silly goose
Open line and day 751 one and brown that center one total is 130,000 341
Don't forget get into your borders books music and cafes stores
You still got 20 days three weeks to go before our campaign ends the end of January and we'll be at the borders and have a tour of this
Saturday noon to two fill and Rick and suds and me
And we want to make that 150 grand so bad we can almost taste it we could smell it
Here's the facts that says Rick and suds near Rogers and Phil Henry spelled right
On behalf of national thank you day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for not mentioning a damn thing about effing oj's video
It seems that every damn channel had some crap to say about it last night shame on them
We love you all environmental recycling ink. We love you guys too. No. Yes, we do
OJ's video now oj can wipe his ass with it. Okay, and anybody that goes out there and buys that video will be shot on site. Okay
29 bucks to hear the man lies some more haven't you heard him lie enough yet?
Haven't heard enough lies about oj? No, yeah, there's the guy that had Bobby Shapiro on and every one of those god damn grave robbing lawyers on his show and just love sucking their ass. No, yes
Let's do a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing great welcome to our party, sir? Well, thank you
Would you like to talk hockey for just a minute? Sure, whatever you like
You know what I've got a point last night and a leaf's got a couple. We'll take whatever we can get
What about Gord Murphy, huh? He's he's the Goli defenseman. We got he is his phenomenal
Love Gord Murphy when I was watching that game when they were down two men when they were short two men right
It seemed to me that watching them try to fight off those two penalties is almost as exciting as scoring a goal right. Oh, yeah, that was phenomenal
Yeah, yeah, oh
I'll tell you the rest of that defense phala and
Carcler and jill van oski those guys got a butcher up big time
Well, you know something I don't know if you've ever been out to Denver
But you lose your breath real fast out there and I think they were just gassing towards the end there
Yeah, but Denver got back like at one thirty in the morning from Boston because they had to make up that game that was snowed out
So they had like almost no sleep and
You know if anybody should have run out of gas it was them
But we got this new deal now where we had the same thing in that caps game here
You get a four two lead in the third period you can't protect it
We had a three nothing lead in that game. How can you blow a three nothing lead?
What you're supposed to be a really solid defensive team which we're not now that's good
How about that horrendous greasy gold a biserlet in that wrap around where the guy starts the other way and then a biser takes one big move in a wrong direction
And by the time he gets back but I'm being it's in the net that was pretty weak john. Yeah pretty weak mr
All-star. He's not get past them. Yeah, he always lets in one greasy goal man in this case it cost us the other point
Hey, you you folks are very much involved with center one over there, right? Yes, we are um
I thought it I bring something up in May. They're having a a road race for eight
Are you familiar with that? No, I'm not it's a
270 mile bike ride from Orlando to Miami. Mm-hmm, and
It's another way for fundraising to take place in fact. There's a meeting tonight at center one well semi-all the stuff
Okay, I'll factor to you. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. All right, bubba. See ya
Open line of Broward 5241 on the green line 1-800. Oh, it's speaking of center one
Yesterday people were asking Phil to play the Larry King tape again and the various other stuff
I'm driving home listening to this and one guy one guy from Venezuela another homophobic Julio
He calls and is requesting some damn thing that he plays and he says well what the charity is this?
So what it and Phil says center one is well what did they do?
He says they help people with aids. Oh, uh instead of $60 now making $40 like these guys first of all where they wouldn't send
60 cents in their first place
But then when he found out what it was for and he's gonna reduce his
Contribution because he heard it was for people with aids
Spick yeah homophobic Julio's man
I got news for if I had a dollar for every fag and buy a Julio that we got in this town
I could retire right now guarantee you that that that's the damn truth
All these closet people and this guy was from Venezuela
All those guys in Venezuela do it. I'll tell you that right now and in Brazil man
Even the women are man in Brazil. I've told you that many many times
That's why I don't want to go there. You don't even know what you're dealing with
1049 a WIOD the
People in South Florida were pushing new buttons this week the ones controlling their heater
Mother Nature caused it the weather channel predicted it and you got the news on the big chill from news talking entertainment radio
610 WIOD
The dolphins are gonna kick their ass
Oh
There comes a time in a young woman's life when she has to ask questions mom. I have to ask you a personal question
Do you do sure I do I use vinegar and water why vinegar and water
Because silly I'm Italian hidden valley douche in Italian French French or new chunky blue cheese
1052 a WIOD we got an open line of date one and brown one on the green line three like I said
They should all be smoking off the hook. You're just not enthusiastic. You're a bunch of deadheads man
You should be parting right now. You should be rolling out the weed
You should be getting out the goddamn buds in the bud lights. You should be getting out the moulson
You should be having a party in your pantaloonies right now
You should be grabbing whoever the hell is right next to you and just doing all kinds of wicked stuff like that guy from Venezuela is probably doing
That homophobic Julio
So anyway moving right like see you can't you know you try. Why do I do this you try to make gold out of chop to liver out of a chicken
crap you can't do it
When there's something they beg and they plead you finally give them what they want you say okay
We're sick and tired of this we can't handle it anymore
We don't want to support it and then maybe you start wondering if that might not have just been an excuse all along okay
Oh here she is oh
What happened to you
Nice burp yeah
Is this the same fix that was on Rick and suds earlier pardon me were you on with Rick and suds this morning?
I was waiting for you oh yeah where were you I was right here. I was speaking to you but you were in coherent no
I was not in coherent now. That's why I'm just like
Trying to wake up after on the garbage. Yeah after a long hard time. Okay
The dolphins number one take the nude coach take the nude coach the new take the new coach
Yeah, what do you think I think it's great?
Yeah
Yeah, they'll get some attention
Because they're not gonna get any attention. Yeah, they'll be starting playing ball better
So how long do you have this drinking problem sweetheart?
Darling I don't have a drinking problem. Yeah, just like you don't just like you don't have a ball spot right?
Thank god no, and I don't have a pot building. I don't have a burping problem either
I beg your pardon you have a pot. I don't smoke pot. No a pot belly. Is that what you're doing you're on the weed?
No, I don't smoke or on the wagon
Pardon me. I said what's your story? Why do you sound so incoherent and why do you keep pulling back?
I'll tell you why you keep pulling back over and over again
Are you the best we can do in Palm Beach is a drunken slot like you? Oh?
God, thank you for insulting me. You're welcome. I really appreciate it. Because today is national
Thank you. They so much you to say thank you very much. Thank you very much. No. I love you
No, what so anyway, what's the what's the thank you to me?
What's the purpose of this incoherent call? I am like
pissed off at H.R.S. Yeah, H.R. Why they take your bottle away? Did I settle?
Did you want?
H.R.S. yeah and Medicaid. Uh-huh. Okay, now I'm I have got this far right? Yeah, you got this far away.
I have some pages and pages of paper. Yeah, no you guys are entertainment in between. Yeah
No office of inquire. No, no
Yes, yeah, yes, I did. Okay, sweetheart. George finds you very entertaining and music. I don't
We have two open lines under green lines one eight hundred. She's a just a stumbled bum drunken down bitch
Okay, and we're paying tax money to support people like that. She's probably got 17 kids crawling around in the trailer
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. What's the latest of marinas? Are you gonna retire or what's going on?
Meaning what? Well, wasn't he supposed to have some kind of press conferences this morning or no?
He didn't have any press conference. He was on Y100 making an announcement about the
Marrida and Marino uh
charitable foundation for whatever that is and it had nothing to do with whether we there you go
There's another guy that blurt's out the S-word you can't say crap on the air pal
Maybe you can take one in this town. No, probably not
But you can't say it
We have an open line in date seven five one w come on. Let's get with it for crying out loud
See there's another negative. Oh, isn't Dan gonna retire
I just turned that there was a big announcement this morning on a radio right another guy that gets sucked in by David Ross
And those figures and Y100
When are you people ever gonna get a life because you're something on a radio right away? You believe it right?
But the the um yeah the rain in Spain falls mainly on Uranus
Right no
Jesus god almighty
Two open lines on the green lines. They don't care about Jimmy Johnson up there in Palm Beach
They drive all the way down here to support the dolphins no matter who the coach is because they got nothing else anyway
Except that purple palace and lot of stupid wrestling and a little of dinky minor league hockey team. That's all they got
1-800-944-W-I-O-D
Here's wet. What is that west bokeh? What is that? Hey now. Is there a west bokeh? Yeah, it's west
And all right well excuse me and it's in between uh-huh
Hey, I called you Tuesday and you called me an Irish pipe twister. Yeah, what's that supposed to mean?
Just whatever it means like a Scottish bagpipe squeezeer. I'm Italian. Yeah, so what difference is it mate?
And I do choose vinegar probably not even circumcised
No, huh. How do you like that? Were you born in this country?
Miami and you're not circumcised no and you're a tagging
The Pope's pissed off about that. I'll tell you
What why not? I don't know. What are your parents barbarians or something? They had mercy on you
You're ass
George just started a whole bunch of cheese in here and I know where it came from
Listen to the movie. Yeah, right
Speak all right. All right. What all right? So what's the purpose of the call? I have to get in the org man
But what do you call for? I wanted to know why you called me that though. Oh what I was piped with this
We have an open line on a purple line pound IOD. Here's the four-letterdale. Hello
If the pipe fits where it four-letterdale's gone open line and powered five two four. Here's the Hollywood. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm ready man. You're ready for what the dolphins? Uh-huh
I think what one of the things that John's gonna do is he's gonna demand a crap loader respect from the players which
Shoes it didn't have right
He's got that first team me. He's gonna show you what leadership is all about just like Doug McClain did with our panthers
He's gonna show you what being an active involved coach really means that
And he's not gonna put up with the gene actins and Brian Cox and Louis Oliver's of the world for two seconds
They better get it in their head right now if they plan on perpetuating that bull crap routine of theirs
They can do it someplace else exactly not that I want to speak for Jimmy, but I do that first team meeting that he have that was beautiful
Open line at Broward five two four nine four six three five two four w i o d and two on a green lines palm beach
Try to get them enthused about anything except the goddamn cemetery village bingo is impossible
1 800 nine four four nine four six three palm beaches the problem I've discovered that
And as of like about noon today
We're gonna transfer those two green lines those free palm beach lines over. She don't need those anyway
She don't get no calls from because she's on an Orlando. She doesn't get the calls on those lines
Who the hell needs those?
Trans from over to purple lines and let's get these mobile people involved the active living and breathing people
You may even get out of the house once in a great while like maybe once a month
Is that a radio in your pocket? Are you just glad to see no
We I O D my any fort-letter days use talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W out
Yes
Yes
I'm tombo dead for motel sex school is back in session and football seasons just around the corner and that means all you quarterbacks and cheerleaders will be looking to get laid
Now it used to be you could have sex in the back seat of your father's car
But with the size of those sub compacts they're making these days. There's hardly enough room to lose your chinos much less your cherry
That's where motel sex comes in you can get a clean comfortable room with a bed in a nice bucket to keep your mad dog
2020 nice and cold all for just $24 in most places a little more if you want a condom a little less if you don't plan on going all the way
And we don't have to change the sheets
So this way you can screw around all you want and you won't have to worry about taking a gear shift up the bike
Oh, I'm tombo dead for motel sex and we'll leave the light on for you
So you like it that way
Not these not these everywhere Jesus Christ. He just passed right by me on your miles an hour if Jesus were coming back on a motorcycle
They'd probably stop him for going too fast. I love these guys. Isn't that pathetic? I promote a
An adult club in town. Yeah, and they won't let us advertise on the station
So I don't know if I can mention the name on what station on your station why not
Because the nature of our business not even the sex bitch show at night. Especially that one
Why not let us touch that no wonder we can't have any spots on that show because it's a sex show
But we can't have any sexual places on it. I'm a isn't that pathetic. What about your brown noses?
We got down her in salesman. Although I think that's her call. She's the one that said now. I don't want none of that
Yes, go ahead. What can I mention the name you can mention whatever you want all right to see his cabaret. Oh, you can't say that
I just did what tootsies cabaret. I didn't say that. Oh
Well, what is it? What do you do there? Well, it's a nude lady, you know nude ladies. Yeah, you know everything you need is right there
So what's wrong with that? It's a beautiful thing. We want to invite Jimmy Johnson to come see Christy Canyon this week
Christie's Canyon Christy's the Valley of the Canyon. Yeah, that amazing thing. Uh-huh 600 films
Yeah, she's a star. Yeah, I bet I'll bet kind of a worn-out star at this point, but nevertheless a big star
Real good. Okay, but you got to get it to me. Oh, okay
Because Jimmy singles an easy to single guy. That's right now. I was married. We couldn't get him in there right
He's always moaning because he's married to Mary and whatever she was you want to go in there
But but we can get Jimmy in there Jimmy will be glad to come by when he says that
Don's married to Dorothy is what Larry said is that what's going on now? That's what he said no. Yes, he did
Well, listen pack. Good luck to you. Okay. I gotta go keep doing whatever you're doing. Yeah, right? Okay
We have an open line on a green line 1-800-944 go up to Tutsi's and get whatever you want to get
Okay, get some Tutsi's get laid get some something
Well, by the way, don't forget the young and a horny day. I think next getting out today. He's gonna shave
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I tried to get through yesterday, but your lines were jammed
In reference to that guy that was talking about a Jewish porn star
Jerry Butler is Jewish. Yeah, I grew up with I don't want to know from him. He makes me sick to my stomach
I'm just verifying that the guy is telling the truth, but I don't know where he came up with the name Berkowitz's last name is
Ciderman I grew up with Rick Ciderman is a porn star. Paul Ciderman is his ring. Oh my god Rick son
I wonder he sounds so deep pressed all the time and speaks with that list. I don't know
But I just called to verify that gentleman's story. He is Jewish. I once said Jerry Butler in a movie to a very strange thing
And thanks giving time with a turkey, but I don't want to win it whatever he said to he didn't I just called to
The gentleman is telling the truth. Okay, well, I always thought he was pretty circumspect well
He was always a strange character. Okay. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay more Jewish hockey players too
We need besides Matthew Schneider and Mike Hartman and who is the other one? I don't know
Open line at day seven you know you what's wrong with you people come on. We're having a party here today
As Mike Spindell once said on a station when he was on a year with nobody listening don't you people want to have a good time?
Oh those were the days my friend those were the days when we had little pipsquicks on here
You're a good guy Mike, but you belong down here about as much as most of our weekend programming is not at all
Unbelievable don't you people want to have a good time
Yes, what Mike that you're not our idea of a good time are you no
Here's not on the ear and not off the ear you're a good guy, but just keep inspecting those restaurants. Here's Boka. Hello
Hello
Hello, yes sir Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, this is Bob from excitement. How are you?
What is this like a setup job now? We just had one up pervert on a year now. We got another one now come on
I'm not a pervert. Yeah, it's a setup
No, you know what I just got these clippings from the newspapers as the high court up holes the band
On racy shows during the day. Yeah, did you hear about that? It's the way it's not a racy shows
It's just there's nothing new. It's the same thing that they came out with nine years ago
Well, who decides if it's racy or not? That's what I'd like to know
Only the Republicans figure that out. Okay, unbelievable
The word police figure that out maybe if you say penis on the air that's uh, no, it's not racing
That's not racing. All depends if it's circumcised or not. No
So so what are we gonna have inspections now? Yes
And you know what else? They're still trying to do away with adult entertainment down in date county
So can I tell you something you guys think that you're gonna use me yeah, you're really crack me up. Okay
You know, yes you do you think you're gonna use me to fight city hall here the people don't care
Don't you understand the people don't care and the people who frequent those establishments are gonna be the last ones to speak out
Because they don't want their name associated like in public that anybody would go into one of those places
Even though everybody does okay
Well, we're in the bottom line. We hope that we catch them on a good day and they'll realize that they're right to be in somewhere
They don't they don't they're just a bunch of cowards. Okay, that's right
Well, that's why they let a bunch of right-wing Julio's dictate what's going on here in date county and all over South Florida
And that's why it's so backward and that's why if you haven't noticed lately, we don't got no tourists here
Yeah, and you know when they'll miss it. Yeah, well, so so what do you want me to do? I'm gonna be them over the head
Yes, you're not no, I'm not
See you're trying to use me forget it get out of here. Go away
We're having a party here today for Jimmy Johnson and everybody's got their clothes on and now we get two calls and roll two setup deals here
They're trying to muscle in on the show call the sex bitch there at night. That's her job. Although of course you wouldn't be caught dead in the place like that
The uptight sex bitch
Even Stevie Wonder was never so uptight
Two open lines on the green lines where the calls from there today
I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimler. That's how bad. I wouldn't wish him on lardass limbaugh
1-800-944 you folks are weak. We're having a party in Dayton, Broward and you people are a bunch of party poopers, okay
Talking about a lot of Drek. Let's get with it here
Jimmy's gonna sign this afternoon. It's official. We got a real football coach
We got some dolphin fans including me including Rick Riley including probably a lot of you who aren't even calling and tell us about it
coming back into the fold
So we can go out there with little real enthusiasm instead of faking it and even those sex guys that just called they know there's nothing worse than faking it
It's 1113 at WIOD
Any better than Neil Rogers that is great radio
All right
Budweiser be you're so crappy it makes even algae covered frogs sick
1116 at WIOD I'm waiting on those green lines. I'm still waiting for a little enthusiasm from Palm Beach
And they don't know about these things we got to give away here either
1-800-944
They are the worst you know I keep talking myself out of that because you know you're desperate
But not for them you guys suck
Here's Miami Beach hello
Hey good morning, Neil for a matter of fact from now I'm starting this season all sporting events in Dayton, Brad
We're gonna be checking drivers licenses if you have a Palm Beach address
We're gonna make it turn around and go back where you came from right
Anyway, yes sir
Miami Beach yes, okay first time caller here. Okay. Excuse me for like catching off guard there, but I have to say that
Okay, I like your ads for the most part fastards up there. Yeah, well fifth fifth generation Miami in
Yes, I'm not the Julio off and I'm hi alia, but I did grow up there, man. Yeah
I just wanted to let you know I am a closet dolphin football fan. I don't show my emotion
Outwardly for the team, but I do why not them
Probably you were pretty embarrassed up until now. Yeah, pretty much so I do go to games every now and then I'm not a season ticket holder
But one thing I do would like to comment on the state county crowd
You've got all these Julios here that think it's more important to go to the three Kings parade when the dolphins are in some type of
Conference playoff at the orange ball
This is this was years ago. Yeah, and that was one of the games I went to
Uh
Stands were empty really so this I can't remember what game that oh my god, but all the Julios they have you expect the dog
Complete with the three Kings parade. What are you?
Munchracy?
Yeah, that's what that was the big thing back then
They had to go to the three Kings parade and you one had a chicken to slaughter to the god jungle afterwards
So I they that that was more important and going to the dolphins playoff
but
I just wanted to let you know I am a closet dolphin fan and what are you giving away?
Yeah, yeah, many more of those really cute movies from yesterday that I did
We're giving away this
Good luck to pal. Not here
He's in the closet. You can be sure that opalion and date seven five one
Yeah, bring your own chicken all you Julios when it come to the dolphin games this year bring your own chicken
You know how we throw the rubber rats at the Panther games when a Panther score a goal when the dolphins a score a touchdown
This year, which we hope will be a lot you're gonna throw a rubber chicken
And if you come from Haleo probably throw a live chicken
But sliced ahead first, you know what I'm saying
Here's the lady in deer field beach hello. Hello. Yes. Hi Neil. Long time listener first caller great. How are you?
I'm great. I have been sensational. I had to call and say that I definitely think you may
Johnson's the greatest thing that could happen to the dolphin. Oh
Finally, we got some enthusiasm leave it to a woman to be enthusiastic all these guys sound brain dead out there
They should be having a party. They're not real football fans. I don't know what their story is they're much of sour pushes
On me. I also wanted to ask you a favor. Can you play that song?
Because I really can't tell that song well the dolphin song
What song the song about the dolphins the real one?
Yeah, well the one you played it once yesterday the
Only reason I'm saying this as I really I don't know what song you're talking about
Well, the reason I hope that Jimmy Johnson can make a difference if nothing else. I hope he cleans up Brian's mouth
Yeah
I'm not
And it's tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man it's distracible cuz Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Take my
Words of love they toss in the microphone the dump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying
But they play football badly
I don't say that
Well
Well, they make it to the Super Bowl
But with an attitude as bad as there
Tossing our hopes down the stair
Oh
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distracible cuz Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
So
Yes, they're saying
They're saying
Like my
All right, did you uh
Use talking entertainment radio
610
W I O D
National Dairy Board remind you that July is National ice cream month a time when you scream ice cream
We all scream for ice cream. Welcome to basketball robins. What can I get you
Waffle or cake one scoop or two sprinkles
Here you go
I hate this job the National Dairy Board reminds you that nothing soons a sore throat faster than smooth delicious ice cream
So go ahead scream for all the ice cream you want real loud
Yes
No
Yes
No, 1124 at W I O D
We got two open lines that just crept out andbroward because they just couldn't keep it up there long
Isn't that said this is a day of celebration
This is a day of parting in this town and they don't even know if we got to get bulletin boards out there and is sleepy as
Hickton of ours five two four W I O D andbroward
We ain't given nothing away except the words of happiness today, right
Right no plantation on a purple line. Hello any idea great
another
Jewish porno
is
Ron Jeremy yeah, he's born in Israel. Oh, we know that. Oh, I don't know anybody that here that Harry would have to be the Jewish or Greek
Yeah, but
ESC is and grotesque I'm going on my way to the yarn to the
Gerard to get my tickets go Jeremy in fact there's
around the inner circles of the porno world
I always said that Harry reams in the Ron Jeremy blows
True each other there you go. Yeah, have a nice life
Okay, there's a guy who's on his way to San Jose right now to get his season tickets for next year
That's the people I want to hear from come on. Let's come out wherever you are
Are you that stupid that you're going to sit back and wait? Oh, well he kept this uh Gary Stevens or we did this
Yeah, come on you're just waiting for an excuse. You're not fooling me
All this alleged enthusiasm and I took all this abuse for last year and a half because I jumped off the bandwagon with great enthusiasm and for very very legitimate reasons by the way
And now all of a sudden when you wait to see their tremendous enthusiasm where the hell is it? It doesn't exist
They're dead of the Nagat damn doornail
Open line and Broward five two four nine four six three
Here the most enthusiastic person we had so far was that woman I called a couple of calls ago
She's the only one that's all excited about Jimmy and I think she's awaiting for him the show up in a vet
Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay good. I can't get into football yet
Because I think the brain stem has made me brain dead as far as the dolphins go and okay
There we go nobody excited about this because we got all these months to wait now for for that's right
We got to wait till August and okay. I got to wait till at least after the panthers and you win the cup
Yeah, right. Let me ask you a question. Why are they sitting out the war I can do and share
You have to ask Doug McLean that I mean do you see any reason for no, I don't I don't either especially last night was I kept hearing
People crying. I don't want to mention my friend Rimmer and Denise there last night about how we have this tremendous shortage of forwards
And in the meantime, we're playing Paul laws on forward who got a goal last night by the way
But we keep hearing about how they have to keep doing these short shifts because we're sure on the forwards
And in the meantime, well these guys are sitting on a bench and they're and they're pulling why are they pulling up these guys from the miners to take their place like why if it's not
And how come Harkin said on a bench almost the entire game last night when they did yank him up
I don't I don't get it and they put them in in the last couple minutes
But I don't want to start second guessing Doug McLean
I do a great job, and I'm not going to pull a knees
I'm gonna start second guessing the coach because I'm so much smarter than everybody else like Denise's you know
Denise is so smart. He would be managing or doing something somewhere instead of sitting there talking about
Wooster Mass. Are they sure talks enough about it? Oh God, you know, I watched the I watched a great team the other day play the Rochester Nighthawks
The what the world look cross league. Oh great
And it's good. It's like hockey on the out of here. You didn't you never watch it? No, I have not
For about two seconds on ESPN when they got to fill up some time. That's where I watched it. Oh get out of here
I was Rochester and it was yeah, I was like hockey, you know, they score a lot. Yeah, whatever you say
I'm by the way Corey Hurts. I don't know anybody in Rochester who scored a lot
Corey Hurts is Jewish. Would you believe it? No. Yeah, is he sounds like it? Yeah, maybe he's kind of sunny
Hersh. Maybe crazy legs. Elroy. Maybe he is kind of sunny. Am I D? All right. Okay pal. Thanks for good news. Corey
Hurts another Jew. All right. We're gonna have it all Jewish hockey team. How do you like that?
Huh? That's what we're gonna have. We have two open lines in date. Your enthusiasm is just contagious. That's why there isn't any
Look at this. It's right back to the same old two open lines in date and one and brown
Jimmy Johnson will be announced at four there have an oppressed conferences afternoon. This is what all of you people wanted
All of you people that brow beat me for a year and a half come on you gotta be a fan you gotta come back into the fold
And here we are ready to rock and roll to buy season tickets to get all enthused and excited
And it's the same same dead
non-response that I'm used to for 20 goddamn years the first week that I came here on WKAT in March of 1976
In some old 400-year-old fossil calls me. Ah, you'll never last a month in his town pal
Well, here we are almost 20 years later and I'm still here and God only knows why
God only knows why I'm still in this God forsaken place because the enthusiasm level if anything
It's less than it was 20 years does anybody know why no I don't
They get something they can be excited about something they can sink their teeth into like Jimmy's here
Whatever it might be do they get excited no damn right. They don't
It's about time he got something right you little a hunchback geek
Here's Hollywood hello. Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir, hey, I'm fired up man. All right, let me tell you Jimmy Johnson is a defensive line coach
Okay, that's what this since
Stand where and they're powerful with a guy that had the most tax for the dolphins
We haven't had anybody that knows defensive line play man. There you go
And this guy put together Jim Jeff coat he put together um
Charles Haley. I mean that defensive line for Dallas. He put that together and that's what he's bringing here
Yeah, and that's that's the greatest thing of the whole thing man is that we're gonna have a defense all right
We haven't defense in years here
Tom Oliver Donne can pack himself a salami sandwich and get out of here because he's history
Tom out of a job. He's what he is right. Hey man, you know what?
He's right that crap's got to go is what he said all we didn't say crap something that kind of sounds like crap
But hey the word police get very upset when you say crap on the air so I don't say it again pal
But you're right on target. We finally took me an hour and a half to get one guy
We got one woman and one guy and an hour and a half that are really fired up and enthusiastic because Jimmy Johnson's coming
See they don't know what they want they talk a lot these people they take all these pulls
Oh, yeah, we all want this and they've been hockin a china just to fill up time on a sports shows for the last six months
That's all it's been
But as far as real emotion real passion how long have I been telling you this is a city without passion
Like Gene Pintney would say the town without pity the town that is a pity
And I come in here all fired up this morning. I'm watching a press conference his last night
My leafs kick ass against the kings come from behind three times. They kick some serious ass
Here's Andrew Chuck at the point. Hey shoots and scores and Leafs win the game five to four
And Matt sendine sticks in a beautiful a lovely little
Goldair as Harry Neal would say and the Panthers even though they did blow the lead
They still get a point on the road which ain't too bad against the top team Colorado
But these people don't give a crap because we got a drunken lady up there in Palm Beach who's worried about H.R.S. and
SDS
FDS
Here's Kendall hello
Why is IOD only five thousand watch?
Why are you using that 40 voice?
Put his rod scene job from 97
Okay, that's good. Okay. Well blow it out your ash, Ron
We have an open line at day 7519463 751
W IOD I don't think we're only five thousand watts. Are we 10,000 watts during the daytime? I think that's what I thought
I think we're 10,000 watts. Are we no oh not since he left
Here's the lady in bokeh. Hello. Yes, hi Neil. How are you today? I'm doing great. Are you firing up about anything?
Are you enthusiastic? I am more than enthusiastic
I'm looking on clouds. In fact, I went to my doctor from my yearly physical today
Yeah, and he's a big dolphin fan. He's excited. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I went to public excuse me public afterwards
That's all anybody was talking about is thank God
Not on this show not on this show. I bring it up first thing right out of the box this morning
Let's have a party. Let's celebrate. Let's hear all your enthusiasm
Let's hear from all the really hopeful excited people and it's the same tired D and see they always blame that on me
I'm supposed to be the guy that's so negative. I'm depressing. Uh, you know
I look I'm desperate to find something to be positive about here when you find it
They don't give a flying crap this audience
But these are probably the people who did it home and criticize the dolphins that don't buy the tickets
Marley had good reason the last two years
Yeah, but now they got no reason that see that's the problem. They have no more excuses left
They're probably spending their time now looking for a new excuse
Well, I just hope that the people that are going out because I've been a season ticket holder for seven years
And I've spoken to you before and I just hope the people that are buying them today or in the near future
Because if they don't get to the Super Bowl next year all the sudden it's gonna be oh yeah, you know
You know there's that there's that element. They're gonna
Expect it overnight 17 and all again and all that crap
But those people are more runs and they know nothing about the game
And believe me the people that have had the season tickets around has been there as long as we have and they all for the last two years
Have been saying
Shula's got to go and J.J.'s got to be in right, you know, so where the hell are they now? Where are they probably out partying?
I know that the make-believe sports station. They're talking about the heat. They're talking about Joe Rose's teeth
They're talking about everything but what the hell is wrong with these people? I don't know for crying out loud
I know and one other thing I want to talk to you about
We're both guiding light fans. Yes, and I was I'm really disappointed
Oh, at this critical critical stage of the story
We got a different a make-believe actor in here. Exactly. What is it deal with that? That's why they're going off the ear that show because the
the producers and the
Whoever the hell of people are putting that show together a bunch of morons
I mean the this guy's been on for they've been carrying this story for a year right and now all the sudden last week when it's the most critical
They get this other actor who doesn't even compare to the other no not at all
And they gave no explanation. They just said, you know, this part is now being today is being played
Maybe he's sick. I mean, I don't know of course, but it's very important
They couldn't postpone it after you wait for 52 weeks
We couldn't await another week or two tell us got over his flu or whatever his story is exactly what tell us wrong with them
I don't know my god very disappointed with that. Oh tragic and they even went a bad face mask now
Doesn't even look the same because he's got a new he's got a schnauz it's like six times the size of the other guy
I know. Oh my god and poor Lucy she's running around up there in circles on at
Watchtower. I mean the at the at the other Brent as a woman was ugly, but this guy he would have never even passed as a woman
Like the other one did well saying he was very ugly, but at least if it's 52 weeks in a row
I'm sitting there screaming at my TV this Mary and can't you people don't you have two eyes?
Can't you see that's not a woman? I know can't you smell it?
I know my god
And they built us up to this gigantic climax and now we got a ringer in there
I know he's awful and they couldn't even a Christmas time bring back Mike Bauer
What the hell is wrong with these people? Yeah, I never however year they used to bring back some of the old people at Christmas time
Not this year what they did was show us a few cheap cheesy
You know flashbacks with pop a bow or in build drunken build bow or in bird hopping around around around at one leg
I mean what the hell was that in fact? I just went into paper and I didn't realize that Henry passed away
Henry Chamberlain. Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah, Henry. They're gonna write it into the storyline. He died. Yeah
I hate to tell you where I read it. It's one of those tabloids
I could read that he's a little hairy Chamberlain died next. It'll be old hb Lewis. Yeah, that's right. Oh
Yeah, he's been around a long time. Well, get it on I say get that show off all it's still we still have some good memories
Yeah, well they did have a good storyline, but my opinion they blew it when they got this other actor in absolutely
Correct. They'd be and I mean they have her jewelry with
Everything a long time for them to figure out who that is isn't it?
She's probably just lying on a table somewhere riding away until they figure out who that is
I know
I'll tell you if I wanted to really sharp detective on some case
Frankie's the guy had have right on top of it. Oh, well of course. What a long kid
Yeah, and soap operas you become a doctor overnight you become the best police officer overnight
You know that's the world of soap operas once they kick Philip and Beth off the show that was the end of it
Yeah, absolutely okay, I'm not that crazy about the new hour of Xandry either
Bring back the old one. She was a real shrier. She was a hell razor
So now I just I have to change something instead of it being Neil God
It's got to be Neil and JJ God all right. All right. See you. Okay. Bye-bye
Open line on the green line of women are more enthusiastic than you guys out there
What's the matter you're not getting any is that what the problem is huh?
Can't get it up your enthusiasm or what
Open line on the green line 18944 Jimmy's coming Jimmy's coming and everybody in town is excited aren't we? No? Yes, we are
God damn it you party poover. No, yes
Come on say yes. No say yes. No prick
It's 1137 at W. I. O. D. Another some people call him JJ
Defoe causing the jimmer
Most people would like to call him
Coach
Watches underway on the home of the dolphins news talk an entertainment radio
610 W I. O. D
No, okay, no you're a bastard. No
America's favorite black private dick returns, but this time he's fighting crime 90s style Richard Roundtree is shaft in cyberspace
Who's the cat that won't lock out when this syntax all about
Shab
Click on they say the chefs of bad mother. Let's go now. I'm just putting up shab and he can
Yes, he's right on and online it's shaft in cyberspace downloading soon at a PC near you
Okay, it's 1141 at W. I. Do you don't forget about our trip to Vegas April 18 through 21st
It's getting closer. We're starting to count the weeks and the days etc
We're going to be staying three nights at the new tower deluxe rooms at the MGM grand the finest the best the greatest on the strip bar none
And we're going to go like on a real airline american airlines leaving from for lauderdale or Miami whichever you prefer
Leaving 930 on Thursday morning April 18 and getting the Vegas said one stopping in Dallas
And of course then we all both groups from lauderdale and Miami get on the same plane go to Vegas getting their one o'clock on Thursday
The 18th then we come back Sunday the 21st leaving Vegas 1 p.m. Getting back to lauderdale and or Miami at 10 p.m
So that's the deal call up rocky at regal travel
We need a hundred fifty dollar deposit per person by January 15
We need to balance by February 15th
So you've only got like four more days in other words through the weekend to call rocky and get on the thing now
And the do it today if you've been talking to her if you've been planning about going and April the middle of April will be perfect
For those who don't like it too hot like 110 like it is in july when we usually went
This is going to be like heaven like in the 80s and the sunny and at beautiful Vegas
It's going to be great so call rocky at regal traveling get on board with our Vegas trip in databroward call 445
7740
445
7740
From Palm Beach 989 88 88
989 88
Now how was the hang strip? Let's do to that thing fly or what no
Here's the west Palm Beach. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Like to say coach hairsprays coming
Yeah, and I've been a closet hurricane fan now for a couple years a closet hurricane fan
Well, I had to after erics and came in there I had to get in the closet
The fan base looked pretty bad too when you see him out there on the street don't they yeah
but uh and and
And get out of here. You're a jackass hurricane fan. Here's a pember pine. Hello
Oh, Neil yes
Neil everything come out okay everything came out fine. Good. How are you great?
Listen, uh, I just wanted to comment on the dance shula jj thing there. Yes. I was starting to see John don go
Was a sad day, but it would have been sad next year or the year after it and had to come yeah bring on jj
Bring on a superbow. We need to get there. Let's have a parade this weekend. What do you say?
This is reasons for celebrations right people do need to wake up. What is wrong with these people for we finally get a little
Ray applied a little bit of sunshine in this otherwise godforsaken
Is place
See you there pal
Open line and Broward 5249463 I said enthusiastic not psychotic all a hey who is better than everybody else
Little bit of enthusiasm please
How about it? No
Here's coral gables purple line hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, yeah
I want to make a comment about the Jimmy Johnson thing here finally. Oh, yes. Let me tell you something
I haven't been able to enjoy a beer for the last year because of the because of the shula you know every time I can
Everybody's been crying in their beer. Oh man. It's getting too salty every time it's like you know
I start watching I drink two or three beers. I can't finish my food. You know
Maybe I can enjoy the damn game. I'm originally from Boston. I am a hockey fan. All right
And you know, I came down here saying oh damn, you know, I can't be a patriot. At least I can be a dolphin fan. What a disappointment man
You'll see Derek Sanderson behind that that stick it out in front the Bobby or there it is and air goes that crazy Dan Kelly again, you know
The Bruins win a Stanley Cup, but that's a lifetime ago too, sir
I'm gonna tell you Steve Casper's got to go if you're a Bruins fan Casper's got to go get rid of that guy's a twit
Don Cherry says he's a twit
And he's got the panties down here. I'm very enthusiastic about them. Yeah, it's easy to give up the Bruins right now
They don't they don't make them leave though, you know, I mean
Um, I got a good question. Um, does everybody actually know why shula doesn't like Jimmy Johnson? Uh, no
up because uh, let me ask you this. Does the word jealousy come into play? Well that and you know his son did coach under Jimmy Johnson in Dallas
Yeah, and um that was a little while ago
Jimmy Johnson called shula to tell him that he was gonna get rid of his son and shula was very upset about it
This is in the newspaper maybe a year and a half maybe two years ago. Mm-hmm
Apparently it's down like what you saw we said, you know
No one likes to hear the truth and apparently shula didn't want to hear it and of course as soon as
Jimmy went to Fox after he and Jerry Jones had a big falling out in Dallas
And even at that point the rumors started surfacing about Jimmy's coming and at that point shula became he reached the point
Where he hated him because he saw Jimmy's ghost hovering over his ass every single moment of every day of his life
Oh, yeah, I get you know
Well, if I looked your show uh, um, first time caller great driver
I listen to all the time thank God for Jimmy Johnson and thank God I can actually enjoy some damn good beer again
All right
See you there. Bye. Look for me right there on a 50 yard line with that big fat guy next to me up there
We have an open line on the purple line, which is now the AT in T wireless and mobile one cellular line
Which means anybody that's got a cell phone can call and we pay for it anybody and everybody no matter what you got
How do you like that no matter how big it is
Or small here's Miami Beach hello hey, yes, sir man. I'm pumped up all right
Finally, we're gonna have some excitement
But to a couple games a year, but I'm gonna go to a lot more games because it's exciting something new you know
It's gonna be exciting. You know, it's gonna not gonna be some of the same old two yards in a cloud of dust really
Let me ask your question off the subject to if you ever heard of a baseball player by the name of Bob Turley
No, of course. I did 1956 Yankees 55
He was on the same team with Don Larson and the Bob Grimm and those guys. I was a big Yankee fan in those days as a kid
Now the reason I ever heard a bullet Bob Turley who started with the Baltimore Orioles by the way and then was traded to the Yankees
Yeah, the reason I asked I was the rest of that pitching staff whitey Ford and Johnny Cux
Right, yeah, I don't know because Jim Coates Jim Coates he left me some stuff of his
Yeah, it's it worked anything. Are you better believe it? I've peddler right now
I used to work for him and he just kind of took a liking to me and he left me like I got some baseball uniform
Well, what kind of work was it if we said on the air? Oh, he was the insurance business. Yeah. Yeah
What did he leave you pardon me he left you his balls? I got some
Yeah, a lot of baseballs a uniform gloves some pictures
Well, he left it with you like intentionally or like you gave it to me. Well, it's worth some stuff
But you know it's worth some cash man. Where would I sell that at you find a collectibles place? Yeah
Talk to one of them and then either that or put an ad in a collectibles
magazine or something because you probably get ripped off by the collectibles people
But he was pretty good in his family. He was outstanding. He had a tremendous fastball bullet bob
Totally cool. That's right. He was fantastic. Great. Okay. I enjoy your show nice talking to you back to you
So yeah bullet bob what number 19 my right is my memory right or what whitey Ford was 16. He was 19. What number was Don Larson
18
Come on one number was Don Larson
I can see him now and at perfect game against Sal Magley in the Brooklyn Dodgers
1956 World Series. I can see it right now Dale Mitchell is pinch hitting in the bottom of the ninth the count is one ball and two strikes
And it's called strike three. I know hit a perfect game for Don Larson. I can see it now
Well, he wear number 18 or what not that it's important. Trolley was 19. I know that I care. I bet my life on that
Little wild there a little a control problem is most left-handers head
No, tell me Bob filler was the left-hander anymore. I finally got that straightened out
Herb scroll was the left-hander Cleveland Indians big cigar announcer now make believe a jocke announcer
Bob Trolley bullet bob now we're talking
Here's plantation hello, I'm come out. Yes, sir. Wonderful day
Don truly drives a Ford and the Jim or drives a Corvette what is there need to say what does that tell you I rest my case
I see you now now what we got to do is get rid of
Dolphin Denny. Yes, and the picture. Oh, this is this is the best call of the day so far
We that's to make the switch complete dolphin Denny must go
Somebody who knows up Jimmy knows Jimmy call him up right now and tell him part of the deal with Wayne
It must be in the contract is Dolphin Denny must go immediately if not sooner
Neil you may not like this question long time. I don't like it long time with some or big fan of yours and
But down the street from you
The laughing Larry King call man called in came to your defense saying he was your dad and I know the story and everything
You know what's really your dad. Yes. Well, you know what story what story is there
Why I know you don't talk to him right and that's an ad that was him
But how the hell would Phil Henry know that of course not yeah, I was just curious if it was a cranker food
No, that was all what that was solid surfaces like about once every five years when
Crawls over to the phone. It's a great day. I'm just curious if GJ doesn't go all the way
What's gonna happen and how do people gonna react? Yeah, that'll be interesting
You can probably predict it yourself because you know these people. I don't have fickle. They are very happy to all right
See ya
They're fickle not like me. I stick with my team
Hey listen when you live here long enough it rubs off
But I had good reason I make no apologies for even as bad as the Patriots stunk if should I would have been back next year
I'd have been firmly on that Patriot bandwagon, okay
Drew Blets. Oh God
Bill parse and I got no problem with bill parcels. He's a great coach. I don't care how bad they stunk this year. He's a coach
Fat but still a coach. It's 10 till noon at wio d
Use talk entertainment radio
610 wio
Dallas blows and so does Jimmy Johnson you got that pal
They were a group of unruly inner city students until she walked in
Yes, what we're getting a new teacher. Yeah, it's probably an ugly old excuse me. Could I borrow your slide ruler?
This summer Michelle Fyfe will be nurturing dirty minds
Three times 23 equals
69 yes, you know
Math 30
Who wants to bang my eraser
After this class everybody needs a smoke in the boys room
Michelle Fyfe stars and dirty minds coming soon
Lisa horny 1154 at wio d we got an open line and broward like a big hole like a canyon there like a crater in Wayne's push
5249 463 we're pretty happy with Wayne O. These days after this
Baudzini business. No
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Lady in Miami is gone isn't that nice
See what I mean about these women at colin
I would say like 99% of the women I call in which is only about six anyway
If you don't get to them right away, they're gone
Because they have more important things than me which quite frankly I can't imagine too many things in this town more important than me bitch
Open line and date with that bitch just hung up 751
Here's the West Palm Beach hello
Neil yes sir
I'm happy about Jimmy becoming in can't hear you though your whispering
Jimmy how I'm happy about Jimmy coming in but I got a problem with it. What's the problem?
I think that's gonna mean Bobbi to the Panthers
Don't you what is one thing have to do with the other I think it's a smoke screen
I think you can be able to use this smoke screen. You people won't care as much wrong
Okay wrong you'll care but I care a lot
Okay, did you see a game last night? Of course with my cough to him in front of that. Well that all about
He's spirit a guy and he got kicked out of the game for sparing that's right. Why wouldn't he replay? Why can we see what went up to that?
They don't they don't replay penalties
They don't know they don't
I
You sure about that I am so positive I bet you 80 million dollars against the nickel. They don't replay penalties
I know the cover the camera guy sucks to that he can't cover the pocket they need to right
But I thought I thought I've seen a replay with penalties before huh?
I thought I've seen a place replay with penalties before no they have not they don't replay penalties
Reason for
And it's just a rule you do you can't you can only have replaced for certain things and penalties is not one of them
That's a judgment thing no, I'm not saying why couldn't we watch the replay out? Oh, you mean why do they show the replay as well
Again, why don't they show a lot of replays? You're a ask a ask Jeff Reemer when he gets back here ask the rim man
Well, he doesn't have any control that well. He better start getting some control. I'll tell you that
I'm a little bit
So lost in game last game went but the penalty had nothing to do with the outcome of the game because they killed off the
You're right. You're right, but I told you let down a third period like you said earlier
So what was that about that's called crappy defense? That's called folding up like an accordion
So it's called the bazaar lit in a greasy gold attire the game
80 low. How we got down to that he's no these arm. I know
But still you can't let a rapper on a greasy girl like that when you're going the wrong way you can't let that in there
And by the way, I've been telling everybody about Patrick one how he stinks the joint out
And if they saw that game last night, they know that I'm right
Yeah, right. They came to have been like two to one. He stinks the joint out man. Colorado got a dead frog with that deal
The set is gotta be just smoking to not a bento. Yeah, well he'll be in there soon believe me
What
You think what do you feel about the pantheon?
I'd say a chance is our 99 to one against
I hope I'm wrong, but don't look too good. Yeah, I'll see you next week game. Okay. See you
Tuesday night we got the home game finally. Gee, it's a long drive because of that stinkin circus and all that elephant crap
They're dumping all over the place in that arena
Man, can you imagine the job that they must have to clean that thing out after the circus leaves town? Oh, we'd much rather have the circus
It's such a wonderful atmosphere to take the children right
Take your circus and jam it
With your symphony orchestra too. Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello. Dale. Yes. Hey dumb buddy. Okay. One of your chronic. Yes, sir
Did you say Jimmy was coming? Jimmy's coming. He's not even breathing hard. I don't think so. Squared, Squared
Listen, I hope that if he doesn't come and Wayne was smiling about it, so what does that say?
Yeah, he had the lightest teeth. I've ever come across
Um, I hope that if he does come down here that we don't ruin him like we do all the other good players that we pick up
All the good players. Is he gonna be playing or coaching? Well, well, we pick up a good player from another team
They he comes up here as a dolphin
Like Eric Green by the way, how come nobody mentioned what a great game key traction had for green Bay last week
I noticed nobody mentioned that that he had some tremendous very pivotal catches in the green Bay win in the playoffs last
Nobody mentions that. Yeah, and when he was with us last year
Right, you know, I don't I think you'll find a different story with Jimmy
When you get your new phone, I think you'll find it a lot less windy too
We have an open line. Maybe you had the phone jammed up the wind tunnel
Maybe that might have been it sounded awfully. I mean you're a good guy. I think but your phone blows
Open line and Broward 5249 463 here's Miami, Buenos Satuya. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? How about them? Doll fan? Yeah
Jimmy joss in the best thing since the 71 72 season since hollava. Hey, how about 72 3 that sounds better to me
Yes, 70 72 super bow 73 super bow. Yeah, oh, super bow. Yeah, everyone 72 season right we in there
I'll tell you it's not gonna happen overnight, but uh, for pay yourself. You going back. No. Yes. Huh? We're going? No. Yes. Oh, yeah. No. Yeah. No
All right go down. Okay. All right
Open
Open line and date. No. Yes, there is no
75194. No, he's right like he said. No, there's not
Okay, we don't have time this sir. We'll just just hang loose on here
You're not going anywhere. It's kind of deadly. I noticed there was no traffic coming to work this morning kind of like a holiday
Maybe that's what's going on
Maybe people are parting in their pants today because I'm coming to work today. It was like a goddamn official holiday
I have never ever never ever seen so little traffic on a non holiday non weekend day
Did you see any traffic? Oh?
You did or you didn't no, but you're not speaking now or what? I'm not to speak of
I'm serious. There was like 75 was the grant me or just the nobody nowhere. Of course till you get to 79
That's always jammed up with geeks
But I mean, so it's a holiday excuse me for not understanding for not being a quick on the draw
We hope you're enjoying your party and getting the good weed and doing the good stuff and the clean out those drugs and South Beach by the way
No talk is cheap and man do we like it?
W I O D. Miami Ford Lutterdale use talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Go Jimmy. It's your football team. Good afternoon at 12 o'clock. This is Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio
W I O D brought to you by AT&T wireless
former Dallas Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson hanging up his apron and coming out behind the bar
To head the Miami Dolphins W I O D sports director Jeff de Forest reports on the hiring of KJ
Jimmy's job hunt came to an abrupt end yesterday as Johnson got the job he had targeted for himself
Ever since leaving the Dallas Cowboys after a tiff with owner Jerry Jones
He began a relationship with Wayne Heisinga yesterday as the two hammered out a contract that will make Johnson the Finns third head coach in their history
Johnson arrived at training camp early today
Eight in the morning rolling up his sleeves and beginning his tenure as the Finns head coach
Wayne Heisinga has already departed the Davey training camp meaning that a contract in all likelihood has already been signed
The formal announcement should make it official today between four and four thirty this afternoon
That didn't sound too enthusiastic. No, I tried again. Are you excited and enthused about Jimmy Johnson coming or what? Oh, yeah
Work on it
All right
Oh, I'm real excited
Yeah, I can tell partly cloudy highs 71 to 76 no mention about if he brings Brad Pitt with him or Eric Lindross
Or both yeah, all right sure tight ends 69 degrees next news update one o'clock
bulletins at once. I'm Jennifer Ram news talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D
Present Sean Connery and Richard Geer in a thrilling new version of the legend of Camelot
There's a noble night outside. He wishes to join the round table King Arthur. Show him in
Hi, your majesty. I'm Sir Lancelot that you can call me land
Greetings Lance for the place is mine. It's the legendary story of King Arthur and his favorite night Lancelot
As only Richard Geer could play him so how do you get to be king anyway?
It was said that whoever could remove the sword Excalibur from the stone in which it was buried was the true king of England and you removed it?
I did. Hmm. I've got something like that going really whoever so shall remove a certain
Gerbil from my butt. Yes gets to replace it with something else
Sean Connery Richard Geer and Freddie the hairless gerbil star in fist night. Actually my name's not really Lance the lot
Then why do they call you Lancelot mostly because I get Lance the lot fist night coming soon to with the engineer
No, no six at W I O D and let's go to West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. What is this with Eddie Bell for?
He sucks. Why is he starting for the world? Because the fans voted don't you understand the Chicago fans?
The stuff the ballot box either that or he's just his name. Now Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles were voting too
Well, he's having a horrible year. He's not even a starter Jeff Hackett's starting Goli now Bell for his thanks to join out
He's a second string gold tender Eddie the hummingbird for a lousy team on top of that well their mediocre at best. I hate them
Now and what is this on another note with the all star voting by the way the Leafs are back in second place. Oh
Yes, why was Ron Francis not picked up until the end?
The guy is the second leading squad
What do you mean picked up until the end? He was named as the Gary Betman the senior old timer or whatever that's why
Well, it just seems to me like he should have been well. He wasn't over over Mario. Well, not over met
Oh, that's right. They only picked the first guy don't they right? Well who picks the rest the coaches? The coaches picked the rest
Well shouldn't the and then there's one old timer picked by Gary Betman for like each conference
Ron Francis and Mike Gartner Mike Gartner at Leafs had another big goal last night. Oh, a beautiful play at a boy Mike
Yeah, okay, so that's not actually
It's a hot guy. It's a it's a popularity contest. Right garbage. Well, I mean he doesn't even play in the same line as Mario
I mean
I like except on the power and no one no one no one falls any of those guys anymore. Hey, what do you think the chancellor?
Why do you say that?
Why do you say that? Mario has people on his ass the entire game. They're all over him
Well, I know but they don't you're just parroting what you heard somebody say who didn't know what he was talking about
Mario gritskies the guy that nobody dares to touch. He's the untouchable one because I think they're afraid the smell is gonna rub off
Well, I mean they don't see no
They're only averaging like two power plays a game for the last month the penguins are no one's no one's found any of those guys
Because they know how deadly that power play is and and what do you think the chances are that one being the best one ever
Of what one the penguins powerfully now
It's I don't know how you compare it with other it's very hard to do, but it's certainly the best in league
It's it's awesome. It's incredible to watch. Okay, and and go Jimmy. That's great. Okay. Oh, see you
We have an open line in the green line what and green land
1-800-944 we could probably get better response on green land
I'll tell you that those back suits they have nothing else to talk about do people actually live there?
Then I love the guy that calls up Phil yesterday to show you how confused the public is this guy calls up when you know
Our Rick it was a Julio so that explains that they're confused. They got like a gender
Confusion thing there so he's talking about all the rest of the station and this and that and well, you know Rick gets to go to all these
Exciting places and the Phil says you mean Neil. Oh, yeah, well, he has been the Amsterdam
They don't have any idea who they're listening to who's saying what they're they're like clueless
They couldn't tell you if you held a gun to their head. No
Here's sunrise. Hello
Hey, Neil. How's it going buddy? Okay, palie. All right, man
I've been down here for a while and I haven't been a big dolphins fan
But I just say man, I'm totally happy now. Yeah, and I want to see my stealers at least you know go to this Super Bowl before the dolphins dominate the whole thing
Yeah, and another thing
Um, I heard you play this thing like a spoof of macarena
I was wondering if you could play that again. It's called melanoma
Melanoma is a spoof of mech green no macarena, you know that stupid I saw
When you go and say this is spoof of mech green. Did you hear that jurors? Yeah, I know what you're talking about even. I'm not that stupid
Yeah, although terrible. It's a total Miami thing, but you know, yeah
Okay
All right, man. All right, the dead head you're backing you man for sure. All right, get out of here more
We have an open line in Broward 524 bad bad routine air. Okay, call up Chris Baker. He'll get you gig
And by the way speaking of that guitar man is uh, I'm sorry
So anyway, it's 10th
For guitar man. We tried to do something nice for him and all we did was create a problem
We're trying to do something nice for you guitar man
Our center one total is 130,371 bucks and you can add to it by ordering your best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts by calling center one direct
At 561 0 078 or by stopping into borders books using cafe stores and curl springs and adventurer in Kendall and bokeh for a lot of day
And in Mayfair and the Grove and this Saturday noon to two will be at borders in aventura
Which is 199th and bescaned just south of ives dairy fill will be there
I will be there Rick will be there suds will be there
Uh, George will be there the gods of mishpaha will be there in aventura no less
So you'll be there and let's goose that total up to 150 grand or else
It's 11 what do you say about me green? Oh, she's coming back 11 past noon at w. I would be because she was telling me on the boat the other day
I'm such an idiot
So this is about to make room
Oh
When my 10 may call me melanoma I tend until I'm almost in a coma. No
How I eat my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen sun with me
10 with me hope you don't mind. I'm a little broccoli
Listen until we get melanoma we date like a bun you can sell the aroma our lights are all on but there's nobody more
Hey
Melano
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a go tanning
I get naked and fake bake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist
I in the sun till we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can spell the aroma our lights are all on but there's nobody home
Hey melanoma
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma we bake like a bun you can smell the aroma we got lumps on our skin bigger than the metroidoma
Hey melanoma
We don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona
We're glad we don't have genital condoloma
Hey melanoma
1216 and w.w.w.w. So an iso lady and palm beach semi-disclumping from the palm beach post
I just looked at this it's written by Elliott Kleinberg this story
Who is the son of Howard Kleinberg formerly of the Miami news anybody remember Howard Kleinberg now
Remember Howard? No, come on
Used to be a guest on my show back at osgood old old old days
Well, Elliott's a son needs a good guy
So anyway the story is alleged sins of priest resurface after 25 years and alter boy story begins in the late 1960s in a Boynton beach parish
In 1967 when Kevin Ralph Sidway was an 11-year-old Catholic alter boy
He and at least four other boys from a Boynton beach parish told their parents the Reverend Rocco Charles de Angelo had sexually assaulted them father
Oh, too God
DeAngelo admitted to being a molester in the church when it apparently done nothing when it received a similar reporting year earlier
Send him to a psych psychiatric hospital document show for the next quarter century
Sidway wrestled with his demons attempting suicide at least once his only consolation his faith that the church would make sure as a
Salem never again worked with the parishioners especially children
But during all that time
DeAngelo continued his priestly duties on the Gulf Coast including two stances head of a Tampa area church before retiring in 1993
And it goes on and on it says diocese is still paying for alleged sins
Halle Luia, but another isolated incident father old too
Just one of the millions of stories out there in the Naked City with all those priests, huh? What can I tell you?
Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello
Hi Neil. How are you great? How you doing very excited about
Jimmy Johnson? How come the women are more excited than the guys? I'm a seasoned sick holder. I am
I am thrilled. Thank God and to be honest with you I sit in the wedge by the opponent side and that's where
That stupid guy with that orange hat. What's the thing? It's all fanned. Denny. Yes. He stands there
Believe me. We heckle my sister and I heckle him every game. He could be the world's biggest asshole
Yeah, we tell next to Larry King. He's so drunk. Yeah, I mean it's disgusting
So Jimmy, please get rid of that is often done. Yeah, hey him amen and the third thing
I wanted to let you know because I don't think anybody has told you yet the guy from the guiding light the one
That played the was the man and the woman whatever rent Lawrence. Yeah
It was in the paper yesterday in the herald
It was reported they found him in his dressing room. Yeah, going crazy removing his clothes and
Flipping out
Are you cereal? He had a nervous breakdown. He started removing his clothes and he was naked in his dressing room
Oh my god. What a grotesque thought and now was he marion or Brent at the time?
Who knows? I don't know if he was wearing a bra or you know underwear, but or both
He was he's apparently that's why nobody has said anything
He's apparently some kind of a sanatorium or some psychiatric ward. He's like flipped out. Oh my god
See those soaps will drive you crazy whether you're watching them or in them
Well, you know, he's probably real confused. I would think so he was like three people and he didn't like to be wearing all that heavy pancake makeup over that
Phony Puss. He wasn't sure what the heck he was you know, he was there
So that's why you've been having all these lousy
Actors on there because they can't seem to find anybody. It was like such short notice
Yeah, and I guess he ain't coming back at any time soon. No, I don't think so unless it's in a straight jacket or something like that
Inclable
Anyway, thanks Neil thanks a lot. Hi. See you. See you leave it to our audience. Diffil in the blanks there
How do you like that? But one thing she did point out that's her second call today the most important thing for you to do
Jimmy the first official act
In muskow
Emineals. He's not sooner
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 here's a lady mobile in Wellington. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am that was my article
Well great
But why I thought was interesting I highlighted it for you was that
They talked about some group that catered to people that were used by clergy yeah
90% of the people are
In the group
Yeah, Chicago based link up survivors of clergy sexual abuse as 90% of its victims are Catholic and 90% of those were molested as young boys
Yeah, not that it's not a pistol panel
Right
Catholic
Huh, it's very shocker huh? Yeah, it's really same and like you said this whole concept of celibacy sure makes a lot of sense
Oh, yeah, right right. Well have a good day. And thanks a lot. See you
W-I-O-D
Yeah, who's this me
I got something to say yeah every morning South Florida has brown eyes today
Cute huh
Open line in the Broward 5249463. Well, he should know
Because you know what they say it starts at the top and kind of runs down
Open line on the green line is where it is at 1-800-9449463. It's 1221 at W-I-O-D
There's a place in the Midwest where time-out are traditions and patience
Come together to make some of the world's finest cheese
Amish country cheese and we just had some here the Havarti the Danish Havarti with the Adele and their Swiss and almost no carbs
By the way for you atkins people and delicious all natural Amish country cheeses are made in the Amish regions of the Midwest
You'll taste the old-fashioned goodness in the Colby Longhorn Swiss Havarti
Yallsburg Yallsburg light low sodium Swiss low sodium gouda and Amish country hoop cheese
That's a wedge of old-fashioned mild cheddar dipped in red wax to protect the great flavor lots of great ways to enjoy Amish country
Cheeses like Swiss melted over bacon on toast under the broiler across your hamburger with strips of Colby and cream Havarti for a gourmet taste or a Swiss or
Traditional cheddar burger Amish country's low sodium Swiss could be the best low-salt cheese you've ever popped in your mouth
So look for Amish country cheeses like the Yallsburg and Yallsburg light plus the new variety of 50% reduced fat cheeses
Amish country cheeses you'll find them at your favorite grocery store and if they don't have them
You'll be sure and go in here and jump up and down like rumpel stiltskin and tell them you want them
Stench of palmin or hovers over this performance by the dolphins ladies
Why spend harder money on different feminine hygiene products when all you need is one
That's right. I'll new magic is over
22 feminine hygiene products in one just listen for cramps bloating and 12-hour freshness
For bladder infections stretch marks and vericose veins
For PMS and STDs it's
But wait there's more
Vagimagic is also a furniture polish carpet deodorizer and stain remover
Use Vagimagic on your pets to control ticks and fleas use Vagimagic as a plant food or garden mulch
Use Vagimagic as a tampon or a turtle wax
Vagimagic will even freshen the breath and whiten the teeth of your partner and mom
Just sprinkle some Vagimagic on that dull Monday night be loaf and we guarantee there won't be any leftovers
Oh great Vagimagic mom why if we didn't have court cases pending with the FDA
We could give you literally hundreds of uses for Vagimagic
Vagimagic now available in reusable 28 ounce bottles with our patented nose flip kung fu grip applicator handle
Vagimagic makes a great stocking stuffer and it's now legal in 38 states at fine pharmacies convenient stores and auto body shops everywhere
Vagimagic it's stuff like pen and teller in my pants
Vagimagic it works like magic
1225 at WIOD open line on a green line 1-800
Bokeh don't give a crap about Jimmy Johnson or Don Schuller or the dolphins who are about the future of this community
Or about the one little grove bright spot in our lives. They don't care
They got nothing to say up there and when they do call it's
Kakka except for that nice lady by the way sent me the article and i'm sitting here reading the rest of it now
It's a very very very very very very very length the
scandals cost millions shatter confidence
But the publicity is also led to at least some false accusations against priests like one out of a thousand
And it goes on and on well what can i tell
Just isolated incidents, you know, it's just all those anti-catlics out there spreading nasty stories
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Yes, ma'am
I want to ask you some questions and then i'll hang up and listen to your answers
How does when when players are let go and like coach you love or his assistant
How does that finance work is?
Uh are they
Does he have to pay money to them of course they have to pay him off for whatever their contract is they pay him off
They give me checking and uh salami sandwiches and they say goodbye and don't eat too fast
Yeah, well that that's for the players too right right
And
I coach you now now it's such big business that you can't even keep track of it unless you regard them country lawyer because
They got restricted free agents and unrestricted free agents and they got it's just it's too complex who the hell knows
Yeah, well, I don't know I was just curious and and i'm glad to see the change and i wish coach
um
Good health and happiness. He earned it and low
I said absolutely correct and uh i enjoy your show and thank you very much and thank you
low
We have an open line in day 751 one on the green line 1-800 yahu
1-800-9-4-49-463 the next call from Boka Raton could be the greatest call in history mankind mark my words
You just keep your eye on airline eight George watch it you just wait. I'm telling you i can feel it. I can smell it
Here's Miami Beach hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. We're happy that Jimmy Johnson is here and now that we have Don Schooler's retirement
The only thing we need to do left is for your retirement. Oh, yeah
Yes, and in your reduce back. Yeah, yes and blow it out your ass
Say do you uh go out to haul over and get melanoma with all those uh
No, I sure don't do you get you must the same to know a lot about it you must
No, I want to be there including on this show you must know a lot about it because you listen every day and you every time you call it
The same story so you must be transfixed I could never retire until you croak
So if you die, maybe that'll give me an opening hey, I think Phil Henry ought to replace you. Yeah, okay
So he can be on from 10 to 6 how's that that's right okay, and you're retired and you know what and your reduce back still blow it out your ass
Okay
Open line and date 751 and one on a green. Bye. Oh
Yeah
Really weak pal really weak material
Open line and date 751 W. I. O. D. and one on a green line 1 800 944 9463
Here's the lady in Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you? I'm great
Um really glad Jimmy Johnson's on his way or here or whatever right think it's great
We finally have something to look forward to yeah, that is the biggest thing right there
It's big it's big. It's really big. I don't know how big, but it's big it's big from what I hear
So I just want to say that uh pretty happy about that all right all right go have a party. I'm having a party good
You're invited. See ya. Bye. She's having a party
Open line on the green line 1 800. I thought that guy before her was better
1 800 944 944 laylisten like the woman I called like three calls back just to write me a check that's all
I'll be more than happy. I don't even have to come into Mar just write me a check that's the deal contract
We got about four years to go and that's it
And I guarantee at the end of those four years
I'm not gonna overstay my welcome. I mean what the hell
24 years that's long enough by the way march first makes 20 years
I've been on the air in this town and I bet you Melissa Roostery right something really nice about that
Don't you think so no here's a mobile and Davie hello
Hey deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, they uh they just threw me out of the uh training facility over here at Nova University
Me meaning what? Well, it's for media only I stuck in I was trying to
There and see what was going on. There was a bunch of media personnel out there
And security guy came over and told us me well
I think there's a good lesson to be learned there probably fat rich could learn the same lesson too
It would be very valuable in life and that is don't go where you're not supposed to be don't go where you're not wanted
I'm visiting from Jersey. It's pretty nice out here. I've never been out this this far west. Yeah
Yeah, have you ever been in Davie?
Have I ever been in Davie? Yeah, where's that? I heard that you've been in Davie quite a few times
No, I have been through Davie very rapidly
Oh, yeah, why how did Davie like it?
How did what how did Davie like it Davie what well you said you've been in Davie Davie Jones? Yeah, yeah
See you. Bye asshole
Open line on the green line 1-800-944 in fact my roommate's name in college where he was from Jersey and his name was Tom Davie and I never was in Davie
But that's another story. Okay, he was kind of ugly
Here's a four-loader Dale. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. All right. That was guy was really unbalanced
He was he was as good as that other guy before who was trying so hard to be funny that he cracked him
He cracked up at the end of the call couldn't keep us straight push. Yeah, I know. Yeah
See they see there's a whole there all these different groups of types of callers
We have the callers who think that they're gonna get my goat and get me all worked up by calling and pretending that they hate me
Or they're gonna say take some a shot and they think that I'm gonna take it personal where this to me is business
I couldn't give a crap what they say as long as the phone rings as long as I get the paycheck
Which I already got my check by the way this morning sir and that's it and they really believe that we
Take these things seriously. They're just paying your check
And if they ever if they ever heard the callers on the Phil Henry show including Larry King
They know that they're not serious. Oh, right. Well, they you know, they're just
They keep listening because they love you that's they do they couldn't they couldn't live without it
But home with the flu today and opened up the paper and it was
Can't wait for a Jimmy to start kicking everybody out and bringing everybody in
Just wanted to say Jimmy Johnson Lordy
Lordy Lordy yeah and
I don't know if anybody else has noticed this, but this is the second time in a row now I hate Wayne
But I mean I hate the Tampa Bay area even more than Wayne
And this is the second time in a row that Wayne has personally shot upon the Tampa Bay area good for him
I mean if you notice before thanks a lot Wayne. We love you. He did
Well and now with Jimmy right
Great anybody who dumps on Tampa Bay can't be all bad in our book right? No, yes
All right, Dale. Okay, pal. See ya
Get some clear a seal for Wayne. Okay, let's clear up our relationship with Wayne
And that ugly push too. We have an opal on and brown or five two four nine four six three five two four
It's like that Julio that called Phil yesterday. Oh, I hate that deal
I hate that he said that and he goes on and on and then he starts using every expression from douchebag to
Unbelieveable. I mean this guy. He could quote chapter in verse this kid
Everything I've ever said on a year and of course he's probably a closet case and he's you know wrestling with it and his conscience too
Here's a four-lawed nine. It's not W. I. O. D
I'd like to speak to Neil Rogers who?
Neil Rogers why you're like you sure what love it. Oh, thank god. Hello. Hello. This is me. Neil. Yeah. How you doing?
Jack hey Jack pretty good. Um, I was gonna ask you a question
About a boxing question. I don't know if we were talking on sports here. That was a boxing question
Boxing is barbaric and grotesque come on come on. It is one of the greatest sport. No, it is not
It's not a sport at all. Let me say it again. It's boxing and boxing is grotesque and barbaric
I think it's hard to think see
Yeah, okay, well anyway, let me ask you a question. Um, have you heard of the spider courage to shock?
After I just got through saying that why would you ask me a question about boxing? It's not a sport. I don't follow it
I have no interest in it's grotesque and barbaric. I heard somebody just say that
It's crap
It's for sadists
All right, it's for people like cauliflower ears. It's for people who want to see the faces of death parts one through a thousand
Have you seen those?
I've seen them. Well, there you go. That's why you're like boxing. I'll answer this call up the weather channel
They're selling a video of 80,000 greatest disasters of man. You can see bodies blown apart. You can see like all kinds of
Christ right now, huh? Who could be pricing right now? Princess Diana. We have an open line and the brower line
524946. Do you see you guys with your boxing man? See this is a joke and
They're hosting you like crazy and you pay money for these fights to subsidize these overgrown morons these illiterate assholes
And if they put it on pay-per-view you spend your last 30 or 40 bucks
You can't even put a goddamn loaf of bread in the salami sandwich on the table
But give me my 30 or 40 bucks so I can support this guy and then half of marfixed anyway
It's like professional wrestling now. Oh, don't say that. Yes, it is
Right, I think it's how they think see I see
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no, what he means is it's hard to think when you've had your brains bashed in for 10 years
You're a number one cheerleader. Yes, I believe these people are not excited about they're not at all excited
I'm the only one you and me about 10 other people. That's all that's all I care about is the same old tired crap
Yeah, maybe if you put on a dress and chose a little ass and we go to your ass and make up maybe we'll get excited
Yeah, right not all of those like peepies like you yeah
So I said that man shows a mask man, you know, you show some ass look at a mirror pal. You can't get bigger than that
See there you go just exactly what I just got through sand
There is one right there just exactly what I said right there just look at the mirror man
I hope he's got one of those big tall ones in a mirror too
Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay
Well Jimmy Johnson coming to town is their best thing since the signing of Damorino. Yeah
I just can't wait to see the cut list. Oh by the way, there was a Holy O just now. So obviously he was wrong. He does like it. Yeah
And uh trust me they all like it a lot
Uh, I can't wait for George and he's not a real spick anyway. I can't wait to take out JB Brown
Yeah, I mean all you slow guys. Right right Jean Atkins. Jean Atkins got to go right
I hope Brian cars get that out of here too
And uh, just hope Jimmy turns everything around and we can uh
I hope they sit Brian in a back of the bus so we can like look forward and spit on everybody else
I just uh, and Tarell Buckley get him on at bus two right away. Yeah, I mean I this is I'm an avid
daughter fan and uh, I just didn't even want to watch football this year
You're gonna see a whole new rage rage team this year. I'll guarantee you that you can go to the bank on it
And I hope so no more of this three-and-out bull crap that we've been watching for four or five years now
Yeah, I think I hope he gets really good. Steven's too. I mean, I don't think so
I think that's the one thing I'm a little concerned about but hey listen a guy
You gotta give him a little bit of a vote of confidence because he seems to know what he's doing
So you know, yeah, maybe he's got the right pill for uh for him to take
And maybe he knows where to stick it and uh and I think we're lyricing his film. Yeah, that was the funniest thing I've ever heard
No, yes, it was I had to pull it out of the way. It's 10 minutes in history. No, yes
All right, Neil. Thanks. I'll have a great day pal. See you
Yes, see that was another thing filled comes on her does the best 10 minutes in the history
First of all to show you what a bush Lake town it is this Melissa Ruggieri
She writes some shot at me because Larry says it's the worst talk show in America instead of writing
Phil Henry did the greatest con job on Larry King and history made a jackass out of him
She writes, uh, you know, some backhanded shot about me. Oh, yes
And then Phil gets done with that thing and the phone is like dead
It's like there's no response out there where people ought to be just ring the phone off the hook in his
Thericks just peeing in their pantalones
It's just uh amazing
Just never ceases the shock and amaze no matter how often you see it and feel it and smell it
It's 237 at W. I. O. D.
A deeper covering the news of South Florida and a guy on the prowl in Washington correspondence in LA
Chicago, Atlanta and around the world
That's why you get the best news on news talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Spread them and say cheese. No, yeah, kid baby
She night and a current affair
Shocking videos of the Brady bunches all night wesson oil orgies
How about you sitting here? You ready for it? Yeah
Plus never before seen episodes too racy for network television
Mom, mom, it's coming and coming
Aw, congratulations, honey
Why don't you go tell Alice the news? She's in her room
That's tonight on a current affair
We forget our topic tomorrow will be a Julio's flying out of the closet
We probably have to extend the show so Phil may be able to take the day off tomorrow
That'll get that one guy upset
1241 at W. I. O. D. We have a line ringing in date
I just mentioned that in passing 7519 463 751
Here's Davie. Hello
Hello. Yes. Yes. It's in about time you leave Don Shulalone
What is it? Leave Don Shulalone. He retired. Is everybody happy now?
Is this a woman or a man? It's a man. I got a cold. Oh my god
This isn't Brett Lawrence is it from the guiding light?
Put your clothes back on Brett come on people are starting to talk
I'm to leave him alone. What do you mean by leaving him alone?
I'm asking him. Nobody's even talking about him today barely. We're talking about Jimmy Johnson
So in other words if we in other words we shouldn't be happy that Jimmy Johnson is coming
We should be in mourning for a few months. Would that make you happy? Oh that's that's what the problem is
It's got nothing to do with Shulal you don't like Jimmy Johnson. That's what it is. So why didn't you say that?
What is it? He wants he doesn't make it
You hope he doesn't make it. Yeah, he's a jerk and
You're a jerk takes one to no one. Okay asshole
Open line and powered five two four now we're getting the good colors that I was talking about a little moments ago
This is what it's all about in this town one asshole after another
Five two four nine four six three five two four W.O.D
It hopes that Jimmy and I say it the you know very uh, I'm not really sure what that was
I think it was Brett Lawrence come on put put it back on the show
So maybe he's losing his mind that would be great
Can you imagine that just absolutely for real psycho he might actually throw Lucy right off the goddamn light light tower the lighthouse
Whatever it is lighthouse for the stupid
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing today? Okay, sounds like you got a bunch of real air
We got it listen. We got asked up to your earlobes today, man
And this goes to Shulal this is the response from the iode audience
We got a bunch of wiseasses out there who like you know
How can it's gotta be the best thing that happened to this town? I'm telling a long time
I mean I can't think of anything else too great going on here. I want to know if I love the Doddy and Steven's a split in the cab fair from
Davie to the airport. They're in Davie is what I hear they're gonna split the cab there. We're gonna spend a lot of time in Davie
Did you hear the Hummer last night? No, I did not thank God. Yeah, well he listened to your show
I think you maybe you pay him back by listening to his now once in a great while during a break any let me say it again
Anybody that would listen to the Hummer while Phil Henry is on the year needs very serious assistance
Well actually was in the the end of Phil Henry and D.Fo was coming on so like I said that was
That I understand it less or two evo yeah, and he had the penthouse pet of the year on his show in his studio
What does that have to do with sports that's what I wanted. I know I could figure out
But he had the penthouse pet of the year in his studio and they were
She was gonna be performing at some club in Miami and they were going on and saying that there was a free buffet at this club
Oh, so that's what it was. No. Yes, it was more free food for the hamster and he says well
What untmys the buffet starting they said it's the clock
So he'd be go well I get off at seven is it still going on?
Yes, save some for me put some aside for me put 20 or 30 plates over in the corner for me
The hamster no, I thought that was the funniest thing unbelievable
Yes, you know, I'm talking about here one of the big news stories that ever broke as it comes down to Pike
And they're talking about everything but in this town. I don't get it. I just don't understand it
I thought it was the funniest thing that they could be dropping nuclear weapons on sunrise right now
And somebody be calling to ask if they're still going to have the early bird
Well, that's all the old folks there
Okay, Neal and closing can I call one of my co-workers a douchebag? Yeah, the Italian iceman a mate. Oh, geez. Okay. Get out of here
Oh, now I got a headache just from that name
We have an open line and he actually showed up at the idea. Did you see him there? He's at the borders in wherever we were
Coral Springs the Italian iceman
Another guy looking for vindication validation illumination
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir man. I don't know what's up with the phone lines today
You mean and probably ten other people are the only excited people in this goddamn town and half of them
I don't they're just faking it. I
I believe though you wait till johnson gets in there people will start
crawling out of their crack when he starts winning and his team starts winning
What do you think?
When his team starts winning. Yeah, well, what do you think he's gonna? They're waiting to jump on the bandwagon now
Well now the new thing is what do you think about?
Emmett Smith? He's free after next year
I'm the one that just got through saying that about 50 times in the last three days
And saying wouldn't it be great that we actually have a running back who can run like a man
We have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three that seems to be the word of the day today
Maybe it's the word of the day and it rhymes with that's it
1245 at w i o d
Use talking entertainment radio
six ten w i o d i've been doing this a long time. I know how to do a talk. I've been doing this a long time
I know how to do a talk. No
Now another episode of street colonists
sessions we join our contestants might be in crazy kyle already in progress
Your man check this out your mom's nose is so big that when she lay on the back it looked like the bat came
Let's start my check this out your mom's head is so big that she got to get a hair braided by angels
Straight up wax. Blue check this your mother's ass is so big before God said let there be light. He told her
Yo move your big ass out the way
Yo you ain't got nothing on me
I did I did check this out your mom's ears is so big that bitch can hear bacon frying up in Canada
Yo man that's not now my mom's ears ain't that big but my machine gun might be no single food
Oh
My goodness. I've got to taste for bacon got to go tune in next time for another episode of street colonists
sessions my how I love book book products of all time y'all bet
1251 a w i o d in fact that ties in with our show tomorrow is a Julio's really like their pork
Here's a mobile in derail hello
Nail yes sir. I'm ecstatic. I'm doing cartwheels as we speak. Are you my god? Thank god Jim is back
Thank thank the lord. Am I good enough?
Even if we just got the hair even if we only got that in the beginning that would be a start. Oh my god
Well, I'm on my way to get the season tickets now. Good great. That's what I want. I'm doing it
I want to see this town show. It's fat foot forward here and then you know cut loose with a little bit of cash
I mean it's just a bandwagon to let's stay there and I let's give this guy a chance for a three or four games
And I think there's all that he knows it will
Well, I'm not trying to suck around now, but I do think that uh this shows the the power that you have in this town
That's right uh, you know
Because considering it's the worst talk show in America. It's amazing that I have this much power
And that well, you know this this transition that took place between chula and this guy and johnson
This thing was already this thing was set this thing was probably done weeks ago
Yeah, and it has just been you know some sort of uh
You know a little setup little window dressing out there for us
That's right. It's a done deal. Yeah, this is just too quick. It's not fun. I had all orchestrated was like following a script
Yeah, and finally in closing. Yes, sir Jimmy to grab the johnson. All right
We have an open line in date 7519 463 751 he said something everybody wants to grab Jimmy's johnson is that what he said
Okay, he'll be a guest on the show tomorrow
Here's boca. Hello
Avonille. Yes, sir. Yes, congratulations. Must be a payphone
Pardon are you on a payphone? Yes, you were talking about boca being dead. Yeah, it is
The road to call you boca blows
I know I'm amongst all the cadavres here
Just wanted to congratulate Jimmy johnson for taking the job
And uh you're ready for the uh point away parties for Brian Cox and all the other
assholes on that team
Yes
Okay, all right, see you
We have don't call us on a payphone. Will you please i'm not talking to him just uh just anybody don't call us on a payphone unless
It's absolutely i mean like life and death because they all sound like crap
And why is that we keep investigating that we can't come up with an answer probably because some shoddy assholes
I put those payphones out there since it's like isn't that like private enterprise now
Right everybody's got a bunch of payphones great
Here is west Palm Beach hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, how the worst phones are people's telephone
I think anyway up here in west Palm Beach
For the payphone what is that that's a company that's one of the most do it's called people's telephone to really do it
Your quarters
Listen, we've been hearing a rumor up here that uh
They made an offer for the panthers up here
And they've been screwed around by Wayne or whatever it is yeah, which probably sounds like he's probably trying to you know up the price
Panthers aren't going to Palm Beach pal forget about that the panthers are not going to Palm Beach
Nobody wants to go to Palm Beach. Oh, it's not that bad. It is
No, nobody's gonna go to Palm Beach. It's not gonna happen. Let me ask you were they gonna play?
Well, the group that made the offer has a stadium fight already. So yeah, they also want an NFL team up
You know, uh, you know, Pittsburgh
Uh-huh, you know
Nobody's going with you let me say it again
There is nobody going to nobody is going to west Palm Beach to a hockey game
I'm telling you that right now well if the panthers go you can come up and see our local team. We're not going
Let me say it again don't take it personally unless you want to
We are not going to west Palm Beach
We are not driving all the way up there in arm and leg to west Palm to see anything
Listen, we're all getting in the bus to go down and buy our season tickets. All right
Come on down here, man
Where's some real life not too much but a little bit it's Jimmy time if we can have a going way party down there for everybody else
That'd be great. All right. See ya. Thank you. Salami sandwich
We have an open line on the green line. Yeah, we're gonna have the Panthers in Palm Beach County
Right, we're gonna put them like up there like in Jupiter way up there way up north like uh, what's the Northern like in
Stort would be good, which I don't think is even in Palm Beach is it isn't that Martin County or some uh, you know
Yokeal thing like that
Let's put them up there like in Fort Pierce so we can have a nice relaxing drive to and from the game
Here's a plantation. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? I forgot about me
Um and I have a question for you. Yeah, this guy called a little while ago said everything south floor to have brown eyes
What the hell does that mean?
You have any idea? He has said something after that we had a dump so I would consider the source okay
Well, that's good because he's a jet span. Oh, is that it? So if that tells you anything
He's a loser. Well, he ought to know his crap then because if he's a jet span. He's got it up to his eyeballs
Definitely, I'm at least you know, we're gonna get Jimmy Johnson. He's got rich co-tights
So I guess he's got a lot to talk about there you go. I am very excited about Jimmy being here. Yeah
So I'm one of a few and uh, we're strong. We'll be all right
Okay, but don't overdo it because they're getting pissed off
Okay, have a great day, but don't don't party too much because they're getting pissed off because they don't want anybody to be positive
They love the negativity
See, I've known that all the time that I've been here anytime you try to be positive on anything
They get very upset about that and as much as they bitch at me. Oh, you're so negative
What are we gonna get somebody out who's more positive and then anytime you find something that you really enjoy and that you like
Oh, we're y'all want to hear about that now that's boring
We want to hear a bitch in screaming belly it can complain. Okay, you suck. How's that y'all suck
Now they're happy
We have an open line on the uh per on the uh whatever that line is there the bokeh-pom beach line
They're also ecstatic because we're gonna have all our teams up in Palm Beach County and everybody like from Kendall and down there in homestead
We're all gonna get on god damn bus loads and truck loads and slip all the way up there, right? I don't think so
Here's my me lakes hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, hey listen now I was talking uh, I was listening last night rather than D-fo
Yeah, what is it like once a week? He just goes off unrestling. He talked like for 20 30 minutes unrestling
See that's what I'm talking about here. We got the big story in fact
He's not even speculating. I mean, he's just already announcing it as though it's a done deal
Jimmy Johnson is the new coach and then he went off on all these other things
I mean, it's talking first he was talking about boxing and then he went off to wrestling and then my radio went off because I thought what what is this
What's the difference between those two? I don't get it. I'm sorry. I don't understand what kind of like I've said the sports shows in this town
They all suck
Listen about the story
Jennifer was talking about necrophilia. We have to pass a law about necrophilia now. Oh absolutely
Yeah
What's the guy who's gonna testify against the guy who's committing the act by the way? I don't know
But I think he I think he's kind of quasi-modo
And has been hanging out in the entry. How many how many people is that law gonna affect you think there's Moral
Hey, let's keep the drug. There's a lot of walking stiffs out there. I think that counts too
Okay, listen. There's a look. Let's keep the drugs out of South Beach bars and back in the high schools where they belong all right
See you so it took all of this time and now the porkers just discovered there's drugs in the bars on South Beach
Oh my god better late than never I guess huh
They could ask like a school kid somewhere and they could have told him that but oh they just discovered that
Because they're right on top of it, baby and they're jealous because they weren't getting the good stuff
That's what it's all about
Here's a mobile in the Palm Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes
I just wanted to address that guy that was talking about the panthers moving to as a Palm Beach
Yeah, let me tell you something. There's a good year blimp right now flying all around West Palm Beach with big huge
Panthers sign on the side. Uh-huh. Well, that proves it to me
Oh, well, I think they're trying they're trying what trying to get everybody hyped up about them. I'm okay
Ain't gonna happen now. I know I just I live closest up here. I wish they wish it would but anyway
Uh, don't you meet your job and okay later
hahaha
Uh-huh, you know, it's something I take back what I said before we never want to lose their Palm Beach lines
And don't take this personally unless you want to in which case i'd love it
But uh, it's it's like since we don't have the Tampa stuff anymore
We don't have those yahu's over in Tampa, St. Pete and this really is a shot because you're not even an air league
But it's like a step away. See like this guy he means well, but he's stuck up there
And there's nothing up there. I mean when I worked there 21 years ago
WJ in 1975
I've told you this many times you're tired of hearing it. I'll tell you again
It was not bad. It was okay
And that town has deteriorated and deteriorated and it's just like whatever sign of life that used to exist there
It's basically gone and the city itself was Palm is like one festering toilet now and um
Other than that it's okay
And so they become like wannabe's another you know, well, they can't do it down here in Miami
So we'll have it up and they're not gonna have it up there in other words
We're pretty goddamned inept we're embarrassingly inept
But I mean if we can't do it down here you really think people are gonna come flocking in to Palm Beach
Counting to see like a ballgame or a hockey you're dreaming it ain't gonna happen man. It ain't gonna happen
But i'll tell you one thing not that I want to be selfish or anything like that
But that site out there at the sawgrass you know like about a block in a half from my house sounds pretty god damn good to me
So since Wayne is on a right track with all the other stuff why to hell not just one more time
Start your day with the rick inside. I'll even make up. I don't say we didn't walk
Kiss your ball. Come on. Come on.
My name is Forte-Mallardale. Use talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Hey but heads it's a one to two hour
Ha ha ha
Miami has the dog food the greatest football team
Oh
Are you sure
Oh
Miami has the dog food the greatest football team
We take the ball from full and go like no one's ever seen
We're in the air we're on the ground we're always in control
Oh
Because we're the
It's just about a facial lady
He's in the back he's in the slack he's in the air he's in control he's got that hair for
You wanted
Now you got here we got yes
We
107 at W I D all I do think it's a
Sad said
When announcement of this magnitude has to be pushed back a half an hour because
Bubba's gonna be speaking in four
Bubba's holding a news conference in four so we got to push back the official announcing a Jimmy sign in the four thirty
Which I think shows you just how screwed up this country's priorities really are
We have an open line and Broward five two four nine four six three five two four W I O D
Join our very very
Mediocre party we're having here today
I sat down to 10 I thought it was gonna be just a tremendous explosion of enthusiasm
And then of course when I found out the default was talking wrestling and boxing last night for two hours
And when fat Hank was on her trying to make it with some a washed out babe with big hooters
Now we understand what it's really all about there is no enthusiasm here
It continues to be big in the bush
Here's highly on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I am a Julio. I am from highly and I'm an educated football fan. All right
And I'm gay so hey there. Oh my god. There's the first honest caller. We've had this month
And I am definitely gonna be roasting a pig today in honor of Jimmy Johnson
All right, the man is great and thank God I can finally enjoy the game
I think you just gave us all a good idea. Let's heat up the pork today in honor of Jimmy
Yeah, I also got I got an observation though. Yes, you know, everybody likes Jimmy Johnson. Why is that? Oh, he's Southern
Hey, he's a big talker. He can fill up a stadium and he's got the hair. He's just like Elvis. There you go
He is like Elvis in fact, you know something. He may be the reincarnation of Elvis
That's what I was thinking the same thing you never know everybody loves everybody loves Jimmy
Hey, there's always sightings of him everywhere right there you go
Well, there's your first gay Julio color, huh? All right
I have a nice date and back to you. Put you up sweetheart. See you
How do you like that?
Another fag Julio, but this one's honest. He's the only honest one we got. Oh well about three or four others
There's no reason to be hiding in a closet just because Mama Sita's gonna be all upset and you know that
That muddy cone thing. They're all gonna be calling your names
But hey, you can call it back at him because you know that they are too
Papa Sita would be really upset because it makes him less macho, but he's too busy with his boyfriend. You don't got time to worry about him
We have an open line with his boyfriend and his girlfriend with the big ass or is it the wife that's no the wife's got the big ass
The girlfriend's got the big hooters. I'm sorry. I keep getting that confused
We have an open line on the purple line and that's for anybody that's got like 18 T wireless and mobile one cellular
That's what it's for anybody that's got a cell phone it works for free now
I guess you don't know that do you because you've been kind of shut out for like a year now for over a year
They've been shut out
Thanks to those far-bison to go in with that BS phone service. They've been shut out
Pound IOD it works. How do you like that pick it up and give it a shot? It works. What a miracle, huh?
Oh and Merakle
Una whatever that means. I don't know that stuff. I don't know from no spick. Here's Miami Lake. Hello
Hello, Neon. Yes. How are you today? I'm doing very well so far a long time listener first time caller wonderful
I was over there this morning at the station and you signed the inside of flap of my best of seats
I signed your flap and it was a very enjoyable experience. Yeah, I wanted to thank you for that
I heard you rip me oh somebody ripping D for earlier
I heard that people's gonna be hosting the weekend show on Saturday. Right
That's his punishment. That's his punishment. I
I figured maybe they could find like a
A full-time weekend guy instead of having him on Saturday and
Nickel on Sunday
Is Nickel gonna be on Sunday or that? Oh no the no this is oh this is the best part of the deal
Wait till you hear this which the audience doesn't know about yet
The the new morning news guy, okay
From West Palm Beach. Yeah, he's not coming
He was gonna be anchoring the Sunday morning weekend magazine and
He ain't coming and he's not showing up either
So you're right nickel bag is gonna continue doing Sunday mornings until they can find some
Some some clown to come in here actually I heard you stay from him because while I was waiting in the lobby for the
City to come back out. I heard him say that deeper was gonna be on Saturday and he'd still be here on
On Sunday. Oh my god. Well, that'll give you good reason to sleep in late Sundays or just go somewhere else and
Leave it on FM maybe or just turn over to Waxi and listen to the plant guy
Well, listen Neil. I got a statement request for you. See if you could play the Dave game song Dave game
They don't come any guy gamer than Dave
All right, thanks again, buddy. Have a great life sweetheart. Bye-bye
Open line and date 75 with you know this is a computer start to give me really really pissed off
You know it have I made that clear to you or what because it's
That's why it's in Miami because it's push league is Mickey Mouse
To settle the thing if you want to see that
guitar covid
hart
The we
He's a traveler with the hitch.
He's quite the size of that rich Dave Gain.
And with all of that dirt, he really shakes the earth.
Dave Gain is son of a bitch.
That is fat and just that's in her name.
Dave Gain.
This is Diet of Organ.
We're taking you out to a special report from Dave Gain.
All you can eat, Buck's A's.
Are they his advertised? Dave?
Thank you, Diet of.
We're here at the local supermarket.
And they've gone undercover.
Uh, Dave, undercover?
That's right, undercover.
I'm approaching the All You Can Eat Salabar for the seventh time.
Sir, don't you think you've had enough?
I thought this was a buffet.
Yeah, but...
Yeah, but nothing.
You're a hunter.
You want to see huge, dirty, sick section you, Dave Gain.
Yeah, he can't beat wide.
He's even bigger than Jeff Harding's Dave Gain.
I couldn't look at fast, he'd surpassed with no slides.
Dave Gain.
Okay, that's it.
You beat almost everything.
Wait a minute. Let's go.
I have none. I have none.
I'm not drunk.
I'll call out soon, John.
Shade, shade.
Shade, love you.
What's 13 and 21?
He's waiting with the auction to donate tonight.
You might have gotten nervous.
But anyway, the word is...
This is serial, which you don't believe it probably.
But it's real. Dave Gain is no longer on camera.
He is the computer guy now.
He's like sitting on a computer, which is why they can't get any news through it on the channel 4, which used to be channel.
Seriously, they take it them off the ear.
So we ought to give him a second chance.
113 at WIOD.
My name is Harvey Wyerman.
I'm an attorney at Law and Tamarack, Florida.
I listen to the Phil Hendry show because I haven't been able to wheel myself over to the radio to turn to another state.
I can't get over to the radio.
Phil Hendry.
Oh, I can't.
I'm 226 PM on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
No way.
610 WIOD.
Get down on your hands and ease and lick my boot.
No.
No.
No.
Are you so funny?
No.
No.
Please.
Don't put out this trick.
It's a piece of crap to me.
Can hardly hear my words.
I can't get over to the radio.
I can't get over to the radio.
So please.
This song is a tear.
I'm not going to trap me.
Will believe.
No.
There should not be a hair.
I can't be bothered.
No.
Turned out like a piece of crap.
This is the way it was to make shows.
I can tell you that.
2018 at WIOD.
Here's Kendall.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, today is a great day, my friend.
I thought so.
I can only help.
I don't think they're even jumping on yet.
They wanted it.
They wanted it.
Now they got it.
We're not sure we wanted it.
How come we're picking on Neil Don?
That's typical Miami.
We want Jimmy.
We don't.
We want a baseball team.
But now we don't.
Only if they win world championships in the first couple of years.
Right.
How come the Panthers lost a couple of games on his trip and thank God they're leaving?
Well, I called you last week because I'm that a free agent packer fan.
I still have that option with that team if Jimmy doesn't pan out.
You're keeping your options open, right?
There you go.
I have a question for you about Wayne.
He wants a free stadium.
All the gate receipts.
All the concessions.
All the parking plus TV and merchandising and all that.
Right.
And he expects to get that.
I mean, is he going to get that somewhere?
No.
Are other owners getting that anywhere?
No.
I don't know.
He's going to sell them.
They're gone.
They're going to Nashville.
But I mean, is that just really outrageous or an outrageous?
Don't you understand the deal is it's like the Jimmy Johnson thing.
There's a whole, you know, the caller that called in before I gave me short
trip because I was riding a high on the with this euphoric Jimmy is here thing.
But I think he had a good point.
The way this thing has been orchestrated, you know, the public was teased and taunted.
Do we want Jimmy?
Do we want to don to retire?
Greeter things are going to, you know, greener pastures are on the other side with Jimmy.
And it kind of is a real good cover up and a smoke screen just at the time when probably
in about three weeks they're going to announce the Panthers are being sold in Nashville
because you people won't build me an arena.
But look at what a good guy I am because I brought Jimmy Johnson in and this is so much
more important anyway.
I guess.
Does that make sense?
I think the guy was right.
Looking for somebody to pat him on the back.
Right.
Hey, can you make fun of some blind people?
Because my girlfriend's blind and I love her.
No.
Have a great day, pal.
Oh.
We have an open line.
We have an open line in day.
It's 751.
Do you hear that?
Can I make fun of some blind people?
Can you see your way clear to doing that?
That's bad, man.
That's really bad.
We got a blind abort that works here named Mike and quite frankly, he'd probably be
better in management because our management, well, that's another story.
121 at WYOD, George.
It takes a mens warehouse sale.
But I'm doing a read of mens warehouse.
See, I knew it would work.
I knew it would work for you are so easy.
You're so, I'm embarrassed.
I'm embarrassed for you that you're so easy.
I wasn't even looking.
And there you go.
That's probably, well, what do you say about the blind people?
Like I said, we got this blind board off of you.
I think it's hard to think, see?
I'm the type of guy with a big square head.
I went on my fights except the ones that did.
Yes, I'm the type of guy who pounded Michael Spinks and showed him that he's yours.
And if the boxing really stinks, I'm the type of guy who always is alert.
I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt.
You're the type of guy that thinks that I'm a bum.
So I just say to you that you are D-U-M-E dumb, I'm the type of guy with my weaving and
my bobbin.
I only lost one fight and the picture's name was Robin.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down in a minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare just because I keep all my cash and don't
keep his hair.
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me.
And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy.
That's what I'm hitting in the world.
I'm the type of guy.
Robin, give him some ground to keep your butt.
Yes, I'm the type of guy.
Next fight comes to my face.
I'm the type of guy.
Don't miss on me.
I'm the type of guy.
What's 2060W?
Can you explain something to me?
Why is it that they have to have another trial for Nick on the young and a horny when the
perpetrator of the shooting, the rapie in the case Amy has already come forward and said
that she did the shooting?
What do they have to have another trial for?
Because that's the way it is.
Because they have to drag it out for another two months.
And because we have to have more confrontations with the warmen who this time will have a better
shiver or something like that.
We have an open line on the board just one and look at where it is.
It's on a purple line which we opened up for the whole world now and that's sitting there
dead which is really very depressing at pound I.O.D.
But anyway in the meantime.
I am me had done sure of but now he's his story.
Yes.
But now we have Jimmy Johnson and that's okay by me but we still have Cox and Cossar
and Dan's Titanic lips.
No.
And their sister Mary Mendes.
Yes.
That's another new ass tulip.
It's the same.
I am a dolphin.
No.
I am a dolphin.
No.
I am a dolphin.
It's MJJ.
Yes.
It's just the same I am a dolphin.
No.
I am a dolphin.
No.
I am a dolphin.
It's no way they...
Oh.
I like that little hum job there on the end.
128 must be almost time for the Hummer to come on.
So we can talk about Playboy Bunnies or something like that.
How's that bunny Barbara doing?
How's Jim Gallant doing and at other asshole I used to be Mike Abernathy?
Oh boy.
We could go through all those great stories.
They could tell you some lyric Kings stories those two guys but I'm sure somebody probably
would just assume keeping quiet.
No.
Yes.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
First time call a long time listener.
Okay.
I know you like the ponies and I've got little ponies story for you.
A racing story.
If I've if you've heard it just tell me enough stuff.
What it's a joke?
It's a story.
Yeah.
Okay we have an open line in Broward 5249463524WYOD.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
JJ.
You blew the brain stem out.
The poor old man he would never admit that his coaching skills started to suck.
JJ.
They can't always be great.
He usually has some pretty good stuff.
You know who that was don't you?
You know who that was George?
George?
Yes.
I'm pretty sure it's this guy.
Isn't it?
Isn't it?
It's not?
No this guy was good.
You're wrong.
Okay.
That's what it is.
What would he use for that?
Maybe some of these stories guitar this is Miami.
This is good.
Another bit of something.
Oh this is the guy who I said they can't always be good in this city.
Which they can always be good sometimes.
You're all so glad away.
Oh baby, instead of driving around the freeway, you should have been on Brazilian airway.
Oh your friends call you the juice.
They say I hope they care about you.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I love it when you run to play that goes like negative five yards and he just gives Stevens a look right they always show it but I think that the unimaginative offense in the NFL maybe Jimmy's got to picture on Gary Stevens and maybe he's gonna like whip him into shape you know what I'm saying I don't know after 10 years you really think that maybe he's gonna be calling the shots maybe he's just gonna be calling the shots and Gary's gonna be a gofer Gary's gonna bring him take out from pizza loft well he said the reason
she wouldn't get rid of those people because they all did what he said he didn't want to have to bring anybody else in and train him yeah so maybe Steven maybe that was of course don't forget I mean that's just the the story but it's not a done deal at Steven's a stain that's what everybody is saying but that's you know that's up to Jim ah she's I'd love to see him go by I would pack him a several sandwiches back to college go play for East Tennessee girl school game in all right we'll enclose maybe the city though huh maybe the city that would be good yeah having all girls team up there you know girls in terminal badminton or something but in closing not
everybody from games though is a redneck tough guy okay all right see ya bye just most we have an open line at day 751 W I O D we got one in Brad we still got one there on the Green Line in Palm Beach where you can't even shock them into their sensibilities you can't shake them out of their lethgy it's hopeless because we said we don't want to go up there to see no hockey games and guess what we won't under any circumstances get that through your head right now we are not coming okay we're not coming to Palm Beach for love or money we're also not coming up there to my near park I know that comes as a great shock to some of you but I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to do that I'm not sure if you're gonna be able to
but hey don't take it personal it's business it's just too far to come up there and sit and watch those lovely people at myzner park open line and the Green Line near 1 800 it's ringing now as we speak
it's coming there destruction panic in the street it's the apocalyptic music event of the summer it's the grateful dare in concert and if you make it out alive you'll be grateful too it's the be grateful you're not dead to starring the grateful dare a bunch of fat middle-aged men playing psychic
Elegrat songs about peace and love while a new generation of angry young fans who totally missed the point right in the parking lot because they're pissed off at the boomers for taking all the good stuff
ultimately forcing local authorities to cancel the show to prevent further injuries and loss of life it's the be grateful you're not dead to or coming soon to
event you near to you the laxable bexiting still available okay so she's laughing and there I happen to like
brigams yeah those of you go into the all-star game in Boston you want a great Italian meal don't get sucked into
going to the north end in Boston they do have some good Italian restaurants up there but many of them are highly
overrated and there's so many of them you won't pick the really good one probably unless you're lucky go to a place called
Milano's on Newberry Street man in the back pay it is so good I'm telling you Milano's it is just in Cray Blay and you know if
you're on a diet though don't go there they give you just a normal a normal portions and you start talking like
this because your mouth is full of something here's Miami hello hello yes sir
no yes I think the reason why a lot of people haven't been reacting why aren't they reacting well I feel that they're smart
they're not jumping the gun what does that mean well I'm not jumping a gun for you
who hasn't proven nothing here in Miami you might have proved it in Dallas no but this is what they wanted though
don't you understand other words if this came as a surprise if this was like out of left field and they had to
like kind of analyze it but this is what they've been screaming and shouting they've been going to the games with big
bags over their head and the science saying we want JJ you know this has been a cause 11 is town for months now
well has it not or I just dreamed of yeah that's right they they belly they belly ache well that's my point they belly
ache and carry on you know we don't like this give us something else and then when you give it to him it's like well I don't
know if I really want this after it's like a little kid with a toy you know I think what it is they want to be popular with the crowd
oh is that it I think that's what it is right they so they so all that they saw all the emoting with the Tony
cigaretteo and Jimmy syphilis now they want to like have that morning period they don't want to react you
know overreact and piss off the dawn it's disrespectful you know well I know is I got my tickets all
lined up for next season that if they don't want to you know it'll make for a more parking room for the
rest of us screw that I've always liked Don Chula and everything but I knew there was time for change
that's right it's not it's not personal it's business can't they understand it's not personal it's
business that's all right but you know not to say in his hey days he was a great coach I mean as far as
I'm concerned he was an offensive wizard yeah I mean he was the only guy to beat the bears that year I
mean we didn't exactly have a great deal but I mean well that's something to remember that we meet the
bears on a Monday night during the hour one and fifty fifteen and one season right so how long do you
think it's gonna take for Jimmy Johnson to get something going down two years two years yeah I'm
not saying super bowl in two years but two years before we really have a dynamite contending playoff
uh... ass kicking team well I mean you can't expect it overnight and if he no seriously if these
people are going to be impatient and they're going to expect like fourteen and two the first season
and a super bowl of appearance I think that they're going to have expectations that are unrealistic well
I mean even though people are looking to go to the super bowl he did bring him to the playoffs
if he championship last year at brim to the playoffs this year so at
well why they they they they backed in they backed into the playoffs this year thanks to Oakland
blowing a big lead and thanks to the fact that Atlanta gave us a game and didn't kick that field
goal and when they did go to the playoffs they got him embarrassed and humiliated so bad that even
he was hanging his head like a dog well don't let's not try to rewrite history okay it's uh... it's
pretty clear what the pan you just got through saying so yourself and how you try to talk yourself out
of it but not really okay well you think about it for a while we have an open line and date seven
five well you see they're not really sure in other words it's like I said like a kid with a toy
or it's like it's like people going to a restaurant and they look over the menu and they say okay
this sounds really good I'm gonna order this and they put the order in with the waiter and as they're
sitting there talking and having their uh... to eighteen martinis they look over at the table next to
them and the people next to them who got their you know a little bit sooner their entree is being
served and they look at the plate on the table they said you know that other things sounded really good
but that looks incredible you know what i'm saying so it's like well we wanted this but maybe that's
uh... yeah right okay whatever you want whatever you say i can't change here's Miami hello
good
going to
what is it i was i was wondering i heard about the brest enlargement thing
uh... um...
yeah pathetic here's for a lot of day i'll wait a minute like i said here it is somewhere over here hello
hello yes sir
yep i just found out today that the Baltimore Orioles are going to be using for a lot of day
spring training facilities yes i'm very excited about that yes
because i think they're gonna go all the way america and lake east yeah do you like that
well i'm happy for you uh... we don't want to talk about boring stuff like baseball today pal okay
there's an old fart see that's the only kind of people that care about baseball anymore is old
farts like him that like the guy that asked me about the bob tourle you think even that guy don't
care about baseball he just wants to make some cash from bob's old balls we have an open line in
brown or five two four nine four six three five two four w i would be and who knows maybe bob's old balls
or worth something these days uh the old bullet bob guy all the way to his age i kind of down it
here's point and beach hello how fat is the hummer how fat is the hummer can you weigh him on a scale
can you ship him through the mail how fat is the hummer hi Neil yeah uh being a seasoned ticket holder
i do feel so what's all this big uh scoop that i you had the other day that we're still waiting
to hear about what you probably made up uh... that what it's already happened oh okay no but
actually story i feel trying to program the show again no i would i would have to avoid the folks
see now i tried to be anonymous yeah right you try to be anonymous right this is the first real call
in about a year just like jacke lee calling in and try to be anonymous i don't even compare me to that
now i feel reborn uh i feel it's the second coming of the franchise i would get season tickets no matter
whether jimmy was here now just make sure they're not in your mind no i'm in the end though
i'll come see you oh yeah no but the the biggest difference that i'm looking for now is past rush
i mean we're not going to see quarterback like mike tom's act
steve wall boomer size and those are the orange yeah they're not going to write novels in the back
field like jim kelly in the playoff game standing back there with five minutes to uh pick out an
open receiver and pick his nose oh ridiculous and how come man which has been telling everybody
the past three or four years oh you don't have to have a pass rush to uh you know be a real playoff
contender and be a winning team this man for a guy that played the as many games as he didn't took
as many showers with the guys he don't know squat speaking to him you put him in a room with
Tony sigredo jimmy syphilis hand gold turd and dan shula i think that channel four storm center
would have to issue flood warning channel six oh six jackass what's the story with that no
obsessed with that what do you mean what's the story i'm obsessed with it i don't think no
no no no no no no no yeah all right the only you don't think that's great no it's it's the best who is that
it's Larry okay no yes no yes no yes no the only the only good thing on that w p k m down the
dial next to you joe rose i mean i it's no what that gap tooth jackass well channel four was smart
they would put a big number four sign between the gap no don't you don't you think seriously the
the guy who's working he's on radio in the morning he's on tv he's uh whatever else he's got
going couldn't he afford to go or at least channel four if they're going to put him on the ear
wouldn't they put up the money they got a few bucks for christx like i mean they took Dave
game off here so they have to feed him anymore why don't they take that money and take this guy
the wood dentist and get him some bonding there and fill in the gap it's it's not trying to be
personal with a shot there but he looks like a jackass with that thing there it's it's ugly it's
hideous he really is and he's ugly enough without that gap he's genuine though he's the real
thing he's genuine yeah okay well listen i'll arrange a date for a great no uh paul no i'm
serious i i know that he and robby need him i have been out cheap hunting in the woods but we'll
get you in there we'll fit you uh another thing paul gastronova yeah uh you started the pally thing
didn't you a long time ago that yes originally right what he's doing that and the thing he has
Jeff cone from the pizza loft in the studio the other day uh talk about his fingernails also
eating on the air Jeff Cohen was in here earlier this morning uninvited flashing those grotesque
palm tree fingernails is around and now that i find out he's over there consorting with that
asshole with that fat tub of crap with that with that ripoff artist paul gastronova i'm going to
tell you right now Jeff Cohen can suck my toes yeah well not only that i guess he's already done that
because he said he's done everything in the world not only that i want to keep the whole conversation
but if you keep this up i will what go ahead then he goes into a phil Henry routine with the crank call
oh i mean don't these people can't be be a rid of me but he's there paid the record on no that's
why he's that's why he's a rip it off old bits and sending him into the satellite comedy service well
listen and closing and closing yes see ya no and i don't want to oh god what a horrendous thought that is
149 at although i'll tell you one thing anybody who has the corvette knows how to drive it
149 at wio d it use talk and entertainment radio 610 wio d hi your lawn is approved right no
we're out here on the streets of the city asking people what they do for a condi bar excuse me sir
yeah what would you do for a condi bar i don't know would you kiss me kiss you just a quick
back on the cheek it's for a condi bar okay okay give me my condi bar oh you can do better than that
what do you mean kiss me full on the lips and the lips for a condi bar okay now give me that condi
bar people are starting to look all right i'll give you your condi bar but first you have to kiss
me open mouth with your tongue tickling my uvula it's for a condi bar oh god okay
oh god why are you looking at ladies for a condi bar uh yes about that what well you see i don't
actually have a condi bar you know no but it was very nice meeting you very very nice i'm going to
kill you chocolate coated ice cream so rich and thick there's no room for a stick who would you do
for a condi bar don't forget our topic tomorrow holiose who crave the uncircumcised penis
or is it no i got it wrong holiose who crave the circumcised penis not necessarily they're
okay so anyway it's 154 a w i'd ask you that all up plus also screwed up because the level was so
no how how's that possible no can you believe that the one time the one time that i asked about
the family business no michael said no no seriously it was like very bizarre maybe the
cart was very loud hi that's what the problem was that's what the problem was the cart just like
overwhelmed it because that's one of those old Roger Magdalene carts hi your loan is approved
no see that would have been better but anyway let's go to mimey on the purple line hello
Neil yes sir hey how you doing okay i'm going to leave you with another Wayne ripoff for the day
yes well my wife was separating my five year old to the circus today you know they were going
through the lunch boxes and taking out all the drinks with the kids even after the school said
absolutely no way take any money to the arena what does Wayne have to do with that
wasn't right uh Wayne's brother-in-law a part owner of the arena well yeah but i don't think that they
uh well maybe they do i don't know the Gestapo of course Wayne i think yeah Gestapo got out there
and they were taking all the kids including that one big guy with a brown suit that always stands
there cheerleading the crowd that big goofy guy with the glasses that always his Wayne's body guard
when he's at the hockey game say i think my wife was the biggest stopper everything yeah and they said
hey sorry it's part of the arena's policy well didn't hear the music when he went into the circus
that should have given you a little warning right off the bat that's what i told her yeah that's
what i told her and she says uh they were taken all the five year old drinks out of their lunch boxes
so they can't drink so they'd have to buy drinks and all the school said absolutely no money
i heard the ringleader at the circus this year was wearing a different kind of boots like up to
his uh up to his cronk you know and we're in that SS buckle on his belt yeah they said Wayne was out there
knowing his three acts yeah well he's uh trying to make us forget about all the bad stuff don't
understand leave it to one of our callers to come up with that earlier and i think he's right we
had almost worked with me as much as i despised that bald headed geek it almost worked with me
almost thanks for bringing us back to reality sir hey you got it and stay out of there hey Neil you
get in it okay bye well i'm gonna we'll get into davie myself we have an open line on the uh purple
line you won't get on the arrow but it sure be nice to see if there's a response out there now
that a purple line is serving everybody from all the ships that see and all the men and the boys at
home because women don't know how to use those things do they here's plantation hello
Neil yes sir you know i don't know the thing you used to blast this guy every day oh it's the guy
with the eyes the guy with the eyes Neil yeah it's an asshole the guy with the eyes has the audacity to
call here i've already been through that okay hurricanes was once the ring out it's a professional
coach okay get with the program and find a life already you promised us you were gonna find a
life at the last remote you didn't do a did you you're still out there making an incident calls
trying to be a shot to stirmer go out there and find a life and get a new boyfriend to will you
here's an orth Miami hello hi Neil yes sir a couple of years ago i read an in-depth article on
Jimmy Johnson and the herald and a couple of facts from that article that kind of explain his
success yes one is that he has a a doctorate in psychology from i think was university at Texas
and his dissertation was in the area of motivational psychology which kind of explains how he can
motivate people so effectively and the second point was he has an IQ of 170 oh my god which puts
him in the top 10 to the top 1 percent which is like more than the collective IQ of the entire
dolphin football squad which means he's up on a level probably with marv Levy if not smarter oh my
god i that would be surprised if he has a little jewel in him somewhere even with a name like
well possibly but that kind of explains his great success in motivating teams to national
championship yeah that's what it's all about these people don't understand that they just they
look at statistics they look at numbers on a page they listen to these so-called expert jocks on
ear they don't understand what being a being a leader is all about marv Levy took a bunch of
daughtering old clowns up there in buffalo and the pound of the crap out of the dolphins and got
you know well into the second week around of the playoffs and did one whale of a job
sure do yep and does it all the time well we have a coach now that can do it right here in Miami
okay well thanks for your enthusiasm you and the other other six of us well thanks for your
program i really like it okay see you bye bye so there we go we found a few enthusiastic people but
hey i'm never gonna do this again the only thing i'm gonna be enthused about is getting my check
on payday and the few free meals here in air and the hockey and that's it because they don't like
this at all they don't like this one bit don't ever call a show again ever ever ever again and tell
me i'm negative that i'm too much of a sour poised that i'm whatever because you love that that's
why you listen to this show even though it is the worst show in uh... in america make no mistake
about that that's what you listen for hostility and hysteria and uh... whatever but definitely don't
be positive and enthusiastic about something because uh... i mean seriously this is really this is
like a little microcosm of what's wrong with this entire community they scream and they belly
egg and they carry on like this is the most important thing going in the history of the human race
since uh... Henry flagraero dropped out a railroad tracks are dropped on his pants on the tracks
and now all of a sudden they're gonna get what they wanted and it's like a day when everybody should
be just in the greatest euphoria in the history of their lives and instead it's like uh... i would say
a mixed bag would be a great compliment wouldn't you mixed bag at best meanwhile we got 130,371
for center one you can call center one at five six one oh oh seven eight and order your best of
stuff we got like twenty days to go we're gonna make our hundred and fifty grand will be at
borders and have a tour of new to two this Saturday and of course as far as all your excitement
is concerned come on just one last time are we enthused about jimmy johnson no
hey Julio call niel he misses you w i o d my any fort letter there
use talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
