Talk in entertainment radio.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
610 W I O D, a tax income company.
Well, I'll ride.
Presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil call 751 W I O D in date.
524 W I O D in Broward.
Mobile colors.
It's pound I O D.
But I'll pick up the tap for that one.
Outside of date in Broward, call 1-800-944-W I O D.
And now the tax and O Neil Rogers Show on 610 W I O D.
It's big, Neil.
It's big in a boat of it.
324 W I O D.
TV has got a lady named Katty Lee.
Everybody thinks that she is squeaky clean.
I'm gonna go a cover now and be a think.
Katty's just a snob that thinks it's not gonna stink.
And now she says she's gonna often leave her show.
Well, baby, just pack up all your things and go, go, go.
No.
Go, Katty, go, go.
No.
Go.
No.
Just go, Katty, go, just go.
Because you ain't that good.
Because she says the television is a big way to land.
Stop talking about your kids and you're done husband.
Don't clear on me old Frank is a loving sheen.
We said I want more time and baby I'm gone to scream.
Monday night football, he's as good as that.
Ain't much going on.
And on a little prank he's head, go, go.
No.
Go, Katty, go, go.
Boy, baby, reach to the show.
No.
Just go, Katty, go, go.
Go, Katty, go, go.
No.
Nobody's that good.
Go, go, go.
Go, Katty, go.
10-03-A-W-I-D.
Happy Thursday.
2-E-I was planning on saying one more day, one more trip.
But guess what?
Well, just when you think you got it licked.
Just when you think you got it down to a science,
all of a sudden you discover things don't ever work quite
according to plan.
So we're going to have to be here Monday, maybe Tuesday,
but certainly no longer than that, right?
We pray we are hoping.
We are praying.
We are praying a lot.
In spite of what it says in the hair out here, Jeff Nudnik
with another award winning column.
By the way, I forgot to tell you the amazing information
about Andrews ass in the woods, George.
Off the air, be sure to remind me about that.
Which kind of like gives me some insight
is to why some of those pimply-faced puny kids
have been working over there last year or four years.
Okay.
So anyway, getting back to Brendan Shanahan,
who keeps sticking his stick at the wrong spot,
rumor is that he's going to Detroit,
but that's beside the point.
So anyway, in the sunset in the morning,
here we go, higher power at WI-D ratings.
See, they just don't get it.
They just can't get it.
Somebody evidently somewhere along the line
convinced these people, and none of them ever talked to any of us.
They convinced him that once Paxton took over this radio station,
we weren't going to say crap or even take one.
You know what I'm saying?
And they just can't understand how, you know,
on the one hand, here's a board again Christian,
which is all they know.
That's the only thing they seem to care about,
other than the fact that you own eight million radio stations.
And here's all these potty mouths on here, here's Ron and Ron.
What does it say that they're doing?
Ron?
It's got little number for what each one of us are doing on here.
Let's see, Ron and Ron, where is it?
Come on, we know what's in here somewhere, Jeff.
Oh yeah, Ron and Ron, former promoters of the band-dead German tourists.
Neil Rogers is gay and Jewish,
as if that has anything to do with anything.
And Rick and Suds, whose signature word is butt load.
And Jeff, note that he evidently finds this astonishing
to think that we're still on the year here
on a radio station known by Bud Paxton.
Well, get used to it, okay?
Get over it and get used to it and get with the program,
because that's just the way it is.
There's nothing changing.
And it's amazing that he quotes me and here again,
see what we've got is we've got a whole series of articles
that keep being spawned out of the first one many, many months ago
back when the station was first sold.
And so people keep going back to,
and they keep stealing crap from other articles,
and they never talk to anybody.
And they keep making articles about it
as if to give the impression that they're on top of stuff
and they know what's going on.
Now that Paxton Communications purchase of WIOD
from Cox Enterprises is complete,
the question is whether the station's gaggle
or free speaking talk host, especially Neil Rogers,
will be a caboched by Board of Game Christian Bud Paxton.
Well, what do you think so far, Jeff?
You asshole, what do you think so far?
They just can't get it.
How many days, how many weeks, how many months,
how many years is it going to take before they get the message?
But the best part of the article is Bob Green.
Did you read this?
Yes I did.
Oh, it's so, it's so typical,
and so beautiful, and so to the point,
exactly what you'd expect.
Because keep in mind, it's not important in life that you succeed
but that people are used to work for your fail.
That's the most important thing,
not that we succeed, but that you fail.
It says in radio, ratings apparently are the highest power
as in...
Can't you, Don Jeff?
Assuming the transition to WIOD goes smoothly,
that doesn't mean an easy ride thereafter for Paxton.
So said Bob Green,
who was General Manager at the station until last Friday.
He was General Manager until last Friday.
I thought it was General Manager until at the end of the day Monday.
Well, what's one day, right? Don't get your facts right.
Jeff, just keep writing a bunch of stuff.
So said Bob Green,
Green GM at Coast and Hot 105,
described WIOD as management intensive.
Management intensive, meaning that these guys are a pain in the ass
and they need a lot of babysitting,
which is very fascinating and light of the fact that more often than not.
Remember that period of time when we had no management at all?
In between program directors,
when Boy Geary got bounced out before Steve Nichol came in,
and we had no PD,
and we were just kind of rolling long singing a song,
showing up every day.
And Bob Green was out of town more often than not,
which is often the case anyway.
And if that's the case, it's a miracle we've survived as long as we have,
because in the last four months, there has been literally virtually no management involvement,
at least from his and from Bob Green's and it's like turning the other cheek
and we hope you fail and that's it.
Although it does say it still says thanks WIOD staff on the
unmarked key out front, which we're very grateful for Bob.
He says, Paxton doesn't know what he's in for, both positive and negative,
says Bob Green.
He says, people who are talented as these people require a lot of attention
to bring out great performances and still maintain our license.
The positive is he said that Paxton's acquiring an incredible staff of people
who will take him on a ride, he'll never forget.
The downside may be they'll take him on a ride, he'll never forget.
The one thing we all know in here is that Bob Green took us on a ride,
we'll never forget.
Even the tiny bullman never had a closer bird's eye view of what it's like to be
mired deep inside the turret.
Let me tell you that Bob right now.
I mean we can forget about anything well we won't, but we could you know set aside
for the time being some of the stuff that happened like a year ago, two years ago,
three and over the last three years or so or four years.
But the last four months, this we don't forget.
As in, let's just watch you slide and see how far down you go before the toilet flushes
and if you go down with it.
Well, guess what we're still here.
How do you like that?
All of us pain in the ass guys.
And of course, who's he really talking about?
He says these people who are as talented as these, meaning who is he talking about?
There's me, there's Rick, there's suds, there's the sports guys, but he sure can't be talking about them.
Green said Phil Henry, you left WIOD on Friday to work for Cox of KF Final Los Angeles.
Eventually we'll be syndicated in South Florida, possibly on WIOD.
And we're holding our collective breaths right now.
Man, each one of us is taking good deep like right.
And that's it. Just hold it.
Hold it like Bertannin says hold it.
Not too tight.
So there's another great.
And then it goes on to talk about Pax and O'Neill and Z will go from all news to mostly news on Monday when Dr. Laura and Rush Limbaugh do their thing.
It says this lesson.
You will move from nights at WIOD and air 10 a.m. to noon and limbaugh be noon to three on a Monday through Friday,
which raises the other interesting point about the QAM people since they absolutely refuse to or don't know what's going on.
How's that Andrews asking the woods by the way?
I heard a lot of interesting stuff about that.
That's in the woods.
So anyway,
there just don't seem to be anybody telling anybody what's going on, including the people who have been told that they were going to work there.
Here's the best part.
Adding to the long list of people who allegedly were told they were going to be working at QAM, but nobody ever talked to them.
Doug McClain, coach of our Florida Panthers.
They get on the earth the other morning and announce, hey, the Doug McClain show is going to be on QAM Wednesday mornings eight to nine a.m.
Only one problem folks.
Nobody ever told Doug.
Nobody ever talked to the coach about it.
Nobody ever made a deal with the coach about it, but hey, they go on here anyway.
So I guess Jimmy syphilis is going to be working there.
Rimmer is going to be working there.
Ned Smith is going to be working there.
Everybody is going to be working there.
And now that I hear this stuff about Andrews, askin' what's going to understand why Rimmer and going to be working here.
He's too old.
So anyway, that's the latest.
We got all kinds of stuff about TCI here, which seems to be the real thing that everybody is up at arms of I got a memo here that I'm not supposed to have.
And this is not the one that was sent to me yesterday, by the way, that's in confidential and don't you dare read it.
Now, this is one that somebody sent to me who like slipped it out of there.
About how they're very concerned about their relations with the public and yada yada yada yada and custom rann amosity may get worse before it gets better.
Please continue to put the customer first philosophy to work.
It's interesting that they would put that out in a memo because yesterday I know somebody who called there.
Somebody who's got a lot of books, by the way, and called there about complaining about the TCI thing in no sports channel.
And the operator on the other end said, get the small dish in kind of a curtway and good luck to you and goodbye.
And that's it. Get the small just get the dish. Okay, and get lost.
So obviously TCI is very concerned about their customers and maintaining public relations in this community.
Before we get into that, though, here's another facts another isolated incident that only I would bring up.
Priest admits to 15 year marriage and other resigns.
St. Petersburg, a Roman Catholic priest was suspended after admitting he's been secretly married for 15 years.
And another priest resigned when church leaders learned to use $225,000 of parish money to pay off a male lover.
My sorrow is for my church, for the two priests themselves, for the people of the two parishes they have served, and for all the priests who will once again wonder if they too will be painted with a brush of infidelity.
Bishop Robert Lynch said on Tuesday, Lynch announced both scandals after the Tampa Tribune reported Tuesday.
The Reverend Patrick J. Clark of his spirit to Sanctu Catholic Church was married in 1981, but kept it a secret.
Lynch recently received a copy of the marriage license in the mail.
Lynch 52 admitted the marriage when confronted the bishop said Clark's suspension could be left that he could practice again as a priest if he decides the divorce his wife and don't spit in the bishop's push.
Clark lived in the church rectumry as wife Barbara Stone, Roman, you're living in a separate home.
The other priest, Reverend Simeon Gardner, was the pastor of St. Mary's parish in lutes, in lutes when he resigned.
Oh, this is the best. Lynch said a member of the parish came to church leaders in mid-August with suspicions that money was being taken improperly.
When officials confronted Gardner, he admitted he was using the money to pay another adult male with whom he had improper and impermissible sexual conduct.
The church turned the matter over to state officials to consider possible criminal charges for stealing the money.
This is a fact priest in lutes father old tool. God. Oh my God. Another isolated incident if there ever was one.
10 13 at W I O D. How's Jeff Nudnick doing, by the way? Is he catching on or not? I don't think so.
Talkin entertainment radio 16 W I O D 10 16 at W I D. I did mention that there's an exciting weekend coming up.
We got the panthers starting with some of you won't see of course and we got Pompato Park opening for the fall meet on like tomorrow night. How you doing Gary Sibel?
All right, Neil. How are you? Congratulations on your new endeavors here. The new general manager of Pompato Park, who's going to be wearing even more expensive suits now than ever in the past.
Well, I'll have to buy a suit. Yeah. There you go. Yes, we are indeed opening up tomorrow night. We're looking forward to a real good opening.
We have the October fest is part of our opening weekend festivities and it's going to be an awful lot of fun. Of course, the big thing we're all excited about is the beginning of card rooms on January 1st.
Right. Beginning to get set up for that as well. We got free admission tomorrow night for everybody, which I did hear your spot by the way. I won't mention on Q.A.
Am I heard that spot? And we also going to have a new track announcer. A lot of people are going to be upset.
Gary isn't going to be announcing the races anymore. He's going to be going from table to table. Shmoosing and eating other people's food. But so who's going to be Connor races?
A young man by the name of Steve Cross. He's from Saoada Downs, which as you know is also a five eighth smile track. He's familiar with a five eighth.
I heard him up a couple weeks ago at the little brown jug calling races along with our favorite announcer Roger Houston.
Have you had your if you were listening to Roger if you had your eardrums fixed yet?
As a matter of fact, my right eardrum is still blown, but we're working on that now. Roger as a matter of fact had a really bad sore throat on the day before the jug on Wednesday.
And told me the story how he went to the hospital that evening and had some kind of injections in his neck, but that's Roger telling the story.
Yeah, right. So yeah, Steve's a good young guy calls a nice race has a good voice and hopefully he'll enjoy his stay down here in South Florida.
Kind of ironic how this all turned out because you know if anybody had a crystal ball, somebody I know might have been a little bit more friendly and might have been a little bit more cooperative and might actually have wound up with that job.
And they're all blasting up on the outside Jacky Mall in the gypsy's warrior out for the early lead.
Make that out in the middle of the race track. It's a slow Joe Dave. Yeah, well, whoever it is, Jack, whoever it might be, right?
You do indeed know harness racing, though. I sure do. And when a guy calls horses go to the half mile pool six times in the same race, it must be a really long race. No wonder they're getting tired.
Well, I was a kid growing up in New York. I used to listen to Jack Lee to give you some idea how old he might be when he was great. Right. When he was good.
So anyway, setting him aside. If we can. So tomorrow night, we open at seven at seven thirty gates open at six. We got free admission for everybody in the first twenty five hundred people.
Get what they get and I tell you what, I have my keys on it right now. This really nice key chain. It's heavy. I mean, this is a quality item here. And it's got the what will be the five dollar chip in
a pompano parks card rooms. It really is a nice item. I mean, this is a nice giveaway and everybody will tour first twenty five hundred. You're going to get that tomorrow night. So good way to start out the season. I think. And the NL you won't no longer see any pompano pink around here as well.
The place looks totally different. I hope you get here in the daylight where you can really get a view of what this place looks like.
The track is not a magnificent job here fixing this place up. It is spotless from top to bottom. Great. And the dining room. Of course, we open a clubhouse.
We'll be back open again for the fall meeting and we got all our guys coming back. Wally will be back. I'm sure and Joe Pavius here already. I guess.
Yep. Joey's here. A lot of the guys are back rangers around. We have some new guys coming in. We have most of these guys are coming with between fifteen and twenty head, which is good.
Rick Plano who's been racing at Vernon Downs in the state and Virgil Morgan Jr. a guy that races out in Ohio.
And he had one of the heat winners in a little brown jug of horse by the name of Metropolis. Right. Vicki Howard is an owner of Bobby Inman's.
The trainer they're coming from the meadows. Uh oh. Dean Collins. By the way, an Ohio horseman who at one time was the caretaker of Ramblin Willey.
You remember the horse that God loved Bob Farrington. Uh it's right. Rick Hercules another guy coming and you're one of your favorite guys. Jeff Gregory is going to be back.
All right. Oh, that's a man. Exactly. So it looks like Kevin Wallace will be back when Hazel Park closes in a couple of weeks.
If he doesn't have too much money by that time boy. He is just I've been watching on the dish Hazel Park and he had five winners on Tuesday night.
He didn't have any in the first six races five out of the last seven. He's breaking every record in history and he started there as you know because he was here late.
He started a month late in the meeting and he's just a zillion wins ahead everybody. He really isn't. I've been looking at his stats up at Hazel Park this summer and he's driven not every race but pretty close to it at an incredible batting average.
Yeah. So Kevin's coming back. All the main guys are coming back. We're looking forward to a great season. We have also increased the purses because the dark night
is like a semi casting this summer has allowed us to do that. Yeah, we're done very well. Yeah, really did. I mean we have increases up to 29% in certain categories.
17 five claimers are going for 29% more that pod is now up to $6,200. The 10 claimers going from 3,200 to 4,500. That's the 29% increase.
So here's an across the board increase of about 20% right through. So beautiful. And that will go up throughout the season.
Okay, looking forward to it. I'll see you tomorrow night. The fat man you can be sure will be the first one through the gates. So give the inspection and the certify everything is kosher.
Well, no, have to go into the kitchen. I guess to check that there you know that's a no no for him for rich. No, no, no, no for the kitchen or the mutual.
Yeah, kind of bad when he started to you know tasting the soup with a finger before everybody else got to that. I think that was the last straw.
Well, we're ready for you or ready for wrench and everybody else that would love to come out tomorrow looking forward to seeing everybody.
We'll be there. Thanks a lot, Gary. Take care. See you tomorrow night. Bye bye. Gary said well. The new general manager, a pomp and a park. Great guys been around for a long time.
Here he's been a track announcer for many, many years. And now he you know, deservedly so gets bumped up to a higher post and we're going to have a really good meet.
You can just feel it. You can smell it. It's going to be great. Okay, 7519 463 and day 524 W. I would be in proud. I got this TCI stuff.
I want to get into a great life because I know as the moments draw closer to to to to to to to to Saturday night.
And the Panther opener in Philadelphia, by the way, wait till you hear this.
Wait till you hear this. Guess who's supposed to be who's invited himself on the show again tomorrow morning for two hours. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute with the promise that he is grown. Okay, I know. I wish he could see the look on your face and the way you give me that.
And I am just a skeptical if not more so than you are that he is growing up here is going to come in here and go ballistic until all of stories behind a story.
And I don't even want to mention his name for fear of losing the audience. Here's a point in the cello. That was beautiful. Okay, whatever it was. It was beautiful. Here's yes. Hi. Yes. Hello, Neil.
I thought that was on the phone. Yes. George is now doing just news drop-ins for Rimmer. Yes.
I am just calling to say hello and good morning. I think you're the funniest man in the whole world. Yeah.
This must be one of the coxist. And I got my men on 15 laps just right before that man called just now in that article you read.
Yeah. I was laughing so hard I could not. Well, you really I peed my pants when I read it this morning. That way I had to put on plastic underwear just to keep reading it over and over again about Bob Green says this and Bob Green says that.
And it's a very management intensive thing. We require a lot of attention, which is interesting because they're never here anyway. So what's all the attention?
And then the one about the Cardinals or the whoever was so funny with you. How about how about the priest in lutes?
The priest. Were all those Bible thumping Yahoo's are over there in lutes all those righteous Yahoo's. And here's a a a bag priest over there in lutes who's been ripping off the church so we could pay for his little whatever you had going on.
So typical more isolated incidents, ma'am. Just remember that. Okay. No, I love you. So God bless you sweetheart and have a great day. And God bless you have no Nick too over there at the scum Sentinel. Okay, whatever his name is higher power.
W. I. D. Ray. No, we're in business here to convert the world is what we're in business here for Jeff. We're here to say a prayer by Ruhatah or Nai Cox a hoist.
Oh, I mean the stuff that you read in a course, it's so typical. It fits in like a rubber glove. It fits in beautifully too bad. The Yankees by the way pulled it out last night.
Texas had a nice four to one leading that game. Did I tell you one Gonzalez is God. Boys, he good to tremendous home runs. One, it was just fair, but nonetheless it counts.
And they had a four one lead. They blew it and lost it in 12 innings with a throwing year or five to four. But the Yankees are like they're on the ropes man. They're like hanging on by their toenails.
And of course the Orioles like I told you and it's going to be interesting to see what happens today with the Alamo are thing because now he's dropped his appeal.
And the union says Donald fear says the only thing we have to fear is me. He says that the suspension never would go out of the playoffs anyway.
It would always have to be in a regular season. So there never was any chance of him sitting out the playoffs.
And whether the umpires are going to sit still for this or not or wait till next to you the first five games. Who knows only the Lord knows and we don't know who he's betting on yet.
1026 at W I O D talking entertainment radio.
16 W I O D 1031 at W I O D God bless you children. We have very slow start here this morning on a phone. Looks like it's going to really be deadly.
But then again I can take a lot of time and read all the memos there from TCI cable about how they really have your best interest at heart.
Here's the Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing?
I'm sorry game last night a replay on the dish. Yeah, I'm a double fan, but I'm fortunately here in Miami.
Half a half. Yeah, I'm circumcised. Yeah, telling to put it away. Okay. Tell me to put it back in his pantaline.
I saw a replay game with my friends on the D. I know was it was the Jersey and Detroit. It was the fact that you know,
I'm a loser going like a mad dog. He's an animal. He's a jackass. Huh?
Well, you're busted in and send everybody. Yeah. Hold on one second.
Hello, me. Yes. That thing is unbelievable. What investment? I got the 18 inch last night. Yeah. In the dish too.
Well, I don't know why people aren't out there buying them like crazy and I did hear more misinformation by the way this morning on QAM.
Maybe if they talked to the guy from sports channel like we did yesterday instead of just sitting there and guessing,
maybe they would know that yes, it is going to be on the small dish and they're praying that the first game will be on.
And also they would know that at midnight Friday night, tomorrow night that all these cable companies like Continental and the Jones and some of these others will have the sports channel.
Right. Other than TCI, which is busy screwing people. Yeah, we live down south and we've got a Delphiocable.
Let me tell you something. That is the pits. They are the worst. The absolute worst. Yeah. But the reception is so clear.
And I picked up the NHL center rice along with the other sports package that they offer for like 100 and pick it to 140.
Right. All the regional sports channels are primed network and all the other ones. And it's a bargain. I'm telling you. From 100 bucks a year, you've got access to everything.
Clarity is unbelievable. Took me a couple hours in the stall and we're home free. I'm great. That's the way to go.
It's a baroque investment. I heard that the Sony is a lot faster than the RCA. I picked the Sony.
A lot faster with what with the the brain like the actual receiver like you're changing from channel to channel.
There's no like a lack. There's no. You know, you're. How long does it take it takes like a second? I don't know. I mean my the Sony's like super fast.
Even if you input like 313 enter or whatever have you. I mean you're there. You don't have to press enter on a small dish.
Period. No, you don't not on the RCA. Well, I've got the Sony.
Well, like I said, so the so the extra time it takes for you to press the extra button is the only different.
Well, you know, I'm glad you like what you got, but believe me that it's not a consideration.
The RCA even the first generation, which is what I got. It changes one channel to next in a heartbeat in addition to which all of as you know,
the hockey games are like all right next to each other. The baseball pack and the same with the football and all the sporting events so that you can just really go up and down and scan for
to see what's going on all the different games or or punch in the number which everyone you want to do. But I mean it's that's not a consideration.
Exactly. Well, we've been listening to you for years and you know, we finally get enough cash to buy it and for 400 bucks.
It's a great investment. There you go. Neil, you got hang on a second. Yeah.
A Neil. Yes, sir. One more thing. There's a room. We're going around in my gym. Yeah. That room is looking for steroids.
Okay, but he could use him. He could use him. He could use him. Okay, get out of here.
Okay, that was Denise Popman on the phone. We have really a wicked start here this morning. All the day lines are wide open.
7519 463 to enbrouwered 524 W I O D to want to green lines. I get what is this going to be in every other day kind of a thing.
Get used to it, man. Monday was great yesterday sensational Tuesday was a suicide inducing day. And I think today again,
but hey, we just keep plotting right along as long as Jeff did that keeps putting my picture in the paper and stupid articles.
We just keep plotting right along. Keep doing it, pal. Here's plantation. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I was wondering when you were talking with the name Gary Cidell. Is it?
Cidell, yes. What was he talking about? Card room. What does that have to do with on January 1st?
Starting January 1st, there will be card rooms at Pompeydo Park for, you know, poker.
For money, huh? Yeah. Oh, great. For money, right? And, um, uh, Kevin Wallace, he won't be there tomorrow, right?
No, he will not. He's just still got a couple weeks to go at Hazel Park. Who's who's a who's a good jockey that will be there tomorrow?
Good. Jockey. There will be no jockeys there. We have drivers there. We have any jockeys. Well, I don't know much about Hornets.
Rally, Hennessy, Bruce Ranger, Joe Pavia. We got some outstanding drivers there. Okay. And, um, what's going to ask you?
Um, yes. Do you think that the, um, the Panthers will try and pick up a score since the average is going to be out for two to three weeks?
I don't hear anything about that. I haven't heard any indication that we are on the verge of getting anybody or that we're, I don't, I don't see it.
Are you surprised that they didn't go go after anybody, a center or a winger during the off season?
No, I'm not because they're, first of all, there wasn't that much available out there at a reasonable price that we're going to be willing to pay.
And secondly, Brian Murray doesn't want to give up all these good young players we've got. Right. And what about, what about Primo? Did he stay with Detroit?
The rumor is that he, the rumor I heard yesterday is that latest deal is Primo and Paul coffee to Hartford for Brendan Shanahan.
Oh, right. But some of the Detroit players are a little nervous about having Brendan and Detroit because he just can't control a stick.
Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. Look at this phone bank. Maybe we got the one mobile here and then we go to Louise. Hello, WYOD.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? How you feeling? I'm feeling great. Feeling great. Surprising. You would all the, you see the Malalukas kicking my butt.
Yeah. You see him driving a nice 75. No, I did not. I don't have any Malalukas, man. They're like trapped them all down.
No, it's terrible. Yeah. Terrible terrible thing. Anyway, I can't wait for hockey season to start.
I'll put apart. Yeah, it's a good weekend. It could be great, great.
I can see the excitement level here is phenomenal. I can see it right now. You can feel it. These people are like can't even control themselves.
Yeah, but I got Jones. So I'll be able to watch it. Right? Sure. You got it. In fact, I got the memo right here from the Jones people that says one moment, please.
Jones, Intercable and sports channel Florida and I was multi year carriage agreement and it says at midnight on Friday.
Jones cable will click that baby on. Well, I'm going to stay up just to make sure there you go. It says, says Davey sister launched the service.
October 5th at another words midnight for tomorrow night. Very good in play time for the game. Can I call somebody to back? Yes, sir?
I tied your folks brain to back. Okay, have a good one and back to you. Okay, that clears out our busy board there. That's the end of this 1037.
And that's the end of our show today. Like I said, I consider and read all the memos from TCI, which would kill some good time.
But that's really not the purpose of the show 751 W I O D in day five, two, four, nine, four, six, three and Broward and one eight hundred nine, four, four, nine, four, six, three.
You know, on Monday, I had this false sense of security that now that we had run and run on there in the morning, we were going to have this phenomenal lead in that there was going to be just this, this ongoing,
continue weight. You know what I'm saying? This continuing thing where the phones were just going to be smoking and right into Rick and suds and right through the entire broadcast day.
It would be like not having to jumpstart at any given point of the day. Right. Here's the purple line again. Hello. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. Hey, Nail. How you doing? Okay. Well, first off, congratulations on the switch. Can't be anything, but positive.
Well, if we had an audience that was awakened alive, that would really put me on top of the world, but we don't want to overdo it. We did too well yesterday, so we don't want to do two days in a row.
I'm driving, but that doesn't particularly mean I'm awake or alive. Yeah, question about cigars. What's the right to correct humidity for for cigars?
I haven't got any idea because I don't I don't have a human or an ordinary cigar freak. Now I'm just wondering with all the humidity down here, if it's even necessary.
I would talk to if what's necessary to have a human or to keep them humidified. It is if you have AC because that D humidity. Yeah, that's right.
Unless you're living outside, you got a problem. You know, if you're living outdoors, no problem at all. Okay.
You're living under an overpass, but of course, you're living under an overpass, talking to your forwards of garrists. Well, you have a lot less overhead. That's true.
All right. Who could I call 70 70 and 70? That's what somebody just called in for some puffer.
Professional puffer. That's what I needed to know. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot. Best of luck. Okay. Blow some good ones.
Okay, we have two open lines in day. It's 7519463. One on a purple line, pound IOD 2 and Broward 17 on the green lines, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc.
Unbelievable. So like I said, I sure like that Roberto Alamar. And it's interesting last night when they did have Donald Fira on the Yankee Ranger game.
It's interesting that on the one hand, Tom Watts's name, Brennan was talking the one side of the story about how it was inexcusable.
What he did and people were a gas and a gasp and a gap. But on the other hand, the other guy who was with Brennan, who I have no idea who he wasn't really blows.
But he made a good point to Donald Fira too about the baiting by the umpires. They addressed that issue. And the fact that it's been going on for years and something needs to be done about it.
And that's definitely got to be addressed. So we're not saying nobody here has said that Alamar was right to spit in anybody's face.
But on the other hand, what started it, baby? And they keep showing at replay over and over and over again.
F you, F you, F you, F you, F you. There it is. You can't say it, but boy, if you got to be duff, duff, dumb and blind, not to see what they'll or say.
Back and forth, F you, I feel too. F you. Great. There's good family entertainment that all the kids can enjoy.
Here's a lady mobile and bokeh. Hello.
I am a living, breathing and female while hallelujah.
I don't mean to reiterate the paper. I just started listening to you. But always a point of the article today in the lifestyle section of sunset.
I haven't got any idea. You know, I made reference to it. You and I must be the only ones who sought because nobody else got anything out of it or has anything to say about it as usual.
I think the essence is that Jeff Nudden who writes this column just can't believe that Bud Paxen is letting us do our things.
Yeah. I think a lot of these people were sitting back waiting to rub their hands in glee and expecting them to clamp down on us and stop us from doing our act, which was never the intent from the beginning.
I didn't find it funny. How they're going to change the number to whatever W W God or whatever that it's right WG O D right.
That was really funny or to Neil. Yeah. That would be good. Yeah. That was really funny. And then did you believe in the lifestyle section on the front page that left column?
I would forget that guy's name. I think he's not one of your favorites. Ray wretched. Yeah. Yeah. He wrote about the situation between Al Mar.
Yeah. I'm glad you brought that up because I forgot about him, which is easy to do. He wrote a really stupid as usual in sip and column.
And the essence of it is that our kids. I thought he had a point though. I really did. What's that? Well, here's this girl who's 10 years old. Doesn't he or he years old. Doesn't even take the stupid pills.
No, no, I'm not talking about that part. I'm talking about what you're referring to the part about the the Alamar incident. And he says, and here kids are seeing all these people cheering a guy who's bitten somebody's face. What's the message?
I think in that case, the message is that they respect this guy that they like him a lot. And the fact is that they before they were booing and curing him in the batting practice.
So a lot of people did boo him, but you don't hold something like that against someone for the rest of their lives. And you don't condemn them. And you don't, you know, everybody can lose control. Everybody can make a mistake.
He didn't steal or freight train. He didn't hit anybody. He didn't kill anybody and life goes on. Exactly. But the point what I was just trying to say is that the girl gets a 10 days suspension and he gets a five.
Yeah. So I mean, you know, what I don't know how about Michael Irvin. He's coming back this week. I mean, all he was doing was screwing around with a bunch of hookers and doing cocaine and stuff like that.
He got five games. And of course football. They don't play as many games so people would say, well, that's pretty pretty stiff penalty. What kind of a penalty is that for a guy who was in all the crap that he was? And the fans will cheer him and life will go on.
That's exactly right. And Albert Bell. Same way. Right. Exactly. So I guess we because Bobby Alamara lost control for a couple of seconds there for whatever reason and did something that's totally inexcusable.
Therefore, he's in the same category with these other people with guys who are doing dope and screwing around on their wives. Hallelujah.
And do you happen to see them? I think they really ought to show it a few more times.
Yeah. You see the Michael Jordan interview last night. I saw about two minutes of it. I made the mistake as I was scanning through of dropping areas. His head is so shiny that it was blinded by the light.
And the earring was big enough to hang most people's laundry on. So yeah, I saw it second or two of it. And then he was on there. I'm king plugging his perfume line. Here's the guy that's his cologne line. He's making $25 million for playing basketball.
And now he's out there with a line of cologne for men. Smell just like me. My friend is a corporate attorney in Chicago and he represents a law firm that handles a lot of his cases.
Yeah. But apparently he's got like this king thrown chair in his boardroom. And he'll come in there and put pants and not shirt on. And he's known to barely be closed during a lot of these meetings.
He's like King Thompson and a chair. Hallelujah. I'm going to bow down in the rubber's ball spots if I get $5 million. Have a great taste. Bye. Bye.
Open line and date 751. Oh, there's Brendan Shanahan there on the ice. What are they talking about here? Did we make the deal yet or not? There's Shanahan with Hartford on the ESPN. Well, we don't know what's going on because we don't have the audio up.
Anyway, two open lines in Broward 5249463. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. How you doing? Okay, sir? I have a David Lashers by report. I don't know if anybody's reported it. He's on another show now. He's on what show? It's clueless. The show of the movie. Yeah, on Fridays at 9 o'clock. Okay. No, just just you know that he's not on. You can't watch him on blossom. And now you can watch him on another show. Is he naked? No. He plays like a high school kid. So how was it? Okay, pal.
That's a good news. Okay, we get all the good stuff for you here. Two open lines in day 751 to in Broward 524. I guess nobody else out there cares about the TCI thing. Nobody is interested in that. And the interesting part of their memos, which may or may not be accurate, but it says they're getting 30 to 33 calls a day.
So if allegedly there are all these Panther fans and all these cable subscribers and they've got two to 300,000 subscribers in day to Broward locked in there with TCI. If the real are all these people who are pissed off, I'll tell you one thing. You're sure as hell not calling them 1045 at WIOD.
Unbelabeled.
Say goodbye to Aaron someers say hi to Ron and Ron. They're gonna work for taxes. Are you?
And that's a matter of facts. They're gonna work for taxes. Are you sure? But Neil ain't changing his act.
Taxes and upon again Christian.
Oh, he wants to change the stations.
Letters. The WGOT now will work for taxes.
They're good.
Taxes he's the plan.
Taxes.
Taxes he's gone on work for taxes.
Taxes.
Taxes he'll make the sign of the cross.
So listen to your about that priest in lutes. It's 1048 at WIOD. We got a couple of open hearts.
Indeed. 7519463 751 WIOD.
Baby, it's gonna be great. It's gonna be sensational when we get in that new studio. The audience will still be a bunch of stiffs, but we're gonna be having a great time.
Here's a mobile in what? How the hell can that be? In Coco Beach? Hello?
Come on. You're slapping my thigh.
I just left Coco Beach and the holiday in, man. You were coming in loud and clear.
They must have cranked that thing up to at least 50 watts now.
It works. It's better than QAM.
Beautiful. This way till we get our new transmitter.
Another one.
Hey, now the alarm of the situation in the urban situation is you're right. They're not the same.
Irving should have been thrown out of a league.
Right.
And he got five games and I'll say it again. Baseball is 162 and football is only 16.
So there is a difference there, but nevertheless, I mean five games is five games.
And how do you make a comparison between it two?
Guy lost his temper during the heat of an argument, spitting a guy's face, inexcusable, unacceptable, but it wasn't like the end of the world.
And as other guys out there doing just grotesque things, cheating on his wife, screwing around, doing cocaine, and he gets five games.
And now I bring them back and let's arm with the game.
He should have been taught.
Amen. Amen.
Okay, pal. Have a great life.
Shoot him and come, but he'll be back this weekend.
I guarantee you when he comes out there, those Dallas fans, man, they'll be cheering.
I don't know who they're playing or where they're playing. It's coming weekend.
But where if it is, I hope they lose their ass.
They just barely wriggle off against the hobbling eagles the other night.
So I have a feeling that they could be right for it.
And I didn't hear skip bailiffs with Ron and Ron yesterday. I wish I would have heard it.
Evidently, it was on early.
But from what he had to say about Barry Swisher, he's not exactly what people think he might be other than a sleaze bag.
And I don't think we heard too much about Troy Ekman and his boyfriends, but that may be coming next time.
Or maybe they will be.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Uncle Neil.
Yes. How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I've been listening to you for about 15 years now.
Yes.
And I'm from Detroit and I have some friends of mine that know Dick Perkins as he knows you real well.
Yes. He does.
And I was out to dinner the other night with some friends.
I know, Dick.
You know, Dick, he used to work with you, didn't he?
He did.
And I was a lot of...
Whatever you say, I mean, I'll just go along with what you say.
Okay. Well, anyway, I was out to dinner.
I was out to dinner the other night with a bunch of my friends.
You know, I was telling them, you know, I've been listening to you for about 15 years.
Yeah.
You can tell I might come down here.
Right.
And these guys are telling me he says, you know, he says that boy nearly says, you know,
he's been taking in the ass for 40 years now.
And I'm just wondering if there's any truth to this.
That's cute.
Is it cute?
That's really cute.
What is there any truth to it?
No.
No, I don't think Dick has either.
You don't think?
How about you, have you?
No, I don't.
You sound like you just not with that scratchy voice like you may not make the new year.
No, I just woke up right now.
Yeah, evidently on the right side of bed.
No, no.
Okay, pal.
Alright.
Don't drop the vacillant.
We have an open line in day, at 7519, for the...
You know who that must be?
That must be that same asshole from Detroit that got the bug up his ass about Kevin Wallas.
That's what got him started today.
That's the guy.
That's the guy that Kevin Wallas had her.
Guess what?
Kevin didn't get in any trouble in Windsor.
Kevin isn't being suspended.
Kevin is winning races like Crazy.
One five more at Hazel Park Tuesday, which I've seen myself on the satellite.
And he's going to be down here and probably lead all the drivers again.
Which we just love, okay?
So look out for your own record.
And don't worry about mine, okay?
Everything's just fine.
Two open lines on the green lines.
1-800-944-9463.
A little slow, and of course you sounded like scratchier than usual.
And doesn't sound like he's going to be around too much longer.
Damn it.
Here's a Davy on a purple line.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, check this out.
I'm sure you heard about this quote out of the scum sentinel.
Yeah.
Are Mickey Harrison?
No, I did not hear it.
Okay, here's what it says.
I really would have no choice to...
He's moving out.
He's leaving us.
He's leaving the other thread.
And if the Miami Arena continues to be controlled by Heising and Management Company,
I have no choice to sell or move teams.
Right.
He said that he's been saying that all along.
This is the new deal.
He's making the big threats and either you're going to vote for the thing,
or I'm moving.
Thank God Wayne never, you know, yanked a survive like that or lied about them.
I'm glad when you're going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Howard Coney would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Say, thank God that Wayne is a man of his word and you never change his mind
and the yanked a survive to make threats.
Another thing.
TCI.
Yeah.
Call them.
Same thing.
Go get the little dish.
You know something?
Oh, they really told you that?
They told me that.
That's very nice.
Go get the look.
I said, what do I have to do?
Get a dish.
And the lady says, well, the little dish has it.
I said, three, you telling me to go get it?
She said, well, we're not going to have it.
Oh, she said, we're not going to have it?
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
All right.
Let's hear it for TCI.
Oh, I got this memo again right in front of me that says they're so concerned about
public relations.
It says, although customer animosity may get worse before it gets better as the season
begins and we still have no agreement, please continue to put the customer first philosophy
to work and letting the customer know that we're trying to bring the service to the customers
who want it without having to require those who don't want it to pay for it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Customers first, right?
Go buy a dish.
I love it.
You got to love it.
Hey, remember, I got a bag of it.
And don't bother Ross.
Just go buy a dish because we can't do it for you.
Unbelievable.
I remember back a month ago, you said that you had a Mickey Ererson.
And asshole song.
Yeah.
You wouldn't let you play it.
Oh, yeah.
Do we still have that, George?
Can you play that on the news nuggets?
Oh, it's going to be on Niels nuggets.
November 1st went at the stuff.
Oh, it's filthy.
That's right.
We're not going to put it on here.
Oh, you can't play that.
But it'll be on the CD.
You can go out and buy it.
On your nuggets.
It'll be on my nuggets.
Oh, man.
And that last guy too, if he's got any.
We'll find out if rumors got any tomorrow.
This is going to be a pretty exciting.
Remember, go get some nuggets.
Yeah, go grow up here.
I'm chicken McNugget.
Okay.
See you.
That's right.
It's not that far away today.
It is October turd.
And come on November 1.
Less than a month away.
We'll have all our CDs and cassettes out for center one.
And the best news is, at least the best news to me since he was nice
enough to do it for us.
Phil Henry put a whole bunch of stuff together.
He and Andy compiled another best of Phil thing.
And now the fact that he's not here anymore.
The only way you're going to hear is a lot of Phil Henry great stuff is to buy that CD.
Come November 1.
So I think that's probably going to be the big best seller.
We got another best of Niels.
That's the best one ever got great stuff on it.
And we also got Niels nuggets.
Which has stuff that we can't play on the air.
It's got stuff that we're tired of playing on the air like the bridge tender.
And Jack in a box in that crap.
Crap.
Crap.
Crap.
The Crap.
The Crap.
On sensor is on there.
You might even hear a little.
Or two.
Here at 1055 at WIOD.
Talk in entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I'm Mike Paxton.
Sky White 610 WIOD.
I'm Tom Roberts.
Sky White 610 WIOD.
Uh huh.
Alex Bennett Steve K. Nick Lauren Scotting.
Scott H. A. B. Mike.
Glora Scott Schwartz.
Herman and McBeam.
Gail Bright.
Coleman Chandler.
Sandy B. Lee.
Boehrs and Gwen Wild Steve.
Stasel Thones Forget Bill Wise.
Chermahoney Johnny Dolan.
Aileen Epstein.
Amos Gobo.
And Hummel Stan.
Major Darzy McIntyre.
The prize-daring Larry Pymor.
Cummys Fort Sharon Francis.
Joan Hans.
Sister Squeeze Hill and the Farrah Park.
We can't forget the people.
Though we try to hide them.
And forget we knew them.
They used to work beside us.
Even though this time they made us lose our minds.
And we barrel with Alprent and Dean Gary Bruce Jeff Clark.
Johnny Darken Joseph Gackie.
Oh!
Hey!
Goldberg McGreen, Marvin Roman Warming.
We're definitely Lewis Quinn and we're just going to forget.
We are all the people.
Who are still here working.
And Neil still working.
We are all the people.
Who are out there giving just a major living.
I would like to exterminate rabbits.
What's up, Doc?
And we're out there giving just a major living.
We are all...
This is Fred Rogers of Mr. Rogers' neighborhood.
Not so loud, Fred.
You might wake the kids up, cut the crap.
Love it a clock right on the Schneider on WIOD.
Look at this. This is just beautiful.
I noticed by the way that maybe the audience is just oblivious.
We haven't had anybody calling yet.
Not even any old Yent is saying,
Oh, gee, where's the news?
We'd like to know what's going on.
Nobody.
I mean, how often can you repeat the same stupid news anyway?
We know what's going on.
We know all the crap out there that's going on.
Enough is enough already.
We know that same stupid news.
And so what kind of loosens it up a little bit and gives us more time to sit here and beg for phone calls and have a great time.
And we're loving it.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil God.
Yes, I am.
What's with these journalists, man?
You're analysts?
Yeah, right.
Why can't they just see that you guys are with the people who are here.
Right.
I mean, nothing's going to stop.
Well, they're trying to make a story out of something that doesn't exist.
In other words, they're looking for a hook.
They're trying to say, oh, a lot of, you know, Paxton's born again.
And there was all the speculation, mostly by them anyway, that once he took over.
I mean, does anybody really think that any of us would have stayed here?
If we were going to have to sit here and like read from the Bible on here every day, what were they thinking about?
I don't know.
What are they thinking about?
We're going to turn this into a religious station.
Isn't there more better stuff to write about or make stories about?
Evidently not.
I thought you were going to say better stuff, yeah.
Yeah, almost.
Well, close.
I don't blame you.
I think, well, I think they are writing about what you almost said.
Yeah.
A lot of shots.
I have a question for you.
I did you like the quotes from Bob Green though about how, you know, we have a lot of heavy management has to be involved.
Yeah.
And we might take Paxon on a ride of his life for good or for worse.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Right.
But anyway.
But anyway, I got to say, I was wondering about Jesus.
What do I like?
So, yeah.
What exactly, I mean, what was the story?
He just went with the package.
I never got the before.
You know something.
If I could tell you 100% positively sure, I'd be the first one to tell you.
I mean, everybody's got a different opinion.
I don't think in this case that what you see is what you get.
I think that for whatever reason the Paxon people didn't take Phil's contract that they didn't take him on here.
That's the only thing that we can gather.
And at the Cox people said, well, let's hang on to him because he's a good talent and we'll find him a thing somewhere in the organization.
And they had an opening out of KFI and LA and they put him on out there.
And that's the best I can determine.
Okay.
Because you see way back in May when the announcement was made to the radio station when Paxon had the press conference,
one of the first things he announced was that Aaron Summers wasn't going to be with us and Phil Henry wasn't going to be with us.
Which at the time, I thought, oh, it's you, why are they doing this?
Because now Phil's going to be a lame duck for four months and it's going to be really rough and it was.
Yeah.
So obviously at that time they wanted everybody to know for whatever reason that he was not going to be here.
I can't understand that.
That seems like a really good one.
Not unless we can not unless we can see Brian Cox's fine hands somewhere in the middle of that, that hold often thing.
Yeah, I'm serious.
Well, one more question.
Yes, sir.
Uh, cheese.
Keep coming back to him again.
Yeah, right.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Have a great day.
Okay. Maybe he'll tell you the answer.
We have an open line at Broward 5249463524WID and a big pair in Broward and in the green line, whatever the place is.
So what's the story on this?
So were you telling me or were Steve telling me?
Steve Nichol was telling me about the phone set up over there.
We still have the purple line.
We still have our three day three Broward and we still have 800 to the line.
So all about we've been threatening Palm Beach that they might get cut off.
They knew better.
We couldn't cut them off.
I mean, just for Paul Harvey Jr.
You marked my words.
He'll be on there in a heartbeat.
75 what is it?
1 800 94494631800 Paul Harvey Jr. God.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Good.
Hey, I'm going to miss that Neil God off your CD.
Yeah.
What do you call it that bit?
You're not going to miss it.
We're just put a little bleep in there every now and then.
So when we get psychotic.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah.
I really did.
Hey, listen the other day when Brian Norkross called in.
I was talking to Rick and Sud.
Yes.
It's it.
I heard Todd Tungan calling yesterday.
I guess all the lightweight weather guys are calling Rick and Suds now.
And I heard Todd telling Rick that Brian's the one to set up down here in Key West.
He said he's got a real in there, so to speak.
Well, someone called it.
Whatever that means.
Someone called you up and said he was in real tight down here in Key West.
Yeah.
And he got him in.
I hear.
Yeah.
But someone called you.
I believe in said that he said the afterward.
Yeah.
And what he said is he said, I hate to call up and mock up MUCK your afternoon.
Oh, my God.
He hates to call and mock.
That's what he said.
Unbelievable.
But getting back to the sport situation with.
Not that you have to suck.
Yeah.
Warmuck.
Right.
Devo had some interesting insights last night.
About what?
When he was talking about the situation and how it's so inappropriate for the umpires to even consider.
Right to strike.
And I think he really kind of hid on it.
You know, they don't have an option.
You know.
Well, you know, it's interesting.
Last night they were saying, oh, yeah, well, we can do it anyway even though our contract prevents us from doing it.
So what the hell does that mean?
Exactly.
That means take the contract and wipe your rectum with it because we're not going to live up to it.
That's like what I think it was Reagan did with the flight controllers.
Right.
Just fired him.
That's right.
Boom across the board.
He was a hell of a guy.
Wasn't he that Reagan?
He didn't care about unemployment as long as it wasn't his.
Now, of course, he can't remember any of that.
That's true.
What was that?
Right.
But anyway, you're family starved to death and they died while I was in office.
Well, I don't remember being in office.
So what's that all about?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What contrast?
What drugs?
What CIA?
Exactly.
What is the deal?
How come people just can't get over the situation with this with the drug deals?
I mean, how long have we been now fighting drugs?
30 years?
Yeah.
And we are going to know 30 seconds.
We are not fighting drugs.
That's the biggest farce in history.
Well, don't you understand that the whole DEA, the whole all of the app, app,
for asparagus of the drug, the anti-drug organization of the government.
All it is is just it's keeping jobs for people.
That's all.
That's right.
It's employment.
It just does two things.
It's good public relations because it makes it look like the government's out there
to get all the drugies.
And number two, it employs a lot of people, a ton of people.
Right.
And number three, it cost the taxpayers a lot of money.
I just think it increases their national debt.
Right.
That's right.
They're not fighting drugs.
They know nothing about fighting drugs.
It's a joke.
It's a farce.
It's a mockery.
And anybody who doesn't believe that the CIA was up to their ass and Eric had a
subversive activity, including the Kennedy assassination and the drugs, is a moron.
Exactly.
It's like the speeding laws.
Did you hear yesterday Rick and Suz were going over that?
No.
They've increased the penalty for the at the state level, the state troopers now for speeding.
For when they catch you now, the levels of speeding are, you know, it's like from one to nine miles an hour,
went up to 25 bucks and from 10 to 15 went up to like, oh, oh, thank God the governor ain't going to run out of the pro-sec before it runs out of time.
Thank the Lord.
As though they're, you know, they really need to look for something to do.
They need another source of revenues, what they need. They don't need more to do.
They need another source of revenue.
It's a joke.
Law enforcement in the state of Florida has to do basically with one thing only,
and that is getting revenue for the county, for the cities and for the state.
That's it.
That's it. It's not about speeding.
It's not about safety and it's not about serious crime.
Because that's dangerous.
I was in Cooper City this morning.
Yeah.
Well, that's dangerous.
Oh, tell me.
And I was driving through, I guess it was a speed sign.
I didn't see the sign. It was a school phone.
Uh-oh.
And they had three cops there just sitting there.
You think it nailed it, yeah?
Not this time.
Oh, I was watching my rear, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
But getting back to the sports situation, you're right.
There is absolutely no parity.
I mean, for, you know, for what the, you know, I want to tell you something.
The reason, the response and all the verbiage that's going on about the spitting incident,
so far outweighs all the stuff that was said about the Michael Irvin episode.
Yeah.
It's not even, there's no comparison.
So in other words, America can handle a guy screwing around with a bunch of hookers,
even if he's married, they can handle a guy who's doing cocaine or whatever drugs he might, you know,
a, a, a variety of smorgasborded drugs.
That's okay.
Right.
But if you're spitting somebody's face, now you're really done.
So you crossed the line, man.
Now I'm pissed off and you're an asshole.
If this had to do that, what is that all about?
If this had happened in the 50s or the 60s, nothing would have been said about it.
Although I did notice he sprayed him pretty good.
You notice that?
No, I did.
You noticed that the first 600 times I saw it, but he sprayed him pretty good.
Maybe he was practicing.
So the moral of the, exactly.
So the moral of the story is if you're going to spray somebody, he spritz him real good.
Right.
Cover him, baby.
Right.
And then go get an AIDS test.
Just like the, just like the insects, if you're going to spritz him and, uh, douse him.
Well, I'm looking forward to you coming up here to Hollywood.
We are too, man.
In fact, we're going up this afternoon to check out the new adjoin.
Excellent.
And the place too.
Well, I, I, I would like to hear you, you know, that, uh, Neil God CD, that's cool.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
See you.
Not today, though.
Open line of Broward 5249463524WID and two on the green lines 1 800 944.
I think somebody owes me an apology and bokeh by the way.
Somebody up there with a Delphi, uh, Philadelphia cable or whatever the hell it is.
That guy that called yesterday and had the misinformation from some misinformed telephone operator who didn't know her ass from her elbow.
And then we get our friend, Richard on there from sports channel Florida, who gives the correct information.
And this guy had everybody up there in bokeh panicking all along and of course a lot of the panther players live up there in bokeh.
Although I think if, uh, if Brandon Shanahan were to come here, they'd probably move far away.
It's, uh, I don't want to get into that thing.
Okay, at least not today.
Do I?
So how's Andrew's ass in woods, by the way?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just got off the line with, uh, direct TV.
Oh.
And inquired about sports channel being available down in this area.
Yes.
And they looked it up and went to a supervisor and said that sports channel is being blacked out in our area.
It's not available from direct TV and the only, uh, sports programming channel that's available is the Sunshine Network.
That's, uh, baloney.
What, what do you mean it's being blacked out?
They, it's not one of those channels that you can access on the small.
Not yet.
We discussed that with, uh, with a guy from his fourth channel yesterday.
And did they say it was going to be available?
They said it will be available.
All they're doing is looking for a, eh, see this is the problem when you, because I've talked to people in direct TV too.
They don't know their answer from their elbow.
You're right.
When you talk to these people who answered telephones, whether it's at your cable company, whether it's at the, uh, your satellite, uh, programming service, they don't know what they're talking about.
No.
And I, I could give you, I could waste our time and give you hours and hours of stories, both on the big dish and the small dish of talking to people who are just phone operators who don't have any idea what they're talking about.
Well, maybe somebody will call in who knows what they're talking about.
No, they know that he already already did yesterday.
And he promised me that as soon as they have the, uh, the MS, the absolute information, as soon as they find out whether it's going to be this week's, the Saturday's game or after that.
And what, uh, uh, channel it'll be on, we'll be the first ones to know.
Well, we'll stay tuned.
But he, he just about guaranteed me that it will be on a small dish.
God bless them.
Okay, pal. Thanks.
See you.
Which doesn't, you know, make it absolute 100%.
But he sounded pretty sure of it and all they got to do is find some spot, which by the way, Richard, if you're listing 301 is open 302.
They can move that sports guide to someplace else.
There's some places open there in the 300s on a direct TV.
So we're quit using that as an excuse direct TV.
And let's get with the program in addition to which can you imagine how many dishes they could sell or how much more programming.
Even people have already got the small dish who may not have the sports package would be on that phone, subscribing immediately.
If that's the way they had to do to get the Panther game starting on Saturday.
Here's a mobile in dear field.
Hello.
I know.
Okay.
Uh, you know, watching this Alamoor thing over and over again.
I think if you look at it real close, what happened was he didn't spit on it.
He bumped heads with David Johnson.
One of his this exploded.
Oh, is that what it was?
That's what happened.
In fact, that might have been David Johnson's cheek that blew up in in her in her.
Yeah, I was going to say her spelt her spelt back space.
Yes.
In fact, wouldn't it be funny if it was Abe her spelt and not John her spelt?
You never know.
Because nobody knows about spitting better than Abe her spelt.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks a lot. Good point.
Yeah, it might have been David.
You see his neck last night.
Oh my god.
I'm watching that game yesterday.
The real Cleveland game and they keep showing the close ups.
It's the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life.
This is the man who invented your push fallen apart.
And I go and I look into mirror and I said, you know, for an old fart, you don't look all that great.
You never did.
But I mean, compared to David Johnson, like everything is still in the right place.
And my skin isn't like just sagging and falling off in places where it's illegal.
Hey, get that Michael Jordan crap, man.
You're a, you know, it'll be great.
You can rub it on your ball spot.
All these people, Elizabeth Taylor.
All these people with more money than God and goddess.
And they're coming out with, with essence of my rectum.
Whatever the hell it is, they're peddling.
I think everybody in America wants to smell like Michael Jordan.
Don't you?
George does.
Open line in a Broward 5249463524WI would do one on a green line.
So how many people are calling TCI?
By the way, here's the number for you.
Because I don't really think it's happening.
I heard the worst team this morning, Hock and I trying to come about it.
And we were talking about it a lot yesterday.
It seemed to be like the only topic anybody cared about.
A Saturday gets nearer.
But they claim that they're not getting like inundated with phone calls.
So on this memo that I received here, which I wasn't supposed to,
but nevertheless, it was passed on to me by somebody at TCI.
This is no one from yesterday, by the way.
This is a new one from today that doesn't have anything on it saying absolutely confidential.
And it doesn't say not for broadcast.
So Cheryl, B and B and Shetta.
I beg your pardon?
That's right.
Cheryl B I A N C H E T T E.
Cheryl B and Keta, Cheta, whatever it is.
Cheryl, she's one of the haunches there at TCI South Region.
And it says, thank you for your help.
This is to the employees of TCI.
And please call me with questions or direct customers to me with questions.
So she's inviting customers who have questions about sports,
Santa, Florida and their TCI thing to call her at 9.5.4.
7.2.3.71.38.
Cheryl, talk to Cheryl and let her give you a good line of BS.
Or tell you what it's all about.
That's it.
Cheryl at 9.5.4.
7.2.3.71.38.
It says, thanks again.
You're welcome, Cheryl.
And let's get to show on the road because Richard from a sports Channel Florida yesterday was right.
He said the only way that you're going to like pressure these people is to inundate them with phone calls 30 or 35 a day,
especially from the same people.
That ain't going to get the job done.
Okay.
11.14 at WIOD.
Talkin' Entertainment Radio.
6.10.00 WIOD.
11.17 at WIOD.
Anybody see A.Rod?
Alex Rodriguez with the Roy Fire.
Speaking of people's faces falling apart, Roy Firestone's got Davey Johnson disease.
I haven't seen Roy in some time on TV or like off TV.
And boy, last night, what the, he got hit with the, uh, with the, uh, Davey Johnson stick.
His neck is in the, oh, man.
So anyway, he had Alex Rodriguez on it.
And it was pretty good.
And then he had Chulon a little later.
But the Rodriguez interview was pretty good except for the fact he got into this thing about what, you know,
you're young and single and all these girls and guys and everybody else is running up and down the street.
And like, oh my God, it's, uh, A.Rod and, uh, all this other, and how do you maintain your, uh, you know, your sanity and keep your perspective?
And then, and he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be.
And he puts his thumb once was enough where they're supposed to be.
So anyway, then he goes into that God stuff.
And I thought, why are you doing this, Alex?
Why are you doing this?
You know, but well, he looks to the Lord and Lord is, uh, he was a Dominican.
Oh, yeah, he was.
He had the froc on too.
He said something about froc.
I think I was the one that was saying that.
So Alex Rodriguez is the best player in baseball.
I'll tell you that Juan Gonzalo is ain't far behind for Texas boy.
He is really something else, but because he plays in that, uh, in that backwoods place there, you know, who downows?
Here's a mobile in the golden gate.
Whatever that might be.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the cable company over here, CVI just changed over to time Warner.
Yeah.
And we have the sports channel.
I was watching the Panthers show the other night.
You got it already?
Yep.
All right.
They said we will see no less than 65 regular season games.
That is correct.
Yep.
So I just thought you'd like to hear that.
Congratulations, pal.
Outside of Naples.
All right.
Good to hear from a happy camper.
Bye-bye.
Congratulations.
Yes, sports channel is carrying 65, which is all of the Panther Telecast this year.
There will be no channel 33 because they were losing money on it and it was a bum deal all the way around and it just didn't work out.
So all the Panther Telecast 65, which is pretty good out of an 82 game season, will be on sports channel Florida.
So the two to 300,000 people who subscribe to TCI, let's say, I mean, how many of them might be Panther fans?
They're saying like, you know, 10%.
So that's 20 to 30,000 people right there who are on the verge of getting screwed and don't even feel good.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, mail, how are you?
I'm great.
Oh, good.
Listen, I just wanted to ask you a question.
Yes.
My husband heard something on your show and he's just driving me crazy to find out what movie we're talking about.
Is that something new?
He's driving you crazy?
I don't know.
He always does.
Uh-huh.
Um, uh, past honey, junior.
Past the honey, junior.
Yeah.
What the hell is that?
I got the honey, junior.
Get the honey.
Oh, is that what it was?
Yeah.
Okay, he doesn't know where it was from.
Was it something new?
And then there's one where he says grab my junior, honey.
Yeah, maybe that was the one.
And that one.
It's from FATSO with Dom Delewee's Nan Bandcroft.
Do you ever see FATSO?
No, look at me.
Hit the name again, FATSO.
Let me say it again.
FATSO.
With Dom Delewee's an Nan Bandcroft.
You ate the yoni.
Exactly.
An anivan.
You never saw it?
No.
Oh, you got to see that.
Really?
Is anybody in your family fat?
No.
Oh, like I said, don't waste your time.
No, I'm not.
Mostly for fat people.
If you know, if you've never been fat or you're not fat now, you know, it'll be okay.
But it's really appreciated by people who got to wait problem, you know?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
But he just...
Fat people like me.
He loves that thing.
Oh, you're not fat.
Oh, yes, I am.
Uh, no.
By the way, thanks to Marcy and Walgreens yesterday when I went in there to pick up a couple of things.
You say, I, you look so much better, the thin version.
I said, just shut up and bring up the Snickers' cones and cut the crap.
Thank you, Marcy.
Okay, honey.
And you too.
Right.
So, yeah.
Yes, he was very nice.
I mean, isn't that nice to go into like a drug store and have a couple of things?
Yes, I did get a couple of Snickers' cones.
I'm sorry, but they just...
They happen to carry them.
It's like the Nike thing.
No, you're carrying them.
Do we get rid of the Nike logo or do we get rid of the Snickers' cones first?
Because Snickers' cones are addictive and dangerous to your health.
They're dangerous to mine because I can't stop.
I can't stop the Snickers' cones.
Like Dom Delewese said, I can't stop the Fat Ma.
Remember that?
When he was talking to his mother's picture, I can't stop the Fat Ma.
Look at your chubby boy now.
Open line indeed, 7519-463-751.
You're Akee Yoni.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Father Jim Bob.
Hey.
How you doing?
Good.
You're not from Luke, sorry.
Huh?
You're not from Luke's.
No, I'm not for you.
I bet they're having a rip-roaring time over there.
It sounds like the best.
The only thing I find a thing about S. U. N. was that guy from Luke's.
And I wish he could hear you today and just get a reply from him about that little...
Well, the best part of that whole deal was that guy was a put on.
Because it turns out that guy really loved the show.
But it was just... it was great.
Yeah, he was.
Yeah.
I got a little spy report for you about your friend in mine.
Everyone's pal, Pat Robertson.
Yeah?
He was on your lap and I got a navel, right?
And he had a little thing on here today about my navel.
Huh?
You got a navel?
I got a navel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I bet he'd like that.
What?
I bet he'd like that.
Oh, he loved it.
And they had a whole little spiel on today about navel persons and body persons in general.
And he even had a little doctrine, doctor from Miami, who...
It's not body person, by the way.
It's body mutilation.
All right.
When in doubt mutilated out.
I love it.
And then you got...
And then you got...
And then you got into the whole thing about after the doctor had done his little spiel.
That...
I bet you...
I bet you that's only one step away from self abuse.
Oh, and it's not only that, it's Satanism.
Mm-hmm.
Probably the devil made these people do it.
Those people that got those...
Especially the ones that got the little ring in their tip of their penis.
Well, you didn't even get into that.
Oh my god.
But the thing is now he did...
The three basic things of the Satanism.
First you got your baby killers.
Yeah.
Your abortionist.
And then of course you went to those dirty facts.
Of course.
Well, you know, he put the baby killers before the dirty facts.
Yeah.
Right, but the third...
Well, that's good.
We're moving out down the rougher in and around.
But the third was those people who mutilate their body and take it out of God's image the way God created them.
Uh-huh.
Meanwhile, I'll sit there next to his, you know, his little...
Prodigy, his little girlfriend here.
Does that include that bad...
Wig that Ernest Langeley wears?
Includes circumcizers.
Yeah.
I wonder if Pat Robinson circumcised.
Because other than that, he's mutilated and he's a Satanist.
Ha-ha.
Only his masseuse knows for sure.
And, uh, you know, if you want to get sports channel, all you got to do is do what Rupert Murdoch didn't just bribe him.
Yeah.
You know, you get in that...
T.C.I. is getting that Fox News channel, like the fifth news channel we're getting now.
Mm-hmm.
What he did was he went out to cable companies.
This is what I read in the paper.
He went out to cable companies and said,
I'll pay you $13 per subscriber if you carry my news station.
And T.C.I.
Oh, I'm sure we can do that.
Here you go.
We have room for you now.
No, no, you're missing the point.
That's what they want to do.
They want to make it a paid channel.
So those people who want to get it have to pay extra for it.
And they're saying, well, we're going to have to pay more for it.
So we don't want to all the subs...
You know, if they charge all their subscribers,
how much is it going to come out to a month?
A dime?
Fifteen cents?
How much can one channel, how much additional can it cost?
Yeah.
You thought I was saying?
A few cents.
A few cents that nobody would even notice in their bill.
And since when have they been...
Since when have they been picky about raising their customers rates anyway?
They do it all the time.
Well, I think Wayne's behind it.
Make sure you get sell-ups at the arena all the time.
Good point.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
We have an open line of Broward 5249463.
That's a good idea.
We don't have to worry about that.
We got almost 12,000 season tickets sold.
They're going to be like in the rafters.
That's going to be a hard ticket to get this year.
Unless, of course, I have to sell mine because I got those idiots in my section.
Here's West Palm on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
I got a bank story.
I think you got to love the hair.
Yeah.
I get a letter.
I better shut your outfit trap.
Shut your trap.
Go ahead.
Go ahead and run her packs.
I'm going to have to worry about that knitwear.
I get a letter in the mail the other day for first union bank.
I don't think with them now about a used-how car loan with them.
So I'll put it up and it's a class action lawsuit.
I got one of those.
Oh, about charging insurance when you don't have insurance?
Right, but they never did that to me.
So I'm not part of the class action lawsuit.
Oh, well, they did it to me.
Well, then you know all about it.
24 million bucks.
Right.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, they were like, you know, they were putting car insurance through for people who already had insurance.
And without even them knowing about it.
Exactly.
They never told me anything about it.
Right.
Okay, Neil.
How a good day.
Don't spend it all on placement.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Open line on the purple line.
Pound IOD.
We have two in Broward all of a sudden.
5249-463.
The wicked hand of the Lord must have come down and stricken those people in Broward as they were holding their instruments.
Or maybe their phones.
5249-463.
Here's the lady in the gables.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am?
Hi.
I just wanted to call and give you a big report.
Uh-huh.
My MAPH.
I got caught this morning.
Point going.
You got caught?
Yes.
Got with their little radar gun.
I hope they get a particular cancer.
But anyway, we won't go there.
They caught me going 56 and a 40 on a 3 lane.
Oh, hey.
3 lane highway.
Yeah.
So, I think, do you think-
What was this on the Julia Tuttle on the MacArthur?
I'm a Carthor Cosway.
Yeah.
Every morning there, there was four of them just standing around.
I'm just going to go there every morning.
Why don't you lighten up a little bit?
Cut it back to about 73.
I should have been going 73.
No, I just think it's really ridiculous.
That road is like a highway.
It's a 3 lane highway.
Why should this be limit before?
Right.
You're right.
And I think-
That's a very convenient and easy way for them to nail people.
And, you know, squeeze the box on.
It's a business.
Don't you people understand?
It's a business.
It has nothing to do with safety.
It has nothing to do with worry.
I mean, you see the way people drive in Dave County.
Do you think they care about safety?
They put people out here on the road that just came in.
They just rolled it off a banana boat.
Who don't even know what the Ella Car is all about.
Don't know where to stick the ignition.
Yeah.
Just stick the key.
Yep.
And-
As in their rectum.
Right.
And I think it might also have something to do with the little, uh,
I don't know.
All these rich people on Palm and Star Island.
They probably don't want people like-
Well, screw them, okay.
I'm sure they don't want to worry.
They don't want to need a Brian's house and break bread.
Let him go over and see the Bee Gees and break a leg.
I think so.
Don't do it against me, though.
No, I'm not.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay, govern yourselves accordingly, folks.
That's all I can tell you.
They're waiting in the woods out there for you now.
They're waiting in the woods.
Your neighborhoods, you can't walk five blocks without getting mugged, murdered, or maybe both.
But hey, you can't drive more than three miles an hour of the speed limit.
They got you nailed.
That's what's floored.
It's all about.
Get used to it.
Get over it.
Not going to change.
You're not going to do anything about it.
I've been screaming about that for years.
Nobody cares.
Until they get the ticket, nobody else can-
Well, they're out there protecting us and getting these dangerous drivers.
The dangerous drivers are the old parts who can't see, who can't hear, or sitting on six telephone books to get up to the steering wheel, and who are just a nightmare on the road.
Who are going like 20 miles under the speed limit in the left-hand lane.
Who are like weaving in their big juveniles in the middle lane and-
They're driving in all three lanes at the same time.
They're driving in the lowest lane.
Those are the dangerous people, and when's the last time you saw anybody pull over for driving like that?
Mr.
1128 at WIOD.
Talking entertainment radio.
Home 610 WIOD.
Florida State Sucks.
Can't beat that gator meat.
Oh my God.
Oh not.
People are watching women of their brand.
They're green-rooting people.
But I'm not sharing some say his brain-less.
That night's gonna talk in.
Not much to look at, but I ain't looking.
This smells just a little too much.
This is as all a little too close.
His mouth is just a little too long.
But while they're grown-ins,
I will be lonely darling.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
The girls with screaming be let it out.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
I'm fishing for the world.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
Oh my God.
Oh no.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
Not that you have to stop.
His got a really big trouser trowel.
He's got a really big trouser trowel.
He's got a really big trouser trowel.
He's got a really big trouser trowel.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
I'm trying to get something clear to you.
Okay.
No more sunshine, no more.
Sunshine is still there but they don't have the patterns anymore.
And they're not going to have the marlins anymore next year either.
Okay.
No, 33 now.
That's the other thing is that some of the packs and the article that they did in excess and some of them are telling me what's the big thing now that you can't you can't you say
or you can't say what can't you say?
you can't you can't say crap you can take one but you can't say it okay yeah
and you can't say take one i'm nip it in one dammit right
you can't do that the only thing yeah now
did it did it because offended my said to me once he said to me i wish you
wouldn't say that around me it and i said no way man if supposedly this
beauty can can do all the things you claim it can then it would know what i was
thinking yeah it would be just as offended anyways and it and it's long
thing would come down and strike you day that's right that's right
really i would really just have another flood or get Roberto
alemar junior to spin your push well i told him then i was just as pissed off
at the fact that he was asking me not to say it and it offended me just as much
yeah and he didn't know what to do there you go
well doesn't bother me if that's the only restriction i'm going to have put on me
if i can still yank out the old trouser trout then i'm a happy camper you know i'm saying
it's your step ahead exactly i'm several steps ahead there you go
have a great day pal five dammit two open lines and
broward five two four nine four six three five two four
w i o d i still would like to know i'm waiting to hear from somebody who
see you people and i mean most of you there are a few people out there with a
brain but most of the american public gets swept up in whatever the media
hype is of the day so if a bunch of people decided because they got the
video clip and they can show it eight million times
of Roberto alemar arguing with uh John Hershbeck and then spitting in his
uh... all this is the worst that you just don't do that and the the indignation is
so spectacular is so unbelievable you would have thought that he he didn't
oj on this guy's family you would have thought that instead of the guy's
kids dying from some horrible disease that Roberto alemar killed him
i i really want to know what is what is so hysterical granted spitting in
somebody's face we agree on it it's vulgar it's unacceptable but what is the
big deal with this compared to all the other stuff that's going on bobby cocks
beat up his wife nobody cares he's there with a brave to win last night nice
going bobby warren moan he's uh... winning games in the soot okay he beat up his
wife nobody cares you can do whatever you want it doesn't it drugs beat him up
uh... rape uh... mike tyson he he's in a slammer he's out how much can i pay for
this next bomb in the month for this next bogus fight they're lining up like a
bunch of lemons okay but i got spits in an umpires face oh my god that's
yeah that's it he's gone too far now you've gone over the line
Roberto even if you happen to be a great guy even if everybody who knows you
in fact the interview with a ride with alas rye regga's last night
he said i'm gonna tell you how bad i feel about this he said uh...
Roberto alemar juniors the kind of guys such a good friend of mine if i'm
like in a slump or something i'll call him a two in the morning
after like a game on a west coast i'll call him two in the morning at east coast
time and ask him for advice and he always gives it to me and the advice too
i mean i haven't spoken to anybody who's had anything negative is say about
Roberto alemar which doesn't excuse his uh... blow up there
but i mean between the lengthy apology and the donation to fifty grand and
everything else that he's done enough already and that's why the fans are
cheering whether re reki understands or not they're not going to hold us
against the rest of his life because this wasn't something roteskin horrendous
he's not michael urwin thank god
here's a tamarack hello and you know how you do it or plan blades yes sir
well first of all i'm your typical long year eight years ago with a pierced
earring so i get the right to go straight down here baby you're going where it's
mighty hot like florida
i've been down here for eleven years i know how hot it is like i said anyway if
occasionally but i missed that uh... comedy bit that roberton did
channel forty five you know pollen and crutches canaly rerun the seven hundred
club it's three o'clock this afternoon crutches yeah i might try to make a
video paper because i thought i thought this morning and i was on the floor
laughing i was saying to myself g i have one earring i want to look out of
hell i'm going to go to i don't have a tattoo yet i'm not that crazy
where the earring is one in your ear yeah that's uh... you only go to like uh...
the small part you don't go to where the big furnaces yeah in other words i'll
probably go to hell and deal with that but that's right but if you had it in your
public man you might wind up in tamarack you're really gonna burn i already live in
camera so i'm right you see how he works in mysterious ways he had you pegged
right up front that is it that is really first he sends you to florida where it's
harder than hell and then he sends you to tamarack
well i'm not complaining i'm i inherited my mother's condos so i got the place
free but i don't like i said it works in mysterious ways it's the eing and the
yang the in-and-the-out to good the bad and the ugly it's it's what i get for
being almost forty years old and living in an old frat development i'm the
others person that's building and trust me they want me out of here for a
less really earring just to tick them off here good good for you just stay there
out of spite and start wearing all kinds of chats because the pizda moth
all i plan to know i would have a big i would nail a big cross outside my door
just to irritate him okay nail i'm already on a material by free i pass along
the information in case anybody wants to feed at three o'clock if i were you
i'd start taking the mizzes off their door and really scare the snot out of
them i may do that that is an idea never give you something to do in your
spare time have a great day bell god bless you
we have an open line and broard five two four nine four six three god bless
ray up in the diner up the street want to thank him again and floris
profusely for being so nice to us during our years here and during the
short time that ray has been up there ray who took over sonny's diner where
sonny failed and the guy after him what was his name who saw soon we forget stand
stand stand stage deli poor stand he was a good guy's food was pretty good
but he just didn't make it he just couldn't make it in north bay village
and along comes this guy ray this very unimposing unassuming little man
with an apron which right there he's got six strikes against him to begin with
and open at place re-opened it there and they must be doing pretty good the food is great
try the onion flat the onion flat it's kind of bread you can't have any fats of oh what is it like
that's the honey junia it's like an onion pita bread oh that's really sick kind of like a
italian focaccio maybe and when they toast it oh god oh uh not for this kid you like bread i
can't look without it here's plantation hello yes sir
nioh i'm sorry i gave you the wrong information about
well thank god you called back it takes a big man to call back it wasn't your fault it wasn't
your fault i understand they gave you it's a bum steer yes sir but aren't you weren't you
ecstatic that you heard the good information i was so happy i've never been happier to be wrong
right it's enough to make you pee in your pantaloonies i'm looking forward to it and i just wanted
to say nioh that you know the ghost yeah i'm sorry i went out and got you the wrong news
but the ghost of jennifer ren compelled me to try and get some news yeah but anyway nioh flip
on your ring and i'll kiss and try and tell you can't complain about our news pal because we don't
have any you know what i'm saying yes bless you my child well congratulations get a life thanks a
lot pal and you're welcome open line and a green line yes see it's always better to know you're
gonna get it then you're not gonna get it you know you're not gonna get it then life ain't worth
with a living but if you know you're gonna get it like these people in vokinau who are gonna get
them on a delfi cable a delfi whatever the hell it is speaking of filadalfi a cable i see big 88
Eric Lindross on it is a biser with another great save and a boy biser you're the best baby i'll
tell you he was really sharpened at one our exhibition this game we had at home he played great
and we'll continue playing great now that he's over that uh that thing he had around his neck
all those years that choke thing you know about the greasy goals no more greasy goals for the biser
i'll tell you that but anyway Lindross is still a question mark for tomorrow night i have a feeling
because he pulled his groin he ran into hex doll yesterday poor baby in practice and we did his groin
and i think he may have also bumped his back dome or something like that so no Lindross tomorrow
employer we really upset about that not huh eleven forty three at w i would do and well i was hoping
that i didn't have you know what i'm saying because i got something in my throat and some food too
talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d mr maric vatich jesus
i
i tell boy let's all yeah with your tell all book exposing the Jackson family you're a cook
but make it and play boy you've been all for some cash you more suited for the inquiry girl your trash
all the dead all the jacksons you tell Michael and his monkey juicy style yeah no
with all his witness you make my scene normal girls just shut up
can't afford the tall yeah tell him lesson lame time to make a sleazy book of your family's name
eleven forty seven at w i o d on another great day man we had a little slow start here this morning
i noticed again today i don't think they're listening at ten o'clock oh i'm sorry oh i shouldn't
say that so anyway you watch you mark my words those guys those goyam it's gonna be a really something
and then what i tell you about rick didn't rate doesn't rick sound better in the afternoon not great
not spectacular yet they're working into it but doesn't he sound like a waken after in the the pace
of the show is like he got two living people on there are like one and a half
suds and half a rick and i'm telling you they're gonna get there they're gonna have a number in
there that's gonna shock the living daylights out a lot of you including that one that called yesterday
you know the guy that called twice we've had two calls Tuesday and Wednesday
both days and i'm a little bit slow on my old age but now i was thinking about it this morning coming
to work those were both cox calls see in the past we had the q a m setup calls from Andrew
assing with boyfriends and now we're starting to get the cox calls of course probably like even
while we're in the same building remember in when a stranger calls he says the other phone is in the
house he's in the house in other words it like in the inside we're in the same building and the
call is coming from there there's Roberto Alamar by the way who said on you that's what he said
to the media guys i said what's the big deal already huh each ever seen little spittle and you
notice every time they showed a shot in yesterday's games which i did watch all are part of all three
games every time they show part of a game guys in the dugout are spitting all of their like slabber
all over the place now i think he's a brought back a i mean baseball players have always spit a
lot but i think now they're spitting like a bus storm just to show their support for Roberto
here's cutleridge hello new yes sir god yes i am i'm circumsized who you're here all right
let me ask you something yes with with latins spitting is probably the most i mean with
latins have a special significance for spitting that's the big effect exactly that's the most
offensive thing you can do to somebody a spit at them or in their face or just in their direction
like saying you are the lowest calm on the face right either that or mention their mother
right your mama oh my kona i guess or all three of the above exactly male two more days to
withdraw the puck baby right i cannot wait and you don't have you don't have tc i do you know
sir i had luckily i have a delfia great good for you man but i have good news for the tc i people
yeah last night on espan there were advertising that they're going to show the ranger panther game
on on the duch but guess what what's that it'll be blacked out here oh no well for them too too bad
mm-hmm too bad so that anyway oh you know something that's another great thing about having a small
dish is they have espan two which is not on most of our local kena something that does it but it's
on a small dish i off well you know so like yesterday when espan was still doing the indian game
and the draves the braves game it's started on the douche right and so i just flipped one channel
over from two oh six to two oh seven there was the braves game well and i just flipped it back
and forth on the channel too i can't wait Neil i'm i'm jones in for some hockey i'm going to
tune in tomorrow to watch a Patrick frog and the blues i hope a bread hole sticks it to him
yeah and the puck too it's gonna be a lot of fun who's gonna have that on uh espan no baseball tomorrow
no not tomorrow good excellent oh now we get a real man's sport on their excellent where if they
spit in somebody's face nobody gets all bent out of shape about it absolutely but you think
that they were playing uh in england or something there was something that they were having tea
and crumpets you know come on already butch up a little sweet hearts it's just it's a ball game man
it's supposed to be a tense Neil can i get a shameless request anything you like pal uh accept that
some some hockey calls maybe a little rickery call by the way rimmer is going to be here tomorrow morning
signal start heading up i'll be i'll be listening with belga i'm gonna tell you one thing and i
really mean this okay it's a good friend of mine and always will be but but if he doesn't put
you up tomorrow and grow up here first of all you'll you'll never hear him back on his show that's
number one and secondly i guarantee that every player every coach everybody associated with the
Panther team will be on his ass like stink on uh christmour you know he's like a humber he tells me
he is he said he's ready now he's tired of being yanked around and lied to and spit upon and
everything he said he's ready well we'll see exactly all right and if he's not okay pal see
up and if he's not so anyway uh Brendan Shanahan has got this uh stick problem we have an
open line at day seven five one yes somebody was telling me that the Panther players are all like
peeing in their pants about that and how do i know about it i know the inside stuff guys i know
what drake bearer house keys looks like i've seen it pretty impressive open line at day seven
five one four six three one on a green line one eight hundred nine hockey calls that'll be a
sure way to kill his show are we gonna start with this hockey in Georgia gets psychotic hockey hockey
hockey hockey kill yeah didn't you see that summer book yeah how about last summer i just
put the volume up on the TV good good for you good for you you you you deserve the crap that's on
that TV in there right now you and all those spick stations
wow
wow
wow
all right Rick come down Rick Jeter at one of the greats i'll tell you one thing remember could
you learn a lot from him we have an open line on the green line in fact that's what we're
gonna do tomorrow in honor of rumors appearance because the team has taken off and they got to all
leave here including him they should like him along because he's the announcer but they're leaving
it i think two thirty tomorrow afternoon so the early part of the show if you want to be sure
and miss that the first hour maybe the second hour is when they'll be here and dog McLean's
also going to come on with us tomorrow and tell us the story behind this story about how qa m
goes on he ran announces to dog McLean show on air station when he don't even know about it yet
that's the new form at a qa m we're making announcements about all kinds of people who are going to
work here they just don't know about it yet and we don't return their calls but other than that
how's Andrew's ass in the woods by the way here's west pond b chillow
yes sir mr. hot shot who used to be a fat guy in a skinny thanks to me actually i'm wearing a pair
of pants are like the three inches too large right now really i got to go to a dinner meeting tonight
tonight and i can't wait to come out because i'm wearing some of their three inches too small so
i'll trade you i'll trade my three inches for whatever you got yeah actually first first of all
i call to tell you how happy i am but how happy you are yeah i mean the tone of your voice is just like
so much of the stress seems to be relieved that's right doc in my blood pressure is real good even
though i am fat how do you like that my pressure was sensational i'm going to come and see
them are afternoon okay well that's part of what i'm calling about after months and months and
months of trying the hassling with banks and lawyers in the city of my any beach and my soon to be
x-wife i'm able to close on my house tomorrow so i might not be here when you get here so we might
run a reschedule but i'll leave it up to you because all you really need is to get your blood drawn
oh no i'm not coming here unless you're there okay now let me ask you this because it was a very
interesting message that your girl left on my machine which one the one about how since tomorrow is
our last day well anyway it's not our last day well i heard that yeah so that's even better news
so you're either the beginning the week and i'll come see the beginning the week and like that
it worked out perfect see there had to be some good reason for us having to come back here one or two
more times i felt the same way so whatever leave i get i just found out that i'm closing some and
screw up your schedule and congratulations that's great so in other words you got rid of that
l'm out see that you had that with the article was in the paper about that's right the albatross
the right the uh... two hundred thousand dollar albatross the only albatross that we ever liked
is the one Stanley dancer drill but then you're not into racing so what do you know
i also i'm also listening to these stories about uh... the athletes and so forth
their behavior is despicable and maybe there's going to be a start via back lash against that kind
of behavior yeah unfortunately i don't know i'm not into it that much so i get to emotional about it
good but uh... maybe uh... maybe a new conservativeism in terms of behavior but then again that ends
up in turns into censorship when the uh... when the pendulum swings too far the other way
very profound i think but you're you what you thought of that already i have no doubt nobody else
said it sure thanks mark cc can graduate break a leg on your house oh god please i don't that applies
to acting in performing that not not to closing on how's it okay i don't want to break anything except
records to get it done fast great bye c next week okay there's dr. mark a hell of a guy man you want
a good doctor you want to go on the addkins with a guy who's lost a ton of weight and thanks to me
is like a new person you know i hope he comes and put flowers on my grave dr. mark because i saved
his life you know i turned him into like a real human he looks like a different person now although he
said i sound like a different person so we can just put my voice in his body do you know what i'm saying
how about putting my voice into uh... somebody else's body like a rod all the way a rod you know
i mean as far as like my personal taste is concerned which i know you don't want to hear and i just
keep saying it to aggravate a lot of people and it works like crazy uh... you know he's he's okay
he's a uh... fine young man i'll put it that way he's not the but i'll look all the young girls love a man
he's a sex part of them because and that should be that way it should be that way
there's somebody you can look up to here's a candle hello
hey uh... nil yes sir prime blinds shoot him in the legs yeah
uh... anyway if you have bad aim so be it look at what happened that guy in guiding light they just
had bad aim yeah i'd rather that isolated incident uh... reverend simpson gardener i know you don't read the
herald i already read this on the earlier oh you did about one in ten to one about how about the
guy in lutes and his boyfriend out in lutes baby all right exactly i thought they were all red
necks up there oh no well you saw those red necks and you saw those red necks and entry didn't
you in deliverance yeah there you go yeah i like well anyway i got my uh... sports channel on the
uh... doffia and i got a big one out in my yard and then you're all set then you're in good
she i'm i'm i'm set you're ready to rock and roll okay the only thing i gotta say yeah
open line and date seven five one nine four six three seven five one w i would be
yes we had these two priests over there a couple of more isolated incidents which i got a
couple of faxes and everybody never already read that we were right on top of it earlier to show
somebody a whip that over here okay and the priest in lutes who stole two hundred and forty six
thousand dollars from the church to pay for his adulterer's affair with his boyfriend there's a
problem they got over there in lutes in lutes of all places where of course they're all upright
when they're uh... being friendly with their sheep the priest in lutes boy would that make a great
movie or what at least a good to short miniseries here's napal's hello hello niel
yes sir earlier you mentioned uh... when you were talking about broadcasters you mentioned
mandage and then a while ago you've fucked in one of his yes reply
you've been a jackass you know every every time i hear that
voice even though i am a university of michigan graduate and a university of michigan fan i
cring he is the most horrible announcer i don't believe it
i heard him the last game i heard him broadcast a little bit of i couldn't help it because i
wasn't near tv yeah and he screamed about a monstrous receptor i'm more monstroses his favorite
he likes that he likes when their monsters yeah that's a good point what he got on he's
in anyway maybe it's a big ball maybe it's a bigger than ordinary a regulation ball don't you
think he's horrid i can't i can't you expect me to sit here and say that jim man which is horrid
i'm not going to be saying and you know he's in the madhouse what are you going to say you just
want to say he absolutely sucks the wings i just i just said he likes the big one that's what i
said you're gonna bite it what up what up you're
mungus there you go man he sounds like a damn Cuban tree frog he is he's out of the closet now okay
pal man we slipped him out what do you say you're gonna bite it what up what up you're
mungus wow come on in lay down on my couch okay one away to w i did we have something going on
here today i'm not really sure what it is so this cheesecake from Lorenzo's is really great this
is the original we're like a very few carbs and isn't it embarrassing the while my doctor was
on the phone telling me how big his pants are and how small he is that i'm sitting here even with
a mouthful of cheesecake even though it is dr. racquins and it's low in carbs and i didn't eat nothing
bad today yet here's candle on the purple line hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good i think that
the athletes are getting proud in all the problems are just you know illiterate animals and i
don't think anybody expects anything more you think that rod caroo is in illiterate animal
well i'm more thinking about the hurricane players well that's that's beside i mean that goes
without saying yeah the reason i called you what is the um traffic lawyers you were talking about
ticket defense team ticket defense yeah i got caught in a wonderful scam yesterday turned out of a
parking lot into a school zone and got nailed and while they were there writing me three more people
got it two of them came out of the parking lot nice with no sign one one 800 seven four one
eight three two six okay great they're the best in the business man you used them yes
when they get you off and that's it huh well i don't want to go that far i don't know
that well uh they'll do it for you man all right appreciate it good luck thanks for all right Neil
okay we have an open line on the purple line a lot of people getting tickets out there these days you
better slow down baby whatever the speed limit is divide by two subtracted by 15 and that's the speed
you can go down here because this is a real yahoo place this is florida baby yahoo just slow it
way down or you're going to get a ticket it's like it's like uh that that trooper in uh Georgia that's
always on those spots you know that redneck trooper only he ought to be in florida because that's
what this town's all about just go real nice and slow although i will say this at least they
up the speed limit there to 70 on part i 75 so we can go 90 in a hundred which we appreciate very much
i think now let me ask you something how do we get to our i guess i'll do it during a break do i
know how we get to our new place you will follow me i'm gonna follow you up there or i can draw you
a map and then you can follow me you will follow me up to i 95 and then i'll follow you since i know
a much better i am positive the way i get there is much quicker and shorter than you or whatever
your shortcutting north to 95 oh i just go the regular way home regular way what 80 second to 95 in the north
oh you go all the 80 second all the way up to 95 sure not the way to go very fast to know it
no it is not sure it is no it is not no it is not whatever not when you get passed on the other side
of second avenue okay you'll follow me up there okay i'll show you a shortcut that'll make here
stand up on your Cuban penis and then we're gonna then we'll find out where it is so this is
gonna be exciting man i'm gonna and then tomorrow come in and once we get rid of that that
uh... smoothie once we get him out of here i'm gonna tell tales about this great new studio we're
gonna sit here and just uh... man you better get a rubber mat for yourself if you're gonna be listening
tomorrow here's margate hello yes i'm done okay i can i just called tci the number uh then
very cordial to me they with those voice that are opinion and then i was trying to add which one
fills up you think you're gonna get it and i was like well jeez lady she goes well we're still
negotiating i said when negotiate you should have did that six months ago so they didn't that
called out there and they she said yes they they have their opinions and they've been a lot of them
and they think that they should begin a she won't she said she said they wouldn't get it for this
weekend of course right of course but she said they they do look like they're gonna be getting it
hopefully i'm like well i wish we would because she goes yeah there's a lot of people calling the
lines are just filled great to that total she goes oh yeah south florida right good i'm like yeah
keep the pressure up guys like i said make those calls what do you think about it right now we got
about who uh... Troy
Troy great and for oh draightened from uh from the ram yeah yeah i think that's a step in a right
erection man i think that uh... keep sim the keep the buyers was never gonna be a uh... tight end
and it was useless all the last season and didn't do very much this year either and it comes
the time when you hang it up and you don't knock the coach and you just gracefully step aside and
good luck to him yeah my brother he's uh... pf lice and told her up there he says yeah draightened
was in the doghouse that's the reason why his numbers were down and plus the surgery in the
offseason he just didn't get off to a great start and he goes yeah he goes he's gonna be a hell of
not only that look at the crap team he was playing out true that's why it's that so will they
say to you in a very good blocker he says well damn team don't block he can't be one guy blocking
yeah so i think yeah that's true he'll be a big improvement over whatever we got trust me
all definitely that we were when you got nothing they nothing right
i think i know good luck pal okay there's a guy who call me said just keep the calls coming okay
don't give up because they one guy got the desperate in fact the other guy was probably calling
he was probably one of the t-seye people trying to cut down the flood of calls trying to well you know
poisonous with this idea oh yeah they don't care forget about the calls don't forget about the calls
keep calling and calling and call come on let's go one eight hundred eight hundred two t-seye
or call that jet Palmer guy at three oh three two six seven fifty five hundred three oh three two
six seven fifty five hundred or fax him if you two damn cheap to make the phone call at three oh three
seven seven seven twelve twenty eight three oh three seven seven seven twelve twenty eight that's
the fax number for the corporate headquarters of t-seye in Denver no less
and you know the bad news is forget about Saturday so make your plans now go out to your sports
bar go out to rosy payments go to a friend's house go to somebody it's got the big dish
and enjoy the Panther game and that's all i can tell you get on a plane go up to filth at alphia
here's Miami on a purple line hello we went as part of the snail how i run back to you i just want
to ask you a couple of questions since you're a new formatics this week and i want a new shift
good luck you yes what color did you get magenta blue okay and i'm on a new schedule so i'm only
able to listen to the one to two hour oh my god as opposed to the first couple of hours like i
used to and you understand there's no news at one o'clock have they completely obliterate the
news from your show all together there's news and unknown and there's news at two okay you know
a little before noon and a little before two like at fifty eight or whatever it is and that's it
and we don't need to keep interrupting and repeating the same stuff over and over again and if anything
happens we might find out about a motel motel you well that's true they always say bulletins at
once right or not and i heard something else it was kind of strange they were doing this like tag
team thing uh... one was reading with uh... with jennifer like he'd read a paragraph on a story and
then she would read a paragraph but the same story i was kind of confused with that kind
yeah kind of for maddox is that also something from the uh... the new owners
jennifer jennifer's not here anymore or she's gone to yeah well that was going on just as a take
over the castle yeah i think that was happening friday afternoon oh no the the thing didn't switch
till monday midnight oh okay friday was jennifer's last day so maybe she wants a more airtime you know
to say goodbye that's true and maybe that was what it was yeah she's still around okay there was one
thing i wanted to add to the university uh... deal with the uh... the the jococracy yeah when i was
up at the university of florida uh... there was uh... one of the courses i had to take was oral
interpretation so that's the usually got to get up in front of the class read your book report sit
shut up dumb jack we had at least two of them in there one guy couldn't even say
more than a three syllable word without screwing up he got an a i got a c
all right just wanted to let you know there is a god after all
he had have a nice afternoon and welcome to the uh... taxing family and bless you my child
see you see open line and a purple line pound i would be we go on on the green line one eight
hundred one fifteen and w i would do when you call one eight hundred mattress very very soon you're
gonna start sleeping like a real child like a i was going to be like a real dream maybe you'll even
have some good dreams uh... whatever kind you like that's right when you pick up the phone to call
one eight hundred m a t t r e s you talk to a professional betting consultant not just some stupid
telephone operator but somebody knows the mattress business inside and out and they give you a
choice of all the top brand name cilly posture pete cimmons beauty rest certain perfect sleeper
dial a pete c by spring air that new hundred percent late-text phone rubber mattress
all the good stuff they got at savings of up to sixty percent below what you pay for exactly the
same stuff in your department store and they give you much better delivery to because when you call
one eight hundred mattress you won't have to wait all day for delivery because they deliver seven
days a week to eleven o'clock at night whenever it's convenient for you within a two hour window
so no more sitting around all day waiting and praying for somebody to show up and you know mattress
is always backed by a thirty day comfort exchange policy and when you call be sure and ask about the
free pillow offer with every complete betting set too column today and very soon you're going to
be sleeping like I said in real comfort and style one eight hundred m a t t r e s
talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d i thought we'd have to pick her a long time more
you
last night you dug a booger out from your old crusty nose you rolled it between your fingers
and that's when things got broke and I recall how hard you flung it down
on the phone it bounced off of table and splattered on the wall
and you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there like that fair playtax
gloves that I bought you to wear and it was so disgusting what went on from there
and I you're sitting on just picking your nose quick picking your nose quick picking your nose
well I told you to leave it to a hundred times that's gross
well you just never listen girl you keep right on picking and I'll tell you once again quick
picking your nose
okay I'll find it thanks George okay twenty after one at w i d we have an open line of
dates seven five one w i d one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
Casey joined his slate we're going to be in this building tomorrow and probably Monday and getting
out of here hopefully on Tuesday okay so tomorrow is not going to be our last day and our last
drive down here but that turned out to be great anyway because my doctor and what does he think
he think when we move to the new studios I'm going to find a different doctor because he's not
right over the bridge he'll come to you yeah right likely still he'll bring the whole orifice
up there to Hollywood right like I'm too lazy to drive down there and see my great doctor for
endowner whose life I've saved and responsible for here's Tamarack hello hello yes sir
I knew I just talked to continental cable vision yes and you know when you get something they
take something away so they're they're taking away w or r isn't that a kick in the teeth
yeah instead instead of taking off that stupid food channel or one of those idiotic uh that's
exactly what I asked them right I said when should take off the food channel with that god channel
right so all well with the god channel you know you that you call we have to carry that it's a
must carry channel well that's true forty five I have to carry that yeah and uh but the food
channel we have a great deal of interest in that but remember something we take our w w r and now
you'll be able to listen to the panthe games and then we know show yeah so very big deal
with uh you know why they're doing that don't you because w w r is is a super station right and they
have to pay so much for subscriber for w w r I see so they're not giving you anything additional
for them for whatever your pan what they're doing is robbing Peter to pay Paul yeah as I said
they give me take away right that's right they always do that okay now good luck to pound thank you
see them see if you got the big dish or if you got the smallest you get w w r if you're a met's fan
and if you're a met's fan well too bad we have an open line I'll say that ray or dunia's boy that kid
is the best shortstop in a history of baseball right now I'll tell you that this kid is unbelievable
see even a crappy team's got at least one good player now in the marlins we got Kevin Brown and uh
and Jim uh what's going to be the story with Jim Leland anybody know they're going to offer him
two million dollars and half a disney land and half of the state of california to go to the angels
and I got news for I've seen those angels playboy and if he goes there he's going to be really sorry
he's going to be a sorry camper here's Jupiter hello Neil yes sir how are you the rink?
okay back again listen back again i call you well what i want to ask you was we don't get w w r on a
small dish we get we get sports channel new york for not w w i'm sorry you're right no i'm the big
dish you're right i'm going to forget that okay tla but you know i keep thinking about the
ktla they're i couldn't know ktla it's not a big dish yeah i know but they won't get on the
little dish right no what i want to ask is when i get in sports channel flowed on the little dish
yes we are are we going to start this all over again no no no listen the reason i'm calling is
i just called up don't don't call no no i called direct tv let's just say don't call
they don't know what they're talking about well you know what the guy told me what do you say he says
it's supposed to be a big change coming something brand new coming out he can't tell me what it is
but something that sports fans are going to be happy about what does that mean i don't know he wouldn't
tell me i thought maybe you know let me say it again we talked to the guy from sports channel
yesterday okay i'm sure that tomorrow sometime during the show he will call us and we'll find out
exactly when sports channel Florida goes on a small dish there's a chance it'll be on this weekend
from time for Saturday's game but at the very least it will be on sometime very soon
oh and i what about the unit here with this big change is supposed to be a direct
i don't i don't he's talking about i haven't got any idea what he's talking he probably like i
said he probably don't know either okay he's just yanking your chain yeah but of course uh
i mean they got to start in some more stuff to be competitive with that new dish that came out the
echo store echo star doesn't have a fraction of what the direct TV what are you talking about
well no i'm talking about in regards to program let me say it again that that's what i'm talking about
echo star doesn't have a fraction of what a direct TV has got on her yet so i don't i don't know
what you're smoking but it must be pretty good i'll hang in there pal oh my god oh my god take your
dishes the milkic and the flasher can just break them on the floor and eat from paper plates and
then we can all get rid of this stuff i'm dying already with this dish talk they're practically
giving them way in the stores right now and i understand if you want to wait a couple of days and
find out for sure and let me say this to you okay as much as it's important everybody wants to see
the opening game of Saturday it's a great rivalry us and the flyers Lindross is probably hurt we're
going to kick their ass up there great but if you missed the game if you have to go to a bar if
you have to go to a friend's house if you can find a friend if you have to break into somebody's
house that's got a dish to watch it but so one game isn't going to change your life okay there's 82
games 84 whatever it is 84 games 82 games so what's the big deal if you miss one right we got to find
out when they're going to have it and i'm positive tomorrow i think maybe possibly i doubted tomorrow
we might have the answer for you so just cool it here's Miami hello hey oh you don't okay
hey to be a dead horse but uh why not well hit it again one more time it's never going to stand
up again anyway fill Henry yeah miss him terribly and going through withdrawals yeah so badly that
i started searching the net for fill stuff will happen upon the kf i website yeah and
cox true to form no uh advertise but nothing call them up they hardly know who he is all he's
starting here Monday night all you know yeah and uh he hasn't even started yet so what do you expect
to find i need them back well what do you want me to do for you i'm get him back yeah what why didn't
uh pack and fight for him i don't understand that you'd have to ask them i haven't got any idea
well i guess the figure was wasn't worth fighting for no i didn't know no no you said why didn't they
fight for him yeah they didn't take him well they didn't take him okay they didn't even bother he
wasn't even an option he just they did not take fill Henry that's why they didn't take him i don't know
does it have something to do with the dolphins maybe does it have something to do with the Brian
cox thing i don't know but they did not take fill Henry big mistake eight well i would be you know
something i'm moving forward i agree with you it's 500 percent but i got him move forward hey but
you stay here though well that's my point i'm moving forward love you and can you see uh
go on get that uh that ticked off star dish and you can hear the fill Henry show on that thing
here's the number in fact there's something that's slimy's right now
yeah there's something that's just slimy's flasher you get two pounds of bullcrap
we have two open lines in date 7519 463 751 WOD and we got two on a green lines 1 800 12 it's
uh 12 already why do i keep doing like an hour behind because i'm so anxious to see her extra
126 a seven a WYOD let's talk in entertainment radio 16 WYOD
oh Neil my queen god hi all this is tomber debt with some special news from the back to school
bunch if the prospect of going back to high school fills you with mortification it's time to stop
fretting and stop on in at your local high school six where for just pennies a day you can graduate
with honors in about two weeks a little more for some a little less for others we offer 12 minutes
of calculus eight minutes of French and to top it all off we'll run you through our semi-lavish
graduation ceremony featuring our tissue paper diploma which also makes an ice corsage for your
prom music and refreshments not included so drop on by and pick up a complimentary matchbook catalog
this is tomber debt for high school six bull sharpen a pencil for you
you're wearing black you'll leave this season here on the right
okay 129 at WYOD and open line in day 751 WYOD here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir i'm a uh over 30 single on circumcised never been married straight
guy oh i believe you yeah sure i believe it i actually passed by there to see like
20 minutes ago i had a real another real Cuban for you to puff at oh you brought me a big round one
yeah yeah a nice month to crystal number one but you know you didn't let me in so i give it to George
wait a minute i didn't let you in what do i have to do with it George George didn't let you in
oh well that's part of his scam he just takes the cigar and says hey get lost the other one
and then says see you later you know why he didn't let you in don't you right because you're circumcised
oh i'm done circumcised oh you're all on that case so good move that's why he's smoking my
finger probably smell the cheese all right so how come you never been married mister
i know i'm picking i just got dumped your boyfriend dumped you uh girlfriend
yeah five years you had a girlfriend for five years yeah and she dumped you for what reason
probably the foreskin i guess was he Cuban no she was American uh huh
American chicks don't like that foreskin you get it yeah no they don't George yes
except for Anna Maria as they do uh me one i'm that yeah well good luck in your new uh station and uh
where is that gonna be a hollywood uh that's a longer drive longer drive for whom for me not for me
but since i'm gonna have to go there a lot more than you do i think it's probably off for the
better all right my friend keep this rolling okay thanks a lot for the good stuff now my my pleasure
i'm butch up a little bit okay there he goes likely stories over 30s 30 years old he's straight
he's on circumcised he's uh just got dumped by this uh bitch you're enjoying told you what
Johnny dolan said what he said he was in the running to be your producer when you were over on zeta
what is he talking about
Johnny dolan was in the running to be a producer who was the producer your producer there was no
producer it was capridor capridor ran the board he was part of the show there was no producer
another bullcrap live from a Johnny dolan is this before or after he took a leak next to me
and next time i wish he'd wait till he was done in the urinal
Johnny dolan everybody he's just a real bullcrap guy man he's full of it just tune in the
coast mornings if you can stand it if you can stand waking up in the morning real happy with uh
all i crap music they're playing with michael bolton
oh my god Johnny dolan like i said i think i'm going to be called in sick tomorrow and like
Monday or Tuesday two open lines and day let's go let's go let's get on a bandwagon here we're
gonna get all four hours in here today and we're gonna have a humongous response we started out very
slow i kicked up my heels kicked a little lush muts in your push and all of a sudden they responded
phenomenally just like yesterday and we had a lot of people out there with something to say not
too much of it too interesting we've been doing dishes and dishes and dishes and MCIs and MCIs and
TCI's and PPs and whatever else 751 9463 we'll end here from some more guys single straight guys
over the age of 30 besides Phil Henry i'm sorry i think that most guys and now what about women
how old is a woman have to go before getting married before she's considered an old maid
which is code for dyke 35 yeah 32 32 so if you're female it never been married and you're over 32
you're a dyke whether you know it or not or psycho bitch here's sunrise hello hello yes sir hey now i
don't let me get down to the point on the let's get right to it yeah the athletes the athletes get
in trouble uh basically the bottom line is that uh the fans don't give a fly in for oxfowl
they just they don't care about uh about what goes on in the athletes you know so what's with that
layer they so concerned about somebody spitting in the umpire space why is this like the greatest
thing you want to know why it's just on me because it happened right in the uh in front of exactly
right there you go everybody we didn't see we didn't see Michael Irvin there in at the in the white
house uh carrying on and doing all that crap and all the cocaine they wouldn't care if Michael
Irvin was driving the white Bronco yeah they really wouldn't care it's that's just like you
relevant to them as long as they they he's winning football games even if he's not you know whatever
if as long as he's doing his job you know how do we know it was they seeing not MI exactly yeah
good point all right you that's all I had excellent points sir thank you that's right you don't
give a crap and you also don't give a crap about Roberto Alamar Jr just act in indignant and you're
a bunch of hypocrites and I bet you a lot of you guys spitting the whoever's face you want
you never spitting a push we have an open line and Broward 5249463524 w i i should have asked
that Julio that was under the 30 year old has never been married who got dumped if he was like
impotent and then he would have probably pulled a tom cruise on us and got pissed off
maybe that was the problem maybe he just couldn't make that damn thing work if he would just
let it breathe a little bit here's the mobile in high alia hello from the old yes sir
and i'm up in a row of vocals where I live I'm just going to
I hear like every fifth word on your great cell phone man this is some phone you got
that it's high alia have those cells in high alia why not I don't know if they don't have at least one
cell for the mayor okay have a great day pal get a new phone don't go through highly don't call
us on a mobile in high alia because they got no cells and it's a bet like that sorry pal have a
great life call us back some other time when you're in a real place open line and Broward 5249463524 w i od
rickensuds the new and improved better and brighter and smarter rickensuds 2 to 6 let's hear a lot
of phone calls from people who really are enjoying rickensuds in the afternoon come on let's go
right now i want numbers one through seven hundred check it in with me right now you don't think the
fact that they're actually inheriting an audience into a clock might help a little bit what no what
is that they had great numbers before when they were on in the afternoon and the fact that
they're inheriting it to a clock a sizeable audience and hopefully still a big number we pray
that can't hurt as opposed to starting from like a from a sitting still position at six o'clock
in the morning on a station which overnight and late at night has got nobody listening now here's
the deal dr. Laura is going off nights as a friday and then moving over to i and z 10 a m to
noon starting monday and then lord acid on i and z from noon to three and then q a m's going to
have some new bogus sports show from noon to three which they want to tell anybody about maybe
they still don't know about themselves because they're just a bunch of fools and asses in the woods
and so we are going to have a new nighttime guy sometime very soon
not necessarily monday but very soon a new nighttime person and actually if he's any good he probably
ought to get a 20 share in there at night see there there's nothing else on there is no nighttime
radio in this market so anybody who does a nighttime show and doesn't get a big number here there's
you're just you're not doing it man and i did nights in this market for years and years and years
and yes my audience was very very old but there were a lot of them and then of course they all croaked
here's a mobile in market hello hello nio yes sir i just tci they would not give me the number in
denver they gave me some woman they missed this blanchet who's in charge of governmental affairs
and you call that and you get a voicemail yeah they will not let you call out to denver they won't
give you the number i got the number right here oh well hold on bad what is it now it's 303
303 267 267 55 55 oh oh oh and you talked to jed Palmer
jed jed like his in jed clamp it yeah jed Palmer and tell jed jed Palmer he's going to have to
clamp it if he don't get that sports channel flora on there i heard that he's the guy okay can
I call somebody a douchebag yeah Alan seagull you're a male delivering douchebag and happy
sucka salin same okay have a good day so anyway it's 137 and w i'd either pissed off out there they just
don't know where to turn they don't know what to do they want their hockey hockey hockey they want
their panthers they're sick and tired of being screwed around and jerked around and yanked off and
in and out and all the other stuff they're tired of it they're tired of taking them up the up the
up the it's not in there anymore rectum from all these other but hey i can say it myself okay
i can say it i've seen a few of my time like up in the front there here's deer field hello
that's what it is thank you very much i want to tell you i wanted to thank you for the
actin's diet three months 56 pounds beautiful i may lift the pixie six pounds
oh i've got a lot more to go but thank you heavy duty i did not have a easy to do you know something
john turtchen was on channel seven news was just in here a little while ago and he was telling me he
lost 24 pounds on the actin's it's a beautiful thing here everywhere you go man they're thanking me for
a savoner lives well not enough people thank you because i talk about your all over please
right that's right more importantly that's because they're too intimidated there a bunch of
pussies yeah sure do you remember years ago you had a formula for weight and height and breast size
yeah what's the formula i had a formula you used to a girl would tell you her height and her
waist size and her shoe size not me wrong show it would not maybe rick and suds not me no it was you
definitely not oh yeah no way i accept her also rick and suds left him in the afternoon couldn't
stand him in the morning there you go i rest my case i just it's you don't need to take for breakfast
you don't listen to rick and suds at six in the morning okay thank you very much have a great day
boy that was a good line wasn't it you don't eat steak at six in the morning you don't listen to
rick and suds in the morning now what do you eat at two in the afternoon hall of a don't say it i
know you're gonna come up with some smart ass comment boy oh boy just when you give rick a chance
okay so what if he is a hard ass what if he is uh got a you know a big forehead what's what he what
is with it they're gonna do great in the afternoon in spite of him they're gonna do fine just relax
we have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three seven five one w i o d we're
gonna be going over and checking out our brand new space a they call it the spaceship the
paxon people are calling our new studios the spaceship because it is so modern and so wild and so
phenomenal and eighteen dimensional and just the unbelievable and state of the art and state of the
fart it's just great because the paxon people have already done more force in the first three days
than the cocks people have done for me in the last eight years and of course the cocks people say
oh yeah that's a bunch of below and we stood by him yeah stand by this go stand by a tree in the take a
take a leak out the window but you know what bob green says it could be a ride that uh you know
don't you love that did you read that you didn't read the article oh yeah bob green says um
paxon doesn't know what he's in for both positive and negative the positive is that he's
acquiring an incredible staff of people who'll take him on a ride he'll never forget the downside
maybe they'll take him on a ride he'll never forget yeah and like i said like i said bob green took
us on a ride down there that even the tidie bullman has never seen anybody ever have their head
all the way down inside the toilet bowl while we have we've seen it we've seen it what it looks like
in there man when somebody takes you right to the bottom of the toilet and just abandon you like a
stepchild and turns their back on you and yanks you around like your life has no meaning
let's say you just hit your weapon crap well yeah I said your weapon trap not anymore mister
not anymore blow it out your rectum man and i'm not gonna reach over there and get the gun effect
this is for you you are my very favorite cat you pussy man that's right that's right just keep
just keep her but that's right you'll be sorry someday you'll be sorry when you another job yeah
right when i need another uh when i need another one of the the kind of jobs you're giving out
man oh man the number of people that have been screwed over and yanked around and whose lives have
been destroyed lies and oh yeah we're going on fm we're going to have family we realize that
our audience is i and fm and we get here we're going to put you on fm right just keep just keep
leading us on okay right to the edge of the cliff and you go first man
Alex Bennett Steve K Nick Lauren Scotting shape in my glory Scott Schwartz Herman and McBeam
Gail Bright Coleman Chandler Sandi B.O.A.
for worse and when wild Steve Stassel don't forget Bill wise
oh
Chermahoney Johnny Dolan Aileen F.D. name is cobo and Hummus Dan major Darcy McIntyre
the prize very Larry Pymour Connie Ford Sharon Francis Joan Hanson
Sister Swigiel and the Parapar we can't forget the people though we try to hide them and forget we knew them
they used to work beside us even though this time they made us lose our minds and we bear with
Alprentine being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny Darken Joseph Gacky Hank Goldberg Mc Green
Marvin Walman Warming Stephanie Lewis Quinn and Wibsdon't forget between these aren't all the
people who are still here working and he'll still working we are all the people
who are out there giving just a make a living I would like to exterminate Wibs
what's up Doc
and we're out there giving just a make a living we are you know that Cuban guy that called
before I think he's a little bit confused that could be his problem that you're supposed to
put the cigar in your purse 143 at W.I.O.D and speaking of that Mike Sagar is that's where you go
and find the good quality stuff if you're one of those guys who appreciate something good in your
purse like a lot or like maybe even once in a while like that cigar Dave who says he only lights
one up once or twice a week and a cigar too no matter how often you smoke one no matter how big of
a tumor your Jones in for this is the place to really work on it big time Mike Sagar is at 1030
cane concourse in Bay Harbor they're open every day till six Monday and Thursday till nine as in
tonight they're open late and they got every kind of premium handmade cigar in the history of the
human race and somebody never heard of that's right they got cheap ones I got expensive ones they
got humidor's they got accessories they got everything for the cigar guy if you're really serious
about cigars this is the place not just another mom and pop store not just another drugstore that's
got like 10 or 12 brands of cigars but virtually everything out of the sun that you can buy in
America and like I said some of you never knew you could get they got cigars from LaRoy public
at a minute kind of personally tested by a rod and Alex Rodriguez too so get your ass over to
Mike cigars who just pick up the phone and call them and they'll send you out one of their free
catalogs and you can sit there in your leisure and figure out what you like in date County call 866
2277 866 2277 toll free from outside of date it's 1 800 would you do swallow a cat 1 800 9 624 24 27
like I said you're supposed to put the cigar in your place
talking entertainment radio 16 W I O D thank you okay well I'm getting used to him he'll be all right
remember when Fedex started we hated him too and then we got kind of grew on us like a big gigantic
tumor the size of a bowling ball he's you know this guy'll be all right won't he here sunrise on
a purple line hello hey now yes sir we went turned down the angels he did yeah good move Jimmy
all the money in the world shouldn't get him to take over that dying lot that's a bad team man
that's a bad team no pitching none yeah and the only two teams left are the white socks red socks
in the marlins and he said you don't want to manage American leagues so that kind of narrows it down
all right but it is wife loves Boston for the shopping and for the shopping so what's he
do with a phyleens basement well I don't know maybe pat Riley could help her out with some of that
shopping down here at Bell Harbor yeah there you go did you see that sporting news show the
about the hockey as you did they picked the panthers fourth yeah they picked the panthers fourth they
picked my leafs last in the central division and to what do they know what do they know what do
they know even buying the islanders yeah I couldn't believe it yeah what do they know last night
the brain let me tell you something about the islanders they got no gold tending okay Tommy
Salo may have played great in the world cup Tommy Salo blows they got no gold tending how's it
feel after 20 years to be going to a real studio oh god unbelievable and I was on your show once
a j from the jane Scotchow yeah all the way back when you're at wins yeah and I said man this is it
we're just trying to break into the business that wasn't a bad studio no it wasn't too bad it was
pretty good stuff but that was brand new compared to what you're in now yeah see the problem is
we got a nice board here but everything else that we got along with the DCS this computer thing we
got's a piece of crap the car machines are from before between was born uh and it's it's a joke
and it's just all state here stagnating and falling apart and they have refused to lift a finger to
it's like we're supposed to come in here and make magic like the miraculously and don't bother them
all right it makes me and Bob Green says it's a management intensive uh I don't know where's the
intensive manager where's the involvement right they just don't want the problems okay they don't
want problems they don't want phone calls they don't want people bothering them threatening them
they they just like uh turning out the slush like on the coast in hot 105 that's up their alley that's
their speed speaking of the coast this guy calls my house the other to ask for my wife and I'm like
wonder who it is and it gets on the phone yeah this was Jonny dark and he was going to he center
a autograph picture and she asked her you know do you know who I am and she looked at me like
so I guess that's how they're trying to get listeners now they just calling lady they just
called out the phone book some believable yeah and closing the brain stem was on with Roy
firestone I saw it I saw a little bit of it yeah he said that uh I knew he was going to say it to
you I would go at Bernie he's a veteran who's been around oh I didn't see that yeah he said he's
he's a better and you know something that's why we're glad we got JJ because he
don't count on Bernie to win any game for us because it's not going to happen didn't it seem
like when buyers complained after not getting one pass and that game that was kind of that was it
yeah see a key see I like I like this and he's not going to put up with any bull crap you don't want
cryers winers prima donna's he wants guys that can go out there work hard and do the job right and if
you can't work hard and do the job see ya well hopefully look at that deal straight now at the
term pike and it won't be too bad this weekend okay all right now see you yeah I forgot about that
before we got pop it up park Friday and with Saturday we got the the dolphin game with Seattle
on Sunday we got the move to our new studio Monday or Tuesday I mean this is so intensive
but at least we're getting away from the Cox people those people are assholes and you can tell
him I said so Johnny says so here's the North Miami hello hi Neil yes sir
Neil I think it's time to drive a stake through Jerry Jones's heart okay I think it sounds good to me
I and I'd like to do it did you hear what he said on Monday night football the other night no I did not
he said Michael Irving has completed his 800 hours of community service now do a little
ristening with me will you there's 30 days to almost except the goddamn 31 days with September
30 days right yeah 24 hours to a day the whole time equal that's 720 hours yeah I think he's got
80 more hours no he's been working on stopping overtime some days he did double duty that's right
so to speak unbelievable exactly and I got a gun to my head you know why I'm a die hard
a evils fan they just signed Mark Ripon well it's now let's see we had the deal Seattle traded
the girl a mirror from Notre Dame Rick Myrer to Atlanta for Jeff George which is
yeah that's what I heard this morning oh and you guys picked up Ripon because your guy got
injured in the game Monday right and you're all screwed because you got three third burgers there
but what was the last time Ripon played two years ago with the Rams last year awful he was awful
just awful at least get George and for the Eagles for a while now he's yeah he listen Jeff George
they don't want because not only can't he play but he's a big mouth he's trouble right right
and these mark Ripon will stink the joint out but he'll keep his mouth shut and Ray Rose would have
kicked the crap out of that's right oh well and in closing I forgot what I was gonna say okay
box yeah in closing have a great day we have it open line in day 7519 463 I wonder how well what's
his name Harry Callis gonna feel about having him at Philly yeah Harry Callis boy there's a guy
he must have pictures here's plantation hello Neil yes sir about Roberto Alamar yes what we
course do the players have the umpires are blowing the calls none none what do you mean what do you
mean if they're blowing the calls you know there were there I was watching all parts of all
yesterday's game games okay the three games right there were calls that were made on pitches there
was one pitch in particular in the Yankee Texas game that was so low on outside that it I mean it
was like it was it never was a strike you know I mean other words from the moment the pitcher let it
go it was low on outside and it kept getting more low and further outside and this is a strike
yeah it's it's unbelievable the stuff that they're calling yeah it's in addition in addition to
which did you see in the Yankee game uh part of it did you see the disputed play where the guy
ran inside the baseline now I'm rude I'm rude I'm rude I'm rude against the Yankees okay yeah and
I'm hoping Texas way but in all fairness this guy was inside the baseline all the way down first
base he you can't do that it's interference that's why the throw got by the first baseman and the
Yankees are screaming in howlin and they don't reverse the call they got it wrong again that's
right and and it just seems like the umpire a totally arbitrary what they call the strike zone and
you know since they became unionized it's like nobody nobody can get fired the good old boy network
it's just like I think it's NFL when they get the referees are now unionized so nobody gets fired
nobody gets let go yeah yeah and then they make apologies when they blow a call like they did in
the jets Washington game on Sunday the league apologizes and says oh yeah we blew it it's a
high-imidey thing yeah and I'm going to tell you another thing too about the NFL the fact that they
have eliminated the replay the instant replay is so grotesque and you know they hit the experiment
in preseason where you had a couple of uh replays the coach had a choice right but the fact that
they've taken a replay out means the game is a mockery and that games can be decided now by horrendous
grotesque calls where the officials get together and they have this big long conference for like five
minutes after the play is over well what's there to talk about you know either you saw it or you
didn't see it at least if you got the replay okay here take a look either it was a touchdown or it
wasn't he was in bounds or whatever the dispute is okay I don't care how much longer the game has to be
but at least get it right it just seemed like when they had that replay and I'm all four two but it
took like 15 minutes yeah but then that's because they didn't have the balls what they should do is
have a special like they do in hockey you get the replay officials up there who take a look at it
they make the decision they phone it down to the referee in charge and that's it by the way there
was another athlete who spit actually spit on another opponent that was even a stasi right that's
right that was the years ago on the US Open and by the way Rick and Sud morning afternoon I can't
I can't take them but but I enjoy your show Neil have a great day pal oh you too yeah okay tell
Rick that guy hate him okay here's the four-letter deal hello we love you Ramma you sphincter
ooh nicks that Hitler mustache you little you don't worry about Hank of that also ran listen to
John Corleone you can act like a man that was funny well we'll find out tomorrow and you know
something this guy is going to be on the spot he's going to be on the spot because this could be his
farewell this could be his fun farewell at least on this show if he don't put you up you got one
more chance to prove to the public that you're not going to be a wimp you're not going to sit back
you're not going to take a lot of crap you're not going to wait to rest of your life for somebody to
give you a job that's never coming that you're not going to take crap from a bunch of a third
burgers you're going to tell it exactly the way it is and you're going to start striking back
like a man like this guy says be a man for Cran out loud here's big pine key hello
hey Neil yes sir so much to say so little time to say you got some time but first of all
we have TCI down here that's all we have sorry keys which is a wonderful thing so I called them up
and they gave me an 800 number yeah yeah yeah we already had that okay you have we got 400
numbers okay just keep calling all the numbers it down here we're we're trying to call them up
people who advertise with TCI and tell them we're going to stop buying their product the little
now that that's your spending your wheels there yeah everything's spinning the wheels well
just keep making a calls man yep okay hang in there all right okay see you hear that the
fetus tone and a lot of these people's voices because all all one of these telephone operators has
to do is say well I can go get it this you know something like that or just acting different
and then that's the end of it they give up they throw it at all that's what they're hoping for
because they don't want to give you something for nothing they want to force you to pay extra for it
and they claim they don't want to take something else off of there because they claim that only a very
small number of people want sports channel Florida which means not only the Panthers it means the
Marlins next season with Joangel and Dave O'Brien with somebody might want to watch that it means the
the J.J. show the Danny Boy Show it means all kinds of sporting shows having new with our local
teams and who knows what else and so I think if it were presented that way you'd find out that
there are a hell of a lot of people down here that are going to want it but hey don't confuse them
with the facts here's Hollywood hello hey that's you hey now yeah I love her butt
yeah well go find it he loves her butt and he may go find it so we're going to go find it right now I
just want to reread this article 20 or 30 times in the cars I'm driving I always like those people
that are reading newspapers while they're driving the car those are my favorites so I'm just going
to hold it up right in front of my steering wheel and read this article again by Jeff Nudnik
about how Bob Green says well it's going to be quite a ride it's going to be a good ride could be a bad
ride ride this Bob ride this baby
okay get a dish get the cable get the tci people on the phone get a life
