Let's with this Ron and Ron.
Oh no, forgive me, Father O'Toole. I spilled the wine.
Don't you worry about it, Chinese. Just reach down there and grab that roll of papal towels.
Faken from Father O'Toole, he knows that hopes papal towels have a special sin-frenzing agents
and are more absolvant than other secular brands. So don't be a dull.
Take it from the Pope.
I much like you, April Towel.
Oops papal towels. If you liked his tomatoes, you're gonna love his towels.
The case of the carton queue up in time, but what I really intended to do was...
What's with this Ron and Ron?
To the dumbest white man that I have ever met in my entire life, but that's a whole different story.
We'll get to it a whole different time.
Alright, 108 at WIOD. Happy Wednesday. We're in the single-digit category now.
888E, I ate it all.
888E's left before the big sale goes through it.
I had quite an encounter of the worst kind this morning.
The trends came in at about...well, I probably came in about one, but they diddled around in here,
so we didn't get them until two. And they were okay.
But anyway, so I went out to the copying machine in the hallway at the top of the stairs
to see if my copies of the trends might be sitting there.
And guess who was standing there, George?
Guess who was standing there right by the copying machine at 930?
Jeff Clark and Bob Green.
And I said, good morning.
And Jeff Clark said, good morning.
And Bob Green met...it...in the waddled away.
And I went, oh!
Alright. And then I came in here and told Adam that he says, oh he don't speak to me either.
Do you speak to him?
He tries and he doesn't respond like you're not there.
Like I said, eight days.
Seven for Rick and Suds. Eight for this kid.
So anyway, the trends did come in yesterday.
Today I've got something new and different I'm going to do.
It's called a screw round.
No, seriously, I'm going to play all this stuff from this rack and this rack.
Stuff we haven't heard. And you like that brow vocal?
I didn't even realize that was vocal Brian.
Well, hey, well, I'm not going to get any calls.
So I'm not going to aggravate myself with eight days left before the sale.
I'm going to worry about these bastards.
You see, I'm going to tell you what impact you can have in this country like me.
Oh, yeah, you got such impact. You got such power. Right.
I'll tell you the impact I have.
How many years have I been talking about the invocation at the football games?
How many years? Like many, many years. Probably ever since I came here.
Because I don't understand it. I don't understand why people go along with it.
Why do people feel they have to be sheep?
The PA announcer comes on and says, OK, drop your drawers.
Stick your finger in your nose. Stick your finger in your rectum.
Whatever he says, they just do it.
Everybody, please stand now and bow your head.
And here's some getchkey out there with some religion at a football game with a religious exercise.
And so I said, I'm just going to protest.
I'm going to sit down and then fat rich because he sits there next to me.
He's trying to like, you know, and I give him credit for he sits on his fat ass.
Plus, he's too lazy to get up anyway.
But in that said, out of 75,000 people now a couple of years ago,
they're actually were like, I think I had about another half a dozen people who at least told me that they weren't getting up during the invocation.
So out of 75,000 people, if I have such a cloud that I can, and I realize I'm not going to change the world.
I mean, most people will give you the God bull crap and they'll tell you they believe in religion and they believe in God.
And all that other, even though they don't, because it's just not fashionable in this country to say otherwise.
But you've got to know that there are more than two people out of the 75,000 who are not happy about having to get up while somebody out there saying some people are not happy.
And then some religious prayer after you've paid 50 bucks or 100 bucks between parking and tickets and food and everything.
Go to a football game.
And yet I can't get anybody.
I mean, even if we got like 20, wouldn't that be a start?
You know, one year you get 20.
The next year you get 100.
Then there all of a sudden you got a few hundred people.
And everybody takes notice and says, guess what?
There are some people out there who don't think that we ought to be staying prayers at football games.
Who don't want to be forced to go through some religious exercise in a place where it is totally inappropriate.
It's a movement.
Yeah, it's a movement.
All right.
You can smell it.
I mean, you've got at a 75,000 people, you've got Presbyterians.
You've got Seventh-day Adventists.
You've got Fourth-day Adventist.
You've got Mormons.
You've got Morons.
You've got Jews.
You've got all of all the branches, by the way.
You've got Conservative.
You've got Orthodox.
You've got Reform.
You've got the Hasidim.
You've got Catholics.
You've got...
And you've got Atheists and Agnostics.
And everything else.
So why?
Why?
Do you refuse to sit on your ass and help to put a stop to this?
Wow, it's not a big deal.
Well, it should be a big deal because it's part of what's basically wrong with America.
Is the intolerance factor, maybe, in everybody trying to voice their religion.
There's stuper...
There's stuper stations on everybody else.
And you won't do it.
And I want to know why.
I want to know why you're such a bunch of sheep.
Why are you such a bunch of lemmings?
And I consider for four hours today, get all worked up and vent out of shape about that.
And still getting a response.
So what's the point?
So I started to say that people tell us, we haven't played that.
I didn't even know that was a Boka brand bit.
That's how well that is.
There's stuff in these two racks that I haven't played since before.
Alan Courtney was a child.
And we're going to do it today, man.
Because look at that board.
Look at that board.
And the trends came out.
And I'm going to be honest with you.
Considering everything that we've gone through this summer, not all that bad.
We're sitting here with a 5.0 in midday, 2554.
Which isn't the greatest.
That translates out to about a 5.3, 5.4, whatever between 10 and 2.
But you know something out of the circumstances.
Rick and suds had a nice comeback in this last month.
Thank God.
Phil had a little dip there.
But what does he care about that?
He ain't going to be here.
What does he care?
In addition to which, if he left a real high number in there,
that would be an impediment for Rick and suds in the afternoon.
We don't want to have to jump over a high hurdle.
Let's start with low hurdles and then we'll work up to the big ones.
So they were not all that bad.
In fact, the 18 to 34, we went up.
Were you aware of that?
We went up.
Men we went up.
You know where we went down?
Old Farts.
Old Farts and women.
I told you we got no women.
So like yesterday, when I asked about,
you're at your request and be Hest by the way,
because you want to rip Rimmer.
And I ask about those Rimmer shows.
Not on the first show.
And what did I get?
Three women.
Who don't like that stuff?
Oh yeah, too much hockey.
Too much hockey.
Yeah.
Okay.
Three women.
Why should we gear the show toward women when we don't have any women anyhow?
1013 at WIOD over.
Are you ready to surf the net?
Do you want to be hooked up to the worldwide web?
And all the information can be right at your fingertips?
Well, I guess you need to go to school and learn about computers, huh?
Hill Hendry, 2 to 6 p.m. on news.
Talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Let's put this run and run.
Two of the dumbest white men that I have ever met in my entire life,
but that's a whole different story.
We'll get to it a whole different time.
If you're a heavy metal rock star,
you know that jackets can turn on stage extra-sits into agonizing.
That's why you use motley crew ex.
Because you don't have time for the unsightly and uncomfortable itching that goes along
with wearing tight black leather pants.
Motley crew ex.
I can't get ready to rock.
Can't get ready for the stage.
Until I spray your motley crew ex.
Motley crew ex.
Boxed shock rods so you can rock non-stop.
Look for free backstage pass with every purchase.
All for valid for new by all 14-year-olds only.
1017 at WIOD.
So George went to the kiss concert last night.
I want to give you a kiss.
Exactly.
And it was great.
It was great.
And I'm deaf.
Thank you, Tracy Nealy, for getting me seats way too close to the speakers.
The deaf and Horace too I noticed.
What?
Oh, well, you know, you got a screen too.
Oh, come on.
It's required.
Come on.
I was reliving my childhood.
I was too poor.
Evidently, yeah.
When I was a teenager, I can afford that.
Well, that's what I knew in here.
Arena ballot rewarded.
Fos need to vote yes.
See, this goes on a date county all the time.
This is how they got the metro rail through.
They fake the people out.
People against it were supposed to vote yes.
And they figured, well, if I'm against it, I vote no.
But guess what?
They did a quick switch around.
And even Maurice Ferreces, we need that arena.
And he says, I'm going to do everything within my power to help
And get built whether the people wanted or not is basically what he's saying.
And Mickey Harrison urged the commission to reverse the language and they did.
Instead of having it originally, the way Dan Paul had on the petitions and saying,
if you were against it, you vote no, which makes sense.
Now, if you're against it, you vote yes.
That's the way it's going to be on the ballot unless they can get changed.
So, Dave County, once again, trying to subvert the will of the public,
trying to pull a fast one.
And Dave Hides got the balls to write about what a great guy Mickey Harrison is.
And isn't it ashamed people are ripping him?
Dave, you, I'm serious.
DeFo must be slipping his guy drugs on Thursday nights.
It's unbelievable the stuff that gets written into papers here now.
Yeah, I feel so bad for Mickey G and Dad's got most of those billions over there in Israel.
What is shame?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you don't read the Harold, but I was just looking at it, letters to the editor.
You couldn't mean one by Aaron Summers from PAI.
I got that here.
I'm all set, man.
I got all the crap.
Okay.
And also, you got to read the one word, the word traffic light is that.
If that doesn't tell, driving to Miami, I don't know what does, Joe Patron.
I want to know why the people stand for the invocation of the football.
Yeah, well, I don't.
I never have.
What do you mean by that?
Well, when I've gone to games, I'm one of the other, besides you and Fat Ritzestit down.
I don't stand up for that.
I don't believe it.
I swear I know.
I never have.
Yeah, get on.
I've never go to the R-S-Bull back when it would go the R-S-Bull.
And you don't stand for the invocation.
So I've kind of drove rugby, Stabby, and twice.
I mean, I used to go to the games of the R-S-Bull for years and years and years.
Yeah.
And I never never stood.
And it was always the Catholic priest and all that, you know.
I don't care who it is.
I don't care if it's a rabbi, a priest, a Getchki.
I don't care what it is out there.
There shouldn't be any prayer or a football game, especially when you're paying to get in.
Exactly.
If I want to go to Schuller Church, I'll go there.
Of course, you have to pay to get in there, too, but that's beside the boy.
Hey, let me ask you to keep it where it belongs.
You know, it's deep, hopefully, going to stay with you back.
I haven't got any idea.
I tell you what.
I mean, I was switching back and forth yesterday between Fat Hank and Ed.
I asked the program director on, I swear to God, he listens to your show.
He is a good kid.
Hey, morning, Hank, I hear him.
Yeah, maybe I can relay him, Ed.
It's too.
Because I don't understand that, you know, you go screenless.
Why do these guys have to screen their calls?
Are they chicken?
Yes, they have to, that's why they're stationed so boring.
Because they want to orchestrate the show, which makes it very contribe.
Really?
And anybody who wants to take a shot or do anything, they're not going to get on the air.
Then it's a funky guy that they got answered a phone over there.
How about, I don't mind punky guys answered the phone.
How about punky guys on the air?
Like, they're goldstein in the morning.
I'm serious.
He may be the nicest kid in the world.
I don't wish him any bad luck.
But that kid has got the most annoying voice.
He makes you almost want Boug Chambie and what's his name back?
Yeah, right.
I mean, this kid is just, he talks like this.
Like somebody is just absolutely sliced his balls off.
And there's not even an ounce of fuzz left there.
There's just nothing there.
And how can he possibly be on the air?
I don't get it.
I'll tell you what, I wish that, what's his name?
Ashwood.
Grow some balls, man.
Hey, Goldberg just, I mean Goldberg just runs all over this guy.
Ask the pro-hug.
You mean the pro-hug?
Well, of course, because Goldberg's got the only numbers on his station.
And the program director is going to get Kansu in any way.
So what's everything?
Huh?
What was that fat Hanks numbers?
Let's see, 20, I know that Phil beat him again.
Thank God.
And I know that the morning she'll beat QA him in the morning again.
Thank God for that too.
Yeah, but you know what's going to happen when, uh,
let's see, Phil had a three six, Hank had a two seven, 2554.
And in men, I guess we got to see men because he'll be saying,
well, it's the sports station.
We only care about men.
Everybody's always trying to like hide their bets.
Howard had a gigantic trend, by the way.
I just thought I mentioned that before his sick events start calling.
And how come you're not mentioning Howard, he had a gigantic trend?
Yeah, he's.
Okay, let's see.
Uh, what am I looking at?
Men.
Phil had a five three and Hummer had a four nine.
So pretty close, but Phil beat him anyway.
Yeah, but he's going to be going up big time now.
Now that he's, uh, Phil's leaving.
I mean, why is that?
In other words, you think Rick and Suds are not going to do well against that?
They're going to bear it.
He's going to bury Rick and Suds.
I don't think so.
All right. Well, I don't, well, we'll see.
I hope you're wrong.
Yeah, I'll say a prayer.
Yes, I will.
Okay.
Good bye.
See ya.
Happy Yom Kipper.
Got some tremendous response on the phone already this morning.
There's a cell call on here.
That's it.
7519-463.
Oh, how I long for the old days, boy, when we had an audience.
751-WYOD and Dade.
5249-463 and Broward.
1-800-944- etc.
etc., etc., etc.
See, that's another one of those topics.
Well, he's an atheist, you know, he's one of those that's fag-atheist.
Yeah, by the way, Spiro Agnews did.
Oh, right.
1023-WYOD, you know.
News talk.
An entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
Hi, everybody.
This is Gilbert, and they don't come any better than Neil Gladges.
And I like it when Neil sits in on my show.
Okay, 1027.
I told you I was pulling all the crap out of those racks,
and I pulled out the big one, the big bomb.
Here's the Miami-Underpurple line.
Hello.
Unbelievable.
Happy New Year, Neil.
And back to you.
I just left a parking lot in West Bay that had an important amount of handicapped spots,
but now, have you seen the baby carriage spots?
Uh-huh.
You have.
Yes, I have.
Yeah, I've already talked about that.
How do you get those?
How do you get what?
The baby carriage spots.
You stick a baby carriage on the, uh, in the, uh, passenger seat.
That's how you get it.
I haven't got any ideas.
Is there a special permit?
I don't know.
I couldn't believe that.
Half the spots in this building.
Don't you understand that if you're like a regular schlepper,
if you're not a cripple, if you don't have a little, uh,
little pain in the ass kid that you're schlepping around,
you got to park two miles from any,
they have a spot for that, though, for what, for what he just said.
You just drop a little bomb, and that's it.
It's the shot spot.
So is this going to be like this all day today?
Is this the way our final eight days under Cox Enterprises are going to go?
We're getting the silent treatment.
Seven five, and I'm going to tell you something.
You are going to talk as soon or later, whether you like it or not,
you're going to address my question.
I've been trying for 20 years to fight.
Don't you understand what it is to be a sheep?
Art, doesn't it embarrass you?
See, you probably think that just sitting there in the middle of 75,000 people
and standing out like a sore thumb, that that's embarrassing to us.
Not in the least bit.
Not in the least.
You should be embarrassed that you're so easy to be manipulated
and you can't think for yourself.
It's the course of least resistance.
Well, everybody else is going to stand up, and it's just something you do.
So I sure don't want to stand out like a sore thumb and have other people around me looking like,
oh, how come he must be in eighth years?
How come he ain't standing up?
But they like being sheep.
The Lord is my shepherd.
Yeah, the Lord is my shepherd.
And therefore I'm going to be a professional sheep.
Unbelieveable.
Seven five, one, nine, four, six, three, seven, five, one, W-I-O-D, and date.
And this is the reason that things are the way that they are.
This is the reason that the far-bison are ruling this country, man,
because the rest of you are just sitting there like you got a lockjaw.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, I'll put the microphone right down here and wait.
Until hell freezes over, man, and I'm finished with this cigar.
And if I play my cards right there can be about one fifty-five.
What are you laughing about?
I can't hear a damn thing you're saying.
Good. That's the idea. I don't care.
I'm sure the audience can. I'm just deaf.
No, they can't. They can't hear it. They don't want to hear it.
He's not going to tell us what to do. Great.
You just go ahead and continue being a lemming on your life.
Be my guest. Have no balls. Have no courage.
Just be another one of those. Another one of the masses.
Another faceless puts.
Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing?
All right. Hey, I've been a dolphin season thicker holder last year and this year.
And we do not stand for the invocation.
Oh, get out of here. You're full of crap.
Want a bat?
Yeah, you know something. I've been lying. I go out of my way to look.
Of course, everybody's standing in front of me.
It's so hard to see.
How the hell are you going to see me over here?
Yeah, that's a good point.
I swear to God, we do not. I stand for the national anthem, but I'm not stand for the invocation.
Yeah, as soon as the invocations over at that point, I stand up and that's it.
We're probably going to, within my whole section.
I mean, everyone, you know.
So now we're up to, let's see, that guy, well, he don't come to the games anyway.
So you two and us two four now, we're up to four.
That's probably about the only one in the whole stadium, but hey, you know, I'm not doing.
Why are these other people doing it?
Do they come there to participate in religion or to see a damn football game?
Sometimes I don't even think they really even realize what's going on.
Oh, yeah, right. Give me a break. Come on.
They know exactly what's going on.
That Getski's out there. Do you see that bitch with that red dress?
With that checkerboard dress, was she look like Aunt Yamama on a bad day?
Yeah. And I got to agree with you too about what you guys were talking about yesterday.
I don't wash my hands after I go to the urinal.
Rick Riley is like a fuss budget. He's obsessed. He's like, how are you?
If you've seen Rick lately and see that the schmutzie way that he looks, I mean,
what's he worried about cleanliness for crying out loud?
I mean, I know. I'm quick.
Looks like Charles Manson on a bad day lately, and he's worried about cleanliness.
He's probably got more schmutz grown in his beard than on for any 4,000 toilet seats.
That's true. He does look like Grizzly Adam.
Exactly. All right, Neil.
Okay, pal.
See you, buddy.
See you on your seat.
That's the seat you ought to be worried about is the one you're paying big money for.
Okay, everybody stand and wave those banners now. Everybody stand.
Oh, geez. Like I said, go into a sporting event nowadays.
Everything is orchestrated. Every time you fart.
Okay, everybody squeeze real hard now. Oops. Sorry. I thought it was going to be a fart.
Everything has got to be orchestrated. Just like with the music.
Just like with the same stuff.
I mean, if each team was like a little bit different, a little original, I had different music they played.
Why doesn't it have to be the same music in every stadium and every arena? Okay?
That's sports music.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Why do we have to keep doing that? Why do we, can't somebody assassinate Gary Glitter already?
First it was 6 pack, next it's Gary Glitter. That's what I say.
Get his ass enough with that.
Geez, the same title.
How is it that years ago we went to a sporting event and they didn't have all of this.
All this plastics, synthetic, artificially generated enthusiasm.
You want to know why? Because it was exciting.
It stood on its own.
Not anymore. Most of what you go to now is so watered down and so like that game on Sunday.
I don't care what anybody says. That was really weak. It was ponderous.
I don't know, it's great we won. Okay, we won so it was great.
Exactly, if we win it's great and if we lost like 74 to 73 and over time, then it would have been boring.
Here's the lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes ma'am.
You won't keep talking about men whether they wash their hands or about women.
We don't have any women listening. Why should I be asking about that?
Well it's true, I mean for women.
You've got a little problem there that we don't have.
But there's another way.
Although I do know some men who sit down to pee though, but that's beside the point.
But we also have to touch the toilet with our hand.
Then we have to turn on the faucet, turn it off and then we have to go over to the wash to get a paper towel and push that thing down to get...
You have to push that thing down, yeah.
To release the paper towels.
But then come your hands up till the against.
I think I brought up the definitive and I stopped everybody in their tracks yesterday.
All these fuss budgets that are so worried about germs.
And I asked that one guy, I said before your lady friend, the administer is oral sex.
Do you wash off your arapinas and he said no.
Now why are you laughing?
Is it really disgusting?
Is it more disgusting than talking about taking a dump?
No.
I don't think there's anything disgusting about oral sex?
No, but the whole side.
What about her? Does she make the guy?
Yeah, well that's what I was getting to that.
I was leading up to the trying gently.
So?
You make your husband, your boyfriend, your boyfriend or both.
You make them wash their penis before you would do it?
No.
Why not?
Because I don't think about it, I guess.
Oh, and now let me ask you, where do you think there are more germs on the toilet seat or on that thing?
On the toilet seat.
You really believe that?
I don't know, I really don't know.
Now don't you read in your newspapers almost every day about all the, you know, you can't get AIDS on a toilet seat.
But I mean, don't you read about all these sexually transmitted diseases?
Yeah.
Purpees and all this other stuff and hepatitis A, B, C and D.
Now let me ask you something, how many people do you know that pick up stuff off a toilet seat?
I don't know anybody who ever has.
Ah, how many people do you know that picked up something through a sexual encounter?
I don't know anybody.
Well, you don't know anybody, but you know there are a lot of groups.
I can't admit it in any way.
Huh?
Nobody would admit it.
But you know that there are millions who do?
Yes.
Millions.
Well, there's one thing you can't get, venereal diseases or any of that from in Italy.
You remember?
You remember a lot of those restaurants that you would go to, it's just like a hole in the floor?
Did you go to any of those?
No, I've never seen no.
As a matter of fact, I was in the L1 where there was like a hole in the floor, right?
But not like not the way you make it sound.
It's like a ceramic, but it is a hole in the floor.
Yeah, I mean, it's exactly and then it's co-ed and so there's one for ladies and one for men.
It's just you share it.
Yeah.
One at a time.
But I mean, oh my god, we were in Venice and they had those all over and same with Verona and Pauno.
I think they just do it in the canals in Venice.
Oh, that is.
You're right.
I was never, I never go back to the city.
Everybody's going to go to the hotel.
I've never been there and I have noticed there, if I want to see dirty water,
I can just go out here and look in the bay and watch the, you know, the water change to deep brown.
I don't need to go to Venice.
I also have to ask you another question.
What do you think of the new dolphin cheerleaders?
No, he's really saying anything and they made such a big thing.
I think they're, you know, being one who doesn't really care myself for obvious reasons.
But I think that they're highly overclad.
I think that they have too much clothing on.
Oh, really?
Don't you?
I thought that they brought in the director of the cowboy cheerleaders who were, you know,
bambi woods and all those.
I thought they brought those people in and they were going to really jazz it up.
But Wayne, of course, wants this very state, this family environment, you know,
it's got to be PG rated so they got all this extra clothing on.
Right.
The guys that come out there to see the cheerleaders, they don't want to see that.
They want to see him naked.
They want, at least, topless.
Against the wind.
Right.
So how about my green bay package?
They're awesome.
Aren't they?
They really are.
Yeah.
Did you look at the four tolls straight in our clothes that they did on them?
Yeah.
It did a nice job.
I think they're going to be the team to beat it.
I really do, right?
As of right now.
As of three weeks.
One other question.
In closing, yes.
I don't understand.
We have that little farm leak for the panther.
The what?
The little farm leak in Greenboro, North Carolina.
Yeah.
South Carolina, wherever it is.
Yeah.
Do we pay them as part of our budget?
As a Panther budget?
Does that come out?
Do they get salary there or just very minimal?
And can we call them up like a baseball leak?
Yeah, we can call them up.
But as far as the salaries, I don't know how that works with the affiliates.
I have no idea.
I don't, I mean, it doesn't come out of the Panther budget.
They have their own budget.
They have their own, you know, attendance and their own, whatever.
But I don't know how that works.
But yeah, we can call them up.
Because they said that they have 44 players now and they're going to narrow it down to 30.
Yeah.
Would they all go to the final leak then?
Or a lot of them will just...
They're going to the farm.
Okay.
And some of them are buying the farm.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Have a wash that thing off.
Yeah, okay.
She never thought about it.
See, leave it to me to come up with the instant rebut for the silly fuss budget.
Oh, I'm washing off that toilet seat and the knobs on the sink and...
Yeah, right.
All the things that people put right in their mouths just imagine the germs,
the teeming germs.
If you only had a microscope, ff.
Wouldn't stop me.
1038 at WIOD.
Bob Rubin and Dave Hyde with Jeff DeForest, the sports writers on the radio.
Sports talk worth remembering.
Thursday night to 6 p.m. on news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
When you talk live on 610 WIOD, you'll be recorded and we'll play the tape back whenever we feel like it.
But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to give.
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world.
But at least wash it off.
Well, you're pleased. 1041 at WIOD.
We got an open pair in Broward.
Thanks to Steven up in Wilton Manners, who knows who he is.
For a cent of me, a couple of mafia books.
There's one called Gang Land by Howard Blum, Bloom, how the FBI broke the mob about John Gotti.
Soon to be a major motion picture, it says from Columbia Pictures.
And the war against the mafia by Tim Shawcross, the inside story of a deadly struggle against the mob as in...
Oi!
Thank you, Steven.
Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Dale?
Okay, sir.
You heard about that guy that caught that molested that little kid in the park.
Yeah.
Did you hear what happened to him in jail?
Yeah, they beat the crap out of him. I say, hallelujah.
Yeah, he's going to get it every day until they kill him. He's going to end up like Dahmer.
Yeah, great.
All right, that's it. I'm going to get that.
Thanks for the good news, okay?
We have an open line on a purple line, pound IOD, mobile 118T wireless.
Do you hear that Abe Lincoln's got a headache?
Two open lines in Broward, 5249463, 5244WIOD.
Jere Aaron Summers wrote a letter to the editor in the Miami Herald
and about the fact that she was looking for a job since early in the year.
And about she also thanks Bob Green of Cox Broadcasting and Mark Lass of Press Broadcasting
for carrying passion phones.
Both companies believe in my freedom of speech.
It's been my pleasure working for both of them.
Yeah, that's why they took you off the year, sweetheart.
Oh, that's right. It was Paxton took him off the year.
Sorry.
As if she would have still been here anyway, right?
Here's a Paul Harvey Jr., who just can't stop.
You know, her show was an innovative for about a week.
Yeah. And that was that.
Well, she had like four or five topics.
And after you are exhausted with four or five topics, what are you going to do after that?
I don't know.
Are they big? Are they small? Are they round? Are they huge?
Yeah, all that? And that was the end of it.
I've got a tag.
But she had a great ass.
Did she? I don't know.
She had a dynamite ass.
Really?
That's the one we're in the building. She had the best ass in town.
The worst show and the best ass, okay?
Didn't make much of a difference.
Now, you see, now when we get a new show, what we're going to do is go out and look for somebody with the worst ass
and then they might have the best... Like me, I got the worst ass in a great show.
Oh, God.
I can visualize this pimple.
Oh, Jesus.
You're a good one to talk about complexions, man.
Man is phenomenal.
Oh, you know something? He's always Chris Moro, okay?
One thing about you is you're consistent.
You're tasted in your rectum.
You know what? And so is yours.
Yeah.
So is yours.
Listen, the hole in the ground is more sanitary than sitting on a seat.
Because you never touch anything.
That's true.
Unless you have a little slip and fall.
Oh, man.
And let me ask you, is there anything wrong with standing up to wipe your butt?
Meaning what?
Oh, because my wife thinks I'm insane.
I've asked a couple of Italian friends of mine, and they all stand up to wipe their ass too.
So they don't know anybody, I don't know anybody in the world who stands up to wipe.
I'm sorry, but I do.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Now, are you looking in the mirror while you're doing this?
Yeah.
What's the set for?
It's on ass face, folks.
Love you.
Let me ask you, what's the sense in washing your hands in a public place?
Because as soon as you grab the door knob, you know a half million other people did wash your hands.
Yeah.
You got to grab the door knob to leave so you contaminate yourself again.
So why you want to do that?
Don't you understand it's a mindset.
In other words, people, this is just like the people standing up for the prayer at the ball.
It's the same thing.
People are easily conditioned.
So they've been conditioned to believe that the worst germs, the ones that are definitely going to get you,
are the ones associated with, and with, with, with, with, with, those two bottles.
And, you know, the only functions, that's where the evil germs are.
Squirt, squirt is actually sterile.
Yeah.
But people don't, I believe that.
I mean, in here, what Rick Riley was saying about the backwash?
I don't watch, I don't listen to a show.
Why not?
I don't know.
Oh, you don't want to be the one who's at it?
Hey, they went up to a two-nine, man.
Okay.
Which isn't the two-two, but it ain't too good.
But I mean, what can I tell you?
Okay.
They'll be great in the afternoon.
Oh, they'll be.
They better be.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think they will be.
They used to be.
The wheel of meat and that, the cow noises.
And you remember all that crap?
The prize a**.
The cow?
Oh, yeah.
All that stuff.
Spencer said he's got a prize a**.
He'll say, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You want to know the definition of waste of money?
And what is that?
Nilo Donald's contract.
Yes, that's right.
Is he the biggest dip?
You know, you know, something, professional sports is 90%.
I mean, if I weren't such a big hockey fan,
I would just forget about all of it.
I'm so fed up.
I'm so disgusted with the Nike logos, and, and, and, I mean,
commercialization is one thing but it's got a such madness now and the worst part of it is
the skies the limit the public has an insatiable appetite it's like the
Tyson fight he could fight Spencer and you'd have like twenty million guys
spend fifty bucks to watch it last four seconds i don't want to watch Spencer get his
teeth knocked out i don't know one idiot i pay for that i don't know one idiot that
paid for that fight
you're right i don't know what plenty of them did they made millions of bucks pal
unfortunately i think hockey is about five years behind basketball football and
and baseball as far as the big not in my life
but look what what's the ambies book making
that it's never gonna happen the revenue isn't there i i i i i i i i hope not
the big bucks in those other sports comes from television and you're never
gonna have the kind of interest unfortunately
but well maybe fortunately you're never gonna have that kind of money flowing in
hockey that you do in those other sports but how do you not there i mean what
did the sport become so i mean it's getting hot now let's get it's not it's not
gonna happen you don't think no i don't see why not an addition to which for the most
part you're dealing with these you like robby need a my okay i had dinner with him
the other night i don't want to drop any names but here's a nice little kid from
medicine had what you know he satisfied with uh... million or whatever you know
he got a nice bonus he satisfied with whatever he's getting
yeah and we can buy he can afford to buy a fancy meal at chiles
what are what are his toilet habits like i don't know i'd say yesterday i didn't
follow him in there okay but next time when you meet him i'm sure you'll be the
one have a good yeah exactly yeah that's a good excuse oh i wasn't following
into the rest room i just wanted to check out your uh... toilet habits were
taken a survey right what do you want Spencer why you stand there holding up
the door did you know that rick rally had a two nine in the last
trend are you impressed by that say no okay
Spencer's not too happy with that number rick you're gonna have to butch it up
in the afternoon they'll be all right exactly the or else right they'll be
all right or else right that's what Spencer said get out of here now
when we say dolphins on radio we mean
cemperin mad dog he's in for a touchdown just
for by a dolphin so right turn down to you then crank up the dolphins
and the only radio station you remember when the dolphins play
news check out name of radio six ten
w-i-o-d
charade with my calls in the 306 how's everything going
long this falling while i was here here shank acid
this is Kansas
i love it i uh i wish i don't what's going on here it'd be uh it'd help me out
some a little bit
we're gonna we're gonna try and play from Kansas and dust in the wind at 308
this is my close on it
care kee
you can work for us though because you said hot dang
anyway it's 1053 at w-i-o-d so anyway i'm looking at the coast numbers and man
talk about taking a swandaive especially guess what day part they really
went in the toilet morning three point oh in the morning for johnny dole and i
mean when the coast gets down to a three when you're cranking out a hundred
thousand watts of FM power when you're cranking out glorious estiphan non-stop
and michael boltin over and over again until you want to puke your brain
that and you can only get a three point oh i'd say not only are those ugly uh
pictures and caricatures but the handwriting's on a wall too johnny that's what i
would say for johnny dole and but have an ice day johnny we wish you a best
of luck in the industry and don't forget make a lot of crank calls to all the shows okay johnny
it's been nice knowing it by the way you do still look like a fat puffed up chip monk
that's one thing about johnny you can't say he has no nuts
here's a boi-ton beach hello boi-ton beach is gone okay thank god for that you know
who that probably was here's Miami hello hey nila you're hot tonight yeah i am uh i guess what
in this afternoon too are my social environment teacher you're what that nut that social
environment teacher i have is that guy used to have on before what are you talking about
there's what language are you speaking okay here we go your social environment teacher
yes i go to mdcc right okay my teacher man this guy talks like you looks like you and everything
and i'm like oh my god wait i got to ask this guy and i told him eight do you listen to nil
and he said of course not he said what listen to nil he says he invited me to be on his show
who is it what's his name the guy he told me to tell you remember about the uh the baby dinosaurs
oh yeah dino sissa relly yeah yeah that's the guy okay thanks a lot pal good to see you're
getting a good education what language was he speaking we have an open line at day 751 we got a
big open pair in palm beach your days are numbered like in single digits 1 800 nine four four nine four
six three one eight hundred oh won't that be a bad break when paul harvey jr has to pay for the
call a call a long distance won't that be bad boy sure hope it don't cut up down on the frequency
of his calls or as you're in nation here's my me springs hello hi nil yes sir uh back to the
standing for the yes thank you prior stuff uh these people are idiots first of all stand up for that
but wait a minute how come it is that only the people who agree with me are calling it i want to hear
also from the people who do stand up i want it maybe i'm wrong huh maybe i'm this respectful
i don't agree with you halfway because i don't even stand up for the flag well that's uh your
that's up to you stand for the flag isn't that the same thing you're just being like a sheep there
no i'm not i do it because i choose to do it because i respect the what it stands for sporting
events even when you go to the track they have the national anthem at six o'clock it's it's a
tradition there's nothing but sheep again no i'm not you you do it if you want and if you don't
if i didn't feel like doing it i wouldn't do that either i'm not being a sheep i do it because
every you know i show a little respect for the flag that's all so it's done it it's done at every
sporting event all over the world's done at the Olympics it's done at soccer games baseball
it's a tradition religious exercises don't take place at any other sporting event in the world
anywhere accepted football game well that's a tradition too i can't they do that to them it's
but it up making up pointing it out to you it's not a tradition it's not a sports tradition it's an
NFL tradition it's been foisted on the public okay whatever well they're just idiots to stand for the
flag or that i mean i think you ought to just sit down for the flag oh yeah in other words you're
telling me what i ought to do is that it i'm not telling people that they ought to sit down in other
words if it doesn't bother them fine it doesn't i have no problem with that i know there were a lot
of people who don't believe in all i'd bullcrap and they still don't have the guts to sit down i think
it's a little hypocritical for you to know it is not in other words i i pick and choose okay i
pick and choose i'm not i'm not just out there to be some kind of a protester and everything that
everybody else does i'll do the opposite just to be contrary which sounds to me like what you're
doing i respect the flag okay i don't mind if somebody burns the flag i don't give a crap about
that but if they're gonna have the national anthem i'll stand it's it's there's nothing wrong with
what does the flag have to do with football and let me say it again every sporting event in the
world football baseball hockey the racetrack every sporting event in the world they do it so
tradition and there's some tradition there's some there are some traditions that are worthwhile and
there's some that are a bunch of crap that's and you don't want to differentiate you're saying
that everything that's tradition is bullcrap no i think it's bullcrap the thing for a piece of
why do you what time do you what time do you eat dinner i eat dinner whenever i'm hungry
yeah what do you eat for breakfast i eat a bagel some coffee oh coffee why do you have coffee
in the morning because it makes me feel good yeah right it's tradition well why don't you have a
stake in the morning well i don't eat meat why don't you have like you don't eat meat no
oh listen i don't have time for you we have all the lines in date is another guy he just is on his
own more power to you pal do your own thing but don't try to tell me what to do seven five one nine
four six three and date seven five one here's a intolerant militant that's what this guy is i'm not
telling you to be militant i'm telling you to use your brain grow a little pair that's all
and if you don't want to stand up for the flag then ain't gonna bother me either i don't care
pick and choose instead of just being let around by the nose but the oh and i haven't heard
and i won't hear from one i won't hear from one person today who stands up for the invocation
at those ball games not one i can you can bet on it here's port saint lucy hello hey nil yes sir
hey you're rolling i stand for the invocation i was there last sunday yeah i thought i
believed what i called about you know i just i believe in it so i choose to stand i mean i
respect anybody's opinion not to that's fine with you okay you believe in it though i believe in
god sure okay and you believe in whatever religion they're peddling at that time i thought it was
a great invocation she told him to get ready to rumble i thought it was hysterical but that's the
point it's a joke well you know whatever do you think that if there is such a thing as a
make it do you think that if there's such a thing as a god that he cares whether the dolphins
win a football game uh she didn't say who was supposed to win the hell she didn't uh i couldn't
hear it that good i was up in those believe oh but it was great but you couldn't hear it and once
you went on about uh give to Danny marino strength on his birthday so we can uh kick some ass right
i guess he did say that yeah right we're really star for a good radio up here in the treasure
coast i'm sitting out in my car with like a eight foot streamer of aluminum foil from the antenna
yeah i wish we could get something besides that jn o's why am i hearing that echo it's not turning it
up no it's not that's not the delay yes i'm sorry it's not the delay George it's like it like one
second afterward it's uh i don't know what it is what is it hello yeah i have not
idea i guess you're having technical problems on this phone line oh is it yeah yeah anyway i just
uh wanted to you still play that bridge tender bit we have an open line in uh the purple line
there where this clown was at the pound iod we have one in a broard five two four nine four six three
five two four w i o d what did he want to know what was the question do we still play well with a
bridge tender no say it's like this six ten no no no no no you talk and entertain the radio six ten
w i o d only my queen god
mr satan you're really mean i bet you never thought we'd intervene your filthy greed has caused you to
blunder and now your diaper headed days are numbered your madman sad i'm saying i think that you
must have said on the brain we'll blow you to smitheree mr satan you're gonna get cream
um
that
you crazy
we're looking for you on our radar screen
so come out where you can be see mr satan you will please believe mr satan
you will get cream
you
look at all six at w i o t so anyway you know i made a very simple point okay and that is that we all
or most of us accept the illegal aliens and the nose pickers and people like George will pretend to be
americans but everybody else who's like at the game is an american citizen so when they you know
put up the flag and they play the national anthem it's not i don't think it's inappropriate to
expect that because it's long standing tradition in all sports that everybody would stand or
unless they don't want to which is okay too but the thing about the religion is religion is a
entirely different thing it's personal it's private it's idiotic and it is whatever it is and as
i said before there's Methodist and there's Jews and there's all kinds of glam and there's Arabs
and there's Muslims and there's atheists and there's uh seventh-day Adventist and there's morons
and there's uh christian scientist and Scientologist and El-Ran Habbab and all of those different people
there it's not the appropriate place to have a and every time they have somebody come out there one
week it's a priest then it's like we had this broad the other day this preacher whatever she is the
preacher bit and then we have the rabbi it's it's not right and it doesn't make any difference how
clearly you show it right up there on the big board in the sky oh no you know you're you're just
a party pooper that's all we just want to go along and have a good time that's all we have 20
beers by then anyway you don't care okay here's a mobile in north Miami hello
may need a good morning yes sir you know it's it's sad but people can't understand that it's your
your choice you choose to do what pleases you yeah but if you tell them that I don't agree with
that's why should it be you know if they would just say hello that's fine I choose to stand up we'll
then stand up but I but I'd like to find out why I want to find out why they're standing up for
example if they got a Catholic priest saying a prayer right and then the thing that really
calls me is when they start throwing around the Jesus name in the middle of it when there's all
the Jews in the crowd you know well the thing is some some people because they are sheep they
regardless of the religion they stand up to show respect for you know someone else is really
if they choose to do that that's fine I mean I don't I don't think that's why they're doing it
I don't think that has anything to do with sheep and you know they just all right everybody stands
up take it if you go in an elevator and everybody turns turns around and looks you the direction
you're gonna do it too or most people are too yeah I would say these people are freaking crazy
you know but there are people 90% of the people out there no not 90% 99 and 9 10%
right whatever they whatever the PA announcer tells them to do they'll get up and do it of course
do the stress the hokey poke you whatever that's right yeah they were even doing the hokey
poke at Marlon games in the beginning until they got laughed off the field if the guy says take
off your pants and they start to see other people doing it don't do it too oh people have no mind
they have no soul they have no balls and you know they just go with the crowd that's why
did you live them sheep and you're right talk about a lack of backbone and it's pathetic that's
just the way it is because they'd rather be they don't want to be different and and yet you know
football more than probably any other sport even more than hockey because football so much more
popular football is associated with this macho mentality you know it's a real physical ass kicking
game and so you assume that the people who come to see football games and pay their hard earned money
are very similarly minded you know they really want to see the contact they want to kick some a
the main time there a bunch of pussy's whatever they tell them to do they'll get up and do it
the only two or three people in the stadium at the time with balls are on the field and those are
the referee and that's it no one else has any balls people the society the way it is people would
rather blend in and stand out and be different and be right or wrong it doesn't matter they just
where they will not all but let's do like everyone else does I think this country needs a ball transplant
if you ask me we need we need okay pal and a new phone we have an open line in day 7519463 751
WIOD we got a big pair and Broward a big pair 5249463524 WIOD here's a mobile in Jupiter hello
hey how you doing now okay sir hey I don't have no problem with people not standing up for the
the religious part but I got to tell you I do not understand any American or anybody that's
in America they can't stand up for the pledge allegiance I don't think a lot of legions when do we
do that well he starts being a banner yeah I just don't think that's right why well I don't know
it's a feeling on the inside I can't I don't know if I could put it in words but if you don't like
it then you could just haul ass you don't have to you know you could get on your plane and go to
any country you want I think it would some other resolves kids that got shot at Kent state when
Nixon was a busy killing innocent people that was okay is that what you're saying because they were
absolutely not I'm talking about a flag I'm not talking about it yeah but they but they were
they were taking a stand against their country though and you're saying that if you don't support
your country you ought to get me I didn't interrupt you all I'm saying Neil I don't think
standing up for the star spangled banner is the same as backing the government because I am almost
the most anti-government person I know yeah and but I would stand for the well listen uh basically
I don't disagree with you because it seems to be very little to ask it's just it's just a it's just
a gesture of respect but but but but again I still say if this guy doesn't want to stand I'm not
going to get bent out of shape that's up to him it's not a big deal yeah I don't know though the
the way he sounded he sounded like he just wanted to all well he sounds to me like you know he's
of edgiterian he's this he wants to be on the whatever you do he's going to do the opposite so hey
that's up to him hey listen I used to live in Miami I moved up to the Port Seyloose area where I
got to tell you I know it's a little boring but the people the people houses and stuff are a little
bit different but we I do miss you and I and I like to listen until you I'm on my way to Miami now
yeah but I got to tell you're you're you're a good guy I know you want to you want to hide that part
of you but you are a good guy I'm a great guy okay one of the best I think okay pal see you I'd say
one of the very best we have two open lines and that's what Bob Green said this morning great guy
what's going on here lately man you just can't do it can you and this has happened this summer
on those of us on a year here we're not going to take the blame for it we against all the odds in
the world and one of the most incredibly negative environments in the history of the human race that's
been going on here for four months and that's been made a hell of a lot worse than it had to be too by
the way we've just somehow managed to keep our heads above water but you folks man you have been
so recalcitrant so retarded that it defies description you have nothing to say no matter what it is
that we're talking about except hey you still play the bridge tender yeah we playing with a bridge
tender we got his left arm on a ceiling and we got his rectum on the wall how do you like that we're
playing with them right now 751 9463 and date we got two open lines in Broward 524 WIOD we got 48,000
open lines on the green lines in Palm Beach 1,800 rectum 1113 at WIOD heaven
with this run and run coming Monday September 30th radio's bad boys are back in South Florida
run and run back in mornings but now on this radio frequency
use log and entertainment radio 610 WIOD you think Jennifer's tried to be a little pushy or something
she just handed me this again didn't she give me this yesterday but she's right I forgot to read it
hawk to retire in style Andre Dawson night set for Saturday pro player stadium PPS PPPUK
the marlins announced to honor Andre Dawson with a pregame ceremony on Saturday September 21st
that's this Saturday when the marlins host the Astros at 705 PM no more activities and announcements
will take place to celebrate the hawks major league baseball career and in addition the first 25,000
fans attending will receive a collector phone card featuring the future hall of famer with a
recorded message and it's said her and so on Andre Dawson God babies okay in my book classy guy
like I said but what do you care okay 751 WIOD 524 9463 and Broward 1 800 and we'll give you 45 or
60 other numbers too that'll kill some time just brutal man they and it's always been this way
you bring up something like this it's like they don't know how to react they just don't know how
and they can't disagree intelligently they can't legitimize they can't give you an answer as to why
they just go along with the crowd and why everybody has to be sheep they won't don't want to admit it
here's Pemberg Pines hello hey Newell how you doing okay picked up a small dish about a month ago
yeah and as far as the picture you were just a little bit off on it it's not almost three
dimensional it is three dimension yeah unbelievable that's great as far as looking at the
to look at the pens on kbl i'm going to be able to get them on kbl correct if you have yeah one of
the things that bother me was I also wanted to order the um the cbs a bc fox affiliates I wanted
them all I don't want to see anything on regular tv yeah when I called to do it they're telling me
that because I still have cable from other tv by do you see you blew it you blew it you blew it
can't get it because yes you can get it you got a lie well where do you live Pemberg Pines
well sure they don't know what Pemberg Pines is you could say I can't get I can't pick up the local
affiliates I got a crappy reception oh boy you didn't lie I didn't know well they got to tell you
that when you get your satellite guy he's got to tell you lie a lot and they'll let you get the
network affiliates you didn't tell me I'm going to go after him for that yeah but the other day I
guess you you could you could still call him in you'll be talking to somebody different anyway
and just tell him that you know you've had it for however long and you can't you can't pick up
the network affiliates where you are they don't know where Pemberg Pines is they haven't got any
idea word yeah they're not going to trace me down of course not good I'll disguise my voice got a
lie a lot I mean it's unfortunate but they force you into these situations and so people do it
because as far as getting anything else I mean for for the two and a half years I've been out
here of course with the cable that I have geez I try to watch money and I football I got 13
shadows I got everything else ridiculous I think I will do that I'll recall them and tell them
a little fib and sure that'll be that but I'm glad you enjoyed yourself on Sunday down at the
pp oven huh not in the least yeah you have taken them bro that was one of the least it but why I don't
understand first of all I still can't figure out how I got sunburn sitting on a shady side for four
hours secondly I never heard from anybody who sits over on the other side I do know they were
telling me before the game that everybody on the other side sits there with just all kinds of
sunblock and creams and lotions and potions which they must have to because I can't imagine getting
out of there without at least 10 melanomas and it was just stifling I mean football in mid-September
in his town man I got that without the dome it's a rough it's a rough go I've already got that
lick because number one I bought the Sunday ticket number two I'm a stealer fan and I wouldn't
go down there if they paid there you go I sit in front of the 50 inch TV watch the direct ticket
and forget I mean I'm trying I really am I I bought the tickets because of Jimmy and I figured we
got a whole new regime going and you know it's at least going to be something exciting and different
and I'm trying to be you know force myself to be a dolphin fan again and I just don't know I'm
really torn I'm just not into what I just you know watching on TV when you can sit there and you're
comfortable and you relax you don't have to go through the traffic and the parking and the
bull crap absolutely what's the different I don't get it the way you were talking the other day I
can just tell I give you a couple more weeks beside the fact I mean I did not have a good time okay
and in the past even when they were mediocre games I generally thought you know at least
had a fairly good time didn't have a good time on Sunday in the least not in the least bit it was a
very crappy experience even though you got a couple of biggies coming up and a couple of big
Monday night games you know want one even against my boys I'm not even going to go down there for
that because I can see the night games at least you don't have the problem with the discomfort it's
not as uncomfortable but your jammed up there but by the night games on Monday night games here
man there are more drunks and more a rowdy and hysterical it's that's not a pleasant deal either
well that's true that's true but I think I'm going to give I'm going to give him another shot I got
a couple more days and then I'm going to change my programming there I'm going to give him another shot
and tell him I got all kind of problems yeah tell him you got nothing but dark shadows thank you sir
okay pal take care pays to lie that's our that's our message we have an open line in day
7-5-1 we got all our browards sitting there just sitting on our haunches waiting for us to
do a tap dance for him waiting for Sammy Davis to come back 5249463524 wiod in
our 1122 use talking entertainment radio 610 wiold
oh
but drink i think I love you
But I gotta know for sure.
Come on, let me pull you tight.
I think I'll goose you.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Bunch 3.
Let me see your S-Sling.
Be my plaything.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bunch 3.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bunch 3.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-b
um-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
So, there's the problem on this radio station is the damn women out there and get in back one of the thing about to think with washing your hands I was just thinking about people sitting their cars with their hands on the steering wheel steering wheel loaded with germs touch in the ash tray touching the seat touching whatever touching somebody's seat and then they bite their fingernails right or pick their nose or pick their nose and chew it of course there's no germs and you know it's because you're just breathing the air out
there there's no germs in the air of course but it's another part of the conditioning so you've been you've been brainwashed into believing that somehow there's something dirty about going to the bathroom body
elimination therefore must wash those hands I mean just get out that lava soap with the pumice in it man and just build up a big ladder and wash that baby off and the hands too and in the meantime all the other stuff you do in all day long you're just
to inundate it with germs but hey it's who cares it's the good germs here's Viral Beach on the purple line hello you sir this line what is it you hear the line the feedback yeah it's that's the line it's the phone it's a connection what about
them unbelievable yeah 49 3 half mile track where was that Northfield no that was that Delaware oh a little brown jug coming up
yeah the senior little brown jug right so we're going to get a chance to hear Roger Houston screaming and puking his guts out yeah exactly or maybe he can have Jackie Lee
if you're letting he can say they're approaching the half mile pole 17 times during the race exactly right well no Roger likes to say now
fifth oh and by the way for that Detroit asshole that called yesterday I don't know this guy that called yesterday if he's
listening but I'm sure he is this miserable old fart this red wing fan which by the way the panthers made it to the finals and you
didn't Kevin Wallace they were I've had two more three more winners the other night Monday at Hazel Park he's still driving Jack
riggs went out of his way to talk about how he's smashing every record about he's not only the leading driver but also got the
leading training percentage and he went on and you'll adjust Kevin Wallace for like five minutes on the pass show from Hazel Park
last night so that guy can go back to Detroit and blow it out his rectum hey Neil yes sir what about Gregg's
wishing at the end of the game what about it he sucks loves it yeah he sucks Dave for God okay pal hey man as my buddy Dave
Paloan at the meadows to better get Roger Houston there at the meadows boy Roger Houston he is he's
mung on two legs we have two open line but again who's Roger what's he talking about say again I'm
talking about stuff that nobody out there because this is a very you've got to be pretty selective what you
talk about in this town I mean there's only like three or four categories and once you get beyond those
areas ever what what what language he be speaking I don't know let's talk some things that the Haitians
are interested in like dead chickens 75194663 well they like them right hey they know about sanitation they know
about the cleanliness and washing your hands they better because they're cooking in all those restaurants here's a
bokeh hello hey knowledge and education like you that's what's good y'all the one that's right yeah
is about dreams in the first place if you have moderation and flexibility and you can understand
to not be extreme and just go along with the program when you have to and not go along when it's
right to stand up a guy would encourage like you that's what we need yeah keep it up but I do not
choose to run so what because I'm fat because I'm fat and old and can barely walk thanks well yeah but
you could be a factor okay thanks next factor have a great day okay there you go there's one of my old
fart fans he likes me and then the other guy who said I wasn't such a bad guy after all there's two
and my mama she's still making lunch for me today she's okay once in a while so you see there's a few
people out there that's still like the old fart for whatever it is we have an open line on a green
line 1 800 944 it's pretty sad it really isn't I think I think it's partly I don't know who's fault
it is I'm not going to take any blame for nothing okay but when you got an audience oh you can
you play the bridge stand here can we get a shameless request they feel can you play huh it'll be
on the CD by the you can you play Harvey wireman again if you know it gets so stale so old and it
takes stuff that was really great and funny and creative in the first place and you buried you kill it
as opposed to be able to engage in the fine-out of verbal intercourse okay there's no germs involved
in verbal intercourse especially over the phone maybe that what now that we got these new phones
where you can see the other person you can also exchange germs that would be good especially
during the sx calls here's Palm Beach hello hey Neil yes sir hey doing great talking about the
religion yeah with the ball parts and stuff mm-hmm I'm not an atheist it's just that it's such a
sour note with the religion when you hear about like what's going over in the other countries are
killing each other over religion everything no kidding yeah how can you have a good feeling you know
you're supposed to go to the ballpark and commend not commend but respect it if they're doing it
the ballpark why I don't I don't know I'm waiting for somebody to tell me why it's not the place to
have a religious exercise it's not the place for it yeah I mean I want to pray say and especially
on a Sunday go go to church in the morning and say your prayers leave the rest of us alone already
with this crap yeah with this hocus focus where what's the uh oh god bless the referees and bless the
coach in the quarterback and bet on our team and it's Danny's birthday and hope that he kicks
them as let's get ready to rumble get out of here sweetheart go back and uh so some good some
knickers well the only thing I want to bring God into is God please lower the prices right
exactly and then lower the volume on that damn scoreboard my god no kid and it gets any louder in
there yeah haven't been to a game in a while I got a satellite in a big screen so I just
sit at home and isn't that great to be able to control your own volume you don't have to be sitting
there in the middle and the and your ears are have you ever been in a place where the with the speakers
are so loud that your ears hurt yeah worse than a rock concert yeah yeah well there you go George
was there last night to see kiss that's what I'm talking about your ears hurt and there's nothing you
can do you're sitting there and it's just ear piercing it's shattering well I call and they don't
understand this doesn't add to the enjoyment of the game it makes it it makes for misery right well
I called you a little while ago and I told you I went to uh marlin's game one day and some guy
spilled a whole beer down my back yeah before the game even started well he's to give you the
whole one anyway yeah he wanted me to wear his shirt it's like yeah right I'd rather go to the
bathroom and not watch my hands yeah okay okay I'm glad he had a good time too all right everybody
it goes to pro player park at the state whatever it is has a great time where is that Gary glitter
thing said in here I'm just gonna play that the rest of the day
hey all day over and over and over again
which is almost as good as the college but by notice one thing they haven't missed a beat they're
still playing the same old stupid marches then oh I think mandates is on the inside of something
there burger king has got a spot which they were running during the Michigan Colorado football game
and guess what they're playing what music they're playing they're playing the university of
Michigan fight song that how does it go I don't know how thank god I forgot how that goes I
oh every time I start doing one of those I do the Michigan state fight song all right
but then at the end they say eat like a Spartan pay like a Wolverine or no pay like a pay like a
pay like a that's what it should say pay like a Spartan eat like a Wolverine because in that cute
not they're playing the Michigan fight song on a net this is on national tv on a national
Burger King they can take the University of Michigan and stuff that along with their with their what
do they got with their wapper right up there that's what they can do hold the Mayo please hold the
pickle please oh I forgot to play that the other day remember the guy want to hear that to hold
your pickle thing okay 1137 a w i z here's something that looks like a pickle but it's not it's a
cigar 1 800 9 6 2 44 27 put something satisfying in your posts from Mike cigars
to protect your amateur status you'll get no pay for appearing on Neil won't like it the iod
amateur hour send your tapes impress yourself and humiliate your family Neil won't like it Sunday night
at 11 on news talk and entertainment radio 610 w i o d hey Casey I want to give you a gift
for your kids who do well in school and girls who don't get pregnant the rosy oh how boring
show is every fresh new show you're sure to enjoy if you're asleep officer prince wanted to
get his rocks off okay 1143 a w i o d Mickey worked there's got to be more cuts on there than that
I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that incomfinanciality have told me
how much of an asshole princes yeah and what what they'll just tap out of that now that's
that's interesting huh okay 1143 a w i o d we have the green lines waiting on you you'll be done
a few days by the way and thank god for that here's pember pines hello one journal new one
journal mico hey come over and i don't know if you heard this or not see a few weeks back the wife
and i were at comedy club in uh... davie uncle funny yeah and uh... the house comedian was a girl
and she gets up and does her thing for little bit and she says and now a new group that's on the
comedy scene bebebebe guess who on stage mark jayke pson and cocks
you get it hello you have to be no you must be yes i'm not you must be please say you're
kidding me i'll tell you what they came up on stage and guess i'm in the second row and i yelled
wait till new here's this
boy run to be got it he turned around and started laughing
boy i'll tell you one thing if george didn't like driving a camera so much i would go ape shot
right here on the urinal i mean how much money does mark jayke pson need to make i mean this
ego thing it's just like that tv show he's not doing it because it's a big money maker he's
doing it because he he really fancies himself as johnny carson jr oh it was i'm in not that i
just like or like them right but they're pathetic oh my god they did their routine they got
as little laughs as you could possibly were up about ten minutes and left you heard a hearty
that clap in the audience and off they went all god oh great the next time i go that i want to
check in just in case they're there again yeah yeah keep me posted that's it pal okay thanks for
the bad news hey look i don't come from a place where somebody says my i'm gonna walk away okay i
don't know maybe you're from a different planet i want to give you a kiss 1145 we have an
open line and broard 5249463524 wild and two on the green lines we've had a fantastic response
we've had 4200 people call in today who promised that they will never stand up again during the
invocation that they want to be part of this new movement to try to remove religion from football
and other places where it's totally inappropriate unwanted and especially when you got to pay to go in
we've had 42,000 people we have had 178,000 people all of whom were there on sunday
here's ghouls hello hey nail yes sir 178,000 and one yeah all right uh we got a little report that i
talked to you last week about the the acons that in the blood work yeah well colorectal was 261
when i started around six months i wasn't on the acons then but i had my blood then 225 now four
weeks yeah great fantastic everything's down including my triglycerides to what no it's everything
normal he was real happy with it beautiful and he just only take a little bit of niasin like 1500
milligrams yeah per day and now we bring the cholesterol down a little lower nice and we'll do it
that's it of course when you take niasin you get a little flush well let's go to yeah when you're on
the acons you don't get that that's right it's good it's nice to hear the sound of the flush on
the acons because it doesn't happen too often you're right yeah but everything else is working great
and keep the pro of the ball parks and out of the schools too amen amen god bless you my child take
it up okay see another great report on the acons this should be the big i know a lot of you
tired hearing about it especially all your skinny people to you but boy it should be the biggest
thing in america today and yet you know which was the bigger seller and i should i'm glad he
already called at least he can't call back the zone by dr. Barry sears or whatever very the
fairy whatever he is the zone in hardcover was for weeks and weeks there on the best sellers
outselling the paperback at kins dieth book which i do i don't get it i just don't understand it
because the the zone thing i mean to follow that you got to get your calipers practically and measure
the body fat you got to have this number and you got to multiply times this and then divide by
sixteen and subtract your uh dogs birthday it on and on and on it's just not a practical thing for
almost anybody in addition to which it doesn't address a lot of these other issues about like
blood sugar etc but hey what do i know right we have an open line i sure do like those
snickers ice cream cone bars though whatever those things are the the cones not the bars the frozen
sticker bars put the cones and i got to stop eating those all the mobile stations happened by the way
and also wall green's up there in a corner of sunrise in no bill what do you laugh in a vibe i got
i remember the thing with the drumsticks which gave me tinkerbells paulsey for a few days
and i'm sure that's what did it because i was eating those like six at a time i just went crazy
with those and now i'm sneaking the same thing with the snickers uh uh cones addict yes weak person
i'm that's right i'm uh no i'm eating them because i want to be fat to go back to rick you know
something rick some days you deserve a tutu and it looks great on you covers up that furry pus
but anyway no seriously i'm such a sugar addict it just uh and and not just a sugar addict but
even things like that have nutrisweet like those uh the popsicles that like are made with nutrisweet
but only have three grams of carb in each one if i eat one there's like twelve in a box i'll eat all
twelve i just keep going back to the chocolate and the phugicals too that then those have like eight
and they're with nutrisweet but it's the sweet taste it's addictive it's addictive it's a killer
baby and all you sugar cane people let me say it again i say a hundred dollar tax on an ounce of
sugar that's what i say they're finally clamping down on cigarettes well let's get to the real
heart of the matter okay and i do mean the heart of the matter let's get to america's number one
killer azul car baby sugar it's a killer i'm declaring war on sugar right now and i say at the next
game instead of that stupid invocation and having some getcha out there we ought to dig up what's
his name build up the or glorious swanson or put both their bodies out there and let them do a
little sermon for a minute about the evils of sugar so everybody can go running back inside and
get themselves an ice big syrupy coke with sugar or one of those are rapes that are rapes queen
they got in there they got the what you don't like those only had one of those the other day yeah
you don't like those with the cheese in them i like the cheese part but the corn meal is oh yeah
bad for you too by the way corn oh man i mean there are a lot of people out there that like
those especially Mexicans and if you're on the atkins corn is not allowed but keep in mind one thing
it'll make you sh** exactly and then you can go through the kernels it's 1150 a w-I-D
radio stations like to show off their awards for use but only one radio station wins the
award from the only judges who count top of mind number one news talk and entertainment radio
six ten w-i-o-d 1153 a w-I-d I guess Henry won't be invited back to joha to a pro a
phylactic park after what he said do you hear what he said at halftime on Sunday my fantasy is
I'll get my carpenters apron on and I'll comb my hair and go downtown
you
also said
we got some new potato chips cuz ain't got any fat but an hour after I ate them in the
john I sat I knew they had some side of six but I thought I'd take a chance but right after I
swallowed them I felt my colon dance a-o let's drum my bowels begin to seize I'm in the can
of squatting with my pants around my knees a-o let's drum now I'm afraid of sneeze because
it might feel something disgusting running down my knees well I should have seen that morning
that they put on the bag and I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag so
which few weeks them don't be surprised if your belly hurts and in about an hour you'll have the
elestra squirts a-o let's drum my bowels begin to seize oh I'm in the can of squatting with my pants
around my knees a-o let's drum now I'm afraid of sneeze because I might feel something disgusting running
down my knees 1155 at w-i-o-g we have two open lines and day 751 we have no women on the phone today
at all not one and of course like I said they're looking to research we don't have any out there
so let's hear from some Chinese guys today let's hear from some Mongolian idiots let's hear
from some japs let's hear from some Turks let's hear from some Arabs out there today come on let's
go 751 9463 let's hear from some Hispanic women that don't want free Luis Miguel tickets
here's the four-letter deal hello yeah I knew yes sir well Kevin Wallace first of all should be
a breaking record going against Vince Copeland and John Moody and Jeff James meaning what and
padded with meaning what means he's heading shoulder better than those guys yeah they got a
pretty good driver core and mission I hate to break the news to you why some of those races there
are just awful some of those guys meaning what meaning they don't pull when they should pull
here we go you sound like the guy from Detroit now they're crybaby now I'm like let me say it
again okay Joe Mars junior came out of Detroit George shortly came out of Detroit Chris Boring
from Detroit I mean some of the top Wally Mackle Marie senior that's Chris Boring son he couldn't
drive his finger up your back boom thank god because I bet the game and oh and you're praying for
I figure it can't hurt and yeah well at least here's an honest guy anyway yeah go broke
took some shots on you this while you were away oh while I was while I was away yeah while I was
away what a balsy guy fatso he said the IWLZ is a fake ship station oh he said that's old that's
it all I've been saying that for like 10 years yeah and then he used one of your lines he said he
had lunch here today now he's got the green apple quick uh huh where do you think he gets his
material yeah I heard that before some way yeah and yesterday he thank you about his original
as a fart and yesterday he's made it he's not he does not like hockey he was talking about the
cable company that doesn't have sports channels so that people complaining with a TCI or yeah and he
said that they have every right not to show it that they yeah I think they have the other cable
system or the other uh they own sunshine right and so they're in competition and why should they
show uh because they're supposed to be serving the customers not because they're supposed to be
protecting their own selfish interest well again because he's not interested in I guarantee if it
was some damn thing if it was a horse racer something they weren't showing he'd be foaming at them out
you know that and the funny thing about is if the pants is one to the Stanley Cup he'd be the
first one on the bandwagon just like just like last year he'd be sitting there right in front of
the arena with his fat ass parked right outside there pretending and talking about stuff he has no clue
about how you know something I I'm not going to repeat anything that was said to me that they other
than Robbie Needermire said that Joe Zagaki shaved his eyebrows off but I'm going to tell you the
players everybody associated with that team knows that the people at QAM and I'm not talking about
Chris Moore because he does the games but I'm talking about the so-called sports experts on QAM
everybody associated with that team knows that none of those people know anything about hockey
including Joe Rose including the Humster including Zagaki and Shapiro not they don't have anybody
on that station that knows anything about hockey and everybody knows that. They were in the team.
One Saturday they had that idiot Rose talking about who's he dating? Who's he dating?
Yeah right. That's that pretty cool. Let me tell you again because that came up during the conversation
at dinner time I can't I can't even begin to put into words how mortified he is by how stupid all
that crap is okay. He's like you're held by his answer. Right. He's uncomfortable when he knows he
knows that the reason that that keeps coming up in conversations because Gaptooth doesn't know
anything about hockey so it's a lot easier to try to make stupid jokes. Yeah it's easy. And
believe me if you met Robbie Needermire you know he don't need any help from Joe Rose getting laid
trust me when I tell you. Okay. Okay. I'll be a pop it on when are they showing
October 5. Okay. I'll be there. I'll go on MGM this week. All right. Okay.
Plunge your guts. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in date 751 Vince Copeland happens to be a
very good driver and so is John Moody and so is Jeff James. So I mean this poor guy must have lost
a few bets but hey I know my drivers man. I know Dave Pallon when I see him. 5249463 in
open line in Broward that's one way to kill the phone start talking to harness racing which is
said but like I said is this what is that what is that the buggy stuff but that's the guys with
the buggy's yet the buggy stuff by the way congratulations to Gary Sy Bell again I better keep
saying that so we make sure we're okay. Here's Fort Lauderdale on the purple line hello.
Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. We were the guys that visited with you before the game
from the other side in the sun. Yeah. I think you got sunburned from all the white people
bouncing the rays off to your side of the field. That must be it but mature was refreshing
being in the middle of so many white people too but they're also ugly. Well that's the problem
with in that particular area there's not very many young healthy looking women or men for that.
Right. No it's a very you know very smartly crowd. It is. We've been doing that for the last
couple of years with the invocation where we either don't get up or we leave our hats on or we
make jokes even when there's a rabbi up there. Great because we make jokes when they go
you know bless this and bless that and in the name of our father. Yeah. I always get up and I
yell cocks of hoist when they do that. The holy shul and all that other stuff. Well we agree
and we've been doing that and I think everybody in a stadium should just basically turn around and
moon. That next man. Just give me the idea. Fat rich promises he's going to be moaning the crowd
when they do the invocation. Excellent idea. Him and Carl the shudder man. Okay. That was the other
guy with the beer. Got to go. I'm not happy. I'm kipper. Thank you. Okay. And back at you.
Or whatever. If your refrigerator talks to you.
I'm following Phil Hendry. W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. I want to give you a new
appointment radio. 610 W I O D.
Goodly cloudy with a chance of showers and thunderstorms. High around 95 degrees 88 right now next news
update. One o'clock. Excuse me. That's okay. Bulletin Z at once. I'm Jennifer Rimm news talking
entertainment radio. 610 W I O D. This is Mike Prophy senior writer with the hockey news. They don't
come any better than Neil Roger. Here's the deal. If you can name the DJ who's on coast 97.3 FM right now.
We'll play another extra long 25 minute song set in media.
Hey you're right. It's Johnny Dolan.
Some of us first 97.3 FM the best of the 70s 80s and today with less talk.
Nice job, John. It's all yours still.
You know when you replace David K sports and you go down that tells you all you need to know.
Oh, three point. Oh, jeez.
Rekdom.
Oh,
oh,
Oh, that's it. That's the end. That's what you think.
Surprise. All right. Here we go.
Oh. I'm cute. Come on.
It's the pre-Fab 90s sports audience, baby. Here we go.
Break it up louder, man. Louder.
Hey.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
I don't like this great equipment.
Just like those great old RCA boards.
Oi.
Okay, killer. Jesus. God almighty.
Pre-Fab. Everything is pre-Fab. Everything.
Here's the big thing on a scoreboard. No, I said no. I'm right.
Oi. Okay.
Boy. Oh boy. Oh boy.
We have an open line in the blue line in Broward 5249463524WIOD.
Here's sweet water. Hello.
Hi. Yes, sir.
You mentioned something when I was on hold about Rick's furry push.
I don't buy his house one day and wave dead him while he was out screwing around in the yard.
You're seeing that man's back.
No, I have not. Thank God.
Oh, don't do this in the middle of lunch hour.
It's good. Yes.
I would imagine.
All right. Anyway, uh, and is back to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why do you do that to me every time?
Come on. Let's go.
Wasn't that good?
As far as lying to the dish company.
Right.
I live out in the sweet water.
Oh, you can't pick up anything except maybe a bad case of the crabs or something.
Oh, yeah. No, no, no.
They would not give me the.
Why didn't you just didn't do a good enough job of lying?
Yes, I did. I finally told him it was going to any four digit number on Avenue F and Fort Madison, Iowa.
Yeah.
Which my girlfriend owns the house.
Right. I mean, did that do it?
Yes. All right.
I get everything.
Like I said, you got a lie.
I didn't tell you which lie to tell whichever one that works.
I got a better deal on the sports packages.
Everything I had better deal on everything.
Right.
Because it was Midwest in the middle of nowhere.
Fantastic.
And that's our new deal now.
That's our motto. It pays to lie.
Uh, as far as.
That's why we call it W. Li.
Yes.
As far as potty paranoia.
Yeah.
I have an uncle that.
Twice a month or once a month goes and buys plastic garbage bags.
He always has two or three with him in case he has to use a public restroom.
A plastic garbage bag for the seat.
Yes. He cuts a hole in it.
To size. He's got a little template.
Did he use it? Right.
Why doesn't he just pull off by the side of the road and do a number in the bag for crying out loud?
Yeah.
And then when he's ready to leave the stall.
He insists on fleshing the stall or the commode.
With his foot.
Oh, yeah.
He won't touch it with his hand.
Right. Right.
And of course, when he do it with the bottom of your dirty shoe that makes it that much more sanitary for the next poor bastard that does it with his hand.
And the next flushes it too.
Yeah.
Uh, nice.
And one more thing you were talking about that access and parking it.
P.P.
P.P.
Place, yeah. Whatever.
I've been to.
Yeah.
You can do it. Come on.
Yes. I've been to Canada and yards.
I've been to Tiger Stadium.
Yeah.
There's no problem getting out of that place.
Right.
You don't have to work three quarters.
There never used to be any problem getting out of this place either until Wayne bought the stadium.
And now it's like a nightmare.
You can't get out of there to save your life.
You just can't do it.
I gave it.
I'd rather pay five bucks on the turn.
Pike at least get out of there.
You know, and it's quite droopled at all.
But at least let me get home.
Right.
Oh, last year I sat in the second row.
I think that.
