Music
Mod from the all-new all-digital Hollywood studio.
610 W.I.O.D. presents the Neil Rogers Show.
This is on today's call, 622 W.I.O.D. a day.
767 W.I.O.D. in Rower.
Soul 3888-949 W.I.O.D.
An 18C wireless and world-of-one customers can call Soul 3 at Pound I.O.D.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox and I listen to Neil Rogers because I can hear the word asshole.
Boy, when this quarterback gets lonely,
she likes receivers that are wise.
Some people say that number 8 is gay.
They say Troy loves the big brown eye,
Ackman.
Brackdom.
He goes down on his knees and he's a man.
His guy's he likes to please Ackman.
He loves to slap cowboys on their behind.
He's got a spotless reputation.
America's team is world renowned.
But is Troy gay?
I've heard some people say
In the heart he goes down Ackman.
He goes down on his knees and he's a man.
I can't some balls to squeeze Ackman.
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind.
Brackdom.
I can't believe it.
It's like we've been here all our lives.
We're in our brand new state of the art studios.
We're out of that dump.
We're out of 79th Street.
We're out of date county and all we can say is.
Oh my god.
We forgot a gigantic studio audience.
I'm going to do it for Alex Bennett.
It might work out okay for me.
Let me ask you something.
Is this sound okay in there?
It sounds sensational.
Better than ever.
It sounds too good to be you.
Did we get screwed last night?
What is that?
How do they know what the numbers are?
Did they give the number?
It's on the open.
It's on the open.
Jesus.
It's on the open.
I thought maybe these people were smart.
Who's going to be our first caller in our new studio's man?
Who's going to be our first caller?
I bet to the Paxon people know what big shooters they are.
Probably give like a million dollars.
To the first caller.
And like two million of the first caller in Broward.
And ten million of the first caller in Palm Beach.
Okay, this is an exciting moment, ain't it?
W-I-O-D.
Feel.
Yes.
Boy, I hope you're right about that.
Cash.
I need cash.
How are you?
We'll send you over little sack.
All right.
This is Bill.
Last year I don't know.
Bill, you don't sound very excited, but you're our first caller in our new studio.
I am excited for you.
If you could be in here and see this is like a palace, you could eat off the floor.
But the engineering staff says don't even think about trying it.
It is amazing.
Neil, you've never dropped any food in your life.
Yeah.
I've dropped a few times.
This is Bill.
I dropped off some Panther tickets for you last year to give away,
because I ate it from to go to waste when I couldn't make a couple of those games.
Yeah.
So I'm a Panther fan and boy, oh boy, Rimmer did a great job on commentary last night.
For him, yeah, was pretty good.
We got screwed, though.
I see my asses all I can say.
Leave it to that Pierre Rascal.
Leave it to a frog this ticket to us.
A frog in a backstabbing Russian.
Kovalev, who picked up his skate and let the puck go by.
There was, I was screaming when the lion's been put his hand up in the air to call the icing.
I said, there's no icing there.
You just knew they were taking it away from us.
We was robbed, man.
But you know something.
We'll still take the tie.
Bill.
Bill.
I think we just lost Bill.
That was a beautiful thing.
Did you patch your round and there was Bill or just a...
I didn't do it.
He just expired.
Nice going, Bill.
I'll have a great life.
Whatever you had, I hope it was good.
Good for you.
W-I-O-D.
Yes, sir.
You guys sound great.
Yeah, we do.
How were the fans' behavior in 106 last night?
I was only going to spend probably like an hour and a half, two hours on that.
Oh, no.
The first...
The first period, I gave him an A-plus.
I told all the guys there.
You've been spectacular.
I'm going to redeem you guys on the air tomorrow.
You were great.
The second period, I would give him like a B.
Okay?
The second period was okay.
They started to get...
Their attention span is a little on the short side.
They can use like some toys.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And the third period, I would give him like a C-
I'll be generous because I mean, here's a game where he had one nothing, right?
Almost the whole game, like from the end of the first period, almost to the end of the game.
And in the third period, after some of the guys, like two or three of them got on their 14th beer,
it started to get in just a little on the sloppy side.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Oh, Lord.
Wealth them in the shape.
Little on the sloppy side.
And then my give high marks to our friend Adam, though, who sits right next to me
because he kept yanking these guys by the back of the shirt.
Sit down, sit down.
You know, he knew that they were under great scrutiny.
And he was okay.
Nice job, Adam.
They didn't lean forward, did they?
No, they did not.
Good.
A couple of them, I think, might be leaning backward, but that's after the 20 or 30th beer.
It was okay.
A good time was had by all the ceremonies were great.
Did you see it?
Yes, I did.
What channel?
Yeah, and they hit it on, right?
Yes.
All right.
Hey, we're waiting here about Bobby Green and the Cox people.
Trust me, it only starts today.
I got stories that'll last from now until what year is it?
What century is it?
96.
Okay, you'll hear it, pal.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day.
You too.
Okay, beautiful.
I got to get used to all this stuff because, uh, look at that.
Now, let me ask you one question, though.
Let me ask you a question.
Why is it like line 13?
What is that?
George.
That's the mobile line.
We're working on the labeling and all that.
That's the mobile line?
That's the pound line.
Are you sure?
Yeah, trust me.
I'm just taking him.
Here's the purple line.
Hello.
Yes.
It does referee suck.
Yeah, they do.
And I'm backstabbing frog, Pierre Razzico.
I mean, he even set it on the air last night that he's added in for the, uh, the panthers.
The whole thing.
Well, Mark Faw set the referee has had it in for us for a long time and he's stuck to join out.
But the point is, when they blow a call like that and I just screwed it was apoplectic.
But when he blow a call like that, usually when it's that obvious, the referee will overrule him
and then they'll have the face off at center rice and they'll say we made a mistake and the face off goes to center rice.
Instead, it goes into our end.
The only, you know, I never would second guess my good buddy Doug McLean except, except I'll make one exception in this moment.
And that is if it would have been me at that point, I would have called my timeout.
They had the one timeout left.
I would have calmed everybody down because the guys were apoplectic.
They were very unprepared for that face off.
We never got control of it and they just kept whacking away there in front of the net and they stuck it in.
You're absolutely right.
Absolutely right.
If you would have just if Doug would have just looked across at it, given the high sound we'd have been alright.
Right. Well, but then again McLean was apoplectic too about the whole thing.
I mean, he was trying to get him to change the call.
Yeah.
Can he protest the game from that point on?
He's not going to protest the game on an icing call.
You can't do that.
Is that a judgment call?
Yeah.
Oh, okay. Because that's a shame.
But I want to tell you one thing, though.
Let me just say this.
Glenn Healey last.
I mean, Beeser played phenomenal.
He was great and we get to expect that every night.
But Glenn Healey played the game of his life for them last night.
If Healey wouldn't have played that game last night, you wouldn't have had to worry about any icing call because we'd had six, seven goals.
We'd have blown them out.
If Richter would have started last night, we'd have blown their ass out.
There's no question about Healey.
He was in another world.
Yeah. He really was.
Breakaway after breakaway after.
And then I hear these guys saying on radio, wow, you know, I guess the Ranger defense played pretty well.
What defense?
How can you have like six, seven, eight breakaways in a game and say the defense was playing pretty good?
Exactly.
You were listening on the radio?
Not on the way home.
Oh, okay.
This is in the post game analization when they were analyzing it.
No, I wouldn't listen to them.
But the TV was great that the ceremonies was fantastic.
Yeah.
I was really, really super job.
Really felt the sense of pride with that whole thing.
Yeah, it was great.
And let me also say this.
Did you notice and did anybody comment after Fitzgerald scored our goal?
No rats on the ice.
Not one, not a little teeny tiny one.
It was a beautiful thing.
You're right, except for the signs that said rats.
That was great.
That shows what class we got here.
I mean, during the opening ceremonies, there were like six rats thrown on the ice.
I don't want to say the guy with a green shirt who sits in our section three seats to my right who drinks 80 beers a game.
I don't want to say he was the one that threw three of those big rats on the ice, but I will anyway.
So it goes to show you like only two or three bows those out there.
Even during the ceremonies, we're so compelled with this that they had to do their rat number.
They'll grow up and hopefully they'll butcher up like the rest of Panther fans or great fans.
And they definitely deserve everything they get.
I'll tell you last night was it.
It was just like a playoff game last night.
The atmosphere in there was electric.
It was, you know, it was even better.
The quality of play.
The players were up to it too.
I don't think there's any left out from the end of last year.
I was afraid that there might be.
But the plane has them in shape and they look like they're ready to go.
Amen.
I'm looking forward to a great year.
Maybe undefeated. Wouldn't that be nice?
81.01. There you go.
Wouldn't that be something? Sounds realistic to me.
Good luck in a new place. Thanks for letting me in.
Thanks a lot, pal.
You're your first on the phone.
You used to be the purple line.
Yeah, are they color coded or not?
Now it's going to be the green line for all of Paxton's money.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
See, the cox sisters got a lot of money too.
In fact, they got $8 billion, which I'm sure Bud don't have no $8 billion.
But the only difference is he spends his.
For us, that's the big difference.
We're looking around here.
We got more money invested just around me within a five foot radius of where I'm sitting.
Then the entire cox broadcasting chain probably has.
And there are 1902 Marconi crap in that reject stuff that most stations will throw out.
Not that we want to sound bitter.
Do we? Do we want to sound a little bit on the bitter side?
We don't want to start those stories yet.
Do we? Do we want to start the stories now?
You go.
Go ahead.
Start now and let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And let them in.
And that's everything he's got risk of.
And he's got risk of-
And deway.
the Panthers are on the board and Lee one to number.
Oh!
Not bad, Rimmer, not a bad job for you, pal.
1014 at WIOD in our polatial New Hollywood studios.
It's comfortable, it's beautiful, it's spacious,
it's fantastic, the audience is on top of it.
And we got stories that haven't been invented yet.
We're going to revisit that game last night,
just to piss off the people away.
It hockey out there, it's going to be dynamite.
In the meantime, by the way, as soon as Roy leaves,
we can light up our celebratory cigar too,
because they know Max Mox cigar is the world,
probably sneak one of those in here too.
Are we, is there a big sign that says no smoking?
I don't see any of those that say,
via Tato Fumari, I don't see any of those on the wall.
He'll be alright, he'll get used to that.
In fact, we're a bunch of slabs, that's all right,
but we bring into bucks, that's all they care about.
If you love cigars, like, in fact,
I noticed some of these clowns at the game last night,
they were puffin' on it.
And one or two of them had cigars too.
In entertainment radio.
16 WIOD.
You call that a penis?
It's new from these discount productions.
Yes, potential car thieves, be on notice.
You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal
with the piercing sound of the all-new Macarena Alarm.
Oh my God.
Yes, of Macarena Alarm.
Get yours today.
Hey!
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
Hey man.
Ten-eighteen at WIOD.
How's everything going, Mac?
Everything's good.
Here's got the phone paddies.
A didlin' it.
All these engineers gotta come in there,
stick their finger in it, and the board too.
It sounds pretty damn good to me, if you ask me.
So anyway, we got screwed a little bit last night,
but everybody had a great time.
The town is finally on fire, hockey's underway again.
And like I told you before,
the fact that we got a mediocre or rebuilding year for the dolphins to make no
mistake about it everything is going to be okay because the Panthers are
going to fill that gap they're going to fill that oozing void that we've been
so let me just get used to this thing up on the ceiling here okay the one
it's like 85 feet away which thank God we got good eyesight here's plantation
hello yes sir can you believe those refs man yeah I can believe them because
they're consistently they suck that is true listen I wanted to tell you
something that was before you heard on the Howard Stern show this morning you
heard something funny on Howard's show yeah it's not right a miracle outstanding
alright some guy tried to kill himself with a chisel yeah he thought aliens put a
virus in his brain he must his own skull with a chisel really what kind of
people are out there next thing you'll be sticking it up his rectum brain all
right now thanks for the good news pal and have a great day I know I noticed we
got a tighter and this 360 you notice that it was getting a little loose at the
other place but over here it's a little a little tight that oh man you can just
put your finger on it all of a sudden it just goes nuts beautiful thing okay let
me give those new numbers out because if you didn't hear them at the top of the
R&A open well everybody should be listening at the open especially today I
know where they're listening right now I don't want to mention at 1401
North Bay causeway they're not listening to hot not so hot 105 they're not
coasting out guarantee of that especially with Johnny Dolan still in the building
they're not listening to that slush they're listening to us right now and they
probably got the tapes rolling I mean there's nothing going on in that studio are
those are those machines still in there those tape decks yeah man they're
probably in fact we probably don't even have to waste the time you know
recording the longer tape or anything over here because for weeks to come they're
gonna be rolling it man and the tape too oh yeah just wait he's gonna say
something you watch he's gonna open up that big mouth he's gonna say yeah you're
right I'm gonna open up my big mouth he was told don't put the phones up from
in your I read Max already told me that will you just stop playing butch
spick will you just cut the crap seriously it's all Royce fault you just
cuz you know your brain is tightened by that foreskin just don't let the
pressure get to you notice how common a relaxed time people think you come in a
news surrounding when you're an old pro man and I mean old underlying that part
you just show up and you hope for the best we still got a long way to go we want
to thank some of the people all the people here at Paxton there were some
others of course when it came to organizing this event who may have valet
down on the job a little bit but we certainly don't want to mention no names
doing out on the air what we exactly we don't want to mention his name he'll be
all right he's walking around the break a leg break a leg do a good job they love
you so anyway let's let's get a woman on here the day number 622 write these
down okay I'm your sleeve cuz I know a lot of you really used to calling a lot
622 w i o d indeed like sure never heard of it and inbroward it's 767 w i o d
don't hack me dick to china 767 9463 and the toll free number that might be a
little bit complicated for you are those lines working the green lines
what what the hell is that what is that a dog
how the hell did you just get on here I didn't punch anybody on sure you did
I did I must have the longest arms in the history of the human race man I'm not
anywhere near the phone yes sir where are you Cooper City where are you sir are you
there are you with me the dog man right here yeah where are you right here north
Miami in north Miami yeah yeah and what's up
over here cutting off somebody's water and pay a water bill all right beauty
oh I love it yeah these idiots out here they don't like to pay the water bill yeah how much was it
how much how much 300 bucks 300 bucks for water yeah god almighty what the hell are they doing
over there I smoking a little doing a little bit from that yeah well they probably don't pay
it anyways so though it was like when in doubt cut it out man and have a great life okay there's
a guy who's a shutting off now the 800 numbers are those things they're working we'll never know
because I was about to say I trust me I never punched that guy up okay I think they try to drive me
nuts one what is it 888 949 9463 are they ever going to get that way way too complicated for those
y'all who's up there 1 888 949 W I O D in a mobile line like always is pound I O D I'm all
still called a purple line 1 888 949 W I O D okay it works it works is that incredible or what and
we still pay for it pal all right there we go that was the that was the green lines you just knew that
here's a coral springs seeing another thing too these numbers these are numbered like 1 2 3
we're working on that okay and now listen I don't want to start getting pushy on the first day
I realize they spend four million dollars just in this room alone but let's get with it here's
Cooper City hello Nioh yes sir this isn't Cooper City where are you coral springs well that's close
enough who gives a crap yeah hey you know what I think something's going on with the phone how do I
sound from that end how do you sound yeah I mean talking to you not too exciting well I don't mean
that I think something's wrong with the phone though why is that you sound okay because can you
hear me yeah but you sound about now yeah yeah you sound a little static key static key yeah yeah you sound
a quick clear clear is a bell okay so find a me so far all right well listen hey man it's a great
day to be a panther fan it's a great day to be alive it's a great day to be in in this radio
station it's a great day to be a panther fan we're undefeated we're three and yeah when they
raised that banner last night right did you get goosebumps in places I've never known I got
chills in my rectum just watching the ceremony hey listen for years you've been cracking me up yeah
and uh congratulations on the new move I hope how do let me ask you seriously how does this
on a year and not on your phone how does it sound from here I don't know because I've been on hold
since you started the show I know like I said let me ask somebody who knows okay yeah I'm
curious about that because it just it feels like you're like in a real radio studio as opposed to
in a broom closet well you you sound like you got a lot of piss and vinegar today mostly the first
part yeah well that's all right and the bad part of it is even though the restroom is on the same
floor it's about a mile and a half away we need the exercise hey one concern though about the
panther what is that what's the problem with the power play we're only over 15 what are you
complaining about little October yeah you're right what's the problem gotta get working on that
power play although last night you know we had a lot of great chances he was unconscious and I
thought we passed it around pretty good it just we couldn't stick it by him no I know it I hope
it doesn't come back to come back to bite us yeah when you know even last year we had the great year
but our power play for the most parts still stuck the joint out we still got to find a combination
that make that power play work we got to do something on it well we got a lot of games left and
we're doing a good job killing off the penalties too by the way we're doing a great job on that
that worked well last night bees are a sharp is can be he was phenomenal again last night and I think
he's just sitting to a groove and that's one area of the game we don't have to worry about at all
he's phenomenal how would you rate bees are in the league in the top three no quite right now no
question about it and even right now the way he's playing right now he is as good as anybody I mean
he Lee the game you played last night you can't play a better game than that but you know one game
doesn't make a career he Lee is okay like that you know he Lee is the little disgruntled because he
knows that with Richter in there Richter's always going to be the starter and he Lee's going to
just be spot started so he's disgruntled about that but at the same time he knows that he's on a
team with a lot of you know a lot of talent they spent a lot of money on air and he's really best
these last couple of years when he comes in and they spot him here in air and he can play a game
like that yeah well anyway in closing I want to say Gretsky sucks yeah he didn't do much no he was
danger he made a couple of nice passes he was dangerous a couple of times but generally speaking he
wasn't much of a factor and like I said before without Messier that team is a shadow you're right
and even with him I don't think they're going anywhere well we saw what the what St. Louis paid him
right exactly they had a struggle to get by the falling Leafs but anyway listen god bless the
Panthers good luck in the new studio and have a great day and thank you so much all right but
have a great life pal oh these people are so nice I feel seriously we could go Saturday
now was that what when how was that was that the day it was like oh that's right that was when
we thought we were finished and we had that one Monday in limbo for the Cox people but just
psychologically I woke up that Saturday morning and I felt emancipated I felt like Martin
Luther King and I felt free totally free and then of course we went through and we came back and at
Monday we still for Cox and then we were in the realization that we still had to be in a building
in other couple of days and then it turned out to be another day or two extra but this morning I
woke up feeling like a new a child feeling like 20 years has been added in my life with all due
respect to Bob Green and our good close personal friends over there who would never screw us although it
is just a question of when right not a question of if it's just a question of when right just
testing are you are you patching with my thing here yeah I think I did a pretty good job with
this by the way yeah all right I have no life new good yeah that's for you George you
will you but no where the hell is that I got a pallet in here too so yeah well too on it
you are daughtering I can go chew on it don't worry about it I got my finger on it
okay 1028 we got equipment in here I wished a whole audience which probably in our case in the
way the way the Cox people have done to us we could probably get the whole audience in here right now
at least on this day trust me what I tell you it's not important that they succeed but that we
fail trust me what I tell you they couldn't happen Bob but have a great life midget 1028 at WYOD let me
statement radio 16 WYOD this is a bunch of whoey whoey yes a much a man ready savage body I got to feel that
body body whoey yes touch this body body whoey yeah I said body you got to touch this body body
body all right oh body oh yeah Tom Cruise he wants to be a macho man making baminos when
you're cold kid man talking boots in the morning go Tom go don't lose it now you better go slow
he's on top because he's a macho man in the courses put it in put it in hey hey hey hey hey don't pull
out man you got to leave it in don't pull out man you got to leave it in
macho macho man rectum Tom Cruise wants to be a macho man macho macho man for
year he wants to be a macho man who yeah that was there a philosophy at Cox they never pulled it out
I was there for eight years and trust me what I tell you never at any time did they even make an
attempt to pull it out when it down so we'll get into some of those stories as the week progresses
into we'll tell you about Bob Green and what a good friend he was to me and how he was
concerned about all of our welfare and about those last glorious weeks and months before the sale
was announced back there in May on May 21st I believe it was when we're getting all those great
certain we're going to FM and we're gonna have a swap and you're gonna be on this station and
you guys are going to FM and yeah right but the bottom line I guess the whole thing is in spite of
the fact that they were spreading all of those rumors and certainly not doing very much to
quash them is that well we couldn't make any money with you guys you suck and we had to get
ready and now life moves on and we're going to Syracuse and a place where we can really relate to
all the big time I noticed Irene is in the building and she's still working here or what just a
joke Irene she says I don't know because I keep making calls to the program director and he doesn't
return he's probably busy right now as we speak did you notice he had his he was in here right
nearly pulled up the same time that I did this morning about uh what about eight 15 pulled out
about back right nearly comes in here everything going okay shakes my hand break a leg he's got his
little uh bag bag over his shoulder he's out the door see ya out of boy steam have a good time
baby he's all right oh and guess what else I found during the process of putting all this stuff in
our new uh we got a machine called a 360 which means nothing to you but it's got all kinds of
good stuff in it and you can even like we could do is go oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
do it I'll do it okay it's enough calm down and just to loop it when it doubt loop it out like
rectum rectum rectum rectum rectum rectum rectum rectum yeah we got all the rectums you can want
and we got the so anyway putting all this stuff in and going through thousands of carts and CDs
and everything we're finding stuff that we haven't come across they want to okay I think we got
the let me get a little bit more compression going here the little empty help ourselves the gravelers
got pipes there hey 75 degrees and a magic city hey we're broadcasting live hold on a second let me
let me stop that over 75 degrees and a magic city hills and over grace on all of you're ready
old dog come on down with it we're gonna get down tonight we're gonna dread groovy it's the right
time what they hell about talking about
don't hack me dick to china exactly that was the great steve stansell air who was at the
game last night by the way doing his thing in between periods he's a hell of a good guy he's all right
1036 at wild and see I keep looking at the wrong places because there's so much stuff in here we
also have by the way here's the good news oh that that gets loud that baby with these big speakers
on a wall I love it pretty good hey we got our direct tv on air on the dss up on a wall we got
much music from Toronto cooking and smoking here's Cooper City at long last hello Cooper City is gone
well to give it enough shots sooner later you get rid of him powered county open line 7679463767 wild here's
candle hello candle george is there anybody on these lines or is it just a dry run huh what is it
gonna be candle going once here's westchester hello yeah yes here there we go there's a lot one
something vinegar today yeah there's an anyway the reason why I'm calling is I want to make sure you
get on off on the right foot Neil okay two steve man I love you yeah thanks for all the great years
yeah yeah call yesterday but I couldn't get through it man pretty amazing I haven't even hung up on
the it isn't it Steve yeah I won't let you but a good mood I'm in yeah yeah you're still on the
air steam you're gonna have to come up with and sure enough he did make no mistake about it I just
knew if I pushed him if I pushed him beyond like three seconds that he just took in the headly just
crumbled right in front of our push nice go and shoot Steve you're okay at our book just stay
the hell away unbelievable anyway it's 1038 we don't have and the great part of the panther thing is
we don't have another game in the old Saturday so now we got another few days after the excitement
last night everybody got to see it for free on 33 it was on sports channel they get it on the big
dish on a small dish now it gives some people more time I don't want to mention TCI on here again
but to make their phone calls and write their letters and the the faxes just keep a weapon and man
just keep moving because everybody wants in on the panthers make no mistake about it they want it
they're going to get it here's a davie hello morning Neil yes sir welcome to the new studio
when is this if you could only see this man you wait never even Thomas Edison never dreamed
anything like this well I've called you several times before you may remember I'm a pilot for
major airline I'll trade you a tour of my high tech cockpit my 737 for a tour of your studio
studio it's probably got more stuff than we have I wouldn't be surprised especially if it's value
jet no thank god they don't have 737 yeah oh my god only 727s no they don't have DC 9s all nice
radio thing beautiful but unfortunately I think we got beat by the rest last night but like you
said he'll be played at outstanding game oh he was you know you got a hand to two I mean
bezer played these are plates in satial he Lee played beyond that whatever the next stage is
be I did just on real right if we can't score more goals with messy not being in there that's
you know maybe we didn't deserve to win but no I think we played outstanding I mean the first two
periods especially this is the thing that's heartbreaking you see it in sports all the time
when one team outplays the other one by such a big margin early in the game and you can't put
anything on the board it's like the dolphins how many times you know on Sunday I thought to myself
here we go again we drive it right down the field spikes is running like crazy our running game is
working and Erickson looked fine in that first drive and we get first and goal on the three
hardline field goal again how many times have we seen that yeah if you if you're doing your thing
early in the game and you can't put points or goals or whatever on the board you're going to wind
up either blowing it and or you're losing it I was on a layover in Kansas City and the sports bar
actually they have casinos in Kansas City believe it or not yeah on a ship watching the game like
you don't have that here man we don't want these pacemakers given on places pack yeah
and a little nowhere what a shock yeah people actually looking for a good time yeah and I was
in drive my in my call at night 6.40 a.m. waiting for the pregame should have come on yeah and Hank
is still on and oh am I glad you mentioned that fat slaw man I see your car was already yeah
yeah he's all excited say all the excitement at the arena electricity and oh my god here comes
the rats and then a few seconds later he says oh no those are the pucks coming up to the ice yeah
he wouldn't know a rat he wouldn't know a rats ass from a puck I had several spirals reports on
his performance yesterday first of all I have no idea why they send him over there because he
doesn't know the game he hates being there he keeps you know he alternates between saying oh yeah
these guys are all great from Tori and Wayne all the way on down all the players which is true but
we already know that he alternates between that faked enthusiasm and saying well no wonder we got
no calls you know come over here do a hockey game you know trying to do a show he doesn't like it he
hates it he doesn't understand it knows nothing about it once they find somebody who knows a little
something about it and get his fat ass out of there yeah and that's where you know in addition to
which you know we had all these people get there early last night and he had been there since early
in the afternoon they were already running short of food to the concession stands oh just because
fatso was in there hey stop it well the papers this morning the players showed their usual class and
said hey we'll take the point right that's right they're not crying they're not belly aching it was
disappointing I mean you go down to inside the last minute of the game protecting the lead but
uh... we'll take the point we'll take two oh and one in those first three games against teams like that
that's right amen all right have a good day okay pal have a great life okay that's our fly-in friend
there we got a lot of those ten forty two at wio d on a really spectacular boy what a difference and
you know something everything we got these huge brand new speakers i mean gigantic the size of
some of your living rooms we've got all all these monitors and all this technology in this huge
big Sony TV in the dss no schmutz have you noticed that there's no schmutz on the ceiling
huh there's no vents there's no schmutz oh there's a little tiny vent over there that's as clean
as is antiseptic as the bottom of michael luis and i'm telling you right now make no mistake about it
it says clean as a baby's bottom up there on the ceiling man we're gonna miss all that good stuff
we're gonna miss it trust me what i tell you like a giant tumor ten forty two at wio d is
an entertainment radio six ten wio d press once for neo-roger
new from parroth and pictures it's a story of love g salai i just love that hair on your back
a story of friendship you know you've changed me a lot five years ago i could have never gone out
with the man who had less hair on his chest than me directed by rob rinder when salai got hairy
hey salai is that a paintbrush sticking out of your nose you goof leave me alone his hair's
receding her hair's protruding a film that proves opposites do attract look all i'm saying is
that a man and a woman can't be friends without having sex but in your case i'll make an exception
when salai got hairy now playing at a theater near you rated pH ten forty six at wio d so anyway let's
show we start with just like maybe one once an hour will come up with another story another bubble
my son another episode another lie from the powers that were at wio d before the sale took place
for example member last christmas the day before christmas and all through the place
we were spraying the management with the big hands of mace but anyway so a bob green takes me to
lunch on december whatever the friday was before christmas sunday and he's going to like lay out
for me to lay it you know this is my good close personal friend who's so concerned about my
welfare who would never stick me in the back who would never let me down etc takes me across the street
what was the name of that Italian restaurant right across by the pill doctor George oh my god
you've got to be kidding me and a capri oh very good okay that's close enough and it takes me
over to anica pri for a cheap meal and so we're sitting there and he lays all this crap out for me and
the station is not being sold it's not for sale and yada yada yada and this and that all this other
stuff none of it other than the only thing he told me that did come true in that meeting was we
were getting rid of the traffic metro traffic and getting our own traffic people yeah they turned out
to be great today the levels on these things by the way in this 360 whoever dubbed these things
originally we need to put them in there again you know I'm saying as in really low are you all the way
up it's as it's almost up as far as mine will get up okay that's as high as it gets trust me
so anyway the station's not for sale then we have the meeting with Bob kneeled back on May 21st
where he gets all the people from all three cock stations in across the street very close by the
way that anica pri right next door to it and we're sitting in there and he gets up and makes this
torpy little speech about wow you know we've tried everything for the last 10 years and since
the mid 80s and we can't make any money with this turkey and basically you guys suck and now we're
gonna let somebody else try to make some money with and come to find out he says well the
negotiations with the paxon people have been going on now for on and off for at least the last year
and based on reports we got from certain people inside who will go on name because we like some of
them it was going on for at least a year maybe year and a half but the station wasn't for sale
they would never lie to us and they would never screw us okay and by the way let's say a prayer
or a meal okay let's say a prayer here's an article about paxon by the way Neil we just
hold a station you're going to work for him we assigned your contract here's an article about paxon
oh my god you're in big trouble now yeah we're in big trouble now mr hot shot
like those vents baby remember that story with events that we were all choking and gagging
well it's not economically feasible for us at this time to worry about that we can't yeah we can't
do it so i had to get on here and have people call osha people were threatening to call osha the
occupational safety hazard administration and come in here and practically close that joint down
before we trade it out needless to say they couldn't come up with the cash out of the eight
billion dollars traded out for very code and the AC people to come in here and clean that joint out
which they took 50,000 tons of crap out of the vents out of that building probably which hadn't
been cleaned since before Henry bearer was a baby I should really you know Bob Green always told
me Neil you should write a book he should really write a book I should write a book and most of it
would be about him I mean when Disney was there at least in the beginning we had our travails we had
our problems we went through some crap but nothing like the last three or four years it was just
beyond belief just go in there and make it happen okay just go in there and don't expect any promotion
to expect it's about not expect the equipment to expect any maintenance but it was we're supposed
to sit in there and just make something happen by ourselves which I guess most of us have a lot
of experience here's Virginia key hello welcome and congratulations Uncle Neil thank you so much
sir I am free at last pal you know when you're on hold that that last car was right your microphone
sounds very static you're just sound fine but yours sounds something like something's not right with it
yeah but anyway not on the ear though right you're on the ear but it's no no but on the ear it sounds
great you sound perfect it sounds so much it sounds like like I hate I say FM really yeah sounds
really really clear on especially on the phone I can't I don't think there's too many FM's got
equipment like this I'll guarantee you that well you know congratulations and not you're
definitely deserving of it at the talent of your caliber but I have to say yes I am hockey game
was brilliant last night it was great to see it for free yeah what a concept my boss came in
yesterday and and said hey it's baseball tonight and my buddy I work with and I look at each other
we're like no hockey and he says quote oh you don't like baseball because you're an asshole oh really
yeah what the hell what the hell does that mean I don't know like like baseball has even an
Iota of excitement in it not only that but do you think there's any contest I mean I realized
the baseball seasons over for the Marlins but even with Jim Leland being signed as the new manager
you think there's any contest between the the interest level in this town right now even with
the playoffs going on between the Panthers and baseball nobody here get nobody here gives a
flying crap about baseball Marlins what right exactly exactly and the answer is suck I think is the
uh word you're looking for any he couldn't run the bases this guy could not run the bases if
his life depended on it yeah that's the other funny thing about these baseball guys there's a lot
of them that I see they're just you know they just they couldn't even go run the freaking bases yeah
so anyway just wanted to say congratulations and and and keep up the good work your new station you
found a lot happier is probably better for your house you haven't got any idea not only that you
know this morning I did a little experiment coming to work because I didn't have it I left extra
early because we got a lot of stuff still to do here to get organized get all our stuff put in
the computers so I got here at about 10 after 8 I left the house I left my house at about oh
almost it was almost a quarter of eight okay and I came on 595 this morning not having and knowing
that there's a lot of traffic eastbound on 595 which there was I get through that then of course once
you get to 95 it's only a couple of miles to Sheridan Street I'm here 20 minutes maybe 22 minutes
and I'll be home in 15 minutes and I need for both of windshield and exactly and of course
look at that one I'll miss that great part of town but I'll get over it all right well thank you
and including Dr. Farber take your call out to be bag and have a baseball cocktail tell him squeeze
this definitely okay pal have a great day heard from a lady yet have we see this goes to show you how far
we've fallen with these bit with these women out there I mean that's that's this is the kind of day
ordinarily when the syrupy women would be called an elk congratulations good luck in your
news and they should be I mean that's their function okay they don't provide too much else on any
of these shows but they should at least do that they should at least care enough to send their
very damn best we have an open line of brow at 767 WIOD 767 9463 I'd love to see I'd love to be a
fly in a wall right now at 1401 North Bay Causeway forget about I know the speakers are up in
her monitoring and listening and taping whatever I would just love to be over there and see what it
looks like in that joint now that WIOD is out of there and they're coasting in the hot 105 again
which by the way best of luck to our friends at hot 105 which there's a lot of good people over
there and our friends at the coast there's a couple of good people over there like windy and
anemory and Johnny dork and that's about it Lane right who else oh we left out Johnny Dulled sorry
Johnny best of luck to you pal not and what now what what is that what is that that's supposed to be
the purple line that I'm looking at are my going blind yes that's the purple that is the purple line
hello hello yes sir do I know who it is Brian Cox Brian Cox yeah you've been talking a lot of
stuff about me on the air yeah Brian you're doing a very bad imitation yourself Brian you're trying
to do a feel hungry voice well trying my best yeah shames request yeah pardon and light okay Brian
all right hey listen uh huh Brian get your airfine act together all right okay hey yeah enough of
okay he just got to have some heart that's all Brian just got to have some heart that's a problem
everywhere he goes they got a bunch of mother effes that got no heart that's a problem purple
line is still the same thing pound iod mobile one cell 18 to wireless and the we're that the
toll free number it's going to be hard enough the 800 was difficult enough before because they're
just they just don't like too many numbers up there one eight eight eight nine four nine w i od
one eight eight eight got a nice speed to it nine four nine nine four six three in boca and west
palm et cetera and they really work trust me okay here's a hollywood hello hollywood oh god
can this really be happening to me okay we have an open line of power like i said at the 767 9463 767
here's pember pines hello nil yes sir good morning when is Diaz first of all i want to say
congratulations and the best of luck to you in your new studios thank you it was funny because i
as i was listening to you on hold it sounded muffled for some reason like you're eating them mic
but on here how about that tip there no it does you know well i i don't know what to tell you about
that because it sounds okay in here in my monitor and it sounds great on the air is what
everybody's telling me like better than even usual oh well so maybe it's just maybe just to keep
on your toes while you're on hold hey that's true you know it's a new studio and you know
what else it might be what to discourage some of the pain in the ass people who call just to
stay on hold because they don't have their radio and think that they're going to listen to the show
and tie up a line that could be it well that's true but you think to tell you first of all
the raising of the banner at the at the game last night was unbelievable that's a great
experience even though i was not there even to sit and watch it on tv it brought tears to my
eyes yeah i mean it really did and i can't wait till the new stadium comes in and i will be at the
games second of all they had on on sports channel they had the um vice president general manager
of sports channel they were talking about the panthers and the thing with tci and all that yeah
not much to say but the just that they're saying oh well they're in negotiations and it's going
well and they didn't basically say anything so they just remember man in the words of bob green
it's not a question of if it's a question of when that's true the the call by the referee by the way
as everybody's been saying yeah i mean it was unbelievable yeah to me i cost us the game cost us one
point in the standings i hope that point doesn't come home the hottest later on uh toward the end
of the season because they definitely took a point away from us last night we should be three and
right now that's right i mean they were even talking about i i was listening to um q a m this
morning and they were talking about it and even and i don't generally listen to q a m yeah but uh
they were talking about it and how bad it was and also they were saying that they had a statement
from the league office saying that the call was a correct call yeah forget about that yeah what
do you think they're going to say i mean that school is screw brineberg that that sucks i mean that's
ending in closing i got to run on you in closing in closing uh go panters good luck and have a great
day have a great life okay ten fifty seven at w i o d
hey has that test anew are you going to be mean and spiteful and resentful and hideous because
you were hurt talk in entertainment radio six ten w i o d only fifty out of
excuse me my first mistake and don't give me a look like that what do you give me a look i mean
all these uh there's been a tremendous amount of time and the hard work invested in the production
our program director has been feverishly looking about it exactly and uh one of these days will
figure out what it's supposed to be make no mistake about it we got an open line in date county six
two two w i o d six two two nine four six three and one and brown seven six seven nine four six
three seven six seven w i o d here's a mobile in date hello hello hey yes sir how you doing sir okay good
um yeah that other guy was right all of a sudden while you're on hold it's like first i thought
you totally went off the air and then it comes back and it sounds like you're in the middle of a
barrel really yeah and then all of a sudden i don't like that exactly huh and then about a minute
later all of a sudden you come back to north town and normal again we'll work on it you'll work on
it i'm sure i'm sure if we didn't have a few bugs what the elephant would it be that's true how's
the how's the air quality the air quality is spectacular you can breathe in easy man that's good yeah now
the now the object is it to maintain it and keep it that way it'll be trust me okay good as long as
right pressman is in this building believe me this building will be so antiseptic it'll be disgusting
listen my question if you've seen these commercials about rolleys been doing about yes i have that's
right these propaganda pieces about hey it's only got to cost you a few bucks and it'll be great
and it's right there at the port of Miami and Mickey likes it and don't by any baloney but what I
don't understand is nobody seems to be telling why you did a little bit yesterday but with the
corruption going on in the city of Miami i mean now that it goes from 30 million to 68 million and
now Miller Dawkins pleads guilty oh thank god we got good honest government in date county we got
people like Miller Dawkins and Cesar Odeus and Barry Schreiber and Johnny Jones at his gold
plumbing fixtures and the list goes on and on and Joe Carrillo with his friend portwanda with
187 grand down the toilet to try to kick the panthers out of town we got the best politicians
that money can't buy man i mean i just feel sorry my mother-in-law she lives in the city of Miami
she pays her sorry taxes and it's just like people don't care what they do with you know with the money
it's yeah and i guess kerson's got some room to put up for rent over in australia someplace yeah
well how's he doing by the way i guess anybody hearing from joe the state there's another one for
you're right there's another one we kind of forgot about or he just slipped away and slipped our
mind yeah well he's out on the land down in australia have a great time joe don't spend it all in one place
unreal but when i don't understand it how can they even come up with thinking they're going to be
putting up a new arena when the city's in in this rate the way it is yeah i don't understand when
it's three blocks from the prison one when nobody wants to put up the money for it when uh it's
an addition to which the guy comes on the year on qa m last week admits admits that when he went
up there to broward the first time when he were you know voting in the new arena deal with Wayne
that he had a 50 50 deal that he could add a sweet deal for the heat and the panthers coexist
everybody get along stop being selfish stop being primit honest and that when they came back to date
in his words well the powers that be which of course means the people at the herald and uh
whoever else he's in bed with over there they made him an offer he couldn't refuse and they put
this deal together in date and now that they try to put that thing together of course he can't go
crawling on his hands and he's to wait because now they don't have such a good deal up there
well why did he lie to them in the first place are we supposed to feel sorry for him that he
that he stabbed the public in the back and lied through his teeth micky screw him so now is is uh
the by the way we got the heat on w i o d baby oh is the new arena going to be strictly the
panthers is not going to be any other franchise going in there then right that's the only sports
that'll be in there they'll be concerts there be like uh the old folks who go in there and like have
a philosophy bagpull stuff like that but it'll be their own everything that's right that's awesome
that's awesome see people were saying to me last night and i realized i appreciate it that in the
president arena you look up there on those those so-called diamond boards or whatever they are up
at the ends you know and they're still the same crappy stuff we had four years ago but again
that the panthers have no control over that they have no they can't change that uh the city
evidently has the control over the room ever and uh nobody can change any that the only thing
that they were able to change and thank god for this is uh the glass anybody else noticed they took
the dividers they've got the new styled nhl glass now around the arena so that they take the
dividers out which makes it i mean your vision is unimpaired anywhere you see everything wow that's
great that's great alrighty nia well good luck to us we started out good and uh you know what can
you say you like the guy said 80 80 oh and one 81 81 81 oh and one let's go okay pal have a great
life okay we have two open lines and date at uh 62 2 down 463 62 2 W I O D do we have a lady on
area we got a lady in uh brown word hello hello yes man hey Neil how you doing our first and only
lady first on an a d not i can't i can't believe this i'm shocked i'm just uh you could you could
knock me over with a feather duster listen to this i've been trying to get through to you since 10
after 10 unfortunately i'm on the road right um another thing it's i'm a pasty Irish woman in
open park uh you're the pasty Irish woman boy boy um and just hands that up the previous colors
uh question there hockey is the only game we care about so um anyway the largest one that
congratulate you on your uh your new position there in the new facility yeah uh yes the telephones
are kind of bad isn't meaning it meaning what can you hear me okay now when we're talking
yeah but it is like you're in a tunnel and even even now yeah but i mean i'm on a payphone so
that's kind of important oh yeah forget about that actually for a payphone you sound okay well
actually uh when i was driving around listening to you earlier uh i don't know if anybody called
you on this knuck of the minute out of the car but uh there was like i could hear your delay on
the air i could hear things before you actually said them really oh beautiful yeah really well
exciting actually and that that stopped very quick excuse me that stopped i don't know i have been in
the car for about 20 minutes on the phone uh intense air to George you know great that's a beautiful
thing we can make it real exciting here today two open lines and brownered at uh seven six seven
wiod seven six seven nine four six three here's north Miami hello yes Neil yes sir um here's a guy
with a real phone yes uh and now you sound like a real real phone like your thing has your thing
um it sounds pretty good yeah pretty good what she said is true i'm hearing your delay before you
come on the ear it's happening even no on the ear on the phone on the ear i've been listening like
promised started and um what does that mean whatever you say comes up before i'm asking George what
what is the uh we got a problem here the what the pre-delay is going on the air a little bit they
are looking into it oh they're looking into it well good that gets them out of here anyway
and also what is happening also is that they are trying to fine tune your your voice on the ear
the way they have it no it's fine they're trying to find my voice fine tune oh fine tune it
with the way they have it no it sounds good what yeah what they're doing well what they you know
what you see is what you get i mean this is all i got what they're doing is they're putting a lot of
base in your voice yeah and it's sounded as if you're on the nose it sounds better like i have
really big balls right yeah it's on the back you're on the red desk as well well it sounds good no
it sounds like it sounds okay now it sounds like FM yeah well it sounds like FM now
oh we're good street now we're always walking around here with a perplexed look on his face like
we have no idea what the problem is and this will give us something to work on it's we like that
I'd also want more let me tell you when you have a big build up like this and you have all this
fancy very expensive equipment and you make the big move and you make you know you blow the trumpet
or whatever you're blowing uh it's no fun unless you got some glitches in the beginning well what it
proves also is that the first time is not always the greatest that well we all know that trust me
and why the anticipation may be great but we know that once uh you get into it the second time is
that's right and one last thing is that there is a constant humming
on on the like I said this is a bunch of crap and this started while i was listening to one
many that were the news this is a bunch of hoey yeah and and it's also when that is a bunch of
hoey right when when you when you throw it to George the home continues as well so are you
are you uh George it's on both sides we got a hum job on a year or two here's the man it's on both
it's on both sides when you throw it to George the home continues so in other words even when i'm
in this right huh say what the hum's gone where was it coming from new technology from our new
technology in other words there was a pot that was open in there somebody was smoking it and uh
they were humming it they were humming it tuned most of the uh thanks for the we just got the
hum out how do you like that for quick uh for quick service huh but i'll come as usual it's our
do it yourself project we rely on the audience you tell us what's screwed up and we'll get
working on it i'll come to you i'll come to you to listen and if anything um right if anything
changes i'll call you tomorrow and listen you sure got the old iod engineering staff me and i'll
tell you that have a great day pal see you man okay there you go open line and date county if
you move real fast 622 wiod 622 9463 oh my god so we got a few little problems in there and for
I sit here and I go on and I we got all this good stuff and they spent millions of dollars of course
there's going to be stuff that screwed up nobody wants perfect it's no fun it's boring when you
come right down to it if it's perfect what's there to bitch about if it were perfect world we'd
all be out of business here's boca hello hi hi Neil you're in boca yeah our first boca call
or how do you like that i'm happy to be on with you yeah and we're happy to be you have you honest
the phone line is clear is it yeah but when i'm on hold it's muffled yeah okay and we don't talk
about that the guy that was just on with you before young on he hit it right on the head did he
there's there's a home accompany with your voice yeah like whenever you before you come out
and like I hear the delay with the home and then you say that yeah you know but other than that
sounds great but so I won't go into that but last night on the dss yes sir I was able to watch
the Panther game on sports channel Florida right now let me have to that surprise you
subscribe to that sports package yeah I only subscribe to nhl center ice right so how's
how's come I got it where did you see it where did I see it yeah I'm well what the channel
um like 300 something well I know I know that but was a 319 or 360 radius something uh it's 319
319 yeah right SCFL
yeah
sports channel Florida right exactly yeah so I just get that I was learning you know what happened
what happened is that they got their rights straightened out see it probably they should have
listed it on the package too okay and uh this we ought to mention this for anybody that's got the
small dish and it's getting a little bit confused and psychotic and they already admitted they screwed
up that uh sunday game in the ranger game at new york so if you don't find it on the center ice
package you will find it on 319 until they find a permanent home for sports channel Florida
but like even a couple hours before the game like before we left the house right to go to the game
right I punched up 319 just to see if anything was on air and sure enough there was nothing on
the screen but it said at the top the program listing uh rangers at the panther sports channel
Florida and that the company with the nhl center ice package what do you mean is that is that
where it's going to be with the nhl center ice package it's with a sports package or it's with
so even if even if you don't have these center ice package if they're televising sports
channel of florida it'll still be on 319 or wherever they wind up putting it eventually right right
got it okay hey um could I say uh could I call my girlfriend a douche bag and make a request
yes you can well making a request uh today anyway could be tough but i'll give it my best shot
all right i don't know if you got it loaded in yet but it's that soccer goal with man ditching
that guy yelling okay pal like i said have a great day and a great life loving the old see uh
okay sure open line of brow art so what's the story i'd like to get a little item the adonnell panic
you know me as long as they pay me i couldn't give a crap what it sounds like but uh what's the story
are we getting a grip on this or what plan huh we're playing with it yeah that's one of a
freight of they're in their plan with it guys that's the problem okay if we address the technical
situation it might sound a little bit better but they're in there didlin with it all right they're
used to it huh we're on the year we're on the year what yeah what the hell do you people want
we're on the year you want it to sound good
Jesus talk about a bunch of pushy bastards they want the brand new place to not only be on the year
but sound perfect on the first day they're not impressed with our millions of dollars worth
equipment and probably the people over there at uh at the old cocks of place over there in north
bay villager uh uh uh uh listen to that they're all screwed up well just waited there too okay
till we're not so screwed up till we get rid of our big hum job just wait till like uh in a
couple of books when they just wait till all the promotion starts just wait till we actually
survive and we do pretty damn good and the log is filled up which it looks pretty good to me right
now anyway oh yeah we can't make money with those guys those guys are a poison there were a lot of
trouble speaking of a lot of trouble by the way we have a lot of fill Henry fans out there and
rightfully so fill is great and we miss him a lot and I just wanted to say that fills already in a
lot of trouble that's the word he did that shakil o'neal but he did that shak routine opening night
monday night at kf i and he's in deep crap already how do you like that he's got some serious
oh I don't know but in other words he's got the town stood up which we know and the best
of luck to you fill okay we'll uh we'll bail you out see there in LA it's such a boring radio
market they're not used to anything even remotely like fill Henry they know they don't know from it
so they're in for some really wild time trust me that's the LA crowd for you boring you'll do it
fill if you'll wake him up if anybody can do it 1114 at w i o d loreth 16 w i o d how much for a kiss
how much for a kiss could I get it for an equal could I get it for a quarter it got more money
than I'll miss how much for a hug how much for a hug could I get it for an equal could I get it
for a quarter it got more money than I've got how much for a quick feel how much for a quick feel
could I get it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter and would I get a good deal can I touch
your I need can I touch your I need could I touch it for a nickel could I touch it for a quarter
you wouldn't have to remind me uh uh uh uh uh I've got no money to spend whoa oh oh oh
you be my friend uh uh time could take us far if you'll please get in my car and i'll say to you
how much for a hum job how much for a hum job could I get it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter
can I afford a hum job a hum job i figured that would fit today right so to speak it's 11 18 at w i o d we're
working on all the stuff as soon as we find as soon as one of you people calls and discoverers like
the most minute whether whatever it is if somebody hears a farting sound in the background that
doesn't sound like it smells right the engineering staff here is on top of it man they're sniffing it
they're working on it they're adjusting it they're like they want everything to be just perfect
so just have no fear man just hang on to it here's the guiding light lady hello
hi Neil how you doing i'm doing just fine i called up to issue muscle tough thank you so much
and all kinds of wonderful good luck and i know the drive must be cut at least in half oh i
not only that but what a even with the traffic on 595 early in the morning it's so pleasant you
have no idea right i know you miss 79 street car i look around at the people in the cars and they
all look like human like real people which is very unusual culture shock right listen i want
to send you a good luck card and when i called up the i and z studios they didn't know the zip code is it
a 3 3 0 2 0 or 3 3 0 2 1 what's our zip code here do we know in this building does anybody know
does anybody care 3 0 2 0 1 thank 3 3 0 2 what oh 2 2 3 0 i thought i looked it up on the map because they
didn't know 3 3 1 4 here in this building how can i put 3 3 3 1 4 no it's 3 3 0 2
well it's holly with my mother's is like 3 3 0 2 4 and i could throw a rock from here right through
a window which i might and uh we'll work on it we're 3 3 3 2 what did you say 3 3 3 here yeah
that's dania or that's uh plantation or that's some other place we're a little confused we're
anyway 3 0 2 1 i think what is it say it again hello yes are you there what do you think about
this affair between that and the shell is it happened yet i don't know but she's working on it
real hard and he's very smitten with her she must look like his dead the girlfriend i sure don't
want to miss that oh i'm telling you now who is his dead girlfriend did we ever fight out about
that because i missed a couple of shows i think she must have died and he probably come back to
retreat for something yeah yeah i could take in her place uh-huh she's filling the spot yeah and
i'd like to give that young billy a whack right across his master giving my match such a horrible time
yeah i'd like to give that jail a whack or two yeah dad i could understand yeah or three or four or
five yeah jay god yeah jay is cute but i think that is even better i listen i wouldn't uh i'm
i'll split whatever you want i'll take either one i'll take leftovers believe it or not i'm ready to
be unsafe for to match for exact and i'll tell you one thing roger is sure pretty convincing not
yeah he's such a great actor he really is but isn't it pathetic how they're you know they're
buying into this cramp it's really ridiculous yeah and i noticed that heart is uh heart's
in a lot of this guy that plays heart now is in all kinds of tv spots now he's in all kinds of
commercials he definitely is yeah but i like the other heart just as much i really did
but i'm easy to please yeah from the neck down i'll stick with this one okay sweet art you have
a great day no that's for sure anyway model so good luck and and landing here and happy suckers
okay dear okay we have an open line in date if you move very very fast as some might be known to say
at six two two nine four six three six two two w i o d uh so i don't want to ask i won't ask it on
here and today is Wednesday right last time i checked now why are you trying to talk me at a lunch
today when i'm going to mom is no enough for you do you know do you realize how grotesque that would be
not enough for you for me that's that's going to be a real problem now for me to make up excuses not
go it over there since you lose five minutes from here until the uh we hours of the morning tonight
yeah like the engineers and me i'll be here i'll be here working feverishly on it but anyway so
that's what we got to do i'm sure we got a lot of fine restaurants in the area we got it's like it's
like we're starting from scratch we're scratching it man we got to find out some joints that'll be
delighted to send over food here which we're not going to bring in here on this first day and it's
a good thing it is Wednesday because i'm not eating but uh George needs to be fed in the engineers
and i'm sure they got a lot of hungry campers around this place will more than uh more than
delightfully fill the avoid left by some of the starving folks at the cocks so if we got some
restaurant days in the area that want to give us a call or would like to honor off the air we'd
be delighted to eat your food free how's that sound sounds good to me 11 22 at wiod open line
and date 622 946 3 622 here's the purple line hello my amy hey what's up Neil yes sir you still
got it yeah i got it to a what are you gonna do tonight what am i gonna do yeah i'm gonna be here
working feverishly what are you gonna be doing pal oh we can hang out say have a couple drinks
yeah okay hang this open line on the purple line pound iod we got one in uh brown
at the six seven six seven wiod seven six seven nine four six three can i ask you a stupid question
George George yeah i could handle the uh thirteen or whatever you head up there for the purple
what is 12 that's one of the uh eight eight lines that's toll free that's 12 and 11 is the other one
okay i'm glad you told me we're old yeah we'll get to it here's Palm Beach hello
no yes honey this is mom yeah don't lean out of your right around the corner can you come for lunch
Monday when fans Friday okay ma congratulations honey yeah okay pretty weak pretty weak green lines
what do you expect we got that new toll free line on the green lines one eight eight nine four nine
wiod one eight eight nine four nine nine four six three here's Roberto hello when is Diaz
and he's gone are we having a problem with these two because they would be also fun if we
were having problems with the phone that's him he hung up that's him he hung up Roberto hung up nice
gone Roberto like your job mean something that was more important than me thanks a lot Julio
here's Hollywood hello hello yes sir hello Neil how are you very well uh listen i was listening to uh
wiod last night yeah playing uh a rebroadcast of Ron and Ron right now to this one was the dead tape
screwed up on his tune was it all distorted or could you understand what they were saying it was
it would get distorted getting out yeah and i was on Hollywood while Ron and Ron are famous for the
old in and out anyway so i guess it fits in well it also it also fit in with Rick and suds too what do
you mean they had Rick and suds right after Ron and Ron they were running at at what time
about nine o'clock nine o'clock yeah night they were playing the best of Rick and suds well they
were playing something of Rick and suds yeah and it was all distorted again it uh it uh not i
only listened to like five minutes of the Rick and suds thing yeah but um i'm sitting there and i
just want to see what it was distorted or you couldn't take anymore well a little about both okay
but uh i just want you know i wanted to see what the new transmitter would sound like we don't
have the new transmitter yet are you still transmitting off the off the old piece of crap right
mark ony's second well it the signal was clear what honey's turn it you know it totally lose the
thing yeah so i don't know i just figured i'd give you a call and let you know and if there was
something they were supposed to do to fix it maybe they would know that that that whole problem
has to do with the uh dad tapes that they gave him the old cox people they had some dad tapes which
are the first ones that ever came out that have been used and twisted and chewed on and were
beaten for breakfast one morning by some of the engineers and uh they they're here here you go
uh transfer some of the material over on this this will be great make some of your best
of's on here and that's what they came out like so uh and they're actually playing them on the air
wonderful which ensures deep nickel uh it should be well aware of this are they going to when
they get them off with Ron and Ron at night uh no we got a guy coming who's coming for nighttime
are you asking me some guys some uh out of work guy some loser he'll be all right okay
you'll be like a live real nighttime person pal wonderful somebody you can speak to how do you
like that well it all depends on there if any good you'll be all right okay have a great life
okay congratulations and thank you so much see he wants a new live guy at night he also wants
him to be good pushy bunch of guys and let me say it again section 106 you're okay in my book
except for that third period last night just butch up a little bit save the 30th and 40th beer
until like uh the overtime and yeah we did have a lot of people leave early last night and see
with me that's a mixed bag on the one hand i get very i get aggravated with people like that
because why did you come here why did you buy this show and up spending all that money or even
you know ripping the tickets off from somebody else however you got them
and and then you stay through like the whole game or most of it and would like five a mixed
lois is in here what can you say to that back them and uh and then they leave would like 10 and a half
minutes left in a one-nothing game they start leaving and they kept leaving and they kept leaving
there were thousands of people out of there by the time the regulation ended and overtime
forget it so on the one hand it's depressing but on the other hand it makes it a little easier to
get out of there that's the only negative about 106 man it ain't too easy to get out of that building
1127 at wyd mitch luis is in the building starting rumors that he's Jewish
rent you be subtracting from if you say the
mil sozial
you're being very difficult with me this morning
Could have them body hack in
Oh, be nice
He's dismissed the claim
But you can call him and do dice
Oh, be lying nice
And then it's little boy
Who are you, please I am the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'm the dice
I'll get my finger on it
Here's the Miami
Hello, Buenos dias
Okay, another one. Very interesting
Open line and day, 622-9463
Here's plantation
Hello, hey Neil
Yes, sir
Long time Ranger fan first time caller
Okay, my condolences on what's going to be a long year for you
Well, I've talked about that
But the, I have the little dish, have the Sony dish
And I just want to say
The Ranger fan is the call you all the time
It's a the so-called Ranger fan
Well, I love the Rangers all these years, but now the Panthers here
I hate them. They're not true Ranger fans
Because it stays in your blood your entire life
I love the Panthers 75-76 nights a week, but when the Rangers play them
I can't get out of my sight
I understand that
Anyway, no matter about my Leafs losing the four to two last night, they're down
Two-nothing and the third, they tie it up
And they give up a goal with two and a half minutes left and then an empty net goal to end
But how do you stand when the Leafs play the Panthers
I pull for the Leafs
Oh, okay, well you're not even...
That's why I said to you, I said I can relate to it because I've been a Leafs fan for 38 years now
I'm not changing that allegiance, no matter what
Well, I'm in any circumstances
I'm a 26-year Ranger fan, and I feel the same way, I just can't do it
There's some things in life that are more important than others, and to me the Leafs are right up there near the very top
Panthers are close, but not in a league with the Leafs
You're just like me, well this weekend was a nightmare with the dish
Saturday night I had to work and I taped the game, I went to tape it because I wanted to see Gretzky's first game in the game
Because the Ranger came home to four hours of program not available in your area, got up and fall
Well, they screwed up on Saturday
What happened with me was I ordered with my remote when it was $109 and my machine never registered it so I didn't get it
You know something that the same thing happened with me
Because I called him up, I forget which night, I guess it was Sunday night, I called him up and...
Or Monday, Monday night, which year they had a couple of games on
And they said not available in your area or whatever the hell comes on the bottom
And so I called her up and after bitching her out for five minutes, he says, oh guess what?
If you ordered it by remote, a lot of these never went through and so I'll put it in a bingo, it came on while I was on the phone with her
Yeah, they did it in the voice
They did the same thing for me, but I was so I read about missing Gretzky's premiere that they gave me a $30 credit
So I...
Well, I believe me, it was a real bonus for you because you didn't miss anything
Well, he did nothing
Well, I was a little more polite though, it was a pretty good game it looked like
But he did nothing
Well, he did last night though, but that's a different story
He did what?
He had about six premiere scoring opportunities that he set up
But did he, did he, did they go in?
No, because Beez is in net and the range has just started used to get in passes that quick and they're not finishing yet
Yeah
Well, he had a chance to tip a couple of many had two great scoring chances himself and he shot him wide
He had a great chance they're shorthanded toward the end of the overtime and Beez are stoned in there
I have to get real close last night you could see Kovalov and Graves with their eyes lighting up on some of those passes that they get like
Oh, I see what's going to be happening here, so it's going to gel soon
I don't think so pal, I hate to break the news to you
That's what the Blues thought last year too, but this man he's a...
He's still, you know, you still see flashes of the brilliance and the real nifty passes and some dangerous moves
But he's a shadow of what he was and it did in it, in less than a minute
As soon as he takes his first real solid hit, that's going to be it, he's going to be useless
Well, we could go on for hours about this
His stamina was pretty decent last night and you're right, I agree he has a little lacticity
He's a pussy, let's face it, he's a little pussy and as soon as somebody hits him, he's always holding that helmet and he's running into the bench
I got a headache, you know, he's not used to the physical kind of play that he's going to encounter in our division and our conference
It's a whole different ball game
Totally different ball game, we get to Panthers, that's for sure
One more thing
We looked pretty good last night by the way
Absolutely
We looked real good
It's a real great rival, we already
Rocka look good, Mel and V, Need or Meyer has really putt stuff, he's played two real big games in a row
We're looking pretty damn tough
Hey, I love him, they look good
Jovenoski played smart and good last night, no stupid penalties
Booka Boulman, he got in that deal, huh?
You don't have to convince me
We look good
They look real good, but the other thing was when I called on Sunday night after the Panthers Rangers fiasco on the disc
They said, I don't know if this has been resolved, but they told me they'd only acquired the rights for Sports Channel for Panthers home games
So as it is, I don't have any sports talent on my cable
I don't have to see a way game
I don't think so, I mean when you talk to those bozos then or what they're talking about
I can tell, I could run that place better than they do
One more thing, QAM yesterday during one of your commercials is so called All Sports all the time
Yeah
Opening night for the Panthers, they're talking about
What do you think the final score is going to be if it is upcoming, you know, Florida or whatever it is
FSU, my name is FSU, my name is FSU
Oh yeah, that's important, we're really psyched about that game, man
And what's worth it?
I mean, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it, I think it's worth it
Logan, they should have a Billboard campaign saying we talk sports but we just don't know the game
They avoid it like the plague
Right, thanks Neo
At least a Hummer knows his crap
Have a great day
You take care
Yeah, crap is his middle name
Hey, stop it
Exactly, we have two open lines in Broward at 767-WYOD, 767-9463
We got all the bugs worked out of here yet or what, we're working on them, okay?
We are working on them feverishly, we got engineers on a ceiling, we got engineers on the floor, we got engineers in Uranus
We got engineers up here in the vacuum, wherever you look, we got engineers crawling all over the damn place
Because we're so intent that we're going to make things right
We want it to be spectacular, we don't want it to just be your ordinary pedestrian-bunch of bull crap
We want it to be spectacular bull crap
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Neo
Yes sir, what do you think of our mark for us all of a sudden here in the desert, when can we get rid of them?
What does that mean?
all we need to get rid of them and twice he's done this all what do you mean
that me and i want to ask a question yeah what referee in league you think
does good by us anybody
well actually the guy with the uh...
i'm gonna tell you something that Richard trotchay that frog who was the
referee and it filled off the exhibition game
i remember that new jersey game last year he hates us
hates us i think most of the officials hate us because we're like an upstart
team we're not supposed to be so good we're not supposed to win and they stick
it to us
we can't handle the legal anything and uh... do anything about the
key you can't send tapes into the league on an icing call no no way Jose
i mean that i can call across the game
it no question about it
i was calling i was screaming
but you know something you know something
will still will still take the point
i know we'll take the point but we would prefer to point i mean there's under
two minutes left right
and we had it
amen with you
yeah that's all i got to find the event my frustration with the referee in the
any trial
let's hope next time he comes down here like uh... breaks the leg literally we
have an open line and they'd six to two to the w wild a six to two nine four six
three so Roberto hung up before
and we have a lot of our lady friends out there who are calling to welcome us to
our new surroundings in the say this was really great uh... what's your name
the blade run a girl who i'm sure was at that game you know an interesting thing
in my new seats now
either everybody has developed a sudden hatred toward me which is possible or
uh... it's just too hard to have access to where i'm sitting right now it's
quite a great out of it
it's kind of pleasant
kind of a breath of fresh air
scott the lawn man came down to say hi you can come any time you want scott
make no mistake about it also when we get home from the game last night i go to
let my dogs out and guess what's on the fence
i see my golden retriever jumping up in a year like uh... starting to play butch
boss there's a big possum sitting on my fence
and that damn thing was ready to go hop down and do some serious damage
and if you would have gone after a little log out to say hey go ahead go to it
but uh... ever have a possum on your thing
i've had a few coins around the uh... neighborhood but no possums
well what do you what do you look at me
haven't you been in my neighborhood you see why i live there's woods out
there there's vile animals out there it's still rural
they're always hanging around the dumpsters
what the possums are the cons
off
so mark ferments and
oh by the way anybody see that last night i missed the cause of the game
did mark ferments say that it was very sorry and she said why did you say that
word why did you say that he said what word kike
anyway it's eleven forty four at w i d i
pocket entertainment radio
sixteen w i o d
when we tell go down
and he could be anything now
no more his ugly face
on canal benzy threes
when we tell go down
to the bottom of the ocean
oh must gotta see a full stay
we'll have nothing left to say
worth the damn false i'll wait you're that even a stun major
we'll finally smoke these and cigars
and forks in elvana will rape when they slave in those pre-1958 cars
when we tell go down
and he'll block a movie star
we'll make every day Monday through Sunday
or just like salido he can't pay
no more his ugly face
on canal benzy threes
dammit okay eleven forty nine that's the idea we want to start like we're in the twilight zone
so everybody says everything sounds great your full of crap all you oh japan
provocant to him goiam cut the baloney everything is fine
everything is just fine okay
and like that scholar thing we just thought i haven't heard that in the kounz
age i haven't heard that uh yeah we keep coming back to that again
keep coming back to that again so anybody out there know anything about possums
are they like friendly do they have rabbis or what
they have like long nasty teeth too by the way just thought i would mention that
they're fantastic they are they are nasty and they're fearless
they are fearless that thing was ready to hop down and just to chew that dog to
a little bits and pieces here's i could just keep like looking not okay like where's
this thing is this thing over here is that phone thing at third is way to hell up there on a scene
and look who we got now congratulations and she didn't even hang up on me
no it's the nots lady how you doing good how you doing great wonderful to you how does it sound
on your radio sweetheart my radio it sounds perfect so what's the problem with these people i
think they're calling from cox i think they're the cox people yes i think you're right yeah hey you
know we have raccoons in my neighborhood you have coons in your neighborhood yes we do yeah
they get into our trash every day really yes they do it's terrible well you should stop leaving all
the acting stuff in there i know they like it they like that we're keeping our raccoons on a slim
fast i really i wouldn't be surprised i wouldn't be surprised to see that like on jenny jones
pretty soon coons on a slim fast diet you never know yeah but anyway anyways i just wanted to
come to congratulations and sorry i couldn't get in yesterday but so i forget are you off into our
panthers or not i forget that not yet you're not not yet still i it's only been four years and we
can't convert you from mark grace well i watch the playoff and i'm getting there i'm getting there
i really am i have to understand the game though because i think luke robotite to be honest with
it looks a little bit better than mark grace at this stage does he now could be wrong but he looked
okay to me maybe i'll have to take a look at the suns dream of the rain even though they are
Rangers right yeah okay you didn't watch it last night no did you watch i watched firmman did you
watch firmman yeah and what did he say he said oh he just is so embarrassed that he ever used the
word i'm not no and then they said and you know you called robert chapero a jew
yeah and he's like yeah sorry is that what he said you called him a jew yes she did well isn't he a jew
i guess he is yeah he didn't apologize for that one though only for the other word and uh how
about what's his name there from a harvard what the hell's his name the other attorney oh she
didn't ever talk about durshowitz he's another jew yeah i mean i if you're supposed to call a
spade a spade why can't you call a jew a jew i don't get it well which is not sounds like a
double set of standards that's right well watch out for the old possum hey i will and it's great
here in your voice you still you still you still do in your thing of course i can't wait till
your first remote i'll have to show oh my god she's gonna have her coming out party so to speak
so to speak well that's great keep it up sweetheart thanks you too see you soon bye
speaking of seeing you soon we got what's today today the a ninth the eighth what is it the a ninth
which means in about three weeks we start our center one for 96 thing which uh this year
trust me when i tell you believe me we've had a lot of good the CDs and stuff we put out in the past
this year we'll far far surpass anything we've ever put out we got the the best of niles usual and
this one's got phenomenal stuff i mean the best of everything from the past year we got niles nuggets
which has the bridge tender it's got the jacket a box it's got stuff that we can't play on the
air it's got a hole it's got like uh phone calls it's got all kinds of garbage on there then of course
recon studs this year instead of having a CD which nobody wants they're gonna have a video with
a lot of the payphone challenge crap on air which will be great and then uh and i i'm positive this
is going to be blow everybody else's stuff away in terms of being the best seller will be the
Phil Henry his last iod one obviously that uh Phil and handy were kind enough to put together and
allow us to use this stuff for a center one this year and it's going to have you know margaret will be
on there and uh all these all these uh goiam it'll be great so that's starting November one and
we'll be giving you the schedule of where we're going to be and where you can get it and the great
people at borders by the way are helping us out again this year we appreciate it here's a tabernere
hello hey nioh on a day pretty good that's the level when i'm on hold is like minuscule it could hardly
hear it but that's the idea everything's the best yeah you know you know something maybe that's why
we're losing some of our collars yeah i think it's more than usual it really had to strain to hear it
yeah anyway i'm i'm not straining now okay hey um i took off from Montana for the summer believe it
or not oh my god so like i left in the hockey oh my god thing was just happening yeah i was up there
glacier nasson a park park and then all summer long nobody knew about the panthers terrible in
June couldn't get tv coverage at all it was awful so it's great to hear the we made it in the
Stanley cup yeah we did we had a great spring and summer all the way into June it went on forever
and the this town was happened yeah we haven't seen anything like that here in a hell of a long time
all right just get back and it starts up again then tci down here really had me worried but you know
what last night yeah it was on it was on 33 well that's what they call this channel it's a 25
down here but yeah wbf s is right 33 holy old channel right now it's the 33's not oh holy old channel
no way Jose okay i just didn't even have it on my thing yeah anyway so i was glad it was on and we
were able to watch the whole thing well welcome back pal it's gonna be a hang on for a wild ride
this year it's gonna be great it's gonna be all right oh i had something i thought the hell i think
okay take your time remember it'll come back to you man see you later put it in the bottle yeah okay
open line on the green line there one eight oh don't say it i haven't given one wrong number
out yet i come close one eight eight eight nine four nine w i o d one eight eight eight nine four nine
nine four six three it's toll free we pay the free trust me because uh paxon got the big bucks
here's uh Miami on the purple line hello Neil good morning when is this uh yes i want to talk to
Neil let me say it again here i am all right uh you sound so much better now than you did on the
standby uh i want to tell you how bad was it i want to hear how bad it was it was gross was it gross
you had a lean over you had a it was so bad i dropped a check off on my mother's on the way
yeah you had to you had to put the phone close to your back home just to hear what was going on
my ear is all read from pushing on it uh huh and the phone too and the phone too right uh i can't
stand it i call tci they told me oh we're negotiating we're doing this we're doing that
guess what i got the big dish being delivered today oh great i can't stand it i'm so excited
f1 21 just write that down right now f1 ff is in frank frank f1 21 f1 21 right what is that
that's the number of f1 is the satellite channel 21 is where you find
talk in entertainment radio six ten w i o d my m e port later you
my wife left town with Hank Goldberg what a lucky ghost found a little shabby hiding in a
chance no it wasn't it was his overcoat
hope forever happens to you Hank Goldberg's your ratings in i paid for the beer my wife left
town with Hank Goldberg has eighty three stipend the ratings aren't slipping the late he's
in today i paid for the beer
yeah just waiting for that last note and it never comes that's what tom kru said
1202 at w i o d happy wednesday to you everybody here is in a spiffy mood we had a little
microphone problem there on the news which you just heard which i'm excited about it's great
having like glitches and screw ups that's what makes it fun it's like being like Marco polo all
over again ones give me a dirty look like well i think you should have been plugged in just relax
take it easy i mean we just came out of the cocks uh uh hoist problem okay there ain't nobody
listening anyway here's a pember pines hello pember pines oh god like i said what we're going to be
getting a lot of those open-minded broward at the seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
here's moral gables hello coral gables let me ask you something are we going back in like you know
do what we usually do and see if they're on there like every five or three or six hours
because these people seem to be disappearing real fast like today open line and date at six two two nine
four six three one and broward seven six seven nine four six three a lady on the uh where is it
what does that mean George what is the uh my and uh my my beach in my me b
i beg your pardon just keep looking across the screen only my my beach over there it's over there
but how come in the other cities they're over in the first thing see what i'm saying because that's
the way the fields go that's the way the fields go okay as in strawberry forever here's a lady
on the beach hello yes man from beautiful bay harbour islands wow you as well as Ron and Ron a hearty
muzzle toss sim hot and lots of nahus in your new palatial studios thank you so much as far as
only Ron and Ron ain't coming until jane were by the way they'll be here in jane were in this
bay will be welcome with open arms right but as far as earning out some of your bugs
enough with a rick and sadz already i would prefer to listen to distorted Ron and Ron anytime
then crystal clear rick and suds really absolutely yeah that is all i'll relay the message thank you
thanks sweetheart bye bye okay that call was coming from north bay village we have an open line
and date six two two w i d six two two nine four six three mobile line is waiting on you there
baby we pay the freight pound i od mobile once sell 18t wireless here's a let me ask you this George
yes how come the next one air up on the top is uh you see what i'm saying what it says for
lottery right but it says for lottery right next to the thing what do you want me to move it over
no i do not want you to move it over how come some are moved over and some are not moved over
that's all i'm asking because of the amount of information yeah i enter something in the first
field then it moves the thing in the second field okay whatever you say okay i believe it
here's for lottery hello hello yes sir Neil yeah hi yeah you're wonderful and i would just like to
congratulate you on your new studio this is the best of luck this is a lady no this is all this is a man
yes i'm 84 years old and i just can't get enough of your show yeah okay sal
sure mazel tuff get out of here that's your second call to the schmuck
open line in date six two two nine four six three what on a green line nine five four
or in proud remember to hold it is nine five four nine four six three nine five four what is it
point i'm even giving wrong numbers out seven six seven w i od i'm getting a little bit on the
dizzy side at this point did we ever get a response on the food thing by the way
no no a response a response i begged on the uh what he's gonna call me on the inside line that
i don't know the number of yet and yeah well how come they can i see you can call on the air
no working just uh set over a bunch of food now that it's new and in right in the middle
lunch i would say don't hold your breath at this point here's hollywood hello i can hear yes how are
you sir okay good to have you around in hollywood here yeah oh it's great yeah uh what i think
i wanted to lower the median demographic to least under 70 yeah uh what happened to let the good
luck course through i sent you remember you send me a good luck screw now the corkscrew the little man
oh i got it you have it i got it you see you see what happened then you're you're doing great
that turned my life around pal i can never thank you enough i'm i had it for 10 years and i only
saw beautiful things i've always said there's nothing like a little corkscrew lesson that lady
complained about the raccoons yeah just by listening to her voice i'd like to go on her
trash really yeah listen i think after she lost all the weight she's got a long long waiting line
out pal you're gonna have to take a number where are you located in the not in wood where we located
right between a rock and a hard place not really right off sherdon in 995 when you have beautiful
restaurants around there yeah like such as give me give me a for instance man it's an itali
restaurant it's a little house an old house yeah catabella i had the cassa bella cassa bella
beautiful inside the big place yeah you might have a beautiful experience there where is it located
it's north of the high lie on federal highway the first i think one block north of
uh... they need to be sure that yes i'm not about whatever happened to the uh deli den they're not
there anymore are they no is there a deli in there now no there's no deli there
but that was there so what what is west of here what what are the restaurants west on sherdon
no it's it's on federal highway no i'm not forget about cassa bella already i got that down i'm
asking you since you know the area what are the great restaurants that are like in the other
direction west of sherdon 95 no you don't you don't find anything here nothing there no
you get closer to federal highway that area there and then you get the beach yeah the way the
and then there's always Jackson's ice cream yeah if you are on the diet you can do that right
can i call somebody a douche bag go ahead pal
daddy and you are the you are a major nice douche bag a nice one okay have a rivet arch
see if cassa bella hi jo open line and proud at seven six seven wiod seven six seven nine four six three
here's a boca hello yo yo yeah yeah this is spanked a man spanked a man yeah we're spanked a man how's
you wrecked over spanked how's your what i'm fighting crime in your ass yeah you know like you try
to you know like your mama sick and tap yo what's up your mama and like you can relate to that
what's up you know i'm saying like yeah word people dealing crack in yo crack yeah you know i'm saying
yeah you got a crack problem is that what you be saying nah nah i'm trying to make it you know like
you're trying to people like trying to you know make a better to push yo salad yeah you know i'm
trying trying to say here like trying to play a role in your heart okay you know i'm saying baby
okay bagel man see around that's bagel man i told you those those dark and collected guys
like the delis trust me when i tell you just go to lose fighter deli in Detroit it is
fenced through an air like you wouldn't believe really dark we have an open line in day six two two
w i o d six two two so what did mark firm and say he said he was really sorry and she asked him if
he had said it again recently and he goes well how recently yeah and he said listen you mick
bitch quit with the stupid questions or i'm gonna have to take your ass in here's a mobile in
day county hello hey good morning you know yes sir now the restaurant you're gonna be eating at is
two jays on shared in yeah i don't know if you're aware of it it's a wonderful deli two jews
yeah and that two jews right two jews deli and uh you know they got the big sandwiches they got
the big they got everything that's where you that's where you're that's where the deli then used to be
it's alright that's exactly right you speak deli then then two jays two jays out west palm beach
and they don't want to go too far into my because you can only take so much of it but they did come
down this bar and you know i'm sure that's where you'll be dining i saw you at the game last night
you moved into my section you're in 106 yeah i'm running at the top on the first row on the first
corner great yeah so uh i saw you with uh the thing is that i have some stuck in his throat or
is that an atom's apple who's that you're your friend stuck in his throat he's got he's got such
a protrusion there you know i was looking at the fellow sitting next to you there who john
eraddo's name huh not the not the screver with the rats but the guy sitting just to your left
there yeah john has got a big one he's got a big one how about his atom's apple i couldn't tell you
though if you just had something stuck in his throat there what i know it's problem well i have to
ask him i'm sure it wouldn't be the first time hey what's going on with strachama he looked lost
last night that was what strachama he looked lost he looked lost he had the two he had two fantastic
screach hands they got a breakaway and he had that phenomenal shot that he made and uh he
leo robbed him both times strachama played a strong game last night i'm i must admit that what came
where you watch you were too busy watching atom's apples that was your problem keep your eye on the ice
man i was star struck what can i say that must have been it yeah but uh you know you're right about
neater marb with not mad yeah he played good he played a good solid game
and when he first came in it was my hero when he when he first came in then he got hit
and he just went belly out man way way way pussy yeah when comments hit him in that uh
Chicago game he kind of like really pussyed up there for a few games but he'll be all right
it's just yeah but he looks good now i think yeah i think he's going to be there
in fact opening night in philly i thought he was a little off his uh feed too but sunday or
sat whatever the hell night it was the first ranger game in the nigan last night very strong
nice going robby all right take care it's all i got for you day okay i'll check on that apple for you
all right bye have a great life okay we got two open lines we got a parent day that six two two
two w i d six two two nine four six three twelve minutes past noon at w i day we still haven't
heard nothing about the food well we don't have any phone numbers that could be a problem
we don't have no way for anybody to contact us see if this was like the old times they'd be coming
through the door right now with boxes and boxes of food and with deli sandwiches and with pickles
and with all kinds and with bagels and luxe and cougal and potato lockers and all kinds of great
stuff that even the goyam here would enjoy but first day in the neighborhood and they're getting
used to us okay they'll be all right hawk and entertainment radio six ten w i o d are you a terrorist
who's tired of paying outrageous prices for your tools of one-time destruction and come to
crazy accaments discount there is a warehouse hey even though you're a dear landstay Islamic fundamental
is killing machine you still know a bargain when you see one all weekend on it's a big car
pump blowout spectacular buy a car back to it over one thousand pounds of explosives get free
air conditioning because when you're getting ready to drive into a building and blow your head up
you want to be cool and comfortable how can i do this i'm crazy just like you today only buy one
scheme i did five free available in black lead toy boys and don't because when you're confronting
the great state and none of the united states you want to look sharp by pumps we got the five pumps
by pumps made for so much scrap blow your evil american targets will be wishland dixie on the
other side of the last buy one by pump is good they said the blast knuckles free perfect for
the next time you catch your wife without her veil cover your face black screaming does it by
so come to crazy accaments discount there is a warehouse where we're declaring horny war on
places praise i love 12 16 at w i do you know i've neglected to do so far first of all let's see if
we can locate Steve nickel Steve how come this thing don't work man what is that all that was me
but how come this doesn't work on bank numeral ono how come that ain't to do nothing
well that's where he is okay we were looking for him we found him
so anyway 12 17 at w i d he's he's just getting ready for uh do it a good job he's
gonna organize the whole thing okay he's gonna put one glass over here one bottle over there
he'll be all right okay let's take a call from beautiful four-lotterdale hello
deal yes sir yeah i just uh want to say i think the best thing about last night was that
everybody got to watch the game because there was no baseball on last night and that was rained out
so i think that's right i was thinking that last night that was uh got a lot of extra viewers who
didn't have uh no yanky or yanky or yanky what was that started one today yeah four o'clock oh four
o'clock all right i don't have to get screwed out of that excellent yeah um i i wait so you were
they was fantastic the place went nuts and uh it was just a beautiful thing in fact it's a beautiful
banner i mean that was i think i think that's better than the uh the avalanche i mean the avalanche
has screwed the avalanche they finally beat a girl's team last night but they're one and two were
in better shape than they are yeah i mean but our our banner was a lot better looking i mean
they just have a white banner with their with their logo on it i'm sure realistically we'd
rather have the one that says tap of champions but let's say get back to you know the real world
it was great it was just everything was done very very well the laser stuff was great with all the
names and the numbers of the players and the introductions and the raising of the banner it was just
it was done beautifully i might see our rollers for that that was great and then the thing that
was amazing to me is that over these four years there have been different games like opening night
or whatever and they've said well be sure and be in your seats early by such and such a time
and you know this is such a these people dragged their ass in this town last night it was
unbelievable trying to get to that arena because the people actually showed up and by you know they
said seven ten they waited until seven twenty yeah by seven twenty that place was packed you couldn't
to cram the other sardine in there with a shoehorn yeah you know watching the sports channel
last night the only thing bad about it is is is gotta be net Smith i mean he doesn't have a clue
about hockey i i'm listening to him in exactly i mean he looks like he's he's lost totally
lost i mean he he looks like he's reading a script card or something yeah he's just so bad i don't
i don't know i just and he's got a radio show too now and and i'm like that's right in fact it's
going to be pretty tough i'm glad we're promoting net Smith and Joseph Gackie together again in
stereo five sixty wqa i'm noon to three every afternoon no way just thirty seconds will give you
that nice c s that you've been waiting for no way i'm glad you're on the okay you can't complain
about the personality on that show man because there isn't any two of the most bland two of the
you talk about teaming up two boring people together oh unbelievable hey yeah can you
shocking can you play uh yeah can you play jose the gackie so if i had it you bet i would all right
thank you have a great day pal now they're starting to get cute they're starting with a request
is to can you do this can you then i sure would if we were all organized and all sent here but trusty
what i said we were going to like electrocute people who requested stuff today because we're there's
no way that i forgot about that so yeah wish we could get him back on a line yeah we already
promised that anybody who requests stuff today we're going to uh fry your ass right over the phone
because we're just a little bit disorganized you know i'm saying unbelievable right that's the point
i really do want to go back to that first bank there's some really neat stuff on that thing as in
for our good friend bob green and for bob kneel and all our other good friends at cocks because
you guys lying as your middle name you were really great to us i know you cared a lot especially
once that sale went down these last four months you really went the extra nine yards to make sure
that everything went a okay to make sure that nobody played any subversive games behind the scenes
then nobody hired a way any divided employees from wio d so that we would like have a disadvantage
to start that nobody kind of like just let everything go to hell that nobody avoided putting
a wio d upon a marquee until these last couple of days where it said up your ass wio de
employees or whatever it's set up there thank you wio d staff wasn't that touching weren't you just
after all the years that some of us have spent in that joint didn't it just uh tickle your
rectum just uh seeing that thing on a marquee thank you wio d staff you're welcome
we have an open line in date at six two two wio d six two two nine four six three and one on the
uh purple line pound iod here's a lady in date hello hello yes ma'am hi Neil how's by you okay
congratulations when you're moved to your new studio thank you and i thank you so much for the
acting style yeah last year i lost about twenty pounds and i'm back on it now because i gained a
little and i want to thank you for um getting me interested in hockey i don't really know a lot about
it yet but my husband and my son you know have went a couple of times last year and it was great for
so i love you Neil but i also want to say one thing Neil i when you love somebody you don't always
agree with everything they do you know yeah you're a little hard on black people do you meaning what
well you know like i there is something the something that you say like i understand that it's a joke
and i don't really take it personally but i i've heard like uh other black people call in and
and sort of give you a hard time when you you say about light complex black yeah what's wrong
like that but you say those dark ones you know get away something like that you know that's
really good away i just said if they would just if the black people in america would lighten up a
little bit yeah that's a good idea i think we get all afford to lighten up just a little bit
i understand but that don't you huh don't you think that's true yeah i think so but i just wanted
to let you know you know that's like a very serious and sensitive issue in the black community
what is that well what's the issue of complexion you know why is that it's a thing it's an internal
thing i think that maybe that's why a lot of people in the black community as you call it don't
like michael jackson no or is it maybe because he's a child molester one of the other because he's
a pedophile yes i'd say that might be it or maybe both of the above yeah but i just want to
tell you it's sort of like it's like i said it's a sensitive issue when when especially when
you know a white person says that it's sort of like a sense how about in the malato community is
a complexion of a big issue there i don't know i i don't i'm not familiar with any malato
community well i i don't know any black community either i mean there's like liberty city and
overtown and there there's north mimey and wherever else black people are there's four lot of
people in dark with people there's moka people there's dark chocolate people there's like light
brown there's like a tan there's like whatever you want yeah we come in every shade right so
but i'm just saying that's a sensitive issue how dark are you um it doesn't matter deal
well nobody i'm so another one so another with this black person i'm are you very early like real
super black like no i'm not no well what what shade would you say like light mocha i don't know
it doesn't i maybe you know like like chocolate chip with a little cream in it uh-huh
you know what i always say hold the cream sweetheart have a great day okay yeah see you bye bye
she's light okay we have two open lines in day that six two two w i d six two two nine four six
three one on the uh-broward at seven six seven w i o d seven six seven nine four six three
here's four lotterdale hello hello nia yes sir you're right out the street now huh i beg your pardon
you're right out the street yeah anyways hey can i give someone that gun fire fire fire
fire the line up you know yeah i want to give a t-c-i because their management stop
yeah i could pick so i could pick better stations and become a genius over there i mean i could
become a millionaire some big well i sure can't disagree with that can you and here's what he wanted
there you go pal he said their effing management sucks and what's wrong with that huh
the truth she'll set you free brother that's what it's all about he said t-c-i's management
bites the big one and there's a bonus at no extra charge how do you like that man
we have an open line on it green line and one eight we're gonna have to i guess we'll have to
start now i'm gonna keep calling whatever i always call them screw it we'll have to color code
them just for me just to pass if i'm a because i'm an old fart and set in my ways one eight eight eight
nine four nine w i o d one eight eight eight nine four nine nine four six three on our first day
and our new surroundings and i must be honest with you that i'm ready for a to pass out now this is a
real uh... draining experience this first day i mean everything is just a piece of cake you reach
over here and don't call you everything is like within a uh... but you know within arms length
or a toes length or a penis length whatever it might be but it just uh always a very
intervening thing the first day and a new thing here's for a lot of the hello
hey what's up neal yes sir um first of all going back to the restaurant just a lot of
restaurants on shared in west yeah like chiles you can also go to east i marios cafe i'll tell you
what i like it chiles boards their soup they got great soup of chiles yeah they do also east
side marios cafe which just open up yeah and then if you go over to university drive a little bit south
of actually little bit north of um shared and you got gary sports bar yeah but why do we want to go
away out there we're like we're like more east we're like right by 95 you're are you in the old
why 100 building no the old magic building oh no magic building in fact i'll tell you what's like
right down the block from us here even though it's not a restaurant but penduch meets his right
down here where you can go wait an hour at denny's yeah we got denny's up on the corner down on the
corner somebody told somebody told me that in this particular denny's if there's anybody in there
like in the daytime it's a hold up or something like that also you know where else you can go yeah
oh what's that new there's a new deli right by the down the street by you we're deli denny's to be
jays yeah that's it that's what the guy said before two two jays it's two jays it's two live Jews
i think and maybe it's the two people that saying that song could be also you haven't spoken
anything about the hurricane since weekend of course not which is one of the biggest games of the year
but why do i care about them i didn't care about them before why should i care now that i hope
i face use scores about eighty points oh you're an fs u fan no the hurricane's are going to kill
them i think well dream on man you don't think dream on it's going to be a long aggravating afternoon
do you go to u m and no i went my parents graduated from u m and i'm a diehard hurricane fan
ah poor baby no i actually like the hurricane yeah and also so let me ask you this question what do
you think about brine blades going to winning touchdown for c edel and beat the dolphins
sunday that it was a little depressing but he depressing right the dolphins are going to come back
and win this week yeah in buffalo in buffalo um air sim will throw about three touchdown passes
and dolphins will win 21 seven you're okay my book pal the eternal optimist okay have a great life
okay no feel too bad on sand today it's going to be ugly that uh fs u is i know fs u had a little
trouble they've been sputtering early in the game but guess what they keep winning them and a hercones
i mean they did beat up on a girl school pittsburg and pittsburg came back and beat up on temple
which i thought was a grotesque anti-semitic act and it was so embarrassing the temple to lead in that
game like 16 times that the coach quittin said if we're going to lose to a team like that then uh
screwed gonna be a long Saturday man just get used to it 1229 at w i o d
entertainment radio 16 w i o d
you work hard you play harder and when the heat is on you're losing crucial bodily fluids
fluids you've got to replenish if you want to keep going do it with urine the all natural
sport strength it gives back what nature takes away great game jack let's say we hit the clubhouse
knock back a couple of urans urine now you're talking warm wet wonderful urine kidney filtered so
it's always clear never cloudy urine it's pure drinking satisfaction we punish your body the way
nature intended with 100% natural urine urine it's number one all right it's 12 for 34 even
a bug man's friendly here how do you like that he just come here and he's spritz teradis a big big
listener he smiled he had a big smile on his push and he said this one's for you and it was a
great thing how do you like that even the bug man is friendly if we can just get some food to
straighten out here i guarantee you tomorrow which i will be eating in here of course tomorrow
or somewhere around here i guarantee you by tomorrow we'll have these bastards straight not with
the food situation make no mistake about that here's a four-letter deal hello four-letter deal going
once going twice hello hello Neil yes sir how's it going great i haven't talked to you
god since the playoffs ended last year yeah out of town this summer and i just got back in and
just wanted to wish you a just a time for the panthers great start yeah right excellent excellent
haven't missed the game yet so uh but uh last night's game was a little disheartening but uh that's
well when the lines been screwed you went uh when a miserable frog in a backstabbing Russian
conspired to get together to take the uh gay the winnowing from you it is very disheartening yeah make
no mistake about it yeah like you said earlier though we we got a point out of it and i'm sure
we'll we'll encounter quite a few more situations like that but i guess you just kind of have to take
them as they come um and then of course healy all of a sudden had to come to Miami and find the good
stuff whatever was that he was on last night because i've never seen anything like that performance
he pulled off the last time i saw anybody well i wasn't really that long ago when biser and
Patrick frog got involved at last game we played the avalanche game four yeah well that gold tending was
i would say on the same par with the way that healy played last night he was unbelievable yeah that
was that was a good move by the rangers coach to put healy in there i was i was really hoping with
see rick you know played he i rick the shot is low in the world cup man he played phenomenal in
there he was unconscious he was great and then uh you know i think he had a tremendous letdown
when the season started he played very weak the first two games he gave the bruins four and he
opened or we got five on him on sunday so that's nine and two games and they figured just uh you
cool as jets a little wild stick healy in there and he was great yeah i was glad the panthers were able to
you know at least get get a goal in there i don't remember if you remember last season it seems
like when the panthers were in there they're a little splump towards the second half of the season
yeah we couldn't stick it in the ocean yeah it seemed like we were always running in the hot gold
tenders so right hopefully this is just like i thought you know something i thought we looked
outstanding last night the atmosphere in the joint was like a playoff game the team looks like a
real honest a goodness team where you know we're not anybody that says we play boring now i'm sorry
i don't buy that i mean the third period sure we had a shut it down a little bit we knew we had
to protect that one of the lead but the first two periods we outplayed them dramatically we had
breakaway after breakaway our passing was really good in those first two periods it kind of
vanished on the third but uh we're looking good this is a real team yeah they they they did look
excellent and i don't care what anybody says i mean i like Brad Smith but these people around me
said oh yeah we'd rather have him than shepherd shepherd is a pure goal scorer he came you know he
considering he's been out for a while he looked pretty good to me last night he looked just fine
i was glad to have him back in the way that amen that's for sure i guess the only the only negative
point last night about the whole game had to be that uh that announcer i've heard a couple people
rag what's his name net smith or whatever yeah he was a complete idiot uh he referred to the hockey
players as ball players last night had a boy nid what a jackass what a bozo i didn't know they played
with balls in the hockey at least not down on the ice yeah and in his case i think uh it's an
exaggeration yes so uh that and the only other thing i wanted to touch on is uh rimmer i like
rimmer i don't want to give the guy a hard time but we're going to get a penalty upcoming here
looks like the robot's eye retaliated at something that went on with he and retinot water and the
pathers will get a power play rines scrublin pathers have the net empty off he Lee breathe out scores
poppy fits jerald oh the white pet away the pathers are on the board and Lee won to the
up one oh oh oh oh yeah you were saying there you go no i'm not not a hard way but he has this
he has this one liner that he says like every game i don't whether especially when they're away
when the crowd gets into it and something happens the other team he always goes much to the
delight of the crowd that just drives me nuts when he says you know what you don't have a
rines me of it's mara it's like mara of albert with it he hears it from the crowd if i ever have to
hear that again from our albert i'm personally going to take care of his ugly ass he hears it from
the crowd get out of here with that new york crap get out of our face barb you make me sick go
i eat some uh the humontosh or something get out of here well maybe if rimmer's listening he'll
change he'll change it up or something yeah hold your breath but other than that he's a great
announcer and i'm taking he's taking his mic lang lessons right now is he he's working on it all
right we'll see him i guess on saturday he's doing his no i don't think that game is on so he'll be
uh he'll be wandering around saying everybody anybody know me i'm the famous announcer i did i did
see him at uh one of the play out i believe it was the uh calorado game last last year before one of
the one of the games before yeah before the game started uh oh and up to him and i talked him
for a minute or two and he had a little drink on he was he was feeling pretty happy so yeah he was
a nice guy though he's okay he has his moments have a great day pal all right he'll take it
that's what hanks says we have an open line and date at uh i keep wanting to give those old numbers
and i haven't done a once and i'm not going to do it again just keep saying to yourself just
concentrate real hard six two two w i o d six two two nine four six three and we got an open line
two of men browards seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven two to weekly the awards
of penguin goal comes up barassu and off same as the players when you were the puck for the penguins
behind the defensive driver going for the net let me use it on goal back hanger
hey
so
very like a rated meal and the penguins lay to anything
mario love you he just seemed to stop free frame and be
very
come on Mikey better work on it a little bit pal
let's go to uh my me on uh whatever this is hello donneal your first show at the new building
is a masquerade show how you doing long co-ion how do you like that beautiful that's the only thing
i can find real quick but there it is i just wanted to tell you i live in the area and uh
deli den is there i don't know what these guys are talking to deli den is i thought they had a fire
or something oh no that was some the stuff pepper or something like that oh deli den is there
in operating great place deli den was a sponsor mind like about a hundred and fifty years ago and
i think one of the owners like uh bluest brains out or something really never heard about that
what we have my wrong i'm pretty sure something happened over there well it's there i go there for
breakfast every Saturday okay okay two days what about that two live jews deli two days excellent soup
terrible service but yeah well see we don't have to worry about things like that because when they
bring it over here it's like they put it right in front of your push and how's this can you
believe that there's a restaurant called floras right by you two really there's a flanetian
floras on uh shared in street yeah it's it's the best you can get around here for Italian being an
Italian of Sheridan where uh Sheridan just um west of park road which is like right by the t-wide
park there right there's a little uh shopping plaza and they're inside there great and what else
wild rose excellent food gourmet yeah and that's about it for the rhoda not a whole lot but there
should be enough to keep us going i know what you're saying going there i'll tell you one thing
there sure wasn't a whole lot over there on the uh 79th street causeway yeah but you had the real
floras man yeah we had the real floras we had uh ralf steiner we had raised whatever the hell's
name was ralf ray red that's what we had uh and a capri and that's pretty much what we said
right and what what was there on 21st street they moved out of the way though they used to be on
21st street closer to the beach it was a good Italian place who on 71st street yeah it was like they
had a seating there at six o'clock and eight o'clock beats hell out of me they were awesome okay i'll
take your word for it that's it okay pal okay i'm gonna have a great life you too okay what do you
say two open lines in day at six two two nine four six three six two two w i o d here's uh now that's
a good one i like that oops oops that's whatever oh probably Miami whatever hello hello are you in
whatever good afternoon yes sir yes i want to ask a question what are the panther tickets you know
mostly a football fan but i like parking now yeah and i've never been to the arena now i know what
that tickets go for their good you know decent seats decent seats yeah like you know not so high
not so low 38 bucks 40 bucks for good the best seats are like 48 bucks the cheap seats are like
the panther pack are like 12 bucks oh no i don't want to go that though yeah for the 50 bucks sounds
kind of pretty good yeah all righty but i got news for you if you think you can just like walk
up and buy them i mean the next several games are already sold out it's gonna it's gonna be a
tough ticket this year how about i need scoppers around in the area lots of scalpers
of a poly expensive huh i don't know i wow the last that i heard the tickets last that were going
for 250 bucks a pop 250 yeah man hey rangers man no rangers off panther fan well that's what i'm
saying but i'm just rangers and panthers gigantic rivalry come on Saturday and see hard for
they got a girls team and uh you're maybe a hundred bucks a pop uh-huh i think i still love you
me see you there heartford beat the crap out of the penguins last night by the way which everybody's
always telling me that the penguins can't beat the wailers in heartford but i mean most at seven to
three something like that pretty ugly if you ask me could be a long year in pissburg is what i
would think uh open line and date at six two two w i o d where it's twelve forty three
talking entertainment radio victim w i o d so ladies you want a new car but you also want value
will i choke my wife down to urls and boy did he dicker and then i dicker we dicker heck we both
dicker we dicker back and forth we just dicker dicker dicker like girl says you don't get a car
this sheep unless i dicker and boy did she walk away happy and with a quality use car girls big
gold lot of cars just off the interstate he's ready and willing to dicker twelve forty seven at w
o d and our palatial new hollywood studios we sure hope that everybody over there in north bay
villages having a great time i'll come and see my doctor i think friday after it would be a good
time he can suck a little blood out would be good yeah let's communicate with the doctor i guess
over the year now since i guarantee you they got a cranked up in fact probably all north bay
villages got a really cranked up big time today especially there any do you think they took the
a thing off the front of the building or not i doubted because that's not their building so
they better not potsky around with it you know i'm talking about the big six ten w i d a d
cal air on the top of the front i don't think they're going to touch that because it ain't
their building and they don't want to get evicted this tiller here's a tamarack hello
hey neal how you doing okay sir i think i'd be the first call from tamarack to what to what
call your palatial new studio oh i got a wing we got to do some early and i had trouble every time
i called the six seven six seven number i kept getting a recording thing the number was being
checked the trouble please try again later what does that what does that mean i have no idea and then
i tried the eight eight eight number i got a busy signal but i get to show that you can dial the
eight eight eight number from nine from the nine five four eight area code okay okay and i have
a i just have a question i'm not making a request or anything since since i know you can now
play trouser trod and sporting a woody are you now free to play if you can ever find it someday the
the what the air one time only executive washroom bit oh that that's gone that's long gone you won't
find that i know what you're talking about yeah you will yeah i remember you played it one time
over it when you still know what they've built about a hundred years ago and you said that you
got so much uh... flat from people you couldn't play it again so i was wondering if you ever
free to play that one if we can find it okay i think i called let me say again if you actually
have now over there if george can find it i guess you can now play trouser trod again how do you like that
but you are free how do you like that for being so repressed from all these experts out there at
excess and all these people are writing the a little parochial yoke news papers about how
paxons gonna clamp down and now we can play all kinds of stuff that we couldn't play out of the
cops people how do you like them apples well anything just new nick says i don't believe anyway so i
figure if he says something you just believe the opposite okay pal okay take a meal every life
that's a good point we better start uh... where am i going to put my fingers on those two by the way the
uh... those uh... rock comedy the ones that were in like a little box so they certainly are to appear
are they they're probably uh... long gone the ones he was just talking about trouser trout
what do you mean for so that good great stuff that we need to keep playing over and over again
boy do i know where my crap is or what huh do i know my crap mister or what but boys did a pain in the
ass having to deal with these i don't want to get right press enough said but this is this is
very seriously a pain in the ass because i see a real nice space back here with that cd deck would
just perfect
max
this is a pain in the ass
this is a pain in the ass although the fact is that will eventually have this all in here anyway so we
won't have to worry about it because as far as i'm concerned these these uh... these uh... jewel case
things with the cd's this this is worse than carts
at least the cart you can just stick it in there so to speak
but with this thing you got a patch you're on you got to take the old one out you got to you got to
stick all of them in these which god forbid we do that will have all the way what is it
said i don't know if we give you a player or one without that you don't need a case for him when
that does need case without the okay
isn't that what i was talking about
isn't that what i suggested yesterday
yeah how about it
isn't that what we have okay must be losing my mind isn't that what you told great idea roya
yeah now exactly roya just came up with a hell of a good idea
let's just get a player in here like a regular cd deck to sit back here that doesn't need these
stupid jewel cases on it god what a great idea i think that sounds pretty good to me all right
yeah all right sports fans see if it's their idea that great see i'm using the wrong side
college here right George nice thinking guys let's do it okay here's a pop it all hello
i do it now okay uh what's up with those leaves
why they lost the game yeah so what about all huh they're brutal what does what does that mean
they were they kicked the crap out of the ducks on Saturday what do you want oh yeah that's
here that duck that you got there in the car yeah if they if the leaves uh couldn't buy a win
they if they paid for their wins with their testicles they still come out under 500 yeah
they'd be 40 and 40 they're gonna have a bad year so what's a big deal they better be doing
something that farm system they're not they're not they stink oh my goodness yeah and closing yeah
and goalboard for calvaca to open lines in date i have no idea what that means but i do like the way
you say i think that's like part of ayarta six two two nine four six three six two two
w i d boy sure do like like i said i love these cd decks we don't need that cd thing in here do we
of course if they're willing to put in here we'll go along with anything but it might not be a real
bad idea since it saves a lot of time do you want to say
people are watching women are staring on their green roof and
oh but i'm not sharing some say he's brainless now much don't talk
in not much to look at but i ain't looking his smells just a little too much
is that all a little too close his nose is just a little too long
but while they're running i will be moaning
all then he's got a really big trials of trials
the girls with screaming they let it out
he's got a really big trials of trials i'm fishing for the
oh
he's got a really big trials of trials
that part can make me just twist and shout
he's got a really big trials of trials of fishing for the
oh
he's got a really big trials of trials
they're complaining that the pitch is off what are you talking about?
pitch this what we got about to you know something those calls are going to be coming from
the Cox people somebody is calling bitching that the pitch is the pitch is inside and high is
what it is low on outside for strike four what are these people the hawk at a china kibata
there's nothing wrong with the pitch on it
maybe they like to hear that one of those old-fashioned decks that the brother
is going to slip in here sounds perfect to me
right so like i said 1255 at wiod
George
with new time 1255 time for the Bloomberg market minute brought to you by copy co south lord is only
authorized to sheba copier and fax dealer amr has boosted the initial public offering for
its saber group holdings unit to as much as five hundred and forty five million dollars
in a sign of strong investor demand the parent of american airlines raised the IPO share price
for its reservation systems to 25 to 27 dollars each amr had expected to sell shares for 20 to
23 dollars amr off a half now at 82 and a half and amaco says it will sell on the gasoline
retailing business in Poland Romania and Bulgaria after sales fell short of expectations
and the us company decided to focus on growth closer to home amaco shares up seven ace at 73
and five ace checking in with the market the us dogs are mixed the dowel off 30 points at 59
thirty six the nasdaq up a point at twelve forty one turning to treasuries the benchmark thirty
year bond on the plus side gaining two thirty second talk in entertainment radio six ten
w i o d by any fort lottery this is tom denneberg if it weren't for me there wouldn't be a one to two
can't you think of anything better to talk about
well i drive up two tons of my dual truck and coast to coast like my rig i like the rule but it's not
what i love most there's a guy all i left in frisco a sweet young fine name rose and the best
angfying about her she lets me wear her clothes well i'm proud to be country transvestite
and i love to wear the girls clothes all day all day lacy bra a frilly blouse a silken egg new
shade now i'm still a macho tough guy in a hope you'll understand how i's born with a big black
mustache in a six back in my hand but when i go out for more hot do it well for twist
all words trapless evening gown and a nose gay on my wrist yes i'm proud to be country transvestite
and i love to wear the girls clothes all day all day i gloss my lips
she's my heart and sleeping lost and rain now i like the way i'm living don't get me by my clothes
i'm an all-american he man i love legs and he holds so don't look at me funny or i'll punch out your
life and the last thing you'll remember as a trucker in fishnet tides yes i'm proud to be country
transvestite and i love to wear the girls clothes all day all day
painted lips padded hips my shaved legs on display yes i'm proud to be country transvestite
and i love to wear the girls clothes all day
i'm proud to be country transvestite
i'm gonna get these panties holes on here hope i don't get a run you know i hate that i hate that
you know when you chip your nails and that thing flakes off there just terrible you know and you
gotta go back home just put your new nail polish on it i would take them up or something you
just put it on apparently you wouldn't have to do it every day you know what i'm playing
i could use a bubble bath i really could and i'm going to go to the shop i am i swear to god i believe
in the fight okay one o'clock at w.w.w.w.w. the good stuff is coming in baby
it is this is from our first caller of the morning this morning remember he uh what was the
name bill i do believe whatever he was there's a whole bunch of stuff and he'll never be chronic and
enjoy the atkins Lorenzo i got two atkins that cheesecakes from maranzos here George in the bag
which i'll take the mommies that'll be beautiful and i got a whole bunch of other crap that showed up
in the door here and i got see too bad we didn't have this earlier but that of course we could have
required some planning from uh somebody in programming do we have anybody in programming or
see passed out in the car he'll be all right he'll be okay as soon as he finds out what's going on
huh George George done it it's the one to two hour yeah we know i like the adenembrick one that
brings me how's Tommy denembrick how's little Tommy D and Ronnie B how's little Tommy D doing are
we going to see him in this building or what but that'll be great that'll really be great then we'll
have somebody shorter than George to push around here's a lady hello hi yes ma'am oh here i'm a lady
sometime can barely hear you though oh i'm sorry there you go okay good first of all
wait wait wait welcome to Braddock how's blowing it thank you welcome welcome and the other
thing is Puirco Vodka it's fat cow all right and there's a five places all over the place
here for you to eat i thought so deli den moved on to uh sterling so there if you take you're on
29th Avenue right yeah so if you go to sterling north instead of share it in deli den is uh
what what do you mean sterling north well you're i'm now i mean 20 now you're starting to sound
like Brian Andrew sterling north go north on 29 i got you right up to sterling right it goes all
the way through right and go west and you'll you'll find deli den yeah there's also a tiny
little bag of these one's restaurant is a Chinese restaurant that's there one of the best
Italian that'll deliver to you is just salvos oh the salvos and other one of our old sponsors that
used to really be great i wonder if they still are are they are they have there's one on 46 and sterling
and there's one on Johnson and 441 but they deliver there's one by your Johnson yeah but right by my
Johnson uh huh did you know my Johnson i sure did oh this is good yeah so good luck here and thank you
so much bar are we excited and ecstatic and sudgius walked in here and looked around and this is
incredible i'm happy you're up here and out of date hell yeah i'm gonna add at least 20 30 minutes
to my life exactly at least 40 minutes to my day every day have a great day but you live right up
here no right don't you live in barrow county sure yeah all right in the acres oh well i live in the
acres man plantation acres i live with the possums and the goyam up there in the acres well right
over here by deli then you'll be by old but you so you'll be at home okay okay take care
zai kazun good luck see ya bye it's a matter of fact i live in out there the acres this morning i
was going to get up at about 10 minutes to seven to be exact and in about 18 minutes to seven which
is about eight minutes and not a big deal my doorbell rang 18 minutes to seven my doorbell rang see
my my corner out there is where the kids hang out to go to school and the high school kids the older
ones i guess the older they are the dumber they get they go like real early and i look out
there there's this a big skinny kids standing in the middle of street looking and obviously he's the
one that rang the bell and i just kind of sauntered out there as i thrown my clothes on real quickly
and i got my newspaper and gave my dirty look and walk back inside and so tomorrow or in future days
if he decides he'd like to you know coming in early in the morning and bring the doorbell i might
just have a little surprise for him i might just do a little number on the belly you know what i'm
saying or something else but hey that's the way it goes out in the acres boy they got a real good
sense of humor they're good old bunch of guys here's a deer field hello
what's going on now yes sir first let me say what a juggernaut is that the 24 hour sports station
does that qualify guy you can even speak hockey too right um but they got smith he knows peter and
zedzel i'm getting them in a second uh i say i want to not keep it 22 years and without a doubt
that is the worst trio of hockey announces in sports in hockey and maybe in sports they're worse than
quarter and jay Randolph last night you would never hear someone like jay jandayvits
and zed something like pavent said at the end of the game the referee goes over the rangers
out that out that exit and he goes he's probably going back to the hotel with him on the same bus
just totally unprofessional who said that Denise yeah Denise and uh we're rumors no better
he's he's a homerole so oh what he's a what he's a homerole yeah but i mean your pavent
at this grace i mean you got a good hockey team here but you got i hate what's wrong with being a
homerole tell me that jd don't show for the rangers come on let's get serious now he wouldn't have
the come on huh he wouldn't have the job for fox if he did oh come on he does not not well not
when he's doing the red the fox games but during the msg telecast come on very very very
hard on the rangers he you know he's he's very down on him right now he you know he's a realist
he's not like these you know rumor who think you know just whines about everything you know
everything's an anti you know you know anti rangers plan i mean the hit let the other day on
half i mean he made it out to be murder i mean the guy has to protect himself along the boards too
yeah i mean he took the hit msg hit him and uh he didn't kill him he could have drove me war
it was a very ugly and very nasty and potentially a very potentially huh to compare it to
clone when he was crazy what when you did it not he hit him from behind and the guy got up he didn't
protect himself and even here you even heard the coach say it's almost like uh well i disagree
with the and obviously the league did two and for them to give msg a two games i mean the league is
very as you know very leery of giving the superstars any suspensions at all and to give him two games
brine berk must have thought it was pretty damn bad it was suspended hitting hitting from behind as
you know if you're a real hockey fan and you are hitting from behind is unacceptable it is but
it's also the place responsibility as far as you leave it well well to a point but i mean you know
you can only uh you know you don't have eyes in the back of your head and i realized
how new he was coming which is what saved him on that play but there was also the chance he
didn't know okay and if he wouldn't have known he could have been writing chris draper's shoes
skates well i i mean i think msg would go for his throw like you know let me know did but uh
i don't know and i think i think you're jumping the gun a little bit too quick on the rain is
you know knocking down grepski he's definitely not the same player he was but the guy listen
you talk about people who are realists i admit i confessed that i hate wane grepski i hate him like
poison i was screaming about the game last night every time he made a bad pass i was yelling but the fact
is i'm telling you very realistically as a guy who watches a lot of hockey i got two satellite
dishes i watch more games in one year than most people see in a lifetime wane grepski i don't think
is going to be any great shakes for the rangers and they're going to rule the day that they got him
well i i you know you might be right there but let's look what you do let's show you have 102
points this year with a bunch of stiff out now like a king that was folding he was he was almost
single-handedly responsible for dismantling the kings he's the one that forced into trade away coffee
and to trade away a robot high and make all the deals that they did because he doesn't and also
it's going to be very interesting to see how he and robot i get along on the rangers because they
hate each other like poison that's true i mean he's a disruptive force you know when you're paying
somebody that much money who's at toward the end of the line and he comes in and gets it disrupts
the chemistry of the team it's not a good deal i'm telling you you want you mark my words
you notice robot i was benched last night in the third period i would hold i was hoping it would
and he was benched yep i you know i don't know what that's all about because he was the most
dangerous guy they had on the ice the first two periods and i said to john on a way home i
said i never saw robot time the third period they benched him yep well let's look at his
contract he makes six point two million dollars a year right look look at the time goal on the ice
who was on the ice covala grace central he wasn't one of the he wasn't one of the six players on
you just got through saying they didn't play the third period so i can even one of the players on
the ice that's what i'm just saying you know there's there's your big superstar twenty two million
dollars yeah well i mean like i said it's going to be a long uh disruptive year in new york because
there he knows that they don't want them there that uh they don't they feel like you do
and he's not going to play well he knows greetski hates him i'm just telling you you know you
want to be a realist just to get used to it i wouldn't mind getting rid of him but you know you
know you look at this team they had nine guys in the world cup so they've only had one preceasing
together you know they so they have they need to yeah they got a lot of great talent on the team but
they had the same a lot most of the same talent last year and he still uh they got problems believe
me just a lot of great individuals doesn't make a great team oh well now that you're right all right
no i thought good luck to pal okay don't need it we have an open line and brow it at seven six seven
w i d seven six seven nine four six three you look at the panthers we know other than the b-ser we don't
have any super super star mean right shepherd of course is a fifty goal score but you wouldn't put
him in a same league with a messier or greetski or guys like that uh but you know you know you
well you know great teams don't necessarily have super super stars on them to be that is in may
here's uh hollywood hello hello yes sir uncle nil yes i am welcome to hollywood i'm the tick-tack man
and i know all the restaurants right by you because i lived there for 18 years okay and all the great
restaurants in the shopping center right west of you is floris wands and vitos and then
and on the other side on uh sterling road you have deli den and desalvo right and if you go up
to grip and road you have a place called hot diggy dog and vincennes on the water hot diggy dog
that's a weenie place yeah great chicago or uh subratt great yeah we can do the addkins and get our
out the bun if i get your juice number off the phone or your number off the phone or have all these
places in you some food outstanding okay you're on hold immediately okay thanks a lot pal okay
line six okay or whatever line it is uh yeah line six George there is the food man i told you we
get it all hooked up into people out there's all the money he makes and he keeps snoring for free food
on the air it's so disgusting yeah you're just jealous is what you are i got my two nice
addkins cheesecakes from Lorenzo's right here on the floor with all my uh uh party favors and
blow horns and blowhards and all the other good stuff all right there you go even he's all psych
so what's the deal tonight defo is going to be coming in here that should be pretty exciting i
think defo can probably turn on a microphone i think defo can probably come in here and sit in front
of the uh thing is that thing hooked up at all George or is that unplugged what that mic the one
you pulled it should but what what numbers it on how can it be plugged in can't be plugged in i had
i you're asking me yeah but this is mic number one wouldn't that also be mic number one excuse us
for our technical conversation folks and by the way bob greens and asshole see i'm not i'm not
gonna unleash it all in the first day because i want to keep them under toes day by day i'm going to
like has different things come back to my mind like the story about the first and the second vagus
trips and various other in the sort of sundry like don't bother coming into work tomorrow because you
didn't play a few promos i've got stories about bob green and about bob niel and about that whole
thing about the way they blew her an area out they didn't even let them come back and say goodbye in
the year after seventeen years the way they signed a new contract for another year and then like
about a month later just a matter of weeks later they blew them out of there and then had to pay
them off for a year that's good business but i wonder why they couldn't make any money with this
station huh sign them up for another year and then oh by the way mic uh don't bother coming to work
anymore we'll send you a check in the mail but nice knowing you thanks for the seventeen years up
you're asked that's the cox people baby and see in their own mind i'm sure because because
anytime there's a disagreement both parties always rationalize and justify both parties always
believe they're right anytime there's an argument a disagreement a whatever all depending on
their perspective so i'm sure in their minds they think that they were great to everybody but it's
just it's just such a strange coincidence that virtually everybody everybody over the last
goddard he knows how many years whose work for that joint uh was no good
everybody wasn't good enough for them and sooner or later in one form or another everybody got it
up the rectum and whether they liked it or not so that's the uh old cox way which i think there's
a really interesting fordian uh significance that a whole deal but you finger it out here's
plan so you got some stuff there that guy's gonna get you all hooked up he's gonna do what he can
uh hold your breath what do you mean what do you mean by that you don't believe that tomorrow we're
gonna have a feast in here the uh oh about today hey i'm going to my mother's and i got two
applicants cheesecakes you're a minister you're a minister you guys though you don't see you don't
understand they don't want to send the food unless they know i'm going to eat it but what time
is your show on they don't care about your puny little off my comments in there with your little
plugs if Neil gets on says oh man this is great even if it blows you know if i all then they send
the free food you got to figure out how to do it there you go okay let's uh kill ourselves let's
do plantation hello hey i'm not going to get chronic on you but i had to call back because that guy
said robot back yeah i called earlier but that guy just called said robot i was benched but he was
injured in the third period yeah he played great this guy says he's been watching hockey for 22
look robot i was the most dangerous player on the ice for either team in the first two periods
he came real close to score on a couple of goals he was he was playing great well they got a
laceration above his right ankle when he collided with screw them and somebody else by the bench
about 11 minutes left in the third he cut his uh because i i commented we were driving home and i
said to my friend john i said you know i wonder what happened with robot because he was he was
scared and they held on me all night he was playing great yeah i came home and watch and this guy says
they benched him this typical ranger fan man he talks about dealing with reality
see what i'm talking about wannabe yeah i came home and watch it on rewind and if he was educated and
he would watch john davidson on the rewind broadcast 11 30 he would have seen all that
there you go that's all i rest my case bye bye and needle nose is still an asshole
thanks for the info pal see there you go we got the good stuff we got the people you can't
fool this audience because the hockey people are the neo-rodgers people whether you like it or not
over there at q a m oh and by the way jeff moss has a message too
jeff moss has a message for some of the people in the panther organization
which i don't want to mention any names but jeff moss says he'd rather be a uh what do you say
something than an ass liquor i forget what the first part was how do you like that
oh you know what i should have played i should have played where the hell is it
should have played this he's a man we have a mic and he loves a good fight
got his own said the words and they come out this right he's a hot demon seen coach to coach
and if you don't go and corner he hates you the most great i'll tell you something right now uh
scripture
i play the minor leagues i coach the Boston Bruins if you're asking me i think the games in ruins
guys don't fight they don't back check it's like watching the Nordic South air in quibak
crack now let me tell you something right now because uh
great job
he got a six inch collar he's no cream pub like the shout and how the when he sees rough stuff
some say he's nasty saying he shouldn't be hurt when it comes to hockey he gets the last word
great i'm gonna tell you something and it's the guides on his truth great job i'll tell you some
bond hell i'm in word trap i've ever seen great job europe it's a nice place to visit but just
stop sending us hockey players all right great i just joy coach there he'll drop him with just
about anyone great job holy guys you don't like fighting or you press tight so i'll tell you that
right now great okay it's 115 at wwd their team at wwd hi there how you doing what's going on
it got something for us like uh money bring us a bag of money we're very friendly when you got
money here's uh miramar hello miramar gone ask grew them in miramar okay you know they're here
they're they're all over the place here's pepper pines hello Neil yes sir welcome to brower thank
you so much i had to call you i had to wish you a welcome and we're glad you're here yeah
yeah you sound very Jewish to me you know i'll meet you over telly dad okay listen i got a little
song for you yeah okay okay but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but
but he said he needs some more religious faction then he's gone between religion and making money
religion and money
body but
tax
huh
body but
tax
huh
body but
tax
huh
huh
there it is
oh beautiful i love it you got it Neil have a season whatever we're celebrating
what's that i have a great pastrami sandwich thank you so much for
i really do that was beautiful two over lines and date which really pisses me off i'll tell you
that right now there are no diet sodas so how about a nice glass of ice water
from the cooler
did i just hear you say i'm sure that my hearing must be going i hear you say there are no
diet sodas is that what you said yes there are no
fucking diet sodas
well i really frosted my fat ass i'll tell you that right now huh diet seven up which is what i'm
drinking yeah that's what i asked for diet seven out of thank you that's what he just stuck his
Jewish head in the door said what do you want i said diet seven up if there are no diet
sodas how can there be diet seven up mr what language you be spicking huh hey that was your
Jewish friend adam that came in here and said that we didn't never give a man's job to an infant okay
but he's we're probably all crumbling out of that great news he just told us a moment or two ago
that was party time all right sports fans i have no life no that's not the one all right there we go
all right all right all right all right all right all right all man can you do stuff with this thing
yeah all right all right i have no life i have no life i have no life i have no life all right
i told you we got some see i'm not gonna crack out the good stuff on the first day i'm just get used
used to the surroundings now getting my ass comfortable in this chair but you just wait till we
start doing some heavy duty crap yes sir so how's about a diet seven up adam and thank you so
much for making my life beautiful what was the problem with that what was that such a complicated
transaction a diet soda can i ask you a question not being from New York which you aren't either
but you think you are diet soda can be like diet any flavor can't it is this look at this can
look at this fat can okay did you say that no and diet seven up since that's the only one
of machine you're getting a good education adam and wait till this afternoon you're gonna really
learn a lot in case you haven't already learned it here's hollywood hello hollywood going once what is it
if i would what is it is hollywood on three are we all losing our minds George because i get the
feeling i get the feeling now i'm on autopilot okay looks like three to me they're just not answering
we have this all new equipment same old asshole callers i don't i don't agree with you i think
there's a problem there trust me we have two open lines are both in date six two two two
w i would be six two two nine four six three do we by the way speaking of that
well there's somebody on there there's somebody on that baby okay six uh two two nine four six three
in date here's a tamarack hello meo yes sir i uh thought that uh you know uh what's his name
needle notes last night i don't think he was a factor at all for them at all i don't very
minimal like i said i'll give him the benefit of the doubt he made a couple of lovely little passes
he was a little dangerous around that he had a couple of scoring chances he got the second assist
on a time goal which is no big deal and uh that's it he uh he wasn't a major factor you're right we
handled him very well listen i i used to be and i'll say that i have to say that used to be in
islander famb when i was a kid when they were like in the uh in the uh dynasty right four cups
in the denies pop band days yeah yeah and the denies pop and until until of course needle notes and
his friend messier knocked us off and then of course i i got out of the love of hockey after that
because i was so upset yeah but uh i don't know he looks so old he really he looks like he's really
on it i don't know he doesn't look so old he is old he is old that's true and all these people
like he's trying to you know recreate the great glory days from the Edmonton oilers you know
it would be like saying hey the leesa really got a bad the problem which they do let's bring back
johnny bower and bob pullford and george armstrong and runny ellos and suit all those guys up and
relive the great uh punch him like days you know it's gone you can't get bring it back they tried
to do the same thing in the world cup with team can it look what happened no that most of the guys
i don't know i mean we had such a younger team than they did i don't i mean we we deserved to win
that i mean the world cup i thought that was a great game yeah but thanks anyway okay pal what do you
say we have an open line and broward at i don't know what he just said nine five four seven six seven
w i o d seven six seven nine four six three fat riches here with my pop it up our crap
which i will not be there tonight no no we got hours and hours of work i'm going to be in here
working feverishly and frantically we got all this stuff we got to load into these things into our
audio vault and our mini discs and all our other uh contraptions that we got here like these which
are fantastic these uh it's just amazing this is space aid so we'll have to put a hold on a track you
go out there win two three million and uh next week i'll be out there on Monday but there's good
news tonight as hb used to say do you watch the game last night pretty intense very intense it was
great being air and it was uh hell of a night anyway let's uh do something hope that they're on
here's the lady and broward hello the last number the number you call this is he but should it
become available is that incredible or what some miserable bitch and broward has got the phone off
the hook probably your a pacemaker just craped out maybe she uh her a philosophy bag overflow
could that be it unfreeking believable open line in the uh no we don't we're like smoking now let's
just plot right along here's uh whatever that is here's line five hello yeah sir how you doing great
listen man i work at uh miss chef at florida Italian restaurant here here we go George here you go
a doubting Thomas we got in there yes right down the street you want some good Italian food you
call over there i go in there usually about one to a clock right but we deliver from 11 30 to 230
right down the street that would be sensational we'll call you tomorrow around noon time and then we
can get it over here at two we're gonna go right now you want it hang on a second George will give you
all the info all right appreciate it all right hang on line five take care of our pies on over there
will you see i told you oh gee you're not gonna get nothing over here just relax okay give this
slob sitting here in this chair meeting me give me 24 hours i'll get you food right up the old
all right up the old rectum's while my fingers a little short today okay
anyway it's 127 things are starting to fit right into place we feel now like we've been here for
a long time comfortable sit back in the chair we climb relax take it easy kick your shoes off
unless the Roy sees it one moment please oops
talk it in her statement please you can't replace it with a
George did not get okay that was George that done it
cracking out of the pressure i can feel it here i can smell it
i pooped my pants just took out the best of hustler and i'm starting to feel the heat
but suddenly i see people checking out my buttons i see yeah i got a first class
riser it done pitched to 10 my jeans now i'm sporting a wordy i'm finding it impossible to
conceal i'm sporting a wordy i feel like an absolute out of will
so the ghost of the this he was part one too
followed him up to the gates of basement just to see what he would do
so
ghost the face would be there as he headed for his room there's a prison of ghosts just waiting for his
post down in the jungle room we're sporting what is a man best it's really impossible to conceal
sporting what is a man best i feel like an actual real out of will sporting what is a man best
new good
oh my god
133 at w-w-w-w-w-w-w we're getting the hang of it now baby we got everything down we got the
food all set up for tomorrow we got uh we're ready we're uh into it now we've been just
thinking it for the last few hours because you have noticed 133 at w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-d here's a lady
in broward hello hello yes ma'am nio yes i am oh good uh i just want to wish you the best i wish
your love and luck congratulations thank you so much and um we all love you and i want to tell you
in my i'm living hollywood and all the ladies in my building listen to you in hollywood
and hollywood and they don't call but they love you believe me really yes and and i want to tell you
about another guarantee my mother's listening right now and i and the your mother and she's
going to be a get that stopwatch out to see how long before i leave here and get my answer over there
i guarantee you that get your ass because she's a wonderful mother and she's got a wonderful son
love you dearly and a wonderful cook of course do you have that for sure important part
right good and i know how you like to eat yeah i sure do i listen and listen and um i'm not into
sports as much as i used to be but i was and i enjoyed that too and i want to tell you about two
jays restaurant okay on charaden do you ever hear of it we had about eighty five calls on it today
two two jays two jays two jays right well hi i was in and out okay i'll bet just i wish
yeah yeah like i said once once once once it was enough
uh run none of not enough you want to get dirty no i don't moving right along okay good luck
thanks a lot sweetheart talk to you go you were just going to tell me about two jays two
uh come on i did two jays it's a very good restaurant they stood there originally from Palm Beach
yeah and they're on charaden and they hit the deli there in fact there we're we're deli den used to
be right and um it's excellent they have the best rye bread in the world there is no rye bread
and there you talked to anybody that knows two jays there is no rye bread okay like what they have
i'm on my way good thanks a lot sweetheart thank you zygazone you two okay we have an open line
and proud for the goiabnet means uh hanging there seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w i d toll free on that green line not too much on the green lines today is usual why do we expect
them to get all excited about us that's only us one eight eight eight nine four nine w i o d and
eight eight eight is the new because i guess they ran out of eight hundred numbers or something like
that so that's our new toll free deal is eight eight eight which i don't like saying to be honest with
you as in we just got through uh we eight eight eight and speaking of that another thing that uh
i just found the other night that you won't even believe when you start hearing this you won't believe it
if you'd like to need one now no line no line
we like to bring up a bitches
you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, glaube, look,inda on the
I love a guy that means business. He said I'm here to win and all you losers get on the bus and leave it to us. Yeah, I'm
They're flipping through the FM channels today. Yeah, and I hear I come across some guy
You're flipping it, huh? It's not 99 jamps an FM station. He'd be jamming it. Yeah, and then the guy there's ripping Jimmy on
Sayin' how he got rid of
Acquins because there wasn't Acquins fought, you know, and I didn't know Jimmy was on the Acquins
But he's your kid looks to me like he could use it. You know what I'm saying?
He could use it. Jimmy's a good, I mean that James a good personal friend of his and that he saw
He feels bad that Jimmy let him go that he was a good safety and a
He's stuck that joint out. Okay, there's no space. He couldn't have played on a girls team
Exactly. There's no space for what's he gonna do if he doesn't play safe to why he can't do nothing on special team?
Exactly. I mean in Keith's well, I you know, that's like when I try to make Keith buyers into a ride receiver
It's like trying to make a chicken sandwich into a sirloin steak, you know, it just don't happen. Yeah, doesn't work
Can I get a shame this request? Uh-oh, I think we're gonna have to fry this guy. What is it?
The old JN1
The one you got about old JN uh, which one? I don't know it's a it's a low with the beetles old beat. Oh
First thing tomorrow. All right. It'll be it'll be in there have a nice and buddy and back to you pal
Okay, there's a good Julio for there. It's the good Julio's is opposed to the evil Julio's oh
man
Practice makes perfect. That's what I've always said. That's my
Policy and philosophy. This way till Rick Riley sits down in here. Boy, that's really gonna be special
We have an open line in day 622 W I OD 622 W I
And one on your green line. We don't want to I'm gonna suggest they take the green lines out, you know
Until until Ryan and Ron get here. It's kind of it's heartbreaking. It's aggravating
It just tears your kishkis out
Here's a call from homestead hello. I am ill sir down here now. I'm sad all right
Hey listen up there goalie last night played out his ass
Glenn Healey was phenomenal last night as much as we're pissed off about it because we had about 85 breakaways
We should add a lot of goals. He played fantastic and we give credit where credit is due Glenn Healey was God last night
I don't like the Rangers, but I have to admire what he did and he's the backup is the is their primary any better than
Brackham. Yeah, he's the backup. Wow
Anyways, Vegas, but let me say this he would be the starter on a lot of other teams. Glenn Healey's he's been around
He's a good guy. Yeah, it was incredible. I just got back in Vegas. Everybody say about it is true, but but there is a
Sea of blue hair out there
Village look like a kindergarten really oh my goodness and kids my little kids, you know those crumb snatchers
Yeah, well that's because they got all the
Got all the amusement park. Well, they got they getting everybody out there now. They want everyone and they're getting them
Yeah, if you want Disney World, go to Disney World leave your kids at home
Yeah, right or put a stick him in the nursery at DMG. I'm grand. They've got a nursery there
Oh my god. Is it was but it was or or I got a better idea stick him in the desert and they'll give him a map
That would be good. That would be cool anyways
Have a license plate on his car that says fat red. Yes, he most certainly does
He about ran me off the road the other night
That's that's rich like a
Mini-air you got him. That's the guy. That's richy
Okay pal, good luck to you. That's the fat man. You better get out of his way when he starts motoring along trust me when I tell you that one
He isn't a big hurry, especially if he's on a way to that big circular thing up there called the track
We have an open line on a purple line pound IOD so we got we get everything based on the rumors and reports out there
Is everything now straightened out? I mean I always like being to get a pig
I like to want to be coming in all inaugurating the new stuff and the thing we did over in Tampa for a week
It's always coming in and making the announcement on the air the stations been sold
I'm always the guy that they had all the good crap to so was everything okay now everything out of control everything a okay
Now listening to a word that I'm saying okay. I got the intercom for the back door over here, okay?
on what?
In the room here. Yeah, and I'm talking to somebody who's at the back door is it no idea
But I'm sure I should talk to them. Is it food?
Don't panic ma here here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir
And back to you let me tell you something about a year and a half ago
I'm out taking a walk and I got you on the walk man
Yeah, and back then you were talking about a we're gonna move to Broward in this and that and oh
That was the Cox people were threatening the move is to Broward right and look what happens?
Are you on your brand new studios? That's right?
We couldn't wait for them so we had a call on buddy, but I said please get us out of here and move us to a real place
Hey tell you what since since the Harold hockey section sucks and their NF and their NHL preview thing was pretty horrible
Yeah, well, you know about this new guy from the black hawks morrow
Haven't seen him. Yeah, I say he did score a nice goal
I saw the replaying at the first game black hawks for some reason they're hot even without Jeremy Redneck
Well, they signed out him creating so that's that's not gonna put him over the top
But they they they're off to a good start
Could be a little help at the center though, but he scored a nice goal and at what what the hell was I think they're second game
Five to two over the hell they beat up on oh, they beat the was it the blues?
Well, they beat the capitals first game, but the second game now's the second game
They beat the snot out of somebody. They're off to a damn good start. I guess it was a blues. Yeah
Neal in closing. Yes, sir. I don't know if you have it up in the machine
But since the Holy Father's in the hospital. Do you have the Pope's most of that?
Do we have the Pope?
George first thing tomorrow like I said
Do we have the Pope have a great day pal? We're gonna let me right great to hear you on the new stage
Thanks a lot. What is it? Are we going to electrocute these people?
They're being very inconsiderate you know, he said if he's being nice about it
He wasn't pushy. He didn't say play it now or your mom
Did you understand something huh?
Or maybe he asked for your mama. What is it did he offer to bring you something?
He said he might show up, okay, and he also smelled over the phone. I could tell he smelled like at least partially circumcised George
So there smarty pants. So who is it to back door anybody? We know or want the food or something huh? No just some degenerate
Okay, just your ordinary pedestrian axe murder where she used to that we got a lot of good training on that
So that don't bother us one forty three at W. I. O. D. La Rue
Talking entertainment radio
Six ten W. I. O. D.
We're number one
Dammit
Oh
Boy in the squad of back it's lonely
He likes receivers better why
Some people say that number eight is gay
They say Troy loves the big brown eye
A. C. Man
He goes down on his knees
Eggman
It's guys he likes to please
Eggman
He loves to snap cowboys on their behind
He's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
What is Troy gay? I've heard some people say
In the heart will he goes down
Eggman
He goes down on his knees Eggman
I can't some balls to squeeze Eggman
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind
Okay, 148 to W. I. Let me ask you this question by the way
This is something I should have talked about back in the beginning
But I'm personally so overwhelmed by the fact that everybody here is so helpful and cooperative and nice to us at least on the first day anyway
And just the packs and people are the good people the fat people are the dead people and the
Paxen people are the good people and the Cox people mostly suck but anyway, so leaving the building yesterday
Now I don't know about you
But when I walked out of there at two o'clock
I anticipated that perhaps since we were pretty sure that we were not going to be coming back
That there might be one or two people waiting to say goodbye
Do you know what I'm saying? There were there were sorry they missed you
Like I would have gone up and said goodbye to Mabel in person
But I can do that when I go to the doctor
I can go and say goodbye to Mabel without going through those doors
You know what I'm saying and I didn't really want to go up in that part of the building myself
You follow what I'm saying
Because I have a feeling that people are waiting to see if I would venture myself up there
Which why should I do that and be insincere now who are these people that you're speaking of who we're starting long list
such as
Such as Mabel
Well, I said nice things if I love Mabel. I'll say goodbye to Mabel. You know traffic and continuity department
Yeah, Sharon and Steffi in a net right
Yeah, and a host of others that I'm sure I'll get in trouble for forgetting
But what about like in that other place up there through the front
Kind of like close to where Mabel sits hot 105 no close
Get warmer now
So thanks to I see you're such a piece of crap George
You didn't think I'd come through for you. I'm not even eaten here today
I'm going to my mother's for lunch because it's Wednesday and she's right up the street
And I want to thank Vito's
You're you just you know I come in here. I'm old. I'm senile
I'm like fumbling around like it'll and I'm still managed to get through this like a champion
I got stuff here. I don't even know what the hell it's all about and I'm doing just fine
In fact, I'm doing better than some others. Not I don't want to rub it in
Yeah, exactly right
And he's right you're not going to get no food in here for us. Yeah, well here's Vito's at 3373
Sheridan Street in Hollywood Vito's sub shop in pizza delivery
Smells great, too. It smells great. What do they bring you mr. Smarty's pick a pizza and a bag of subs
Well, how do you like that?
How do you like that something to tidy over until we have a real big feast in here tomorrow at two
And what we're going to be doing to keep everybody happy including Roy who's been very nice to us
We don't want to get him bent out of shape, which I don't think would take too much
Uh
We don't want to press him too far so to speak exactly, but um
We'll have we'll have him bring stuff in around a little before two and then we'll have our little thing out there
It'll be a beautiful thing. It'll be great
Okay, here's Miami Beach. Hello
You know
Miami Beach
Yes, sir
That's the luck when you knew endeavor. Thank you so much.
Kelly Cole and the Kangette gamblers. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the easy go. We're taped and
Oh, we came through for you, huh? Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. You're the greatest. I am you are
I'm going to miss you about one question. Can I get you on uh CB radio up north like a
CB radio on a police band or something
I'll be on a police band. Yeah, no, I mean them then then and radios they got my kids got one sure wave
Yeah, can I get you on it? No, no, no
How come back up like a California on a radio? Do your kids have a computer? No, um
Well, my kids are grown up now, but uh, he's got a radio like a California. I get Chicago. I get Detroit
Why can't I get Florida beats a hell out of me who the hell wants Florida? Well, I want to hear you. I know. All right
Where you going you're going to New York. I told them one Atlantic City. I'm a gambler. I'll get out of here
It's that guy again. Why did you put him on the air? Oh no
Here's a Hollywood hello
Hollywood
Going once going twice here's a pop it oh hello
Pop it oh
You know something there's got to be something wrong with this phone. Okay, there must be assholes
Hello
Hello
Speak to me
See this guy can't hear me
That's his problem
Hello hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. Welcome to Hollywood. See and no, wait a minute. That's my old fault
Why is that I had the phone laying down is the is the level real low on the phone when you're at home?
Yeah, it's not like I've learned so no, George is giving me like a sign like your number one. Let me just say this okay
He sounds a little snooty today
He's noody in there because he's having technical problems and he's old fossil in here
I'm holding my own pretty good, but I got a lot of experience. Yeah, I'm holding it. Yeah
Welcome to Hollywood anyway. I knew you'd get some calls on the food so I didn't even bother right sounds like
We're back to the wonderful old days of radio for you right. It sounds great. It's gonna be dynamite
We'll get the cards all rolling. We're all sit back and listen and
Something like that and now you know something now the real work starts because this is a massive project
We've had no leadership whatsoever
I don't want to mention from programming, but it's kind of been like a do-it-yourself project
And now that we're finally in here now it's gonna be like day after day and night after night
We got you know we got eight million bits of stuff that we got a stick in here now
Well stick it in so that that's the point now where it comes to fun part now. We're gonna stick it in
Thanks a lot pal in clothing
Yes, uh love it. See ya
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, he's crumbling at the seams. It sounded like to me
Unbelievable. Oh my god right
Here's a bell harbor. Hello. Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? How you doing?
Can barely hear you when you're on hold. I know that's that's part of the problem is that uh, we'll get that cranked up
A male member. You make a note on that George
level on hold. It's not a major deal. They can do it. Yes, sir
Remember when you should come on a rick and fudge showing hour early
