U-I-O-D playing tapes of Neil Rogers because GAS didn't make it
Hi, I'm Erin Somers, you know what you got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone I got you down
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me when it's all about I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I
Tell you once more before I hang up the phone I got you down
I got you there
I got you there
I got you down
I got you down
Here on this show there's a new topic each night
Who do you have sex with with a black or something white I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone I got you down
30 on it
Here's Miami on one hello, hello, Neil. Yes, sir
He was talking about something you read in a paper and I'm surprised that you don't know about it's called the person partial worth abortion
Bill, it's already I do know what do you mean you're surprised?
I don't know about it. Don't you think I read the paper and watch the news?
I saw the big thing on I just mentioned the thing
I said you never can't you believe what you're hearing all this stuff. I mean you'd I thought you would have said
Yeah, sure I've heard about it. That's what it is. Yeah, so what about it is true. I just want to hear is I'm just telling it's part of the liberal agenda to keep it quiet
Part of the liberal agenda here. We go another rush limbaugh asked
What's the liberal what's the liberal agenda you want to tell me what that is?
I'm just 50 50 and I'm just one down. What do you mean you're 50 50 half man and half woman?
What are you? Her appetite? I take back well go after yourself. Okay?
The ought to be able to do it. He's 50 50. He said he's got one of these and one of those and one of them and one of these is half and half
Right another one of these right till I go save somebody that's out there getting murdered right now
And stop with the fetus crap already will you my god these people that get all hung up because they get brainwashed and brainwashed
Do you see how this works?
Everybody who's for abortion was at one time themselves at PC
Yeah, I rest my case and by the way all those guys in Arizona they arrested this morning all those people that were gonna blow up all those federal buildings
Seems to me that those were part of the liberal agenda where they there were a bunch of skinhead right wing lunatics
Okay, those are the people that you got to look out for is those crazy right wingers the liberals
They're basically impotent and having a good time. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, sir. I doubt it
But I'll give it a shot. I'll make it up and I
Bore you just call themselves pro-life right now
Those they both pro-life are typically anti gun control right now
But you're missing you're missing the point they only care about
Nebulous life that is doesn't exist yet. They only care about the fetus. Why don't you run the will man you run you're on
They don't care about this your kids will kill the pizza. Yes
No, no, they don't care about the little girl. I got shot by daddy's gun while he was diddling with it in the bathroom
Now they've had a certain pause for
Right there you go
Because the Lord told them to there another bunch of sick religious fanatic nuts well there everywhere brainwash man
Did you say the article I travel all over the world? I got news for it. There's very there are no civilized countries
I mean we got the stone age countries, but there are no civilized countries where the religion is to take it over and
Are as in much of control as what goes on as they are here?
This is one of the most intolerant countries anywhere in the world
I think religion in the damn pilgrims are rolling in their graves from what's going on here?
Look at how liberal they were
themselves the letter to the editor from the you're on law professor about the play case. No
Basically that's not show judge people did the right thing under the law. Oh, yeah, wait
Get better, but ultimately trying place will have to judge in the court of God's bar. Oh, here we go
That's right. Let's wait for God to do it
So let's all let all the people out there the murderers and the manslaughter guys
Let's let them all just out there to play football and make millions of dollars because God eventually will take care of that
That's that's great. Yeah, so if we could only bring Hitler back to life
We could let him wander around out there to and wait to meet his maker
Jerry, you know, we're gonna go to Monticello and meet Marvin maker. Okay. Bye. Bye. Have a great life. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Hey, I was going to okay. Hey, I was calling on on the topic of religion. Yeah
I've literally for a few years and I called the call the several times of the past two three years and I graduated from a Catholic high school
Uh-huh, and I was reading this a spin article by a by a writer who was off from freelance work for a for the times and just a
In staff writer and it deals essentially with the
Solopid priest and the plunge of you on it by the rule two
God
I always want to say I had quite a view of follow-all two of that my school although they never came on actually assaulted you
I mean just from you know the lists and the touch on the shoulders and these were actually teachers
Yes, but I run it for the first time I ever listened to you with that uh was in high school. Mm-hmm. I had actual normal teachers and uh
I'm pretty normal as a normal who are impressed who are you know into little boys if you are at that time
You know 14 to the age of 18 and uh
As you're normal teachers and I was the first time I listened to you and just to get you a few quotes
She actually she spoke she went to the valigan spoke to a several leading scholars and montiniers about
About celibacy and priests and black up it and just read a couple quotes
It said two percent of Catholic priests went to perpetual celibacy achieve it and anywhere from 30 you know
60% are gay now very very conservative estimate. Yeah, no, I'd say 60 to 90 percent. Yeah
It's it's not like you know an exact science. This is based upon their opinion. Yeah
And she says more than a thousand resigned every year to get married
And on the topic of Italy since it's like you're adopted home
One of them on seniors that she is she quotes several people in the actual article
So one of them on seniors says that uh the Italian diastis has a fun to support priests illiterate children
How do you like that? Yeah. Yeah quite interesting quite interesting
Fantastic goes to show you man at the church that the Catholic church. They we need got their head on straight
They got their beanie on straight. They definitely got the head on. Yeah
Somebody said yeah and in closing, I'd like to say uh
James Retardo you're a douchebag. Okay pal. Okay. I'll stick here. Me just
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best now
This great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best
Step into the confession or Billy. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week
Aw Billy. You want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking
Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private see for all the fun
Just enter the rectory from the rear. All right Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson
But father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make it annoying. Oh, it will Billy. It will
Father knows best once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter
Father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here
Ladies and gentlemen may I have your attention please
It's Father in Sunday here at the ballpark, so please let's have a round of applause for the fathers of what their young boys to the game
Father Dominic
Father O'Toole
Father Sebastian
Father Matthias
A lot of masturbation went off here's a lady in the gable. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am
This is well, I can't say my name because I don't want to football players coming in and busing down my door. I've beaten you up
Okay, as you can can guess I go to you am raw. Oh
I can't agree with you because all I have to say is you can recruit the athlete from
To inner city, but you can't take the inner city out the athlete. That's pretty much it. Is that it?
That's it. Well, how come we can't get some athletes who have a brain, you know
It's too hard to balance. Oh the muscle and the brain
Yeah, they're working on the wrong muscle. Yeah, that's true
That's what I think Michael Irving's problem was he was working too much on the wrong muscle. Oh, yeah could be
Yeah, okay. Good luck sweetheart. I think you'll find. Thanks. I but like I said the American public is numb
They have been desensitized to anything no matter what it is
I mean the stories you see on the news if we saw these stories 15 20 years ago
We would have said boy that's just unbelievable now. It's just business as usual
You know guy kills the kid with the or the grandma 41-year-old grandma
Strangles the kid puts her in a freezer guys go ahead and with his a little piece in the bathroom
He's playing with his new play toy his gun and it goes off and but I think I didn't know the gun was loaded his 10-year-old kid is dead and on and on and on and on and on and on
It just the never stops. That's America for you baby and the public says hey, we can handle anything. We don't care
We're indifferent. We're actively empathetic. It's not just a Florida thing. It's an American thing
The old one in radio frequency weaponry WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale
Views talking in a tape that radio 610 WIOD it's big deal. It's big in a boat
So there's casts on the ground that I'm singing to her and then I have to do call Wilkinson who's about to sing Danny boy
Now be quiet. I'm gonna sing Danny boy. Oh
Oh
God
Problem big big problem you got so much
Those things are stop and go stop and go oh
Just stop it okay, and how about this thing with the the pizza hot shooting
Do you see that not only did the second worker die after a two-day fight for life?
It says in a headline, but the one of the one of the murderers one of these scumbags that did the shooting was
Living at their house because he had no did you you didn't see that his good friend had lived with
Preston what the hell is this guy's name Clyde Kane Preston who shot him
Had lived with Jackson his mother when he had no other place to go so as a reward he comes back and he and his
Pal partner in crime they hold up the place they shoot and kill of this guy and the other guy you talk about scumb
You talk about the trash of the earth man. This is just
But hey nobody cares about it like I said why the hell should I nobody gives a crap because human life in America
It's like stepping on a stepping on a roach after somebody else smoked it
So what can you tell you just more scum out there all over the place and that you know
I was saying to Rick on the way out which they ran out of here like I can't blame them but
That thing about people's aromas and people body odorance now if this was any place but here
But a parochial hicktown like Miami every line in the board would we have out the 40 hour conversation on that
Because it's true. It's not something I made up. It's the truth
But because most of you a big outing like if you live in South Miami a big outing is maybe up to
You know the datebroward line or if you live in like
Coral Gables a big outing is a trip to the sawgrass and that's it
That's the extent of like where most of these people have been and especially at this time of the year
Because most of the people that do get around and go somewhere guess what there wherever the hell they go
And more power to them and I wish I was there wherever the hell it is by the way the best smelling people are Colombians
Oh, man, what what does that mean? I have never smelt the whole oh
I'll tell you one thing though. You don't necessarily want to get too close
But man, especially in Medellin, but boy they sure smell good
Mm-hmm. They got that smooth silky tan that with that olive complexion
You know we get a facts here finally we got somebody out there her name is nirvana alleged
Lately probably dances up the street
It says the main reason people smell strange to each other is because it was nature's way to preserve the purity of the races
It starts in the old factory part of the nose
It starts in the old factory what can you imagine what they smell like in the old factory white people smell like wet dogs to black people
Black people smell like death to whites. It's just the way it is baby is what she say
That's the reason I would never date a black man says nirvana the smell is overwhelming the may she says
And she also goes on to say I love my Colombian boyfriend. How do you like that?
You are so right to say that they smell and taste as sweet as honey
And I eat every morsel of his white silky hard flesh. She says
Willie feels exactly willie what kind of a yeah is that wet willie feels exactly like I do about the smell of
Oh, it's he saying grájo is that what she said?
Yuck she says hi willie. I love you and I'm hungry baby and that's what she says and I'm thinking the same thing
Thanks for letting me release my true what's that around
Okay nirvana sweetheart the good stuff is starting to come in on the facts now baby
Here's one we got two pieces of crap. Here's one. It says uh
No substantial worth to moron on the year from some asshole at panasonic facts
By the way with no phone number on their thing they probably can't afford one
You ever think before you speak? I enjoyed your panthers commentary which is when I was first introduced to you
However since I found you to be a moronic butthead you ridiculed people before they speak are you afraid of a real challenge?
Yerko you know my son watches this cartoon picky in the brain
picky in the brain in one episode the brain is a comedian whose views insults
Obviously that your show is a comedy and that's yeah it ends like in mid-sentence because they couldn't afford enough paper or whatever
Unsigned of course unsigned at panasonic facts systems wherever the hell they are
See that's another one of those jackasses who thinks we're gonna sit here and talk hockey every day or talk a kaka good get lost
We don't want your type okay. We don't want your kind with no sense of humor
And yes, the answer is I don't ever think before I speak I don't get paid to think I get paid to sit here and be a jackass
And do a great job of it okay, and by the way, I just put a big big fat check into my wallet okay?
How you doing here's one from some malcontentant Carolina mountain water in the Palm Beach County no less
Where we don't get calls of course most of the time from them
But this idiot's belly-ick and then again
Signed someone with something to say who couldn't get through but don't have the balls to put a name on here
Even if I made one up
Sorry, I've been too busy to call from my perspective your ratings numbers were down for only one reason
You've always believed that chronic colors were the kiss of death for a talk show and you're right
However, there were days I couldn't listen
But it wasn't the chronic sort of hockey talk. It was to give away beggars day after day of tickets medallions hats rats shirts posters and on and on and on and on
On hello, Neon your show is great. Can I have panther tickets? Hey Neil
I'm a woman who listens. Give me the tickets. Oh, I pay it says here. Oh
I think I'd rather listen to the dentist bill carts for four hours. Oh the dentist bill card
Yeah, we got that then the fake callers from that couple of months
Please, I beg you leave the giveaways to Rick and suds and then it says
Signed someone something. Yeah, okay couldn't get through my ass man
You can get through on this station right about these days in a half a second
We have an open line right now in date county
Look at that if you cared enough to send you very best
You just don't have the balls to do it. That's all you got something important to say. Let's hear it
I agree with you about those snores out there nobody hates that worse than I do
But hey when you got a budget, huh?
Except George because then he's got to write down all the names and numbers and shoe size and breast and penis sizes
And to dress all the envelopes and put a bunch of crap in it
It's a time-consuming budget garbage and 99% of the people never even have the decency to call back and say hey
I got your crap in a mail. Thank you so much, but the 10% who do are very nice then the 10% who do we do appreciate for the other 90%
To you too, okay? There's a good intellectual comment for you who wants substance, okay?
If you want substance turn on mr. Ego
He'll give you another one of his diet tribes about how everybody who's liberal
The left of it's all of the hon should be shot immediately if not sooner because Rick citerman converted him into an immediate self-hating Nazi
Or whatever the story is over there turn on that direct for about five minutes and then you'll come you'll come racing back here like your life
Depended on it. That's how fast you'll be back
I love these people who dislike whatever it is that we're doing
But instead of just finding something else to listen to something to watch some other occupation some hobby Russian who let
Partizi whatever it is yankin themselves whatever it might be instead of doing that
They got to give us a big song of the day and take time out of their very very busy lives to let us know how upset they are
As if we really care we don't care
And right now the way things are in is to it. We especially don't care
They'd lines all open. It must be busy in dayd
Here's a hollywood hello
Yes, sir back to you. How are you great?
Did you have any idea that Jim managed with a go-ned licking queer?
And you know, as he says it real quick and he hangs up like we don't know that already
I mean what do you get so nervous about everybody knows that
It's the best of Neil Rogers
Well, all right sports fans
The rumors are still rampant at wio.d
As to who will do what shift? Yeah
We're really not at liberty to say but if you people are very perceptive you'll pick up little clues
Now here's our announcer to tell you more
And Rick and science to the 60M on news talking entertainment radio
610 wio.d
610 wio.d
It's the new Roger show on tape with all the states removed
Well, we were out on our first day
After eating at a Mexican cancass bay
Oh, we were driving in my car
Let one go that almost blew us both away
I asked her to do cut the cheese that she turned around to look at these
That girl's own parts
Girls don't part because I don't need that girl's own part but I do
The older her the
It's through my clothing in my hair
And so I rolled the windows down so I could get some air
It's felt like something died in there
Girls don't part
Girls don't part she can't tell me that girl's own part but I do
I heard another deadly squirt
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt
I turned around to get her back
With just a matter of time before another attack
So I asked if she was okay
That she looked at me
That also had the same one's girl's own part
Girls don't part because I don't need that girl's own part
But I do
Girls don't part
Girls don't part because I don't need that girl's own part but I do
But I do
But I do
How far is it out?
I don't know nobody named Kirby Brooks am I supposed to know that? Hello
I knew yeah
When radio way is time for the Kirby Brooks show
I'm W I N C radio
It's not the best KOTL but cable works overlooking this game. How are you?
Nobody at a earlier Kirby I don't know who you are
Nobody does I went up the air in 1958 like I said
Did you work with Jerry Wichner?
Nobody worked with Jerry Wichner. Yeah I did
Jerry Wichner was created in a studio
So what's the story Kirby what are you trying to make your comeback is that it?
I'm the only other live personality on the radio today besides
No you're not pre-
Live and personality I think both were stretching it in your case Kirby
The K L W
What are you doing? What station are you allegedly on?
The gate math model rose aggression
What station are you allegedly on?
Kirby what do you want?
Ask it. Yeah right
Oh my god another one of those Detroit rejects
Grashian eight and a half eight and a half mile road right
Oh man that was a good start like I told you George where a couple of real suckers
I know that opens up a lot of avenues there
That's our first call of the day that should give you a real good idea what we have left in this town
Okay real desparados. He worked. I don't never heard of no I heard a der wood Kirby
I've heard of Kirby Puckett. I heard of uh Mel Brooks and Garth Brooks
And babbling Brooks. I think that's what we just had babbling Brooks. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, yes. Hi guy. Is this a lady? It's a bear in Fort Lauderdale. I just have a low voice. Okay. It's a what?
It's a bear the AER so you have to like me. Okay bear what?
Bear right? Bear ass. Yeah the German Jew. Yeah we just have to bend over
My only thing is can we get independence day? God bless America. Let's it's over. Please. It's over. I am
Over you're bent over. I don't drop the socially. I just heard you talk to boy
Instead of somebody bends over they get more hemorrhage
I was on a whole the whole
For the last hour and a half. Yeah. How's grandma Boondon by the way? I grabbed my boon. Yeah
I you know what? I don't have a clue and I know exactly what you're talking about. Yeah
Yeah
So what are you drinking this morning? It's only not even loving a cock in a while. What is it?
Cuban coffee. Capuchino with what in it? Irish coffee. Yeah Irish coffee with lots of booze in it. Yeah
Yeah, okay. What do you want? Scruity Irish. What do you want? Let's tell you around with the German. Yeah, what do you want?
What do I want? Yeah, what did you call for? What was the purpose of your incoherent call?
Yeah
What's your name coming back? Is she going to cancel again? Then three times. What are you talking about?
Reva
Oh, in other words, you watch guiding light? Is she going to cancel again? Did you see the show yesterday? No, I mean
I heard I didn't see you heard what my radio doesn't know. I'm not talking about this. I'm talking about guiding lights
Oh, I'm a kid the only one I want to know what he asked me about riva for
Because she's coming back for another concert in in uh
Southern Bolivar
uh, with Tom
She's a mac entire. What are you some kind of a nose picker?
Is Riva gonna crap out again?
Why do we why do we give a flying crap about Riva mac entire?
Why? Why? They're probably one of those drunks that goes to the drugs. They're not true. Drunk the drug. Yeah, yeah
Advertising it. Advertising what? We know she's gonna cancel. We're not advertising anything. We don't got no spots for
No, no, no picking
It's on the what? Pick them up at ticket master or you can yeah, I think you're gonna pick it up by the
Please be nice. Okay. Well listen go have another drink wait. Yeah, I haven't had it. Give my body's up. Yeah
You know what? He'd be way. Can I buy you one? No, thanks
Yeah, okay
Okay up your nose. Not even 11 in the morning and she's already smashed out of her freaking mind
How do you like that? And she wants to know if Riva's coming back. Thank God she don't watch the guiding lighter
I'd know what's going off the year one thing we've discovered again today especially is we got more dead heads out there for a square inch
Here's Okotobi. Hello. Yeah, yeah
We're sitting here in Okotobi sir. Yeah
The people up here are very spend about what you say about what? Well, you know
I put down a lot of the other people from four pairs. Yeah, the four pairs area
Why can't they handle the truth is that they're bunch of Yahoo's that can't deal with it? Well, sir
I mean it's a lot of people up here from you know up in the south up in the south. This is all is down in the south
This is our stopping ground. Yeah, I mean this is our territory. This is where we have to ourselves. Yeah, yeah
Okay, well good stay there. He's so from entry he hands from Moaburri said
You friends and actor who comes from the UK
Choming in pleasant in a quite friendly way
A sense of humor to make someone chuckle
I so mean they cause women's needs of a goal
He was caught by cops in Hollywood
They say that he was up to no good
Been done that probably any cause the big mob when you got a hooker and got a
And get a job
In the back she went down on his
Stop broke it up. They saw her head pop when you got a hooker and got a
English don't have sex they drink too much tea
Unless you're part of the royal family
But you read not like that he's no regal snob so we got a hooker. He got a
Get a hooker and get a
In the back that you went down on his
Cop broke it up. They saw her head pop when you got a hooker
They got a
Yeah
It's the best of Neil Rogers
610 W I O D
It's the best of Neil Rogers edited from broadcast to Puritans and fools
Oh more women than ever are joining today's US Army and they're doing it for all kinds of reasons
This is for coach Barb who kept me in the big game and who kept me in the shower room after all the other girls went home
And for all the kids it's cool about a mean most likely a poor concrete
My family who used to say there wasn't anything a man could do that I couldn't do better
That's fair when it being the most of all for myself
Who's proud of the idea of living in a barracks and 50 other women just like me
If you can't be a man be the next best thing be a woman in today's US Army
Let me ask you this question if you ever wondered why most dikes are so obvious couldn't be the haircut good it
You think that's the tip off is the haircut the real real short the extra short butch haircut
Does anybody out there read this book by Vincent Boyosi?
I think it just came out in the bookstore is just a few days ago
And I'm like about halfway through it outrage
If you read one book in your lifetime if you have somebody else read it to you
Which probably will be necessary in most of your cases
This should be the one you should be racing to your bookstore right now because you know the power that I got
Even though we can't get anybody to call they're out there make no mistake about that
They were hanging on every turd and every word
They're going to be out there cleaning the shelves of the bookstores from this book
Because trust me when I tell you no matter how sick and tired you may have been in the OJ business
This has got all the stuff in it that the jury probably should have heard although it shouldn't have been that jury
And also by the way the change of venue moving the trial to downtown biggest mistake in history number one
And then number two marsher firing the consulting firm that they hired see both sides hair consultants
But chief hired a consulting firm just before they picked the jury and they had done all this study and all the
You lay to famous black man they admired
So guess what we wind up with mostly on the jury black women nice go on marsher
All right now of course we go through all of the stuff all the evidence that wasn't introduced
Including the passport in the eighty seven hundred dollars in cash that fell out of out cowling's pockets
And the disguise and the scheme asking all the other stuff which wasn't just rumor it was all in there
The only problem is nobody ever heard it because the prosecution and then so what is the prosecution get after they blow this thing
And they let a murderer walk free they get all kinds of TV and book contracts and they wind up being big celebrities
Hey congratulations on being total incompetence Chris Darden marsher Clark nice call it
There's American justice for you baby Vincent Bualio so you can pronounce it however you want
But you better damn well buy the book. Yeah, it's fellow legosi by the way you and Rick were both wrong
What are you talking about always silly's thing this morning about what the conversation about how to pronounce his name his name is
Like he says it right exactly like familia that's an Italian word you don't say familia
It was like tatalia which is really how you would pronounce you wouldn't say tatalia
Although at a couple of times during the movie because there are a bunch of
Non-Italian guys trying to pretend to be Italian because it's a movie okay, it's friction
I mean it is so clear cut and then of course for the a handful of idiots out there that keep for either ethnic
And then stuff about firm and it's pretty interesting too
Did you know he dated a Hispanic girl and then he had a black partner in the cop car for a period of time
That he got along with great and also a Hispanic female that was his partner for like by his request and they got along with them all great
The only the only ethnic minorities he despised were scumbags
What a surprise that is find in a cop that can't stand scumbags out there in the streets whether they're black or Hispanic or white or whatever
They are crap heads
But I'm not saying that he's a saint
But he sure isn't what they the picture that they painted for you out there
But hey that again is because of the great job that they did there in a prosecution
They were the best at money couldn't buy they stunk the joint out and Gilgar said he throw his ass right in here too
Because when he let him put the thing in that their downtown LA where the jury pool was bound to be overwhelming
We released very high percentage of black that was the end of it where we're just basically done right there
Here's for it here's gone here is Elton six hello. Hello. Yes, sir
I have a lot to say about the old system
It's a waste. Yes, one thing first of all let me say this about this book that's we've been expounding all morning
Yes, have you have you read it? No, I have no intention to read next one. I because for them
It's just a bunch of sensational lives of trash. How do you know that based on what I've heard this guy
So I've heard it debate
Attorney on a rather one night. What's your attorney was that?
Dersuit they are they had Alan Dershowitz. Yes. Yes, and
I was I said it just a bunch of soup the trash
When I think how do you know that if you haven't read the book well when I think of a book
I think of something that
Takes a lot of deep thought from time and research. You just don't write a book overnight
Not only would I read will not read his book. I would not read any other of anybody who's involved this block
All that is yeah, have you read the book?
Keltor Skelter which you he wrote about the his prosecution Charles Manson have you read that no? No, and I have no intention
Why is that are you also a Charles Manson defender to no? No?
Well, let me probably not because he was white is not what it's all about well
Let me say the situation I might have fascinating that a black man from Fort Pierce
Makes the ever to call all the way down here because you want to a trash
A guy that wrote a book that you didn't read because it lies in the face of the facts
Okay, well, let me let me be another old a black oj apologists. Well, let me say this like like most Jews and like most white people
You change the thing. Oh, they're guilty. Oh like most Jews. How do you know if you've done a survey of the Jews and like most black
I tend to think the man is and how do you know that most Jews think he's guilty if you've taken a survey?
Most of the one that I feel speaking up concerning this trial
Well, let me ask you something didn't you just quote to me Alan Dershowitz?
Is he Jewish? Yes. How about Robert Shapiro? Oh, you don't know what he thinks
You know, you never he waffles back and forth you know, he he depends the man
Oh, so another is he was he was he helped to get him off, but he's not the good you okay? In other words
Dershowitz is the good you well guess what there there are a lot of people that think that Dershowitz also believes that he was guilty
You sell okay, well, let me let me move on to my point. So I guess maybe you're right most of us Jews think he was guilty
Let me move on and most white people. Yeah, let me move on to my point. Had I been a Jewel
There's no way based on the way this trial was presented that old gay Simpson would that I could have found him guilty
Yeah, well, it's not interesting because that's what Vincent Bolioce says here that the the prosecution was incompetent
Yeah, but let me let me move on but you don't want to hear that right? Let me move on
You don't want to be confused you don't want to be confused with the facts. That's the problem
Okay, you haven't read the book. You're not gonna read the book because you don't want to be confused with the facts
Which he lays out very eloquently and very clearly that your opinions there. No, it's not my opinion
It's in the book. I got the books right in my hand right now in the book, too
And you have good reading for you. Yeah, let me let me say it. Good riddance to what I say good reading oh, I see
As I was saying first of all the prosecution never
Convents me yet of emotive no, no, the fact that he threatened to kill her
I didn't mean it. We don't know how many times plus the fact that he beat the crap out of her over and over again
That's not a motive of course not it is not a motive
No, and the fact that he would have an alien jealous and stalker that's not a motive of course not
It's not a motive right people do that all the time and then that's that on that people beat the crap out of their wives all the time
And never and that doesn't that says me that they killed her. Yeah, no
Are you also an apologist for that the fact that he was a wife beaters? That was that okay, too?
Based on what I know and what I've heard he only beat him maybe once no wrong and if he did
No, I'm not a apologize and I don't and what if he did only beat her one did you
So did you watch any of the trial did you see the pictures that were black and blue?
You think that those pictures were staged. I won't think they were airbrushed. I watched very little
Yeah, in other words you didn't read the book you didn't watch the trial
But you know he was black and therefore he didn't do it. Okay. Thank you so much
And you wonder why there's so much racism they call it racism
I think it's just realism is what it is if I had a dollar for every really ignorant dumb black person in America
I wouldn't have to be sitting your waist in my time talking to assholes like him every day
How about buying a book? How about getting smart? How about learning something instead of just acting based on gut reaction?
Okay based on ethnic need and they starts out with a bit about the Jews and the white so there was nothing in there was there
Huh the Jews most of the Jews and the whites most of you people in high-meet town you think he was guilty
You know all you people that gave all that money to the NAACP right?
Well the Spix think he did it too. Oh the Spix how do you like that?
No, it's damn Spix they think he's guilty too
It's the best of Neil Rogers
610 W I O D playing tapes of Neil Rogers because there's a hockey game on satellite and Neil's busy
Oh man. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Have you ever considered the fact that he's innocent
And also that because of the what does that mean? What kind of a question is that?
Well
Because you supposed to be proven
guilty and and and and you and you supposed to be innocent until proven guilty
So let's say he was innocent and being a black man in America you know
That you're not going to get justice in this country
Wait a minute black people never get justice never I can't how about black people like I've 10 million dollars to spend on their defense
Well, let me let me make my point first of all the reason he was in that
The guy was more than likely scared to death that he wasn't going to get justice
So he figured the best thing to do was to skip town and to try and deal with it from another country
Let me ask you this if you were innocent if you were innocent. Why would you be scared to death?
Well, you have to understand this being a black man in this country is just like every time you get pulled over
You you're
Let me ask you this question is every black that's accused of a violent crime innocent?
Of course not
So then what kind of crap are you talking man? I'm talking the same kind of crap where you that you're talking if you would just listen for a second
All I'm saying to you is the explanation is very valid why he was in that van
It's very simple. How about the explanation of how his blood was at the crime scene. Huh? How about it?
The explanation of the crew Mark Farman setup. Come on
Mark Farman setup. How do you do that? How do you do that? He did it very simply
Yeah, very simply. Yeah, when he got the magic one. Yeah
No, when he got the blood
How did he get the how did he get the blood inside OJ's house very simply when they went into his house and jumped the fence
They had access to his whole house. Yeah, that was very easy
So all he had to do
Farman knew that and his line. He knew OJ was guilty
So what he figured was this I'm gonna make sure this guy gets nailed for this
Yeah, oh yeah, right. He was gonna go ahead
You know there's there's an interesting there's a very interesting story in this book
Which I'm sure you won't read about a black I'm right to book about the black defendant that Farman made sure
Give that he knew was not guilty
And he made sure that the evidence was introduced to get him off because he knew he hadn't committed the crime
So what was it that Mark Farman only was selectively racist?
He only didn't like OJ is that what you're telling me what other black guys
He helped him to get off when they weren't guilty
Whoever was available to help him nail that black guy. Yeah, whether he was another black guy or whatever
What is that what what does that mean? What did you just say what are those words that you just uttered mean? What does that mean?
This is very simple. Well, you keep playing it's very simple, but you're talking Kaka you're talking double
I'm a farmer needed to help up whether he's black or not. Yes. Yes. He used another black guy to help him do what?
What you just said yeah, let me ask you the name of the books. What's the name of the book? I agree to book
You just got your senior read the book
Yeah, you're full of crap. You're just another militant. Koon is what you are man
I'm so sick and tired of guys like you. Let me say it again
There's black people who are thinking people and then there's dumb coons okay?
Just like in every other ethnic group
I'm sick and tired of of walking his fine line. I'm telling them exactly the way I feel about it
I'm sick and tired of that element of the so-called black community who are nothing but a want your a bunch of professional walking
Ethnics okay get the chip off your shoulder and use your brain
Use your brain if you can find one and he tells me he read the book
He wouldn't know how to read the book. He wouldn't know where to go to find it or the book
Man am I sick of this crap the koon ising of America baby. That's what we got under for the right in front of our face
Right in front of our eyes is this taken dumb dumb uneducated people and trying to have to bring ourselves down to that level
Okay, and you see it in sports you see it in every aspect of American life
And I'm fed up right to my ears with it. Okay. I've had it
If I get my point across or what and the thing that really gets me because the only time we ever get many black
Caulers on here is once you start with something like this oj crap and it get the you know
Get all bent out of shape because it's an ethnic thing to them as opposed to like you know common sense as opposed to justice
And the thing that really makes it bizarre is when you read like pages 142 through 145 and you're about Jim Brown a former
A football player who is very much involved in black causes
He would be the first one to tell you that oj has never been at any time in his life involved in black causes
Or helping the black community and Johnny Coffin gets up there in his summation and goes on about how oh yeah
He even gave a bunch of money to the angel city links
$5,000 a year to the angel city links the inner city black organization and of course
Vincent bullioe he had to turn like a heads
He had to go crazy to try to find out what the angel city links was
Well, guess what? It's a sorority that his daughter was involved in it had nothing to do with helping people in the inner city
It had nothing to do with black causes and when when bullioe
C. S. Jim Brown when he go to oj and ask him for help for any of these black causes said I would I never waste my time
Going to people that I know what the response is going to be and yet somehow you think that he was this
Great hero this great black activist this great the
I don't know what he was an uncle Tom and yet because of the fact that his skin color is black right away even with his 10 million dollars
He could never get a fair shake. He got more than a fair shake
He got away with double murders what he got away with plain and simple man
Yeah, there's this whole thing with blacks in America and that is they would people become very successful whether it's Albert
Bell or oj Simpson or Gary Schaeffyld or wherever it is making millions and millions of dollars
There's still this attitude problem like what the hell more do you want somebody gave you an opportunity
Somebody gave you a chance with very limited just based on athletics skills and very little between your ears to become a very wealthy person
Now what the hell more do you want what's with the attitude what's with this incessant all the black people just can't make it
They can't get a fair shake how about fags how about Jews how about the Spicks how about everybody else is everybody else crying all the time that they can't get a fair shake
I think people are sick and tired of all a belly aching and the crying and want to start seeing and seeing people apply themselves with a brain
Like read a book get smart get some intelligence and then go out and that's why all this affirmative action crap is going down the toilet
Exactly if you want to compete for a job bring something like qualifications to it
Don't tell me how you've been oppressed all this time and how you've been put upon because I'm sick and tired of hearing about that crap
Give me somebody that's got some talent that I might give them a job maybe if they look good
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing? When is this you know you just nail it and it's incredible good
I guess you have the power to do it on your radio show and nobody else has the balls in the stand to come out and nail it like it is
Nobody has the guts to say because they're afraid they're gonna sound like a big it
I'm not I just like decent people is there something wrong
I like decent people people that are scumbags they can kiss my ass. I agree with you
You know, it's just if you come out and you say was honestly the truth and maybe that the black community has some problems
They got some real real serious problem or it's Phillips Mike Tyson you know always
Whole thing down
Mark Dupur it just go out and I'm we're talking about people that have been given an opportunity to make millions of dollars an opportunity that most black and white and yellow and any other people never have in their lifetime
And these people have had things handed to them and they've still blown it well the thing that thing that drives me crazy is you know
You look at Danny Rawlings Ted Bundy. We're not out there saying those guys were innocent right and I'm not
Understand this that just because how about David Burpowitz he was Jewish so my sitting here as a Jew yelling and screaming that he was
Discriminate against because he was a Jew what kind of cock I'm thinking is this well
I said it was a white you judge you let Brian blades off though
I just hope you're black call us remember that yeah that fits. Oh, he never had a fair chance
That's a good point. How come all of a sudden? He's out there jumping high and running fast
Well, you know what I mean? It's just amazing to me if you come out and even if you listen to the media nail and listen to the radio
Radio shows if it if it's a white guy that gets beat up by a black guy
It's buried it for some reason a white who cop goes after some black guys. It's from pace news. Oh we could go
We had a week ago. We had this grotesque series
Now I'm not saying it blacks are the only one who commit the violent crimes away at this grotesque series of crimes
That were committed over the past weekend and 99% of who are all committed by black people including the guy that shot his daughter
He was playing with his piece in the bathroom and they a gun went off and then he tried to say that his 10-year-old girl shot herself
And then he admitted that he was the one that did it and the two kids that got murdered at pizza hut including the one kid
His family took him in when he had no place to go. They took him it off the streets
Well, what about the black guy who walked into the trailer over there
Broward and shot all the white guys and it was a racist thing
But it got buried in the paper
You only saw one article and that whole event in that trailer where those guys got blown away. Yeah, I'm a black guy in a white guy
Well, I think you're being a racist now
You know, it's easy to say that because you know if you say the truth until you take it well
Supposed to say the truth. This is America. You're supposed to sugarcoat everything so you don't offend anybody
That's what America's all about until they take the covers off their eyes and realize we all believe red
We're all the same you had enough time to sort of come up to society and read me to meet us there
I think you nailed it right after the trial
You said they don't want to sit in the back of us at a front. They just want to sit on their own side
There you go. Yeah, have a great day pal
And as soon as that guy from Fort Pierce started with yeah, all you Jews and whites think he's guilty all you Jews
There we go. I wonder where he heard that crap, huh?
Couldn't be from Jesse Jackson Lewis Farrakatta. We had a million idiots out there following a guy
That's like the guy that gives me that crap about that that the Tony there from Kendall about how I'm a bigot
I can't think of any religion more bigoted than the Muslims man
Look at the way that they treat women for example. There's a great job. Let's keep them in the Stone Age in the Stone Age
One of the most the end of thought religions of all but because I don't think he ought to be sitting on his ass during the national anthem
When he's getting paid millions of dollars a year to shove a basketball in a hoop then I'm a bigot
I'm a bad guy. I think America has had it with this crap
I think that the majority of people are sick and tired of everybody running around with an ethnic chip under God damn shoulder
And I say that for myself and screw you guys my get my point across or what? Oh, man
It's the best of Neil Rogers
Simmy unplugged
610 W I O D with the best of Neil Rogers on tape which is better than Larry King when he was alive
I killed Nicole
Wait till you now he this is right from the book page
135 from the
Vincid Bolewsy book which the people of course who've got their minds closed would never read because it might rattle their cage a little bit
They don't want anything introduced into their brain if they can find one that might the challenge the preconceived notions that they got
It said what has to rank is one of the most startling utterances to come from the prosecutors in the Simpson case was William Hodgman
The senior member of the prosecution team telling the Los Angeles Times after the verdict that he and his coat
Prosecutors and information about how Mark Furman as a detective was a very professional detective that in the number of instances
He worked to clear suspects who happened to be African American when new evidence exonerating them came out
But Bill if you had evidence like this
Don't you think it would have been a good idea to share it with the jury?
Bolewsy asks he says I was able to confirm one of these instances on October 6th
The 1994 in West Los Angeles
Sean Stewart a white male was shot to death on the street in a drug deal gun sour
Witnesses identified Eric Harris a 30-year-old black male with a criminal history as the killer and firm in the lead detective on the case secured a criminal complaint against Harris for murder
Before the preliminary hearing
Furman got information that somebody else was the killer after going out and investigating further
He formed the opinion that Harris was innocent his partner Ron Phillips told me that Furman worked extremely hard on the case to
Establish that Harris was not involved. I remember Mark telling me Ron
We've got approved this guy didn't do it before the preliminary is gonna sit in jail for a murder
He didn't commit he even got the dea to request a continuance of the prelim so we could have more time to work on a case
Furman proved Harris's innocence
This is the black guy he proved his innocence and the district attorney's office had the case dismissed before the preliminary hearing
Phillips said he furnished the prosecutors in a Simpson case with all of the above information
But guess what they didn't introduce it with the revelations about Furman on the firm and tapes being perceived by everyone is devastating
The prosecution's case
It's almost criminal that the prosecution never introduced evidence like this to the jury
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. Oh Neil. Yes. Yeah, hi Neil listen
The statements you made before about affirmative action
Was right on the money. Yeah, I agree with you on that, but I don't agree on the OJ trial, you know
You know agree with what well a lot of things, you know
I happen to have been free that time. I was watching the whole trial
I'm white and I'm 60 years old
So maybe I'm one of the rare rare people in the world and the guy was right a lot of my Jewish friends male friends
Super week that he was guilty. Yeah, you know, so what does that mean?
It means a lot to what his attorneys were Jewish
You know the only you know the only reason he made the comment about Jews
Well, I mean just attorneys are being paid, you know, let me say it again
The only reason that the caller your friends stop breathing so heavy to the phone please the only reason that he made that comment is because
He's an anti-Semite and yet he's crazed crying about bigotry
Wizard I watch the I watch the trial 90% at a time. Yeah, you know
And I came to a lot of conclusions on my own did you did you watch when the criminalists from Connecticut the Chinese guy talked about the blood
Yeah, and about terminal velocity
Mm-hmm. Huh what about well that wasn't dramatic what about it?
First of all there's tons of blood at the murder scene and there's only microscopic drops of blood around the other places
Yeah, well most because most of the blood around a murder scene is from the victims. Do I have to spell that out for you?
Yeah, but the but but the blood found in OJ's driveway was drops of blood
Identical to the test drops he made in court terminal velocity
If if a drop of blood was dropped from four inches or six inches from the ground
It would make a small drop. Let me ask you this question. Oh, so in other words you're gonna give me this story about
Conspiracy again how he was framed how well
How we were where was the blood even the guys the guys who checked the truck the next day they they said
What is the blood? Let me ask you lady would have you have you read this book?
I'm very well read
I'm not interested in how articulate how brilliant house pseudo intellectual you are have you read this book in which mr.
Bulliose he goes down point by point
Every one of the witnesses and where she goes down and addresses each of these issues have you read the book?
That's my opinion to me. I'm asking you a question sir that requires I don't give a flying crap right now
You already told us your opinion. I'm asking you a question. Have you read the book?
I read some snippets of this book, but I didn't read his book. I don't read everybody's book
I mean bullioces out to make money like everybody else. Yeah, I mean what like Bob your heroin like Johnny Coffin right?
So the reference the reference the guy made before about bulliocese and and and firm and who who was who was trying to get this black
Hot black person off because he felt he was innocent. Yeah, you know, so what's the big deal?
You haven't had so the big deal is that if he was such a racist if he was the Hitler
Which is what Johnny Coffin called him in summation if he was that much of a racist that much of a white supremacist
Why would he do that? He's not a racist to that to that to that degree. How do you know that?
They're what are you saying the what is he telling everybody else who's who has that little racism in them?
Then why would he go to vote? Why would he go to such great likes to set up a lot of people's
They sure let me ask you again if he wasn't a racist why would he set up a jet did he lose a bet on a football game or something?
He was he the man is a racist but he he can't stand black rich black men with white women. I know that yeah from what I read
Mm-hmm. He also he was one of the one of the cops who was let me ask you this question
OJ claimed that he was a cut-and-com self-in-shakago, right? Who knows about that cut?
You just got through telling me that you watched almost the entire trial and I asked you one question and you can and you give me who knows about it
Isn't that what he said? He cut himself in Chicago. Well, they they the whole tough
They did verify that the glass was broken and let me ask that this land the glass let me ask you this if that's the case
How come in his statement to the police which he made without the presence of his attorney in the statement
Which is by the way in its entirety in the back of the book his statement to the police which was never introduced in evidence
He says he cut himself peddling around the house rushing around to pack to go to Chicago the night before now
Which is the truth and which is the lie sir? There was some there's there are some holes there
I agree yeah, you know some hole. I mean basically there are some holes
There's a lot like the big one in the middle of your forehead don't confuse me
He's very well read. He's very well educated
But he hasn't read it so don't confuse him with the fact because it's gonna fly in the face of the conclusions and the contusions that he's already come to okay
guilty as hell
two
Roodle unacceptable acts two vicious murders of two people in the prime of their lives
Whether you like them or you dislike them and of course one of them was Jewish
So you know what's the big deal right man? You talk about ignorance out there
And I rest my case which bullioce he doesn't agree with me this business of the jury system of people taking a bunch of dummies off the street and letting them make life
And that's that decisions over innocent
Many times innocent people and unacceptable how'd you like to have a jury composed of the last dozen people?
We've talked to other the guy from Boston the guy from Fort Pierce this jackball right now
Who's got some holes in his head and the holes in a story like this a piece of Swiss cheese
But don't confuse him with a fact
You call you a good company W.I.O.D. Miami Fort Lauderdale used all can entertain with radio
610 W I.O.D
Good afternoon. I'd want a clock on Jennifer Ram with 610 W I.O.D. News. I'm Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio 610
W I.O.D. Oh God
Okay
No good
Attention, please we can't be responsible for what you're about to hear because we haven't heard it yet either
Neal's on vacation. So here's the best of new Rogers on news talking entertainment radio
610 W I.O.D. Yeah, so they're George
Right exactly. We're both eating okay, so don't bother us. The worst talk radio I've ever heard my life with the W.I.O.D
Yeah, well blowing out your ass too, okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. A.D.O.
I watched most of the trial. I do think he didn't have enough evidence to
Um, the other thing is they didn't have enough evidence or they didn't reduce enough evidence
I think they produced a lot some of it. No, they did not. No, they did not believe that again
No, they did not which while reading this book in the first place
Well, the book space on the premise of they that the prosecution ran a
A crappy rotten cake. That's right. You can't blame that on a jury
Who's blaming the jury? I well you do you said a bunch of idiots 10 minutes ago
I got to you're saying that most Americans are idiots. I'm saying who would you entrust?
I don't know do you want to trust a judge like the foe?
How do you want this system to work? I wanted to run like they do in England where they have professional jurors
Not a bunch of jackasses off the street like so what like lobo
I said professional jurors not some jackass
With those what do you mean where we go? How about if we educate some people? Okay. We sure got enough lawyers running around
Yeah, too many well there you go
Well, let me ask you let me ask something else. What about when they you know, you're a civil rights that would right when they jumped over
What do we mean? I'm a civil rights guy. What does that mean? You believe in for people in this country
Yeah, so when they jumped over a fence without a search warrant. Where are you on that one?
What do you mean? We're on that one? I think they had air they had air be right to jump over the fence
You can just enter somebody's house and search it if they thought that perhaps his life was in jeopardy
Which is what they said they damn right they had a right that you go in there. Oh somebody's life was in jeopardy
My goodness. You're really disappointing
Well, did you watch that you just got through Tommy you watch the trial?
Yes, I know you know that they just killed his wife
They come and he just killed his wife
Somebody killed his wife. They said nobody's home. Yeah, jump over and they do a complete search without a wife
And suppose his body is laying there in the backyard. Then he's bleeding to death. They caught the police officers lying about
About what they told the judge in order to jump the fence. Yeah, what about that? What about it? Well?
So in other words, let's let them off on it
Let's let them off on a technicality. Let's start word about civil rights
How about the civil rights of the two people like I put you down? How about their civil rights?
It's about technicality the jury the jury said they were he was innocent and you're second-guessing now and then thank you
I'm second-guessing that the jury that we had one of the jurors set up and give the black power salute to OJ when they were now
It's the verdict. Well, so what do you want?
A judge? Oh, I said anybody you want. What do you want? I want a bunch of people to sit down including the black women
You didn't watch the trial. Sure I did. How could you watch with your little show going on? We were watching it
In other words, they didn't recap it every night. They didn't show hours and hours of it
Recapped in show in other words, they know anything I would have said here
I had to watch the whole trial to formulate an opinion right?
You can't do it by reading all those books. No, I had to watch the whole trial
Well, you had to watch it good far, but you bet. Yeah, how much?
Two-thirds a lot of the evidence. How did you have?
