This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to the station.
I have my own cars.
If you're planning an extended stay in prison,
San Francisco, all the backwards of Appalachia,
your posterior is going to take up pounding.
Whether you want it or not.
But now there's a unique exercise machine
guaranteed to toughen you up.
From the makers of the Abdominizer,
the revolutionary exercise machine
that Platon Jobele comes the Sautomizer.
I'll state that they are fitness tools
that'll toughen you behind like nobody's business.
The Sautomizer is a 21-inch cylinder
of solid tungsten steel,
fully greased for easy insertion
and spring loaded for repetitive action.
Just use the Sautomizer three times a day
for as long as you can possibly stand it
and in just a matter of weeks.
You'll be able to drop the supernashawa
with confidence.
Or do the Sautomizer today.
Send 29.95 in checker money
or two the Sautomizer.
And over in squeal Arkansas,
4.8.00.00.00.
Or if you have your credit card ready,
call 1-800-00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
Extension.00.00.00.00.00.00.
Okay.
It's 1006 at WIOD.
Here we go on a Tuesday.
I just have a feeling in my bones.
We're going to make a big comeback today
after a really bizarre Monday.
Yesterday wasn't just what I had in mind.
You know what I'm saying?
It was just a little bit on the deadly side.
After all the festivities
and the frallicking and the great time we had on Friday.
And they want to bring you back down to earth immediately.
Why couldn't we take in a couple of days
and ease back into it?
Now let's do it like real,
you know, like right away.
So anyway, the story that really catches my eye
and is like the epitome of what's wrong
in this goddamn country of ours is that everybody is so uptight
and so thin skin because we got the word police out there.
All you got to do is slip a little bit with that tongue
and right away they're on your ass.
It reminds me of that goddamn movie with,
was it Kate and Ellikin?
Without a trace?
I think I don't know who was in that.
But that was a good movie.
In any way, her redneck friend comes in
because she doesn't want to give up on the fact that her little kid
who everybody thinks is dead,
got kidnapped entities and she says,
I am so sick and tired of you and you're a literate bullcrap.
And I just, I always think of that scene.
Of course, nobody ever saw that movie.
It was a pretty interesting movie with Judd Hirsch.
It was a real turd jerker.
And it wasn't even a true story.
But it was a nice happy ending.
And even the dog had a smile on his face at the end of the movie.
But take your illiterate bullcrap
and get the hell out of here.
I loved it.
It was beautiful.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Mia.
When is Diaz?
Oh, no big of when is Diaz.
Why not?
Hugs and death.
I beg your pardon?
Hugs and death.
Hugs and death.
Hugs and hoys?
Is that what you said?
Happy holidays, love.
Oh.
I was just looking at the Hanukkah,
I mean, the Purim calendar here.
It's got all the, not only has it got the significance of the holiday,
but it's got all the good food here that you'd like,
like a holly and honey cake and fancy creplach and potato lackeys
and homeontation and cheese blinces, et cetera.
Everything that I don't cook because I can't cook very much.
And stuffed cabbage.
Oh, give it.
Okay.
Listen, I just, you're just going on about, you know,
what's the big deal about the monkeys and calling whatever.
I really don't care about the sport, but, you know,
bottom line, for me, the bottom line of it is,
there is this culture makes people ready to take a sense.
First of all, this is the best.
Almost everybody in America is uptight and ready to be offended.
And immediately do something about it.
And we're forming some kind of group.
We've got the, the Porch Monkey Anti-Defamation League.
We've got the, the Faggot ADL.
Every group has got some kind of psychotic,
little knee jerk reaction to every word that's ever said.
Yeah, but then you have to look at the larger portion.
Look at your front pack.
You can't.
I mean, when people say something,
so better not to take, take a sense to the obvious things.
Better to take a sense to when somebody is using code words,
talking about restricting immigration and,
and getting rid of affirmative action.
You know, excuse me very much.
Well, see, you know, I have, I happen to be in favor of both of those things,
but I'm not coming from the same viewpoint that he is.
So he takes, he takes some knee jerk issues that are very palatable
to a lot of people and he tries to sugarcoat them
and tries to make it seem as though he's coming from one viewpoint,
whereas we know throughout his history by everything he's said and done
that he's nothing but a goddamn bigot.
Absolutely.
And the point that he's taking advantage of is the same point that you were making earlier.
The fact that most people are not articulate enough,
they haven't been educated enough.
I mean, whether it be the fault of the education system,
the public education system in this country or not,
they're not able to listen to what he's saying
and argue with him at his level, unfortunately.
So the only option is, whenever they hear something like,
look at that monkey go, that's when they get upset.
They don't get upset with some slick ass.
First of all, I don't think anybody is upset about it.
I don't think, except for the people at CBS and the people in the meeting
who wanted to make a big deal out of it,
I don't think that any black person in this country
would be given to them about the Billy Packer call anybody that tough monkey
or about Howard Cosell years ago call Alvin Garrett,
look at that little monkey right,
I don't think anybody would be upset about that.
But the people in the media again, because of their bending over backwards
to the point they need a chiropractor,
they keep pandering and pandering and pandering
to what they perceive are the sensibilities of the public.
Well, you know, Neil, you are right.
I will continue to see that.
You are right, but then again, CBS has a problem,
because CBS also had, they had to fire somebody
who was in charge of late night programming,
because of the fact that this person,
whoever he was, I don't remember his name,
but this happened, I guess maybe about a month, a month and a half ago.
This person basically said to all of his employees, look,
the reason we don't have to worry about ratings is basically
because we've got a built-in audience,
we've got an audience that can stay up late at night
because they don't go to work.
Who was he talking about?
He was talking about black people.
Yeah.
Okay.
So did it?
Didn't do it too good for our Sineo, did it?
Well, he wasn't worried about our Sineo.
He was worried about that.
No, but I'm just telling you, didn't do work for him.
No, but our Sineo had another problem,
which was that he wanted to stick his neck out to make a comment.
I think that was the situation was.
I think our Sineo's biggest problem was that he was annoying to look at
and he had no talent, he was a piece of crap.
That was his biggest problem.
Yeah, well, the other problem was he tried to buck the establishment
by putting Farrakhan on TV.
Do you remember that?
He put every obnoxious, unpalatable person he could find on there
and turn everything into a goddamn racial or ethnic issue.
Including our president?
And I got news for putting somebody on here at 11.30 or midnight
to talk heavy-duty stuff and ain't going to work
even if your Ted Coppel looking like how he do it on there.
Because nobody really watches Nightland, they just say they do,
because again, it makes them seem like an intellectual.
Yeah, but this is the difference between this society again
and your pancified, you know very well if you watch TV.
They have shows like that on all the time.
People pay attention to them maybe because it's the only option that they have.
I mean, they don't have a whole lot of TV
other than imported American television.
Just a lot of old American reruns.
Yeah, but still people can't hear that.
Beverly Hill believes Dubbed over in Italian.
Can and Dubbed in Espanol.
So anyway, bottom line for me is that...
Borning Miller, Dubbed in German.
People take a sense to comment like that because unfortunately...
Fish, Dubbed in French.
There's something you understand.
Yeah.
That's all they understand.
Okay.
Okay, sweetie.
Have a great day.
What'd she say?
I have no idea what she said.
We have an open line of dates.
7519-463-751-WIOD.
I mean, so what if there is somebody out there
who's running like the window?
Okay, look at that spook run, man.
Look at that kite.
Make that pass.
What is the big deal?
Okay.
What is the big deal with words?
It's just like the words we can't say on a radio.
And the public in this country, most of them have been brainwashed in condition to believing
that that's right.
You can't say that because the children might hear it.
The children hear it.
We the children know words that we never heard of yet.
But there's always this excuse for taking away freedom.
So you know, this is what most of you people don't understand.
You have no idea what freedom is all about because you live in America.
The land of the maybe once upon a time free, but when the hell was that?
When the hell was this ever-relea free country?
I'd like you to tell me that.
When was it a free country?
We had slaves for hundreds of years.
So Blacks sure is hell we're never free.
We had women who were like chattel.
They couldn't even vote until like 76 years ago to 1920.
So they sure is hell weren't free.
Jews had to change their names.
And we went through the McCarthy era in the 50s
when all these people got blacklisted in Blackball
because they were Jews or liberal or whatever the hell they were.
And alleged Kameh pinkos.
Fags have been like all they got to do is be discovered.
In fact, they had a thing on over the weekend about the Don't Ask Don't Tell Thing in a military
and come to find out it's working worse now than it was before.
Because they have all these goddamn witch hunts going on.
And they're going to people's families and their friends.
And they're, oh yeah, that one's a faggot.
Let's get him. All right.
So there are no freedoms in this country.
Who the hell are you kidding?
You're certainly not free to speak.
You're free to speak as long as you don't rattle anybody's cage.
Oh, see, you said cage.
You's talking about monkeys again.
We know it.
1036 at WIOD.
Defoe knows football.
But does he know baseball?
Find out tonight at 6.0.5.
Defoe in Sports Talks 6.10.
Comes to you live from Marlon's training camp in Melbourne.
Defoe in the Marlon.
Tonight on News Talk and Entertainment radio.
Play, play, play, play.
6.10.
WIOD.
Basnik.
Everything is so big.
I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive.
21-11.
Of course, I'm reading on an historian.
I was wrong.
You know, I had read this earlier and then it slipped my mind because I'm living in La La land.
Both the arena, CBS Sports in New York and CBS is washing in affiliate, W USA TV9.
Received telephone calls from viewers who were upset with Packer's description of Iverse.
And it was black because he used a term tough monkey during the game.
So I was totally wrong.
I'm living in La La land.
And yes, there are a lot of people out there who are like conditioned to be upset about everything.
They're just looking for stuff to get pissed off about just like the OJ business.
It's all a racial thing.
The fact that there were two dead people is meaningless.
It's just strictly just like a stupid letter to the editor in the Sunsettlest morning about the black guy to kill the five white workers up there in Fort Lauderdale.
And about how come Jesse Jackson isn't down here now.
We got a double set of standards.
And so he's turning around and making it even worse.
Everything is a racial thing.
Everything is a religious thing.
Everything is an ethnic thing, which is basically what it's all about.
It's let's whip up some good old hate.
But of course not in this town though.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
That was a great show on Friday.
Yes it was.
Since Mark Coney I never heard a show that.
Yeah, I had a great time.
And then of course I came in yesterday expecting the audience to be just gushing forth with enthusiasm and excitement
and every kind of reaction and commentary.
And it was as usual just depressing.
At that head.
Just depressing.
Neil, I've been looking for about ten of those years.
And I have one question about the show.
Yeah.
Who is Rich Packer?
And I remember he used to call in but who is he?
Who is he?
Yeah, I mean what does he do?
He never, I know he doesn't call in anymore but.
I would give you a one word answer.
At all.
How's that?
All right now.
He's Paul Harvey Jr.'s boyfriend.
Okay.
Okay.
We have an open line a day.
There's a good call for you.
Who's Rich Packer?
Okay, where the hell does that come from?
He's a guy that works these a record distributor guy.
Not anymore.
Or used to be.
What does he do now?
He works with Boca Bryan and some music service thing.
What do you mean he works with Boca Bryan?
Or Boca Bryan works with him.
They work together.
Do and what?
They do spots, voiceovers, clean up, clean up, clean up, clean up everything.
Really?
So Rich Packer used to work for record distributor.
Now, evidently, he's out of a job and he's like flunking around with our friend Boca Bryan.
Boy, what a come down that is.
No wonder we don't hear from Rich anymore, huh?
Speaking of Rich, the other Rich Fat Rich words of track last night, which I had a good night.
Thank you for me.
And so I had taken this letter.
Remember this letter from our good friend, Jackie Lee?
I had put it in my wallet because I wanted to show it to Larry Albano.
He and Larry and Gary Cibell have dinner with us at my table.
My table, Rich, every night.
Whether I'm there or not, obviously.
But anyway, so I had promised to show this letter to Larry because it was very amusing at best
and the Gary had already seen it.
And so I happened to have it in my wallet last night.
I showed it to Larry and we were laughing about it.
And I put it back in my pocket.
During about the second race, I hear a voice from the level up above ours.
And I look up and there's a nice lady sitting up there.
Neil, how are you doing?
I have great, nice to see you know, up yours.
And she says, do you see who's here with me?
And the person that was with her was like beyond behind like some stuff, you know, the TV and the flowers and whatever.
So I lean back and I look and you'll never in a million years guess who it was.
Take a guess.
Jackie Lee.
All right.
I said, who the hell is that?
It was Jackie Lee.
And so I got involved in a whole long conversation with them and showed the letter and I said, I carry this letter with me everywhere I go.
And of course, naturally they believe that.
And Jack, by the way, Gary, if you're listening or if anybody who knows Gary's listening, Jack does want your job.
Okay.
He said he kissed and made up with me, but he does want Gary's job.
And his wife lives down here and they've been married for two years and he don't like the cold weather up there at freehold.
So maybe you want to make a swap, Gary.
And I said, no way, baby.
And the Jack keeps saying all those tapes you played me from 20 years ago, that's old stuff.
Well, I said, yeah, that's when you used to be good, Jack.
And he got very upset about that and very indignant.
Tell me how he's better now than ever.
And I said, yeah, who won that race?
They said, what race?
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
One journal, Neil.
And back to you.
The latest in grad.
Thanks.
Happy forum.
Uh-huh.
And I want you to know I'm a Caucasian female and I am one top monkey.
There you go.
There we go.
What I want to talk to you about is I'm going to talk to you about fundamentalism.
Mm-hmm.
Whether it's Islamic fundamentalism.
Oi!
Oi! Jewish fundamentalism.
Right.
Or Christian fundamentalism.
Right.
They should call it extremism, not fundamentalism.
Well, whatever.
They're all the same breed.
Insanity.
And they're anti-democratic small D.
Mm-hmm.
And they answer to a high authority.
Whatever the laws of the nation doesn't apply to them.
So you have, how do you, how do you deal with people who feel that this life on earth means nothing?
So they're willing to strap bombs on themselves.
Right.
And one is that the best way to deal with them is stay as far away as possible.
Oh.
Well, you know, now we have people willing to go and bomb a abortion clinics.
Mm-hmm.
But at some point, if this carries on, they're going to just strap bombs on their back.
And I mean, if people don't think that what's happening in Israel could happen here in a minute, they're crazy.
Yeah.
So my question to you is,
well, I guess Oklahoma City never happened though.
No, it didn't happen.
It certainly had nothing to do with these other women's movement.
Or the World Trade Center.
These hate groups and all this.
And I guess what you're saying is true that American may just have to go through this period of hate and purging itself.
But, uh...
Well, purging itself from what?
It's not getting better.
It's getting worse.
I don't know, Neil.
I'm not purging ourselves.
Well, everybody seems to be pandering to it and making a lot of money off of it.
And the thing is...
And the media don't have the guts to, you know, call a spade a spade.
They're talking about expression.
Something you get upset about that.
Like the thing with Farrakhan going over there and embracing every goddamn lunatic who,
and those people are sponsoring most of the terrorism that's going on in the world, by the way.
That's true.
Over in Iran and Iraq and Syria, those people are, you know, all the main terrorists that we know of in the world
come from those places with the majority of them.
And then he's over there embracing these guys.
And nobody's got the balls to say, hey, that's really what this guy's always been about anyway.
Right, and they're over there.
They're waxing enthusiastic about the million man march.
Yeah.
What the hell did that accomplish?
What was the point of that, except getting into a big argument and threatening a lawsuit
because they didn't count the right number of people there?
How to get into where God damn ping contest over how many people really showed up
as if there was something positive that happened that day?
Yeah, my question is, why is the media so, I mean, talk about it, test marks.
Because they're spineless.
And how about reading the Christian?
Everything that the media does is calculated for dollars.
That's exactly what it's all about.
They're terrified.
They're scared, crapless.
They're going to alienate somebody.
Well, somebody's got to stand up and take a stand here.
I mean, how come that American people do not know about the Christian coalition
and how they have this Republican party by the short hairs?
What do you mean they don't know about it?
Well, I teach at two universities.
Yeah.
And my students do not know who these people are.
Yeah.
And if you, I mean, did you ever see Ralph Reed?
Have I ever seen Ralph Reed?
Yes, see what he looks like?
Yeah, all he's got to do is put on a mustache.
He looked like a young Adolf, right?
I don't know Ralph Reed, like the palm of my hand.
I mean, talk about him.
A sick, sick, sick cookie.
Yes, sick.
So at any rate, Neil, just keep doing what you're doing.
Okay.
He's telling it as it is and hopefully we'll all join hands somewhere.
Good luck to us.
Bye, my boy.
See you.
We have an open line in day 751 W.I.D.
We're getting awful serious here today because I'm supposed to come up with the solutions for all these problems.
We're going to answer all the problems in the world.
I know Mike Siegel.
I can't do that in one goddamn talk show like he can.
I remember that night he came on W.S. News
and today we're going to tackle the problems of the medical profession
and then next week we're going to work out a problems of the legal.
And this guy is such a pompous, egotistical last is Mike Siegel,
who used to be on W.S. News and is out now up there in Seattle or some goddamn place.
And this guy, he really believed his own bull crap.
He believed that he was going to come on here and do a talk show
and solve all these goddamn problems.
A man with no sense of humor, a man with no personality,
a man with minimal amount of talent at best.
That's the highest compliment I could pay him.
And this guy really believed that by doing a goddamn talk show on the radio
he was going to solve the problems of the world, right?
Yeah, yeah, I think.
Here.
I don't know what I've been told.
I don't know what I've been told.
You can't it is a nutty asshole.
You can't it is a nutty asshole.
What's got to be worse all than through?
What's got to be worse all than through?
Niggas, flexin' six inches.
Niggas, flexin' six inches.
Niggas, asshole, asshole.
Niggas, asshole, asshole.
Have you had enough eggs?
I've had enough.
Yes.
Oh, ho!
Use talking entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
The O'Rodgescott.
It's bedtime.
You can't get to sleep because of that annoying late night hack.
Then take Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Get them in fruity cool and also hip flavors.
Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Triangle shaped, just like Arsenio's head.
So when you're kept awake by that bothersome...
Get busy, get relief.
Get Arsenio Hall's call drops.
Take only in small doses as much as you can stand.
See, I'll tell you what Arsenio's biggest problem was,
crappy ratings.
That's what it was all about.
See, he could have been the biggest asshole on the face of the earth
if he had good ratings.
And if he could have gotten the president to play the saxophone
a few more times, he probably'd still be on the air.
That's what it's all about.
And the public course doesn't understand.
Oh, he had an important message or he was being offensive
or he was rubbing people around.
He could have been rubbing them in the right way.
And if he didn't have the ratings man, he's gone.
And guess what? He is.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
The lady in Fort Lauderdale is gone.
Doesn't it?
Oh, I like that.
Doesn't that just frost your ass?
I'm tempted to call that bitch back.
I'm tempted to call that damn bitch back.
Last number that called you.
Hello.
W-I-O-D radio you're on the air.
Hi.
What happened to you?
What happened?
Yeah.
I got tied up with something else and I couldn't wait.
You got tied up? Should we call 911?
No.
Yeah.
Not really.
I wanted to talk to Neil about the leaflet.
This is, this is Neil.
Pardon?
About the maple leafs you want to ruin my whole day now?
Oh, come on, Neil.
I don't want to hear about the maple leafs.
Oh, you do.
Why not give me some sympathy?
Have a little bit of respect.
Well, my husband is just as great a maple leaf fan as you have ever been and we were built
of distress.
We heard that Burns was fired in the radio this morning.
We can't find out anything about it.
He was fired?
Yeah.
Oh, even George knows that.
How come I didn't hear that?
Well, this is what we couldn't know that.
I just heard it.
Huh?
This is what we couldn't understand.
How come I haven't heard?
Well, I find, I knew anything about it.
I would have told you, I haven't heard it.
We sure didn't have it on this station.
I'm sure it didn't have it on this radio station.
And the bill that team, I don't know what he is, director has taken over.
Cliff Letcher?
No.
Who can be a break?
What do you mean give me a break?
Cliff Letcher is the general.
No, no, no.
The fellow's name that has taken over.
Aaron Neville?
Nick Beverly, my husband, says.
Beverly Schwartz?
No.
Yeah.
Schwartz, God.
Norman Schwartz, God.
They held whip those guys in a shape.
Well, anyway, Neil.
Oh, my God.
Well, I knew it was coming.
I said I predicted it about 10 days ago.
Of course, they just kept losing and losing.
And somebody had to take the blame, you know.
Somebody had to take the fall.
Well, I asked my husband what they did.
I hate to see that because I love pepper.
And he's out of a coach.
You do?
Yes, I do.
I think pepper is a hell of a coach.
Well, good for you.
Didn't he do a great job with Montreal?
Oh, what about it?
Didn't he do a great job of the Leafs those two years?
No, I have no qualms about that.
But as I say, I have a whole new son sentinel.
Yeah.
And they put it up, I guess, in their machine.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
And...
Well, thank God you called in.
Isn't it a good thing I called you back?
I would have gone through the whole four hours today
and never known nothing about it.
Well, I'm so sorry.
I kept hanging up because I couldn't wait it.
That's okay.
But I must have had a psychic premonition there
that you had something really important for me.
Well, that's important.
Well, maybe we could beat the God damn devils tomorrow.
Maybe this will turn us around for a couple of games.
They need a couple of wins.
And we're going to miss out on a playoffs.
We're going to slide right out of the picture.
Go, Patrick.
Go.
Right, and go Leafs go.
Go, okay.
Let's score a couple of goals tomorrow, eh?
Oh, about it.
Let's bring back David Keon and George Armstrong.
What about Frank Mahavallich?
Frank Mahavallich and Bob Nevin.
Let's bring back Billy Harris.
Let's bring back Jerome Stead and Bob Pohlford.
Who's that?
Bobby Or.
Bobby Or never played for the Leafs.
I don't care.
But let's right, suit him up right now.
He's got to be better than Jamie McCown.
You're right.
He was the greatest.
He was.
You're right.
Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Pat Burns is out in Toronto, eh?
All right.
Oh, my God.
We're sitting here talking about our sineo hauling a bunch of kaka.
Any important stuff is Pat Burns gets fired as the coach at a Leafs.
And now one of you except this very nice Canadian lady who's got a very
Ontario-ish accent there.
Thank God.
Nobody else knows what's going on.
So QAM had it.
How come we don't have it?
That's what I would like to know.
How come Jeff DeForest was busy up there now, the baseball expert.
We're getting ready for the playoffs.
We got a team with 78 points right now that's in there in St. Louis.
And Gretzky still got a headache.
He's only got $7 million a year.
But he's got a headache and he might not play tonight.
Poor Wayne.
I hope that Kelly Bookberger.
I hope that was just a start of a long succession of guys.
Really taking some good shots at this goddamn needle nose.
He's been let off the hook.
They've been standing around watching this guy play for the last,
however many years it's been.
And everybody treats him like he's the Teflon asshole out there.
You don't see him treating Mario Lemieux that way or Yarmour, Yager,
or any of their Lindros.
They're out there spiraling him and hooking him and cross checking him.
But God, then Gretzky, we got a separate set of rules for him.
Well, not anymore now.
That's right.
He's got that St. Louis uniform on now.
He's fair game for everybody as in tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if Paul Law is like spears him right in the nose
if he does actually show up and play tonight, which I doubt.
Here's Pembert Pines. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning. How you doing?
I'm doing very well.
I don't know if you if you're tonight you listen to the radio,
but last night I'm surfing through the air.
Not if I can help it.
Yeah, I hear you.
I'm surfing through the AM stations.
And I come upon this, what's the number, 790 Waxi.
And they got a show on there.
I guess it must have started last night because they were saying this is our first
night, but I called Teen Talk Radio.
They had these two kids on there last night, two teenagers,
unbelievable what they did with radio.
They're going the label.
Topics, they're hitting.
This one, they're hitting.
So, variety, topics, they're hitting.
On the school topics, they've got callers calling in.
And it was refreshing.
Really?
It was absolutely refreshing.
How come Waxi, which is a make-believe station,
how come they can get some young people on the air to do a real show.
And we got to bring Drunksoft the street to do shows on this station,
which is supposed to be the dominant AM station in the marketplace.
Well, table was interesting about it.
The interesting part was, is that you had the point of view from these two kids.
And now they've got adults calling in.
They have kids calling in.
Right.
I mean, I think they think they had a teacher calling.
Well, what do you have to do for the show?
Because you must be involved in it, in some way.
They're what?
Yeah, go ahead.
I mean, it was interesting.
It was just some refreshing radio.
So, what do you do at Waxi?
You're like the...
What do you do at Waxi?
Come on.
It's been at Waxi.
Huh?
Nothing at Waxi?
A parent?
What do you like...
You bring in the bottles in the morning for Vineria and Henry?
Is that what you do?
A parent and the kids were listening to it.
The kids said, Dad, Dad, listen to this.
Great.
Well, I think I commend them for that.
And I only wish that this radio station had the foresight
to do something different and original.
And to bring in some young people or some different people
who have something to say,
as opposed just to trying to be funny in the smart ass all the time.
That's a problem, our PD.
He envisions us as being the smart ass station,
instead of trying to be innovative and different and new and exciting
and putting somebody's got something to say on the air.
Well, make a big difference, too.
If you had callers that called in,
it made sense and has some sensibility about what they wanted to talk about.
Yeah, but, huh.
Let me ask you something.
How do you do that when the whole thrust of the programming in the station now?
And I've told them this is just to be the smart ass station.
There's a time to be a smart ass,
and there's a time to be serious.
And once upon a time on this show,
I was able to like, you know, ride the line between the two on.
Some days we could be, you know, funny and fun and games.
And other days, if there was something going on,
we could talk serious and have some intelligent callers.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
It's strictly the smart ass ass hole station now,
and I can't deal with it.
When the kids called me in last night, they say,
come here, listen to this.
I'm going, I don't want to hear this.
There's a bunch of kids making a bunch of jokes.
And then all of a sudden, I'm sitting, I'm listening.
I'm here in common sense.
They're funny.
They're on every night, supposedly.
Yeah, so when's your kid going to be on again?
No, I ate my kid.
Come on.
You're too enthusiastic about this.
It was enthusiastic because it was refreshing.
Yeah.
It was something refreshing.
Okay.
I'm glad you're refreshed.
Neil, thanks.
See ya.
He must have put the show together.
He's probably producing it.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463524WLD,
and two on the green lines up there in Palm Beach
because one thing about Palm Beach, whether it's serious,
whether it's frivolous, whether it's in between,
they're consistent.
Nothing disturbs them.
Nothing will motivate them more.
It's the only thing recorded, the exception being given something away.
Then all of a sudden, we love you up here.
You've got a million loyal fans up here.
You have no idea that the whole county up here ride.
Right.
Give me a break, okay?
What a great bastion of escape that is up there in Palm Beach.
More so than any of them, Boka.
Boka epitomizes what this town is all about.
Massive escape.
And speaking of massive escape,
there's a big thing in a Sunsendle this morning
in the Yoko section about plantations.
Some residents feel overwhelmed by arena plans.
And everybody's up in arms.
Oh, we know what that.
Well, let me ask you, was anybody in Michigan
when they put the sawgrass in there?
And I hate to break the news to you,
but there's a lot more people going to the sawgrass
every stick in single day,
the second biggest tourist draw in the state,
which tells you something about this state,
behind Disney World, is the sawgrass
and guess what, life goes on.
More weird than a blind date with Janet Reno,
WIOD, Miami Ford Lutterdale.
Use talking entertainment radio.
16 WIOD.
Yeah, hi, I'm Tom Joyner.
And when I ain't on the air the high 105,
I listen to Phil Henry now.
You hear me on high 105, I say things like,
hi everybody, it's Tom Joyner.
The hardest working man in show business.
Good to see you.
Well, I ain't on the air right now,
so you know I'll listen to Phil Henry
to the 66610WLD.
He's back and he's stalking a psycho
who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pennant contenders.
Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, carry.
How are everybody?
This is Harry, carry with Steve Stahl
and the f***ing cops are getting this f***ing beat out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance
as the legendary Cubs broadcaster.
There's action.
The f***ing strike is the f***ing
still that f***ing ball right past clogs.
Suspense.
It f***ing might be.
It could be.
It is a f***ing override.
Romance.
Oh, look at the f***ing dog that broadsteed.
Holy cow s***.
Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, carry.
Coming to a theater near you.
1119 at WIOD.
Here's the lady in Aventura.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay. I'm having a great lunch.
Yeah. Good.
Sounds good.
I wanted to tell you you had a great show Friday.
Yeah.
I had a great time Friday,
but we sure don't want to do that again
anytime soon in the next 20 years.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
I want to talk about tonight Gritzky.
I hope that they could play.
Yeah.
I'd like to see him get a massive concussion.
Is it a what?
A massive concussion.
Okay. Sounds good.
And I just think you're doing a great job.
Oh, why?
A great job of what?
No, you just put a great...
Being frustrated?
Yeah.
I've talked to a bunch of simple things every day.
I've seen Tommy as a douchebag 40 times today.
That's not my idea of doing a great job.
Well.
And Bob Green, our general manager,
just walks in and he was like,
oh, you want to do issues?
That's a good idea to hear your little snot head go play with yourself.
Get out of my face.
Well, you make a...
You make me laugh every day.
And that's important.
Yeah.
Too many people don't have a sense of humor.
Yeah, I understand,
but does it mean that everybody who's got a sense of humor
has also got to be a simpleton?
Is that what life is all about?
No, absolutely not.
So why is it that on those occasions
when you bring up something serious on this radio station,
instead of doing it through another voice,
which feels does very well,
by the way, getting everybody riled up.
But unless they think that they're really talking to the host
to whoever it might be,
they got nothing to say about anything.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Or maybe it's only this town.
Maybe it's not all over America,
because I know that there's still plenty of topical talk shows
around the country.
But I used to work on that.
But you used to work on that heavy-duty talk station.
Right.
And we got the tombstone out front for that station now,
because it's out of business.
It's playing the kaka now.
That's right.
It's the...
And why is that?
I don't know.
Because the living and breathing people are a bunch of simple ones
in this country.
That's why.
Well, they don't care.
Yeah.
But it is.
Everyone wants someone else to do something.
No one wants to do anything on their own.
Yeah.
I mean, while you have...
You get down to the arena
and you used to drive over people on the street,
but no one cares.
I'm going to tell you something.
I really mean this.
If this was a town that had any kind of...
anything in terms of response,
anybody would get on here and say,
OK, I will trade away.
Every sports team,
every facility,
every arena,
every concert,
every one of these damn plastics and aesthetic things
for a community where we can clean it up,
get all the criminals,
we'll build some new prisons,
lock up all the scum,
make this a safe place,
make this a paradise,
bring all the real tourists back
instead of French Canadians,
and really make the...
bring the kids back from spring break
and you know, make this a fun place again.
They've got nothing to say.
I think...
If I said that in any other guy named
Tourist Town in America,
that phone would be lit up,
either agreeing or disagreeing.
They'd be foaming it to God damn mouth,
but not Miami, man,
because they're just a bunch of
sit-back on a race,
la la head deadheads.
That's what they are here,
and that's why this town is turning into a toilet.
Well, I'll tell you right now,
I do it,
and I'm a season tip holder for the dolphins,
and I go to the panther games.
I mean, it would be nice to have both,
you know, it would be nice to have like a civilized place,
along with all the other attractions,
you know, that you would like to have,
so you can have a good time.
But I don't think that it's possible here.
No, you can't ignore that stuff's going on.
When you go down to the arena,
and it's bizarre that you have all of this going around you,
and in fact, this building,
you have all these white people,
14,500 white people,
and the middle of a ghetto.
Yeah, and nobody thinks anything of it.
What do you mean nobody thinks anything of it?
The people, most of the people that are in there don't care.
Most of the people that are in there don't want to be there.
Right.
Most of the people that are in here were wished
that they would open it up at the Saga Rast tomorrow,
so that the game Sunday against Boston was in sunrise
and not in downtown Miami.
On a Sunday night.
Right.
But I'd be more than happy to give all of that up.
In a heartbeat.
That's how fast I would give it up.
I'd like to hear anybody else's say, do you?
Oh, okay, hold your breath.
And have a great day.
Can I just say hi to Mike?
Hi, Mike.
Okay.
See ya.
Open line at day, at 751,
boy, if I got to delicious lunch,
and thank you, Chef Ronaldo,
for bringing something beautiful into my life today.
And we got a general manager that wattles in here
like, you know, like I'm going to have a conversation
on here, do I want to do topics?
Okay. There's a lot of things I would like to do.
Believe me. Where's JC?
Yeah.
Now, there's a religion.
I believe in that.
I'm going to build a monument right at his feet.
I'll tell you right now.
That's something worth sinking your teeth into.
You're going to erect a what?
Don't start talking about erections on here.
Okay, it'll get that guy, damn American flickers association.
I'll bend out his shape.
All those good far-bistened goyem.
Who even on poor him can't give it a rest.
Open line and Broward, 524WID.
Is there anybody up there at Palm Beach that's got a brain
between their legs, huh?
You got a brain somewhere down here when you're growing?
1-800-944-WYOD.
Just like I said in both newspaper articles,
and as usual, I'm right on target.
Every goddamn day is like the first day.
It's like probing for life, probing for anybody alive.
Anybody got anything to say besides,
can I suck around for something for free?
Go suck around this, okay?
I'm telling you, it's like doing a show in a funeral parlor.
Doing a show in this town.
I've said that over and over against a goddamn truth.
They don't understand it.
It's 1124WID.
The construction is going on at Tropical Chevrolet,
as I speak, and the new showroom is going up.
It'll be soon.
I mean, like maybe soon, it'll be done.
But in the meantime, it's good news for you
that the construction is going on,
and the stuff is going up,
because while that's going up, the prices are going down.
What is he talking about?
It's Tropical's construction sale,
and you're going to save, like, never before on new and pre-owned cars.
They're having a real blowout,
when it's out, watching blow it out.
And your car will be backed up by Tropical Service Department,
which is second and on.
I got my car shmoot stuff over there at Valley Parking.
Guess where they're fixing it.
You guessed it.
Tropical Chevrolet.
And when they bring it back as in tomorrow,
it's going to look like brand new.
And in the meantime, what have I got?
I got a nice, loner car from them.
Currency of Tropical Chevrolet.
That's the way they treat you.
And you can get there from anywhere in South Florida.
You don't have to be right here in the heart of Miami.
It's from Kendall, 50 minutes from Hollywood,
20 minutes from Fort Lauderdale, 10 minutes from Miami Beach.
Stop by and see a dozen beautiful corvettes that are running a lot.
And I'm going to tell you,
just drive a Monte Carlo for a day or two,
and then drive a corvette and you'll say,
boy, there's nothing like a corvette.
God.
They've been in business 40 years at the same place,
so you know, they've been doing right by a lot of people.
Tropical Chevrolet.
Nobody can match them, especially when it comes to service.
88, 80 Biscayne Boulevard, Miami Shores.
In date calls 75, 4, 75, 51.
Outside of date, it's toll free.
1-800-525-75-11.
Use Talking Entertainment Radio.
610-W-I-L-O-D.
Brooke, I hate to break the news to you.
She brings me an applaigirl for my anniversary
with some of the grossest guys I've ever seen.
Oh, that ran into my lunch.
I-It!
Thanks, Chef, for it all though.
It was really good.
In fact, it might be better like love.
It's better the second time around.
Isn't that how that song goes?
Lunch is better the second time around.
1128-W-I-D.
Is everybody having a good time yet or what, huh?
Tell Bob Green, don't come in here in the middle of my show ever again.
Okay, just tell him to stay clear of this room.
You know, Friday was nice, but you know what?
It's like putting a little band-aid on the Titanic.
It's like a little cosmetic.
A little gesture was very nice.
I appreciated it.
I'm not a hard ass.
I had a great time.
But life goes on.
It was like a once in a lifetime thing.
Okay?
Because there ain't going to be another 20 years
that you go to the bank on that.
But in the meantime, we got like a massive hemorrhaging going on.
And this guy's like, what do you think?
Do you see that thing up in Atlanta?
Bob, they Alan Keys.
They locked them out of the studio at WSP.
I don't care about WSP, okay?
Stop living in the past.
You're not at WSP.
You're not in Atlanta.
Thank God.
I'll to kiss the ground for that.
What a place that is, Dennis.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. Happy forum, buddy.
Thanks.
Hey, I got something to tell you about all these religious fundamentalist extremist guys.
Yeah.
You know what you can say to them?
Do just put them all off.
Just tell them, you know, the Jews, the Christians, and the Muslims.
Their God is all the same one.
It's your name, God.
And if you tell them that.
The same sick twisted perverted God that is causing all this murder and mayhem
and kids to be blown up on buses and created this devil.
So we can have like a really exciting time instead of having it.
Seriously, instead of having it paradise and everybody like really, you know,
having a wonderful time.
We got cancer, we got the plague, we got everything you can imagine.
I know what it's like.
It's all because it is wonderful God.
But if you tell them that their God is the same one as the Jews or the Christians
or the Muslims, they will go nuts.
Yeah.
They go nuts.
They already got there.
Well, I know that.
Great show Friday.
Great show.
Yeah, great time.
Yeah.
Too bad we couldn't stretch that show out for a couple of months and expanded the enjoyment.
Well, sorry you got all these.
Because the pain and suffering here, man, is just incalculable.
You just, in fact, as I sit here right now enjoying my delicious free lunch,
I'm thinking to myself, you know, even more, the twig, lasting 20 years on a year here,
which is nothing but an outdoor funeral parlor, which is what I called it the first.
Seriously, the first week that I was on a year at KAT, at the end of the week,
I said, this is an outdoor funeral parlor.
And of course all the old parts on the beach were like, up at arms and having a nervous breakdown.
And please, excuse me, there are philosophy bags.
That's right.
That's what that, that's it.
It's a dead head plane.
It's a place for geeks who are like wandered in illegally on the shores somewhere.
And a place for old people waiting to die.
I'm going to tell you something, Neil.
I've born here and I lived here for 23 years.
And I would trade it off and the panthers and the heat.
And every damn thing else, they got to take one tourist in this place.
If we could give it all the crime and all the crap.
There you go.
Just make it a civilized place to live.
Then we can start worried about bringing in a crap, whatever it is.
That's right. All right, Neil, you keep it on going, buddy.
Okay, well, have a great life.
Open line in date, 751 WYOD.
We got one in Broward, 524.
Just like I said on the green lines, look at our guys up there in Palm Beach.
I'm going to tell you right now, market on the calendar.
Next time we got good stuff to give away, even bad stuff to give away.
If anybody in Palm Beach, which is a state of Palm Beach station anyway,
this is a Dayton Broward station and maybe 10 drunks down in the keys.
That's it.
If you ever catch me giving anything away to anybody in Palm Beach besides a headache,
please put a goddamn billboard up and say,
Neil's an asshole and I'll say, you're absolutely right.
Yes.
Here's Westchester. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
By the way, you do have balance in your show.
No, I don't.
The only balance comes from me.
It doesn't come from the audience.
No, no, no, that's what I'm talking about.
No, you bring balance.
The colors keep directing it back.
But have you ever seen a herd in a cliff
and the sheep will follow the leader right over the cliff?
Or you see the flamingos that hire Lee, the guy, the trainer blows the whistle
when it's time to feed them and they all no matter where they are,
they all goose to it, they get in the line and they follow him around and yeah, that FC...
That's human nature and you know those who have power want more,
those who don't want it and you know,
people have an idealistic view of the past.
As you, I think you made a very good point.
What we're seeing today is nothing what we haven't seen in the past.
And people have to, you know, wake up, but you know what?
That herd mentality and, you know,
and that's what this, this pound reflects more herd mentality than any I've ever seen.
You know, it really does.
There's just, there is no, there's nothing.
The only groups of people that you got here,
it's basically the Cubans who get all whipped up about the flochilla thing
and about all that crap that went on over the weekend and it was a bunch of crap.
But that's herd mentality.
But again, that's the only group of people that we got that get like emotional and involved
and those Cuban radio stations can go on here and they can whip up thousands of people
into a frenzy like a matter of moments.
But the rest of this community no matter what it is that you're desperately trying to get them,
even just a little bit excited about, forget it, it never gonna happen, okay?
You can go to the bank. That's the one thing I've learned here in the 20 years that I've been here,
except for, you know, ethnic elements in this town.
If you try to get like the majority of the people living in Dayton Broward,
like really whipped up about anything, forget it, it's never gonna happen.
And that's why this town continues to get more and more and more like a toilet every minute of every day
and nobody lifts a finger or says a word about it and Joe Carroyo is busy trying to save face
and he's gonna build an arena with 15 cents in Dave County.
But at least you bring a little white wine.
You can't even walk on a goddamn street anywhere in this town and feel safe
and this guy's worried about building an arena because their feelings are heard
because they're a bunch of assholes.
He's a politician.
Because they can't do anything right.
Yeah, but he's a politician.
He's an asshole is what he is.
He's a disaster. He's a panderer and an asshole.
That's Joe Carroyo.
That's a politician.
Anyway, you bring some, you really bring, you know, a nice light to the community though.
A nice light, like a flashlight.
Well, somebody get us some batteries.
They're dying.
At least somebody's trying.
You have a real nice day now.
Thanks.
Take care.
See ya.
That thing on Friday, see I want to point something out to you, okay?
Which you should know and some of you doing some are too stupid to understand it.
The thing on Friday, it was all orchestrated.
Which I appreciate.
I mean, you know, it took a lot of hard work and a lot of effort by a bunch of people
to get those people to call in, to get them to come in, to get all the food in.
That was like a happening.
It was an event.
It wasn't something that happened spontaneously here.
It would never happen spontaneously here in a million years for anybody.
They could add the Pope.
They could add any of the Pope sitting here.
And it wouldn't happen.
It just doesn't happen.
It's just not that kind of a place.
It is what it is.
Like in Godfather 3, and El Pacino says to Vincent.
He says, you are what you are.
You're your father's son.
You are what you are.
That's what I want to say to this town.
You are what you are, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
That's this town.
It is what it is.
How's Jackie Lee doing by the way?
How's that Jeff Cohen doing?
And what the hell does he want?
It's 1135 at WIOD.
Drive concepts.
Maybe there is a beacon of light in the darkness for you.
Here's one business.
They've been on here with me for years and years.
And one of the reasons it's a two-way street is because number one,
I get them a lot of business.
And number two, I'm proud and pleased to have them on because they do great for everybody.
Even in my house.
Even in my mama's house.
Your mama?
That's right, my mama.
Even in her house, they did a phenomenal job.
Maybe her carpets look like new.
She is still clueling.
Even on this day of poor him, she is clueling and curing out about how her carpets never looked better since the day they were put down on the floor.
And you'll be saying exactly the same thing because they have their exclusive dry cleaning method.
They suck out the deep down dirt that sorrel that's left down in there.
So there's no residue to attract any more dirt.
And your carpets stay cleaner or hell of a lot longer.
They apply a disinfectant as they're doing the job.
And they make a long story short.
Nobody, nowhere in the world, does a job like this.
At a fair price, a written guaranteed price upfront before they touch a single thing.
So if your carpets are kind of schmutzy, maybe you've had some auto-town people in for the holidays over the winter or whatever it is.
Pick up the phone and call dry concepts and clean up your act right away.
In Dade County, call 9303636, 9303636, in Broward 581 4739.
581 4739, in Palm Beach, 930 4739, the one the only, the best, dry concepts.
And when you call, be sure to ask them about floro-solve, the unique fabric protection system to guard against spills on your carpets too.
610 WIOD News is watching South Florida.
We're watching the White House and Congress.
We're poised for what happens next.
The best news, news talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
So there's a big piece here on the Harold TV page today about how Brian Andrews, former WIOD news ace in the morning along with his colleague Adam Kirschner.
Brian Andrews now have channel seven news who seems to be hopping up and floating around just about everywhere.
When he was covering the flotilla over the weekend, they spelled it F-L-O-A-T-I-L-A.
That's the kind of flotilla.
He's so emotional now and he was so impressed by the courage and the passion of the Cubans who went down there to drop their flowers into water and potski around on there and make a big statement and get all emotional again for the eight minute of time.
And of course then you read into it and you find out it was in Key West at the reporter's state.
That's right.
It says although all of the news crews covering the flotilla shared essentially the same experiences in Key West doubling up in hotel rooms because Key West was already filled with college students for spring break and having only a couple of hours to sleep anyway.
Does that start to pray to picture why Brian had such a good time?
We're not talking about women.
I'll bet.
Two open lines in date, 7519-463, one on a purple line, pound IOD. Come on, let's get with it. Let's get with the hockey fans. Let's go.
So here's a Dr. Ratkins cheesecake from our friend chef Ronaldo. I run your yours and this one's only got six grams of carbohydrates for the entire cake.
Okay, here's a lady mobile in the Jupiter. Hello.
Hey, what a phone you've got. Bad connection to worse. Now it's better.
You want to what?
I have a little disagreement with you about religion. Yeah, I'm listening.
What? Why are cracking on religion?
In other words, I can't give my opinion. Is that what you tell me?
Yeah, you can give your opinion. I'm just disagreeing with you.
But you're not saying anything. You're asking me why am I racking on religion? Why don't you tell me, you know, disagree with something that I said?
Okay, well, you said that religion deepened. Religious people should just accept things and that they're told just accept them. I can't speak for other churches.
That isn't what I said. I didn't say anything remotely like that, man. I didn't say anything remotely like that at all. Can you hear me?
Yeah, but you can't talk at the same time that I am. I can't hear you on talking.
Exactly. That's a very good point. You can't hear me while you're talking. And let me say it again.
Don't put words or anything else in my mouth. That's not what I said. Okay. What did you say?
I said that people are going to throw away all the fairy tales into baloney and start taking matters in their own hands and start dealing with the problems of the world.
Instead of believing in some goblins and prayer and all this supernatural bull crap, because that's what it is. That's what I said.
You also said that religious people believe that God put these evil things on the earth and we have to accept them.
No, I did not say anybody should accept them. That's not what I said.
You said that religious people think that. Religious people believe it's all part of God's plan. That's right. God of the devil and all these other fairy tales for 10-year-olds, right?
Religious people also believe that if things happen, you should do something about it. And I like it.
And what are you doing about it? Besides blowing up abortion clinics?
I disagree with it. If there's something else that I don't like, I usually speak my mind about it or try to do something and help somebody out of it.
Yeah. What are the religions doing about all the people who are starving all over the world?
They're busy bombing abortion clinics and telling everybody that their sinners aren't going to go to hell and putting out a bunch of TV shows so they can raise more money to buy more TV licenses.
What are they doing about all these problems?
Well, everybody's got to do what they're going to do. I'm not the one bombing abortion clinic.
What about all the religion that's over there in Ireland who are busy bombing each other?
What about the Jews and the Arabs in the Middle East are busy blowing up kids on school buses? What about that?
I think it's really bad. People should bully color up just because they don't agree with them.
Yeah. Let's religion for us, sweetheart. That's what it's all about, honey, is religion. That's what it's all about.
And have a great day. You're a simple and I left Iran for a long time even though I could barely hear her.
So don't tell me all you know if you disagree, you won't put you on. If she had something to say and I could hear what else she was saying, it would have been a conversation but was neither of the above.
And that's what you get. Just just kaka just double talk.
And that's why they won't call this show. They'll call some fictitious character that Philip put on here that gets some whip up and we'll friends in.
They'll argue with somebody that don't even exist and then talk about how stupid that somebody that don't even exist is even though they're the ones who are stupid.
We have an open line in date, seven, five, one. We got two on a green lines, one eight hundred nine, four, four, nine, four, six, three.
Now what the hell does he want? What are you doing calling here? Well, what am I doing calling here? Jesus God almighty.
I wasn't one of the people that were orchestrated to call on Friday and I can get it. But you already called me to wish me a happy anniversary, Mike Spindell.
Oh, did I call up Dr. Bellos? Okay, take care. See ya. Just kidding. What do you want? What do you want?
No, I just wanted to wish I had 20. You called me ahead of time. Well, I called you how long ahead of time on a cell phone as a matter of fact. Yeah.
And waited a long time just to say a lot of things and then of course I hear this beautifully orchestrated show on Friday and I really enjoyed it. I liked what I heard.
Yeah, but Dr. Jan Bellos was not. Dr. Ben Dover. Yeah, he was not either. Yeah, I know a lot of people. And I was kind of thinking of a lot of the folks that are just like,
there were no longer with us. I got a card from Reverend Emma, by the way. Reverend Emma. You're kidding me. No. The one that used to smut that over the face. Right. Unbelievable. Well, the only thing I was just trying to say real quickly is that we were talking about a lot of the polarizers.
And you've been mentioning them. And what basically we're talking is like 400, 500,000 dollars were spent on the float teller and the people had to go back.
And the people that had a spend at the orange bowl and the police presence right there and then cleaning it up which after 60,000 people were in there doing God only knows what.
Yeah. And it just gets stranger and strange. If we could get hundreds of thousands of people to put as much energy into putting this community back together and cleaning this toilet of a town up, then we'd have something going on here, Mike.
That's the bottom line. And one of the other things that just crossed my mind real quickly is the fact that you take a look at the mentality. You look at the channel six news and you take a look at the way that they run their promos. They use two word promos to describe things crisis in Cuba.
But that's the basic mentality of the average viewer or the average listener. They can't go past what they see as a headline. And you know, everything is boiled down indeed at two words or three words as a promo.
And that is what the bottom line is. But again, I won't call you for another 20 years. Happy purse. And this is one of the reasons I guess as I turned 50 that I say to myself, what was it all about the years that I spent in radio? I didn't make a difference.
Well, what the hell is this all about now? What is it all about when I'm in the middle of an hour on my show and a general manager comes in here with a usual shot eating grin on his pose?
Neal, you want to do topics? Well, we don't have a conversation about this with him in the middle of the show while I got a mouth full of food with one hand. I'm trying to put a bit together to play to begin the next segment with the other hand.
Let's have an important conversation about this stuff. Let's find out if our program director is coherent enough to sit up straight in the chair.
Well, you have your problems. Oh my god. I wish you the best. You think you've seen some stuff, man. You ought to come in here. I've seen and heard quite a bit. You ought to come in,
I just for one day, Mike, you go out and you're going like that. Well, they won't hire me. What can I tell you? Thank God. We got enough crap. See you.
Mike Spindell just longing for those days when you go on your waves and do it again. Whatever it is he used to do. What do you used to do? I can't remember.
We have an open line in days, seven, five, one, nine, four, six, three, and we got two on agreements. How Stephanie doing by the way downstairs with that computer sheet? Let's get her act together.
You see one thing about this joint is that it just goes kind of like on slow cook all the time. It just kind of vegetates along and nobody says anything.
Oh, there's that knee. He's on the warpath. That's right. Cause we got a bunch of lazy people in his building who like sitting around on their ass eating free food.
Oh, is that what I'm doing? All right. Like I said,
but when it comes to, hey, here's part of your job. Here's what you're supposed to do every week. Here's what the talent requires to see every week in their box,
which was supposed to be twice a week down there, Stephanie. But now I see don't happen at all anymore. Get that thing in a thing over there. So we know what the hell is going on.
Okay. It's like these people are doing your favor when they do their job. That's what you're getting paid a check for every week.
Sweetheart. Not just for coming up here and smoothing for free food. Get her on a phone down there on her extension. Tell her we want that computer sheet up here by the end of the day.
If there isn't a goddamn person in management in this place will take the bull by the horns and I'll start doing it. Okay.
I'll start living up to my images. This relentless obnoxious hard knows piece of crap that just got a crappy attitude and starts a bitch and everybody.
I'll start doing it because there ain't nobody else in this building. We'll do it. They're too busy sitting around playing celebrity golf and with each other.
It's 1148 at W I O D news talk entertainment radio.
610 W I O D. Hey, if you're thinking of having sex without protection, you better think again.
Oh, this is banking me so hot. Me too. Come on. Let's go all the way right here in the back seat of your car. Sure.
Okay. Okay. You bring any protection protection. We're not going to have sex if you didn't bring protection.
Darn. Look. Having sex without wearing a condom is like jumping out of a plane without wearing a parachute. If you're not wearing one, you ain't getting none.
I'm getting even hotter than I was last night. Come on. Let's go all the way. I told you not unless you brought protection.
I did bring protection. Here. Oh, there. It's a parachute. A parachute.
Look, it's got a reservoir. That's the reserve suit. Paul my rip card, baby. Put your own rip card.
I always end up pulling my own rip card condoms. You're right.
I'm all think of them as little parachute for your penis. It's 1152 at W I O D.
We hope you having a great Tuesday out there. I just had a fantastic knockout lunch from a chef.
Roni, my greenery, Ronaldo from Roni, Roni, Roni, Roni, Roni, Roni. Well, that's a strange name.
You know, his name is chef, Roni, and a place is called Roni, Eris.
RO N I E R I S. It's a great place. And I don't have to give them any plugs because they're loaded all the time.
They just got more business than they can handle. They're at the Pembroke Pines on a corner of Pembroke Road and University.
And they served the low carbohydrate cheesecake. Their cheesecake, the whole cake has only got six grams.
It is really something. Here's a lady in Margate. Hello.
Yeah. I buy. You are a busy fellow. Listen, I have used concept for about five years. It's fantastic.
Right. Concepts? Yes. Yes.
Right. Really superior to the other. But what I wanted to say,
is it doesn't sound as if you're going anywhere. I got news, which is if I'm going anywhere.
Yeah. It's that I'm going home at two o'clock. No, you're not going to the York. Are you?
No. Who said I was going somewhere? I heard this.
On other words, you heard that crap on the field. Henry, show again that they played again on Sunday and you believe in it?
Yes, I did. I only wished that it were true. I want to tell you I told Norman about it.
And Norman, who? And Norman Kent. What are you? Like a professional Yenta?
Oh, okay. Yes. I was fine. Let me tell you.
Well, no, I just asked you the question. You gave me an honest answer. That's fine.
Following your trail and Norman's is the greatest following my intrails. Yeah.
Yeah. The greatest thing down here. Oh, yeah. Norman, he's a really great broadcaster. Make no mistake about that.
I like it. I'm just stick to the law practice. Okay. I'm going to go out and do an honest job and stop pretending to be a broadcaster.
I think he's enlightening. Yeah. He's light bulb, not lightning, light bulb.
But I'm glad to hear, but anyhow, he embarrassed me. Yeah.
That should have been tough. Yeah. He would have known it if it was true.
Yeah. And what else? I want to scold you for blaming God.
I'm a Middle Eastern devoted spiritual devotee. Okay.
Devotee of what? The Middle East, especially these days, is a good place to see where belief in God really comes in hand.
Maybe we should call it the Far East. It's in the Far East.
Yes. And how about shintoism? I think they have one letter to many of you.
So that Moses, your Lord, your law enforcement. How about jujubeans?
Amosus. How about jujube? You make no sense to me.
You want to plant what you sow? You will.
You know something? All these little platitudes, all these little sayings, all these little bubble mice.
Well, they don't solve the real problems of all the people, all the real death and suffering and killing that's going on there all over the world.
So all these little sayings, all these little things you put on bumper stickers.
No, no, no. I don't do that. I don't do that.
My boss is a jujube carpenter. No. My boss is current carpenter.
I'm serious. Have a nice day, sweetheart. Get out of here. Kill me.
We have an open line indeed. 7519463. And we have one in Broward.
524 WIOD. That Norman Kentman. There's a broadcaster for our times. Make no mistake about that.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I just want to talk to you about some real issues since you're having so many problems getting some intelligent people on top of you.
I can't get these people off the dime for lover money, pal. This has got to be the dumbest audience on the face of the earth. I'm Tonya.
Well, I first say that I'm a diehard dolphin fan. Yeah.
Dan Moreno is probably the best football player to ever touch a pig.
My job, dad. Yeah. And Jimmy Johnson is probably the best coach ever.
Well, we'll see. Yeah, we will. But I'm with you. I give it all up if we could live in a town that's, you know, a livable society.
However, you know, this is just hypothetical BS. You know, what can we really do to solve the problems? That's what we need to talk about.
I'd like to have a little debate with you, you know, not a screaming match.
Yeah, that's something where you know, we're about all those millions of dollars that are being spent to build all these stadiums in arenas and all this other and to pay the salaries of all these juxtap how about building some new prisons that taking all the scum off the streets and putting them away for many, many, many years and people who want to be barbarians and uncivilized and have this desire to go out and do something fun like killing somebody because they felt like it was something they had to do just putting them away and separating the wheat from the chapter, the scum from the rest of us who want to live in a civilized place. How would that be? Amen. Yeah.
So there's one good answer right off the bat. There you go. But first of all, you know, I think the solution is, oh, let's look at the problem. You got liberalism in this country.
Ah, here we go. Liberalism. That's the problem. The liberal world. You talk about another brainwash tool. Oh, man. Here we go. Hey settle down. You know, you have a brainer. You just believe all the cops.
You know, you're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're
not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a criminal. You're not going to be a rally massacre normals. You're not going to be a criminal.
what he's been brainwash by the right now i have been brainwash i've seen it all
okay the media doesn't tell me what i think okay the liberal media now you
get even worse
the liberal media like who like uh... like william buckley
like every guy on on the national news yeah like robberton no back no back in
events those two not sees like pat you canon crossfire all those liberals
you got a handful of your example with your drill
but look at the way they cover all the stories i mean
they they they show all the debate can i tell you and i really mean this with
all due respect you don't have a brain
all you know seriously all you're doing is repeating firing back at me a lot of
cliches that you've been brainwash with it's the liberal media it's the liberal
welfare state it's this and any other
let me put a full wrap okay we had we had to let me just say i want to tell you
something we had twelve years of Ronald Reagan and George Bush
absolutely unadulterated fascism with a democratic congress it makes no
difference we had twelve years of supposed leadership from up there
Ronald Reagan took away the funding from the god damn nut houses they put all
those crazy people out there in the streets if you don't believe me just go to
New York and they're all wandering around with the little like that on the streets
you're talking madness you have no idea what you're talking about it let me
back now we've got now we got a republican congress
another than wanting to put the guns back in a hands of everybody on the streets
including oozee's never kind of gun that's ever been invented what the hell are
your republicans and congress doing about crime
nil you get to talk all the time listening i'm waiting for an answer you got 40
seconds the problem is that like i said the welfare system creates an incentive for
the parents not to be married you got kids running around what does that have to do with what i
just got to and they don't have any moral base yeah don't have they don't have care no it's only
the good one again the only people that have morals are the border hold on the poster boy
for liberalism bill Clinton i mean you know go listen to rush limb boys coming on right now as soon
as he starts using that cliche get a brain pal get an idea of yourself or you're starting to
going to start going around going left the dr dr dr dr dr dr this radio station in a box
and it takes real wio d my in fortutil learn it
use talking entertainment radio six ten w i don't do
