I take you out here right now and kick your goddamn teeth in.
I had a chick named Dave.
One day she flew away to Tijuana where the moon is below is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that mustn't slip.
To do it tell you how I feel for kids.
That feel for me.
So if you see K&G, one of...
I'll see you with Tijuana too.
Now if you see Kate, tell her I'm a Surrey State.
And the SEC won't let me sing this.
So I'm not gonna say now if you see Kate, take her hand.
Tell me say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K&G, you wanna...
Then I'll see you with Tijuana.
Go, wanna go, but gotta see with Tijuana too.
Oh my god.
Unbelievable.
You know, all I gotta do is fart on the ear and right away,
everybody in town is gonna diagnose the flavor of it.
Here is a whole package I just found in my box if I can say that.
And it says on the envelope, it's marked stamped urgent about 600 times a big minute envelope.
And it says on the envelope, you're itching because of the water.
Oi!
And what are these people peddling?
Here's another guy peddling something.
Multi-pure drinking water system.
See, when I see system, I see gigantic dollar signs.
Like a big, big, expensive swung of the dance.
You know what I'm saying?
And here's a letter, and I also got a long letter from Jackie Lee.
Hey, listen, Jack, get out of my life.
We'll get out of here.
I heard your show today, Thursday, as always.
And you mentioned the problem with your water filter system.
You mentioned the water thing.
Neil, I realize you probably will have a 1000 or so water...
Boba, Boba, you're looking for water.
Boba, Boba, Boba, Boba, Boba, it goes on and on and on.
I've tried to increase people's awareness of good water,
making the right choice.
I'm glad to see the importance of diet.
And maybe now, even though you had a filter,
now is the time to evolve.
Here we go.
Here comes the pitch.
Now is the time to evolve into a quality water filter system.
This is different.
I'm not rich.
I don't mean fat rich, but I'm not rich.
But I'll be more than glad to work with you to see that you get what you want and you're happy.
Yeah?
How's JC doing?
That's what I want.
I mentioned that because you were somewhat inferring that you would not reject a freebie.
Hey, I never reject a freebie.
But more importantly, he's looking at quality, et cetera,
and someone who's been in his business for nine years.
So everybody is pitching me and he's got all this literature in here.
He's got his car.
Thank you so much, Hal.
You're a hell of a guy.
I don't know.
I'll have to think about it.
I'm itching because of the water.
How come I haven't been itching because of the water for the last several weeks?
Now let me ask you this question.
The water that comes out of that tap has been going for the first four years.
I lived in that house through that geo lay thing, which I shouldn't have mentioned the name on the year,
but I will anyway, which is now a Schlumberger or something like that.
Where does that water go?
Does that water also go out of that thing to the rest of the house like into my showers and into my everything?
Huh?
It depends on how they have it routed.
It's in your kitchen, isn't it?
It's under the sink.
It's a big thing.
It's going to your kitchen water.
It just goes through the kitchen water and the refrigerator and that's it.
So, so why would that have to do with anybody itching or anything else itching or bitching?
What would that have to do with anything?
You don't bathe in your kitchen sink?
Yeah, I was sure.
I put my dog on the right side and I get on the left side and my little dog underneath rub it up, right?
And of course, you know, what was that water have to do with anything?
Of course, it is the water my dogs are drinking.
See now I just give them another thaw I see your water your dogs drinking bad water now that's all right.
So I'll give them so lay how's that?
I'll start feeding my dogs bottled water just to show you off Mr. Hodja.
I'll start getting the most expensive bottled water I can in the store and feed my dogs bottled water.
I'll be giving them Evian.
How do you like that?
And mountain valley water for the dogs.
Instead of that direct that's coming out of my tap in there.
Oh, Jesus, you can just imagine what's in that.
But the shower, the water and my shower ain't coming through that filter anyway.
But hey, you're scratching because the water is bad, you're water is bad.
Let me say you're one of these $5,000 filter systems. They're the best.
Here's the call in sunrise. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great. Good afternoon.
You want to buy something? I got some little petaliyah something here.
Oh, no, not for the money.
On a water filter saw, we got some good, the medicated shampoo for you.
I'll keep the itch.
Okay.
Hey, there's one.
You know something now I don't even itch anymore.
I, I, I had a dog for like eight years at my mom's place in Lauderdog.
And we never had any problems with the, you know, the himitching himself is in a water.
That's ridiculous.
Absolutely ridiculous.
But your dog never itched?
Well, not, you know, not from the water.
Well, how do you know?
Please install.
Oh, you had fleas.
Oh, it's you know, because we had that, you know, he goes on the grass and you know, they just kind of, you know,
because the people next door had these two big dogs and they never washed them.
Oh, so in other words, your neighbor's next door is their dogs at fleas and they spread over to your lawn.
Well, I got news for you.
And it was nothing but a bug.
I got news for you.
If my neighbors ever have fleas, we've got a solution for that problem.
Oh, I, I was out there for many times trying to shoot them, but you know, I can't shoot a dog.
I'm not talking about the dog.
I'm talking about the neighbors.
Well, you know, then I go to jail because you know, I'm just a decent working guy, you know.
Yeah, that's a good thing.
I don't know if you can try to make a public service medal for it.
I think they should shoot that guy to cut in front of the bus yesterday.
Yeah, that was nice.
Oh, my God.
Big yellow Cadillac.
You see that?
Oh, yeah.
How do you like that?
Big Ju Canood there.
Oh, my God.
What's the guy been in three fatal accidents, but are not fatal accidents, but three at fault accidents before and his life?
Well, that's not bad.
That's par for the course down here.
Oh, man.
What a place.
Oh, man, if that doesn't want to, you know, make it well.
Well, he just had to make an abrupt move.
You know, he was a busy scratching himself.
Oh, I want to get over there.
Oh, yeah.
And we're going to be worst intersection in the world too.
Right down there, 595 in university, that whole place when she get around the town.
He was only 77 years old this guy.
I'm sure he had perfect vision.
She wrote me.
He was only 77.
Excellent reflexes, you know.
Right.
Oh, my God.
Oh, you've a.
Hey, there's one boy.
There's one thing we got to consider here.
A full buddy butt buys the Panthers.
Yeah.
Maybe he'll get rid of the Panther Patrol.
Yeah.
You know, that's a Wayne thing.
I know that.
You know, because he's got a great role.
Don't you remember what they call that thing at the Marlins in the beginning?
The Bleacher Brigade.
The Bleacher Brigade, but they had a thing.
Oh, they did the Hoki Poke at the end of the fifth inning.
Oh, no!
And that lasted about two games.
And then all of us got on here and said, hey, quit the Hoki Poke, baby.
That's the most embarrassing thing.
I don't go.
Only that kid Eddie from the UM swim team was on the Hoki Poke group,
but he can Hoki Poke over here anytime he wants.
Oh, God.
Where are you, Eddie?
I've seen it, but I won't go to that anymore.
But I think he doesn't need something like that at the Dolphins, too.
He's got that juvenile crap everywhere you go.
Oh, it's.
He's got the same bunch of pre-phew-besson mentality crap.
That's his idea.
It sucks.
Yeah, he gets a $212 million arena and we get some free t-shirts.
I love it.
I love it.
Hey, can I psych around for a pair?
Anyway, let's see.
It goes on about it.
He had been cited for drinking, but was not cited for drunken driving.
Drunken driving.
He's been reading about all the other episodes in 82, 83, 86 for this 77-year-old guy.
Who had a little driving problem, it seems, that, you know.
Oh, I'd say it's a little bit more than a little driving.
Yeah, just a little problem.
Okay, where do you want to go and what do you want to do it with who?
I like it for the Ottawa Senators, too.
I'd love to see us win that one.
I got a cousin in town.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay.
I'm great weekend.
Okay.
Online four, we're just being agreeable.
How many is that?
Let me know when we're getting close on either one.
That's he wants the Ottawa game.
He wants to go see the Senators.
He wants to see Alexey Yashin.
He wants to see the great Damien Rhodes in the nets there.
Poor Dusty Rhodes, man.
What the penguins did to him last night in the first few minutes.
I mean, then they kind of coasted.
Thank God.
He left him alone for a while.
But poor Dusty Rhodes.
This kid's playing great.
Deliche should never let him go.
Just remember, I told you that they should have never let his ass go.
It's 1214 at WIOD.
If it's true, then he has the most toys wins.
Then the game is over.
Steven J. Gray has lots of toys.
For boys, Saturday mornings from 9 a.m. to noon.
On news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
George, you think that sounds really good, George?
Because today, last Friday was my 20th anniversary in case anybody missed it.
In case you forgot to send me something.
But Wayne Arnold and Murray, who are still good buddies of ours,
are come to find out.
We can't get rid of them.
But they brought in like a whole bunch of stuff without the buns.
And that's fine on the atkins, like the white hats in the bacon.
And the Anili burgers with cheese with like a little bit of onion.
And with no buns.
And point, that would hit the spot today.
It's kind of like the week after celebration.
Like a whole bunch of that stuff would be really great.
Wouldn't it?
That would be dynamite.
Personally, I think it's the pork and those white hats that makes you scratch like crazy.
I think it's trickin' osus.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I think half of Miami's scratching it right now.
I bet you they are.
It's strictly power suggestion.
You know what?
And then you start scratching up around your chin.
You know what?
A little stubble of beer to startin' to grow back.
You know what I say?
And you don't have no scratch at all.
It's just all mental.
I've been listening to you since 10 and I keep scratching around my eyes.
My teeth are really...
Oh, speaking it out, I listened to that show.
Yeah.
Did you really throw stuff all over the studio?
Evidently, a little bit.
A little bit of stuff.
In other words, he must have gotten into it so heavily that he got carried away
and actually started even in some crap.
I think he threw an empty soda can that still had some stuff and it spritzed all over a bunch of carts and all over the place.
Well...
You know, he just gets wound up in his work this guy.
Listen, I went to get a new idea, the driver's license place two years ago for my birthday.
My birthday was just today.
And I've seen some people walk in there that had to be older than my father.
Their birthday was yesterday?
Yeah.
And there were some people there.
They couldn't even walk through the doorway.
That's how old they were.
And they go out and get into great places.
Yeah, but he's one of my bit didn't have more than four or five serious accidents
and that probably caused a death of more than 20 or 30 people.
So what's so bad about that?
Usually when they run somebody over, they stay out there and they want to know what they did wrong.
After they kill five of these people.
Yeah. Right.
Or how did that happen?
Listen, I'm glad you liked the Recall I brought you.
You know who this is.
And I went in off I could get a pair of hockey tickets.
I liked the what?
The Recall or Comptrop.
Oh, yeah.
Could I get a pair of tickets?
Sure, no problem.
And I don't snore really often.
I'm going to tell you, let me warn people again.
If you get those Recall or Sugar free, which I did get the last week when I had the ticket in my throat,
when you get those and eat the whole bag and it doesn't have any sorbitol or anything listed on the ingredients and it has no sugar,
I got news for you, boy.
You better plan on spending a lot of time close to the house.
Because, man, oh, man, oh, man.
And what do I mean?
Wow.
What did I tell you when I brought you the regular one?
I said, I didn't want to take the chance with the ones with no sugar.
Oh.
I brought you the regular one.
I mean, I read the label so carefully and I wanted to make sure it didn't have anything a sorbitol or a zyletol or an emutol or any tall at all.
And it didn't.
And it made no difference because all of that stuff that's got like artificial sweeteners, man, I am telling you.
Well, let me tell you this.
I will try.
Candy duty reaction.
I was with literally.
I was with my parents today.
We went out to eat dinner and we were talking about you.
That incident you had at Denny's that one time?
Yeah.
We were talking about that.
Oakland, California.
That is one of the funniest stories.
Squirt, Squirt.
Yeah.
My dad listens to every day.
Hi, Andy.
How you doing, Andy?
He works on that.
Okay. And what came you going to?
It doesn't matter.
Okay. Hang on.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay. See what George Wartworth wants to send you.
There's Ricky Martin again looking pretty good if you don't look too close on letting MTV.
Would you people can't see anyway unless you got our, what is this?
Gold Coast.
Unless you got Gold Coast cable.
You can't see this.
That's why we don't hear from our good friend over there anymore.
The one that was going to redub that Luis Miguel tape.
I never bothered.
What does he need me for?
Gabe Baptiste.
And then of course I made a comment about his brother and we'll never see him again.
See all these sensitive young guys, you know, they get really nervous and real itchy.
Hey, I bet you Gabe Baptiste, younger brother.
I bet you he's itching and scratching right now just because I made those comments.
So what if I did say he looks pretty good?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
At least JC, you say, hey, here's a young guy that looks really great.
He's like ten times better than Brad Pitt.
And he opens the door says, hey, want some donuts?
He's got a sense of humor to his kid.
He's got a brain.
And Rick Rally sends him out there to smell feces.
How do you like that?
That's the Rick and Shud, a Shud Show.
Smellin' feces.
That a boy, Rick.
Talked 21 at WIOD and up.
Another Sunday night.
Another amateur tries a new career.
You know the line.
Keep your day jobs.
But listen Sunday nights at 11.
For Neil won't like it.
Sunday nights at 11.
A used time at the entertainment radio.
610.
WIOD.
Want a lollipop little boy?
Yeah.
Wing it.
Gawd.
When the Nazis reign, they reign.
Four panes.
Oh!
Now the KKK have good days because of you, Kenan.
Oh!
If you are yellow or purple or got forced in brown,
you'll be like Mussolini hanging upside down.
Oh!
You can lock and roll your guns with hat in power.
But if you want to kill those lights,
step into the showers.
And as your pre-things are cast and your rights are slipping away,
Aren't you glad that you voted for Pat today?
Pat, you can as well as all.
You have a let me say something, Chris.
Let me say something.
Prop 26 at WIOD.
Happy Friday to you, man.
We're solving all, let's see.
We did the medical profession, the legal profession,
the politicians, the economy, unemployment, crime,
venereal disease, drugs.
We solved those on Tuesday, Wednesday, and yesterday.
Today we're solving scabies and other creepy crawly things.
And itching and scratching and giving away a few hockey tickets.
How do you like that for a combo, huh?
So when's you going to get here about one o'clock?
Thanks, Murray, and Wayne.
We love you guys and we appreciate that $100 bill too.
Here's Dania.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
All right, good.
I don't want no tickets.
And I don't want to talk about no scabies.
And I just got a quick fire report for you.
Yeah.
You're wondering about a week and a half ago or so.
You wonder what happened to Barbara Eden?
She's doing movies for TV on Lifetime Channel.
She's doing movies for TV?
On Lifetime Channel.
Those are old movies.
Well, 91.
Yeah.
Anyway, she's still alive.
Oh, I know.
I love Barbara Eden.
She's great.
Oh, I know.
She is really just a neat person.
Yeah.
Not as nice as Elizabeth Bunkumry, but close.
Well, yeah.
Anyhow, where was I?
Oh, yeah.
A quick request that day or out the other week?
Yeah.
I guess George put on a parody of Whitney Houston.
All my songs sound the same.
Right.
That killed me.
I was laughing, Mike.
You never heard that before?
No.
God, almighty, wait till you're that President Garfield just
got a bad headache.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Well, if you play for me, I appreciate a lot.
I'd be delighted to play for it because I happen to love it because I can't stand Whitney Houston.
She makes me want to puke.
She gives me hemorrhoids and I start itching from head to toe.
Yeah, I can't stand her.
I just feel hard.
I scratch myself.
Boy, take care of Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, and have a great day.
See, there's a guy.
He didn't want anything while he did want something.
He didn't want nothing for free.
Well, he did want something for free.
You think they could make this book a little bit bigger, George?
I wouldn't use the smaller book.
Because it's more fun to use the bigger book than it falls on the floor and kills a lot of time.
This four cut 38.
I could have told you that.
I could have told you that right off the top of my head, not the cut number, but I could have told you what disco was on.
But hey, oh, gee, there goes on a four.
Yeah, oh.
See, we're going to see 10 seconds here, 20 seconds there.
You got almost a minute.
I'm taking notes.
See, one thing I want to tell you.
Okay, I may not know a lot, but one thing I know.
I know how to do a talk show.
Exactly.
Four Latter Day on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
When is Diaz?
Come on stop.
Come on, Volga.
Happy anniversary.
You can get a chance to call you alive.
Not so.
I just wanted to congratulate you.
And it's 20 years in this business is a good time.
20 years in this business?
How about the radio business?
How about 35 years in this business?
20 years in this town?
Well, 20 years.
That was only my 20th anniversary in this town.
But I've been doing this kind of crap and various other assorted crap for 35 years.
Well, I started in a small time town in Batavini or cleaned up, cleaned up, did everything.
But anyway, 20 years in this town is great.
I know how to do a talk show.
Yeah.
The panthe fans here have to get with it and follow the team no matter what.
Right.
I'm not, you know, something.
I don't even dignify these assholes who say, well, see what's wrong with the panthers.
Now they're losing some games they're going through a slump.
The Rangers are losing their ass every day.
The Leafs have been in a slump for two and a half months, which I don't think will ever end.
And every team in the league, even Detroit, which has got 100 points already,
started out the first 10 days of the season in the crapper.
They got their slump out of the way early and now they're great.
But everybody goes through it.
I grew up as a brilliant pan.
How about the penguins, those three weeks that they every game on the road,
they scored like nothing or one and got their ass kicked every night?
That's true.
And no matter, most of these teams, especially the bronze, I follow them growing up.
I mean, they have an terrible season, but every game is still sold out.
Right.
Well, it's just the fans up in the North, New York, Boston, Detroit.
They follow their teams no matter how they do it.
They are sold out at the Fleet Center, but a lot of those are corporate and a lot of them aren't showing up all today.
Now last night, they had 12,000.
The game was a sellout and they had 12,000 some of them show up with two feet of snow on the ground.
So you know, you're right.
There was a very big game for them and they did pull out a big win.
And they had, they were commenting that it was a miracle.
They had that many people show up because the weather was a nightmare
and they still had over 12,000 people in a snow on the sleet and the crab.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Lindsey, when he got injured, did he get injured before they've had this losing streak?
Yeah.
That's sensitive.
Before, really?
Okay, because I don't know that place.
We miss Billy Lindsey, but I would hate to be so extravagant and suggest that it's because he's out that we're, you know, losing all these games with can't score any goals.
Yeah.
You know, we miss him, but I think we're just going through an actual appeared.
We just can't stick it in there.
That's true.
And they need to keep it static in the goal.
We've been doing great.
Amen.
Amen.
I mean, the b-s are, you know, the b-s are nice to have him around there, but let's play the lukewarm hand anyway.
Yeah, they need to get some scores though.
Yeah.
Hey, cheers.
I'm getting some tickets.
Sure, no problem.
How did I know you were getting to that?
Hang on.
Which game you won?
Highly Islanders.
Islanders.
All right.
Hang on.
Purple line.
Send him to that game with that nice Jewish boy.
Number 72, Matt Yushniter.
That Canadian.
He's a Jewish frog.
Is that something or else, sir?
Water.
What is it?
So let's see, I had new water filter coming.
I got my shampoo and I got my scratching dog, et cetera.
And I got my shower head.
Remember when nobody knew my name.
I can't.
I can't move big stars.
Cause of fame.
I can make a hearth song in a building.
Taking no chances.
All I do is scream like I'm inside.
Oh my god.
Don't my songs all sound the same.
I can't believe that he falls down.
No.
My agent told me not to change.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
So I guess I'll keep on yelling.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm so sick
oooh
yes, I'm so so, soaro
orchestra 33 and WIUD, the most anxious Whitney Houston, one of the most
really irritating bullfax I've ever come to
cross, but hey, it's one of those things
figuratively speaking here's Miraar who's maior, hello
Hey, Nril
Yes, sir
I'd like to thank very much for the last ten years as far as listening to you.
You're welcome.
And the first ten were the good ones though.
Two bad you missed those.
They were great.
Take a defense team.
Yeah.
Moralists.
Yes they are.
And boy I'm Tony, let me thank Randy Maltes and my friends and take a defense team
again for sending me a beautiful plant with like orchids on it and all man.
What a thing that is.
You know, these plantation cops, you think you know, you want to feel sorry for them, you
know, after what happened, you know, news guys sitting in the bushes just to pin
you to go eight miles over speed limit.
Incredible.
What does that have to do with the other two guys?
Are we like mixing apples with tangerines now?
Well, you know, with Mandarin oranges.
You want to be there for support.
Yeah.
You want to be there for support, you know, and you stand behind the community and these
guys.
Well, let me say this to you.
Okay, that's not the individual orifice or not that I'm ever want to stick up for
porcars, but I mean, they don't make those decisions.
That's the people in charge who are really running a money, a money racket.
They're not running a law enforcement thing.
They're running a money, a grab and racket.
And that's what law enforcement is in the state of Florida from the FHP to you name any
individual police department.
That's what they're doing is they're writing tickets and that's what they're told to do.
Incredible.
Exactly.
Incredible.
Kevin Wallace knocking him dead.
Yeah.
And Bruce Ranger man.
Bruce Ranger is God this week, baby.
Not my favorite, but he's not my favorite either, but he's hotter in a pistol.
I'm just telling you right now, Bruce, he's doing it.
Yeah, one last thing.
Yes.
Take it to police.
Yes.
I appreciate it.
Four.
The Islanders Islanders.
I want you to say Bruce Ranger is God.
Ah, just say it.
Bruce Ranger is God.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you.
Okay, line one.
I mean, Bruce is kind of on the, you know, Jack Asin ways.
He's okay.
He's a good guy.
He's just a little uptight, a little bit nervous.
See, Bruce, when I was doing that stuff, they're on a handicap.
And it was supposed to be fun.
They had me on here because I'm a wise guy and a character and just cracking on some of
the drivers like I passed on, gased on, stuff like that.
You know, if I knew all that much about what was going on, I wouldn't be sitting here.
I'd be caching big triples every night like Fat Rich.
If I knew, you know, if I had the balls to make a bet up there once in a while, which I don't,
I have no, I'm sorry.
I got no confidence.
I just mind my own business.
Okay, give me 10 cents across the board.
And now I'll watch you cash the big ticket.
I just, you know, my money's too hard to come by.
Okay, I work like a dog four hours a day over a guy day.
I'm hot microphone talking to assholes every day.
I'll be damned if I'm going to throw it away.
When you're making the big bucks like Rich, then that's another story.
Then you can go up there.
You're betting five, six, $10,000 a race.
Then that's no problem at all.
1236 at WYOD.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Call me $50.
Okay, we played the other one.
Might as well play this too.
I got the discount.
You know what I'm saying?
Not even worth $100, unless you can, uh, do this.
Who that?
My name is Barry.
Sing like a fairy.
Yes.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm working on it, I'm going to play it.
I'm wearing stand-ex pants.
I'm trying to shrink it.
My songs are with me.
I had a series of big hits.
But that was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hit.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit that they own my albums.
Because my songs are queer.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Oh, mine knows you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got a hunker.
The size of young girls.
When I get a stumped up nose, I need to rest in here, hold it.
But now I'm on the cake.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticky.
My shnaz in your face.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Oh, mine knows you can fit half on the city of Atlanta.
Okay.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I'm curious.
The lane editor of the entertainment industry.
He's got a hoist for news.
Like a banana.
1242 at WIO Day.
The young in the horny is pretty intense today.
I just thought I would mention that and passing and hope got remarried.
And Nikki don't know it.
And it looks like Nikki is doing what's your name from behind there right in the living room.
And everybody's getting real upset and nervous about that.
And she's got a big smile on her.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
I don't want to say post.
Hello.
Oh, there's that line.
See, line five is screwed up.
When you make a note of that, there's something wrong with line five.
Sometimes it works.
But more often than not, it don't.
And you know, it's not the people on the other end.
They're the ones getting screwed up.
We apologize profusely to whoever winds up on line five because you wind up getting the shaft.
Even Isaac Hayes is embarrassed for you.
Okay, baby?
Isaac Hayes being embarrassed.
And don't be going around seeing, be this and be that.
Okay, I'd be good.
Don't be doing that.
Okay, because that'd be illiterate and that's bad.
And then you want to plop and hamburger that McDonald and you'd be pissed off and you'd be broke.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I was just checking.
Have you thought about the edge maybe being possibly from them switching a starter detergent or dry cleaners?
Or whoever does dry cleaners?
And I take my stuff to be dry clean?
I don't know.
Only thing I might try to take to be dry cleaners like a jacket or a sport jacket.
Do you think I take my clothes to the dry cleaners like my shirts and my clown pants?
Do you think I take them to the dry cleaners?
No, no, I don't know.
I got a washer and a dryer.
I got my tie.
I got my whisk.
Oh, okay.
Well, you have a sock.
Only all of my mother was babysitting my dog for a few days.
God only knows what kind of stuff she was using.
And what?
Because she's obsessed with bed stuff, with linens and sheets and blankets.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's my mother's fault.
And I know she's listening right now.
Quit pots getting around with my bedding, ma.
You're killing me and the dogs.
Yeah.
I think you got it.
I think you will hit on it.
Well, thank you very much.
Do you have any more tickets left?
Hey, how can I turn you down after coming up with a solution like that?
That's what I said to JC this morning.
Okay, which game do you want to go to?
Islanders, please.
Islanders game.
Here's a guy that wants to go see those painted ass islanders with Wendell Clark.
Maybe if he's still around, I hope not.
Hang on.
Thank you.
Hope he's wearing at number 17 on the Maple Leafs by that time.
Lion 3, take care of that guy.
He wants a couple of free tickets to go see a guy named hockey game.
There's a guy with some good taste with some taste.
Not another one of these putt whackers that wants to talk about football in the middle of this march.
And Barry Jackson writes in that in Sipham column this morning in a herald.
Oh, yeah.
Alda Talk station's a sports station's around the country.
They're still talking about football.
Well, guess what, Barry?
They're not because I've heard them and they're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
And he uses it.
Landers, an example.
Well, last time I checked the Barry and Landers got like a minor league hockey team.
They used to have the flames 500 years ago when Jigsmecht Adel was a baby.
Okay.
But you wouldn't know nothing about that.
Because you're just a big fat couch potato that sits there on mommy sofa all day calling up Jeff Rimmer at home.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
What's up?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you hear on the other station 560, that guy stealing your thunder.
Which asshole is that?
Rock a little kid.
The little twerp that Pimpley faced the pre-pubescent asshole from Buffalo.
He doesn't know anything about that.
He stealing what material?
He's, that's his maple, he's now.
Oh, yeah.
My maple, he was there last night.
Well, I'm glad somebody wants to take credit for him.
And he was stealing films in here.
Now, Phil goes for our cask.
Don't you understand?
It's like a little child radio station.
Don't you understand that?
It's a baby station.
Well, he was saying something about the dolphins.
Like they were going to be terrible.
Then he recanted like two days ago.
And said they were going to be awesome because they gave away a fifth round pick.
You know, he was just being sarcastic.
He was stealing film.
Now, why are you listening?
Why are you listening to the film?
I don't know, man.
And get a life.
Find something to do.
Okay, get yourself a pocket rocket.
Turn on the sport to the sex bitch and do something useful during that time.
Hey, I'll at least try to do it.
You know that there's a sports sports and the
sports sports in Atlantic Boulevard.
Dude, an asshole.
I just thought you had to pitch for a game.
You sign my hat.
Yeah.
And I said thanks a lot.
So I've been wearing all over the place.
So I went there.
I went there to get a couple hats, Panther hats.
And the guy saw a signature.
He's like, oh, who'd you get to find that?
I was like, he's like, what player is that?
It's like no player.
It's like this Neil, man.
He's like Neil Rogers.
I was like, yeah, he's like, get out.
I was like, what's hell you thought?
Get out.
Get out.
Get out.
Get out.
Because I signed your cap.
It's like you listen to that dude.
I was like, yeah, I look forward on that once before.
What's the name of the place?
Sorts sports.
Sorts sports.
Some bald headed ass sports.
Yeah, I'm a Atlantic Boulevard.
Do not go there.
What a jackass.
Dude, I was like, what is his problem?
I don't know.
Is he anti-Semitic?
Yeah.
I was like, take your hat.
And stick it up your ass, right?
Hey, I'm Wendell Clark.
Yeah.
Wendell Traden Deadline.
The 20th.
The 20th.
12 days.
Now, Chicago Detroit after.
Chicago's after-em-de-troid and the Leafs need him back desperately.
And of course, the rumor is because the Leafs have this...
They have an acupuncturist that used to work on Wendell's back and they know how to keep him healthy, better than anybody else.
That's cool.
So the rumor is they got the inside track there.
But every day you hear different stories.
Yeah, what do they say?
The Leafs need him badly.
They need him desperately.
They need him out Wendell back.
Yeah.
Yeah, Felix getting lonely in there.
That's right, Felix is getting like going into his shock now.
Anyone who got a sucker off his intake?
Which game you want to see, pal?
Islanders.
Islanders, okay.
Okay, a real girls team.
Okay, hang on.
All right, me up there.
Okay, hang on.
Line 7, take care of that guy.
Let's find out about that sort sports guy, huh?
Get out of here.
What does that mean?
Has my autograph on a cap?
Oh, I don't want your business because you will listen to that fact.
It will.
That's too damn bad, okay?
This is the hockey station.
I hate to bring the news to you, okay?
That 5'60", they would know a hockey puck if you jammed 85 of them up their ass,
including autographs by Frank Mahavallich and Peter Stemkowski.
And Jim McKenney and Jim Dory.
And Daryl Sittler and Adolf Hitler.
1248 at WIOD.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
6'10", WIOD.
I hope.
Oh, sorry.
1251 at WIOD, where are we moving to next, Dessena?
So let's do a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I don't know anything about dogs, but I had scabies several years ago.
You had scabies?
Yeah.
What a disgusting sounding thing, isn't that a horrible word?
And you know, I got a little boy friend who was a carrier and didn't have the symptoms.
Yeah.
And you mean there are people who are carriers of scabies and they don't have the symptoms?
That's what the doctor said.
And I told him, and he didn't want to do anything about it.
So obviously that was the last time I rolled with him.
Yeah.
But did anyone tell you how the doctor's diagnosed that?
No.
Okay, they take a little skin scraping and they look at it under the microscope.
Yeah.
And you see that the microscopic bug which has like a little round body and it's totally surrounded with little legs.
Huh.
It's like a crab.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like a skin crab.
Now let me ask you, within my experience, I didn't have any wealth.
I didn't have any signs on top of my skin, but at night the itching was much more severe than today.
Oh really?
I definitely don't have that.
Now this is just an isolated, you know what I'm saying?
I began to think it's mental now because just since you started talking about it again like my arm is itching, you know?
This is definitely mental.
And I have my mouth open.
But I just want to let you know how they die.
So what did you do to get rid of it?
They gave me that cream which I don't remember being all sticky and gooey like that male nurse said.
Yeah, he was probably thinking about something else.
You know those male nurses.
But yeah, you put the cream, you have to cover every inch of skin on your body.
And even your rectum, wow.
Yeah, you got it.
And everything but your scalp and let it, I thought it was like 24 hours.
I know I had to miss a shower.
Yeah.
And you had to miss a shower?
Yeah.
Oh, that was great.
Well, I took off work.
But then they had said that the itching would stop in like two weeks, but it stopped immediately.
Yeah.
But you know what I think it is?
I think I'm allergic to some of the chemicals in those dynamite light cigars.
That could be.
No, George is, George is smiling, but I'm not saying that facetiously I believe that.
There are definitely, and I've had this happen before, there are different kinds of cigars that have chemicals in them.
In fact, on the label on those particular cigars, it says it has like a crappin' it, you know?
It's not made from all natural leaf, whatever.
Well, is that from the brain, the tobacco field?
Is that from the brain, the tobacco field?
No, that's like added in.
Oh.
When a manufacturer, could they want to make sure if the tobacco doesn't give you cancer that the chemicals do?
Of course.
I used to smoke cigars.
Did you?
Yeah, I love them.
They're minicons cigars.
Oh, Dominican.
I know, it started out as a joke, someone gave me a cigar, and I liked it, so they used to bring them to me.
Most of the cigars people give me are these real big, gigantic, they look like something you would stick in an elephant's...
Brackdom, you know what I'm saying?
Like, suppositories.
They're just too big.
Oh, I don't know how anybody can do a number like that.
Well, these were big and I enjoyed it.
Or a cigarette.
Well listen, have a great day and I'm glad you got ready your creepy crawlies.
Well, one more thing, I really appreciate some hockey tickets.
Oh, would you?
Well, do you turn me on to hockey?
I never knew anything about the game, and I still don't know very much, but I think they'll be fit there.
Well, they fit right in there then, you fit very imperfect at the arena.
And...
We got a beautiful crowd there, but they don't know nothing, that's all right.
Yeah, well, I'm one of the best.
Okay, which game you want to go to?
The Ottawa Senators, or you want to see the New York Islanders?
Well, everyone's asking for the islander.
So you want to go see the Ottawa Senators, which is almost a guaranteed win for us, so hang on.
Okay, thank you.
Line three, take care of that very nice lady and make sure she don't have scabies
before we give her the tickets or letter inside the arena.
Wouldn't that be something?
14,703 people here tonight, they all go home and scratch and then itch and we got scabies.
Now, she's all right.
She isn't...
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
How are you, Nail?
Okay.
I haven't been able to listen to you, I've been busy, but I did catch a little bit of that show last Friday.
Yeah.
I've been meeting to call you to ask you what it was like to be reunited with the bird brain.
It was an experience.
Yeah, I mean...
It was okay, I could handle it for four hours.
There were a lot of other diversions and stuff going on.
It was okay.
Not something you'd want to do on a very regular basis.
I was going to say no future plans for a re-
No, no sir.
Trust me.
Um...
Shoot.
Any chance to get in some tickets?
In other words, you forgot your...
You forgot the bogus material, you were going to fill in between with that comment and asking for the tickets, right?
Yes, some other crap made up pretending you really wanted to talk to me, but that's okay, I understand.
Actually, I do a better job normally in talking to you, but I am a little...
A little tongue-tie, but nevertheless, okay, you want to see the islanders I take it?
That'd be great, Nail.
Or the senators.
It doesn't matter to me.
How about the Washington senators?
Okay, hang on.
You decided with George.
Thank you.
Okay, line seven.
Tell them whatever you want to tell them.
Now, keep me posted.
I want we got in there because I don't want to be given away stuff we don't have to give away because then we get the listeners really pissed off.
And then they start calling Sarah and getting all the bad out of shape with the people there in promotions and all that stuff.
And we sure as hell wouldn't want that to happen.
By the way, don't forget this very, very important.
On Fridays during the month of March, oh, let me get this thing off here and I'll put it back.
Okay?
Oh, I won't put it back.
Well, try on Fridays during the month of March.
We're going to be stopping by offices, work sites, etc and delivering free Duncan donuts here from W.I.O.D.
And an armored car.
And I'm going to tell you the best part of it is that JC our fine young intern here who's interning and being picked on.
I guess he's going to be the one bringing to the donuts.
So that alone is worth trust me.
Now, let's see.
We were we already did that one today.
So what am I supposed to say here?
What am I supposed to tell you?
On Wednesdays in March, the armored truck will be doing stops at busy intersections.
We'll be distributing a free Duncan donut to people stopping to buy newspapers.
This coming Wednesday the 13th, the armored truck will be at the following intersection from 7 to 9 in the morning.
17th Street and Federal Highway.
That's useless one in Fort Lauderdale.
17th and Federal, US one in Fort Lauderdale between 7 to 9 on Wednesday morning.
Look for JC and treat him nice.
Okay? He might pop you a little a little donut and you're pushed while you're buying your morning newspaper.
So did you hang up on that guy or what?
On what guy?
No.
What line was he on?
7.
And I had my bottom.
It was ringing. Somebody else was already calling it.
Hey, listen, I put him on hold like everybody else and if he got disconnected, I mean, that's just an active god.
I guess you'll have to try to get back in, which I doubt that he will, but I sure as hell didn't hang up on him.
No way Jose. No way Jorge. I did not do that.
Here's the, I got to read that memo again, by the way.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a first time caller. I love you happy anniversary.
Thanks.
I have nothing to say except I would love to take us. I've never gone to a game.
Yeah, but that's not good. See that?
I know that it's a pleasure to come.
I know that it's a pleasure to come.
We've had a pretty exciting rat and festive bug and festive show here today.
We've been talking skabies and rabies and it's really been, I just didn't want to take up your time.
But I want you to take up my time.
I'd like to make these other bastards wait a little while.
But I had to get a new call. That's why I've never called.
Why does it so hard for you to call them?
I'm not, I'm really not a scary guy other than to look at, but I'm not a scary guy.
Well, you're more intimidating than Rick and Suz or...
Well, let's, you know, I'm more intimidating than Phil.
No, I enjoy the show.
I've got Phil.
How could anybody be more intimidating than Phil?
I just love you, Phil, but you, you know, I love your show.
But I'm a heartless, you think. I'm really a hell of a sweet guy.
God, I'll just serve it. It took me to call. I swear to God. You don't know how nervous I am.
But no, don't you see how easy it was?
Yes, you're a sweetheart.
I am.
God, this was so easy.
I love you, Neil.
Beautiful. I wish you any want to see.
All of the islanders. I've never been to a game.
Yeah.
So I know that the islanders, I watch the scores all the time.
I'm really a panther's fan, but I don't understand hockey.
That's good. That's what you see the audience play.
Generally, it doesn't have too much to do with hockey anyway.
Well, what do you think would be a better game for you?
No, no, that's the one. I'm kidding. They're playing pretty good now.
You'll love it. It's on the 21st, and I'll see you then and hang on.
Oh, don't, don't, don't cut me off, please.
What do you mean don't?
Well, you just cut me off and I'm afraid I'm...
No, I'm putting you on hold.
Oh, I love you, Neil.
Hang on.
Bye.
Don't talk yourself out of these.
Okay.
Okay. See, she's on hold. Voila.
She's on line three and take good care of her if, uh...
You want me to never let the facts change at damn good opinion.
W-I-O-D, Miami Ford Lutterdale.
Use, talk, and entertainment radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
Why? It's the one to two hours.
I broke, but I'm happy. I'm poor, but I'm can.
I'm short, but I'm healthy. Yeah!
I'm hot, but I'm grounded. I'm sane.
But I'm overwhelmed. I'm lost, but I'm a full baby.
What all comes down to?
Is everything all reputting by the fight?
Oh, my God, I'm letting my fucking ear learn.
Is giving a high five.
Oh!
I'm strong, but I'm sober. I'm young.
Yeah, I'm underpaid. I'm tired, but I'm working.
Yeah!
I'm tired, but I'm restless. I'm here.
But I'm really gone. I'm wrong.
Yeah, I'm sorry, baby.
What all comes down to?
Is everything gonna be quite alright?
Go back, I wanted it, my fucking and the other is like an assigurant.
Yeah!
It would've all come down to.
The link in the whole figure that just needs.
Cause I got one minute, my fucking ear, and the other is giving a face sign.
I've got a feeling, I've got a feeling, I've got a feeling, I've got a feeling, I've got a feeling.
I have to fuck it, wrap it up.
You know what I'm saying?
What word did you say?
Okay, 107, a W-I-D, which word was it you were inquiring about?
So anyway, is that what John Voit said?
Something about inquiring about something or other in deliverance, remember that?
I don't remember what they were talking about, but it was just kind of bizarre that this Yahoo redneck
up there on the Ko-Hoo LaWassie River was inquiring about what they had to do to get Ned Beatty's underwear back up on his fat ass.
But anyway, is that what he said?
Something about, I think it was require.
Oh, what do you require?
That's what it was when there was good old boys from Aintree, he had them up there in the woods.
When they had John tied to the tree there.
When they was looking at him like they was going to be lunch.
And he said, what do you require?
It just didn't seem like a guy like him would be saying require.
He might sing and acquire, cause he had a pretty mouth.
Anyway, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
He listened, I was looking up to here that Friday, you know, your anniversary show.
Yeah.
But I missed about 20 minutes of it.
And I'm just hoping that the homer didn't call up.
No, he did not.
He did not, okay.
I was going to make sure, because I know everybody else did it.
He had been asked to call up, I guess.
I guess you're all talk to him and buddy chickened out and have the cones to do it.
Is that right?
He did say all those great things about me in the paper.
So, you know, you can only push Hank so far.
Yeah, I hope so.
Don't push your swivel lips too far.
What a great new nickname, though, huh?
Swivel lips, I like that.
I'm telling you.
And then he goes on the air, Rift's Dave Hyden asks, I got news for Hank Dave Hyden, is one of the best sports writers with the biggest balls
whoever came down to Pike in this town.
And the fact that he's out with Diffo and Bob Rubin every Thursday night on the station makes it takes again away any credibility from the homer going on the air, ripping him on the air.
Yeah, you know, Joe.
A whole night, you know, not to have the sports writers on the radio last night.
I was, you know, I wanted to hear what, uh, what they were not.
They weren't on last night?
No, no, no, they were up in doing the Marlin thing.
Uh, Diffo, when you get into this, Diffo is getting the stale is yesterday's match, but take this man.
He was, he was alive.
Here was the opportunity of a lifetime to get on their really kicks of mass and he's up there with a baseball guys.
Yeah.
If we want to hear baseball talk, we'll tune in between periods of the Panther games.
Yeah, but they're O and nine, I think, aren't they?
Yeah, well, like I said,
Yeah, listen to me.
I'd appreciate a couple tickets.
They were O and seven of previous day and now they're O and nine.
If they play enough split squad games, they can be O and 100 by the end of the month.
That's for sure.
What do you want to see?
I want to see Ottawa and let me tell you why though.
I'm glad you do because we only got six parallel for that.
Okay, but listen, I want to hear live in person the Canadian national anthem.
Well, you'll hear it.
All right.
I appreciate it.
Okay, hang on.
Thank you, Lord.
Lion Ford, this guy wants to go see the Ottawa Senators with Alexe Yashin and a kid, uh, what's his name, Alfredson?
Who's going to be my prediction is Alfred Lion Ford.
What is it?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Is this still you?
Yeah, I'm on hold.
I was on hold.
Hang on.
All right.
Look at Lion Ford.
What?
He's on there.
Yeah, but it was dark.
But he's still on there.
We got our phone system is screwed up.
Okay?
Our phone system.
Somebody's been pochking around with our phone system.
It's F-Dop.
Okay?
It's F-Dop.
Probably the traffic guys did it there by screwing around on there in that sports booth.
And if they don't get out of this building and get up in here in a helicopter pretty soon,
we're going to start getting pretty pissed off.
I have to f**king wrap it up.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
And so there's the audience too, and they're pretty embarrassed for you.
But anyway, what was I just saying?
I was so important before that about Alphanesson.
I think it's going to be the runner up to Eric Dazae for Rookie of the Year.
And Eddie Jovenoski will be a distant third.
Not that we don't love you, Eddie.
All of you better straighten your act out.
But, you know, I mean, Dazae run away.
No contest.
That's why when some of these homers, some of these bozos get on there.
Oh, don't you think that Eddie Jovo cops should be the Rookie of the Year?
Yeah, right.
Absolutely.
No question about it.
Make no mistake about it.
Here at Endonise Potvenge, it wouldn't be the lady being trophy, okay?
Because if there was ever a lady, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy belated anniversary.
Thanks.
Couldn't get through, I think, belated a lot.
Listen, you checked the hell this morning.
I don't know if you read that.
About Barry Jackson?
No, about the city trying to buy back the arena.
Oh, yes.
The city of Sunrise.
No, the city of Miami from the company is that it's...
Oh, no.
The only article I read was about the city of Sunrise is suing the Civic Center thing.
The city of Miami is trying to buy back the arena to do what?
What are they going to do with it?
I have no idea.
Maybe you rent that.
Hey, Commissioner Carroyo, what are you going to do with that arena?
A Sally Fitz would say, take it up your ass.
There you go.
Is it going to rent it out for parties, maybe?
All right.
Next time we have a gathering of Boy Scouts to the rescue, we can have a gathering right there in the arena.
I hear you.
Neil, can I get a request?
We could rename it to Boy Scouts to the Rescue Arena.
What is that?
That bit that has Snorten 8 Balls, the baseball song?
Snorten 8 Balls.
Yeah.
Is that the name of it?
I...
I don't know.
Where am I going to find that?
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York Yankees.
Darrell Strawberry.
I'm Dr. Gooden.
He's a personal coach.
Steve Hall.
Hall.
That's what I like to know.
Got goodens in the lineup.
The straw man snorts the lineup.
He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell.
All right, I can...
He's high as a lab rat.
From smoking the cracket of bat.
He doesn't like cocaine just like the way it smells.
Snorten 8 Balls.
Darrell's rolling up the 20s.
Snorten 8 Balls.
And he's giving Gooden plenty.
They lick the 20 dollar bill.
Their teeth are grindin' like a peppermill.
Goin' 8 Balls.
Oh!
Out the hole in pills.
Jesus Christ.
Steve Howe is in the bullpen.
His nostrils are wide open.
He's so f*** up beating because he's on the braves.
He gets advice from Doc.
And Doc prescribed some rock.
So first he blew a line and then he blew to a safe.
Snorten 8 Balls.
They abused a magic powder.
Snorten 8 Balls sprinkle it on their clam chowder.
Prescriptions got the pet you will refill.
They do it in the pool if they had gills.
Goin' 8 Balls.
Out the hole in pills.
All that money.
8 Balls.
Out the hole in pills.
I like to welcome you all aboard.
This is your manager.
But high block.
Okay, want 13 at WID?
I like that when he takes that real deep breath and just holds it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
You notice the latest thing is like dude speak.
Dude speak.
Everything is dude.
Yeah, no dude.
Dude, that's it.
Dude.
Dude.
Now you're talking dude.
Rickins says 6 to 10 a.m. on news.
Talking entertainment radio.
6 to 10 WID.
Sometimes I feel myself.
First there was Dead Man Walking.
The gut-wrenching story of a condemned man and the none determined to save his soul.
Now Susan Sarandon returns as Sister Helen in a gripping sequel and she's determined to continue the fight.
Matthew, it's not too late.
Matthew, I'm not giving up on you and I'm not going to let you give up on yourself.
We're going to get through this thing together.
Uh, excuse me, Sister Helen.
What is it, Warden?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
Haven't you done enough already?
I did.
For God's sake, can't you leave us in peace?
But what?
Well, it's just that he's dead, Sister.
Do you think I don't know that?
Yes, but he's been dead for three days.
And?
Well, it's just that he's starting to stink off the place and we really need to bury the body.
You cannot wait to put this travesty of just a behind you, can you?
Well, I really don't mean to rush you, but there are other condemned prisoners waiting to use the chamber and we need the gurney.
Don't you listen to him, Matthew.
Just because you're dead doesn't mean you can't get on with your life.
I think it does, Sister.
Susan Sarandon and the body of Sean Penn, star in Dead Man rotting.
Dead man rotting, wafting soon into a theater near you.
Okay, 118 at WIOD, you know something.
I think it's the detergent.
I think my mother brought some kind of mystery detergent into my house and washed all the sheets and all my clothing and the dog and the dog.
I think the carpets and sprayed it on the ceiling.
I think it's a goddamn communist plot.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy belated anniversary.
Thanks.
Been listening to you for probably about 18 years.
Incredible. I remember that's shocking. That's frightening.
I'm only 24, too.
I remember when my dad would pick me up from a little league football or baseball.
Yeah.
And you were on at nights and on the way home, I would listen to you.
And you'd say, who's that crazy man on a radio day?
I remember you had to date.
What's wrong with that man?
I remember you had to dating mating game.
Yeah. I remember that.
True did.
And I went and saw you what?
How long ago were you want to date up?
About 10 years ago?
Eight years ago.
I remember big was the big John.
You had the Ferrari.
Big Dave or big John.
And you had the Ferrari.
Yeah.
And you went up to Baskin Robbins, I think, on university.
No, you're getting close.
E-Mac and Bollyos on university driving a camera act.
We had the big thing there and we brought the Ferrari by and the...
Yeah.
I remember that.
The pre-da was there and the bird and Stan was there and the big Dave and everybody was there.
Do you remember last year coming back from a hockey game?
There was a Mustang next to you and my wife was hanging out the window waving to you?
That was us.
Well, how about that?
We're... we love you.
And...
Only Teller to stop scraping her head against the highway like that.
It can cause some serious damage.
She says we got to go.
Our next car says it's going to be a vet.
There you go.
Now you're working up to reality.
Then you'll understand when you make that transition.
You'll say, you know, that was okay for when you were a little punk.
But not that you get to be a real person.
It's...
You made me get rid of the Mustang and now we got an explorer.
Oh, like I said.
She wanted the family car.
But now she wants to go back to work.
You'll grow out of that, dude.
So how's everything?
Everything's great.
What do you want?
Just want to suck around, you know?
Yeah, I know.
I want to schlep around.
Ottawa game.
How about Islanders?
Islander game.
Well, we only got three pair of left.
So you're one of the select lands three.
I'm off on Thursday.
I'm off on Thursday.
To make you feel like you got a vet you are.
Okay, hang on, pal.
I'll see you there.
Okay.
Line six.
Take care of that guy.
That guy.
So anyway, look at that.
There's a cute dog.
What is this that we're watching on here?
What is this?
Oh, it's in between on the soap operatives.
It's a spa.
It's a homeward bound to lost in San Francisco.
Another one of the insipid movies coming very soon
with theater near you.
Boyd or some real heavy duty crap coming out.
And what's that other movie that they're making?
That's like a sequel to La Caja folds.
Part one, two and eight.
The bird cage.
The bird cage.
The bird cage.
The bird cage, uh, folds.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
What's up?
Yes, sir.
First time call it.
Okay.
We're just for missions.
And got to love it.
Hockey down here.
It's time.
Yeah.
What is it?
Hey, uh, I got something you like.
Yeah.
What's the Mexico a while ago?
Yeah.
And they had that toilet thing where you can't put a...
You got a wife and then you got to throw a toilet paper in the box.
Yeah.
I had to do that.
But I found out why they do that.
Yeah.
They...
The thumb in Mexico, they have...
They've got a...
If you throw too much toilet paper in there and plugs up, there's a system or something.
Yeah.
Because I heard you had come across that same thing.
No, I hadn't come across it.
Yeah.
No, George did.
But we got a bad connection.
We'll talk to you.
Hey, he's in Palm Beach.
You don't think I'm going to leave him on long enough to embarrass him and ask him, you know what I'm saying?
He's a good guy.
You're a good guy pal.
Don't take it personal, but Palm Beach is a...
You're out.
Uh, and see, actually, I did not hang up on another guy that was on 7 before.
But it must have been an act of God because I had said, hey, if you're calling from Palm Beach, we're not giving you...
See, I told you that yesterday.
I told you that I warned you.
I gave you plenty of advance notice.
I said, at least pretend you want to speak to me today.
Because if you call and suck it around for free, Beastamar, it's going to be very embarrassing and I will not.
I will not.
I will not.
I won't do it.
But anyway, didn't you tell me that your grandma was into that throw on the toilet paper into a box?
All the old Cubans.
All the old Cubans.
They threw the toilet paper into a box.
And then, like, a couple of months later, when it dries up, they use it over again.
That's being frugal.
What is that?
What kind of an expression is that?
At least they're not like the Russians where they keep folding it up to the size of a Q-tip, which takes a very delicate finger.
I'll tell you to do that right.
And you know those Russians, they would never wash their hands.
They just dip their hands in vodka when they're done.
Anyway, it's 122, it doesn't kill anything.
Look at Reneerie.
122 at WYOD.
Let me tell you about...
Well, can we do a little space between that and Lorenzo's?
Let's take a deep breath.
Okay.
Okay.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
You can't be sting, can drunk and hurled, and chunks will laugh it all away.
But you can't be a eerie shifa gig, no you can't be.
Eerie shifa gig, don't even try it be an eerie shifa gig.
They're packed in there.
A wane says they're packing it in there and that's great!
Thank you, Wayne Arnold, is here from Wayne Arnold's World of Hassel, and he brought me some beautiful, beautiful stuff!
Thank you so much Wayne.
You were a hell of a guy.
You were a whale of a guy.
He's like a human neighbor.
the courty and he skinny he's fat he's up he's down he's uh you know you can
never quite put your finger on it. Well look at that white hot with a little
onion there and some neatly burgers with onion and little cheese and no buns
and that's the Atkins baby see now now we got it all straightened out. I never
back in the old days and I used to be chewing myself off for eating all this crap
here. Oh god no you're gonna be so fat you're gonna be sick and it was I mean
I was the buns. It was the goddamn buns that's what the problem was you're
I'm Sam you don't think that guy's gonna get pissed off again I'm eating on
air do it because if he does it's too bad it's his fault his problem tough crap
grow up pal oh and there's some good hot sauce so anyway hope I wish you could
be enjoying this with me here right now but you can't here's Miami hello I wanted
to give you the real thing Neil. Yeah bet you still got that cart. Do I still
have it Brian Norcrush what card are you talking about I wanted to give you the
real thing Neil. What cart was that I gave it a George that I wanted to I give you
the real thing. I was just I was stolen for time because I'm eating now I gave
George that tape it's from I and Z yeah I wanted to give you the real thing
here Neil I'll pass I still have more. Well if you look bad on that news too by the way
oh man yeah and to keep showing these real close-ups you do agency every wrinkle on
his push yeah he's a fairy he's a what a fairy speaking of that I was a very good
one with a fruit cake and Daffy McCallum from I and Z yeah would you be
interested uh-huh I'll bring out I'll give it to George I'll pass by and I love it
uh can I snore for some tickets let's see why I got left I got five pair for
Ottawa and I got two for the aisles I'm not picking and you're going to Ottawa
two days and 19 thanks Neil okay hang on in my right on those numbers by the way so now we've got
six pair we got a half an hour to do we better hurry up and now I'm itching bad I think I'm allergic
to Wayne just a joke Wayne just a joke oh boy that's good stuff maybe I'm allergic to food maybe
if I just stopped eating for the rest of my life I'd feel perfect like Gandhi here's a Miramar
hello hello Neil yes sir congratulations on your 20 thanks and it's uh anniversary show you
on Friday with awesome it sure was will that be played again this week and I hope uh if they're
smart are we playing that again this weekend George the anniversary show huh he don't know he don't
know because it's that it's that who decides it who puts that together who does I guess I do so
why don't we play that again about a two week hang time on that production because it takes
so long to make those wrong so I guess we end up next next we come great and I'll be
this uh i'm 28 what is it i'm becoming to the fix for a game of the 28 can I swing by
turn on the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh what did Wayne do to me oh my god
I think I think he's got um embombing fluid in here that I just put in my mouth
he's got some hot sauce in here that is so scalding a hot
you could take you could take a penny in here drop it in the bottom and 30 seconds it would be gone
oh man what we just said i'm sorry i'm going to the six for a game on the 28 i was wondering if i
could swing by for an autograph sure all right absolutely five one twenty five fantastic i'll be there
i'd like to run for a pair sure uh i wonder okay thank you oh man hang on line five take care of our
pies on a nera but mom what did he what is this is this man out of his office rocker or what
oh now here's the other sauce with the what what is that in my oh maybe that's the chicken wing sauce
huh did you ever taste that oh wow right in the circular file there's the Rochester hot sauce for
my stuff oh man oh man oh man my nostrils are cleaned out that that sauce just and I just had
a little taste of it even my rectum is cleaned out for like months now every poor in my body is
breathing free and i bet you i don't itch again all weekend thank you Wayne i know how to solve that
problem Wayne can handle everything right just like al Martino said i got a father you know you can
you take care everything see me what he said just before we slapped him in a face and said be a man
here's for a lot of day on the purple line hello hi Neil yes sir that was one of those
wholement last Friday to a turn purple yeah and i just want to say happy belated thanks all right i
have a spy report on mr. Hank uh huh listen to him the other night and he said talk to about
sports and doubted i'd like to be everywhere in the county so he could get all the sports all the time
and he said quote i would like to have my testicles out all over the county but i just can't be
ever where at one time
the producer says this uh Hank that's uh tentacles and he goes testicles tentacles what the hell
yeah stealing more my material even though he's busy of course on the phone when he's in a car he
doesn't listen but he's stealing all my material i have boy Hank nice going swivel lips
yeah it was great yeah he's all right can i snore around too yeah i got um you want to go to
why i hope i do you know good thank you Neil so that means there's three of those up but yeah
because if we get all these new york then it'll be islander fans probably their new yorkers nettle
will really piss me off okay hang on okay that just don't he purpose not a purple line that just
don't on me that's all i need to do is be getting a bunch of islander fans in there like Adam you know
let's go islanders of course basically they don't really have any fans left any huh boy what a
sorry thing uh look what happened to that franchise and it's all because of these potpan left there
they used to be great but once that east left that's what he would tell you
up there in new york they're happier they celebrate the fact he's not there anymore
anyhow gallstream park is home of the florida derby coming up on marx 16 which is a week from maribor
we're getting there and they've got lots of great racing action this weekend tomorrow it's the
premier turf race of south florida racing they three hundred thousand dollar grade two crown royal
panamerican handicap and there's live entertainment from music superstar carlos oliva performing two
shows at 12 30 and three p.m. i wonder if he's related to steven oliva on sunday gallstream's feature
is the two hundred thousand dollar grade two orc and handicapped and it's also your chance to meet
Pete rose he'll be signing autographs for the first four hundred fifty people from two to four he
might sound a few more after that but don't bet on it that's the crown royal panamerican handicap and
superstar carlos oliva for two shows tomorrow and then on sunday the orc and handicapped
a chance to meet baseball legend Pete rose at gallstream park us highway one in heledale open
Wednesday through monday post time one p.m. kids under 18 admitted free it's a whale of a place George
king
sho Fallon
Blue cheese, blue cheese, blue cheese
That happens just a little harder
Gotta say you're smelling bad, yeah
I can't breathe but I am new
I hold my breath each time you speak
Every time your mouth is open
I can't help thinking
It smells like like someone died
When you can't tell, I swear I got a someone died
I can't breathe
I'm in a way to brush your teeth
Hold my breath, let's hurry here
There's a man selling your mouth
Need a race, morning race
I sell the race
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Cause it smells like
It smells like someone died
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Got no sense of faith
141 at WIOD thanks to Robin and Sarah
Who brought by a whole bunch of those little humontosh
Little triangular ones that are really hard
And they got a nice card and here I thank you so much for the card
It is so hard
And humontosh too but unfortunately I don't eat those
And I can't anyway cause they're not on the atkins
In addition to which even if I weren't on the atkins
The little hard triangular ones those are humontosh for goyem and Cheryl
Those are the only people I know who like those
The big soft brown ones baby with the poppy seeds
Those are the humontosh and if you really want to do it up at forum time
That's where it's at trust me from a real Jew
Not a make-believe Jew, not a wannabe Jew
But a real, real, OY Jew
Here's Lake Park, hello
Hello Neil
Happy anniversary to you
Thanks
I'm a corner at a head station at a pay phone and there's a lot of noise here so please
I got to tell you a story of love here
I work at a nightclub in Boca
And my assistant manager is this cute dreamy little blonde girl who is a total Panther fan
She's from New York
And she hates the Rangers like poison
And she was supposed to go to that game but we worked that night
And she was real upset she couldn't go plus the Panthers got to beg that night
She wouldn't totally, totally love to go see the islanders, lives to the Panthers
And this would be a good way to express my intentions through as well
So you could play cute performing and you'd be hooked me up completely
Yeah
So what do you think?
You think you could do it for me?
What do you think George?
This guy's in Boca, he's in Palm Beach
I live in Florida, I work in Boca
You live where?
I live in Fort Lauderdale
I want you to swear to God
Okay well you'll know when you get this guy's address
It better be in Fort Lauderdale
You know what I'm saying?
I want to play Butch Boss with you, Pat
You sound like a really good guy, you might even look human
I don't know
I'm trying but this girl likes sports and how I might marry her
Because that's hard to find a girl like sports as much as she does
And depending on what sports we're talking about, yeah
I'll be right back to you
I'll be right back to you
Oh really?
Oh we'll see
I'm really talking to her that much but this is a good way to have her head in the head
Well when you haven't talked to her that much I thought this was the love of your life
Well she doesn't know it yet, you know what I mean?
Yeah that's kind of like Jason, I haven't talked to her that much either
Yeah okay you got it hang on
Thanks
I can relate to that
Okay line seven take here that kind of
If he doesn't, if he gives you any address other than four Lauderdale
Make sure we hear the dial tone real soon
So that takes care of all those eyelid tickets
Boy 10 per those went fast didn't they?
They sure did okay let's let's check it on the latest news from the WIOD news department
And let's go to our good friend Rocky Bend over there in WQA
The Lumileo Kueh Abu Camparazzi the Collaters
It talks like he's got a cord cob of his ass
Maybe that's the way they walk and buffle
I don't know but that's what he sounds like
Boy that kid is the most annoying
In fact maybe he's related to our new morning news anchor, huh?
Could be
So by the way I'm marking up all that stuff for you
Waiting this weekend I'm gonna work really feverishly on all that stuff that you got a card up
And then I'll bring it in next week and then you can really work yourself into a feverish pitch
Maybe you want to have JC help you out on that
Or maybe you can come over this weekend and help me mark out the ones that I want
Mark it where I want it I'll show you where I want it
Okay like as in
Oh sorry that was just a joke
Okay where are we going next?
Why do you say open wide what was that all about?
Here's Hialia hello
Neil
These people are sick
Thank God I'm the normal one around here yes
Neil, come on, stop me I'm older
Mochio abuino
Oh good good
Neil, I'm calling you because my husband was trying to get through with you
But he was he's got to go on a job and stuff like that
Yeah I know I know how these things are
Well you know he's a lot of people
And he's got to be there you know
Anyway Neil I was pretty good
A lot of people trying to lock their husband or wife out of the house
I know how that's good
I bet you that's what it is
Well you always get them in
Yeah
Well anyway Neil he told me that you had a problem with some itching and stuff
Yeah
Well you know if it's your dogs or if it's like
Well my dogs got a problem but it's not fleas
Oh it's not fleas
Okay no fleas got got
I recommend you some Adam flea and fig shampoo
Which works like wonders man it's great
But I don't have no fleas and either does my dog
Oh okay so it's just like something you know cleaning ingredients or something maybe
Yeah that could be it
Well maybe it's just because I've been watching my dog with those hot spots
It's like a mental thing
That's I'm beginning to believe that
Oh anyways
So now that I'm sitting here eating like Dom Deloise I'm content I'm not ditching it all
Anyway Neil what did you know because I haven't been able to listen to you these days
But what did you think about that the Rangers game all those fans yelling for the Rangers
I thought it was disgusting
Well didn't that just stop you
But you know something you can't blame them because they show up on a support their team
I will never knock people who show up in our verbal and support the team
The people that deserve to be knocked are the Panther fans who sit there and get out shouted by the other team
Exactly because we don't have enough Panther fans
That's right
Oh God man that's disgusting
Neil I wanted to know
Do you think you have a couple tickets for the auto games for me and my husband to go see him?
How did we get around to that? I just how did I have a feeling we were getting to that after we got
Neil not really
Don't get defensive you got him you got him don't talk to yourself out of it though
Because I feel very bad about that you love me
Yes I do
Okay hang on
All righty bye bye
Line 3 she loves me okay
And I love her
Now she's okay she's nice
So we got two pair left boy we sure time this out nice didn't we it was just by accident
And thank God it worked out this way instead of taking a whole four hours today and
I can't stand it
I can't stand it but it's the least we can do to put some asses in those empty seats
So I think Jeff Maustin deserves a lot of credit even though Jeff Rimmer again yesterday being jealous
Oh that punk that can't even get you know tickets that punk that schmuck he's a schmuck
You see I appreciate when somebody brings me freebies to give away like that something that's a value to our audience
I think it's a very nice gesture on their part and it even if he does screw up half of the show that's okay
That's okay in my book so don't be knocking Jeff Maustin by the way his brother Andy
It'll probably will cost you 50 or 70 bucks to recover that book in the library
What are you worried about okay when you got a brother that's got a big time job with a Panther organization
Until buddy but Paxen buys it by the way what are you worried about?
And then I guess once that happens we won't have to worry about Dean Jordan
He's asking your brother anymore right Andy that's right
147 at WIOD
He's talking entertainment radio
610 WIOD
It's Friday you bastards
Sure you're a fat homophobic racist but hey don't despair
Now there's an extremist way to lose weight
Introducing Papu canons goose step into the oldies
Left right far right third right come on let those legs
Please Mr. Buchanan we're gonna burn it up before the presidential race even begins
presidential race hell brother I'm built in a super race
Come on limbaugh straight in that hood
Dissar get those knees in the braze
Dissar yes now you can start the insanity with Papu canons goose step into oldies
Ask for it by secret handshake
Okay 151 at WIOD
I bet you Perry Mason would really enjoy that or maybe just some of the other
Mason's who are still alive how's Raymond we're doing by the way so what we got two
pair left because I threw my log away and I was keeping track on here and I was
doing a pretty good job two pair for the Ottawa game look at that Georgia's
held up two pair and they were both his here's a mobile in Kendall hello
Hey uncle male yes sir this is a whole your junior
Yeah I can throw an old junior I hate to identify myself
Good yeah yeah whatever happened to Orlando original huh
Ray and Ali he got sucked up I bet
He took that off ramp of the highway of happiness remember he was getting married or something
Yeah allegedly that's what they all say allegedly I'd like to come out
This is married to I'd like to commend Cheryl on the one full job that she did for you on Friday
Mm-hmm I couldn't thank Cheryl you did a great job I think she's been hanging around you a little bit too often she grew
a pair of a bb's oh she's got a big period don't worry about that
How in the world she's got the second biggest pair in this building how in the world
does she ever ever think that Larry would even have a small notion of possibly
giving seeing yes and calling you I know I've been doing this a long time that is
incredibly yeah like he's on doggy downers he's got practice
sucking around with him because I've been doing this a long time right
did you notice he even got he's even got plastic lips did you notice I eat how you popped out of it
when he said yeah yeah what are you doing there what are you doing in there with that asshole
so when are you coming back to pizza law as soon as they build it what happens it it burned down
I know I know I'm kidding one more thing is that itching stuff yeah yeah
records preparation oh preparation age why it does it does great for the
inflammation and give me a break that I wouldn't put that stuff on the tip of my
finger that stuff is the smartest as someone at many years I'm telling you I'm
allergic to that stuff oh boy I'm telling you years ago the first time I had
hemorrhids I tried that stuff and it made me want to jump through my skin oh
my god I'm allergic to something and that thing but forget about preparation
age now anybody out there get hemorrhids a new soul baby that's where it's at
ania saw I've come I've come by in this world Urania saw I've come by and I've I've
stopped by and then I see that I was saying that Pluto is not a planet it's just a
piece of ice out there at the end of the solar system right and it's pissing off a
lot of the kids who like having a planet in the end up with Disney dog I bet you
the Disney people are pissed off big time huh don't go pick it on Pluto baby yeah
yeah when I come by at the hockey games you usually seem like I don't know you're
looking for a knife sticking out of your back or something but it's it what is
that you look a little paranoid when people come by and they talk to you
whatever you just I'm not paranoid but it's just that people are yelling from
all directions and on the side and in front and you just you know I mean you can
only handle so much at one time right when I told Orlando senior good you said
you're gonna handle some more all right well I'm closing yes get it already what was it I love it when you
when you tell these people to get off the line already oh yeah like aren't you
okay see ya we have nice good guy we have an open line today now we got those two
pair to give away let's take care of that it was nice hearing from him but we
got to take care of business hello how big your pardon hello what was that you just said
macaroni
you mark ony yeah good I need to talk to you where it's yours okay I have a little problem yeah I met the finger my
day you met the finger man yeah yeah father old tool yeah yeah I want to listen to that tape
when you call and you said the priest yeah can you put that for me please can I play that I don't
have we don't have that in the thing here no no we had to remove it surgically and the finger too
when let me see yeah right I'm a human guy yeah 33 years old right fine night yeah 165 yeah
brown hair good great night yeah 12 inches uh-huh and the dial tone on the phone
let's do uh my baby show nail yes sir how you doing nail great I'm a little bit under the weather
but I have a French Canadian story yeah I like to tell you on Tuesday I was going over a
friend's house right and I was kind of in a bad mood because I was running late because we were
going to go somewhere yeah so I'm driving and I'm in and out of traffic I'm on Collins Avenue and
behind a French Canadian and the light turns green yeah he doesn't move and he just decides to look
into his bag or whatever he had on his side and I'm honking my horn so he all of a sudden puts
up his arms and looks at me you know through his rear view mirror and he's like you know he
cursed at me or whatever so then he he decided he he he goes forward and my luck I get stuck at the red light
so um little uh up the road I catch up with him right now I was already mad so what I did I caught up
with him I said something to him on the side I cut in front of him I caught him off yeah so then he
get he decides to do the same thing so he cuts me off I slam on my brakes yeah and thank God that
bow harbors finest was right there to pull him over and give him a ticket all right all right
hey can I suck her off yeah what you got a pair you got a pair all right thanks you have a pair
I have yeah I have a pair I'll make you do okay hang on okay line two take care of that young guy he's
got a pair here's a lady in Hollywood hello hello yes ma'am yes I was just calling to congratulate you
on your 38 pound weight loss thank you and how is it a book store the other night and I bought one
of the doctor atkins book uh-huh and then the weirdest thing happened I was sitting in line
waiting to pay for it yeah this lady comes up behind me if he has some kind of security uniform
on yeah and she says oh I'm on that diet because the arrangers are on it all right oh if he was saying
something about he works that the condo or your aunt live yeah in the hollywood and a hellendale hellendale
yeah and her name big max oh that crazy bitch oh my god I hope you got away from her fast
she was weird oh man and I want to congratulate you on your 30 years thanks yeah have a nice day
and you too well wasn't that sweet you didn't call for nothing that was great big max get out of here
big max go find a life somewhere will you crazy bitch here's mommy legs hello hello
yes how are you today very very well um and my aging has stopped and I feel very peaceful and
common lunch was nice and it was great that's good actually I hadn't heard anybody mentioned today but
a state house panel denied the heat of 60 million dollar tax break yesterday and it kind of sounds
what you were saying a few days ago let me see house members appeared swayed by representative
Luis Rohas who called the arena tax break a giveaway of public money to multi trillionaires right
that could be better spent to improve schools or give pay raises to state prison guards there you go
quote the state doesn't need sports franchises it needs good education and safe streets and today you
get to pick which one is a priority oh there you go oh and this is a show almost over can I suck
around for the last pair I love it you got it pal right man thanks okay hang on there's a guy's got
his priority straight well it's just like me I love going to the games that are one lose our teams but
hey if we have to choose if we got to choose if push comes a shove let's have some smart people in
this country not just a bunch of dumb jokes you know what I'm saying let's have some people with
smarts he's on one by the way that guy George take your him so that pretty much it takes here
of it don't it I think that pretty much takes here but so by the way Jennifer you are writing to
JC at her what she is running around here haven't seen him yet huh just wait just wait we're going to
be having fist fights in the hallway me and Jennifer it's going to be a battle to the death I'll
tell you that right now maybe you know maybe Brad Pitt you can have maybe some of those other
marginal people no problem okay I'll be a nice guy but when it comes to this serious business I
have seen the face of the Lord Jesus Christ God JC what
these are your voice of reason in the midst of chaos W I O D Miami Ford Lutterdale
W I O D I O D
