It's Friday, you bastard.
Hi, this is OJ.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches.
So I'd recommend to you new OJ Simpson's bitch jack for women.
Believe me, brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jack.
Just attach the small homie device to your bitch's legs
and you can track her all around town.
And just in case she cheating, she'll get a beaten.
You see, when your woman be messing around,
new bitch jack for women, let's out an inaudible beefing sound
that only you can hear.
And once they catch her, she's all yours.
Excuse me, Mr. Simpson, we track down your old lady with a white man.
What shall we do with her?
Well, thank you, officer.
I'll handle this.
You bitch.
Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jack?
I'ma cut your throat, you bitch.
I'ma...
No, remember, your hoes won't get buried far
with OJ Simpson's new bitch jack for women.
Hey, just because OJ's free,
don't mean your bitches got to be free too.
Bitch, yeah.
What's the obsession with Hoki?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Give it all you've got.
Yes!
Take it, loaded shots.
The father's key to sight.
Stayin' above your giants.
Yes!
Yes!
For the game you feel on.
To the strip in the strong.
Go to play your crimes.
Take it, and it's just gone.
It's just period of the game.
And the legend is songin' on.
OJ!
But the chance play every time I get a note.
The chance play every time.
Okay!
10.45 to go in the third period.
Here's Gagger of the center, Brad Lauer.
Well, you shoot in, played by Gord Murphy back out in Straska.
Let's look again.
Great food by Straska.
Bill Lynch, a trucker!
Straska!
Oh!
Lemmew with six points in the series and 46 points.
And the playoffs.
So he now trails Joe Sackett by a couple in that race.
As he tries to join Sackett.
And the Abel Lynch in the Stanley Cup Championship series.
There's a three-bump digger back!
Straska!
Straska!
Straska!
Netbed will take the faceoff for Pittsburgh against Brian Strudland.
Well, a new poised in behind Netbed.
But the Panthers win the draw and Fitzgerald gets it down.
Soobab Husslingab.
Raise the boards to Daniel.
He was hit by Hut.
Now 20 seconds left and the Panthers will have to hurry.
Here's the shoot in and Yachters first one to it.
A partner back out.
And this amazing story is going to continue.
The third of the Panthers, that first game is up.
Let's go!
Marty Straka.
What I tell you guys just leave the line up to me and leave the plan of these guys will be all right.
What a night.
What a night.
One of the most incredible nights in it.
I was never nervous.
Never had any doubts.
Especially when Yachter went in here with the minute to go or whatever it was in the game.
Never nervous at all.
Thank God for those towels man.
I know what Jerry Tarkinian was chewing on it all those years in the towel too.
Man, oh man, is that coming?
That thing coming in handy. I wouldn't have any teeth.
I looked like Radek DeVorak today.
If I didn't have that towel man, I was biting and clenching and squeezing and uh oh god what a night.
So I wonder what I didn't have a chance this morning to see the hero.
I wonder what Greg Cotex is right in this morning in the hero.
What's he going to say now?
Huh? Mr. Smarty pants that we were going to lose to Pittsburgh in six games.
Mr. Let's pee on your parade.
Huh? So typical for this towel.
We finally after a thousand years we finally got something good going on here.
We can be excited about and we got a bunch of little people there, especially at the hero.
Want to pee on our parade.
Too bad.
Ain't going to work.
And of course you know what Mario and Yachter both said they said game seven is a bad thing because anything can happen.
No matter where it's played.
There's no such thing as home ice advantage in game seven.
A little unlucky bounce over here.
A little bad deflection over there and all of a sudden Panthers are in the goddamn finals.
How do you like that?
So what can I tell you?
It's just one of the most miraculous things I've ever seen.
I bet you there isn't going to be anybody talking negative about it today.
Make no mistake about it.
There will be nobody saying anything negative about it today.
They're all going to be on the bad wagon.
They're going to be falling all over each other.
Every plane to Pittsburgh is going to...
They're going to be people on the wings on US gear.
They're going to be all over those planes on a way to Pittsburgh.
That town is going to have more damn Floridians in it than you've ever seen.
Because quite frankly, who the hell would want to go there otherwise?
So I hope you had a good time there last night.
We're going to sit back and just pee all over the Panthers today and over Doug McLean.
It was wise enough to listen to my coaching.
I told the guy, you know, if you wanted to do it your way, game five would be a good time.
Okay, it's not a good idea.
But if you want to try it your way, I'll give you one game.
He tried it his way.
It was a bomb.
Even the Japanese never saw a bomb like that.
And so he said to me, okay, we'll do it.
Back your way we'll put Wolley in there in the power play.
We'll dress seven defensemen and we'll put Strock in there.
And how about that line by the way, three of the four goals coming off the same line?
Need or Maris, Strocka, and Melon be all of a sudden even woke up playing on that same line.
How do you like that?
I liked it.
Let's get Greg Kotex online.
Let's see what he has to say.
Okay. In fact, we just still got that voicemail for the hero for Greg Kotex.
Let's get that out while we're doing a break.
I want to make sure that everybody lets him know how much we appreciate his fine journalism.
What is it?
Three seven six.
Three seven six.
Three four nine two.
Three seven six, thirty four ninety two.
Let Greg Kotex over the hero know how much we appreciate what a great enthusiastic fan he is.
10-13 at WIO dealer.
Now where was everybody at this party when you and your old lady were doing it on top of the dinner team?
There was three other couples and they knew it was impactful and they were right there.
They were like the whole fashion phones.
They VMTL midnight on news, talk and entertainment radio.
Six ten WIO D.
Okay. 10-16 at WIO D.
Let's see. What is this?
Oh, we got a couple of facts.
Here once says that Greg Fedex got, they heard his voice on the area yesterday.
And he must be hung like an elephant.
Now I want to tell you who the guys are who are hung bigger than anybody in the world.
And of course, I haven't been in the shower like manage.
I haven't been in a locker room.
Although it might be kind of interesting.
But the Florida Panthers man are hung like dinosaurs, like gigantic monsters from outer space.
I've never seen guys with such big ones as these guys.
You know, last night we get the early gold to disputed gold and we're head one nothing.
And look like we caught an early break there which really was a big thing.
And then the penguins tied up in a second period.
They take the lead to the one and the opening part of that period.
Man, they came out. They outshot us nine to nothing.
And they started the second period. I thought, oh, we're in big trouble.
Then we outshot them. I think it was 16 to one in the rest of that period.
Can you believe that 16 to one?
But in the meantime, they had taken a two to one lead.
And really the turning point in all of the stuff last night was Billy Lindsay's gold.
And this kid, here's an unsung hero man.
Here's a kid who just does everything out there.
And nobody, you know, gives him a lot of credit.
But Billy Lindsay, he scores the big one.
He had that incredible goal against the Bruins.
You know, the one that's on at the lithograph.
He's just done so many incredible things.
And yet when you talk about the Panthers, very few people first will say,
Hey, Billy Lindsay, there's the guy that really are, you know, rocks that ship.
But when he tied it up there and it was kind of a, you know, we got traffic in front of a baratso.
That's what you got to have.
And when he got that rebound and stuck it in there, that turned a whole night around.
And then we take the three to two lead.
My buddy Marty Strack, a what a move, baby. What a move.
He's got moves that most guys in league could only dream of having.
And he gets the perfect return pass from Billy Lindsay, like I said, and sticks it in there.
And then the penguins come back and tied up three three.
Now at that and Mario, it's talking about moves.
He just faked everybody out of their jog past it right in front to San Stram.
He's all alone. It's three three.
At that point, you figure out, geez, maybe we're going to go to overtime.
And we don't like overtime to begin with.
And it's a dangerous thing.
And all of a sudden, less than two minutes later, here we are.
And here's Neeter Meyer, who is really butched up on that line.
Like I told Doug McLean, since you put him out there with Strack, a man,
he is butched up.
All of a sudden, this kid is dynamite.
And he gets his own rebound and sticks it in there like you just heard that said.
One of the most phenomenal sporting events in history, even though it's only game six of the semifinals,
I do understand that.
But is there anything else that could happen that could possibly be better,
except of course, when he's Saturday and going on to the finals,
which would really piss off the media too bad and really piss off Greg Cotex
and some of the other local P on your paraders.
Now what was it?
A Divo picked Pittsburgh in six.
Nice go at Divo.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I only got a couple of things to say.
First off, you know, always big Panther fan.
It's just unbelievable.
I'm almost speechless last night.
I couldn't get to get to the game.
I try to try.
I was going nuts in my house.
I swear I thought my heart was going to jump right out of my chest.
Yeah.
I got a sound bite.
I got a sound bite if you want one for you.
Yeah.
Marty Straca.
I love you man.
Oh!
All right.
Although I like to call my friends John out there.
John, I know you're listening right now.
You're a big, fat, wet, hairy, loose, bag, Neil.
Panthers.
All right.
It's ours baby.
Okay.
Get out of here.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-109-449-463-1800.
In Rick Raleigh notice they spent, because I heard some of the show.
I had a meeting this morning by the way with the Paxen people over there in North Dade.
And they were extraordinarily nice to me.
And it was nice to see people, to look again, and a whole bunch of people.
Virtually everybody in that building I've worked with.
Of course I guess when you're in a market for 20 years, you've worked with virtually everybody.
And it was great.
And they loved me.
They loved George even, which goes to show you how he pulled the wool over their eyes.
Exactly.
And it was great.
It was a very positive thing.
I just mentioned it because I know that even people in the audience are having a lot of consternation and constipation.
And getting all bent out of shape.
And it is a very sad thing that feels not going to be a part of what we're going to be doing.
But other than that, I don't perceive a whole lot of changes.
I think there's going to be a lot of continuity in what we're doing and what you like, and etc.
And life goes on.
Thank God.
Okay, here's the four-letter deal on the purple line.
Hello.
Hi, Neal. How are you doing?
I'm doing phenomenal. How about you?
Oh, sensational. I have to last night.
I tell you, you said you weren't a little nervous.
And my wife and I were sweating our brains out.
I was so... I'm doing to tell you, in fact, I saw last night on the...
when I got the highlights off the tape, I saw this reaction of Brian Murray and Bill Turley up in a box
when we let Yager walk in here and nearly tie it up in the last minute or two.
And I was biting that towel so bad and I had my hands around my head.
I just... I mean, that was a gut-wrenching moment that I'll never forget.
Thank God the beazer was like, right on top of it at that moment, or we'd have been...
we could still be playing.
Yeah, because what was amazing is when we scored and we tied up and they tied...
Right.
And they got to go and we got to go and there was going back and forth.
I said, the last goal is going to win.
But I said that a little bit too premature, but it was great.
All I could say is...
And by the way, by the way, 40 shots last night again.
What's the team that's supposed to be boring?
40 shots, 61 shots last Friday.
And here's the team. So that's over 100 shots in two of the games in the series.
And yet we're the team that's supposed to be boring, right?
Yeah, well, I can't thank you enough because you're the one that got me back into hockey.
I used to watch it many, many years ago.
And when I lived up in the U.S. long time ago, and it is the greatest.
It is the greatest.
And especially Stanley Cup playoff hockey, man.
There's not only care. World Series, Super Bowl.
There's nothing like the Stanley Cup playoff.
That's true. I need your help to one problem.
Right.
Tomorrow night, I got tickets for tickets with my wife and I and some good friends.
But we haven't seen it a long time to go to the baseball game.
The only problem is tomorrow night, the hockey game. What am I going to do?
I could bring a radio when I could take the game, but it's still not being there.
Yeah, fine. What am I going to do?
Find some people that want to go see a baseball game. Find some underprivileged kids or something.
You need to just give my tickets to my friends and tell them to use whatever they want.
Sure. Sure.
Stay home.
Staying glued to your TV, man. It's going to be great.
Oh, I'm going to have to do something. My wife will divorce me though.
We might just shock the hell out of here. There's a hell list of them.
She's that fickle. Who needs her?
Yeah, that's true.
Get your priorities straightened out.
There'll be people without her.
There you go.
Okay. Have a great day.
And back to you.
Open line on the purple line. That's mobile one cell 18 T wireless pound.
Yeah, I'm in my glory because this is something that I love and I've been promoting it for years and years,
especially last three since we had a team here.
And by the way, did anybody see?
I'm sure you did because I know they put it on the cameras when Wayne and Marty Heisinger were doing a thing there after a
Strakas goal.
They were.
It's an incredible thing.
Forget about all the money at least for a minute or two.
Okay. I mean, we got a couple of fans there like I told you when they came back from the loss in Pittsburgh the other night three nothing
laws.
There's two people meeting him at the 230 or three in the morning at the airport and it's Wayne and Marty Heisinger.
These are fans now, man.
That's what's got me excited.
I know all the other stuff.
Well, we can discuss that.
But these are a couple of real fans.
So if you really believe he's telling this team, man, I got some real cheap land in the middle of the sawgrass for you.
1023 at W.I.O.D.
Every Sunday night at 11 p.m.
The rookies take over 610 W.I.O.D.
It's the amateur hour called Neil won't like it.
Want to talk?
Send your tape W.I.O.D.
14 to 1 North Bay Causeway Miami.
33141.
Neil won't like it.
And that's a fact from news talk and entertainment radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
1026 at W.I.O.D.
I'm just getting the fish wrap around here.
The hero, look at this.
Still a rat race.
They got a big picture on the front page.
A big article by Dan LaBaster down there on the front page.
And now they got a big thing here.
Still a rat race with a huge picture of Buraso down.
There's Melinda being a crease and the puck.
That was the disputed goal.
The only thing I don't understand about that, maybe somebody can explain it to me.
I've never seen a video review on a goal that took as long as that one did.
The referee Terry Grexon went over there.
He's talking to the guy upstairs and they're reviewing it.
And then Scrutlin went nuts like, yeah, it's a goal.
And the crowd went nuts and you're coming to rats again.
And then they're like talking about it again.
And again, and again.
And it was, I guess we ran out of rats for the moment.
And he said, okay, finally, we got no more rats.
It's a goal.
Let's go back and play some more.
I don't get that.
Now the second one I heard Rick ask about that.
The reason the second goal wasn't the goal was because there was a late penalty coming against us.
And the whistle had already blown.
Which I think Varasso heard the whistle and the red light never came on anyway.
And they had let up play it really technically stopped.
So the penalty, although a couple of times in a game Grexon called penalties on us.
And we had possession of the puck and play kept going on.
And that was one of them.
And you wondered how to help can the penalty be honest because we're in possession of it.
But anyway, we're not going to worry about that.
So is Greg Kotex?
Oh, here it is.
Here it is.
Super star, stifling strategy successful.
And by the way, Mario Lemuse is where the best defensive team he's ever played against.
How do you like that?
So let's see.
Okay.
Talks about Lemuse and Younger and covering him like a blanket.
And Bob, Bob, does he make any reference to what an asshole he is or not?
Are we supposed to forget about that?
No.
Oh, there's nothing in here about any of that stuff.
It's just about Carcner and Sphala and Murphy and Mario and this one and Dave Roach and Van B's Brook and this one.
No, nothing in there about Greg Kotex and how he tried to pee on our parade.
We don't forget it.
I'll tell you that.
Here's a man who could not get in there last night.
I feel so bad about that.
Should have been fussy.
Should not have been fussy.
I know, not last night.
But about that disputed goal.
There was a penalty obviously on the first penalty.
The late penalty.
Now what happened is Barato hit the puck with his stick.
It bounced off his defenseman and into the net.
Right.
Now normally when they get control of the puck, the whistle blows and it's no goal.
Right.
And then there's a rule that says that there's two exceptions to that rule.
One is if it goes off a goalie's stick and the other one is if it goes off the clothing of the team that's being penalized.
Right.
And actually both things happened on the same play.
Right.
And therefore the goal was a route.
And then there wasn't a stop at all.
It was really funny because the rats came out immediately and then they cleaned those all up and then they had the big discussion the first time.
And then when Scroolyn went nuts, even before Gregson pointed a center-eye Scroolyn went nuts and then they threw him out again and they came out and cleaned him up.
And then he came to center-eye a third time.
And I don't understand what they were arguing about it that way.
And then it was the case of, well, one thing cleared that up.
It was the case of whether the goal had gone off the post before after the goal was scored.
Uh-huh.
And it was very clear on the replay that the puck went in first.
Oh yeah, you could even see that in Eurena.
That crappy diamond board we got.
You could see that that it was it was close, but the puck was in there and then immediately the net got this loss, but it wasn't before that.
It was a sunlight to be there.
So you're flying up tomorrow?
No, you know, we had a chance.
Rimmer offered me tickets.
I couldn't have tickets for tomorrow and I, but I think with all these stress and the strain and the, uh, it'll be a lot easier and better in this case to sit back and watch it on TV.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Besides, who wants to go to Pittsburgh?
Are you going to relax up the track tonight or you don't know?
Yeah, track sounds good for tonight's matter of fact.
I'll make you a deal.
I'll be there.
It's in between a chance to take it easy once.
Yeah, and they can ice contribution.
There you go.
I'll be there.
See you tonight.
Okay, Richard.
Fat rich there who could not get in.
So if anybody else tried like crazy to get in last night, which I'm sure a lot of you did, if that man couldn't get in there.
And the thing of it is, like you said, he could have gotten in, but he was too picky.
They gave him some nosebleed seats.
He's not not for me.
Not for me.
And now, of course, he regrets it because just being inside the building and being part of that last night was just.
There are no words to describe it.
You had to be there.
And of course, when Rick Riley, who's, you know, he's learning, he's becoming a fan.
But when he can get that psychotic about it as he did, then you know it must have been phenomenal.
And it was.
It was just like nonstop.
It just kept building and building to a gigantic crescendo when people were like on the edges of their seats and biting their nails.
And the great part of it is in that last minute there after Yager had one real dangerous chance that we were like biting our fingernails up to our armpits.
After that, we did a real good job and we kept clearing it out.
And like you heard there with Chris Cuthbert on a replay.
In the last 40 seconds or so, they really never had any kind of a shot and we kept poking it out when in doubt, poke it out.
That's what we're saying about the cloud of the news eyes when in doubt, poke it out.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Marty Strach, God.
Oh, my God.
I just got to tell you thank you so much.
Last November, October.
I was on the road for my company and I listened to you talk.
I've been listening to you since the day after you got rid of the bird, by the way.
Oh.
And I heard you talking about Hawking.
I said that sounded like a good idea.
I took my fiance.
We have been addicted.
I introduced you to myself to you.
I guess a week after your birthday.
Anyhow, we've been going to games, point to one of the play-off games with the flyers.
I think it was game five or six.
And then, um, have been watching religiously the playoffs and that game last night was outraged.
I owed all to you, Neil.
Great.
I never knew what a sport this was and I'm addicted to it.
And even the coach, the coach, I haven't heard from him at all, which I'm kind of shocked and disappointed because I know there are planes leaving a two or two or two thirty for Pittsburgh.
But I would have thought there'd have been a telegram here saying thanks for, you know, bringing me back to my senses and seeing the light and putting Strachah back in there.
And I did you see his quote in the Sun Central this morning?
Not yet.
I have it in my lunch bag.
That's what I'm doing for lunch.
It's a, it's a, it's one of the inside pages because needless to say, the articles go on forever.
Here's the big thing on a front page.
Keep believing in a big picture in there's, but, uh, we're going to have I want to make sure I'm quoting him exactly where because this is kind of a delicate thing.
Um, no, no, I can't find it.
He says it's kind of like sticking it up the coaches, but is what Doug McLean said about because he kept the Strachah out of game five and he sticks him in here and he scores a gigantic goal in place phenomenal.
So I'm kind of paraphrasing, but that's really what he said.
It's kind of like sticking up my butt.
Huh.
And then he got upset about my saying that he was in the showers with Strachah the other day he gets pissed off about that.
And he's quoting in the newspapers talking about Strachah stuck it up his butt.
How do you like that, Mr. Sensitive coach?
He's got a lot on his mind right now and he'll give him a break.
Okay.
Hey, uh, like what?
Yeah, really exactly.
I gave him the winning formula and all he needs is to implement it.
I love it.
This is my last day on the current company I'm with.
I'm going back on the road.
So I will be your faithful listener.
I have been able to listen to you for last four months.
Well, it's about time you got with it.
About time you came to your senses.
Yep, I'm at my desk, which put me on hold for a few minutes.
Have a great day pal.
Thanks.
You see you.
We have an open line on the green line.
What a high Cheryl boy.
She gets a bad information by the way.
One eight hundred spoil my whole day yesterday.
She'll be pleased being Jewish.
She'll appreciate that boy because like no seriously call up my mother.
She'll give you so many high points.
She'll she'll high five you over the phone and send you 20 cases of mandal bread.
Oh, he was crenching all day good.
That's what life's all about.
Isn't it nice going, Cheryl?
I'm telling you she'll be very proud of you.
I'm going to come in here and slap you in the head in a minute.
So anyway, we have an open line on the green line.
One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred.
That's the fact when I walked in over there this morning they looked at me and said,
what's not to like?
Just like my mother would say, what's not to like?
Here's a Pembroke Pines. Hello.
How you feeling?
Phenomenal.
Excellent. I got a hand at to you.
I mean, I heard yesterday talking about putting Marty's truck back in there.
Oh, get Jason Wolley back in there.
Did that kid play a game last night or what?
Jason Wolley coming up and stopping Lemue and an open net.
Yep. Was that was that some phenomenal blocker?
Oh, Matt, I almost forgot about that play.
From your mouth to Doug McLean's ears.
To God's ears, right?
Hey, I got a quick question for you.
First of all, talking about Wayne High's anger.
Do you see the lapel pins he had on it?
A rat hanging had the big rat.
Oh, yeah, he's been doing that for last three or four games.
What a marketing genius.
Yep.
Secondly, the song that they play in the NHL after the goal is rock and roll by Gary Glitter.
Right.
Any idea how that came to be hockey tradition?
Who started that where it came from?
I really can't tell you that.
Somebody will probably know which arena that started in.
But I mean, one of the things now, for example, in Toronto, they don't play that.
They play that shake your body.
Whatever that thing is called on.
No, they do.
Don't you know what I'm talking about?
Know what you're talking about.
Yeah, what was the name of that?
Well, if I couldn't even tell you again, but you're laughing because I don't know what it is either.
But that's what they usually play.
They have some other stuff.
But they play that most of the time on the Leafscore goal.
But one of the things that disturbs me is that like a football and hockey games,
most of the arenas and the stadiums, they have the same tired song over it.
And it gets kind of a monotonous.
That song in particular pumps me up, pumps the crowd up, pumps the team up,
and enjoy listening to you, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you.
Shake your body.
What is the name of that?
What's the name of that?
Shake your body.
Like I said, that's the name of that.
I told you that.
By who?
Technotronic.
Oh, yeah, Technotronic.
Well, there you go.
Now you're talking.
What do you expect from an old man like me?
Hell, like I know crap like that.
Next you'll be asking me what we're playing on Zeta.
By the way, Pete Boulder did say we're going to be playing a lot of CCR on the show.
Roland.
Roland.
A lot of Creedence Clearwater.
Hey, it'll fit right in.
So anyway, well, they're old too.
1035 at WIOD.
Get.
When you talk live on 610 WIOD, you'll be recorded.
And we'll play the take back whenever we feel like it.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Being gay in the world today takes everything you've got.
Now you want to be legally married just because you squat.
Wouldn't you like to get away?
Okay.
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows.
You're gay.
I hear that Key West is okay.
Oi.
You want to be down on your knees.
You're a salad toss and gourmet.
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay.
Okay.
Being gay in the world today, I think is really nuts.
Your lifestyle makes you smile.
You like big hairy bucks.
But don't you hate those star key stains?
Yes!
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay.
I think that lesbian's are great.
A kiss on the lips right by your hips.
From a girlfriend seems okay.
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay.
You want to bend for your best friend put.
I sing on his cake.
You want to go where everybody knows you're gay.
Okay.
There's a dream that lives keeping every heart.
Heroes come down the night let's just leave their mark.
And it's worth the sweat and it's worth the pain.
Cause the chance may never come again.
Can't wait to go to the third period.
So here's Yachter, December Blower.
Why you shoot in late by Gord Rupi back out in Stratka.
Let's look again.
Great food by Stratka.
Don't let you go.
Stratka, Stratka!
To the street in the storm.
Go the fingers, rise.
In the air she's gone.
In the air she's gone.
In the air she's gone alone.
But the chance may never come again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Okay, 1042 at WIOD.
Only one negative I don't want to pee on our parade either but I will say this that's
some of you people out there just a small handful.
Some of you just don't know how to behave.
During the national anthem is not the time to be throwing rats or any other crap on the ice.
And then later on in the game, you know, when the goals are scored nobody loves the rats more than I do.
But other times like when you start delaying the game and you make us look like a bunch of fools nationwide,
coast to coast all over North America and got to know probably all over the world it's on right now.
Who now needs that?
You know, those people that just keep heaving stuff because you know they're all wrapped up or they're drunk or should be wrapped up.
Get them out of there.
Here's somebody we're trying to get out of our lives.
Anyway, too perfectly.
Or are you chronic lately?
I'm terrible.
Listen, since you got that gallbladder fixed.
I know exactly what McLean said.
It was incredible.
Yeah.
He said he stuck it up my ass.
I like when they do that.
I wish they'd do that more often.
Is that what he said?
That was great.
You're banned from the arena now.
You're out.
No, it says exactly where?
Yeah, right.
That's what he said.
I scored a God.
That's what the coach of the Florida.
And you know, I heard it laughingly in the whole place just cracked up.
You can hear all the reports.
I heard through the grapevine that he was a little bit and he and his wife were a little upset that I made some joke yesterday about him.
Shower, Shaka wouldn't let him shower in the stall next to him.
Don't believe it unless you hear it from him.
And he's all been out of shape about that.
And now, yeah, that's right.
I hear it second hand from that prude rimmer.
You know what a prude he is.
He's so uptight about the life in general.
Oh, man.
I'll tell you what.
I'd be uptight too if I had to go to a arena football while the Panthers are playing Game 7 in Pittsburgh tomorrow night.
And I'd not even be able to watch it on television.
Oh, my God.
I've got my baby shower tomorrow night at seven o'clock.
And you're going to your baby shower?
Why don't you just put the baby in a bathtub and just, you know, just put the hot water in there.
You know, that's, or how about it like in a paper?
It's not even born yet and you're having a baby shower.
How can you do that?
The only good thing is I won't have to watch it on my TV with the one foot crack and it with the two-inch black stripe going up and down.
That's still going to have it first yet, huh?
Andy, you better give me a call.
Damn it.
I want my freaking screen.
Oh, man.
Listen, one thing I noticed, women really get into the sport.
My wife couldn't give a crap about the dolphins or a marino or anything else.
But let me tell you what.
She was going ham, she was the ape.
I don't think the baby right there in the carpet in front of the deer.
When that had been something, you couldn't have named it a puck face.
Yeah, well, it had been perfect, wouldn't it?
Puck face.
I'm sure you've been called that often in your life or something that it sounds like that.
Some of that, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, you, you tagged a coach.
Yeah.
You tagged the line.
How'd you like that line last night, huh?
Three of the four goals.
First, we had Mel and B.
Then we had Strachan and Robbie Nidemar, who's awakened out of that slumber, man.
They were just dynamite all night long.
Listen, all night.
And not just the goals that they scored, but how'd you like?
And you notice when we had the four on four a couple of times, which I don't like four on four against the penguins,
because they're fast, they're dangerous.
Do you notice who he put out there four on four?
He put out Strachan and Nidemar.
Are too fast as guys.
Was Joe, he left last night?
Was what?
Joe vote playing a lot less last night.
Well, we had seven defense men dressed plus, plus you didn't see him that much,
because he didn't make any mistakes.
He played a solid game.
He just didn't make any mistakes, thank God.
Scroodland is incredible.
Torridly in there, Torridly in, Wariner and Murphy were both had a case of cough up disease.
And I was just puking in that towel.
I was having an nervous breakdown.
Did you see Scroodland hit Lemune in the face?
No, I didn't see that.
Oh, that was terrible.
Yeah.
And also, you know, then he put Scroodland in a cough up there on the four on four on four.
And I thought, oh boy, we got a couple of slow guys.
But they played dynamite.
They were four checkered.
They kept it in their end the whole time.
Yeah, I did see what he did to Lemune.
Oh, terrible.
Yeah, anyway, too bad.
In closing, I've got one thing to say for tomorrow night.
Yes.
No changes, coach.
All right.
Have a good...
We have an open line on the green line.
It's in the Palm Beach, 289-449-463-189-444-WIOD.
This town is pumped up.
Okay, I didn't even give you a score yesterday.
I kind of mumbled six, two, which is no even close.
But I knew we were going to win.
I was confident.
I had a good feeling about that game last night,
legitimately and honestly.
There were times during the game.
I didn't have such a good feeling about it, like early in the second period when we were
in a coma.
And then after they tied it up there on it, I'll tell you one thing about Mario Lemune.
Just when you figure he's not doing much, we got him all tied up and he makes that incredible
play.
And he just...
They try to anticipate his moves and all of a sudden he's skating around this one.
He's skating around another guy.
He's skating around three guys.
And he makes a lovely little passes.
Harry Neal would say to the open guy, Sandstrom, all alone, no chance for the Bees.
And it's tied up faster than you can say, douchebag.
But we come right back and Eater Mario stuck that one in there and that place he rupted and went crazy.
And the last six minutes with the exception of the Jagger chance, which was, oh, just gut wrenching.
With the exception of that, they really never had too many chances there in the last six minutes.
Thank the Lord.
And we did it.
We did it.
And everybody was on their feet at the end.
There was nobody who left early.
Everybody was having a parade.
But they were partying in their pants.
It was dynamite.
It's what I've been telling you for years now.
And they're finally catching on.
OK, I've had to tell you about the good stuff.
And they're finally catching on to it better late than ever.
1047 at WIOD.
It's madness of Candle Toyota.
By the way, speaking of Candle Toyota, who's at the game last night, Mark Jacobson's there.
That's right.
Haven't seen him in a game and who knows how long has he been at any games.
But now that it's a big stuff, there is Mark Jacobson there.
He don't want to miss off out on a bandwagon.
Then this Tuesday night at 80's, turn five, Pacific.
It's game one of the Stanley Cup Final.
Big shot!
As the champions of the Eastern and Western conferences face off.
And don't miss Fox Drax, the glowing electronic puck.
Remember, baseball on Fox premieres Saturday.
Unbelievable.
When the Braves face the Reds.
Ket Fox, Saturday baseball tomorrow at 12.30 on WSVN7 Fox.
So, Florello's new.
As Mother said, she was boiling water to wash clothes.
She does routinely and that's when she starts to suck his hand into water.
From South Florida's premier news team.
We can express this from the strongest of Neil.
With any strong thunderstorms, the storm is ours.
The positive thing gets the fall across or even the tornado.
Love this news.
News talking entertainment radio.
610.
W-I-O-D.
Neil God.
Neil God.
Neil God?
O-R-E.
Lauren's tailing got caught when he allegedly bought cocaine.
The former NFL back had 100 bucks worth of crack cocaine.
He was in Middle Beach acting just like Stacey Key.
He's cocaine.
I like crime, L.C.Y.
Did you buy cocaine?
One of Dallas's stars, my wife of me, I bars are cocaine.
Michael and everybody got caught in a car when he bought cocaine.
They played for us for the rest of their own new disco.
Okay, 1053, a W-I-O-D.
Here's the facts that says you know that Brian Smolensky is a Spartan, but so are the penguins Kevin Miller and the Panther's defenseman Jason.
Can we get an all right for Jason's fine goal saving shot block when Bees was out of position in the game last night?
I think Maddits can do it.
All right.
There you go.
It's at least he can do.
Mr. Hot Shot.
Anyway, it's 1053, a W-I-O-D.
A lot of people are changing their tune now all of a sudden because like I said, it comes down to one game.
And even if they beat us tomorrow night 100 to nothing, which they won't, but even if they did, can it really spoil our parade right now?
I don't think so.
Because now it's all anti-climactic.
We're five games away, five wins away from the Stanley Cup.
Do I think we match up well against Colorado?
No, but did I think we matched up well against Philadelphia?
Not really.
Did I think we matched up well against the penguins?
Hardly.
So what differences does it make?
Because like I said, when you got balls the size of watermelons, it doesn't really make any difference.
And every one of those guys on his team, I don't even know how these guys walk around.
In fact, I wondered why Jodie was walking so strange when he came up to say hi to the other night, D'Arina.
When you're hung like a moose, when you got the elephant size, it's pretty hard to walk around without dragging a little bit.
Here's the Liberty City.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Phenomenal.
Unblemable.
Yes.
Give me a play.
First and third period of last night, Marty Strock, playing that serious offense with Bill Lindsay playing a great game.
Right.
Defense by Jason Molay.
That guy took the puck full of this stomach.
Right.
That's defense.
Oh, that was a great block boy.
Like the guy said in this fact, that was a game saver right there.
If we can play like just the first and third periods, forget the second period.
That wasn't so great, but the first and third periods.
Well, yeah, but you know what you're forgetting?
Even though they outscored us two to one in the second period, like I said, after they got the first nine shots in a row,
and one of them was Kevin Miller's goal, I tied it up at that point.
But we outshot him 16 to one or something in the rest of that period.
Yeah, I mean, we really came back on like wildfire.
Yeah, Barathe was earning his paycheck.
Yeah.
No doubt.
One thing that we learned is that we can't take a little time off in any of these games, especially Saturday.
We got to play three full solid periods in concentrate, which isn't easy to do, but we can't afford to take a few minutes off.
Yeah, I can't give Yagra those breakaways.
Right.
You can't let Marleyman thought like that.
I mean, you just killed the two best players in the game.
But that damn Yagra, man, every time he gets the puck into corner especially, and he just keeps getting away from guys and gets an OA.
They've got two guys on him to try to get the puck away, and he just keeps digging and digging.
And with one army stronger than most guys with two arms, and he keeps spinning these guys around in circles and making moves.
And they come out of there and he's got the puck.
He's just unbelievable.
He's got this little tight move.
His arm will move inches.
Yeah.
The puck just peeks off.
Right.
I don't know how he does it.
Yeah, he's phenomenal.
He's something else.
I wish I had a satellite dish like you do.
ESPN the worst.
That first goal, that Melinda goal.
Yeah.
It was the second or third period before they figured out what the hell was going on.
They had no idea.
I mean, they had a crappy camera angle.
So you actually couldn't tell if Melinda or the puck went in.
Oh, CBC had it perfect as usual.
I will add on top of it.
Because the conducts, no hockey, that's the official religion up there.
Right.
ESPN has a bad camera angle, so they're going on about that, and they're talking about the penalty.
And it's obvious, no one had control of the puck on the delayed whistle.
Right.
So we're wondering whether the puck went in first or Melinda.
And then finally, after 10 minutes, 15 minutes, they finally showed the other camera angle.
You can see, yes, the puck went in first, absolutely.
Jeez, I don't know why they had so much trouble because on that part of the dispute,
you could see it like I told Rich, you could see right on the diamond board up there,
the diamond vision right inside the arena, you could see that.
Because the puck goes in, then that comes off.
Even the idiots that work at the arena, I mean, they've worked enough games.
They know how to see.
What's going on, but ESPN hasn't got it figured out yet.
Yeah. Well, they're too busy putting this down.
They're too busy talking crap.
Yeah, it's unbelievable.
Melrose, I just can't take him anymore.
Idiots.
But hey, we persevered.
Okay.
We're part two of GoPanderer.
See you pal.
Open line of day, 7519-463.
Like I've told you before, we're not going to orchestrate things for the convenience of ESPN or Schlachs or anybody else.
We're just going to go out there and keep winning games.
That's all.
And be very happy about it.
And very second, we'll have a big gigantic parade here.
And everybody's peeing all over each other and high five in and low five in and going nuts.
And like I said, the only negative thing is some of the people with a rat,
you know, there's a time and a place.
Learn the time.
It's not a question of if you're going to throw them. It's a question of when.
That's what I was thinking myself this morning. It's not a question of if.
Okay. Let's do a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I've been to a lot of sporting events and I think last night's game was one of the best sporting events I've ever attended by fan-wise.
Excitement, hockey, fabulous.
Absolutely.
It was. It was absolutely fabulous.
And you know, it's funny.
I think the rest might have had a problem with the phone on the Melon B-Go
because he was looking up at the box where the guys are and he was doing hand signals and.
Oh, yeah, he kept getting disconnected.
Yeah, I think that's what it was. I think they had a problem with the phone.
Oh, I know that.
And so I had my rat and I kind of half throw it and then I'd hold it back and I half throw it and then I hold it back.
Yeah, that's a private thing.
Yeah, that was because when Scroodland went ape shot there, I thought, okay, it's in.
I was screaming in the element and then they kept going back over there.
I've never seen that before.
Yeah, near the right.
And what about before the game started when Stanley C. Panther attacked the penguin?
That was beautiful.
I loved it.
Listen, I called up ticket master and picked the bird this morning at 9 o'clock and I got two tickets for the game up there.
I'm flying up to my right.
Are you cereal?
I'm serious.
There were two single, I called up and asked him if there were any seats together.
He had single seats only.
I got two single seats and two separate sections.
But hey, I'll go up there and I'll go and sit in my section.
Whatever tickets better, if I can't get anyone to go with me, I'll just go ahead and sell the other ticket.
There you are.
I got two tickets through ticket master.
I got the number.
I called up.
I got two tickets.
Hey, listen, I guess it's easier getting them for up there than it is down here.
Yeah, you know, they were no two seats together but they had single seats available.
That's good for that.
So it's great fans, man.
I got a hell of a team but the fans, a lot of games during the regular season, even against good opposition.
You see empty seats up there?
Yeah, no, I mean, I got, it was no problem.
The guy goes, yeah, I got a single seat here and then I can only do one transaction at a time.
I couldn't get two, I had to do like one ticket pay for it and then another ticket and I thought,
by the time the first transaction goes through, I'll never be able to get the second seat.
Right.
But it was still available.
Beauty.
Okay, pal, have a great time.
All right, thanks, Neil.
Bye.
See ya.
An excellent thing, a beautiful thing.
I bet you we got a bunch of people going up.
We have an open line in Brown.
Of course, I know somebody that's going to be doing a rena football while the game is going on.
But hey, you know, it's just one of those things we all got to eat.
You know what I'm saying?
We got to do what we got to do.
Let's get this crap settled.
It's a game.
Let's play hockey, WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Use, clock, and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Good morning.
At 11 o'clock, I'm Terry Griffin with 610 WIOD news.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
Go.
Oh.
It's kind of a frightening thought that she's reproducing, but what the hell?
It's not all that hard, so to speak.
That's what he said.
It's 11 o'clock, WIOD.
Happy Friday.
What a weekend.
What a weekend.
This is going to be.
Before those guys get on a plane, by the way, they should all know that winner lose.
We love each and every one of them.
Some of them a little more than others, but they can't all look that good.
And even the coach, okay?
I'll overlook some of the stuff.
The fact that he tried to show how much smarter he was than I am.
We all know that it's not true.
Just ask Brian Murray, man.
I'll tell you.
You're not eating those pastries that were out in the hallway, are you?
Yes, I am.
Pig.
Why?
It's like...
I'm calling Dr. Atkins right now.
It's like banana bread or something like.
Well, it was a...
It's like an air-okay bread.
Yeah, banana, but not real bread, but banana bread, which is probably even worse because it's got sure in it.
And it's really good, too, by the way.
And I think there's one more piece and I'm going to eat it.
Whether you like it or not, smarty pants.
In fact, that's one thing I told the Paxen people this morning.
I said, George is okay, but he's the nosiest bastard.
Yeah, and...
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
And they said, what do you know how those pigs are?
I said, yeah, that's true.
Okay.
How you doing?
I just want to reiterate, I was at the game last night and I have to say I've been to sporting events for 30 years and that was the greatest sporting event I've ever been to.
Amen.
I think that the crowd will them to win in the third period.
The noise level kept getting larger and you could just sense the energy they were reflecting down the ice.
You'll be pleased to know that when the game started on the CBC because I got my tape at home and Chris Cutsberg came on and said to John Gerrard.
He said, we've talked about how loud it's been in here every night all through the playoffs, but he said, I don't think it's ever been as loud as this.
And that wasn't the beginning and it just kept getting louder from there.
One player I have to, I really have to give some alerts to and that's Bill Lindsay.
Right.
I think if you notice in the second period they were leading two to one.
If they got another goal...
That's right.
I said before, maybe you didn't hear it.
I said, that was the turning point of the entire game.
And you've got to look at what he has done.
He scored the game winner against Boston the sixth game.
Right.
And Philadelphia in the sixth game, he was the one who picked up the loose puck, came in on a breakaway and started the route in the sixth game in Philadelphia.
Right.
I think he's the money player on the team and look where he did when he said he passed back to Strockett.
Exactly.
But when you, if you watch Strockett last night from the get go, he was on fire.
Yep.
And I just hope McLean keeps Jason Wolley in him in the lineup.
I agree.
But I got to say, when I walked out of the arena that the consensus was that it didn't matter what happened, let him sat at 8.
Because for the Panthers to win it in front of their fans, I think we already want to Stanley Cup.
Right.
I think they've done it.
And I think I say, I just want to make sure people understand there is nothing better than what this team has done in South Florida history.
Right.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
All right.
We have an open line on the green line.
He said it extremely well.
And he's absolutely right.
And if this sounds a little bit syrupy today, too bad.
We don't care if you don't want to be part of our party like that bitch that called yesterday.
I always said, are you going to talk about his hockey now?
Do we need to play out?
Yeah, that's right.
If you got something else important, you want to talk about sweetheart, lay it on the table, sweetheart.
Get it out.
Lay it right here on the table.
And let's sink our teeth into it.
What is it?
She didn't have nothing else to talk about.
And she admits that she's listened every day.
And she's listening right now.
And she's probably even put that.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
This is pretty good.
You know what?
Yeah.
Right.
Because when it turns out that you're winners, when it turns out that it's something really exciting and positive,
then people that don't even know what you're talking about say, oh yeah, that's pretty good stuff.
What is it? How do they play that?
But that's what people are like.
They want something they can grab onto that's good.
All my life, I've always felt that way.
If I can find something good to grab onto, let me have it.
You know what I'm talking about?
It looks good.
Exactly.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, which I bet it's not that one.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I just want to take some credit for their win yesterday.
Okay.
Because I didn't watch it on TV.
I've never seen them win on TV, so I've paced for three hours.
And I just want to tell you this.
You did what?
I've paced for three hours.
I've never been able to watch them win on TV.
So I figured that I'm bad luck.
And you listen to it on a radio?
No, I didn't do anything.
I've paced in front of a blank screen.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Oh, listen to this.
And you think you got mental problems, folks?
No, listen to this.
So I'm talking to this old lady in another state.
And she's flipping the channel.
And she goes, oh my god, I'm just disgusting.
I said, what?
She goes, there's a rap fall over the ground somewhere.
I said, oh my god.
I said, that means I'm up to scars.
There you go.
Yeah, so that's it.
She probably never heard that expression before anyway scored.
No, yeah, probably not.
Probably not.
All right, have a great day.
Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
We appreciate it.
Take care.
Bye.
She was pacing it.
She was trotting and pacing and squatting and back and forth in front of a blank screen.
I bet your Paul Harvey Jr.
Could be doing the same thing too with that set that he busted the internet, pacing in
front of a blank screen for about 500 bucks.
Yeah, there's rats on the ice.
Oh, yeah, look how disgusting that is.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I think everybody's realizes that we came up with something uniquely hours, okay?
Uniquely hours.
And of course, over in that neighborhood, it fits in like a glove.
It's perfect.
Rats.
Some with two legs, some with four legs, some with no legs.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Phenomenal.
Outrageous.
The best.
The best.
Listen, let me give you an insight of what happened last night on the Melanby Gulf.
Okay.
What happened was that...
The fact Rich got it wrong?
Yeah, that Rich is very wrong.
Because I heard this from Melanby on your sister's station Zeta this morning.
He said that what the goal was...
By the way, I was over there this morning.
And I'm looking, running on the hallway and kissing me right on the lips.
What does that mean?
I don't know, but did you touch his lucky butt?
No, I did not.
Okay, then.
But I might.
You missed out.
Okay, well, the thing was that the goal was good.
They didn't...
The bench didn't even, you know, had no controversy about that.
Yeah.
And of course, the penalty was nullified because the goal was good.
But there was an earlier penalty up ice.
And that's what...
You know, I wanted.
That's right.
He wanted that penalty stand.
Right.
And they were...
That was the controversy.
He said, I want that penalty to stand it.
You know, they said, well, null.
And so we just took the goal and just kept on skating.
So that's the true story.
And that's from the Lombys mouth.
And by the way, he's a pro.
You're right, because in the midst of the excitement,
I forgot about all that, but there was a second penalty.
You're right.
What?
Right.
Like I said.
Yeah.
Go Panthers.
Okay.
Yeah, Farridge was right.
No, there was another penalty.
There was an additional penalty that he was going to call.
But it was a delayed penalty coming up.
But because we scored the goal, I would have been wiped out.
So I don't know what he's talking about.
You had it like, when I have time in the leisure of my...
The privacy of my little room there, I'll...
We're winding the tape back and I'll figure it out.
In the meantime, who cares?
It's like some of the people at the game last night are going to...
Well, how come...
Well, we got the goal.
What difference does it make?
You know, we got the goal.
What do you have in a big song and a dance about?
A take it in the smile and be happy.
Some of them are writing a book, I guess.
It's called, I was a putz.
1113 at WIOD.
Good hockey club, you know, as far as I'm concerned, all the guys...
We know we pitch in, take care of each other's babies, all the wives go shopping...
We diaper each other, you know, and the kids get loose on the street.
It's a great plan for the team.
Phil Hendry, 2 to 6PM on News Talk and Entertainment Radio, 16 WIOD.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I'm a real horny.
My marine boyfriends outkilling in another country.
What should I do?
Sergeant Dildo reporting for DUDY, man.
Sergeant Dildo?
Sergeant Dildo, the soldier that digs deep in the bush.
He'll fill your foxhole with love.
He'll blow you away.
Just strap on his helmet, add 2 D batteries and switch him on.
I'm going in!
What?
This...
This nerve...
Spencer!
Oh, yeah.
Right out.
Oh, yeah.
Sergeant Dildo.
Sergeant Dildo, that all adult bookstores and army surplus outlets.
So, by the way, we heard from Sally lately or what?
It's 1147 at WIOD.
What is it?
What?
The monitor.
The monitor.
Not good.
Why, it's going to like fix itself like spontaneous emission or something.
I think some people may have had some of those at the game last night,
but I don't think the monitor is going to like fix itself.
No, it's still in fact it's just the only moments before you walked in there.
I made you cut out again and I like...
But as soon as you turn a mic switch on, so that's good.
Just keep popping a mic switch on.
Like when somebody walks in the room and opens up a big mouth,
just pop on a mic switch and say, oh, if you want to hear the monitor,
and by the way, we're on here in the year, what you just said,
that began with an F.
And I think it was the same thing JD said on the game last Sunday.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Miami on a purple line is gone.
That we pay for on the AT&T and on the other one.
Oh, I'm here, I'm here.
Oh, thank God.
Man, I had John Holt.
That would be depressing.
Neil, do you know Lemieux was quoted in a Pittsburgh paper saying that Panthers are the toughest...
The best defensive team he's ever played against in his life.
How do you like that?
Do you believe that?
Which covers quite a bit of territory.
Yes, sir.
And why don't you play that song at the arena?
That, you know, the dream may never come again?
I suggested that.
I told him that it because there's a great video that goes along with it from CBC.
It's phenomenal.
And it's got all the clips from the, you know, the different series ongoing
and the playoffs including Panthers and Penguins and Red Wings and Warner.
And the guy from CBC, John Shannon, said, well, we don't want to offend the Penguins.
I don't know I would offend them because they're featured in their two, Mario and Yager and Barassa.
I would have been a great idea, but it was my idea so they're not going to do it.
It would have been phenomenal.
Place would have gone nuts.
I could use bumpstriving down U.S.1 listening to it.
I know it.
I'm going to keep working on it.
Maybe for the Avalanche series.
There you go.
Finals.
Looks like you might have caught a elbow in the face yesterday.
I didn't take a towel out of your mouth.
I know it.
Look tough.
I know it.
I just hid them.
Thank God for that towel, man.
I was biting it and squeezing it and clenching it and the towel too.
All right, partner.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Here's your Pittsburgh.
Cheer him on at Pittsburgh.
All right.
Hey, Mark Chakres, he got to go into politics.
I saw him walking around the arena all night.
Yeah.
Just a politics.
Mr. Slick, huh?
He wasn't there for the game.
He was, I don't know what he was building.
They don't come any slicker or slimer than my buddy Mark.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Copa.
So anyway, yeah, they're all in the bad wagon now.
A Greg Cotex has got the unmitigated gallstones to write an article in a heraldous morning.
And there's nothing even mentioned there like we have Alzheimer's.
Like we forgot about the fact that last night was supposed to be the last game and we lose.
That's what he said.
Oh, yeah, we were supposed to be all depressed like the guy.
Remember the guy the other day says to me, I'm supposed to be depressed and angry.
Not just depressed, but angry because we lost that game in Pittsburgh.
I wasn't depressed and I wasn't angry.
The only thing I'm depressed and angry about today is that yesterday,
somebody ruined a whole day of my life and today they're running around a building laughing about it in kind of a jappy way.
That's all right.
She'll get hers.
She'll get hers.
Don't worry about that.
Let's go to plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Coach Neil.
Coach Neil, you got him.
How you doing?
Are you getting part of the coach's salary?
Yes, I am as a matter of fact, 50%.
Great quality, yes.
Are they all drunk and whirly?
How about that?
That was a great save whirly made.
Yeah, I made the save of the night.
Even the beasard ever made one as good as that last night.
And then of course, Draco sticks in the goal and played phenomenal all night long.
And he really sparked that Needomire and Melon be lying and he's dynamite.
Yeah, I was wondering, did you read the article in the local section of the Fort Florida Pavell about this tax-free thing to do with the arena?
Right, nice going Wayne.
Add a boy.
Anything Wayne wants now.
It's okay with me.
Do you think that of course any problems with the crowd?
No, it's a done deal.
Don't worry about it.
Talk to some people about it again yesterday.
It's a done deal.
It's all said.
It's in the, just right in Braille.
And let me ask you a question about that frog, Lamu, what's his name?
Claude.
Claude, yeah, Claude the frog.
He's probably one of the dirtiest players in the league I take it.
Yes.
But when it comes down to taking off the gloves of the US top at the US dirty?
Not really.
In fact, I don't see him fight that much to be honest with.
He's a good, cheap shot artist.
Kind of like Old Samuelson on a Rangers formerly in the Penguins.
Good, cheap shot artist, but when it comes to fighting, you know, he knows how to run fast.
He's a hit and run man.
Yeah, he wears the visor and he runs fast.
Can I make a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
You have a tape of John Bobbitt, the Vegematic.
Can you play that, please?
I might dig it out.
Okay, thank you Neil.
So to speak.
Have a great day, Bobbitt.
Okay, you too.
I think he got all worked up by that dildo thing, man.
So anyway, it's 1121.
I think that started it.
You know, you start with one small one and before you know it.
It's 1121 at WIOD.
Use talk at entertainment radio.
16WIOD.
It was the greatest TV offer ever, the fabulous Ronco Vegematic.
And now attention ladies in the labor-saving tradition of the Vegematic,
Bobbitt Co. presents the all new Vegematic.
Vegematic, the first feminine hygiene product that offers more than just feminine protection.
Here is how it works.
Your husband, Earl, is an abusive alcoholic loser.
And he's come home again late on a Saturday night.
Hey, baby, it's me.
And I'm ready to party.
Actually, dear, I'm rather tired.
I'm going to sleep your drunk and I don't want you to touch me.
Earl doesn't know it, but she's inserted her brand new Vegematic feminine protection devil.
Hey, let's boogie, baby.
Ready or not.
Here comes Earl.
Earl, I must warn you, I'm wearing my new Vegematic.
So please, leave me alone.
Vegematic sounds kinky-pink.
Let's do it.
I'm warning you, don't do that.
Wow!
Oh, it's hot!
Help me!
I'm bleeding!
Hey, my f***'s gone!
Don't worry, honey, when I said, though, I met no.
Give me back my f***!
I don't think so.
The Vegematic slices and dices, and a puree.
Hey, no, not puree!
Ah!
They won't be able to sow that back on.
It's Vegematic, real feminine protection from Bobitco.
What are you going to do with my f***'s money?
I make incinercages.
You're trying to...
No, no, no, no!
Vegematic picks the ginseng eyes, throw out your machete, and try a Vegematic.
It slices, it snips, it mutilates, and it's beltless, and it even makes julienne fries.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Vegematic from Bobitco.
Call now and receive a free pocket fisherman, and our handy home suture kit.
Hi, I'm Lorraine and Bobit, and when he comes to feminine protection,
nothing cuts the mustard like a Vegematic.
Vegematic!
Order now!
Call 1-800-866-742-6.
That's 1-800-866.
Organ!
Okay, and if you're going to send one of those as a gift by mail,
like for Daddy's, they'd be sure to put a nice bowl on it.
The hands of f***ing wrap it up, you know what I'm saying?
So anyway, 27 past 11 at WIOD on a great Friday.
Everybody's in a real partying mood here.
Everybody is a foaming at the mouth, and jumping up and down,
and the apple-plectic here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Speaking of Father's Day.
Yes, sir.
This is STEM.
Chronic.
We won't. Chronic got two days off this morning.
Oh, so you were there last night, huh?
No, I wasn't.
Oh, because I noticed that you and your wife,
neither one came by and said, hello.
We were a little bit busy.
Had the baby?
Had the baby.
Well, isn't that amazing?
You wouldn't let me go to the game.
Huh.
And I said, honey, I'm going no matter what.
She didn't feel well, and said, well, I'm going to have the baby then.
And so, she's done a spide.
Had the baby yesterday about six o'clock last night.
So, and of course, we're at a hospital.
It doesn't have cable TV, so I was stuck yet again.
Oh, beautiful.
There's nothing worse for a little kid than being born by a boy
to a father that hates it already before it's even popped out.
I can't hate her, but so my buddy, I gave the ticket to my next door neighbor,
so he's happy as a large.
Great.
Got me the ticket, so I've got a three.
Well, you sure missed a great game, STEM.
That's what I had to be picked up in there.
Too bad your wife was given birth to some pain in the ass baby.
That's what I hear, but I wanted to call you and let you know.
And this way, George and Bob Rikouper City and Dean and Fred O'olmell.
And Harlan.
And Harlan.
Well, I won't talk to Harlan anymore, but if he's listening.
Why not?
I'll know.
I just can't find him again.
Well, there you go.
But, uh, so yeah, I just want to let you know.
I'll let you know I missed the game again.
And other wife, she wants to stay in the hospital tomorrow night,
11 o'clock.
I said, well, you can do what you want, but I'm going to watch the game.
There you go.
And I am talking to find him, why is it up?
And I just off the wait and get the Stanley Cup ticket.
And you won't have to worry about any pain in the ass interruptions.
When's the first game?
Next Tuesday night?
Tuesday night.
Well, I'll be there for that.
And then there's a Tuesday Thursday Thursday.
Saturday and then there's Sunday.
Hi, arena.
Uh, let's see Tuesday and Thursday Saturday and, uh, whenever.
Okay, we'll be there Saturday and you're in.
Okay.
Hey, see you, Stan.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Bye-bye.
Open line on the green line.
They're reproducing.
So 1-800-9-4-4-4-4-4-6-3-189-4-4-4-4-W-I-O-D.
Yeah, get over there to the, uh, Paxen complex in the North Day this morning over there by TCI.
And, uh, there was Pete Bulger and there was a Mitch Lewis was there.
And you'll never guess, you know, it was kind of embarrassing as Mitch Lewis saw me and guess what he pressed right up against the window.
Correct him.
Yeah, it was something like that.
And then it was an omelet running around in the hallway saying, oh boy, you see Paul's number?
As you see, by the get out of here and, uh, on the AM side at I&C, there was John McLaughlin.
It used to be Bill Calder's producer who's gotten old in the gray and, um, who else was it?
Laurie Shepherd was there and Wendy Harmon was there from accounting.
Oh, those accounting people, the station to go through ownership changes a thousand times,
but it's always the same accounting type people because they know where the bodies are buried.
They know where all the loose changes.
They know how to feel the change.
They're all there.
Wendy was there.
Wendy Harmon, by the way, I gave away a little dog when I was at I&C.
I'm trying to think of whose dog it was or where we found it or what that was all about.
But I remember I had a little puppy.
Maybe somebody gave it to me.
And in fact, I should have asked Wendy if she'd like a nice miniature pencher.
God, I forgot to ask her that.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Since you're more of the hockey station in QAM, I need to find out if you can put out a bulletin,
uh, what the antenna area is for them coming back if they are because I heard they packed for a week.
Under leaving the panthers.
What do you mean by that for a week?
They took a close for a week because I guess if they win, they're going to go straight to Denver for my...
Why do you say now?
Right.
So we want to be there at the airport.
Whatever happens.
I mean, if they're not coming, I want to find out.
You know, I want to find out the real scoop because if they come home at all, we want to be there.
And if they come home, which they won't lose us.
Okay, we'll work on it.
All right, just put it up.
We can all the stuff for you.
Thanks.
Okay.
Andy Calbus in there.
Now, don't trust him.
Okay, because we're not sure about him.
His name was not...
Okay.
And I see Steve Nichol just came back in the building.
How Steve's doing?
Huh?
Was he smiling?
Was he crying?
Was he like...
Oh, he's drinking.
Well, it's almost known for Christ'sakes.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-944-946-3-1800-944-W-I-O-D.
I think we ought to have a panthers party here today, don't you?
I think we ought to have some food in this joint and have a big massive celebration and party all over the goddamn place.
In honor of last night's massive win.
Oh!
Don't you think so?
In honor of our great meetings that we had this morning, George, but that's only for us.
But hey, we can be selfish.
Why not?
They love you.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
For the panthers, the couple be ours.
And that is not even bragging.
It's no deception.
Go panthers, we'll cheer.
Come on, jump on the bandwagon.
Why don't you?
Whether we win, whether we lose.
Panthers, Laura, I love you.
And when those jumps start to yell and the panthers are wins.
We'll cheer harder and harder.
They'll tell us to what they will.
You'll never win.
Panthers, run to your mothers.
We'll stick together and stick them to them.
Because one goal leads to another.
That's right, because one goal leads to another.
I'm all flat now.
You're doing so good.
You were rolling.
I got so nervous.
That was great.
I love you.
And I'm having a party at my home tomorrow night.
Great.
And I'm so excited.
Might as well keep going.
You know, it's so much fun now.
We might as well just keep rolling right along.
But I'm going to do this to music and I'm going to send it to you.
All right.
Hey, just for my effort, could you kind of dig up this really hilarious thing
that I heard once on your thing?
And I haven't heard it for ages.
Yes.
It's a phone call that somebody's making to a lady.
And then you hear this stupidest,
most ignorant laughter.
The background.
Do you know the one I'm talking about?
No.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
What are they talking about?
I don't even remember because the last that I hear in the background is so funny by itself.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
No, not even remotely.
I mean.
Sounds like a jerky boys thing.
Oh my goodness.
It is.
I know that you've played it before.
There's no doubt about it.
And if anybody out there has heard this and knows what I'm talking about,
please let them know what it is.
You know what it is.
I thought you were going to talk about the guy that calls up the wife and says he had a fire.
The husband.
Oh, no, that's a good one too.
That's not love that.
No, this is one that has like,
I mean, even Rick and Suds play that last only the last part of it.
Yeah.
But it's a full conversation.
Are you sure it's something I play?
Maybe it's one of their things.
No, no, I'm pretty sure it's I heard it on you.
Okay, well maybe somebody you'll know.
Okay.
Okay, Suddard.
Nice job.
All right.
We love you Panthers.
Oh, yes we do.
The way you skate and score and follow through.
Bring on Yager and love you.
Oh, Panthers, we love you.
Oh, we love you, Scroogeland.
Oh, yes we do.
Yes.
Even when you took that double two first-flicing brand of more clean through.
Oh, Scrooge, we love you.
Oh.
We love you, Malinby.
You're where it's at.
You made the season.
You're of the rat.
Why am I very afraid, Cat?
Scott Malinby where it's at.
Yes.
We love you, Neater Meyer.
You've really bloomed.
Like a flower in a sunny room.
Oh.
You're gonna score again.
We're here soon.
Rob Neater Meyer, we love you.
Score, score.
We love you, Beaver.
Oh, yes we do.
With your mighty tats and glove hand too.
We'll give the credit where it's due.
Van Beekbrook, we love you.
Oh.
We love you, Lindsay.
Oh, yes we do.
The way you beat Ray Bork and ran for two.
Yes.
That short-handed goal was cruel.
Oh, Bill Lindsay, we love you.
Oh.
We love you, Doug McClain.
Oh, yes we do.
You'll be coach of the year because it's true.
Unbelieveable.
You brought us all this way.
Who knew?
Oh, panthers, we love you.
Oh.
You know, it's interesting.
I said before that everybody on this team, they got their hung like they got dinosaur balls as well as something like that.
I said they have balls the size of dinosaur eggs.
I think the way I put it.
And somebody, I can't imagine who it might have been, but there's like an anonymous fax here.
It said, no, you got there wrong.
It's Dinosaur, Dinosaur, whatever.
Cut the crap, will you?
24 till noon at WIOD.
So we go to game seven.
So it's in Pittsburgh.
So what?
The best panthers coverage is right here.
And we don't even have their games.
So what?
New talking entertainment radio.
Yes, so what?
2010, WIOD.
45 to go to the third period.
There is Yager up to center, Brad Lauer.
Well, you shoot in, played by Gord Murphy, back out in Straska.
Let's look again.
Great food by Straska.
Bill Lynch, the trucker.
Shoot it out.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
By the way, you know Paul Harvey, Jr.
was right for once in his life, because I'm reading the, uh, this must be in a, oh,
the Palm Beach Post, the account of last night's game, and it says unlikely score is
emerged.
And the Panther Scratch Martin Stracker, the par...
Well, whatever it says, scores along with Bill Lindsay.
But anyway, Stracker said he wasn't annoyed about being scratched in Tuesday's game five,
saying that's part of the game.
But Doug McClain saw it differently, saying Stracker was trying to stick it to the coach by
playing well.
I like it when they do that, McClain said.
So in other words, what Paul Harvey Jr. said was true.
He likes when the player stick it up his nose.
How do you like that?
All of a sudden, he's regaining a sense of humor.
We went in gaming, all of a sudden he's got a sense of humor back.
Nice going, Doug.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we were having a good time up here in Pompano last night.
You know, we're up at the bar and there's a lot of rats throwing and everything.
Yeah.
I've seen a lot of smile on people's face.
I haven't seen it in a while.
I mean, it was just a good crowd and a good crowd.
What a wonderful thing, man.
In the midst of all this murder and mayhem and chaos, we finally got something good to squeeze.
I'm telling you, it's a good column of struck a loyalty thing too.
You really pulled it off and out.
Yes, I did.
Yes, I did.
You can imagine how I felt when Strakas stuck that one in there.
Oh, man, that was that was the greatest.
I'm saying this is me, man.
Coach Rogers.
I'm telling you, did it up, but.
Okay, pal.
Go Panthers.
See ya.
Open line and Broward.
5249463524WOD.
We're going to have some damn good stuff going on here today.
We're going to have some food in here.
We're working on trying to put a thing together if we go to Denver.
Next Tuesday, we're trying to put some kind of a deal together for that and see how that's going to fly.
If it does, it's not on value, Jen.
Is it?
Okay, here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if people know that the ESPN reranned that game last night starting at 2 a.m.
I'll be dead.
Which means they'll probably do the same thing sat tomorrow night.
So if people that miss it the first time, they might want to set their VCRs.
Okay.
And that lady that was trying to think of that bit, I think it's the rabbit bit, the Elmer foot bit.
That's the laugh I think she was trying to describe.
Were there laughing in the background?
No, he did a real dumb laugh right at the end of it.
Oh, I think that's the bit.
Well, we'll see.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
All right.
And the rabbit too.
Good.
Okay, take care.
We have an open line in there.
You think that's what he was talking about was the Elmer foot because you were paying any attention.
You're being bothered again in here.
No, but I'll be right there.
By a whole bunch of other people, huh?
I have no people are calling in saying, I think it's this one.
I think it's that one.
I have no idea what any of them are talking about.
Yeah, what's going on here?
You ought to put it like a lock on it.
No, I'm talking about the colors.
I'm talking about the people keep coming in.
They're all day.
Well, you know, they want reports about what?
You know.
Hey, tell me my name.
But Tom Nungen.
Nungen business.
Yeah, we're in.
Right.
We're in.
They love us.
Okay.
That's because they don't know we're really pinn and he asked.
They love us.
They want you.
And what about Steve Nichol?
What's the story with him?
Has he come in here to tell us a good, bad thumbs up, thumbs down, mind your own business?
Huh?
He's on a floor with a bottle in there.
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the wabich you have for sale in the paper.
Okay.
What kind of wabich are they?
Okay.
I have some locks.
Yeah.
And I have some locks.
Some spotty locks and some solid colored locks.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straighty or doe and I have two dwarves.
What are dwarves?
They're small rabbys.
Oh, okay.
We have a farm.
Uh-huh.
And we like to play with the wabich on a farm.
You wouldn't happen to have any like little wabich handcuffs?
Did he want?
Little handcuffs for the wabich.
Yes, cuffs.
Yes.
Oh, so I never heard of them.
What?
Well, you...
We used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wabits.
And we take them and nail them to a twig by their ears and in skin and alive.
Uh-huh.
There was.
Hello.
And now, what?
If that's what you don't do at least, right, sir?
I couldn't say you were ready.
We have a little game we play called all wabits must die.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Uh-uh.
I wouldn't say you were ready.
Uh-uh.
First.
$50.
I like to hunt the wabich.
All right.
Okay.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits.
But these aren't for keel.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively.
Now, sir, I'm sorry.
I wouldn't say you were ready.
Sometimes we even spare them due to head with a rusty water.
Do you think that's it?
Could that be it?
My dad had been in I sure hope so because if we can tickle our fancy just a little bit
that'll improve her day and her weekend in her life, right?
Whatever.
In the meantime, here's a lady in coconut creek.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm calling to apologize.
For what?
For my call yesterday.
You're the bitch.
I'm the bitch.
Oh, you'd be better doing a sports show because that's all you talk about.
The pantheon's in a hockey.
I'm so relieved your meeting went well.
Oh.
Um, so really that the pantheon's won.
I watched every second of it.
And it really was just a joke.
Oh, you'll be amused to know speaking of our meeting.
You know, were you listening yesterday when that old guy called when it's chronic
asking me about when we go over there?
Is George going to do this?
And is this one going to do that?
And I said to guys absolutely chronic and is he writing a book and bug?
Remember that guy?
Yeah.
Come to find out he's calling Pete Boulder every day over there.
Ask a bunch of questions to this guy.
Get a life where you're bound.
There's a message from Pete Boulder.
I'm relaying to this guy.
Get a life.
I was in the car and I thought maybe you needed a shot in the arm because you sounded like
you were just beside yourself with nerves and eating and going into crazy.
So I thought well, I'd give you something just go crazy about.
I guess I was a little bit bored.
Yeah, right.
I had some of my chronic friends call me during the afternoon and say,
was that you that bitch?
Could they recognize my voice?
I said, you know that bitch?
Yeah, I heard that.
Well, that's great.
It goes to show you somebody's list on anyone.
Crucified.
Crucified.
I'm sorry.
Ago my face.
I'm glad they won.
I love you.
That's okay.
X okay.
Okay, I'm glad you're out.
I'm glad you're out.
Okay.
See ya.
Good night.
Okay, we have an open line and Broward.
Well, listen, we're not going to like forgive her right off the bat that easy.
We don't let him off the hook.
Hey, Tom, can you get me off the hook for old time and say, can't do it, Sally.
Yeah, it's funny because I go into the Paxing building this morning.
There was Tom Hagen standing there and he said, oh, that was a wreck, but nobody got hurt.
So anyway, it's 1147.
Yeah, that was amazing.
I walked through that.
They have this enormous building.
There's about 400 radio stations all housed in that building.
And now I don't know about you, George, because you evidently were paying more attention, but like 8 million different little production studios, they pretty much all look the same.
And the best part of it is there was like no car machines because everything is digitalized.
Now, am I going to know how to do that being old and a funny day like I am?
Oh, it's really easy.
Oh.
Hey, I got news for you.
I happen to be a pretty damn expert.
I can go in that room and do more in like 10 minutes than some people can do in 10 hours.
I was very impressed.
No so-called talents wouldn't know what a button was.
That's right.
But anyway, no, so that's really good.
And we won't have to worry about carts and about cart racks and all that.
And we can put everything well.
Then when the audience calls in and says, hey, by the way, remember that thing?
And I'll say, oh, yeah, it's right here.
And I've just put my finger on it and the bit too.
Yeah, better keep that omelette out of there.
He was starting to look pretty good this morning.
You know what?
He looks a lot better in person over in the studio.
They're the, they does dressed up and had Zutsu at the hockey game.
But hey, I guess he belongs to Paul.
It's 1148 at W.
Hey, listen, omelettes are okay on the Atkins.
Use talking entertainment radio.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
It is the classic novel you never read in high school.
Read it in just in time for the NBA playoffs.
Jain Air Jordan.
Jain Air Jordan, Emily Bromtees, at the story of our two lovers who want to go one-on-one for life.
Oh, what?
You've taken your ball of love down my lane straight to the pole of my heart.
I'm so happy I'm going for a 360 jam.
I'm so happy.
Let's go, little.
Oh, Jain Air Jordan because it's good.
By the way, how's the heat doing?
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's 1152 at W.
O D.
A lot of people there who thought they knew where to go.
And let's see, it's the 31st of May, which last time I checked my calendar, today is like the last day of May.
Last time I checked my co-lander.
And this is it.
And I thought for sure that it was like sometime this month we were going to hear the official announcement,
at least according to Ike Seaman over to our Channel 6 news.
Our great investigative heroine list from Mickey Erison and Tony Ritterin.
It was all a done deal in the Miami Arena and a heater good doing this and Pat Riley's going to haircut.
And all of a sudden, like tomorrow is the 1st of June.
What's that?
Oh, look at that.
That's for me.
Holy Toledo.
And another one from my good close personal friend, Denise Potfan, and his gang over there at Potfan Sports.
Oh, now don't put that over there.
I can't see it.
That's it.
Pull it up close for an old and the blind man like me.
It's another lithograph and it's a Stanley Cup championship playoff tracker.
Oh, I like that.
And it's got all the emblems of the teams from the different series starting with the opening round right through the where we are now.
And of course, it's got like it.
Now, has it got stickers to put on there or what?
Maybe they're in the envelope.
Oh, and that's something.
You got it?
Oh, yeah, look at that.
There's a thing on the back that's got the stickers and you peel them off of there and you stick it.
In fact, that's what Denise told me last time I saw him at the arena.
He says, ain't he ill stick it?
But look at that.
It's a beautiful.
It's the playoff tracker and it's got a thing of like a generic hockey player on it with a big Stanley Cup in a background all over the outline of North America.
And then it's got the various matchups like I said underneath and you peel the things and you put them in here whoever wins.
And here's a note from Jeff over at Potfan Powerplay Productions.
Says, you thought you might like to attract us to the cup.
At a while, Jeff.
And don't forget those Billy Lindsay lithographs too.
Those are phenomenal.
If you're a Panther fan or a collector, you must.
You absolutely positively.
They're going like hotcakes.
What was that number one 800 one?
Remember the one I kept getting wrong for the other.
Huh?
For who?
For the Billy Lindsay lithograph, the other thing that he sent us by one 800 puck this.
Now, what was it?
Ah, damn it.
That's my hat trick with hat.
Hat trick with a K.
That's right.
1 800 HAT TRIK with no C.
Hat trick with no C.
And they'll give you the info and those things are how much were they?
I think they were like 49.95.
Unframed and 80 something like that frame.
But boy.
And it's got the goal from the Boston series.
You know the one where Ray Bork is on his ass and Billy Lindsay has faked him out of his jock.
And Ray is down here on the ice and one spot and his cup is in another spot and Randford's enough.
It's beautiful.
Here's the lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, finally.
Finally we got to you.
Yeah.
Hey, I am so excited.
Let me tell you.
I was born on skate.
I was born in the town.
Boy, that must have been tough to get you out.
I must have been a C section.
Yeah, right.
And it was, as a matter of fact, but not real.
But I was born when the Montreal Canadian there in that town when it was English.
Yeah.
Oh, and a good old days, right?
Till the frost of it over.
I went to school with a guy named Dennis Potman.
Huh.
And it makes me wonder.
Oh, leave him alone with you.
Yeah.
He got a lot of stress.
Did he use to play hockey?
Sure.
Yeah.
I heard he played a game or two.
I'm not really sure what team it was.
He played a few games.
Yeah.
Well, like when I was a kid it was Maurice Shard.
Maurice Derocken was Shard.
That's right.
Yeah.
And then when we lived in Toronto it was Bobby Hall.
And it was, we were used to the family cup coming to us every year.
Right.
I have never been so excited in my whole life as I have this past.
Well, let me see.
This might, let me see if this brings back any memories here.
Canadian still have a day roller fine.
He's still back here getting up right away.
He's going in a ball.
He's going in a ball.
Danny Galivan, how do you like that?
Oh, God.
Remember that?
Those are the old days, huh?
Yeah. Those are the go-to-roll days.
Yeah.
Danny's not feeling good today.
I haven't watched hockey for years.
I haven't watched a few.
I have a hard time seeing the puck.
Yeah.
And I call my dog the other day when it was on count 7.
And I said, look what they've done for me.
They put a thing around the puck and I know you hate that.
Oh.
Yesterday, forget that.
It's going.
Yeah.
It's on a way, you would.
Well, that's okay.
So I don't talk like that anymore.
I've been this country longer than I was in that country.
But anyway.
Yes.
I have never been so excited.
My dogs are scared out of their mind because they've never heard me go nuts
from the TV set before.
And last night, you know, if I don't have a hard time now, I am never going to have a hard time.
Well, good.
That sounds promising.
So we are so excited.
I don't care how many games I saw in Montreal and that there was never anything like this.
You're right.
Never.
This is where it's at.
This is it, boy.
Forget about that the Dickie Moore man.
Forget about those guys, right?
Yeah.
You remember the mask that Jack Plant used to wear?
Yeah, sure do.
I'll forget about him.
He's not feeling too good either.
Okay.
Have a great time, sweetheart.
Thank you.
You too.
See ya.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Two open lines indeed.
Look at that.
That's pretty embarrassing to me even though it is coming up on the news and we're worried about the food coming in from Florida's an evident a big party here.
We're having a celebration party.
Oh!
How do you like them apples, huh?
Oh, we got apples coming in.
They're not on the outskins.
But then again, either with our 17 pieces of nut bread that I ate out there or whatever that stuff for that was good.
That was really good.
What is that about?
600 grams of carbs.
That's okay.
I'm fat as a pig today.
But this weekend, I'm really going to get on it.
Here's a Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, go panthers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've been screaming our heads off last night.
My poor dog didn't know what was going on.
Yeah.
Too bad.
Exactly.
Why don't you ask a real good question last night?
Who engineered this team from the beginning?
Who started it all?
Who started it all?
It was Bill Torrey and Bobby Clark started it all together.
And Bobby Clark decided he wanted to go back to Philadelphia where he came from to the flyers.
And they said, okay, we'll pack you up alone these sandwich.
And then they brought in Brian Murray.
And they said, here's a guy that put this red wing team together, which looks pretty good.
And he came in here and he did a little bit of fine tuning.
And he got rid of some of the stiffs we had like Cyrilla and Benning and those guys.
And he brought in some young guys.
And now we got what we got.
And he stole Ray Shepard and Marty Strocker right there at the training deadline.
And you saw last night evidence of what could that did?
Without a doubt, I was listening to the coach.
Oh, those two guys.
Ray Shepard and Marty Strocker.
He's still on for a Salami sandwich.
Unbelievable.
Brian Murray, God.
Absolutely.
And really, I mean, you know, I started running down to my wife like the history of all the various guys that are in the management of this team.
And how much these people, how much experience and how everyone, every person that was connected with the Panther,
is a team that the engineer is in the playoffs now.
We just beat Philip Delphi and Detroit and everything else like that.
Yeah, Bill Torrey from his great days with the Islanders.
And then we got Brian Murray from his great building of Detroit, which granted the Blue and the playoffs again.
But he can't be responsible for that.
But they got 131 points and 62 wins and broke all the records during the regular season.
They've got a pretty damn nice team.
And these guys know what they're doing.
They know they're crap.
Absolutely.
You know, so like, you know, it's funny.
You know, you listen to the people on ESPN.
I don't have a dish or anything like that.
You listen to them.
They're marbling it at Lemieux and Yager.
And I mean, they're tremendous.
And you can see how there will power and talent just overcame a couple of times.
But just the sheer planning that these guys have gotten, the sheer coaching that he does.
Well, we got the coach of the year.
Doug McClan, of course, one of the reasons he's coach of the year is he takes input from the right guys who really are objective
and really see things on the outside, you know, without any prejudice like guys like me.
If I want to take credit myself for William Stracken, which I'll do again.
Well, there should have been articles in both the Harold and the Sun Sentinel this morning saying,
it should have said a big headline.
Bill, God.
You know, right over the thing with the Panthers, because everybody in this town knows that I'm the guy that embarrassed the coach to put those two back in there.
But they don't want to give me the credit.
You know, they're bunches sour poised.
That's no lie.
As a matter of fact, when he was on the, on Jeff DeFarris show.
Right.
I mean, he was out and out admitting that's right.
He'll tell you my good buddy, Dougie.
He'll tell you, Niels, the guy that put us on the right track.
Without a doubt.
Okay, I'm looking for the check in the mail this weekend, Doug.
Okay, pal.
Hey, Niels.
Yes, in closing.
Can you play a bit that you played on?
I'm on air.
You played once about the, uh, a benevolent way of benevolent corporation.
And we wouldn't do anything to you.
It was, it was very good.
Oh, yeah, it must be about the coxist.
He's okay.
I'll look for a pal.
Have a great life.
Get out of here.
If you're emotionally crippled, welcome home.
W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Please call and entertain the radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
Good afternoon, at 12 o'clock on Jennifer Ramwitz 610-W-I-O-D news.
Brought to you by AT&T Wireless.
Friday, you bastard.
Back in 63, I was just a kid.
Worked no consequence.
Matter what I did.
I love vanilla shakes.
And then my new rings.
I used to eat all day.
I've never gave a thing.
I'd eat them, her, she kisses.
All day long.
The weight piles on.
The weight piles on.
Yeah.
Here's your passing by.
Now I'm all brood of.
Watching what I eat.
I'll never get enough.
I gotta watch the fat.
Try to eat what's light.
Matter what I do.
I can't just don't fit right.
I guess my day is a pork in a burrow dawn.
The weight piles on.
That's what I think he said his days of pork in her.
This is the piles just keep on coming.
12 o'clock on.
Here's the thing in a Harold Penguin fan's finger high zinga.
Say he shot him the bird.
Can you believe that?
I mean given the Penguin fans the bird.
Might be going a little bit too far away.
Don't you think?
Yeah, that's right.
It says absolutely he did say three Miami ins who cheered for the other side on Sunday.
No way says Stan Smith a high zinga spokesman.
He says Mr.
He's a doesn't communicate in that fashion.
And it goes on about after the game and et cetera and so on.
And it says the Panther players took the loss and good stride and good spirit.
And this and that they were gentlemen.
But these sour puss penguin fans are saying win flip them off.
How do you like that?
At a boy Wayne.
Right.
I say if he did it, it gets like a lot more points with the rest of us.
Is in.
Oh, that's the end of that.
Okay, 12 o' 8 at W. I.
I thought there was more.
But that was it.
Yeah, that's right.
I said to people with this morning.
I said, so when does the bird come back?
Can you give me a real sour look?
Here's a mobile in Miami Springs.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
When did this guy get cut off?
No, I'm here.
Okay, you got some bad crosstalk.
Oh, God.
Okay.
So talk fast.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, talk fast.
Okay, okay.
Maybe my battery's going dead.
I just wanted to make a comment about.
Oh, God.
I don't know.
Oh.
Wait.
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
There was the best right there.
That could be the great nice job, pal.
Well, he was a little bit flustered because I gave him the hurry up thing.
There in his batteries, Diane.
Don't you hate that when you're on your cell phone and the battery?
You know, you hear that little beeping sound, which means your battery's going to be dying any second.
And it's like you're, you got like some major emergency.
You're on a phone with your bookie or with whatever.
You're waiting to talk to the humster.
And you know, you know, it's crap it out.
When it doubted, it's just, oh, it's speaking out of crap it out.
I thought I saw Danny Boyd there at the game last night with the ugly green shirt.
I thought that was him.
And then I thought, no, he wouldn't be sitting over there.
He'd be sitting with Wayne because it was down in that section, but he was like all alone.
And then when I get home and I'm winding through the tape frantically to get my highlights and to see what else was going on there.
And I see there's Danny Boyd looking like a fish out of water.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is your Oriental Panther fan.
All right.
What I wanted to know a couple of things is when Doug McLean gets coach of the year, what kind of recognition is he going to give you?
I'll tell you one thing.
When he makes the acceptance speech, he ought to go right up there and say I couldn't have done it without my buddy, Neil, who really knows his stuff without that puck face.
Exactly.
That's right.
What more could you say?
Like you said, struck a plate and awesome game.
You know, something if by some miracle we do in the cup, which I mean is a pretty far stretch, but if that should happen.
And they engrave all those names on a Stanley Cup, I guarantee a mine better better better be on there right next to Doug McLean.
It's not right above it.
It's not well up to go to Toronto and engrave it ourselves.
Have to go right to the hockey hall of Famins to get in there.
So did you happen to see a latchman there in his canter?
Yes, I did.
He was sitting with Wayne.
Yeah, with his little Panther shirt on everything.
So it continues our string.
We've never had the coach of another local team at a game that I know of.
No, wait a minute.
Now Pat Riley was there what day, which day was he there?
Was it Sunday when we lost or was it Friday?
I think it was Friday night when we kicked ass.
Like I said, we've never had a local coach of another team be there and lose the game.
That's true.
All right.
We'll have to have someone else there.
There you go.
Another thing is I had a radio accident with the other station.
Yeah.
And they had Rob Neetamire on there.
Right.
So what is the big dog ask him?
He asked me.
He's not back with a sheep again.
No, but he was asking about whether after the game he spent time with his parents or with his girlfriend.
I think the big dog is a horny.
I think there's a gap in his life if he acts me.
Exactly.
I mean, I couldn't believe it.
I mean, wait a minute.
Why not ask about his game winning goal or something?
In fact, Rose's new wife is complaining about the fact that he keeps pushing her over and make way for the Rob Neetamire.
I think it's a big gap that meets the eye.
That's true.
One other thing I'd like to thank my wife is I get home from the game and right on the bar when I come in are these rat cupcakes.
Beautiful.
It was awesome.
All right.
And then one last thing.
Do you know what airport they come in at?
They come in at Fort Lauderdale, but at the terminal where they have the private planes and that stuff, what are they call it?
They call it the commercial.
I don't know what they call it.
Uh-huh.
But so we have it.
Right, George?
I don't know.
Oh, they do have something else.
They do call it something else.
But we don't know if they'll be back that night.
Well, we put the word out there for us.
And if somebody knows what's going on, if they lose, I'm sure they'll be back like tomorrow night in the wee hours of Sunday morning.
And if we win, we're going right on to Denver.
And we're hoping to find out from some of our good close personal friends out there, but we haven't heard yet.
So they better get with it.
So I guess we'll have to wait till they get back from Denver then.
Right.
Okay, well, great.
Well, last thing I'd like to call my brother.
We should be next Friday.
That's right.
One last thing I'd like to call my brother's, uh, Jar and John douchebag.
What was the first one?
Jerome.
Oh, Jerome.
I'll let speaks for itself.
Have a great day, pal.
Neil, thanks a lot.
All right.
Go Panthers.
Open line on the green line.
One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three.
So now all of a sudden it took three wins against the penguins because the last couple of days been a little late, a little late back.
You know, well, we're not so sure.
Do we want on this thing?
Do we want to jump off it kind of like a hot potato?
You take it.
No, you touch it first.
My, my, he likes it.
That kind of stuff.
But now, now you can't get him off that thing for lover money.
They're hanging out by their barnacles, man.
They will knock it off that wagon.
They're squeezing it.
You can almost feel it.
1213 at WIOD.
That best described the atmosphere these days around 610 WIOD.
Don't know.
Can't answer.
Won't speculate.
But we're still here.
And still being like the other radio stations, wish they could be.
Sorry.
We were first.
Views talking entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
It's a party out there.
Brought to people to their beyond strike and start it out.
Okay, scratch this.
1218 at WIWD.
Let's see what these facts say here.
As much as I love the Elmer Fud tape, that was not the one.
Oh, Zina.
That was the lady's name to call me.
For sorry, Zina.
I never, but I could swear to her, her whole tape.
Please, please find it.
It's too good to lose.
I don't know what it is, those Zinas.
See if you told me what it is, then I'd know what it is.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Sweetheart?
I don't know what it is.
Here's another one.
Here's a poem to the two of the night before Hooters.
That I even the game and all through the flat.
The penguin and not a penguin's story or only the red.
That's kind of cute.
All right, Mark.
Nice going.
Let's see what else we got.
Oh, this is beautiful.
I like it.
On this facts, here's a great look.
It's a big sandwich, a big submarine sandwich.
And inside the bread, it says Greg Cote's work.
Greg Cote's words.
Are they tasty?
Go Panthers.
All right.
Get some creative people out there.
They're all, in fact, when we were leaving here,
Reno last night, which is a madhouse because everybody left at the same time
because nobody left early, thank God.
And I heard people saying, well, what's Greg Cote's going to be saying now, huh?
What is he going to be saying now?
He says this, and he's about to beep.
I tell you what he's saying to call him this morning.
Nothing.
Nothing.
All of a sudden we just forgiven, forget.
You know, some things we don't forgive or forget.
Just ask Marlon Brando, Greg.
You're still a butt plug.
Slimeball.
Here's, now what is that?
Coconut Creek?
Coconut, uh, just...
Yeah, one of those.
Just a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
What a game.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
I'm surprised I had, it's a good thing I had to tell.
I guarantee I wouldn't be here today because I have no voice.
I was looking for you last night and the place was so crazy I couldn't find you.
I was there.
I felt like when I left that place that I sat next to a speaker at a concert.
Really?
That place was loud.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I feel bad about this and probably there were some people looking.
There were times like after we scored one or two of the goals when I get up and I'm screaming and yelling, I'm, uh, just going nuts.
And the whole place is still standing.
And because I take this so seriously, I mean, I'm just living and dying on every path.
On every play and I was the first one that I just had to sit down.
I sat there with it with that panther towel in my mouth and I'm biting it and I'm looking around.
I'm like and I realized I'm the only person sitting, but I just I couldn't handle it.
I just the pressure was so great.
I just lost last one to leave.
No, not the last one.
We're not that crazy.
Not that stupid.
Well, listen, uh, we hung in there.
Everybody hung in there because in fact, everybody, you know, there's nobody left until the last panthers skated off the ice.
It was great.
It was.
That was the best sporting event I've ever seen ever.
If you weren't there, you can't even begin to, uh, imagine.
No.
Stanley Cup.
Sounds good to me.
I saw.
I stopped now.
I saw what's his name, Marino there too.
Yeah.
Did you see him?
I did see him, but I wasn't sure that it was him and then on the tape I saw him.
It was him.
I saw him and I saw Kozar.
You know what gets me?
Kozar was there.
Yeah, Kozar was there.
Oh my god.
Look at this.
Now I go to these dolphin games and I cheer them on and I cheer them on and I cheer them on.
Okay, I'm sitting there looking at Marino and Kozar and they did not clap.
They did not scream.
They're just sitting there.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, well Danny looked like somebody was supposed to hold him up the sign telling him what to do it.
You know, what do you do next?
And you want to talk about kissing up?
You know those guys in the arena that wear the yellow jackets?
Right.
Oh my god.
Began call.
Unbelievable.
Well, the one that's always done there by Wayne, the guy with the glasses, you know, the big, goofy looking guy.
Uh-huh.
He's like a cheerleader.
Yeah.
Every time he's gone, let's go, man, he's clapping.
You know, he's the whole thing, you know, and he's looking around to make sure everybody sees you.
See Wayne, I'm doing, I'm clapping Wayne.
I'm cheering.
Unbelievable.
But I guess he probably gets paid well, you know what I'm saying?
They probably take good care of him.
I was in a coconut cre-a coconut crepe public.
You should see how they have that store decorated.
The whole front of their store is decorated, Panthers.
Beauty.
They got a clip from every newspaper since the Panthers have gone into the plan.
This is the first time in history when you can say, there's rats in my supermarket and people feel good about it.
Yeah.
We got rat cakes, you wouldn't believe it.
Great.
Unbelievable.
I love it.
All right, here we go.
Okay, pal.
Party tomorrow night.
Wrap it in.
Let's do it.
See ya.
All right.
Open line on a green line, 1-800-9.
What did we say?
It's a party out there.
That's what we said.
12-22-1-W-I-O-D.
Last.
A Rick Riley made out.
How come we didn't get a call from Rick Riley?
How come Steve Nichol didn't come running in here saying, uh, either, huh?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, what's going on with these guys?
Are they out or what?
I don't think so.
I think everybody's in good shape.
Let's see.
I want to play this.
I wonder if that we got an open line on a green line.
That's our first open line all day.
Don't call it right now though, because we're busy asserting out the food.
I think I might have a couple of slices of pizza over there, which I'll just eat the topping up with a folk.
Thank you.
So hand me a folk.
1-800-944-946-3 on that green line in Palm Beach.
Now let's see.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
I'm going to give it a try.
What's wrong with that?
As a matter of fact, I wasn't going to tell a story on a year.
I wasn't going to tell a story on a year.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
I don't want to give any inside secrets.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
What an exciting game.
Unbelievable.
Did they come out hitting?
I mean, they were not going to mulls or feet.
They were taking the part of the game.
Mario Leneu says he's never played a team that plays better defense than the Florida Panthers.
How do you like that?
He didn't say anything about boring or nothing like that.
He said better defense.
That's great.
Hey, well, this was a treat after the game.
I was up in Boca at a sports bar.
And we watched the game at a great time.
Came back down south.
And stopped in another little sports bar.
I'm not trying to plug it, but it's called Bruiserome.
And who comes walking in?
But Don McLean.
Couldn't believe it.
My buddy sitting across the table from me goes,
Don McLean, look who just walked in.
Don McLean?
Yes, sir.
And he's looking at Merck and Pie.
He went over to the jukebox and played that song.
He went to the jukebox?
Oh, Doug McLean, you mean?
You mean Doug McLean?
Yes, I'm sorry.
Whatever that coach's name is, yeah.
But I know.
Well, a lot of people have forgotten his name.
Most people when they talk about the game last night,
they say, yeah, we love that coach.
Yeah.
Right, Neil God.
That's the coach.
But he was swamped every 30 seconds.
Somebody came over and got an autograph.
Yeah.
He said he cost him more than the players it did.
And it was pretty exciting.
He was watching all the highlights.
Anytime a highlight came on,
his eyes were glued to that TV.
I'm sure Hopi got to see that Marty Strockagol several times.
Oh, geez.
Yeah.
That was a beauty.
Yeah, it was beautiful.
So I just thought I'd share that with you.
Okay.
And we're going to go all the way.
Sounds good, pal.
All right.
Say hi to Neil.
Say hi to Eddie.
Whatever his name is.
All right.
Eddie McLean.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249.
Whatever it is, 5249.
463.
524.
W-I-O-D.
Here's moral gables.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, let's get the Panthers and Amhersts and the finals, eh?
Okay, the Amhersts.
Don't you read, go for that.
Call the cop, that's okay.
Hey, during the regular season,
I don't know if you know this,
but who is missing during our slump?
Bill Lindsey.
Yeah.
I'm just saying that.
Well, that's right,
because there was a point when he came back
we had never won a game,
and maybe we still haven't without him in line up.
He is the heart and soul.
And I swear I saw him hit three guys on a forecheck
and the poor spirit.
I mean, if that wasn't a turning point in addition to his goal,
I don't know what that guy is,
just the best hustle and...
He is.
And also Brad DeBuga and his rats got to love him.
They're God.
Yeah, that's right, he was their last night.
He got to love him.
And every time Brad's been there,
they've won, and I also noticed that the Humster
wasn't their last night.
Where the hell was he?
He was conspicuous by his absence.
They had his sidekick there,
but the Humster wasn't there.
I guess maybe they figured they sent him to the track
or somewhere he might know something.
Anyway, you were talking last week about those hand-painted rats.
Are those available somehow?
Oh, Jesus.
Next to Corbets.
Next to Corbets 1.
Sports bar?
Down there, newest one?
Next to Corbets Sports Bar in South Dade.
Great.
Is where they have them?
There's one place they have them right at this.
Okay, great.
Because this guy sounds like he knows where it is.
There you go.
You got it.
How do you like that?
Okay, pal.
Bye-bye.
Rance away.
We have an open line at Dade.
7519-463 and one on the green line.
1-800-944-9463.
Here's a high alia.
Hello.
Neil God.
That's me.
What's up, Neil?
What's up?
What did that game last night?
Wasn't it?
It sure was.
It was just driving me crazy.
Yeah.
I got one little shameless request though.
And why might that be, sir?
Okay, I'd like to play the...
I would like for you to play the asshole song for Mr. Coltex
because he is such an asshole.
Yeah.
And I also have a problem.
Lost my girlfriend last night.
Really?
Yeah, she was thick and she couldn't go to the game.
She goes, you know, go stay home.
And I'm like, well, when you bring the cup home lady,
then you can tell me what to do.
Yeah, when she brings it home, you'll wear it.
There's a Neil God.
So you want to hear an asshole song, huh?
Yeah.
Well, you do understand that I met with the people
from Paxon Communications this morning.
There were a lot of rumors flying around this building
that I wasn't going to be able to do things like that anymore.
You're kidding.
So...
Yeah!
Have a great day, pal.
You too, man.
Okay, did it's the bitch.
Yeah.
All right.
So what do they tell me?
I think they said, folks.
I'd like to see the song.
It's a song about American tricks.
About me.
About you.
About the way our American hearts beat way down
and the bottom of our chest.
How about that special feeling we get
in the Cockles Bonds?
Maybe the Golden Cockles.
Maybe in the Subcock Way we get.
Maybe in the River.
Maybe in the Chimneys.
Maybe even in the Coles.
We don't know.
Well, I'm just a regular Joe.
With a regular Joe.
I'm your average white.
Superb and I slow.
I like football and torn-o and books about gold.
I got an average house.
Where the nice art wouldn't fall.
My wife and my job.
My kids and my car.
I'll feed them on table.
And a cube of cigars.
But sometimes I'm just...
...a little bit of a pain and a...
...to keep a man like me.
Oh, no.
No, wait.
I know I've got to go out and have fun.
And someone else is expensive.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I try really slow in the hopes for fast ways.
Well, people behind me are going insane.
I'm gonna slow you down.
Oh, you're fooling me up.
Oh, you're fooling me up.
Hey, you public toilets, and I...
You saw my seat.
I'll walk around in the summer time, saying,
I'm about to sleep.
I'm an asshole.
You're fooling me up.
I'm an asshole.
You're fooling me up.
Sometimes I'm more in the handicapped spaces.
Well, handicap people,
To make handicapped spaces.
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello, hello, hello, over, hello, hey, hello, hello, livecom commando's
roaring, singing, creamy and altarger
all right while that's for a crack-coating by the way you know something while
at was playing off you better now much better
while i was playing i'm looking at this article here superstar stifling
strategy successful which has like a nice alliteration to a but other than that
uh... is about your cramp
and it's just mind-boggling that there's like no reference in here anywhere
to the fact that this guy's been saying oh jeez it's so sad and the cats out
of the bag and the cats in the kettle and the rats up your nose and
what is that
i mean how to help you supposed to forget that this is the guy the one guy
that stood out like a sore thumb that's really been like you know how they
have those statues in roman grease you know with little and they're always
like being on stuff that's what he's been trying to do to our parade
profusely this guy
as if well it was really nice but you know the bitter disappointment is coming
and you better get ready for it we're all gonna have a big let down
and we have this phenomenal ecstatic thing going on last night
and now this guy acts like well here we go we just uh... did a little long and
aren't we great yeah okay whatever you say Greg
so we don't want to say asshole cuz we don't want to offend nobody but that's
what he is
twelve thirty seven a w i o d
weak millions of people around the world tune into bay watch just to see Pamela
Anderson leaves really big breasts
now Pamela Anderson leaves brings a really big breast to the big screen in a
futuristic techno thriller
so you're a leatherclad bounty hunter out to extract vengeance on the terrorists
who killed your boyfriend
that's right uh-huh you know you have really big breasts
i sure do yes Pamela Anderson Lee has really big breasts and now they're bigger
than ever in
who wire if you're a bounty hunter how come you don't have a gun i don't need a
gun why not because i have really big breath
and i know how to use them take that and that and that
and that and that
i fainted with my left breast followed by a quick jab with my right breast
in a flurry of right left hooks the ball press before finishing you off on a
quick left breast hooks of the face
think you put it out well my nipples are registered with the police is deadly
weapons Pamela Anderson Lee and her really big
breast starry and boob wire boob wire
now just a little bit of theater near you
twelve forty two at w i o d
and that we're just ecstatic over here we're having a party in our pants we
have a pan through party on the table over here we got stuff from florist
we got pizza we got subs we got all kinds of good stuff and it's been kind of
sliding out of here very slowly while i haven't been any uh-pay no attention
but uh-huh that's okay that's fine everybody uh-help themselves have all you
want unless it's something that i want okay there's nothing that frost my
swarrow's right then when i see something in the corner over there and before
you know it's somebody slides in here during a uh-what i'm on a year and it
just disappears not hey by the way could i have this are you planning on touching
this or what just like yesterday jc came in here when we had to food remember
from the Greek lady and said hey you plan on touching this i said hey it's
something to think about which i have oh by the way speaking of the uh-
Japanese lady why don't we do that we have two
forty dollar gift certificates
uh-from uh-tani Gucci's place which Carol Tani Gucci who's like half
Jewish and half uh-Japanese i can't tell you which half uh-broad in a bunch of
great stuff yesterday i mean it was fantastic so japanese doesn't just have to
be raw fish and mung-o-d cheese i get nauseous all they do have sushi if you
like that if you like to eat it raw but uh-they've also got fantastic
steaks and uh- uh-stake dishes and all kinds of seafood lobster and shrimp and
just really good stuff anyway tani Gucci's place is a 2224
northeast hundred twenty-thirty north maimian a sansuzi plaza east right over
there by serras pizza place the kosher pizza joint
and we got two forty dollar gift certificates so we'll give those away and
all you got to do is x you know if you're somebody that's going to use it if
you're somebody that's just going to like wipe your uh-knows with it forget it
here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil yes sir how you doing great have a good never better would like people
to uh-clear something up for us okay if you can the story behind how the
rat started on the ice yes sir early in a season panther dressing room there's
a rat in the locker room scott melody number twenty seven goes over there he
takes a stick and he spears the rat and kills it against the wall the story gets
out and some uh- some creative fantasize that he's
going to take that he's going to start uh- making like a toy rats
and it just uh-picked up from there in cut momentum and cut on with everybody
and then all the uh- you know all the entrepreneurs out there started making
rats and selling them and then they forced people to smuggle them in and they're
underwear and everything but they can't keep them out i mean when they're making
the announcement on a one hand please don't throw in that you'll be ejected
and then you look down there in the owner of the team and his wife are heven rats
all over the ice after the goals you know they're just kidnia
they're just pacifying Gary Bettman with those announcements
appreciate it my thanks a lot coach okay pal i see ya marty straca god
oh and you know that must have given him some personal sense of
satisfaction i wanted to get it in the lineup again but have such a big night
against his ex teammates the pitsburg penguins who thought he was
dispensable and nearly ruined his life and i got news for when somebody
trades you away to the Ottawa senators and then onto the islanders after that
that nearly ruins your life but uh- thank god brats you know it's a good thing
we got Brian Murray up there who's got some good sense when it comes to talent
we can't always be sure that you know the coach is going to play these guys
but the general manager knows the talent when he sees them
did we ever get any more worried about the team coming back or about any
stuff anything nothing
boy that rimmer man when you really need him when you need some assistance when
you need some information like that call the other day remember when he said he's
given us information and it was all about christ raper and his faces fallen apart
we don't care about that what series are the red winds playing in now
the dead series i think they're done they're finito baby
that dino chica relle he's finished
here's uh... is that another one a mobile in parkland hello
i knew yes sir great game last night i'm still horse from the uh-screaming
i want to know why i didn't screw dylan go over and argue when the first goal was
scored they let mario to sit there and take the rest
your way you know can i ask your question did the goal count
you put the fans didn't know what the hell is going on did the goal count
oh thank god you don't you know screw dylan was standing right there he was
standing right behind you back to the bench and then but wait a minute
he was standing right there and then terry greggson said the goal is good and
screw dylan lifted up his dick and uh... and then he went back to the bench
assuming it was all over with and then they get into another technicality about
whether it uh... hidden off the guys uniform or off it they they had like three
like favorites that before they had three different aspects of it that they
had a review did they did the net get off the mornings before the puck went
in or afterward did a call up of when greggson looked up in the air and also
he thought the way the arms know like all right all of us in the stands going
oh my god tell me it's not true i mean they didn't even show it on the on the
score that was that was originally yeah he waived it off that was his call but he
still went upstairs to review it as soon as he did that i knew we had a good chance
yeah but then when he came back down it didn't put up on the board
yeah and then all of a sudden it was like if they're not going to allow this at least say
some or show it you know show it was going on on the screen inside the
well don't worry about it now we got it accounted and we'll take it and uh... you
know don't cry over unspilt mill now we'll see you next Saturday the arena
sounds good to me all right we have an open line and
powered five two four nine four six three five two four w i d or it's twelve
forty seven
used talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d my foot
john really gets my panties in a line okay whatever you say twelve fifty a
w i d what said boy you sure are doing out the meat pretty uh... pretty slow
but they're very uh... piecemeal anyway let's go to a lady in pompato on a
purple line hello
yes ma'am couple things
yes i've been listening since day to day
and this is probably one of the best shows i ever heard you uh...
do great
i'm a huge hockey fan i grew up in buffalo which is why i haven't called you
before i threw up in buffalo to as a matter of fact
every time i went there my first uh... hockey game i sat in the front
world row between the two boxes yeah and i could smell my all and hear all their
language is about twelve years old now instantly hooked once you got a wiff you
were in definitely uh... okay that's number one number two have you noticed ever
since the series uh... all the girls all the ladies that have been calling you
yeah what's what what's up with that because there's a lot of lady hockey fans now
because we all have been at bitch that called before that pretended yesterday she
wasn't an in today called the same as the celebrity she loves me
yeah yeah now she's getting up who she kidding
honey bitch
so anyway the game was incredible last night i was letting my nails stand on my
toes my boyfriend grew up in uh... boyfriend grew up in hollywood
as we didn't know what the heck was going on and kept giving me dirty looks
i was scared my dog as well well you better show the ropes you know what i'm
saying and the last thing i want to show what it's all about uh... will you show me
couple of but anyway i bet uh...
there's a couple years ago i can't remember if it was a player coach
and they were having a scuffle on the ice with some of the wrath
and it's one look i went up to the rafan said
all you have another dotate a hot pig
that was that was uh... you got the story it's very interesting that was the
rangers
were playing in the early playoff round i forget who the hell they were playing
it doesn't really make any difference maybe was Montreal but it was one of the
early playoff runs don co-harski was the referee uh...
and he made a call that pissed off the rangers and evidently as he passed the
colon canola coach the rangers as they were going off the ice
can't be out of my heaven have another redone a co-harski or something like that
colon can't go down i'm pretty sure was the rangers i've been wondering about that
that's uh... colon can't go
i've been saying that ever since buffalo days ever since i moved down and everyone
looks at me like i'm not so don't know what i'm talking about down i think uh... the
rangers have a colon problem if you ask me
okay sweetheart
have a great life purple on his open we pay for it pick it up and pick up that
instrument and just uh... bang away at it and see what happens
mobile one cell eighteen to wireless pound i od
we have a little party over here i'm sure a lot of you are going to be uh...
parting heavy duty over the weekend with his panther stuff
tomorrow night
go to a bar where they got like a satellite dish and you can watch it from cbc
like a real-time cast and don sherry and the ron acclaim by the way will be in
pisper get the a civic arena for the game
they're not gonna have like the uh... grade z team there i think they'll probably
have the grades the announcing team of christ cutherford and john garrett to
finish the series out because they've been doing all the games and bob colin harry
neil be resting their voices for the uh... finals in denver on tuesday
which hopefully will be in yeah what are they going to do then they can't shine
us if we get in the finals they can't stay away then
here's my amie hello
now i don't know about you but i'm going to have an four game seven
yeah i'm good to be to follow up on the now and the story uh...
he scored two goals at that game and these are said what he called out of
rhetoric right that's right and uh... uh... first couple interesting stats
that's for three in game seven and uh... i thought i was three and three
three three and three and three and you'll have uh... two hundred and fifty
minutes of school this uh...
time play time
the uh... paeters uh... come in that exactly the prep work that i can't give you
the time and date
and uh... gerry glitter you asked about gerry glitters right thing that started
in denver with the denver blockers really
uh... look what it did for that look at how they choke
well that started using one one one that were very well you know that we're going
to superbows and losing them right that's what i mean right and uh...
the uh... fox the uh... the only interesting thing about fox the telecast
they they time the right to late
and i want to see me see me as it's going to do the color when fox does the uh...
the miannick uh... home games are next Saturday cbc does that too they time the
right to let it be a yes bn stoward from them
the uh... how did he know these two last year
how did they do
what were they lost to the rangers in the playoffs but they had a tremendous
year in a were like that of spectacular team in a hit of very exciting high
scoring team
they never want to cut the right the nordeaks no
okay
alright that just want to get that info they got a hell of a team and i'm telling
you that if we're lucky enough to make it that far they got one hell of a team
right i don't look at for it to it and uh... it would be unbelievable
it would
i nice talking to you see in denver Tuesday all right
the Quebec nordeak they had a hell of a team last year they got beaten by a
pretty sure with the rangers that got by him in a playoffs and i correct about
that i do believe so unfortunately
in our right
i remember i know they got knocked out early
and they had a phenomenal year
and they had sacked in the ad for his burger they had uh...
uh... jostle and tibal who of course they traded the Montreal for patrick
law
and uh... now of course everybody tells you about patrick one how he's the best in
the game and he's this don't let anybody kid you if you pepper patrick
wild with a lot of shots in fact you look at the panthers the success record
against patrick while when he was playing with montreal
uh... and also that one game we played out there in calorata which was after
the trade and he gave us four goals in that game
he uh... hasn't had very much success against the panthers ain't that a shame
uh... patrick
here's hi alia hello
mail post time
new
uh...
you
yeah
yeah
okay we have an open line indeed seven five one more on seven five one really
said who is that pretty cat uh... friday capisola's grandson
here's a lady in dear field beach hello
hello yes man
well you wouldn't know because you're at the arena but the coverage on espn
yeah i have it on tape i take both of my have uh... like you know two machines
that i think it's a minute forty three to go we've already beaten them four to
three and the guys are saying if there's a seventh game
i mean what is that i mean we've already beaten him didn't you see where
you're walked in here and then you scored the time goal well
but you had no
but i mean you know we basically had already won
yeah right there's nothing if there's a seven game if there's a seven i mean
come on they've been saying it all the time these guys are so by it
yeah i mean they won't give them credit when they're playing good they you know
they never talk about shabbered they don't you know barely mentioned struck i mean
come on
i want to come to back okay okay espn you're a bunch
of you guys okay thank you very much your god go panther how do you burn
uh... yeah thanks bye
we have an open line in brown or five two four nine four six three that's it
let's make some noise today all right
because even people that haven't got a clue are opening up a big mouth and
having a party in their mouth it's a party out there exactly north bay village
chill out hey meal yes sir for glad i could get through and this tremendous
momenta occasion on the day of our daughter sweating it's also my ten year
anniversary of what uh... of being with my girlfriend for ten years
i'd like to say happy anniversary Donna the dent wizard keep up the good work
and uh... also meal Jess i would like to say to you that last night we were
bickering and fighting everything but when they scored a change to everything
i'll bet we're hugging and kissing and right when you were young season
season the moment is a safe
and uh... can i have something else as well yes i like the songs everyone sends
in the and the poems about the panthers except for when they're done to the
melody of uh... the dolphins oilers song right i agree
i'll only would keep rip off you know only when bread the book it does that do i
enjoy exactly and i'd like to say please don't relate us to the dolphins we're not
dressed in teal we don't wear a fish we're the cats baby we kill fish
all right and penguins too see uh...
out of here
we have an open line indeed seven five one nine four six three seven five one
w i o d here's west palm beach hello
a meal yes sir uh... what is it cats kill fish and they also kill birds uh...
penguins are part fish and part bird penguins are dead uh... listen i don't know what
the penguin i wanted to call you coach mac niel yeah and uh... can't believe
you got struck a god yes sir uh... that is the only thing that came back
i'm so glad that you finally got into those guys to tell him to put struck a back in the game
and there was jason woolly getting down on all fours making a phenomenal block of that shot
that was headed for the open side of the net jason woolly there you go i rest my case
all day yesterday i said well in fact i've been saying that all week woolly and struck a get
them in there baby i'd tell you what woolly just threw his body right in front of it it was
it was great it was great it was right in the push i just went nuts
well me i know it's going to be a win in game seven i can't wait to watch it
okay pal take care i got it all under control okay ever great i see bc uh... in the clear
yes it is yes okay i'll watch it there grab it bye grab it while you can
right is uh...
w-w-w dot w-i-o-d my name is for dr dot com world wide baby
use talking entertainment radio six ten w-i-o-d
it's the one to two hour ten forty five to go in the third period
here is joker of the center brown brown
while you shoot in played by gorg murphy back out in straca
let's look again great food by straca don't let's see the straca strata
so i have one thing to say to dog mcclay and you're welcome sir
yeah you've really been an inspiration now
yeah i'll tell you cause me more grief in the last forty eight hours i have
man and history of that telegrams from the assistant coaches from the entire
coach i got a big telegram here from bill i don't wonder you don't mind taking
the credit that's right and i know that i've been the press conference last
night it was my decision that nothing to do with one word you i've always said
that anything i tell him that's bad will give him the blame and i'll take the
credit for the good stuff that's why you get the paycheck you're a beauty that's
why it's called coaching i'll tell you my wife sour at you the comment you made
about the shower yesterday yeah and then you know i didn't have you by the scruff of the
net it's a good thing that i heard because i didn't know the whole original comments but
evidently somebody i think it was one of our regular chronic fans heard your comments now what
let's clarify it for the audience like live in person you like it when the guys do what
do they stick what where no no that was not what you said i was off the record all
off the record yeah he likes it when they stick it somewhere i like when they show me up
yeah i would keep doing it over and over again i like it when they show me off yeah
yeah so you got the Pittsburgh or what i was going to come to Pittsburgh but then of course
rumors promising me these seats and already having to cure the hemorrhoids from my last year in
Toronto i don't think i want to go through that again are you going to go do is a rena football game
tomorrow no i am not i'm going to leave that up to him us real fans will be sitting there watching
the cbc about two feet in front of the set root and the panthers are yeah that'd be fun
so how do you like it pretty exciting yeah yeah it's going to be fun i you know it's
it'll do it who knows what happens in a game seven but i'll tell you we'll play hard and
there and they weren't happy about having a play they were saying that after game five they were
a yogur in lameo both saying we don't want to come back here under any circumstances because
of game seven you get a lucky bounce or a bad breaker and anything can happen yeah that's what
that's what typically happens in game seven so we'll see but i you know that lameo and yogur
are going to be on top of the game tomorrow yeah the one thing that makes you a little bit nervous
but how do you like mario saying he's never played against the better defense than the panthers
that was a nice compliment coming from him that's uh what a hell of a that may be mentioned
tomorrow night a couple of times yeah i would think so probably on cbc but not on espn because they
still don't like us they still don't want to give us any credit all is that right you know an
interesting thing though and now you know the barons uh... i don't have to tell anybody the barons
lorry shepher lines been the hotline and the other lines have been like kind of an acoma half
the time and our last night this new line you put together with my help all of a sudden these
guys step up and score you put the line together or did you just tell me to dress track i
i didn't hear the the that you want that line yeah you got the whole message you got the whole
message i said to you look i mean vorek kept falling on his uh... ascent at Tuesday night came
up there in pittsburg put melon be the old guy out there this will wake him up a little bit you
got the message i come into work this morning is a lot of people outside and i'm walking along
and it's fine and a few autographs and the people say all thanks for listening to niel thank you
for listening i said niel who the guy in the i said all the guy in the radio yeah that guy
they were all kneeling at my feet i'll tell you that it hurt in the head or one are you're right
you're mr. puck faces what they said i wasn't like to listen to you because of the bad language
you use on the radio but you happen to be listening yesterday yeah just have another radio accident
that's what i heard well we can't all be as uh... up straight at least as the guys over there on q
a m the ones that are talking about your players doing it with a sheep we can't all be as straight as
uh... those guys are getting into that all right well there he goes again you hear that line he's
not getting into that your if i gave you a shovel man you'd be halfway to china already
that's great now listen one thing about the afalanche and i want because i am looking forward to that i
mean that's not talk about i want to talk about the afalanche you know as well as i do we've had
some good luck against pat roi yeah he hasn't played great down here but uh... this is a different
time of year yeah yeah he plays pretty good well they've got a hell of a team you know they they
do have a great team i'll grant you that offensively and defensively but i got admit all was kind
of fun no one at the red wings were watching us play last night and and get you know
i would the most disgusting thing i've ever seen in my life yesterday i get to my car in valet of course
all of us stuck around late to last player got off the ice and there's this this lonely figure
out there putting the uh... deno a bumper sticker on my car i don't want to tell you who it was
how do you think all those deno fans feel right about now well they had a tough time to play off
yeah they're not going to get any sympathy from me he in spite of what Brian marisa
well listen you've done a hell of a job with a little bit of assistance it's always good to have a
pupil that listens to his teacher and that's good and i'll be sending you the telegrams i'll be
sending you some wires up there and uh... do a good job run yep we'll be we'll be rooting and pulling
and uh... yankin hard okay okay doggie take care now do a good job see you dog McLean area to coat
in his name by the way is not done McLean it's not denny McLean it's not surely McLean it's
dog McLean okay so if you're gonna tell me about all these new fans we got now you know i mean
no your intentions are good i know you're right on top of it but get the name right what is it
whatever the hell's name is that's what it is he's a hell of a guy man coach of the year i don't
care what don't you he says who's kind of like uh... turned on him like a rat as they say
what's up don't there's a dream that lives
keeping every heart
let's just leave them far
and it's worth the sweat
and it's worth the pain
cause the chance may never come again
give it all you got is a dream
take your decision
the father's here to shine
stay before the giants
go for the game to be lost
just live in the strong
go for the fate of the skies
give it all you got is a spirit of the day
and the fate of the sun and all
but the chance may never come again
oh no
the chance may never come
give it all you got is a dream
forty five to go to the third period
where is Gaker up to center Brad Brown
well shoot in played by Gord Murphy back out in Stratka
push look again great food by Stratka
don't let the good Stratka strike
well six points in the series and 46 points
and the playoffs
so he now trails Joe Sackett
by a couple in that race
as he tries to join Sackett
in the avalanche in the Stanley Cup championship series
there's a dream of David Skull
oh
netbed will take the faceoff for Pittsburgh
against Brian Strudler
well you poised in behind netbed
but the Peltors win the drive
Fitzgerald gets it down
so Bob hustling back
raised the boards to Daniel
he was hit by a
now twenty seconds
life for the penguins will have to
hurry
here's the shoot in and Yachters first one
to it
a character back out
and this amazing story is going to
continue the flow of the characters
up first game seven
yes
yeah but yeah but
no doubt
we're not too out
it's what the game's all about
yeah
all the big guns gonna shoot out the lights
face off the rock and go to Saturday night
hard and fast breaking
pull it all on ice
face off the rock and go to Saturday night
storming glass
taking hits
pull them ass pain
and give them never want this
and bring them sounds
make some noise
run in and start your life
there's more
another big guns gonna shoot out the light
and place off the rock and go to Saturday night
hard and fast breaking
pull it all on ice
there's a big rock and baby
it's Saturday night
so like did I say it's one fifteen and W.I.O.D
in a U in Cinderella got it on
oh babe
well I guess Cinderella is not that
pristine young lady she appears to be
fashion phones 8 p.m. till midnight
on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W.I.O.D
ton cruise is back
and this summer America's favorite
brain dead pretty boy will face the most
difficult mission of his career
dormitants you choose to accept it Tom
is to assassinate the South American dictator named Carlos
the South America you mean like
uh Florida
I mean South of the equator
anyway this tape will self-destruct in ten seconds
self-destruct what does that mean
it means it's gonna blow up you idiot
quick get out of the room
I can't the door won't push open it's not
phone it's not working
you have to
will you be able to get your money back
at the box office or will it become a
mission impossible find out this summer
at a theater near you
118 by the way we got a tremendous
number of spy report on that movie
like a one or two and uh nothing
piece of dreck so anyway does anybody
want those gift certificates to tanny
Gucci's this forty dollars nobody's
asked for me and probably the people that do want to
can't get through because the lines are smoking in your one
that's just as well in fact the coach if he
would have been in town he'd probably
asked for it here's plantation hello
75 on tape for the Toronto show and a Wednesday morning
all right now they're digging up the old tapes
over there it's a great great
they're digging up the old tapes and say
they're running through the building and of course
there are no tapes because they don't have no tape
over there what are they're gonna start playing
Neil wakes me up in the morning
what are they gonna start that
Neil wakes me up with a smile
oh
drinking my coffee
a bunch of my donut
with zero four on the dark
so anyway we have an open line of brown
five two four nine four six three five two
four W.I.O.D. let's go to Okachubi
hello hey Neil yes sir how are you
great i wanted to ask you uh two
questions one uh where did Doug
good McLean coach before he came to Florida
Doug McLean was an assistant coach
with the Detroit red wings
okay that's what i thought but i wasn't sure
and he got kind of like a salvaged
uh he got screwed
okay uh another thing that theme that you just played
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
akitha at early night where was that from
that's from the cbc a Canadian rugby
broadcasting core by two two
I heard that the other night and that thing just
chilled up and down my spot
the cbc really knows how to do it you know
ESPN Fox all these other johnny come late
believes they're just pretenders the cbc uh... like almost invented dot
well i didn't that televised in hockey they know how to do it they know how to
make it exciting they know how to like a jazzed up they they know how to uh...
they just know how to do it
i had to go to west bomb each to see the game seventy eight miles away and i
watched it at eight well-wise that
well because i don't have a satellite here at the house
and uh... i'm planning on getting one the end of this year i'm gonna get a small
dish but why did you have to go seven why did you have to watch it on the satellite
because i'm in a rural area and i don't get cable all i got you
okay that's incredible i went to a sports club
and i saw the whole game of terrific fantastic game the only thing is i missed all
of the commentary there was some some dot o capley in the jukebox
and you of course it was somebody was playing the jukebox while the game was
going on it was about the tenor fifty
see if that was in my amy that's how we saw that
uh... yeah no questions next
so i heard absolutely no commentary at all and i'm just a little bit of a
no where they watch an espn or cbc i believe was the s bn well and you just as
well you don't want to hear those as well i wanted to hear i didn't get a
chance hearing the crowd noise when they were cheering and you know the the camera
camera
we got the crowd noise for you
how was that i couldn't hear any noise there any way i can
you take the the uh... the whole the whole shabang is right here i got off the
air i could have sent you a tape and have you make a copy for me so i could watch
it again and hear the sound this time it was super
it was a great game i just miss some miss so much not hearing anything you know
not so much you know the bell roses comments or anything but just a crowd noise
and what was going on and then i saw the replay several times on the
melondie go on i i could from where i was i could tell it was good but i couldn't
hear what the discussion was all i could be with lips yeah
and i was right up close to there was that much noise in that bar well i
just shot a few of my okay pal have a great day the answers no okay we have an
open line in the green line because if i do it for him i'm going to have all these
people like it was kind of interesting like game three which we kicked the
rs five to two was not game three at your was on a Friday night
and come to find out that it was way who needed a copy of that tape and of course
i don't want to tell you so called me and said uh... do you have a copy of that
tape because guess who needs it now what that i didn't because i used the same
tapes and i race over them over and over which all the last night i think i
should save i think last night's is a keeper so this last guy who called the answer
is no i'm keeping that tape forever and ever because that was uh... that was it
that was the that was as good as it gets and thank god we didn't have no
overtime all boy i'm thinking here with about seven minutes left they tied up
three three and i'm thinking oh this is starting to smell like overtime i don't
like overtime and especially during the playoffs because it goes on forever and
it can be like like that Pittsburgh washed in game the second overtime and
the third and then uh... just forever
anyway it's one twenty three w i d
you know my queen
god
but
ah
uh
she
oh
it's beautiful
and
yes
It gets good since from girls, they're struggling spells
Never touch a behind, it's 16
I'm gonna leave it alone, I'll leave it alone
It ruined my best to gain out of my dreams
And into my life, oh how it makes me feel fine
It's 16, so beautiful and it's mine
Okay, 126 at WYOD on a really tremendous Friday
It's one of the greatest days in the history of my life
I'll tell you that right now, and I'm sure that there are many other people out there who agree
We heard a very gracious call, if you tune in late, we had just 20 minutes or so ago a gracious call
From Coach Doug McLean who thanked me profusely for twisting his arm
And convincing him that Jason Wolley and Marty Strach are had to be in line up for us to win last night and keep the series going
And now I think I've personally given them the impetus and the direction and the instruction
And I'll leave it to them, I think they're on the right road, they're on the road to victory tomorrow night
And it's in their capable hands, all right
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Great, talking about Strach, why did he scratch him from game?
Was it five?
I think Strach said something about, hey coach you got bad breath or something like that
And he took it personally and he's held a grudge against him ever since, you know
I don't know what it is, I just don't think he was sold on Strach until I convinced him
After I seen him play last night, I said what a fool for not playing him
Yeah, that's what I told him
Only not as nicely as that
Well, it was a great game last night, I looked forward to tomorrow night
And go Panthers go
All right, see ya
Yeah, Strach, you know like Melon be said, he opens things up out there because he's got speed
And the defense has to make different moves to try to adjust to him
And even when they do make those moves like you saw last night, he zigz and zags
He makes younger type moves
And I know that's really getting carried away
They both happen to be Czechoslovakian and young and both very talented players and very quick skaters
And I think that there is a similarity in fact somebody called yesterday when Strach came up with a penguin a couple years ago
And they called him Jager Jr. and I think that that's accurate
I'm not saying he's going to be as good as Jager but I think he's a player cut out of the same cloth
And he's got the same kind of moves and you know
They're either got him or you don't, it's not something you learn
It's like with Mario Lemieux and guys like these, you're born with that kind of skill and that kind of speed
And that kind of deftness
And you either got it or you don't
And he's got it
Here's Tamarack, hello
Neil Cove, sir
Doug God
All right
Great game last night, look forward to Saturday
What a team, Doug and Neil, man
And Neil, like I said, Neil and Doug, what a team
Definitely, it's hope they don't take you off the radio and sign you on another assistant coach or something
Yeah, for two or three million here, it sounds okay to me
You'd like that
You got to be interested on it
First game, but one two was Islanders and Panthers right before the series started
In fact, there's a rumor starting at now that I got Strachiplian so great
That Bill Tury is put out a special call and seeing if I'll work on Jody Hull for
Yeah, I believe it
And I said I would work on Jody, but not necessarily anything to do with hockey
You had your meeting today, right?
Yes, I did
Did Jennifer Rem have her meeting?
Jennifer had hers and I'm not leaving, is she?
What do you mean by that?
Well, they're not gonna knock her out of the way
Not that I know of
Well, let's hope not, otherwise they're gonna get Luke over there
No, I think Jennifer seemed pretty pleased, I spoke to her this morning and
Great, can I get a shameless request for it?
And she said
What is it?
A shameless request
Okay
A memory of Phil and Aaron
I got you down
Well, why do you make it sound like they've died or something?
Well, they didn't die, but they're kind of here
They won't be with us
Wait, yeah
Yeah
Together
Okay, thanks, they have a great day, Pat
I know, wait a minute
Yeah, but let me say something for you
Let me say something
I don't think so
Not on this Paxing Station, not saying nothing, okay?
Fair and cold
He'll be big in LA, baby
I'm Aaron Somerset
He'll be done with us
You got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown
I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Ho ho ho
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone
I got you down
The lines are jammed up
Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about
I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Ho ho ho
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
Here on this show, there's a new topic each night
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white?
I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Ho ho ho
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone
I got you down
My foot, John, it really gets my panties in a while
131 at WIOD, happy Friday to you, happy Panther stuff
Happy, you're at the rat and all that other good stuff
Here's Fort Lauderdale on the purple line
Hello
I'm Neil, I'm great psychic
Yes, sir
You did a fantastic job
Yes, I did
I know what's a score
Unbelievable
You have to have a good job last night
Did they?
They gave us a couple of back candy comments
Compliments
They even said that Colorado would rather play
Pittsburgh and play Florida because of our defense
How do you like that?
I know, I was really shocked
Then they did a nice tune in of Wayne's wife holding a big canvas bag for the rats
That's right
Yeah, then they...
And as I guess you was malting some very nice in your windows after Pittsburgh scored the goal
I love it
I have one seamless request
Yes, sir
What is it?
Total Alagato
And Japanese tabus, I thank you very much for the tickets
Okay
I'd love to get those tickets for the dinner
What tickets?
The tickets for the $40 for the ticket
You mean the one?
The one
I'm not giving you both of them, I'll give you one
Okay, I love it
Because your phone is so bad, it's a miracle you've been on this long
I know, I've been on for an hour
Do you have you really?
Yes, that's good, that's good
Well, yeah, we're paying for it
I know
Okay, hold on
Thank you, free load, I mean, hang on
Okay, purple line, take care of that free loader with a crappy phone
See, he just... I don't even know what the league was talking about, neither did he
But, hey, he got the thing
Hey, I did tickets for the free food, for the free jack food
Good stuff, by the way, I'm Tonya Tani Guchi
Carol Tani Guchi, she brought in a feast yesterday
And I'm not exaggerating to you, it was some of the best damn stuff I've had in my mouth in a long time
And that covers a lot of territory
Here's a lady in Miami, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, well, this is the first time that I listen to your show and everything
This is the first time you listen to my show?
Yeah, and it told me that it was really funny that you fought all the time
I'm really big on the pants, it was 20 years apart
All the time? Not on this show
Where did they come up with that?
Ah, it's a good time right now, no, no, he just...
He told me like, great news about the show and it's...
Yeah, we don't fart on this show, what do you think this is?
Is this some kind of a common show?
A little sort of, I mean, you think it's the way
We don't make bodily sounds on this show
Okay, I see that, I hear that
Okay
Okay, well, bye
Hey, well, you're easy
I think so
Okay, sweetheart, this one's for you
See ya, bye-bye, oh, she loves it
She loves it, alright!
So if there's any guys out there that like have a real problem
And just can't control it, there she is, she's waiting on you
She sniffing around
We have an open line at day, 7519-463-751
It's 134-W-I-O-D
Get that winning feeling at pom, but O-Park
You know, I love the way Gary does it in those spots
Popolo Park, hey, Popolo Park
I know you got a talk fast in those spots, Gary
But, you know, calm down a little bit, you sound like you're on helium
Popolo Park
So we go to game seven
So it's in Pittsburgh
So what?
Some of those panthers coverage is right here
And we don't even have their games
So what?
News talk and entertainment radio
610-W-I-O-D
This is the Neal Roger Show
This is your brain
Any questions?
Late night buffing
I should have known all that food could be banned
I didn't know that fish is brown gravy
Couldn't make my body feel so sick
Or still in writing
Can be so hard on your side
And those raps make me want to scream
And my buds too short white
Welcome, Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
You made my butt blue
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Diarrhea
You let my heart in a spin
Just when you think it must all be over
Oh Lord, here it comes
Oh!
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
You made my butt blue
Oh!
Diarrhea
Diarrhea
Okay, that's something good I'm wonderful
I needed to call on the moment to go
That thought she was gonna hear a lot of bullshit
If she tuned in the show
Don't want to disappoint, we're here to please as in
Playoff people, playoff folks
None of those sarcastic jokes
Got a lump that Mr. Wayne Heisenga
Oh!
We used to pick on that bald head
Now we've crested it instead
Got a lump that Mr. Wayne Heisenga
Yes!
Wayne used to have your hair cut short
And not be gay at all
But now Wayne's got that hockey book
And he'd dig fanbys, brooks, go nads
I used to think his wife's a knight
But I just removed the seat from my bike
Got a lump that Mr. Wayne Heisenga
Oh!
Oh!
So anyway, it's, I guess we won't be talking to him anymore soon
Just a joke, jee man
He's, well, he's, he's come back now
They pay him or what?
Huh?
He must have got a check
Okay, let's go to Hollywood, hello
Hey, Neil, I want to congratulate you on that great job you did with the Panthers
Yeah, that was a great job that I had to call
I sure did
Class act by the coach, Neil, you got all the credit
That's right, he at least he admits it
I mean, he can't tonight, it's right there on the pubic record
Yeah, I don't want people to forget
Woolly did an outstanding job on that stop with Lemieux
That saved man that will go down
You'll see that in all the highlights
There's two things from last night you'll see on every highlight reel
For weeks to come, one is Marty Strachas' goal
And a great given go past it with Lindsay
And the other one of course is the Woolly Blocking at Shot
Yeah, the whole team came out
And Melon be giving it up for the goal there
Right
Yeah, that was great
And could I suck up for some sushi?
All right
Here's another free loader who came in like the side door
Okay, hang on, line four, take care of that guy, it's all we got
And thanks to a Carol over there at Tony Gucci's
We've got some really good Japanese stuff
Of course, I don't know if you know if you might drop your own bomb
But that's another story
See, we want to put a lot of that stuff in here
Because that lady evidently tuned in expecting your tons and tons of that
And since it is a classy show
Here's Boca, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, sir
So what do you think?
The younger has to say no, didn't he say he'd rather play the panthers instead of the flyers
Yeah, but Yarmory Yager also said he don't want to play no game seven is what he wanted to say
Say, uh-huh, yeah
So do you think Espo is jumping under Ban Wagon now?
Who?
Espo?
Espo, well she's got no Stevie Iserman
She's not, and they got no Stevie at the Y
Or they interviewed him yesterday I was watching one of the channels flipping in between commercials
Yeah
They're between watching misplising, they're going to bag and throw the thing, they're going to bag and throw the things
Right
And she grabbed Wayne and threw him and she had a blast
She's loving it
Oh man, did they get lucky last night, huh?
Mr. and Mrs. Heisengum talking about
Yeah
Well, you hit the Neil right on the head
But we're lucky you didn't go into overtime
Yeah
Because then we're going to have to hear Rick complain about how much time he's spent
Okay, and that and have a great day, oh is he so chronic?
We have an open line in the Broward 5249463 and one on a green line, 1-800-944
How come I'm so patient, you know?
How come I sit here and I try to be such a damn nice guy, that's my problem
That's my biggest problem is I'm too nice
Not rotten like some people say but way way too nice
Too patient, here's Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
I would like to give a tip, you know, to the people
And what?
A tip
A tip, yeah, I got a tip for you
Open line in day, 751-W-Y-O-D
We got one on the green line, 1-800-944, here's Miami, hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
How's it going?
Okay
I want to thank you for that rat you sent me the other day
Okay
And also I want to tell you that yesterday I went to Kexal's sports bar
To where?
Kexal's
Yeah
And it threw me out of there for being too loud
While screw them
You got any places that you know that I could go to for game 7?
And be as loud as you want, whereabouts?
Um, they're right down the counter, right down the one-3-7
Down there, candle, somebody's going to call in, they'll tell you, they'll tell you where to go
The old lady there threw me out
Somebody'll call in and tell you where to go
All right
Okay, get out of here
Oh by the way, speaking of South-Aid, going, going, gone on US1 at Southwest 128th Street
That's where they have the painted rats
Because everybody and their brother, in fact last night, who the hell brought that by?
Somebody brought me a gigantic, I mean a big black one, rat that is, with red eyes
I mean almost as big as my little dog
And we took it home and the dog thinks it's got a brother now or something
And of course my big dog keeps like scratching at it and clawing and chewing
And I'm hoping that he gets a little bit confused, you know what I'm saying?
But anyway, it's 145 at WIOD, we'll find out, do we got a place down there?
We got a bar, I don't think we want to send him anywhere, he's out of control
Here's the mobile in Miami, hello
How are you doing, Dale?
Okay sir
Great game last night
I would all do you for talking us into the hockey dera of back months ago
I find a very unknowledgeable people down here that don't understand that the real exciting, the best stuff on earth is out there
And that many of us have tasted it and smelled it and seen it
And you know we got to open it up for you
I stopped going to hockey back in the 70s and I'm glad that I'm lit back up
My wife has never been into sports at all in her life
And lived in Canada for years and never even watched the game
You lived in Canada for years?
My wife was born and raised there
Whereabouts?
Alright, Windsor
And she never watched the game on CKLW Channel 9, Hobo, Hockey, and Canada
She always avoid it, that she's listening right now at a job strike
Oh my God
She's just a big time hockey fan now
No, you're out to any one thing, it's lucky for you that she didn't find it
Because you know she might have had something exciting in her life
Yeah and Atkins washed over 50 pounds on it
Beauty
It's great
Alright keep it up
You're God Dale
Keep doing it pal
Thank you, thanks
See ya
Open line in date 7519-463-751-WYOD
Well I'm sitting here trying to get a fix on tomorrow night
You know because I've been giving these scores out
And I've been sniffing around fairly close in many of them
But I just don't have any inkling
So I'm not going to give a score
I could do it, I could just pick one out of the ear but that would be stupid
That would be like Greg Cotex just making up a bunch of crap and then hoping for the worst
That's what he was doing
Not hoping for the best for us, hoping for the worst for us
And the best for him like he knew something which we know now that you don't know anything Mr. Rackspurt
Get on his anbony and blow it out your ass how do you like that Greg Cotex at the Harold
Who I still I am just amazed that this guy's got the Hotspa to write this column this morning about last night's game
And there's no illusion, there's no reference, there's no hint of anything that he's done these past few days
As though we'll just forget about it
Here's a guy like oh yeah this guy we need wrote a great article, he knows his crap
I'd say he's probably an expert on crap
147 at WIOD by the way on one thing we did decided on meeting this morning no more crap
Use talk and entertainment radio
610 WIOD
I got an amine, oh yeah
Oh
All the sticks are bruised
I'll do it in LA
In LA
I've been sharia for a while and I plan to stay
So why won't hesitate to crush this thing
Love you if your name is Jose
Your name is Jose
Oh damn, guys
California screaming
It's on the screaming
It happens in a lane
If you cross the border
For you, trust you, you will pay
Trust you, you will pay
I'll make you get down on your name
I'll mine your name
Which won't have time to play
For you, trust you, you will pay
Which won't have time to play
You'll be too busy getting by
You'll be too busy getting by
You'll be too busy getting by
You'll be too busy getting by
You won't walk away
You won't walk away
California screaming
It happens in a lane
It happens in a lane
It happens in a lane
It happens in a lane
153 at W. Wildeers
A fax from George
From whatever this guy's name is
Anyway, it says the Danny Marino
Was clapping feverishly
After we scored the third goal
After the Astrocagol
Which I believe was the third one
If my memory is correct, I'm sure of course it is
So there you go, these people
That said that Danny Boy was sitting there like a dead fish
What's wrong with these people who got to pick on Danny Boy
Even if he might have been sitting there like a dead fish
Here's the Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Panther, Pandomanium is raining over South Florida
Pandomanium, yeah
Pandomanium
Listen, I had my bratty little kids off from school today
So I went up to the practice
These guys, let me tell you something
I mean, it's already like 10, 30, quarter 11
They need their running late
They all stop
Everyone, even Coach McLean
Come over signs
Everybody down the rail
I'll coach McLean, I mean, he's the anyway of the even recognizes
As he goes nuts
Now let me tell you, every player, Lowry, Strocket, he'll come out of the car
They're the best, they're the best in the world in the eyes
They are, and you know, I was with the kids to the dolphins one time
When they were in the playoffs
One minute of time ago
And they chased you away, that fat security guy, stew, whatever's name is chased you away
These guys are class act all around
And one other thing, all the penguins are gone now, right?
You know what really bothers me is if I was a penguin fan
They are like almost tooth-finesse
They, with their, with their power play, passing around
No, you're wrong
You're absolutely wrong
They're very patient
And I'm gonna...
They're both their patient, but let me ask you this question
I don't want to do this
Let me ask you something
Ask me
How many penguin games did you see during your regular season?
I saw quite a few to be honest with you
Well, I got news for you, they're power play when Mario's in the lineup is phenomenal
Of course, keep it running, Francis is out, it was a place
That's true too
But the way they pass it around and they find it opening and they stick it in there
The thing that we did best last night in our...
And the penalty killing was the number one best thing we did by the way
We're all over
Was that we didn't let them set up and get into box and pass it around
We came out and we were like doing a great job of poking it out and not letting them get set
And we, in fact, like they're in the last minute of the game when we kept the puck out of the zone most of the time
It was phenomenal
Well, I just want to give our team all the credit because the fence is there
And I did listen to everybody on ESPN
And this guy just analysts the fang, whatever the former player pang
Oh, Darren the fang, yeah
Whatever, fang, yeah
Well, whatever he is, he is the only one that has given us credit during the entire broadcast
I mean, as far as giving...
Yeah, but he's kind of a pang and he has that key
Well, he looks like one foot
He looks like a figure skid
He's a figure skid
Okay
Go panther!
Alright, now I'm glad this guy called because you reminded me that we should have talked about that earlier
Of course, none of us were all caught up in a euphoria of the moment
But the penalty killing last night was...
It was too pennedous, it was great
It was sensational
In fact, at the beginning of the third period, you know, the beasur clears that one
And it was pretty sloppy, John, cut the crap beasur
You're great, but cut the crap
He cleared that one over the boards, which of course is an automatic delay of game penalty
If it doesn't hit the glass and it's not deflected and just goes over to the crowd inside the blue line
And, you know, there was kind of a delay there
And most of the schmucks in there are not realizing we're about to get a two-minute-minute penalty for a delay of game
And I'm saying, oh no, we're getting a penalty now, this is bad
And I thought to myself, God, we worked so hard to tie it up and Lindsey got that nice goal in a second
And we're like even Steven here and now right off the bat, 30 seconds into the third period
We're going to give him a power play and I said to myself, if we can survive this power play, we're going to win a game
Because that sound good, that's what I said
Here's Dave the cop who's becoming mighty frequent, yes
Hey, listen, how's the blues doing, by the way?
Yeah, the Cardinals, hey, they're only a few out there
How's that needle-nose Gretzky doing?
Forget him
I have
What do you think of Gretzky?
I think he's been rough and pretty good
I don't think he blows, I hate Tery Gretzky here
So he, in fact, he made a real bad one, he missed a couple on them
Then he called a terrible one, I think it was on Scroodland, then like 40 seconds later he'd make up one
A phantom penalty, yeah, these guys that aren't...
He's fair about it
That's not being fair, that's like trying to compensate and making it worse and worse and worse
Like Paul Stewart does, you can't do that
All right, well listen, I've been on the money during this whole thing, basically
And the momentum has shifted, I'd like the Panthers 42 tomorrow
And Baraz was gonna get yanked after the second period
He's gonna yank it?
He's gonna get yanked
I love it
42 Panthers
Sounds good
Sounds beautiful to me, will let you be the scoremaker tonight
Well, thank you
All right, see ya
There you go, Dave the Cops has finaled tomorrow night, Penguins 2 Panthers 4
It sounds reasonable to me
We keep playing that really tough, gritty defense, we keep...
You know, sure they're gonna get a couple of breaks on you during the game
And that's when we count guys like Carcdon to get back and poke it away, do a nice job
And to visit or come up with a big stuff, that's what we're counting on, you know
By the way, we have requests from inside the building for that hockey song
From inside the building?
Yeah
For which hockey song?
I had the one
The chance, what do you mean the one?
Yeah, that one, the CBC one
Well never, what do you mean from inside the building?
People in the newsroom
The people in the newsroom are hockey fans all of a sudden?
I'm gonna tell you something, you could go out and look into a dumpster
And find some poor, downtrodden homeless slime ball in a dumpster
He's like, how about those pants?
It's a matter of fact, you know, this is true
The last one I was in Toronto for the last game of the regular season
And the Leaf Speed Edmonton 6-3
And they needed that game to assure getting into playoffs, which they won
And I'm going down in the subway in Toronto to go back to the hotel
And there's a homeless guy sitting down there, you know, the kind of Toronto like I always say
Hey, have a nice night, Mr. Sparrow some change, right?
It's okay
He says, hey, what's this going on?
I said, 6-3, alright!
Yeah, give me one of those, alright!
This poor guy is barely breathing, alright, go leave school
It was a beautiful thing, it was great
So what do they want?
There's a dream that lives
Keeping every heart
You're a constant name
Let's just leave them off
And it's worth the sweat
And it's worth the pain
Cause the chance may never come again
Give it all you've got
It's a dream
Take your shots
The fathers give the sides
Stay in the middle of the jazz
Yeah, for the game to be lost
Just live in the storm
Go for the pain first time
Give it a listen, it's gone
It's a spirit of the game
And the place you've been standing out
But the chance may never come again
Oh no
It's a spirit of the game
Give it all you've got
Yeah!
Yeah!
Spontaneous human combustion was meant for Michael Jackson
W-I-O-D, Miami Fort Lauderdale
News, talk and entertain the radio
610 W-I-O-D
