Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Larry King is with us online three and I think Larry's in Washington right now, Andy.
Larry's in Washington.
We thought we'd bring Bob in to ask Larry a couple of questions.
We were all with interest told about some of the comments made by Mr. King to Don Schul
over the weekend.
Of course, Don Schul retired last week as head coach of the Miami Dolphins, Bob Green
is in studio with us.
Larry, hello, Larry.
Hi guys.
How you doing today?
Super.
I just stand here.
You're getting ready to go to Los Angeles?
Yeah, it's no stop after two and a half days of being trapped here.
It's all blue skies now.
But we got about three feet on the ground, which is I think.
Guys, it's snow, absolutely snow.
I'm walking here.
Yeah.
Every time I try, I do it at the Midwest a lot.
Every time I try to travel up there, it's like every time New York is shut down, the rest
of the country gets shut down.
Yeah, well, everything is shut.
I mean, if anyone's listening in Miami and they're flying to the northeast, I'm going to
get to the airport.
Larry, how are you doing?
Hi, Larry.
Bob, how are you?
How are you doing today?
Fine.
I wanted to take over a little segment here at Phil Schof.
I could.
Sure.
Because we were, and I mentioned this to you when I called you originally.
First of all, Henry Barrow sends his regards, not that I've talked to Henry since I've
been here.
Henry says his regards.
Sheryl sends her regards to you.
That's great.
Sheryl's to work in there.
Yes, she is.
My God, she'll get us all security there.
I'm not going to tell her that.
OK.
I'm not going to tell her that.
God.
We, frankly, Larry were a little bit taken aback, I guess, is the best way to put it by
comments you made to Coach Shula on your program.
My understanding was it was Friday evening.
Well, I was taken aback when I had two different friends call me on, I think it was one
call Thursday night, one call Friday when it was learned that Don was going to retire.
And they both said, boy, have you heard your old radio station?
I said, no, I worked there 20 years with the only station ever to do the dolphins.
And they said, they're screaming at them, the death.
It's pretty me over there in the society school.
Many acts are calling in and they're saying personal things about them.
They're vilifying them.
And there's a guy in the morning looking at an Occamalt day.
He should be out of coaching and he's too old.
And another guy criticizing the way he looks.
So when I heard that, two different people, what I said to Don was, I heard that the station
I worked at and you worked at because Don and I did a show together every day.
On WIOD first.
Right.
Was rap and you and he said he had, all he said, well, I'm just finishing.
I'm sorry.
Then he said he hadn't listened to talk radio in two years, but that he'd heard about it.
Well, so if I'm wrong, tell me where I'm wrong.
Well, first of all, we were not personally attacking Coach Shula.
We certainly, we do a talk show here as you do.
We have several.
What we did do and any talk show would do.
It was certainly relative to a story of this kind of local import was invite our listeners
to call and voice their opinions.
The host had no personal opinions about Coach.
Neil Rogers, quite frankly, if you're speaking of Neil Rogers or Rick and Sides or any of
the shows here had nothing but the most glowing things to say about Coach Shula in his retirement.
Now, while he's...
No, hold on.
Neil Rogers has something glowing to say about someone.
Neil was on.
The daily retirement was announced.
I'm talking about before the retirement.
I'm gonna talk about after retirement, the whole city of Florida.
I can assure you this.
What about before the retirement?
I can assure you there was nothing personal in any negative statement made by Neil Rogers.
What kind of criticisms were that he was that he had his coaching ability had begun to slump
that the game perhaps was passing him by, that it was time to make room for a coach.
And as you know, the popularity of Jimmy Johnson here is well known.
I wrote him my column three years ago that Jimmy was gonna come and coach Miami and Jimmy
told me that in Dallas.
Phil Costan just says hi too.
He's in the other studio.
Let me say this.
Yes.
There's a way you can do it and a way you cannot do it.
Now you can encourage callers to vilify.
I've been doing this a long time.
I understand that.
I started.
I know that you were with our radio station for many years.
And so I know how to do a talk show.
Daisy Pumpernix.
And I know how you can storm up a crowd.
And the people who told me I have faith in.
So you'll tell me that Neil Rogers praised him.
Larry, I would not even bother you.
I wouldn't even bother you with a phone call.
I'm gonna talk about after retirement.
Everybody's on the bank.
And that's below.
I'm talking about before coach Shula announces.
Where your callers personal are insightful.
The callers, some of the callers may have been some.
When they were, what did you say to them?
We got rid of them very quickly to be perfectly honest with you.
You know, as they may have no doubt.
Your inciting calls were off the air right away.
They were off the air right away.
And I apologize to Mr. Rogers for his fairness.
Thank you.
The rest of the staff and that the two people
who told me most have been hearing things.
I gotta tell you, Larry, I take what I do very seriously.
Hello, Larry.
Bob's a little emotional.
I'm sorry.
I take what I do very seriously.
And to have our radio station vilified, done that.
Now hold on one second, Bob.
Your station.
I was, I am well, I'm even.
I'm in general, I'm in general.
I'm in general.
I'm in general.
I'm in general.
I've been here since 1992.
Okay.
I was in Miami two years ago.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life was on W.O.D.
The worst.
You see, it's comments like that that I think are very unfair.
Do you want an opinion or not?
I can't.
Do you think Neil Rogers is a good talk show host?
I think he's the best in the piss.
I think he's the worst I've ever heard.
I think he's the best in the piss.
Well, if you're proud of him, if you're crying,
because Neil Rogers has been vilified.
What, what I need to do here.
You're a weird case going here.
Larry, could I jump on Neil and cry with each other?
All right, Larry, could I jump in for a minute?
It isn't.
Thank you.
Well, I've got a general manager here who's crying to Bob,
if you can't handle this, I can do this or whatever.
I can handle it.
I, I, I, I never heard of Worcestation.
All right.
I think that's pately unfair of you and I would demand an apology
for that statement.
And for having an opinion?
No, for, for saying that this is the worst talk radio you've ever heard,
you know the influence that you have over people.
It's the worst talk radio I ever heard.
I demand an apology for that statement.
I will not give it to you.
I demand an apology for that statement.
I'll ask you again as a gentleman.
What do you ask me to apologize?
To apologize for vilifying a radio statement.
Oh, you want me to say, Bob, I think Larry's expressing an opinion.
Oh, Bob, shut up, Phil.
You can judge your mother.
You can judge your mother.
Good to general manager, it's telling your host to shut up.
What I'm asking you to do is to apologize.
Hey guys, I don't think I, when I was on that station,
yeah, you could look up class and get W out of the written.
Who did you, names of other works?
This is an embarrassing thing.
Who did you work with?
Who did you work with?
I worked with, uh, uh, Dick Wilson.
Oh, he was terrible.
Goodbye Bob.
He was absolute, wait a second.
I'm not going to talk.
No, but wait a second.
Wait a minute.
On behalf of the big Wilson family,
yes.
I demand an apology for you.
Bob Wilson passed away and you called him Carol.
All right, so could the kettle,
kettle called in the pot black?
Okay.
Is that what you,
apologize to the Wilson family?
All right, I apologize.
All right, now, what do you think of Bill Cawlder?
Bill Cawlder was probably one of the best I ever heard.
The great talent.
He was terrific.
He was terrific.
And by the way,
he was a very close friend of Neil Rogers.
Do you think Neil Rogers is a talent?
I think Neil Rogers is the preeminent radio talent in America today.
Now I worked for your host I've ever heard.
I demand an apology.
No.
I demand it.
I demand it.
Bob, we can go back and forth from this, Bob.
You don't even know your own station.
On behalf of the Rogers family,
apologize.
Bob, this, we can go back and forth with this all the time.
Oh, what is that?
What's that craic supposed to mean?
I apologize.
His mother is listening.
I apologize to Neil Rogers' wife.
What is that craic supposed to mean?
He said his family.
I'm talking about his mother.
He has relatives in this area.
Oh, I would tell his mother that she raised a son who's a terrible talk show host.
You'll be a, Bob.
Either you can go on with this or you can't.
Bob, you can go on with this.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't believe you.
No.
I can't.
Bob, listen, man.
If you want to come on to...
He's like crying over here.
Give me a ride.
I'm sorry, Bob.
Hey, Larry, can I just ask you a question here?
Where is, where do you think Coach Hula is going to be going after this?
Do you think he's going to...
I think he's going to be...
He's going to be vice president operations.
He's going to run the team from that standpoint.
But do you think he might want to entertain any other coaching possibilities?
You know there's a rumor that Baltimore would ask him.
I want it to bother you.
Bob, shut up.
I don't believe he's the gentleman.
You know what?
At this point, neither do I.
I don't...
He can't be gentleman.
Is this a...
Well, you know, I'll tell you something about your...
Are you still on by Cox?
Yes, we are on by Cox Wildtests.
I do charities for Cox every year and have made appearances for the Cox people all over the country.
Have you raised money?
Of course.
Well, that's a shock.
All right.
I mean, look at Bob, if this is going to be contentious, I don't know how to make your contentious by telling you what I feel.
What?
Hello.
Thank you, Bob.
Hi.
Yeah, some of the very big hockey fans.
I do.
And so is Neil Rogers.
I didn't know that Neil was, and nor do I know who Neil is.
Okay, 1214 at WIOD.
The Weekend Magazine has changed.
New host, new segments, new stories, new times.
6 AM till 9 AM, Saturday and Sunday mornings.
Who's the host this weekend?
We don't know.
The Weekend Magazine.
A news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
I didn't know that Neil was, and nor do I know who Neil is.
$1.00 to Touchplay.
We're all doing what he said.
I give you a check.
$1.00 to Touchplay.
We're all doing what he said.
I give you a check.
$1.00 to Touchplay.
We're all doing what he said.
I give you a check.
$1.00 to Touchplay.
We're all doing what he said.
I'll be able to do with that.
Okay, whatever you say.
So there's like the 10 greatest minutes in the history of modern radio.
Okay, right there.
Phil Henry making a jackass out of Larry King.
And here Phil just sent me a copy of the facts he got in responses to show you the brilliant audience we got out there with a great sense of humor to show you the audience that we have to show you the nature of the people in South Florida.
Here's the facts.
Phil, congratulations with a D.
How many Ds in Congrats Eulations?
After the Larry King episode, you just barely beat out that Sikki Station Manager for the most disgusting performance on talk radio.
You must assuredly win number one with the groping information for the blind.
I hate to admit it, but that Schmuck Larry King made you both look like empty putts heads, which evidently you both are.
Please don't show the facts to your station manager.
I would not wish him to cry again.
Jesus, I can't believe the entire performance.
Surely you must be long overdue for a vacation, sincerely trying to forget.
That's the facts he gets after that.
I'm speechless.
I'm driving home listening to that.
In fact, when Phil told me he was going to put this call in, I flew down to the car.
I cranked up that radio.
I headed blast and I was laughing so hard.
Tears were rolling down my cheeks.
And especially when he sucked Larry into that business about me, which you knew was coming.
Because like I said, he's his transparent as a piece of glass.
I love it.
And this is the response from the South Florida audience.
See, Don Schuller, they appreciate because he's a football coach or was.
What else they appreciate?
We're not really too sure of.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463, 5241 on a green line in Bokeh and Palm Beach, etc.
1-800-944, what's it all about?
Here's Point and Beach. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That was a really good point you made earlier when you were comparing St. Don Schuller with Chuck Null of the Steve.
I was born with a terrible talent one hand and a season ticket to St. Don Schuller in the other hand.
There are super goals this man won four kind.
Right, and we all loved Chuck Null and appreciated what he did for us in the 70s, but how it was in 90s.
Right.
And you know how the Steeler fans are, even if you like the Dolphins or if you have everybody knows the Steeler fans or some of the best fans in the country.
And they were calling for his rear end just like you said.
And as far as I'm concerned, I love Dan Moreno.
I can't stand the Dolphins, but Moreno is a class guy.
I can't believe everybody calls him once his head.
You know, I mean, I think...
Can I tell you why?
I've been gone years ago.
Let me just interrupt for a second. Can I tell you why?
In Pittsburgh, the football fans are knowledgeable. They understand the game.
They know the ins and they outstay. They know why teams win and why teams lose.
They know that coaches can motivate people to do great things or not as the case may be.
Here, you have the least knowledgeable sports fans, not just football, but any sports. They don't know sports from their ass.
So all they know is this man has got these glowing. He's one more games than George Hallis anybody else.
He's not out there on the field, see? So him and Gary Stevens and Oliver Doddy, they're not out there on the field throwing interceptions, fumbling the ball.
Whatever the hell they're doing, okay? Make it mistakes.
Which if you're out there every game, you're going to make some sooner or later.
So they have to look at somebody who's out there making a lot of money and because he doesn't win every game,
because he doesn't take them to the Super Bowl single handedly, therefore let's blame it on him.
Because they don't understand the game.
Well, you know, on a lot of that, you know, you got to look at the top of the organization down.
Right. The Steelers have a class organization. They run their team in a very classy manner.
They don't have big... They don't... They've got a bunch of guys that don't make a lot of money.
Nobody will ever confuse Art Rooney for Wayne Heisenga.
I'd never do that, but I wanted to bring up another point too.
Joe Robbie.
You know, as far as the Steelers beat Nicole's this weekend, I don't really have a problem.
I think that's going to happen. I think it's a given.
I think it's going to be a blowout.
Yeah, I feel that too, however, I know not to be overconfident.
But in the NFC, when they play the NFC, you know how the dominance they've had over the AFC teams.
With what the Steelers did at Green Bay on the last game of the season,
did that kind of solidify your feeling that they can definitely compete with the NFC?
I don't think there's any question about it.
I mean, if Thickpen doesn't drop the ball, I mean, that's the end of the game.
But don't keep on thinking about it. A lot of people keep pointing back to the fact that they blew that chance to win the game.
It wasn't the meaningful game for the Steelers.
Now at Warn...
Green Bay was life and death. I mean, they had everything writing on it again.
For Pittsburgh, it meant nothing.
I mean, did you see the faces of their players after the game was over there laughing about it?
They couldn't believe what I...
But they didn't take it. They weren't laying down on the ground, you know.
Like this was just horrible. They knew we may get them again.
Right. And they will.
Yeah.
I hope. I love the Segrini beat Daniel.
They were at a classic Super Bowl.
I'd love to see Barry Swisher get what he's got coming to him and et's to get his ass whipped by Green Bay.
I don't like that matchup, though.
I don't like to match up between the Steelers and say the Cowboys if that happens.
That scares me. I mean...
I'll be quite honest with you.
I'll tell you what, how about if you play the Caffeinex Cardinals,
we'll bring them... you know, Buddy Ryan will bring him back for one more game.
We'll suit them up and give that a shot.
That'd be great.
Come on, you gotta beat the best, man.
That's so what Super Bowl is right about.
I know. I know.
You can't play a girls' team every week.
I know they can beat the Packers. The Cowboys...
No problem.
I hope you're right, man.
They will annihilate them. Trust me. Take it to the bank.
You're great, Joe.
Your money, though. Not mine.
Yeah.
Have a good luck to you.
Okay.
We have an open line. Two of them on the green lines there in Palm Beach,
which are useless as a Afrox Hooters.
1-800-944-9463-189-44-W-I-O-D, bud.
12-22-W-I-O-D.
Hi. Your loan is approved, right?
Hello.
Who's in my cupboard?
You better get the money.
It's the guy in my cupboard.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Finally, a movie for homosexual children.
Hello.
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Can I shower with you, little boy?
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Where are you, Gain Indian?
Oh, no, Bob.
Hey, how did you get in my pants?
Gain in the cupboard.
Question.
Can we get some shelf paper on her?
You know, like in my jumps or something?
Gain in the cupboard.
Can we shut that car off?
This is one red skin who wants some shuto.
Yes.
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
So anyway, it's the 12-25.
I was just thinking, you know, I'm looking at the Steve Spurrier thing,
which I read you like hours ago about the fact that he's turned down the Tampa Bay Bucks.
Good move, Stevie.
Good move, Yahoo.
And he's staying with the Gators.
Baby, he's having a press conference at two.
And he says, I'm staying in Gainesville because that's a little bit too big city for me over there in Tampa Bay.
And I'll be staying right here right along with all of you Yahoo's and Rednecks and Gainesville.
So there you go, all the Gator fans that were worried they're going to lose their Spurrier.
It was kind of a spurious thing and they have no fear because he's still here.
In Tampa Bay may not be.
They may be moving.
So anyway, it's 26 past noon at WIOD on a just a traumatic week that's going on here.
But I think that life is passing a lot of you by.
I don't think most of them care of Corania.
They don't get it.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Booneal.
Yes, sir.
At the risk of sound like I listened to the year in Summer Show, I can't believe how the Larry King things really snowballed.
Yeah, but does he have his Red Wing yet?
That's the question.
It's funny.
You wouldn't know the Red Wing's from the Black Hawks.
I was trying to get it.
I turned to that 560, the sports station to get a traffic report.
Yeah.
And you know, because that's all they play.
And they got one of their sports blitzes.
A sports blitz.
Yeah, Cox has filed another lawsuit to Phil Andrew for doing Larry King and talking down the Dalton Fish.
Right.
And in closing.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's a good thing that Spurrier decided to stay in Gainesville.
Instead of getting beat bad in a big game, he would have gotten beat every week.
All right.
All right, thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
We have an open line, and, Brad, I don't think that Steve Spurrier to be very honest with you.
It's sophisticated enough to be in a major market like Tampa Clearwater, St. Pete.
Even though there were a bunch of nose picking Yahoo's over there in like 75,000 steps beneath us.
I just don't think if you've ever heard the man talk, if you've ever heard him try to articulate,
he's kind of like a step away from Terry Bowden.
I don't want to confuse Terry with Bobby Bowden because Bobby compared to those two guys.
He's like a big city slicker, even though he's kind of a Yahoo also.
But Terry Bowden, I mean, seriously, if his finger ain't like embedded in one of his nostrils,
then I can't imagine who's is.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This day, Russell, calling.
I'm from Fort Lauderdale.
I wanted to say something about something.
Can I ask you a question, Dave?
Yes.
Why did you feel compelled to give me your name, which we don't usually do, not that I really care,
but I just found it curious the way you said that, as though it was kind of like you were announcing it.
You know what I'm saying?
It was kind of strange.
Well, you can cut it off then.
Well, it's too late to cut it off.
I wanted to make a comment, though.
Yes.
About the dolphins.
And about Dan Marino.
Yeah.
You know, the one thing that a guy like Jim Harbour, who?
Jim Harbour of the Colts.
Wait, wait a minute.
How are you spelling that?
J-I-A-R-B-A-U-G-H, I believe.
We're saying, how do you pronounce it?
Harbour.
Harbour.
Harbour.
Okay.
Rhymes with Marlboro.
I didn't know Jim spoke.
I didn't know a good board of game Christian boy like Jim Harbour was smoked.
Oh, I got him.
Well.
He is, you know, you got him in the game.
He thinks he thinks Jesus and God and Mary and Esther for winning a game.
You see that after the game the other day?
That was the first thing he did was thank the Lord and Jesus because he was betting on the Colts, I guess.
Right.
I'm not one of the reborns, but...
Okay.
Let's get back to Jim Harbour.
I wanted to say something about Marino compared to a guy like that.
Yeah.
The fatal flaw with Marino is...
Yeah, fatal flaw.
Here we go.
Okay.
We just bear out what I've been saying for two and a half hours, right?
Okay.
He can't run.
He's got bad knees, right?
He can't block and he can't tackle.
Yeah.
And Harbour can do the same thing.
Yeah.
Well, how many games has Jim Harbour won since he's been in the NFL with the Bears and with the Colts?
How many games has he won?
Do you have any idea?
How many records has he broken?
I have no idea, but he...
Well, you don't have to...
I don't think he has any.
Well, he's into playoffs because basically his team locked out against the team that decided to play a quarterback who couldn't run, couldn't throw, and couldn't breathe.
And that was Sonny Bono in the game with Kansas City.
That's the only reason he's in the playoffs is because Marty Shottonheimer is a shot head.
That's why.
Do you really believe that game?
Oh, I believe it would be on a shadow of a doubt, but obviously with your vast knowledge of football, I mean, you probably weren't able to, you know, to perceive that during that game if you watched it over the weekend.
There can be little doubt.
And of course, the fact that Lynn Elliott missed four field goals that my grandmother could have kicked her three field goals that also like let him into back door.
So you can continue telling me that Jim Harbour, which you don't even know how to pronounce his name, is so superior to Dan Marino.
And all I can tell you is that you're a pathetic.
We have two open lines in Broward.
Jack Jim Harbour, he is the best.
I mean, what Danny Marino, he's a statue and you got bad knees and he, uh, okay.
That's right.
Just like Mike Gartner, Harry Neal was saying that Mike Gartner who leads the Maple Leafs and goals with 19 or 20 right now at the moment who's 35 years old and
whereas braces on both knees is still the fastest skater on the team and one of the fastest in the league.
And it just goes to show you when you got a big heart and big balls like Dan Marino and Mike Gartner and some other jocks.
You overcome that and you go out there and break all kinds of records and you're fantastic and you deserve all the credit, all the adulation and all the money.
And Jim Harbour, so far other than being like a mediocre quarterback with the beers, which they said, audio's to him because you're stinking your choke.
And now like winning a few games in Indianapolis, which yes, he did play pretty well, but let's face it a game and a couple of games don't make a career.
Okay.
And this Jackass calls up here from Broward County to give us a song and a dance when he couldn't even spell football much less pronounced it.
Two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, W-I-O-D. We got one on the green line, one eight hundred nine, four, four, nine, four.
And remember what I was saying to that other guy a little while ago about how knowledgeable these fans are down here?
They think because they can turn on their free of their TV and you know throw back about 20 or 30 beers on Sunday and watch a ball game for free.
That makes him an expert.
These are people that never even bought a ticket, never even got off their dead ass and got on a bus or got in their car and drove down to a football game and gave their tangible support.
But because it's for free, they're an expert.
You couldn't lick Dan Marino's ass pal. I'll tell you that right now.
Dick, here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil? What is it?
Oh, that's where I'm missing the young and the horn. Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing? Good.
You know, I don't know if you're, I don't know you don't hear five sixty, but I was hearing it the other day.
How do you know that? How do you know I don't flip over there once in a while just to have a few good laughs?
Well, I'm, that's true. That's what I was flipping in the other night and I was saying this guy name while Rocco the Succo.
Rocco Bend over? Yes.
Yeah, him and he was saying.
I got a bad complexion by the way. That kid's got zits for brains.
In fact, I think he's been rubbing his head with the wanes. It's rubbing off now.
I think he's not like a punk to me. He is. He's a little punk with nasty music to have in the background.
And he works cheap. Yeah. Very cheap. Well, he was saying that he hopes Jimmy Johnson comes to the dolphin.
Yeah. And his first season, he goes bowling sixty.
Well, I'm sure he does because he's a Buffalo fan. This little punk they brought in from Buffalo.
He's a closet bills fan. So of course he hopes he goes on sixteen.
You know, and I see all this negativity going around about the dolphin.
I hope Jimmy Johnson comes in. And the first year the dolphins go undefeated and win the Super Bowl and never allow one point.
They go, they break every record in the history books that'll make everybody forget about Don Schule just to show a point.
Okay, it's a game. Okay, it's a goddamn football game.
And people don't realize it. They make it their life.
Life goes on. You know, George Hallis was great, but he ain't coaching the bears anymore.
And Dave Wands, that's doing a pretty good job.
These people will have lives. Right. They're losers.
That's right. That is absolutely right. You'll put your finger on it.
You know, and but not too tight. But yeah, true.
But they got to get into something else and they got to go with off and suck and you know, this fire.
Just like how you like this last red neck that calls me up. Jim Harbora.
Jim Harbora. He don't even know how to pronounce this kid's name.
He has probably never seen three football games that Jim Harbora plays, which when you got a dish like I do,
you see every game in league every weekend. And I got news for a Jim Harbora hasn't proved nothing to me yet.
He's played a few pretty damn good games other than that that don't make a career.
Another thing, Neil, the fans up here don't know how to appreciate what they have.
That's right. When you go to Chicago, when you go to up North, you go to other places.
I had a friend of mine to tell me came down here. You guys don't know what you got down there.
That's right. You guys have one of the best quarterbacks of all time.
Right. And you better go to as many games as you can.
Well, how about like how about like the Panthers playing in San Jose last night?
They've had 65 sellouts in a row. They got the second worst team in the league.
And they packed that place and they got a beautiful new arena there.
And those people appreciate it. They would never give up that team in the mid-year years.
I'm coming to think about your mommy that all of a sudden everything's coming together in place.
We got the mommy arena. Everything's getting pretty nice over there.
It was kind of bad back then, but it's all coming together.
And now this guy wants to get the Florida Panthers out of here.
Well, I'm going to go home and cry for a few hours because he's losing some money.
And I'm going to go home and get out my big hanky.
We got to appreciate Marinos Magic out there.
But they don't.
We got to appreciate them.
They don't. He doesn't have the Teflon coating.
Don't you understand? They don't understand the game.
Don Shula. Don Shula won the Super Bowl 22 and 23 years ago.
And here they got the best quarterback in the game today, bar none,
who goes out there and plays in pain, who's frustrated because he's playing with a cast of losers out there.
And all they want to do is rip him and ask because he's not winning every game.
People don't see what's coming. The fans don't see what's coming.
We're going to get Jimmy Johnson. We're going to have a hell of a coach.
That's right. We're going to have a hell of a quarterback, a hell of a leader who won the Cup.
And you're after your after next Emmett Smith will be playing down here in Adolfo.
You know, for him, we'll have a run again.
Believe it or not, you may not believe we're going to have a dynasty coming here.
I hope so. I hope Jimmy.
I hope Jimmy sticks it right up that Rocky Bend over his butt.
Let me say one thing. Don't shoot a douchebag.
I'm going to agree with you.
Okay, pal. Adios.
You heard what Larry King just said. He agreed with that.
And you know, that kills me if you listen carefully to that tape with feel with a conversation with the Larry Ziegler.
You notice how he comes down here and he's talking about the Vitupritive calls.
They've indicted. Yeah, well, what is that? In other words, if somebody calls up and says something you don't like.
In other words, cut him off.
Because they're like he does because they're not sucking ass.
That's why all those people show up on that show because not only does he suck ass,
but they screen out the calls and God forbid you to anybody call up and say anything.
Even slightly disagreeable argumentative or caustic. They're gone. Adios bingo.
And that's his idea of a talk. He doesn't know how to do a talk show.
He knows how to do an ass kissing fest.
That's the only thing he knows, which is why he is where he is today, which goes to show you that ass kissing.
Yes, it does. It will get you a long way if you know the right people and kiss the right asses.
No question about it. He's living proof of that.
But we're supposed to sit here because somebody in other words,
we're just supposed to orchestrate a thing here where everybody agrees with everything that we say.
And I'm going to say it again because I've said it for years that most of the callers are like that anyway.
I come on here and I unleash some criticism and very valid at that.
And almost everybody who calls here like after the shul announcement came down in an Friday morning,
99% of the people agreeing with me.
Phil comes on. He does that make believe thing about how shul is being picked upon.
And he's a legend. And all of us are nearly that's calling him basically a sad agreement with him.
Because people are generally ass liquors. Well, I got news for you.
This may be the worst goddamn talk show in America, but I'd rather tell it like it is.
I'd rather have you in a little tiny pair of balls than be just another ass liquor because there are a dime a dozen there everywhere.
They're sheep.
They haven't got an original thought in their butt.
1237, a WIOD.
People in South Florida were pushing new buttons this week.
The ones controlling their heater.
Mother Nature caused it. The weather channel predicted it.
And you got the news on the big chill from news talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Okay, it's 1240 and WIOD.
The people at AFC Village plumbing in town seemed to have a lot of extra facts paper to send us a bunch of crap.
Larry King is about, hey, holy old blow it out your ass.
So can't quit wasting all the people people are starving. This guy's wasting facts paper.
That's over at AFC Village plumbing.
So anyway, I have a letter here. This letter is the greatest letter I've ever received.
March 1st will be 20 years. I've been in Miami. It's not a letter. It's a facts of a letter.
And I'm serious about this. I'm not being sarcastic for once in my life.
The greatest letter I've ever gotten in all the years that I've been on a year in this town.
It's a copy of a letter that a man named Paul.
I won't use his whole name on a year because why do that?
But he sent this letter to the station manager of Channel 4.
Or no, Channel 6. That's your storm center hysteria station, Channel 6 NBC.
And he sent a copy to the hero of the Sun sent for Lauderdale Police Department. How about that?
And you'll understand why when I read it.
The letters addressed to Ms. Deborah Calura, News Director WTVJ Channel 6.
Dear Ms. Calura, I've been a resident of South Florida for the past two and a half years.
Since I've moved here, I've relied on your station for my local news both now and when you were located on Channel 4.
While I've been bothered by some decisions made in stories broadcast, Ryan Norcross's Aaron hysteria comes to mind, I've stuck with your station.
I'm writing to inform you that I can no longer tolerate your newscast.
Your handling of Don Shula's retirement and the potential hiring of Jimmy Johnson is the straw that broke the camel's back.
Saturday night, January 6th, the Fort Lauderdale Police Officer was killed in line of duty.
Is there a more tragic event that can affect the community?
However, while you mention this at the top of the news, your lead story was a report on the possibility that Jimmy Johnson may become the coach of the Miami Dolphins.
This was news. The potential for Jimmy Johnson coaching the Finns has been known for weeks if not months.
Sports are a great way for the community to come together and I attend numerous events each year, but they are just games.
Underlined, just games.
Where are your priorities, he asks?
A police officer is murdered protecting us and that plays second fiddle to the theoretical hiring of a football coach.
You and the rest of the broadcast team at NBC6 should be ashamed of yourselves.
I've watched my last newscast from WTVJTV says Paul in Margate.
Oh, I already Paul.
This letter should be framed. It should be put up on walls, on bus stops, on subways in cities that haven't been invented yet.
Adam White, Paul.
There's a guy that actually has got his priorities together and understands there are more important things.
But of course you got to understand when Jimmy Segredo is over there crying in his beer, having a nervous breakdown, snapping his old suspenders because his buddy, the Shula Meister, is gone.
And it's the saddest day he can remember in the history of his goddamn life.
This is the mentality in this town, baby.
And that's why we're just spit in our wheels. That's why there's no leadership.
The people I would say 90% and I'm being generous of the people in the media in this town, print and electronic are the most bushly bunch of puttwhackers I have ever encountered in my life.
Parochial, little tiny people.
And just glancing, I always glance at the columns in the Sunsendal to see just how parochial they're going to be.
And there's Ray Wretched, true to form, just like I predicted, right in another column this morning about his kids and his wife, the kindest stuff you would read in a newspaper in Geneva, New York, in Albion, Michigan.
That's the level of the journalism.
And I use that word very loosely that we have in this town.
It reminds me of a guy that we used to have an intern or somebody like that who worked over next door for a while at Channel 7.
And I'll never forget that kid coming in and tell me what an honor it was to work with Mark Ludner and what a great journalist he is.
If anybody in this audience can tell me anything of significance, anything memorable that Mark Ludner has ever said in the years that he's been polluting the video waves of this town, I would love to hear what it is.
Can you tell me anything? Can you give me a clue on what it is that makes him a great journalist?
Probably the same thing that makes Dave very one. Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
Well, I finally got 30 you and I think I might be the only woman that exists in West Palm Beach that meets your criteria.
Do you want me going under 100? I'm sorry? You're the only woman under 100 in Palm Beach who listens to the station. Well, thank God.
I'm under 25 actually. Great. And I'm a big hockey fan. I'm originally from New York. I came down here with my family about 10 years ago.
Yeah. And I have a heartbeat and I love hockey and I know a lot about hockey too. Great.
And the thing is too, if I hear one thing more thing about Don Chula or JJ, I'm going to scream. Right.
It's disgusting. I can't take it anymore. It's a coach. And granted, the guys will, the Don Chula, you know, winning this coach of all time.
You know, when he's done his job, he went through all different football systems in the years. He's been a coach. But, you know, it was his time to go.
And that's it. And it's not the first time it's happened. It's not the last time it's gotten out. Well, don't tell me that your life is going to go on now.
Oh, I think it is. Oh my God. You know, I actually got a few hours sleep than I'd have to say it happened to you know.
Oh, you ungrateful thing you. But the thing that bothers me too is that, you know, it's like, you know, everybody's talking about how bad the fans are down here are.
And they are. And the thing that bothers me is like, don't people realize that they have like one of the better or, you know, better hockey teams down here playing this year?
Most of these people wouldn't know a hockey puck if you jammed one at each obstacle. Okay. In fact, most of these people already got something in their nostril.
They don't got room for a hockey puck. You know what I'm saying? You know, and I either got a finger or powder or both in their nostrils. They don't have room for no hockey puck.
And the thing is I drive down there from up here, you know, to go to games and you know, I used to live in Miami. I moved up here.
But, you know, I mean, I still drive down there for games, you know, at least five times a year, you know, when I can make it. And, you know, I love it.
And the thing is, you know, the thing is they start leaving at the beginning of the third period. I don't understand that.
Yeah, about a third of them come in in the middle of the first period or some of them are still coming in in the first five minutes of the second period.
And then when it's about 10 minutes to go on the third, then they're out the door because they got to get home, get their head on the pillow by 10.
Yeah, I just don't understand. God forbid, on a weeknight, they should get home P on 10-15.
Yeah, I mean, you know, the thing that's the only thing that benefits for me is that if I got Panther Packs seats that they leave down on the lower ball,
I can move down there and watch the last five minutes.
Yeah, well, I enjoy because it makes it real easy to get out of there. Get to Valet, you get your car, there's no traffic, you zip right out your home in half an hour.
Yeah, well, I mean, do you think the thing that's, they look to be sleek, uh, looking on the road though.
They came back last night. They'll be alright.
Yeah, well, everybody goes through their ups and downs. Nobody, uh, you know, nobody in their right mind thought they were going to sustain that all season long.
Exactly, exactly.
We had our little lull-down runaway back.
And you got to coach that, you know, even though he stresses defense, he stresses offense.
Yeah, you know, it's interesting. It's interesting. You say this because in sports illustrated national magazines, hockey, night in Canada,
national shows, Doug McLean is the big story in sports of the year, okay, because he's come from out of nowhere.
Yeah.
He's coaching the Eastern All-Stars because he had the Panthers in first place on December, whatever the date was, 27.
And this man deserves more credit. And yet nobody talks about him.
All we hear about is poor Don Schulum and his Jimmy signed up yet.
And what about that redneck Steve Spirier? That's all they know here, man.
You talk about one dimensional and one track minds. It's pathetic.
And the thing is, you know, I remember when he, you know, when he got the certain number of wins to get the, to get the nod for the, the all-star coach's job.
And the thing is, you know, I'm reading all the papers and I mean, this is an expansion team that, you know, you know, everybody's kind of trading on this, which I guess they should give some, not a credit to with the thing with, you know,
hyzing them with them might leaving and everything. But it's like, you know, I just see like a little note that he got named head coach.
Yeah, right. Here's something, Pussy. I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative and yet I'm trying to build up something we got great going on in town.
And the meantime, these people in the media, they're the ones who are negative because when we ever do have something good going on, they don't know from it. They know nothing about it.
And he's coaching all stars, you know, and these are, and these are guys.
And how many times did we win games, by the way, in the first part of the season and the headline in the Sun Sentinel was, it wasn't pretty, but we'll take the points.
You know, some sarcastic, cost-a-thing, like because we didn't play a perfect game, it wasn't really also good and we're embarrassed.
And let me tell you something. Some of the great, you know, I forget, you know, Kretsky and Windruff and all of them, they're all great goalscord.
I mean, some of the great goalscord that used to play, you know, we're down in Dirty and God's goals in the flood.
Like Gordy, how the dirtiest that ever put on a jockstrap.
Well, listen, sweetheart, have a great life and hang in there because they're not going to get no better.
I'm going to take care of you.
See, okay, take good care of yourself because we can't afford to lose you.
Oh no, not this again. You're going to start with this again.
We don't know about it. We don't know what it is. We don't want this.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
W-I-D, let's sit right along because I think we're going to wrap it up at one. It looks like that's going to be it.
We have two open lines in Broward and one on the Green Line in Palm Beach.
And don't forget, even though it's tied up right now that purple line, the good news is this is a great day, January 9th,
market down in your calendar 96.
Thanks to our friends at mobile one, we now have the ability for you to call in like on your mobile, whatever it is, whether it's AT&T, whether it's Bell South mobility, whatever it is.
You can call in tool free just on its same number, pound IOD, and we pay the freight and it works and we thank mobile one and we love them and that's it.
So thank God for that. Too bad we don't have about ten of those lines, like getting rid of those stupid Green lines, which is the biggest waste of time.
Of course, that would piss off the passion, bitch, but the Too Bad Suite heart go grab your honey bar and squeeze it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I haven't heard anybody on stage yet, but on an FM radio station, I won't say the name yet.
Not Y100.
Oh my God, you already heard it.
We heard yesterday something phony below me about Dan Moreno.
What the hell is all that about?
I don't know. What do they say?
The only thing that they've said the other day, the first original day, which was obviously yesterday, that he had some kind of statement to make that he wasn't going to go on any kind of Tony Cogretto and all those.
He was going to announce it first on Y100.
Oh yeah, right.
So I really believe that.
Anytime between 6 a.m. and 10 a.m. he's going to say something.
Oh, so in other words, you really believe that.
In other words, this is a con job, the tried to convince everybody.
Stay tuned to Y100 now because we don't have any money to buy the listeners anymore like we used to.
So David Ross is going to con you into believing just stay tuned here and Dan Moreno is going to make a big announcement on Y100 because you know, it's all the 12-year-old kids come to the dolphin games.
No, man.
And buy the tickets.
No, I definitely listen to the WIOD.
I'm not saying that.
I'm just saying.
But that's the idea though. That's what they're trying to a forced on the public.
Right.
Trying to force the fraud on the public, which thank God is something we would never do, especially Phil.
So you haven't heard anything though, or are you station or nothing?
I'm trying to tell you there ain't nothing.
Huh.
Trust me.
Or not.
Uh, trust you.
Okay.
All right, sir.
Have a great life.
We have an open line today.
I'm sure that when Dan Moreno has an announcement to make, he wouldn't do it like on, you know, major media.
He'd go on Y100 to make his announcement, which what announcement is that going to be?
I mean, he's got what was there to say, Dan?
Seven million eight enough.
Is that what you're going to say?
I love you, Dan, but enough is enough already.
Got more money than God.
Cut the crap.
Just sign the deal and the Jimmy's going to be here.
It's going to be great.
No more Gary Stevens.
No more this bull crap.
No more having to come from behind 30 points because Tom Oliver.
He's out there looking confused and running his college and high school defense.
Let's get with it, Danny Boy.
Get with the program.
Open line and Broward, 524, WIOD.
We got one on the green line, 1-800, and we just sure can't wait to hear all those great spy reports from our friend up there.
It proves what I've said, man.
It just, if we could sell it by the pound, we'd be rich.
Here's Boka on the purple line.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Great show today.
That 10 minute conversation with Bill.
But this is the worst talk show in America, though.
What is the best 10 minutes of my life about my grand-dad in life?
I hate to categorize, but there's two types of people in your audience.
And one is those of us that have a clue in those that don't have even the hint of one.
And the fact that you're right here.
Like I was Jim Harburo.
Yes, that was, I forgot the preamp with my name.
This is Joe Schmo.
The great.
Boka.
He should have said that this is high-emish-medric calling from Margate.
But the paper still gave you that letter.
Yep.
Clueless.
Congratulations with a D.
Yeah, congratulations.
It's a typical people that don't have a clue.
Typical Moron.
And probably came from somebody over at QAM, maybe Hank's boyfriend wrote it.
I'm glad I was on the phone on Holford a little while because I had to recuperate from that conversation with Phil Henry.
And that comment that Brian Cox made about him doing a voice with Larry King, that was great.
Yeah.
Brilliant.
But anyway, I just wanted to...
Very perspicacious, Brian.
You're right on top of things, sweetheart.
He picks up so well.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
I just wanted to let you know.
Thank God there's somebody out there that appreciated beside those of us on the inside here.
That woman that called from West Palm?
Yeah.
I want a barrier.
Okay.
We'll get her number for you.
Bye.
See you, pal.
Open line on a purple line, pound IOD.
Yeah, this town, it's one thing.
When they got something good.
When they got something that's real stale like the brainstem, then they want to embrace it forever until it just rots in their hands.
Stale, moldy, oldy and moldy, kind of like Rick Shaw.
Even he like vanished into the night time where God only knows somewhere in Waxi, wherever he would have capped his, okay?
Nothing personal.
It's business.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Boy, oh boy.
It's just, I mean, anybody that aspires to do the same thing forever.
I got news for if I had the cash, if I... and that's it.
I mean, the guy's financially independent.
So what's everybody all upset about?
I've never been able to understand the guys like Dick Clark and Ed McMahon and all these other fossils that have got more millions that we could ever dream of seeing in a lifetime.
And yet they keep going and they just get greedy or in greedy or in every time you turn around, they're... they are pitching some other crap.
Every time you're fart, there's Dick Clark and Ed McMahon hand in hand at the door trying to sell you some magazine or some stupid content, whatever it is.
It just never stops.
How much is enough?
And as I started to say before, I was so rudely interrupted and I demanded apology from myself.
As I was starting to say, if I had the bucks that I could retire and live, not like a millionaire, which I'll never be, but just comfortably.
For the rest of my putrid years, I'd be gone now.
I wouldn't come back after the one o'clock news.
I'd say thanks for the memories, have a great life. That's it. That's all.
So what's all a goddamn crying party about Tony Cigreto and Jimmy Cifalus and all you crybin' Jim the Man Witch? What the hell you're crying about?
We should have this man's problems.
The Hummer.
The Humjob?
Is that a radio in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
W-I-O-D, Miami Ford Lutterdale. Use talking entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D
Bill and Paula together again. Good afternoon at one o'clock. This is Jennifer Rim.
News, call, head, entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D.
President Clinton's lawyer says he'll appeal of ruling that gives a sexual harassment suit to go ahead.
A federal appeals court ruled that a sitting president is not immune for-
So anyway, Jennifer, it's our apologies mine in particular as everybody is apologizing these days for a screwing up the first 40 seconds of your newscast
because we had a little technical problem and a phone line that wouldn't go out in a pot that was open in the other room and-
You're not going to take a pen.
And you're not going to take a pen.
Do accept our apology.
You don't have to apologize.
But we did anyway.
But I love you anyway.
And we love you and there's only one thing to say.
They don't come any better than Hank Goldberg.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Music
Ha ha ha.
Rude, obnoxious foul and distasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distracible because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying-
Suck my t***, take my f*** off, s*** on you mother f***er.
Words of love, they toss in the microphone, the dump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying-
Suck my t***, take my f*** off, s*** on you mother f***er.
Okay, we have a bullet and we'll get back to that.
We might even start it back at the beginning.
But we just have a little scoop here.
The announcement that Dan Moreno is going to make on Y100 has to do with the Dan Moreno Foundation.
Like I said, the guy's done a lot of good charitable things in his town and he's a good guy and he never still afraid to-
He's a good train and it has nothing to do with him signing or not signing or staying or leaving or who's going to be the coach or any other stuff.
How do you like that? Okay?
So those of you who are getting sucked into listening to Dan Moreno on Y100 every morning, when he says something it's- it's what it is.
Rude, obnoxious foul and distasteful.
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distracible because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying-
They suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f
And the patriots kick their ass... So smart, f***ing well, they make it to the Super Bowl, but with an attitude as bad as theirs... They were, they were tossing our hopes down the stairs... Oh man!
Dude, I'm not just foul and displaceful, the dolphins are cursing and man it's disgraceful, cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying...
suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***ing, they suck my f***
21,500 to go to make 150 grand, we got 23 days to do it, 20 whatever it is, 22 days, let's do it, okay? So come on by and unleash lots of cash. We have two open lines in Broward, 524WYOD, we got two on the green lines again, which like I said, we oughta convert those over to make them pound IOD lines so they'll get used a lot now that we can do Bell Soft Mobility and sell it or AT&T whatever it is and all the other stuff. Instead of voicing them on the passion bitch and those underlings in the Palm Beach County who don't use them at all, unless of course we're given some
stuff in a way. Here's Miami on the Purple Line, hello. When it's time to they say, me go, well you kind of stole my thunder, I was listening to Hank yesterday and I said, Hank, yeah, in the case of radio dyslexia. The Hummer? See I used to think when they said the hammer, I thought it had something to do with like a real hammer that you like a pound nails with, it has to do with pork. Yeah. Interesting.
The kind of hammer you pound pork with I guess. He had mentioned the same thing that the announcement on 100 by Marino is going to be about his little foundation there. Yeah, but they're building it up like it's going to be something else because they're trying to suck a lot of 90 people in their lot of 905 year olds and listening. Think they're going to hear something about football. Yeah, well, you know, it gives people something to do. There you go. Good point. That little did you just played coming out of the break. Yeah, what's the title? What do you call it? Falmouth Dolphins. Okay. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go.
I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Oh, well, we're going to go. Oh, well, we're going to go. Yeah. Get that one. Yeah. Cool. Okay. That's really cool. Yeah. Let's do that. That's great. That's great. Uh, I'm going to go. We're going to go. All right. I'll tell you. I want to be lightly replaced by not be betrayed. Yeah. And like I said, I'm really curious so much. Go. I'm not  whatsoever on Switch of program. Yeah. I'm breaking inerve. Yeah. The piano is for me and I think I got ther. It's my car. I know. Come on. Get to my store.
Open line in Broward 524, one on a green line, 1-800, as we try desperately to keep it up for another 41 minutes or 50 whatever it is.
By the way, speaking of the guiding light, just when we get to these climactic parts of our soaps, which we're hanging on to desperately,
they got a guy that's filling in for Mary in the maniac, the psychopath, the role of Vashmendrick today will be played by...
And they don't even look like the other one at all and he's wearing the Zorro outfit and all of a sudden...
And how, by the way, did he get that Zorro outfit like in five minutes? Where do you go to get a Zorro outfit on New Year's Eve like in about two minutes?
So you can go over there in the kidnap Lucy. That's something we ought to...
We shouldn't be thinking that deep because after all, once you start thinking details, the soaps don't make any sense anymore.
Here's a Tamarack. Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir. Did you catch on the front page about the Supreme Court decisions that just came down?
Yes.
Are you're comment of sparrows at the censorship?
Uh-huh.
And as well as...
The word police, right.
The word police. And the fact that now you cannot get a job if you smoke.
Right.
Which is, I mean, it started with drug testing.
It's called fascism, sir. I've told you this for how many years, for like 20 of the last 20 years?
It's a fascism.
It's a fascism.
It started with Joe McCarthy. In fact, it started with the Harry Truman and the national security like we're looking over your shoulder, the big brother movement.
And then it moved out to Joe McCarthy. And now here we are with Reagan.
And we've transcended to this, the Bob Dool and Newt Gingrich and Bob Dorn and all the Nazis out there. That's what we got.
And it's in a big election here. And we... I voted for Clinton. I'll vote for him again.
I think other than Ruth Bader Ginsburg, I couldn't read anything in the paper as to what the vote was.
You figure it's Scalia, it's Thomas, it's, uh, Renquist.
Yeah, oh, Renquist. Oh my God.
They're going to vote Clinton out of office over Whitewater and we're going to get another...
No, they aren't. Bob Dool couldn't win a fixed... He couldn't win election for dog catcher, okay?
Trust me when I tell you, Bob Dool is a born loser.
I hope you're right.
Make no mistake about that.
I'm clutching my passport here over the latest thing because next it's going to be people who are overweight, cause...
Right. ...or trouble to your health insurance with the body fat. We can go on and on with this.
Dr. Radkins is working on that one.
And genetic testing... Yeah.
One last thing, did you catch the end of the game with the cults with Harbour?
And they got on the funeral. Harbour open.
They asked him, I don't remember how they worded it, but as far as how the game went, but his answer was,
I'd like to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
Yes, I already mentioned that.
You mentioned that.
Board again, fanatic.
But does that mean Jesus Christ didn't have, I guess, a bet on the campus...
He bet on the cults.
Avid Ali.
Yeah.
Have a good day.
And see ya. By the way, speaking of pronouncing things correctly, Denise Potfayne, who could be one of the simplest people I've ever met in my life.
I haven't met him, but ever seen. Thank God I haven't met him.
Last night during the Panther San Jose game, he's talking about somebody from Worcester.
Worcester, Matt.
And he's serious. Worcester rhymes with Worcester.
And then to make it even better, my good friend Jeff Rumor calls Ulf Dallin. Dallin.
Ever see a hockey player named Dallin?
That's like a football player named Lynn.
Oh, sorry.
114 at WIOD because Lynn Swan gets pissed off when you say that.
The real cost with cellular phone service isn't the phone, it's the monthly airtime.
Now, a lot of people out there are getting sucked into believing this deal that when you sign up for a year or two.
They give you a phone and all you pay is a penny for it.
Wrong.
The real deal is that you pay for it over and over again with those gigantic monthly bills.
Switch over to mobile one cellular and the network and start saving up to 40% each and every month.
There's a plan starting at just 1995 a month, including free airtime.
You get a free motor roller page you're throwing in there as well.
And your calls will average only 30 cents a minute.
Call 1-800-FONE-M-1 right now and mobile one will go over your cellular phone bill and tell you how much you'd save every month and could start saving like right away.
And if they can't save you money, you'll still get that free page.
Mobile one makes it easy to switch with over the phone approval immediate activation.
So what are you waiting for? Don't forget those free phones that other companies alleged that they're giving you for free aren't free after all.
You're paying through the nose through the nose each and every month like crazy.
So save up to 40% on your cellular service by calling Florida's new smart choice mobile one 1-800-FONE-M-1.
That's 1-800-FONE-M-1 mobile one the real deal free page you require is activation.
Tonight on DECO Drive you've read all the gossip.
I love you it's for you me and the entire planet.
Now it's the stars Derenza let loose.
How's that for a sound bike?
DECO Drive goes one on one with Julia Roberts, Sylvester Stallone, Richard Gear, Bruce Willis and P.M.
Tom Hanks.
I try to sleep with her every night.
We feel you hear the rest on DECO Drive with Kelly Mitchell and Jessica Huggierway.
Take a ride.
Tonight is 7 only on 7.
When they try to rob you blind.
How many people do you scam a week?
When they put you at risk.
One particular truck was in such bad shape.
The wheel actually come off.
When they waste your tax dollars inside addition is there to set the record straight.
We've pushed harder Doug deeper to keep you safe to get to the truth.
Inside addition investigations the guts to get the story.
Inside addition tonight at 7.30 on WSBN 7.
More reasons for it listed the morning show.
Besides that firearms and call return thing.
News from around the planet 1996 version.
What is that noise?
I gotta get rid of this drip you know.
Oh here try this.
Oh now it's got wings and channels.
Snug.
Rickinsug 6 to 10 a.m. on the US talk entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D.
The mentioning the name Neil Rogers a lot down here.
The last I heard him do baseball was years ago and he did pretty good baseball.
But he's got an arreputation now that I wouldn't hire him.
Put on my brand new shoes and I tripped out the door.
Got sold to him I convertible roof leaked in the middle of the pouring rain.
Token exit on the freeway and hot coffee pours on me.
Yeah I got a speeding ticket.
And every rendered the guy from me then I was walking in darkness.
I was watching his that train of dew fall on me and when they cleaned up my office.
Yes I've struck me this was a Monday.
Oh what?
What we're talking about important stuff to me and that's more important than you guys right at the moment.
Anyway it's 117 at W.I.O.D. what do you mean right at the moment.
We have two open lines in bro 5249463.
Don't make the audience feel unloved and unimportant.
They're your bread and butter right.
5249463 look at a big smile on Sharon's post as she's there telling Nick guess what Amy remembered.
Matt Rafter she shot him and the yadi yadi and Matt flew the coop and she's got a big smile on her push and he's going to get out and no more the warp man and did it rub off and did he catch anything because if he did she's out.
All right enough already with that stuff okay and by the way when you go to shave that schmutz off your push.
He said to her okay let's go to Miami hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Does Larry King really think that he was talking about green?
Yes.
How dumb can he be well there you go that's the obvious question.
He's still a litigate I mean he carried on a conversation for 10 minutes with a very good thing.
Hi this Larry King.
Yep.
So what it's mind boggling isn't it?
First of all when you hear the voice I hate to say this but I mean that's not one of the great over the phone when Bob does the Bob
Green on the phone it's really great but like in the studio like that cold on the mic it like is a little bit lacking in something like credibility.
And to think that he would believe that this is like a real guy and then the guy starts breaking down into tears and to buy into this to buy into this.
So he's got to be he's out in left field.
I have a question.
Yeah.
How long do you think Jimmy Johnson will tolerate high pingo?
Meaning what?
Well if you have a lot of variation in high pingo.
Let me tell you this if Jimmy does his job high pingo won't even look at him cross eye.
Okay.
It's all accounts.
Okay.
I'm telling you that's like I said I'm not going to lie to you as much as I dislike Wayne in a lot of areas.
He leaves his coaches alone.
He leaves the front office people alone.
He hires people that he hopes will do a good job and he puts him in there and to do it or else that's it.
Well maybe that's a saving grace.
Right.
I think like I said before it's ready made for Jimmy.
He's got exactly the deal.
Shool is like out.
He's got a title and that's all he's out of the office.
He's out of his way and they paved the road for Jimmy like the old Hershey highway.
Come on in.
Do your thing and we're waiting for the announcement.
Okay.
Have a good day back to you.
And I mean that I don't think that there's any big surprise any big suspense.
I mean it'll be a relief to know exactly when it happens and they do make it official.
But I don't think barring some kind of I mean you know Wayne's got the big bucks.
Oh sorry.
Wayne used to have the big bucks before he started losing all his money on our Panthers.
And before he started to cry like God damn Alice in Wonderland.
But he does.
He's got the big bucks there and he you know he's a business guy like I said it's business.
It's not personal.
Open line in day 751 W I O D that's what guys like Larry King can't understand.
That's what fat Hank can't understand because he's another toss liquor okay.
There's a difference between business and personal.
And if I have an opinion if I'm one of those people that was a season ticket order for years.
I wonder how much fat Hank had to pay to go into the games huh.
Probably got his past there or whatever and goes in there for free.
If he was going to the game don't see him at any Panther games by the way which I'm sure he could go through for free.
But I was subsidizing that business over there for four or five years and will continue to do so again as soon as they name Jimmy.
They had coach I'll put my cash down on my deposits since that rich is still holding those nice pair of 50 yard line season tickets.
Thank you.
So I think I do have a right to say something I have a right to have an opinion whether Hank likes it or Larry likes it or the brain stem like or anybody else likes it.
But this has become a country that thanks in large part to people like Larry King where we just have professional talkers liquors out there.
And I had news for you it's bad for your health Larry.
Do you know what I'm talking about a lot of stuff going around these days sweetheart.
121 at W I O D you know since 1982 the folks at a Atlantic Coast mortgage have been in business helping folks just like you get the money they need is what they've been helping them do.
You might think that if you have credit or income problems you won't be able to get the financing you're looking for well here's the good news.
Here's the surprise at a Atlantic Coast mortgage that's not true.
Atlantic Coast mortgage can help you get the cash you need for home improvements for purchases whatever you got to have the money for even if you've got credit problems income problems they can help you call 1-800-281-31-64 and find out how you can get a first or second mortgage at the lowest rates going out there.
A Atlantic knows they're getting at the lowest rates because they check every day with 50 lenders to find you the best deal waiting for you out there and there's no application for either so what you got to lose call 1-800-281-31-64.
Don't be held back by what you think are problems.
A Atlantic Coast mortgage will try and find you a way to get the money that you need 1-800-281-31-64 for a Atlantic Coast mortgage a licensed mortgage brokerage business call them today.
One more time for the West Coast. It's toll free 1-800-281-31-64.
Use Talking Entertainment Radio.
Use Talking Entertainment Radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
When I've blessed my soul once around with me I had to spell it so bad and I could hardly see.
Come on, I'll pass me that bottle and give me a jug. I feel buzz.
I'm all f***ed.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wear my hands and sh** and neck my knees a week. I break this so much I can hardly speak.
I don't stand too close because I'm out of junk I feel buzz.
I'm all f***ed.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The Doctor gave me some fields that I blow my mind. I'm a little freaked out but feeling fine.
It's perky damn that I love this.
Give me such a car, just nail it, I lose my breath, I took a little moan.
Through the guy, I vibed in the palm of the other shot.
You need to pick me up because I'm in a rush. I feel buzz.
I'm all f***ed.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wear my brain so fried I can hardly speak. I'm getting hot and pouts and my blood is weak.
There's only one way I can get in my kicks. I have to call up the doctor.
Get me a fix.
I took a little moan water.
Through the guy, I vibed in the palm of the other shot.
I need a little pick me up because I'm in a rush. I feel buzz.
I'm all f***ed.
All right, 125, I thought that was never going to end. We have an open line of dates.
What's the name of this movie with the very young Jim Carey who looks pretty damn good to me.
What's the name of it?
Love it first bite.
Love it first bite. He's biting it right now as a matter of fact.
Open line in the row are two of them at five.
Sorry, that was the other one.
What?
Love it first bite was the George Hamilton.
So what is this?
Once bitten.
I think.
So in other words, you try to say that all of his movies bite.
Is that what you're trying to say and you're on a holy oway?
No, nothing.
Two open lines in Broward, 5249463, 524WIOD.
As we continue with our relentless assault upon bullcrap.
That's what this show is really all about.
It's a relentless never-ending assault on crap.
And that's not easy. Let me tell you.
Here's Miami Shore. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon.
And my first time caller.
Great.
Are you managed to get through?
Uh-huh.
Enjoy your program.
Well, thank you so much.
I want to do a very happy New Year.
Even though this is the worst radio talk show in America, but hey, listen, every dog finds it's a lot.
It's entertaining.
Uh-huh.
I'm born here in Miami and pretty on me.
I evolved through this no major sports to four major teams.
Right.
And I think that the fans here really don't appreciate what they have.
No, they sure don't.
And they support the world.
But first of all, let me just let's, you know, again, I hate to say this because it sounds very negative.
You get to read, but it happens to be true when you analyze the population here and you take the 50 or 60% of the people over the age of a hundred who are mostly dead.
Uh-most of those people, I mean, we have a few live wires out there, but most of them are not going to participate or support anything that has to do with living and breathing stuff like sports.
So, you know, you count them out.
Then we have certain other ethnic types who live in this community who have things that they're interested in, but other things that could never interest them like most of the Julios, for example,
are never going to come to hockey games no matter how much I talk to them, even though they're all listening right now.
There are some, but not nearly as many as there should be and it goes and so it goes.
Well, that's true.
I think that most of our black population as much as they'd like to go see the heat and maybe see some other games, most of them because we have such a large,
uh, lower income black population in South Florida, uh, can't afford to go.
Well, you know, if you're a true fan, you support your team regardless of what they're doing.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the definition of a fan.
Yes.
Comes from fanatic.
Uh-huh.
But anyway, I really enjoy your program and there are more important things that are going on really than in your life.
No, come on.
I think you're out of step.
Now, I think you own apology to the coach.
Yeah, all right.
Well, you know what?
You can't knock him for what he has accomplished in the past.
In the past.
Like a very long time ago.
Yeah.
And, uh, like Moses used to be a pretty good guy too, but I think he's the best days ever.
Well, let's keep him in a new testament.
Okay.
Um, Larry King, when he was here, I had personal contact with this guy and, uh, Moses in the New Testament.
He is, okay.
He is a drunk Moses.
He is a wine bottle too.
Yeah.
How many Passover centers it'll do it to the best of us?
And Goldberg is a real hippopotamus.
Okay.
And have a great day.
We have two open lines in date.
751 WIOD.
We have one in Broward.
5249463.
524WOD.
Not too many of the women.
I'm still waiting.
It would have been on for three and a half hours here today.
And I'm waiting for that one defining moment that one really perspicacious caller who's going to explain to me and lay it right out there in black and white.
That we can all read.
That we can all hear.
That we can all relate to.
We can all understand in simple English or whatever language you want to speak.
What is the story here that there is somebody in our midst who is beyond criticism?
Whether it's like light criticism.
Or whether it is vindictive and ugly.
What difference does it make?
And did I mention at the beginning?
I think I did, but I'll say it again.
This whole business that's going on now is part of a desperate, a desperate game plan being hatched up by certain people down at the other end of the dial, which I don't want to mention WQYM.
Because they really believe that they're going to get the dolphin broadcast after our contract runs out.
What is it next year?
Why is it that nobody seems to know?
I think we have one year left.
And that'll be it.
Regardless.
I mean, that'll be it.
I don't think there's any chance WYD.
And see, you know, something life will go on and we probably won't lose any money on it.
And so the Brian Cox business who just happens to be on QYM and do a show with Hank every Thursday and make sure to tell everybody hates WYOD and Phil Henry and suck my duck and all this other stuff.
And then of course, we get to thing with some Oshopra Valkyred Tour down here.
I can't imagine how fatty might be.
Maybe it's the Hummer.
Calling up Larry and starting all this crap up knowing of course, full well that Larry has a tremendous grudge with me and with his radio station and a lot of people who are still in it who remember all of his student again.
So that the first question out of his push on Friday for the coach is not how do you feel?
Not what are you going to do with the rest of your life?
Not what led you to this decision, but about that the station I used to work for down there with those vicious attacks.
So you see if you turn everybody in the organization against us, then the games will like Wafter way over there.
I pray that they do get it. I hope they put the games on and let Rocky Bend over do it with Joe Rose with the little dog.
That would be really great.
That would be almost as embarrassing as they got with the Chris Moore and then Elaine guy doing hockey games.
They dumped down. It's down in there and the meantime it didn't look like they got any chance and nothing is really changing.
And he's rambling on, rambling on, rambling on.
Even Bob Farrington with rambling will he never rambled so much around a racetrack is this guy is rambling on and you haven't got any idea what's going on?
What a really professional job of butchering up the greatest sport on the history of mankind. How do you like that butchering it up not just a poor job, but a butcher job.
So I say more power to it. You put the dolphins on there, baby. And you know something you'll still have ones and twos all the rest of the week like you always have had and you always will.
Except for those hours when you have fractions.
They got a large ass limbo on there. They got a man. It's a monster in a goddamn radio political industry.
Okay. A monster a giant, a multi millionaire and in some a fat Nazi set of a bitch. They got him on here. He does like two shares and that's the big number except once in a while a hammer looks out and gets a few wire diaries in here.
It gets a tour of three. They got no number. They got nothing to they got no story. None.
Even with the Marlins, they have the lowest numbers at night during the summer with the Marlins out of any team that's got major league baseball anywhere in America on that station.
So they think that by sticking the dolphin games on a weekend, that's going to be the stroke that's going to bring them right up to the top. Well, guess what?
Yes, suck.
Here's for a lot of Dale and the purple line. Hello.
Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? University of Rochester graduate? All right. Yeah, Nick Carlos. Remember it. Yes, sir. Garbage plate, baby.
Beautiful. Bring me over to garbage plates right now and then we'll go to Don and Bob's and then we'll go to Abbots for some frozen custard after you got it.
All right. Beautiful. That's right. All we got in Rochester is lilacs food and snow, but hey, it ain't all bad. You got it.
And we at least we got a symphony orchestra anyway. Yeah, the Eastman School of Music, too. Right. And we got the Amherst. We got a hockey team, anyhow.
A Bushley hockey team and a Red Wings, a Bushley baseball team. You got it for the Orioles. You got it. So the stadium, right?
Neil, close friend of Miriam, your hair cutter. Right? She goes to my house. Great lady. I need her this week by the way. Yeah, me too. I'm dying over here. I want a low on money, though.
You what? Running low on money. Yeah. Well, tell her to give it to you for nothing. And a haircut, too. You got it. Hey, Neil, listen. I have a problem with Larry King.
Yes. This guy just sits there and he professionally kisses ass all the time to all these people. It's a joke.
I mean, it's a joke watching a show. I mean, it's a joke. How'd you like to get paid for kissing ass? Isn't that incredible?
How'd you like to become a multi-millionaire through kissing everybody's ass no matter how obnoxious and detestable they may be?
You know what the beautiful thing is? I mean, it's just it's living proof to anyone in this, in the United States of America, make money no matter what.
Kiss your ass. Kiss your way to the top. That's it. Exactly. Right. You got it, Neil. Okay, pal. You have a good that. And back to you. All right.
There's a guy from Rochester. That's a place. Right. With that fake laugh, Larry, who the hell are you kidding? Okay. Just listen to that over and over and over again. Just for the rest of you.
Oh my God. Is that tell you everything you need to know? See, there are everybody is like infallible. Everybody's got the teflon shield around them. So you have to make nice.
You have to just kiss up to everybody, whether it's Yasser, Arafart or Jerry Falwell or no matter who it is, Louis Farrakhan. Just kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
And God forbid you should ask him a tough question. Because then you're a bad guy and they won't come on your show anymore and you can't play mutual ass kiss anymore.
Everybody in the industry that's got a brain knows that this man is nothing but a professional T.L. Okay. And if you don't know what that means, it stands for Tachas liquor, Tushy liquor, baby. Okay.
So don't give me a song to dance about this is the worst show in America. If I were sitting here every day, Tony, what a great guy Larry King is and who his guest is tonight. He would come on here and say, man, Neil Rogers is the best.
He's the best. I'm the best interviewer, but he's the best on the phones. He's the best talk show host, which he used to say some years ago before I started Tony, what an asshole he is.
Now I'm a bad guy. Where's the credibility Larry? Where is it?
134 at W.I.O.D. Jim Curie is looking pretty good there. And how long goes that movie about half an hour ago? If you're driving right now, be on your guard when you stop at the next gas station, the folks at Lowjack, the stolen vehicle recovery system, verify the accuracy of this report.
Recently a man drove in for self service in his 95 Nissan Altima. He pumped his gas while a car thief was waiting in a shed was watching his every move kind of like Miriam without the bad disguise.
When he went to the pay window, he carelessly left his keys in the ignition. It took just those few seconds for the thief to hop into car, lock the doors and drive away. The owner was shocked, but the good thing was he had a low jack stuck in that Nissan.
And suddenly things looked brighter. He called the police. They activated his low jack and bingo. They got the Altima back pronto while it was still in one piece with no damage at all while it was worth getting back.
So take the lead against Auto Theft with a protection and peace of mind that you get from low jack. And right now our friends at Lowjack give you a free, full-featured car alarm when you buy the low jack retrieved system.
Get low jacks total protection through your new car dealer when you buy any kind of a new car just say hey stick a low jack in there put it through the financing as part of the payment and you'll barely even know your pay for it.
But boy, you'll know you got that peace of mind and protection. Or if you're driving a piece right now that you want to low jack in just call this tool free number and they'll take care of it for you.
1-800-53-Lowjack 1-800-535-6522
Some people call him JJ, default causing the jimmer. Most people would like to call him coach.
And the home of the dolphins news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D.
Call me 50 hours.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I am.
Who is like that?
140 at W I O D.
This is another one of the great accomplishments of Larry King and foisting over that little midget with the big ears on America almost single-handedly.
And of course, forget about responsibility, forget about the fact that the man was talking cock-a-on-year.
They had their heads up each other's ass and of course maybe Larry figured some of the money would rub off and maybe it did.
Isn't that sad?
Just roll up your sleeves and do do do. There was more do do than you could shake your stick head.
I'll tell you that with Ross P. Row.
So you know, there's the power in the hands of a ass-looking man. That's where it is.
We have two open lines in date, 7519-463-751. What's it all about?
Here's Boca. Hello.
Hey.
I've been a whole for a while. I couldn't hold it anymore, man.
Okay, Bo.
Squeeze an awful Larry.
Little pressure out.
Actually, the first thing I want to say was before they cut to the news conference with Chula last week.
Did you hear Brad the Booger?
No, I didn't. I was in the house watching so I didn't hear it till later.
You were asking that.
They totally ignored it.
Yeah, I noticed that. They were doing that afterward when Bo, what's her name?
Bo Jangles and Manwich were like trying to pretend that the Booger wasn't even here.
They just wouldn't dignify him with a response.
Just before they cut to the conference, like just a minute before it,
Brad the Booger of the Asking Man did.
He was going to still be Chula's poor boy.
Right. If he was still going to be doing the cleaning out the car and be the poor boy.
That was beautiful.
And you know what the answer is?
Oh yeah.
And yeah, but have it there are throwing rats on the ice last night.
Did you see on the in the game?
I didn't see that.
Yeah, Santa Jose, a couple of fans, they're just paying the score to do a rat on the ice.
All right. I didn't. That must have been like late in the game.
Yeah, it was. I still have it on tape. I got to rewind it.
Yeah, you got to check it out. It was after one of the late goals.
I love it.
That a heart can look pretty good.
He played pretty good last night. I tell you what, then Carcler still scares the hell out of me.
And Svalot still is the worst defenseman we got.
Yeah, they're pretty thick and bad.
Oh, man. And this car, I don't know who he's sleeping with, but boy, oh boy, they're always talking about how great he is and how much we missed him and how we
greater was to have him back.
I see him coughing that thing up in his own end and giving that puck away more than anybody since Joe Serella.
He just scares the hell out of me.
Once in a great while, I'll play a good game, but then about five bad ones.
So one thing I'm going to pick to see who from the Panthers will be on the team.
We should already know that, don't we?
I don't know. I don't think so.
I don't think we know the West guys, but I don't think we know the East team guys yet.
Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you one thing. The Gees are better be on air.
I'll tell you that first period last night, he was unbelievable.
Yeah, they look pretty good last night.
Yeah, they're coming back around.
Can't wear a forever, you know?
Right.
So, um...
Yeah, these people, they lose a couple of games.
Well, what's going on here? What's wrong? Are we going to win every day?
Yeah, right.
Can't do that.
But, yeah, Larry King, I mean, he says he doesn't know you on some of those courts.
Right.
What if that crap just denies it even better?
I think you just said what it is, and that's why he says...
All right, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Right. I was only on his show with him. I don't know what about four or five times,
when I was working at KAT and he had me as a guest on his show on this station,
but he doesn't know who I am.
Yeah.
See, he thinks by doing that that it's going to somehow make him bigger and me smaller,
and guess what? I'm not going to get any smaller.
But I'm as big as I'm ever going to get unfortunate.
That person, he's pretty small.
Yeah. Um, hunchback.
Do you have a hilarious card when he was like...
You know, I've been... I knew somebody would nail me on that,
and of course, we got a lot of people with slippery fingers in this joint.
I have been looking for that thing and looking for it,
and it's around here somewhere,
unless somebody has taken it home and sleeping with it, but I'll find it.
Yeah, that's a real classic.
It's one of the best.
All right.
Have a great life.
We have two open lines in Dade County for some reason.
Here, we don't have no Julios calling in here,
because they wouldn't know Larry King from King Julius.
At 7519-463-751-WIOD.
You don't need to have anybody else who speaks English in Dade, I don't think so.
Let's go to West Palm Beach. Hello.
I'm Neil. I'm the only one in West Palm.
Are you the only one?
A person. What do you mean?
You're the one.
Like the Vougs said, you're the one.
I want to tell you the other...
I keep the radio on my bedroom all the time,
and I woke up the other night, and the sex bitch was on.
Talking about her...
how her batteries died in her pocket rocket.
I couldn't believe it.
Boy, talk about a short circuit.
Can I have a shameless request?
What might that be, sir?
Nobody rips you better?
Nobody rips you better.
With a famous Ann Emory, what's your name?
Yep.
Okay, I'm working on it.
All right.
Have a great life.
You too.
He said you too.
See, they always do that, and if there's any group that I cannot stand,
is those Irish pipe twisters.
By the time I get through the next couple of minutes,
she is going to have to pick every scab off that putrid,
Puss-filled body of hers.
All right.
Nobody rips you better.
So I'm going crazy on this, yes, because this has got to stop.
You make me sick, Pat.
You bitch!
God!
How is it possible to be so stupid, Pat?
Nobody rips you.
I last saw as good as Neil.
You idiot, you asshole, you?
Baby, he's the best.
Well, sing this, you fat slob.
I'm going to take this cord, and I'm going to shove it right up his ass, okay?
And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt
that he's going to be singing a different tune when I get through with him.
But we have a longer cord than this piece of crap.
Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
We've got 100 assholes running around this building.
They can find another one besides him, although, maybe not that big.
Oh, get it out of there.
Go for a cord somewhere.
Go do something.
Pull a lot in your case, a good question, okay?
God.
Nobody rips you, baby.
Don't start looking once again as always to blame Fatal Neil.
Whatever you're upset about.
You're disgusting, nauseating old slobs.
Nobody rips you, and I said, good at you.
Old, crabby old bitches.
Neil, if you don't rethink, you're going to split hell, why does?
You're gonna split it wide open.
You're gonna split it wide open.
You're a skull with a mallet.
You stupid old bitch.
There we go.
Now we're cooking.
What did I just get through talking about?
It was old bags.
We don't watch you, Lenny.
Okay, go get some knitting out.
Go find some crossword puzzles to do.
Go get something.
Give me 15 bucks.
I'll put in a word for you with the Lord.
146 at WYOD.
Some things are too good to be true.
That's why when you see or hear about a great deal, you can get...
Okay, let's start all over again.
Who writes this stuff with these long sentences that go on for 55 paragraphs?
Let me say it again.
The facts start with dry concepts, and forget about whoever wrote this stuff,
because it was probably some like Jeff Lai.
That's what it is.
First, dry concepts guarantee your price in writing before they even lift a finger,
before they touch anything, including your carpets.
Compare that to the old scam, a charging 595 per room,
and then hitting you with other charges after the work's already begun.
You know that scam.
You know what kind of a deal it is.
Then there's the actual cleaning process.
Dry concepts is the best here too, because they keep up to date on the latest technology,
and they're certified to work on every kind of carpets ever have been invented,
including area rugs or reenls.
They use only certified technicians who really know their stuff.
And then dry concepts leave you with the cleaner carpets that attracts less soil,
and resident who stays cleaner longer.
Drives in just one to two hours and smells lemonier fresh,
because they put a disinfectant on while they're doing the job and sucking out that deep-down hidden dirt.
So don't be fooled by the imitators out there.
Don't be fooled by the Shifters and Con artists.
Call of people have been around doing it right for years and years,
including in my house every year, dry concepts.
And they'd call 9303636.
9303636, and Broward, it's 581-4739.
581-4739, and in West Palm, 930-4735.
930-4739, the one the only, the miracle workers at dry concepts.
Use talk at Entertainment Radio, 610-WIOD.
Hi, this is Larry King, and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Radio theater of the mind presents Pinocchio, getting of a sectomy.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Thank you.
You're welcome, 149 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Day 751.
Who's that in the bat line? Could be somebody pretty interesting.
Who is that son of a bitch?
Makes my freaking kiss-kissed twist.
The dumbest jackass with a show, you know.
Larry King blows.
Yes!
They'll have them by the co-horns.
A gullible pile of big bald bones.
You can stick his ass in a pile of snow because Larry King he blows.
Yes, everybody.
Larry King he blows.
All right.
What do you say?
Don't be 50-dollars.
That's what I thought he said. Don't step on it now.
So it's 150 at WIOD.
Next, he'll be calling in because, you know,
I'll get another spy report from his fat friend down here, down the dial, little ways.
Tell him, I'm already really ripping you. It's bad. It's vicious.
And so what if it is? You're a public figure man.
You're making millions of dollars off a bunch of suckers out there that think you're some kind of God's gift to interviewing assholes.
And that's it. So enjoy your money and stop being so stupid and thin skinned.
Okay, Larry. Stop being so thin skinned.
Larry Ziggler.
Seriously, if you ever wondered about that and where is Steve Ziggler binlay?
Do you see him vacation?
Oh.
One of our engineers who's been here before this building was eve.
I mean, he's been here before the invented radio before Marconi was born.
Steve Ziggler.
And this guy's like Larry Ziggler. Stop and think about that for a second.
I wonder if there's something.
Here's a lady mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. How are you?
I'm wonderful. How are you?
Okay.
That's the important thing.
Yeah. I heard a lot about this down show.
All these other never see the football in my life.
I don't have time for that.
Well, good for you. You actually have a life.
Good for you, sweetheart. I'm happy we got one person in this town that's got a life and don't need done Shula to make it.
Yeah, but you know, I just feel just like any, any,
perfecting any places.
People start going to position. Don't want to move.
Even they were all the season of the tights.
Right.
And they want to power money and the sex.
That's what they're looking for.
Money, power and sex sounds good to me.
Yeah. They don't want to go.
And they become afraid people,
are competing, are free, and whatever.
But you're probably figure so too bad.
Right. I don't know what you're saying, but it sounds really good to me.
And you know, as I was before, I was getting libos lenders.
I sue somebody for libos lenders because I can pick up their classic capacious.
Capacious?
Capacious, yeah.
Or whatever.
He plays with Jim Harbour.
So I can sue them.
But if you're public figure, you had a really fun though.
That's right.
You know, if you're not right, you better get out.
I mean, it's one thing when it's malicious and nasty and personal.
But if it's a business and not personal, that's a different story.
And if you can't draw the line between business and personal, you got a problem.
As I said before, with Coach Shuler with me, it's business not personal.
With Larry King, it's both.
Right. And I was like, no.
Like that now, the 90s, everybody wore half of the money, like a medical reform.
Right.
HMO. We are very hard.
That's right.
There's no difference in anything.
And nobody cares about that.
All I care about is the BS.
Yeah, if you perform, we pay the ticket to see you.
So if you don't perform, come down with a, with a gracious memory.
Right. That's right.
Anyway, so I just, well, you said it.
I have no idea what you said, but it was the best you summed it up brilliantly.
Thank you.
Have a great one.
