Well, friend, then he is a duck.
Ow!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
When they tell me, call me melanoma.
I tend until I'm almost in a coma.
Hawaii, my amy, and they never ever use any sunscreen.
Sun with me, tan with me, hope we don't mind.
I'm a little broccoli.
If I am a sun-tow-weak, melanoma, we date like a bun.
You can smell the aroma.
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody more.
Hey, melanoma!
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off a go tanning,
I get naked and fake-baked.
How much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist.
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma.
We bake like a bun, you can smell the aroma.
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody more.
Hey, melanoma!
I'm alive!
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma.
We bake like a bun, you can smell the aroma.
We got lunch on our skin, bigger than a metronoma.
Hey, melanoma!
We don't care if we get melanoma.
We got the best tan from here to Arizona.
We're glad you don't have genital condoloma.
Hey, melanoma!
Hey, chin away to WIOD.
Happy Monday to you.
Fourth down and goal from the 29 yard line.
Re-whiteouts right one to the left side.
Here's the shotgun, a four-man rush for the dolphins.
And O'Donnell's gonna load it up and just lob it into the corner of the end zone.
K-Shop Johnson caught it.
It's a touchdown for the Jets.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
So here we are, boys and girls.
Yesterday, my first trip in two years back to perpetual pain stadium.
That's what the PPS stands for.
That's gonna be my new name for the stadium.
Forget about JRS.
Forget about pro player or stadium.
That's what the PPS stands for.
Perpetual pain.
Is it just because it was in September and it was 100 degrees in the shade?
The humidity was 200%.
That was one of the most uncomfortable days of my life, one of the most ponderous games.
And then I read about it in the paper this morning and it's like, oh my God, we kicked their ass!
Huh?
And I'm looking at Dave Hyde's column here in three and oh, the run continues.
A little play on words there because Lou Alcindor had another big day yesterday, number 33.
And I don't get it.
I'm wondering what game these people were watching.
In fact, Saturday, I watched a little bit of the Michigan Colorado game.
And that was one of the most ponderous boring games I've ever seen in my life.
I flipped over and I catch the end of the East Carolina West Virginia college game.
And now this year for the first time they got overtime nationwide in college football, okay?
The score is 10 to 3 Virginia.
East Carolina scores a touchdown with 22 seconds left.
It's 10 to 9.
So what do you do even at little child knows?
You kick the extra point, you tie it up and you hope for the best and overtime.
Not East Carolina, baby.
They go for the win.
And guess what?
No good.
They lose 10 to 9.
And I thought to myself, I'm watching this.
I'm missing something here, okay?
I realized they got to get this game over in time so that ABC can show the nationwide game is Michigan and Colorado.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Maybe they didn't want to have overtime because then they would have screwed up the TV schedule.
And then I go to the dolphin game yesterday.
And I mean, just I mean sweltering.
At first we walk in there and a place is palatial.
It's beautiful.
They've redone all kinds of stuff.
They got the big tent outside with all the food and they got the picnic tables up there on the by the top floor.
And it's great.
They got all kinds of new food.
Fantastic.
It looks sensational.
But in terms of being functional.
In terms of comfort, you can't complain about the comfort.
And I sit on a shady side and I'm burnt to a crisp today.
My forehead looks like a piece of red meat, raw meat, baby.
And I don't know from what because I never got any sun.
We sit on a shady side and my head today looks like a like a piece of raw liver.
So the people on the that's one of the reasons we never hear from the dolphin fans because the people on the sun side,
they just croak.
They just drag their asses out of there.
And Wayne turns them into something recyclable.
God almighty.
What an uncomfortable and talk about ponderous and boring.
And I'm sitting in there and I'm thinking, you know, after after seeing all the hockey games last year, especially being really super hockey intensive more than ever.
Before and then sitting there yesterday and I mean, it just dragged and dragged and at first half until they finally woke up after getting down 14, nothing to a girls team.
And they finally Jimmy finally woke their asses up.
And first and go on the one and the same old crap again, they can't get an inch.
I said, boy, this year looks familiar.
This is the same crap I saw for four years in a row.
Really ponderous, but hey, it must have been a great game because the papers are just full of it and worth three and we're kicking ass, man, it's dynamite.
And talking about people with balls, because I am going to address that I heard a lot of stuff been going around yesterday morning on the program director show is that what they call that show.
And then Friday afternoon, as I was driving home, getting some more career instruction from Phil Henry and hearing about the fact that I, you know, what was the word the scared?
You know, not lazy, just scared. I'm scared to go to New York or Chicago or LA or one of the top markets because you know, basically I'm a bomb and I'm just a local actor that would never make it there and I'm terrified and I'm scared.
Okay, however, fat rich and I were the only two people out of over 75,000 yesterday with a courage again to sit through the invocation and not to stand until he did the national anthem.
Why is it that you people are such sheep? Do you really believe that at a ballgame? It's the appropriate place for some get you to come out dressed up like a little red riding hood like she was yesterday and sand some stupid prayer.
And let's get ready to rumble, Lord and daddy's birthday. Let's the Lord is pulling for the dolphin. Yeah, right. Whatever you say, sweetheart.
People are dying. People are starving to death all over the world and this crazy God or hers. He's up there betting on the dolphins and guess what? They didn't cover the spread. Uh oh.
He's pissed off. I get probably another hurricane coming out. He's pissed off.
1013 at W I O D until we find a suitable replacement for sex. We're doing sports late nights on 610 W I O D Ron bar and sports byline USA.
10 p.m. tonight on news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
God. I'm fighting. What? What? You're a man. Wow. I want to give you a kiss. Jesus Christ for extra strength. Dex Eddren. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world since weighing on your shoulders. Then some f***ing gladiator sticks us up here on your side. Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for Dex Eddren. Well, I, I don't reach for it.
Hey, anybody got any Dex Eddren? Hey, Jonas, could you throw a couple into my mouth? Come on. I'm the savior for Christ's sake.
Extra strength, Dex Eddren because a headache is a heavy cross to bear. I want to give you a kiss. Okay, already 1017 at W I O D.
By the way, are we going to be able to save the world from Nike or not? I mean, I have never I must be naive. I must be just not very observant. Maybe that I'm not an observant juice.
I must not be an observant person, I guess because I noticed starting with the college games on Saturday. Now aren't these college players supposed to be like amateur athletes? They're not paid allegedly and they get into all kinds of trouble if they take like a limo ride or anything like that.
They're amateurs, right? But it seems to me that by wearing the Nike emblem on their uniforms that somehow they're like endorsing a commercial product. Aren't they? Yeah. Exactly.
And yet every college game that I watch, they got them on their sleeve. They got them under helmet. They got them under rectum. They got him everywhere. They got the night that Nike logo. And then yesterday. So I'm noticing now it seems to me correct me if I'm wrong.
But it seems to me the dolphins and the jets and either one of them had like anything on it. Was I wrong? I didn't maybe I just my eyesight isn't that good anymore because I looked for it.
Because I noticed that the cowboys had the Nike thing and most of the other teams some of them have the starter thing on there and then a couple of boring teams have got the W the Wilson thing I would she can't even read.
But 95% of them have got like Nike and then then they show a shot of one of the assistant coaches for Dallas or was it anyapolis one of the other yesterday up into booth. He's got the Nike logo on his pocket of his shirt.
Then they show one of the assistant coaches on the sidelines. He's wearing a nylon jacket. It's got the Nike thing on there.
I say what we ought to start doing today immediately if not sooner is taking all the Nike stuff and either burning it or giving it to goodwill.
Because you know the poor slippers that get their stuff in goodwill at least they'll never be on television. We hope they can't afford to go to a ballgame. They're not going to get on TV.
But take your Nike stuff and jam it up your. I'm serious. I mean the day is going to come because you know in football especially most of the time you see the players they're like bent over in a huddle.
You see their ass and trust me it's not a pretty sight but I'm the day is going to come that that Nike logo will be on each cheek and I'm not talking about their push.
I'm talking about their. That's right. There will be that little Nike deal right across each cheek.
Including the college players and I thought we were so fast. Stidious and I thought the NCAA was so damn righteous about that.
Oh no you can't be involved with commercial enterprise and these are amateur athletes. Right. Right. Tell me another one you phony lying bastards.
God save the world from Nike man. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Yeah I talked to bull. You'll see when he was here last month. Yeah. He is really into this religion.
I told you know from his book I told him he's really into religion. He's attacking it. I'm saying it's a big thing in his life. Yeah. I told him why not. I told him his childhood priest was wrong when he said yeah God knows the future but people still have free will and he said I was right.
And he also said I was right when I said most people just they're born into their religion. So he's you're going to hear a lot about him with this stuff.
I would love to know why all these sheep stand up for that invocation at the ball game. There's only two of us. Me and Fat Rich they got the balls to sit there out of 75,000 some odd people during your religious exercise.
You go to the track. They don't have a prayer which you need one there. You go to a hockey game. There's no prayer. You go to a baseball game. Any other soccer game. Any other sporting event in the world but somehow at a football game they've decided that football is so integrated with American culture that you that people will stand up for anything.
If they say all stand up and pinch your record they'll do it. Whatever they tell them they'll get up there and they'll do it. I heard the reason they do that because people aren't going to church on Sunday so they they want to have their religion at the game.
Also in other words if they get to the game at one o'clock they don't have time to how many how long does it take in church before you get saved how many hours you got to be there. I think people also afraid of getting something thrown at him like say you're sitting down. You're the only one sitting. Doesn't bother me. Well I got the balls to if I'm the only Frant rich stands up. I don't give a crap if I'm the only one of the state.
I'm not going to get the ball to the game. I will sit there until I get that thing over with and when they get the national anthem I'll stand up because it'll respect for the flag and whatever that's okay but the ball game is not a place for a prayer.
You're some get to get up there and start talking mumbo jumbo keep see the religious man they can't keep it to themselves. They cannot keep it to themselves.
If you want to believe in little green men with horns or whatever. Fine more power to you but don't drag me into it when I'm paying 35 or 40 bucks a game. Don't force me to go through some stupid religious exercise.
I want to see it just like went Dolph and Denny started the wave in the fourth quarter yesterday and all these morons in the lower ball and they're waving it and then all of a sudden they come up to the they break the
heartily come up to the line of scrimmage. They're getting ready to snap the ball into people right in front of me. They're waving I'm thinking wow I want to see the game you idiot. I didn't come to see your arms up in the air.
They did the game is going on. They're doing the wave. They did a mock arena. Did they thank you. You shouldn't have said it. That'll be next time.
Okay one more thing about the hockey. Don't you think it's good that like with America winning this thing gets more American interest. I think it's great for the end. It was good. They even said that on CBC. It was good for the game. It was it was a great game. It was a tremendous game. Very violent. I mean these guys are really
creamy. That's right. It was a sensational game in Lindross and Kachak and and foot man. I tell you there were some shots going on air. It was sensational. There was no
pussies in that game. I'll tell you I was I think it was a chuck up when he flashed him with the stick to with two handed shot. Yeah. Kachak that's when he got tossed out of the game.
He was getting pretty brutal. Yeah. I wasn't really. How do you like the shot Lindross gave Kachak on the back of the neck? Oh yeah. We should have got kicked out for
the CBC one thing about Lindross and this is why respect them. The great players of hockey over the years. Most of them have been dirty players. Maurice Rashard.
Gordy how most of the great players are dirty players and at Lindross. He you know he takes a lot of crap and he gives it right back in it doesn't
phase him one way or the other. He's a hell of a player. Okay. I think so. Okay. I have a great time. That was some game boy. Like I said before I saw two great sporting events this
weekend. Unfortunately the dolphin game yesterday doesn't even come close and almost cured me a football for life. That's how comatose that was yesterday except for a
Lew Alcinder. That's what I'm going to call him. I mean if he can call himself Kareem I'll call him Lou. Hey Lou. How you Lou? And then that Louise Oliver. She had a great
interception to a big run back. But other than that 10 23 at W I O D. W use talk entertainment radio. 16 W I O D. So I want to
apologize to two groups of people yesterday even though I have nothing to do with the perpetual pain stadium. The people number one who sit on the sunny side of the
street on the other side of the stadium for me. How I don't know how you do it. How do you get through there without like coming home in a in a bottle. I mean it's just burnt to a crisp and I'm
sitting on a shady side. Those people must have melanomas the size of watermelons. And then we leave after the dolphin score the touch down to go
ahead 33 to 14. You know if you figure with 10 and a half minutes left especially as bad as the jets are they had no running game. They looked really pathetic. The game is over. It's a good time to beat the crowd. Right. I have no apologies for leaving with 10 minutes left with your head by 19 points. So now we leave. Okay. They have the big announcement on there. Hey if you leave it on the turn pipe go a northbound for an hour up to an hour after the game. The turn pipe tolls have been waved just zip on through there. Okay. Guess what? When you leave out of there when you make the left turn and you go to make make another left turn.
The first block there to get out of the northbound turn pipe. It's blocked off completely blocked off. So fat rich makes a U turn and I says to the cup. How do you get to the turn?
Fight. He says, Oh yeah. Go up to 27th Avenue University drive. You got to go up that way up by the track. So we go up and as we start going up. This very very militant black metro cop is a stop and traffic
including us were first in line because people are crossing the street. So rich starts hitting the break and slowing down. And now the cup gets very
agitated because he didn't slam on a break. We're nowhere near the intersection. And he comes over like, you know, like you better stop white boy. I mean, what was his story?
And then finally when the pedestrians have stopped the crossing, then he motions us to go on, but he's standing in front of the car. Now,
we get up to the next corner, which is the light 27th Avenue University drive. Guess what? They got that blocked off.
And I ruled on the window. I said to the cup, how are we going to get to the turn? Fight. Oh, you got to go up to 57th Avenue Red Road. This is 27th. You got to go another 30 blocks. Do you know how far it is from the stadium to red road?
They send you on a merry ride to the Hershey. And this is 10 minutes before the game is over.
So my how you people who stayed there right to the end, how you got out of there? Maybe maybe they never did get home. Maybe they're like the guy on the MTA, you know,
will he ever return? He's still riding on there for the rest of his life. Maybe they never did get home. Maybe they're still out there trying to get out of the traffic jam.
You go all the way to Red Road 57th Avenue. You get on the turn bike. And of course, now you have to pay the toll. So the turn bike toll is free. Go in North, except guess what? You can't get on it.
Thanks Wayne. Fantastic, baby. Thank you so much.
Here's the Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm one of those guys that sits in the sun. Yeah, stadium. Yeah.
You have you have I'm not sure how many melanomas have you got?
That's not to be honest with you yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday wasn't so bad. The Patriot game was worse. At least yesterday we had some cloud cover over.
Yeah, there was some clouds. That's why I don't understand how I have like my whole forehead is red as a beat and I wasn't on the Sunside.
Why sitting the upper deck of the end zone in the upper deck in 428. Yeah, beautiful.
I actually it's kind of fun. I've been I've had season tickets up there for last year and this year. Yeah.
And there's a guy that sits about. I said about two sections over that fat like Cuban looking guy. Right. A fat Cuban. Yeah.
And he when they play music during timeouts and all that he gets up any dance and he takes off his shirt and he's about 240. Oh, gross.
Well, that's nothing. So you know, you know, we always watch them and you know, the people around them applaud them and stuff like that. You know, he's just having a good time.
So yesterday like on on the corner of the end zone, there was another fat guy out there and he was dancing. So like they're having like a dance contest.
Are you a dance off exactly. So you know, that other guy starts putting his foot on the railing and he's about 260 himself without no shirt as tight shorts on and he starts.
Yeah, he puts his foot on the railing starts trusting his hips and then starts coming down and some girl comes on starts dancing with him and they're like bumping and grinding right there on the steps of the stadium and all that.
And then he like turns around and points at the guy and then shoots a moon or Adam right there for everybody. Beautiful.
I want to give you a kiss. Yeah, he showed a big fat ass for everybody. Nice. I sure hope he had a Nike logo on each a cheek. Right.
That Nike logo, the dolphins don't have Nike who they have is a Wilson. Oh, that's why you can't see it. They got that W on there. You can't even see the Wilson thing.
They're going to have to do something with that. They're not getting their money's worth. It's a gold. W. Yeah, can't see it on the side of the pan.
But yeah, in college football everybody has the Nike. Isn't that great? All those amateur athletes are out there promoting Nike, but of course their amateurs and they're not involved with the commercial enterprise.
Well, it's not so much them. It's the school. That's what brings in the money. Right. Exactly. So money right now, but yeah, I see every other college teams have it now.
They had the Nike emblem on the. I'm going to start. I'm going to get me an oozzy. I'm going to start going around anybody. I see with the Nike cap. A shirt any any Nike logo. I'm just going to blow their ass away.
I don't have to worry. I want re-bought. No, I'm right. Now you're talking. Okay, pal. Can somebody do? Yeah.
Got to do. Okay, we have all the deadlines open. We're off to a rousing start this morning on the day after a big dolphin win. And then of course,
just when I'm ready to be disgusted and fed up with football after the just an insufferable four hours of schwitzing and the
dyno over there and bored him and all these injuries and every every time out turns into like a five minute time out, it was so slow and
pond risk. And I think God, I never realized how boring football wasn't I went home and watched the last quarter of the Dallas.
Then you go home and you watch two really talented teams and man, that was right down to the last field goal and hits the crossbar from 56 yards away by
the venue. It hits the right in the middle, but hits the front of the crossbar and bounces away. What what a difference, huh?
But hey, I'm not going to wapy on your parade. Dave Hyde says it was great and who am I to argue with him? 751 W I O D in
Dade. We got three open lines there. We got two and brownered five two four nine four six three. Nobody, I guess, watched the hockey game on
Saturday night with a great World Cup game. Incredible. Tremendous. I mean, it was just and I would have played that one goal that I got on
a cassette, but evidently our cassette deck must be for the USA because it just it just played okay at home. I played
fighting the car, but the equipment here or maybe just there taking equipment apart. That could be it 1034 W I O D over.
The opinions expressed by the host, Gaster Collars on W I O D, but necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All W I O D
programs are copyright 1996 by W I O D incorporated. No tape recording or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent.
I'm W I O D Incorporated. I want to give you a kiss. Okay, 1037 W I D so then half time. Defoe is going down whatever he's talking about.
And they're having an unusual half time contest and then marching band U of M. And then he says ladies and gentlemen, here is a here's the voice that you're so familiar with.
You've come to know and love and Bapapad for years was the sideline voice that often Henry Barrow.
And I'm listening to see if there's like any recognition is there any is Henry's relatives applauding it nothing.
And then Henry comes on and says I have just tasted your snapper. No, seriously he comes on.
You totally unintelligible Henry, I know your list and right now you're a great guy. We miss you, etc. and so on, but we couldn't understand a word.
You were saying maybe that was the intention. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning,
yes, sir, great. Yes, I did enjoy that game to know in the hockey game to know in, but I got a question for
what does sense say and I'm telling you Mike Richter, man, his performance was indescribable. He's unreal. Unbelievable.
He lets the slimy ones go in sometimes, but you don't understand, but I mean he did.
Did not tell you that I told you even when he plays it his best, he lets in a greasy goal and the same thing with that goal at
the time early, but Canada had there that one by a. No, no, not that wasn't a greasy goal.
The one that made it two to one to one by Adam foot from the blue line that just was a looper over his shoulder,
which I don't think he ever saw went over his shoulder, rather than that never saw coming. No, but what a game he played, though.
Did you did you want from the beginning when they were doing the anthem? Of course, did you what was this grizzly
Adams guy saying when when they when they came home with Canada's anthem, yeah, started off with Oh,
Canada was doing French. It was in Montreal. What do you expect? Parley, who a frog man?
That guy was you couldn't even understand where one word started. He was singing and for a frog the first two
thirds of the thing if they weren't Toronto, they wouldn't have done that. They don't sing no frog in Toronto,
way. That's why these morons out there that were calling Rick and said they don't know what Canadians
are all about. They don't have the difference between a frog and a conduct. They know nothing about it
because they're the same parochial little people that have never been more than three blocks from
their house. But no, I really enjoyed. I want the way Cherry was explaining how Lemieux on the
fine on that one gold at least got their saying at the beginning or right. First of all, wait a minute
before that just before that happened, Claude Lemieux got a two on one break for Canada. Okay,
they're ahead two to one. They could have put the game away and he fans on the shot and he rolls it
right to Richter who covers it up. Then on the ensuing on the very next play, the puck goes in
his hand and he rolls it around on the boards right to Brian Lee. Where's the post to be?
Right. That's where he was. And I saw it coming man. You could smell it. He headed to right to
Leech and they had just been saying the last guy you want to be handling the puck at this stage
of the game is Brian Lee. Sure enough, it takes a wicked shot and he'll get the stick and tips it
in there and there we go. And US scores four goals and three and a half minutes. That was incredible.
Unbelievable. That was totally incredible. Well, good luck with Ben. It's like, you know, it's the
all-star game with defense like they said. It really is. No, no, it's the all-star game with hitting.
Forget about defense with hitting. There's no hitting in the all-star game. Nobody's going to
get it in the all-star game, which is my all-star game is always suck. Right. Right. But man, these guys
were putting it out. There was blood on the line in that game. It was dynamite. It was great.
Yeah. You take care. Okay. Back at you. And a panther started last night. They lost three,
two and over time to wash in. Those exhibition games mean nothing. They give a chance to see all
the kids play and then I guess the beasures are going to play something like their second game.
But it's not far off now, baby. You can smell it. It's in the air. They had like 10 or 12,000 people at the
panther, whatever they call that, the hockey fest on Saturday, which nobody bothered to remind us
about. So we couldn't we could have probably had another 5,000 people out there. But nobody reminded
us and I didn't even know about it till I read it in the paper Saturday morning. I said, hey,
that's great. But who knows? Here's a poppin'o. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I flew up to
upstate New York Friday, Saturday afternoon, drove up the Montreal and I went to the game. Did you?
Um, um, frogs are the most unintelligible, unknowledgeable,
liney just because they invented the game of hockey. They think they it's their God given
right to win a hockey game. They are the biggest assholes that ever walked the planet. Yeah. And I
had a blast. Great. Great game. It was a great game excitement. There was this, I've been to a
lot of things and the excitement at that case. Well, I'm going to tell you one thing that really
pissed me off speaking to the frogs in Montreal. And at the beginning of the game when they sang
the US National Anthem first, they were a boon. I'm going to tell you one thing. I'm going to tell
you one thing. If that game would have been in Toronto, you might have heard one or two assholes
boon or you wouldn't have even heard them. But in Montreal, see, that's the difference between
real Canadians and those frogs, which is why if they were smart, they would let them succeed and
get them out of the country. It's like in half of them were sitting down where I was sitting there,
sitting down. Wouldn't even stand up for it. Yeah. Oh, boy. Shuller frogs, baby.
But ballistic when we are, you should have seen me. It was great. Just awesome. Frogs are assholes.
Amen. Okay. But how does he really feel? Okay. We have an open line in day at 7.5.1. So this
afternoon or two, Phil is going to give me some more career advice on here, which I'm taking notes
on us every day because God, if anybody needs it, because I'm scared, man, I'm terrified. Make no
mistake. I finally sat all weekend long. I kept thinking about Phil's comments at about 2.15 on
Friday. I'm just terrified. I'm petrified. I wish I had the guts that he's got to get up and
make the big career move. Here's a pompano on the purple line. Hello. And now, yes, sir.
The end of the hockey and the other night. Yeah. The great one was right on the doorstep.
But he couldn't put it home. Yep. You see that one? Yes, I did right before, right before they got
the empty net goal. Yeah. And then it came back the other way. While the excuses that the great one
had a pulled groin, he's been pulling it or something and he had some other problem. He was like
under the weather in the second game in that game on a Saturday. The great one's stuck the joint
out. He was pretty weak. Right. No, everything I want to talk about is the parking situation.
A joke or player. I guess I'm the only one that had the problem, man. I would have thought these
phones would be gin with people pissed off about the way they won't let you get out of that joint.
No, I used to work there with the parking lot when the Marlins set used to have crowds, you know?
Yeah. And they don't let you come out and make that left. Yeah.
They go to Ives, Darry. But boy, let me ask you this, then how in hell are you supposed to get
to the turnpike from that internal road? That's the whole deal. It's easy to get in there. You come
right in there. They've even got a separate entrance now. If you got the purple pass or whichever
they always pass. But how the hell are you supposed to get out of there? Well, what they do, they funnel
everybody in the parking lot. You have to stay in the lot and you have to go stay all the way to the
east end in the lot. You can't leave the lot. You have to follow. It would take you from where we
park over there by gate F. Right. And I think I know what that stands for now. From there, it would
have taken us an hour just to get over any other side as it is. It took 10 minutes to get out of there
because they had some pork bridge in there directing traffic with an attitude. So I yelled at the guy,
what's going on? And he told me that the reason why they funnel all the people on one lane is because
that's Wayne's Lane. Wayne's Lane. My yeah, Wayne's Lane. That's what he told me. They can stick it up.
Wayne's. Rectome. One more thing. I seriously, I have never seen anything in my life like the scene.
And keep in mind, this is with 10 minutes left. There may be a couple thousand of us leaving the
stadium at that point, feeling the game is wrapped up, everything's under control. And you can't get
out of the joint. And I've been coming here for years, okay? For like five or six years, never,
and every year it gets worse every year, they make it more impossible to get out of there.
Did you come in on the turn, Mike? Sure. Piece of cake. Did you notice like all the signs and
everything they put up purple? Right. It's great. Yeah. And then you figure, you know, no problem getting
out. And then you try to leave and it just ain't going to happen. Oh, yeah, you can't get out
the same way. In fact, when we came in, they had one of the parking kids doing the Mac Arena. And
he's like pointing in all six directions at the same time, which is a little disconcerting. But
it's a piece of cake getting in. You just can't get out. And closing your buddy, Rema was on QAM
Saturday. Yeah. They're had him on the hockey. Yeah. Didn't he tell you that he wasn't going to do
anything for them anymore? What do I care what he does? He's supposed to stop by here today with my
hockey tickets. So don't piss him off until at least I get my tickets. All right. Okay, pal.
Glad hockey. That's a great day. It's everybody's not going to do this, not going to that. We all have
to survive. We all do whatever we have to do, just like, you know, Phil's going to go to LA and
hit the big time and we're just going to like fumble our way along here, even though some of us
don't have any guts. So anyway, PPS baby, perpetual pain stadium, get that Nike logo, get you about a
20 or 30 pack and you're all set to go. But it's just me. It's just grumbling old Neil again.
Everybody else was very comfortable at a great time. No problems with a parking. It's just Neil. He's
just on their belly. It can again. And I know you're full of crap because I know that when you're,
I can't even begin to imagine. I can't imagine what it must have been like leaving at the end of
that game yesterday. When there were probably like 40,000 people still try to get out. But hey,
if that's what you enjoy, if that's like the way you like spending your Sunday. And then of course,
if that's the case, then you did miss the end of the cults Dallas game, which was the game of the
day. That was a real football game. Those were real men. And isn't it ashamed that Jerry Jones was
down there on a field at the sideline right at the end of the game when they blew it when they lost
the game. What a bad break. That was. Are you asshole? 1046 at W I O D I
When we say dolphins on radio, we mean simmer and mad dog. He's in for a touch.
Turn down the TV. Then crank up the dolphins on the only radio station you remember when the dolphins
play news talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D. Well, all right sports fans. I want to give you a kiss.
Okay, 1050 at W I O D. Kiss this, Mandage. We have an open line on the purple line,
pound I O D. I'm sitting here fried like a lobster. And I still can't figure out why.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. You know nothing about football. Okay. And you know nothing about
phone calls asshole, because it's the same old tire deal every single day every day. I know
nothing about football. I know an exciting game when I see one. Okay. And what I saw here yesterday,
I you could have taken a napter in most of that game pathetic. Yeah, Zach Thomas. I told
he was a genius. That kid's great. He's a player and Lew Alcindor. He played great. And Danny
Boyz stuck in the first half, but his usual made a nice comeback. And who else? And Luis Oliver,
she played damn well. Terrell Buckley started out looking pretty good. Then got burned real bad,
the same with Gene Atkins. And that's it. I know who was on top of it and who was on the bottom of it.
And I know that Nilo Donald stinks the joint out. And yet we still got burned badly over and over again.
But anyway, what do I know? Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
More than Neil. Yes, sir. Coming back from New York yesterday. And there was a bunch of old
geriatric yinters coming from New York, went to the Rutgers game. Yeah. Where in UM Clothes, UM
Tennis shoes, a bunch of fat pigs. And I just want to call them all a bunch of douchebags. Yeah.
Open line in day 751. One in the green, a purple line, whatever color that is at 1-800
craft at pound IOD Mobile One Cell E TNT wireless pound IOD. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. As long as the game Saturday, great game was rooting for the USA
and your right Richter played a whale of a game. Oh my god. He was unbelievable. It's like he had
a like he had to some kind of a invisible shield on a goal. And you know, it's kind of I have to
sheepishly admit that thanks to a couple of conucks, the USA did win. Yeah. A couple of ringers,
Brett Hall, Adam, dead marsh. Yeah. Guys who were playing a heck of a game. Uh-huh. But you know,
it's like the New York Times said it was a physical game. I mean, they just know what's getting.
Yeah. Did you see what the conchuck did to a was Adam foot? Yeah. Club them. I mean, I got his ass
kicked out of the game. Yeah. I saw that. I mean, the referees had to stop the game. It was getting
out of hand. I mean, they were I mean, Lindros was clubbing people. Everybody was honest with
the Lindrosh. Should have got kicked out of the game. He should have got a five minute and
the game is conduct after he did the number on the back of the conchucks neck. You see how they
hit the ice pack? Could you almost he almost knocked his head off? He sure did. Oh, and yesterday,
I'm on that hockey fest. They had up in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. The other station. I thought that
was Saturday. Oh, yeah, Saturday. I'm sorry. That's not the other station. We're not
pussy's over here. We give call letters. Q. A. M. They were there. I heard about two minutes of that in
the car. Right. Did you hear what Jeff Rimmer said about the Rangers? No. Jeff, you know, they asked
them, you know, whether you hockey geniuses over there, asked them, you know, what the what the
Rangers chances were. They said, well, they either go all the way or they don't make the playoffs.
I'm like, what? That's that's covering your ass. That's, you know, I mean, what kind of insight
is that? He did. They're going to go they're not going to score a goal goal goal all season. They're
going to win a Stanley Cup. That's covering all the full spectrum there. Yeah. They're going to
need Richter. Believe me. Richter, well, Richter's not going to play life at all season long. He just
was hotter in the pistol and he was invincible. He was unbelievable. It was a heck of a game, though.
And you're right. That Dallas Indianapolis game. Oh, now that was a football game, and I don't know
what's with these. These people. It's a same old stuff. I don't know why I ever expected to change.
We won a win as a win. We'll take it. We're three. You know, and all that stuff. But if anybody
really believes that the dolphins played a good game yesterday, I mean, it was a struggle against a
horrendous team that jets are a joke. They had even my grandma could run better than they have no
running attack. And yet the receivers are open and open constantly just burning our secondary.
I just don't get it. And you know, in one, when we were beginning of the game, we sacked
O'Donnell. I thought, Hey, we got a pass rush this year. And in a couple of times later, we almost
got to and we hurried to throw. You know, we broke up to play. But generally speaking, man, he had
too much time again. No pass rush. Same old stuff. First in goal on, yeah, Keisha on Johnson. One,
this is a guy's a hell of a player. And he just he caught that pass. He didn't have to jump.
He just reached his barn. Now he caught it. Yeah. And there's P buck trying to jump up and swatted away.
But he's Tarell Buckley comes up to his public. This guy's six foot six. And here's poor Tarell Buckley
trying to cover me. It comes up to his waist. Oh, man, I tell you. And you're right. But I guess,
I'm wrong. I guess it must have been a sensational game. I'm reading a paper here just 55 pages with
Dave Hyde's big column here. And we ran it down their throats. And we did against the girls team.
Yeah, I was a jetter. And then you go home and you watch the Colts and the Cowboys. Man,
that was football. That was sitilating. That kept you on the edge of your seat.
It was a heck of a game. But anything to see Jerry Jones annoyed. Oh, you know, when I,
I'm telling you, I see the Cowboys lose. I get sexual excitement. That's how much.
Seriously, that's how much I hate that whole organization from Aikman to Michael Irvin to Emmett
Smith and Jerry Jones and Barry Swisher. I hate every single one of them like poison.
To me, to me, what they basically represent is everything bad about you of them, the Heracones.
That's what they represent. And they both wear the Nike logo. All right. All right. Have a great day.
You two. Yeah. Save the world from Nike, baby. Oh, it's everywhere. That little thing. Save
the world from that little thing. God. And I guess I'm the only one that just finds it very difficult
to, you know, to, on the one hand, of course, you know, hypocrisy is something that we're you. We love.
We admire it. The thing about oh, yeah, it's amateur athletics, college football. There's no big
money in that right. That's why there was the big thing in the newspaper about how the Heracones
not only was on against Rutgers and at girls game on ESPN, but they got all these other games that
they're going to get on against their pathetic opponents. This year, they're playing FSU and a
bunch of girls teams and that's it. So what's the big deal with all these college football games?
Except of course, it's another vehicle to gamble on. If you take the gambling away from football,
there is no more football. Worth the game yesterday and fat rich keeps reaching in his pocket. He's
got a couple of sheets of paper in there and I'm wondering what is he looking at? So I kind of
peek over his gigantic shoulder and I see Arizona against Nguyenlin. I see he's got the list of all,
you know, his, all his picks. Then he reached into his nostrils. Oh, no more picks, please.
Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was at that hockey fest on Saturday. Yeah,
how was it? It's excellent. It's excellent. The only thing is I went to go get an autograph from
Wayne. I don't know why I did this, but from what a smart move that was. You didn't do it. You
want to pitchers, take him with people, but you refuse to do autograph. Yeah. And you're wrong.
I hate to say it, but I'm an the one that's in trouble here at TCA. I have North Broward does not
have sports channel. Well, no, I'm not wrong. I was waiting a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on.
The remand came back from his adventures in PEI over the weekend and he called me to tell me that
everybody else is going to have sports channel except TCI. And they're having a
bit of a time with TCI because they have that incestuous relationship. They own sunshine or
they're part owner of sunshine. And as a result, they're giving them a hard time. Right. So they
had a guy there with the booth taking everybody's name and stuff. If you want to protest and stuff,
it's going to do it. But I guess I got to go to a bar and have a see the games. And you talk about
tying everything up at the game yesterday. Were you at the doll? Yeah, I'm a season ticket holder.
Okay. So did you notice on the big board up there that sports channel must have 7,000
ad. They got the Jimmy Johnson show. They got the Danny Marino show. They got every show that's
ever been there all going to be on sports channel. And we don't know which by the way,
speaking of sports channel tomorrow night, they got an hour special at eight o'clock on the
Panthers, the pregame preview of the season. Huh? Not going to do me. And you go to a bar and see it.
That's what I'm going to have to do. Go over there to Rosy Paymonce and get plowed.
I'm the one who told you that I pay $56 for that for the cable for TCI. And I don't get any
half of the stuff that most people get. So that's what I am. But you can't get a small dish.
That's what they're forcing us to do. And I'm going to have to go to that prime star or something
that went from Radio Shack where you pay. Why do you want prime star? Because I'm in an apartment.
Oh, you can have it permanently drilled through the wall of the porch for this thing to go through
your wall for the wiring and stuff. So I guess prime star, be the only way to do anything is better
than cable man. That's what I say. Just like yesterday I go home and there's I don't have to
worry about his channel of six carrying this. You got the football package the NFL Sunday package.
Here you turn on the dish and there's every game right next to each other including that
the Indianapolis Cowboys. Is that part of prime star or no?
Prime star is a scam put on by the cable companies. Okay. When you use prime star,
that's a three and a half foot dish. It's a whole separate deal. But at least prime star,
I guess gives you I don't know. I assume they give you the football and all the other stuff.
Three and a half foot dish. Right. Oh, you can't put that in the apartment complex then.
I don't know how I have no idea how that works. I thought you just got I thought you just got
through telling me that you can. I thought it was an 18 inch dish. No, that's the that's the
DSS. That's the other dish. Prime star is operated by the cable people. Well, I killed that too.
Yeah. And I'm so like so why can't you get the 18 inch dish?
I guess if I got I have to get approval from the apartment complex. Yeah, screw the apartment complex.
Get with it. Stop being such a pussy. Well, I'm also hurting like you on my side.
Like burned is can be so it's hurting right now. I don't understand. I'm Tonya. You know, you know,
it's a stadium. There are basically two sides. There's the sunny side and there's the shade side.
And one of the great things about my seats not only being right on a 50, but it's the shade side.
Well, I'm in 107. So it's good at the four o'clock game because at five o'clock it goes behind the
west. But I mean, I've been going to games there for like five, six years now except for last
season. And I've never had this and I come home yesterday and I'm like burned to a crisp.
My head is like a bright like a crimson red. I went home and I cracked. I watched at the Dallas
game but then I crashed right after that one. Yeah. So I'm like kind of fried from the sun.
Okay. Well, I got this good melanoma doctor here. We can do a package deal. Thanks, Neil. Okay, pal.
Bye. Have a great day to open lines in day 751 W. I. D. We have one in Broward five two four
after the dolphin after the spectacular victory yesterday after the World Cup on Saturday.
As usual, this crowd is out of control.
We may hear it. But we won't raise your taxes. W I O D. My only 14th
or day. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D. This station stands for nothing.
Heaven. You stink. I heaven. You smell just like a word. I won't repeat.
And the sidewalk melts when you walk down the street. Cause you've got funky smelly stinky
feet. The flowers will kill the flowers. When you walk through a garden filled with
pee. I want to give you a fist and that you burn a hole right through the sheen.
Cause you've got funky smelly stinky feet. Can't you see the watery eyes around you?
The flies around you. Everything dies around you. All heaven. You stink. I heaven.
You smell just like a word. I won't repeat. And the sidewalk melts when you walk down the street.
Cause you've got funky smelly stinky feet.
Amen. Love it. O six. A W I O D. Happy Monday. Okay. The dolphins are three.
And we really kicked ass yesterday. Didn't we?
I guess so. I guess that must have been sidelating. Man, to me, it was one of the most
ponderous events of my entire life. It was just like sitting in a sweat box and enduring.
And then they're like every other play that was another injury. And there's somebody
writhing in pain on the field. And of course that immediately means that there's going to be like
another delay for two minutes, three minutes, four minutes, five minutes. And you're sitting
there, spits in your brains out thinking, Oh, please, please get up to the line of scrimmage.
Snap the ball. Do something. Let's get that clock moving here already. Okay.
And if there's anybody and I don't care what you say, I mean, yes, the cult Dallas game,
that was a like a once in a lifetime. There not too many games in quite like that. Once in a
two-month. But if anybody's going to compare the excitement in a football game with hockey,
man, you are in a dream world. There's no comparison. And then the crowd there.
You know, I've been wondering this. I mean, we had to see a lot of new faces. There was the
schoolteacher. She don't sit by us, but she came by to say, Oh, you're not still on that terrible
diet. Are you? Yeah, Nancy. We're still sometimes on that diet, except when we're eating ice cream,
some of us. But she was there in a few of the people that said right in front of us,
who we recognize and know and are okay. They're decent people. But other than that,
a lot of different faces there, but still ugly. And still just, I don't know, you look around
in that stadium and you wonder, who are these people? And they ran a couple of spots. You know,
on the on the big board, they had a couple of IOD spots. And they've what they've done. And by the
way, Renee, you were on here again yesterday. You and your former girlfriend that you're back
doing again or whatever is going on this week. But they like pieced together. They edited some of
the old footage from that TV spot, which I guess they're going to milk until it's like dry as a bone.
And they had one spot that was kind of generic. And I was standing there like mumbling and the
words and the ellipse were moving, but the it wasn't kind of too synchronized. And then there was
another one for Neil Rogers from 10 to 2, which was really great, except what's it all about?
That was on air. And there was obviously no recognition of that. So I had, and that's probably one
of the reasons I shouldn't waste my time talking about the dolphin games. I don't think those people
even listen to this radio station like except for the game. I think basically that's it.
Seriously, I don't think there's like any great benefit there because I don't think that's our
crowd. The hockey game, different story. Go to a hockey game. There's all our people. They're like
eight billion of them like all IOD people. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, good morning. Freaklet, listen, occasional caller. Yes.
And the TCI call that you had just before the news break. I have another TCI story.
I am a subscriber and have been for many years. I pay my $40 a month like everyone else, but
in the past TCI has given you an extra month's service you pay to years subscription. You've got one
month for free. That's something else that they've done away with. Yeah, well, we all know TCI
sucks. We know that boy, I can't believe it. And we have no recourse. They get $500 a year and you get
nothing 500 a year for what? Well, if you figure it out, $40 a month, are you in a department?
No, I'm in a home and I guess I should get a home. Come on, pal. Get with the program. Don't be
a prisoner of TCI. Well, it's not that what are you waiting for? It's not as easy to get with
the program. You know, you don't want to make the move. You're a little
wait. Let me tell you something. I saw ads in the paper this weekend, the small dish for 298 bucks.
They give you coupons for $200 worth of free programming. I mean, they're practically giving it
to you now. How can you say no? How can you sit there? No, wait a minute. But seriously, how can you be
calling me and belly? And when you know you're getting screwed and you're giving them, you're giving
them 500 bucks a year for whatever they want to whatever crap they want to put on your cable. And
that's it. You're right. You can't be a prisoner forever. Why don't you free yourself, man?
Okay, don't beat me up for it. I'm trying to be a good guy. But what do you mean a good guy?
To be a schmuck is what you're trying to be. Not a good guy or you're being a schmuck. Go out there
and tell him screw off. Tell him goodbye TCI. Okay. Okay, do it. Get out of here. Oh my god, you
got to jumpstart these bastards. You got to give them a little kick in the pantaloonies and say,
hey, be a man for once in your life. We have all the deadlines. White open air. Boy, this is a
kick in the teeth to me. I don't I think I'm not going anymore dolphin games. I'm not going to
talk about it. I tried. I mean, I'm glad we won. I was rooting for us. Have you duty? I didn't really
enjoy the game all that much because I thought it was very, very pondless and very suspect against
the girls team. Again, I mean, any any team that's coached by rich co-tight that gives you run for
your money. And I'm so sick and tired of hearing all the jets always give us a hot tough time. That's
bull crap. Maybe up in the metal ends, they usually give us a pretty good run for the money. But when
you're playing a team that's that short on town that's that bad. They got Keeshawn Johnson and
that's it. And Nilo Donald Man, you talk about suspect. You talk about a guy that's just a
ringer. Give me a break. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Phil. We're sorry. That's Guy N. Philson right next to me.
Rick. Sons. Sons. Hey, what's going on? Yeah. Hey, I got a question for you. I'm watching about it.
Don't take this wrong way. Don't hang up on me. But that, you know, I'm starting to believe that
people that are gay. Like yourself, you're gay because you are, right? Yeah. Now I look, I'm watching
a real world on MTV and you know, they always have like somebody gay living in the house.
And this guy, it seems like the guys that are really feminine about it have like an intention problem.
They have a what? Like they just need attention. So in other words, you think they're acting
a feminine and up intentionally. Is that it? Right. Because you're, you know, you're normal. I mean,
you're you're just like like anybody else. I hate to break the news to you, pal. But I know some
feminine people who are as straight as you are. And they're just like that. They're just like that.
It's not like you wake up one day and say, Oh, I think I'm going to act like this. I'm going to talk
like this. I used to think that too. I used to because I'm always, I've always, all my life as a
gay person, been embarrassed by the stereotype, by the real missing queens. But nobody makes an
effort to be like that. They're not even aware of the fact that they are like that. They just are.
That's just them. When I was at Michigan State, there was a kid in our dormitory who was the,
he was the most feminine looking and acting person I've ever seen in my life. This guy was getting
more chicks than all the other guys. It was unbelievable. He was getting laid more than, uh,
than Kathy Willitz. Well, I've heard a guy's just acting feminine because they can't get to women
that way. And a lot of guys don't know that. Huh? They'll act queer for quim. Yeah. Queer for quim.
That's a new move in his matter. Facts. Queer for quim. Okay. I just had that. Where's that queer
for trim? You don't want to put you up now. Have a great day. Okay. Don't worry about those losing
sleepover. Hey, listen, Troy Ekman. He acts pretty macho to me. In fact, he's got the night. You see,
he had the Nike emblem on his back. I saw it. That's what man would said. He saw it. Open line
and date 7519 463 751 gay. Oh, man, am I gay? I'm Philly and gay. But you're just you're not like a real
feminine. Well, I'll put on a skirt. Let's see if I can do it. Okay. I'll talk like this all day.
But hey, I'm going to butchup. I'm going to go out there. I'm going to lose my inhibitions. My
fear of the major markets. I'm going to go out there and get syndicated. I'm going to listen to
what Phil Henry says, not. And I'm going to like, uh, because I know I'm all my life. I've been waiting
for some professional advice and guidance of somebody who's really made it big. Somebody who's
really gone to the top. Somebody who's really got my best interest at heart. And by the way,
if you really want to know the inside story about what's going on here, why Phil is going to LA,
why we got these changes coming. I'll call up Steve Nichols some Sunday morning. He'll make some
good stuff up for you. It's 1114 at WYOD. You know, we only have nine more morning shows left.
Whoa. My head is spinning. And now that we only have nine, we're starting to get mail as to what
people would like to see on the morning. All right. There's one now. Huh. Well, there they are. We don't
like to see eight more morning shows. Rick insides six to 10 a.m. Two to six.
B.M. 10 a.m. Until 2 p.m. 8 p.m. Till midnight on news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D. I want to give you a kiss. 1117 at W. I. D. George says that he's shocked that I haven't
done a urology so far for six packs. Shakur shaker. And, uh, what is there to say? So, but if it'll
make you feel better, you know, I mean, like it's a big surprise that a guy who was like heavily
in the gangs and all the crap and the rap that he was that he should get off. But hey,
when I was little, I was a skinny little punk. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The gangs used to push me around.
Even the hoes beat the crap out of me. But then I started drinking milk and I kept on drinking.
And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And now I'm a six foot five inch,
285 pound angry mother fuck. And I'm going to put some serious hurt on everybody who ever
dissed me. You fuck with me. You go home in a body bag. Because I'm a natural born milk
freaking killer. Milk, it does a body. I find it hard to believe that six pack is no longer
with us, but we'll have to make do. Okay. It's, uh, and you know, you've got to be into some really
bad crap when you get to the often Vegas too. 1118 at W I O D. The purple line is waiting on you.
Pick it up and to give it a shot pounded pound I O D from mobile one cell 18 T wireless and
everybody else that's got a portable one and a phone too. Here's the crawl springs. Hello. Yeah,
I know you're not supposed to call twice in a day, but it is a hockey call. Uh, what you called me or
Rick. No, you open line and Broward five, two, four, nine, four, six, three,
bid on an hour and 15 minutes in this guy is calling for sloppy seconds. Okay. Forget it, man.
It is a hockey call. So I'm calling a second out. Get out of here. Go get, sticked in the head
by Eric Lindross. Go get out of my push. Oh, speaking of Eric Lindross, let's play it. So
anyway, let's build up to a Richter is making all these great saves. The Montreal fans,
they're all these frenzied Canadian fans are frustrated. They had 22 shots in the second period
alone there. Bombarding Richter with everything but the kitchen sink. They got breakaways. They got
two on one. They got everything and then finally after let's see 39 minutes and 59 minutes and 54
and a half seconds. Finally, it was like an eruption. Can we hear it or not? Are we going to hear it?
Oh, we're not going to hear it. It's about killing the barrier. Hoppy knows that and you'll have to turn
on the Japs which he can do 15 seconds left in the period. Hoppy goes in Ross. Over the line.
The pass. 10 seconds. Hoppy. The shot. Stop. Go on, start.
There you went. The Lens to go. Okay. Kill of Kilos Frogs. They went nuts. That was really the,
you know, and then of course in the last three minutes and 18 seconds, the Americans stuck it in
there four times. How do you like that? Even Kathy Willets never seen other action like that. They
stuck it in there four times and three minutes and 18 seconds. Even Peter North never could lay
that to claim the fame. You know what I'm saying? Squirt, Squirt. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That was an absolutely great game. One of the greatest games I've ever seen.
That was like, I mean, just right on the edge of your seat and then you first
race in level and finally they scored. Then they took the lead and you just had the feeling they
headed in the bag. They had it locked up and then the US team just went nuts. It was outstanding.
Yeah. I know that with the US score at the first goal, right? Right. And then from that point on,
they just basically went dead to almost what in the third year. Well, there wasn't just they went dead.
I mean, just Canadians just took it to them. They were just for checking and they were just
shooting from they just went crazy. They had it bottled up and then of course as soon as they tied
it up there, as soon as the US came back and tied it up there in the third, you know, Harry
Neil said the Canadians are, you know, in an panic mode at this point and they were they were running
around in their own end and they just fell apart. It was wonderful just watching the whole turn
around of events with the fans just going completely berserk. But it was they had it in hand basically.
But it was also wonderful seeing the level of intensity of the way these guys were playing. I
mean, and again, it shows you the difference between hockey players and then the other sport. These
guys, there's no screwing around. The all-star game of course is right in the middle of the NHL
season. They're not going to go out there and get banged up and hurt for an exhibition game.
But I mean, the World Cup, they take it seriously international competition.
The identity was right up with it with the Stanley Cup game. Right. I agree.
It was right up there. Let me can I get a request of, yeah, that's wrong. The old Canada.
Oh, you know, that one with the different words and that it's been spurred in.
You know that one? Yeah. Can you play for me, please? Spurting it in?
I, yeah. We'll try to spur it in for you.
Have you load? Okay. Bye-bye. See you.
We have an open-line in Broward 524 Spurred 524 Squirt. So how's that movie white squirt doing,
by the way? I am hanging on to that tape just to piss off Mitch. It's 1122 at WIOD.
Use talk and entertainment radio.
Uh, I think it's how they think, see?
Welcome.
Oh.
Oh
Nazia
Give me my all star game. I want it back now
Space fall in Canada makes me a blue
I want to give you a kiss
I want to give you a kiss. I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Well, if anybody got an opal,
we have an open line in date 7519-463.
I think it means I want to give you a kiss.
And we have an open line in Broward.
524-946-3524-WYOD.
L.A. King's Bob Miller and Jim Fox.
Boy, there's a guy.
Bob Miller, one of the worst.
Oh, terminal.
Coma inducing.
Buffalo Saber is Rick Jenner and Jim Miller.
I'll tell you that right now.
Orfrid Kimball.
use it or bob cool or uh... let's see pittsburg penguins
mike lang mat mcconald and paul stiger wall on the uh... don't tell me this
mat mcconald guy's gonna do some of the tv games oh my god
what else they got on here let's see a rick peckham is open back in Tampa Bay
pretty mediocre at best
on that of course that i mentioned you have for him or what i'll tell you one
thing he's no bob cool
uh...
all along time and
all the
and i believe
i believe you can ever do that
have been uh... around town doing work
uh...
first thing first and i'm building a house and right now currently i have a
big satellite dish yeah
now sold a house with a new satellite well with a big satellite dish
now i want to get a opinion on whether i should get a new big one or small
one
and the reason i ask you that because
there's a process of building the house
and i want to have them run the wires
inside the uh...
the drywall between the drywall and the block
and i want to do that later on so i don't know how it all depends on what you
want to see
depends on what you want to see everything i can see right now i got the
football package back to ball base i got everything yeah i'm the big dish now
on the little one i'm not too familiar with it and i don't know if you watch hockey
yes i do of course
i'll follow the blackhawks
and i follow the up
of course well you don't want to penguins and right
what the hell does happen there
by radio i company radio
uh... yeah i watch the
yeah i'm not gonna see the penguins on the big dish at least not to the kbl
telecast and you're not going to see the the savers on it you're not going to see
empire under any more the digital
so you get to go with the big dish to be able to see all that
with a little one
in my let me ask you something am i not speaking english
also i had a background on the
okay let me say it again it depends on what you want i still favor the big
dish and especially because december the first
the new general instruments receiver is going to come out it's going to be
cost about a grand
and it's going to let you unscramble a lot of the digital stuff and the regular
analog stuff that's in a clear
and it'll be uh... it'll you'll have a lot a lot of great use to it but if you
were like say a penguin fan or a savers fan
you would now you'll never see that on the big dish again it's all digital
but if you're uh... you know not don't care about that i would stick with the big
dish
got it out of the car's all tell you another thing you'll never see all the
back calls all the feeds all you'll never see that on the small dish ever never
i figured that i mean i get a lot of back calls on the uh... big dish i love it i
love that and all the news feeds and all the other stuff you'll never see any
that on the you'll never see dan rathar a common is here or time broke out
getting his makeup put on on the small dish only on the big dish
i know you got to tend to ten footer
you can you get the same reception on the eight footer you can know don't don't
get sucked into a smaller dish ten foot is what you want
so stay with the ten foot stick with a big one
another question is is it the same kind of cable is used with a cable company
or is a different cable on the uh... the system
you follow them saying not in the least
the big the new house of your building they're going to run all the cables
close inside the walls are all going to be nice and tuck in and yeah
on the wall
i can use that same cable
you gotta talk to your satellite guy mean that's when you start getting it
you know is it seventy five ohm yes but am i the eight run
yeah but i but you gotta talk to your cable your satellite guy
i'm not gonna start huh
i appreciate it okay pal good luck
care have a good day back to you
so i guess i'm the i'm not like i said there's no point i bring up the dolphin
games anymore there's no there's no point in it because nobody also who is
there i'm the only one i'm just a grouse and a grumble and it was a great game
and we played sensational we won a game and there's no problem getting out of
that joint and it was very comfortable and it's a it's a wonderful thing it
must just be me okay i'm getting grumpy and old it's just me me and Walter
Matthew grumpy old men okay it was dynamite it was the best time of my life i'll
tell you that
i sure wish i was back there right now getting sunburned again
hello
hi nil yes sir how you doing that okay i'm the satellite dish expert i could
tell you anything you want to know that guy needs special
cable but i but i don't want to know i don't want to take like
into it you know how interesting this is to the general audience out there
that some guy calls up it's like a doctor question nobody else out there
cares what kind of cable this guy needs he's got to talk to a satellite guy
everybody wants to use this show for like personal advice hey i just wanted
to tell George he wanted to put me on nil i'm going to go and go and
you miserable situation
yeah i would have just passed the information on the George but since i'm on
anyway i'll be on the ill right i'd like to put my two cents in on the
the fill Henry Rick and such controversy what what's the controversy well you
know i guess everybody has their opinion i just want to tell you one thing okay
and i really mean this and i'm not see one thing with me i don't come on and
then do what was that that was my dog i don't do stick like fill we all do our
own thing we all have our own individual act i don't do a bull crap okay
and one thing we'll forget about who's the best one thing i want to tell you
right now i don't need i'm not asking for any professional advice i don't
need anybody telling me that i'm scared to go out and to go to the i am not
interested in that to me i said it on friday and i'll say it again today it's
inappropriate it's disingenuous feel you know talk about some other crap okay
get get a show but don't don't keep wasting your time about how niels do good
for you nil ain't going anywhere okay and i see through this whole transparent
i'm not the least bit interested and he keeps telling me oh this one's gonna call
you know nobody is gonna call okay don't buck wall they gonna be calling me
art buck wall they gonna be calling me how it's turn ain't gonna be calling
and that's fine i don't have any i have no aspirations at this point no
aspirations or perspiration to do anything more than what i'm gonna do with
the paxon people if we expand and we syndicate through the state of florida
even if it's a bunch of nose picking places i don't care that's fine i'm doing
just fine right now and it's great for us i could understand if film Henry was
going to la to do morning drive was gonna make a million dollars a year okay
then i could understand him starting to give me advice like all of a sudden i'm
a living but in the meantime i'm still making a hell of a lot more than anybody
else in this market i'm making a lot more than he's gonna be making out there
and i don't need any professional advice thank you on or off the air it's just
feel stick anyway no it's not stick i'm telling you that he is not stick
it's anger the audience and he's getting through to you no he wants to make
everybody angry so they'll call up and say kneels not going anywhere i'll never
listen again if no but it didn't it didn't work there were like four calls about it
no nobody cares about that anymore you can only go back to the well so many times
and it just doesn't fly anymore i made it very you off though i've made it huh
he's pissing you off yes he is well he's he that's what he's trying to do that's
Phil stick but it but it's not stick you're missing the point but i think that
Phil believes that you would be better off in another market somewhere i believe
that he would like to see us all bail out here and see this station turn into a parking lot i do
believe that yeah i believe that anybody who is not going to be involved with iod after the
30th of september i believe those people for whatever their motivations whatever reason
they would like to see this place turn into a toilet well god bless you Neil i'm glad you're not
going anywhere i'm not going nowhere i'm right here the go to office in fact i was in church with
buddy yesterday have a great day pal okay all right have a good day we have an open line of
brown re-kick their ass yesterday baby i can see it's the same old dolphin crowd out there i
mean you just don't want to fess up we played a very marginal game yesterday against the very poor
team and yeah we still won we'll take the victory we're three and oh but please please i'm
begging you like i have in previous years keep it in perspective this is a team with still many
deficiencies in these people are super ball and you're on your way to the game they got the flag
the flags going on the windows they're all they're letting themselves in for another big fall i
can just smell it again although you have a lot of good new food out there at the stadium i'll say
that if we could just put the dome on there right now Wayne like before the next home game we'll
have the infield out of there baseball beoverwards we'll get that crap out of there now if we can
just get the dome on here and have it like nice and cool and temperature controlled that would be
nice thank you 1137 a w i o d used talking entertainment radio
he was talking entertainment radio 610 w i o d
okay 1141 a w i o d the consensus is in we just took a scientific poll in the dolphins kicked
some bloody ass yesterday were three and oh we're going to the super bowl right nice going jimmy
let's go to uh now let me ask you something why does he call on a regular line is that because he
doesn't want to play big shot and uh call us on the uh maybe he doesn't know how isn't four
hours enough you know uh you're wrong about what about everything that you just said and uh
uh the only reason why i'm just i'm just so tired you know but you know you're not
but you know you know you know you know how it wears you down yeah your paranoia is wearing you down
paranoia i don't know i don't know why you feel the way i do i'm not the least bit paranoid
of it if i were paranoid i'd be worried about paxon with it wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute if i were paranoid wouldn't i be terrified that paxon was going to screw with the show
well what would you like me to say no i know i asked you i asked you a question if i were
i was one you were worried about that i was worried about it when i had people from inside the
building coming in whispering in my ear that they're going to uh come to you and they're going to do
this they're going to do that that was all part of the same game plan to try to get me to uh jump
ship okay i'm not trying to get you to jump ship no no but but wait a minute but forget about you
are you let let's deal with that okay let's deal with that okay you're talking about me the only
reason why i call it but no but wait a minute let's deal with that because you said i'm paranoid let's
deal with that part of it first okay okay now you know that that happened i didn't make that up
that people were giving you misinformation yet right in that i went and i met with them and
after i had the first meeting with them and i spoke to paxon i i haven't been the least bit
concerned about it since then not once not once okay i brought it up initially to you because
after the sale particularly after the sale but even before then you had talked to me off the air
about cocks and what a bad situation it was right and i thought perhaps and you know something
this stuff about you and i never have a drink i don't desire a personal friendship with you i'm
just talking to you except except for the except for the spatula thing right whatever okay that guy
was dead right it was stick on friday but anyway that part of it yeah okay the fact is that i
brought that up simply as a fellow professional because i do admire your talent to say here's an
option okay now i don't think and i may be wrong but i don't think every bloody day i'm wearing you
down with talk about uh... done buck welder anybody else i don't think if i have that i apologize
i bring it up when i hear you complain or when i hear you know it looks like you guys are really
really unhappy okay when i will wait a minute wait a minute you guys you and Rick and sudson and
uh... but you and everybody else is gonna stay here be part of w i d after you leave and that's great
and i would i don't want to see anything destabilize okay you know something i did that friday because
because i knew that you were starting to get but then so i said i think i'll do a little bit more
now i realize you're really but and you're really but the only thing that because i knew you were
gonna do it you told me you were gonna do that i had no problem with that but when the guy called
and said something about neal said yesterday that he's basically lazy and i highly motivated for the
few bucks that he's making and that's exactly what i had said and you said well you know lazy is really
code for i know i know and you know what i said now do you really think that i'm afraid to go to
new york i don't know i don't know i don't know i think i think you got it is that why i sat there in
the middle of seventy five thousand people yesterday while they were doing the invocation sitting on
my fat ass flaunting it in their face that i'm an atheist i'm not gonna sit there and be made to
participate in a religious if i'm the only one you think i'm afraid of it of course not and i
said that in the misguided notion that i might be able to stick it to some of your fans and groupies
and get them to call in obviously they didn't work they don't care anymore they don't i don't have any
fans well no you do you just don't have any that listen to my show which is something else that you know
you know that you see now there is paranoia when you're on here with no we did the thing on
Thursday you said we don't have any crossover i think that's a bunch of bullcrap well i by
personally believe it okay we don't have any crossover i think we have a little but i think i
think Rick and suds you and me have have three distinct audiences you know and uh and that proved
it beyond a shadow without to me on friday so i you know okay cool i wait wait a minute let me
ask you this how about the day several months ago when you did the stick that i was retiring to the
dairy farm i think i think in that instance even people that are not fans of your show would be
shocked by news like that because you're all the people calling the front office that they
who are the all the people that were calling me but i get the word of mouth got out channel seven
that called that day i mean i think word of mouth spread it around and then there are all kinds
of people including your audience that were calling it wrong i think i think you thought about
that i think you would be amazed at how much crossover there is especially between ten and six
all right well sorry Rick you know he's going to be calling in whatever in whatever for whatever
reason they had no opinion or didn't care then that uh i was saying what i was saying about your
career and so i you know we gave up on it so another uh you know another another stupid idea on my
part but to think that i i'm trying to destabilize the radio station is just wrong man it's just flat
out wrong and uh that i you know have some kind of uh you know like cocks is pushing me with enough
to alter your motive to try to get you to quit is ridiculous and i'm sorry to say you're losing your
mind yeah well at least i'm a step ahead of you you already lost your true but uh i just wanted to be
you know known that i'm not trying to screw with you or screw with anybody over there i'm like
you know it's fine man i want to screw with you trust me okay fine that's all i'm saying yeah
what do you got your mouth what do i got my mouth yeah
yeah exactly uh it's so i know it i know it all right so whatever so yeah that's the story and
uh you know so i hope you are angry here is such a pussy man this guy come this guy comes in
here at two o'clock on friday with a lolly poppin is moth like co-jack and a little less hair man
you and tell a survival is be a perfect match just get the hat in the overcoat it's getting bad
and he comes in here he says uh you're not pissed off at me are you it's right you're worse than
rimmer well no it's just you're gonna be pissed off at me no no seriously talk about paranoid and
disingenuous who has been who has since the day you came on in the afternoon who has like waived
your banner and promoted your show and every time somebody called and said something about
Hank Goldberg i said how could you possibly listen to the humber when this guy's on a year doing
his stick you have you have you have you have you're two and a half years and i mean that i'm not going to
that what credibility would i have if i took that back now i said well you don't feel wasn't really
that good you're great you were great talent i tell you that every day but the point is i'm staying
rick is staying if suds is staying and when the and let me give you another part of why why this is
coming on ravioli okay when the program director of this radio station who evidently as best as we
can discern is going to continue to be the program director and he did it again yesterday from my
spy reports which i've had more than one when the program director continues coming on the year
selling this story that Phil Henry is such a great talent that Cox enterprises wanted to keep him and
retain him because he's such a great talent a one in a lifetime and as if to suggest that somehow
the rest of us are chopped liver and yet this man you follow what i'm saying here what you say
he's not going with you to kf i yeah if he if he were going with the to kf i going to be the pd
out there i could say hey you know i could understand that but since he's going to be here it seems
to me that what he's doing basically is making a rest of us look like a bunch of lemons which i don't
think we are and number two he just puts himself in an untenable position with us you see what i'm
saying yeah i hear what you say and and i think that's pretty good i don't know why you know if
if it was the tax and didn't want to deal with a lawsuit i mean i've heard all of these things
yeah dolphins didn't want me to stay i don't know why i know what i've been told uh and and i
know what i hear yeah uh the the only thing that i can think about here the the only thing that seems
you know logical to me is that they feel maybe they made a mistake when they blew me out in Atlanta
and that they that i do come from us angeloos and it seemed like hey we'll give fill a shot in LA
because that's his hometown and uh and yeah we like his talent we like i mean you know i sat
with Bob Neil and Bob Green after that meeting and uh these guys said to me if you want to know the
and i think i told you this i said why why me why not Neil why not Rick and suds you know i said
and i particularly mentioned your name like howard bill said why me yeah and they said frankly we
don't think neal would be happy in Los Angeles now that sounds like crap it sounds like but i mean
that's what they said they said we don't think that he he'd want to leave here and yet they told me
that the reason packs and bought this radio station was because of Neil Rogers the Miami dolphins
Bob Neil told me that as we crossed the street after the same meeting you're talking about well um
that might have been a bit of information that they left out to uh to what to to spare my feelings
and make packs and it said no no i'm not asking that i'm not i'm not i'm not going to feather my own
nest here it may sound self aggrandizing but let me ask you something but you know what black
president is the thing to make wait wait a minute if if you were buying this radio station just
forgetting about everything else based on the on the revenue and based on the numbers over the
last eight years right would you buy this radio station without me of course not of course not
now you do you think that at any point anybody in this corporation never came to me and said hey
would you be willing to go to kf i did would you ever consider going to l a would you consider going
to any of our other markets nobody has ever discussed that with me why would they do that knowing
that it would blow their deal up you know i mean but again disingenuous i keep coming back to
that word when they tell you that they think i would be unhappy out there there was never any option
okay um however i don't think they'd even present that option to you if it was going to blow
the deal up with tax and that's my point yeah and so you know probably if you were to say they
they might even imagine what were they going to sell air and summers and sports talk
they would be a bad deal you're right they wouldn't be able to do it and uh
a tax in particular with their you know their interest in sports they'd want you and they'd
want the dolphins so yeah they they they've got to hold on to you so why even come to you and say
hey Neil would you like to go to l a knowing that that would just blow the deal out of the water
better keep mom and just sell them what they want mom what else she got to do with you
yeah which is another reason why you're staying no yeah right i'm staying here because i want to
be close to your mom all right to a mother but you know so why bring it up to you why mention it to you
if you were supposed you said yeah i'd love to go to l a well goodbye tax and goodbye radio sale
yeah that's the end of the deal now now fill Henry you know hey you know what they told me was yeah
man uh we want you in l a your great guy and i and i believe that but let me ask you something we
got nine and a half days left for me okay nine and a half days right before they two well you got
ten ten yeah but why can't we somehow get through the last ten days well what difference does it make
like i've said before we all wish you the best i hope you i hope you get syndicate hope you do
like an eighty share out there i hope you make millions of dollars who wish you nothing but the best
but the fact is you're going out there and we're staying here right and i hope that uh
taxing you know is a man of his word because i've spoken to him a couple of times he's also gone
public in the media which i i don't think if you're going to screw with somebody you're going to go
on a record and keep saying over and over goes again something that you're you're going to renegade
you know what i'm saying but you said that you were you were you know you know what you were doing
on the franchise he has real confidence in me there's one thing he doesn't want me to say other
than that the sky's the limit asshole you name it no problem at all do me your stick that's what
i've been told well you know what um you're you're not going to like this then because this began
uh last for our last monday a week ago monday today when you came back from vacation and said
that i was out of control i was doing all of this stuff no i didn't say anything i wait a minute i
said that i had heard this and i came on with rick asking a simple question of what's going on
since while i was gone i didn't say you wrote a control i said i had a phone call the other day
from the fat man and he tells me about the various tapes you've been playing in boppa bonn is that
and then rick uh whatever evolved from there you know history uh has unfolded right unfolded
it's it's it's unraveled yeah and uh and then the following monday i guess which is after rich
is call a lady calls a few callers said well yeah i guess philandry is given up and i didn't hear
you the following monday well that day that monday you came back yeah you talked to rich and uh
they they people were expressing they've been what feels giving up and all of this ridiculous stuff
and i didn't hear you saying anything like well let me let me ask phil first to find out what's
going on you know uh i'm not so another because on that wonderful wow this is incredible one full
time but i haven't been here i spent three hours ripping you you spent three hours saying
taking all these calls from people saying yeah he's giving up yeah i don't know he's nuts and all
of this i didn't hear you contradicting them or anything you know because i had i had no idea what
transpired here during the week that i was gone well the point is that this began with you
uh this this uh this this this you know phil's given up or whatever this this i came on here and
i said phil give up phil's given up your callers were saying that and uh and you weren't you know
disagreeing with them and let me say it again i can't agree or disagree when i wasn't here to
hear what went on well uh and then i came on on monday you came in and we discussed it or you
discussed it in the morning okay right and we discussed it again on thursday and then i came on
monday and i did the Margaret bit and uh she predicted that uh the the the the backstabbing would begin
right and she you're exactly and she said that i was here to stab you in the back and i wasn't
the friend and uh she said all of this other stuff right right and you said it through other voices
and that was great and and just like i'm afraid to go to l.a. i'm scared and i'm a coward and i'm just
up if local talent here i don't believe that uh just like the guy who said that you know
steve can and the erudgers they're just a local talent steve can be like a point three share a point
one share on a 250 watt radio station and i'm certainly in a league with mr. reguiter no question
that that's how i envisioned my 20 years in my emmy is like stepalos steve can well that's
ridiculous and everybody knows it and uh you know i i i didn't know it but everybody knows it i
mean and i just came on doing some stupid stick and that's all there is to it man i i the the
the notion that i want to destabilize the radio station is so dead wrong i can't begin to describe
why can't we as of this moment can't we divest ourselves of these notions that anybody else is going
anywhere we're staying here for better or worse you're going to l.a. for better or hopefully for
better and and that's it that's fine that's okay with me is it is that okay of course i mean i
be like i said and i'm not getting any phone calls from don buck wall or any of these other people
in new york i'm not going to get any phone calls from them i'm not going to go on here to be how
towards gate talk host or whatever kind of fantasy works on me to be some fag to do it to live to do
harvey firestein on a year or harvey wireman or anybody y'all i'm just i'm going to be here and do my
thing and i'll see how it goes well i'm i'm sorry that that that that somehow you're perceived that
way i don't think that's it though then perceived what way that that the fact that your game
means you're doing but let me ask you this do you think i care what howard stern things of course
not but i thought perhaps i do know that you have a national reputation in the industry and i
think that those the the guys in new york are aware of that and uh... and are serious about talking
to you they have their timetable i don't know what the hell is man you know these guys are right
i'm telling you i went home just like you said i went home i sat by the phone from three o'clock
Friday i didn't really go to the dolphin game i just i said under a heat lamp that's what i got
this crap and i sat there the phone never rang your rang one time with some broad from the
canadian lottery and i'm kubernetes on me some god damn lottery ticket that was it that's the only
call i had that then rimmer called my pretend i wasn't home and that was it well um
like i said i you know i i know what did you say you know when i told you initially when i brought
your name up to david katsy said you mean to tell me that neal rogers has no agent he knew who
you were he knows your show and he was i had no agent and you can tell him to talk to bob green and
sheroe riftkin a k ava brown and he'll find out why don't have an agent why i'm sitting here naked
all right but i mean i i i know that you're known to those guys and george has given me i got a
break you know i believe i have a rick and such show man oh well excuse me yeah we don't want to run
over okay all right so that's the story and uh so i'll see you two with the lolly pop good deal okay five
you kill some good time eleven fifty six at w i o d
use talk at entertainment radio six ten w i o d so billy and bomb one of e president frankly we
couldn't care less w i o d my annual forty-dollar day of news talk at entertainment radio six
ten w i o d
