the gender of the baby let's put your little uh... chart the test were right
here
okay
uh... conception was january such a month of january yeah
and she will if the baby comes on time she will just to turn thirty five by
like four days when the baby comes did you see his little thing
uh...
well what is charcée i'll tell you what they just said did you see his little
thing because he has one
now not according to the ultrasound well then maybe your he's got one may
have you're you're uh... giving birth to a future bread pit maybe
oh man that be terrible there you go you don't you don't suppose it's like
turned in on itself maybe it's in bishop junior now
now and hold
it's a career in the
well that case would not be the whole thing
uh...
yeah hold it she
show that she thirty four now should be thirty five of the baby comes either
way in january thirty four thirty five it's a male
uh... well you you in that little magic box disagree with the one thing
she's going to be hell of a tell tenis player golfer
well you know there you have a lot a lot of money that mister
that was a lot of the long as the long as the things don't get in the way
you know right
that all right well and and that was for sure i mean they got a real good
glimpse they got a good clear look at it he said that uh... you know
with there was not one where he expected to find one so it's gonna be a little
girl i just said ancient chinese secret not infallible
that's right
that's true
i thought i'll call you back in october and let you know for sure
will hold our breath
you'll take a look at you put it back on hold pick me up in october
okay
nine fifty seven hands of free call he's on a mobile
call her back better than ever return a full card simul casting exciting
racing action the season promises to be the best ever
with more ways more great prizes to win you know the opening day memorial day
weekend that's like tomorrow
that tomorrow friday there's free grandstand admission in a chance to win more
on saturday
the first ten thousand fans of calder will get a free gift
sunday every sunday you can come out to calder fifty thousand dollar
handicapping contest
and then on monday which is memorial day
that could be your most memorable event ever a chance to win one million bucks
as always you can enjoy the taste of calder they've got everything from bagels
to jimakin food
the latin corner conical hot dogs
dunking donuts carvel ice cream you get as fat as a horse and eat like one
two
don't miss the opening weekend this weekend a calder race course
just two blocks north of joe roby stadium exits off the turnpike
post-time one p.m. racing Thursday through monday
radio station design for an open draw bridge
w i o d my any for the other day
news talk and entertainment radio
six ten
w i o d
good morning a tenet one on jackie quid with six ten w i o d news brought to you by my
ms ob
and it's eighty right now in south florida next news update eleven o clock bulletins
at once i'm jackie quid news talk and entertainment radio six ten w i o d
go
wanna
all
sieht
Steve Cain, Nick Lawrence, Scott H. Chapin, Mike Glora, Scott Schwartz, Herman, and McBeam.
Gail Bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy B. L. A. Bullwerz, and Gwen Wilde, Steve Stasel, don't forget Bill Wise.
Chairman Honey, Johnny Dull, and Aileen F. D. Nam, and Scoville, and Hummel Stan, major Darcy McIntyre.
The prize very Larry Pottle, Connie Fudg, Sharon Fence, and Joan Hans, sister Swigiel, and the Parapar.
We can't forget the people, though we try to hide them, and forget we knew them.
They used to work beside us, even though we're times they made us lose our minds.
And we barrel wick, Alpine Tim, Dean Gary Bruce, Jeff Clark, Johnny Darken, Joseph Gacky.
Hank Goldberg, McGreen, Marvin Roman, Warner, and me.
Stephanie Lewis, Gwen, and Wimstone, forgetmatchwee.
Oh, these are in all the people, who are still here working, and meal still working.
We are all the people, who are out there giving, just a make-o-wimbing.
I would like to explain it to Robert.
Let's have a dot.
And we're out there giving, just a make-o-wimbing.
Oh, God!
Okay, 10-0-8 at WIOD.
It's a great day for the Irish and the Jewish, and everybody else.
I'll tell you that.
God, I haven't felt this good in years.
Isn't that amazing?
You think it's just like now that the weight of all of that is off of our shoulders,
or is it even something beyond that?
I think it's more something beyond that if he asks me, but I don't want to get too graphic
and in detail about that, at least till September.
So anyway, if anybody's got any questions for us.
If anybody wants to know what the latest rumor is there, I've got to really laugh about some
of the people in this town, especially the media people, and they're trying to get a hold of
this one and get statements from that.
One in the course, many of us are not returning a lot of these calls, because what's the point?
So they're just listening to the radio, is, hey, good morning to all you guys.
And then they're writing articles about it.
How you doing, Tom Jicke?
Tom's okay. He's all right.
He's just a little, and you notice how he had to get Hank's name in there again today?
I mean, what the hell did Hank have to do with any of this?
But somehow he got, he worked Hank's name in there.
And Melissa, she had to work David Ross's name in there because
Super David would have been upset if she didn't.
So, you know, there's always something to read between the lines and these articles.
So anyway, what do we say about, now yesterday, at about, what time were they here from
Channel 4? And by the way, thanks to them, they did a really nice piece. Did you see it on
the five or six o'clock?
No, at 5.30?
How they did a nice job.
But in fact, even Camberl cracked up there a little bit.
He had that lip curled up in here, that big one.
And he kind of was amused.
But anyway, we thank them profusely for that.
But it threw me for a loop when they come in here and they're asking me about,
well, what about Phil Henry leaving and what about here in Summersness and that.
And here we had just had that meeting yesterday morning and we're like sworn to secrecy
and we're going to keep this under wraps, which of course you would assume that was going to be the case.
Because you don't want to have somebody on the year as a lame duck for like three months
and everybody calling in every day, oh geez, you're leaving. What are we going to do?
Are you sure?
So I don't know what to tell to say.
So I just said, well, we're sworn to secrecy and we can.
So nobody can blame us here on the year for spilling the beans,
but everybody else evidently did.
And you know, it's sad because Phil is a great talent and sometimes full of crap,
but that's the way we all are.
But I don't know what the hell we're going to be doing there for three or four months
or however long this takes because it's kind of a strange kind of a twisted
Do you know what? Don't you find it? Or am I wrong?
And then we're going to be in here for months.
That part is going to be really, that's going to be a really dicey situation because we're going to be,
I mentioned this yesterday, the sale should go through like the end of August to the beginning of September.
But we will still be in this building with the Cox people.
People are going to stop talking every time we walk into the room.
Yeah.
Cox by, look out.
So there will be a Paxon owned station in the midst of the Cox complex here.
And then of course, they're building the thing up in Hollywood,
which if they live long enough, the coast and hot 105 and there are other acquired properties,
which I'm sure there will be some more will be in there, not AM.
And we'll all be moving up to 441 and I want to say Miami Gardens Drive.
Is that right? Is that what he said?
1.91.
Well, that's, yeah, that's about that.
Close to the county line, but 441 and much, much closer to where most of us live in a brand new
beautiful state of the art building with state of the art digital equipment and sounds pretty damn good.
And from hearing from some of the people over there in that complex,
they've got some pretty damn swanky equipment already now because I guess they believe in that.
And of course, there are those people saying, well, how are you going to be able to work for
Buddy Bud Pax and you ripped them for years? Well, that's true.
Of course, I ripped the Cox people for years when I was over at INZ in the Zeta and Mike Disney
in specific and then all of a sudden you wind up working over here.
You see, that's the way the world is.
It makes for strange bedfellows as they say, which brings me to this facts from a David Gravy line.
Congratulations, Neil. Welcome to the Pax and family.
You're in bed with a bunch of us now.
Welcome to the free, David Gravy line. How do you like that?
I don't want to be in bed with David Gravy line.
Now Brian the board, I'll call it in yesterday. That's another story we can discuss that.
But David Gravy line, I don't think so as in no way.
But nice thing, yeah, they're all like it's like we feel connected to them.
Don't we? Don't you all of a sudden feel a little bit connected to at least some of them,
some of the Pax and people now? And we feel very disconnected from the Cox people.
In fact, I walked in that door this morning and there were some of the Cox folks who like
look at you out of the corner of their alley. Oh, there he is again.
And we definitely do. I know that I speak for a Rick and for SUDs and for anybody else who's
going to be moving over to the Pax inside. We do want to apologize to all of the Cox people for
costing them so much money these past at least in my case seven and a half years and preventing
them from making a nice healthy profit and not getting those numbers and getting the whatever it
is that we were supposed to get. I really I feel bad. I feel insufficient after that speech by
Bob Niole yesterday morning. I feel somehow I've let I've let my leaders down.
And I know that somewhere long line I'll have to repent and make good for that.
1013. Don't isn't that with the way it was it just me because I know the other people I've
spoken to had the same feeling yesterday. He kind of like in that speech. All he really had to do was
say, you know, it's not been a financial winner for us and we're basically moving our direction and
we're selling to Paxson and good luck to all of you and you'll find out what to start.
What isn't that what would have been necessary? That's all I need to have been said.
But it was kind of presented in the matter as if well, you know, we tried everything under the
sun. We haven't been able to make money with this turkey and you people have been like a bird
on us. So all you weigh in people like that. You know, that's kind of the feeling that I got.
I felt like unclean. I kept smelling my shoes. 1013 at W I O D. It's Memorial Day madness of
Kendall Toyota. Kendall Toyas management has gone nuts and authorized the release of the lowest
Memorial Day sale prices ever. And when they say the lowest, they're not talking through their
butt. They mean it. Listen to this. The new 96 yourself starting at just 8991. New 96 Corolla
starting at just 10,991. New 96 Camry starting at just 13,991 and new Tacoma starting at 10,500.
91 bucks. So what are you waiting for? Get down to Kendall Toyota before the management wakes up and
realizes they're practically giving these new Toyota's away. It's no hassle, no negotiating or
price shopping because they got one price selling. And your old car is worth $4,000 toward the
purchase of select new 96 Toyota's. It's all waiting for you right now. It's always the best deals
in the world at Kendall Toyota on US one just out the day land. $4,000 trade offer on new 96
Toyota's based on MSRP excludes your sales. Our our AV force, our AV force for runners and
Corollas offer non-conjunction with any other offer one trade per deal on approved credit.
The world of sports. According to DFO, www.wiod.com. Worldwide, baby. From news, talk and entertainment
radio. 610 WIOD. 1017 and WID will want to find out about mission impossible. We'd like to save
the audience some money or give them reason to go out and spend it. You know, you can read those
reviews in the newspaper. And you know, sometimes they're on target, sometimes they're full of crap.
And again, who the hell are they to be, you know, they're getting paid just for giving their opinion.
God, I sure hate to be in that position, getting paid for giving my opinion.
But anyway, so what the hell do those movie reviewers know? So we'll find out from some people who
have seen it already, which I'm sure there are many. They were just flocking because the hype is
just incredible. I mean, it is just supposed to be. And the things that I read about it was like it
was okay. And the special effects were great. And Tom Cruise looked pretty good for him. But other
than that, who knows, we'll find out. I mean, it was no seven. Here's our first call of the day.
This is going to be a momentous day for us. Make no mistake about that. By the way, I'm sure that
they a whole reneary crowd are listing this morning. I turned over to them just in time to hear
Mikey say this morning, I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. And
also say that the fullest thing with Cox enterprises, which means he must have some real interesting
pictures. Here's Boca. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to read an article that Joly Point
wrote on the New York Times, so that he's a national hockey writer. Yes, sir. He says, he's
unbelievable. The last paragraph he says, as for the Eastern Conference Finals, sports faces
a crisis, the possibility that the pants, there's could take their sleep inducing act into the finals.
Then he says, if the pants is one four or seven games, the leaks either demand a recount or
amended spy loss, who extend this round to the best nine or best of 11. Whatever it takes to get
the pay went for the finals. This guy would be shot. The last one, the pants and style of play
could devastate the television ratings of Fox Network and ESPN. Imagine the possibility
of the Stanley Cup presented South Florida on a steamy night during the week of summer solstice
as fans lit of the ice with rats. At least real flying often puts our traditional, but not
plastic, plastic rats is nothing sacred. Do you believe a guy who's the national writer of the
New York Times right now? Oh, absolutely, because he's a pseudo intellectual. What does he know?
How about the New York Times and the New Jersey Devils who are right there on their doorstep?
It will are 10 times. Last year, there were 100 times more boring than will ever be.
And how about the Detroit Red Wings who are a thousand times more boring than either one of them?
I can't see him right underneath. There was an article Florida now, a hockey property where it says
what a great job Torp, no Tori. There you go. But I mean, I can't, this is unbelievable.
I don't pay any attention to that. It's just a bunch of spoiled sports. They don't have any New York
team or New York area team that's got a shot at being in it. So right away they got to rip everybody
else, screw them. Well, the people that really know like the CBC people, they're giving us the
credit that we deserve. They really know the game. They really know what it's all about. And all
these people think that somebody owes it to them to create a marquee matchup so that Fox and ESPN
can get higher ratings. Fox ought to be worrying about their own god damn backyard and that's
stupid Fox talks. And what they've done to try to destroy the game instead of blaming everybody else.
All right. Have a good day. Just remember one thing Fox rhymes with Cox. You're right. Have a good day.
And have back to you. That's depressing. But you know something we don't care because we know
how good this team is. We know how many good exciting players we got on air. We know how many
hardworking guys we got and we're savoring it. Yesterday I heard from several people.
Panther practice yesterday. You couldn't get near there. You couldn't find a parking space.
The place was Jan with people. Everybody in their brother. The Stanley Cup here on the front of
the sports section in the scum Sentinel. Here's a big picture of the Stanley Cup on display at JC
pennies. Here's the guy. This plunket guy that travels around from the hockey all the fame in Toronto
and travels around with a cup all over the damn place, which is why he got divorced because he's
never home. He's busy with his cup all the time. And here's Adam Simpson of sunrise. This kid with
his toy rat and he's got the cup sitting next to him. I mean, they've got the fever here man.
And if these other people think they're going to PR parade, well, scored, scored back at him. You know
what I'm saying? Scrum. We have an open line in date. 7519463 751 W I O D the green lines in Palm Beach.
Now what did Buddy Bud say yesterday about the green lines? Once he'd have no more. Yeah, I think he
said you Palm Beach people to you. I think he's waiting. Does he own any properties up in Palm Beach
County? I don't think so. He's got him all over Florida. I shouldn't say that. I'm not sure,
but I have my doubts. Also, the article in the Harold, which I don't get the year old. So I hadn't
read this until I got here. I didn't actually read in the business section Larry Lee Boots and
Melissa Ruggieri's column packs and caps radio lineup with W I O D and Tom Jicca, who I have an
Ellie went out and bought a new radio because he hasn't read anything about radio and ages. W I O D I O D
deal could shuffle programming, which Tom, it's okay, but it's a lot of assumptions like most of us
are making. And then I come in here and I read this Harold article, which is written by whom.
This is also in a business section written by Mimi Whitfield, whatever name is,
Paxiable by W I O D and three stations in Panama City. And it goes on to say here in the
thing about W I O D about most people will be staying and the Paxi wants to keep the dolphins and
Cox insisted on keeping afternoon talk show host Phil Henry as part of the deal. Henry who occupies
the two to six PM slot remain on I O D, at least to August, but then reassigned to another Cox
station. And then it goes on to talk about some of the rest of us. It says Paxi said there are
excellent broadcasters and programmers at W I O D, although he questioned whether the language,
some of the muses appropriate for radio, asked of his concerns, extended talk show host Neil Rodgers,
known for his colorful language and insults. Paxi said, I'll leave that up to Neil. Neil is a great
broadcaster. Neil God. How do you like that? What did I tell you about this buddy, buddy? Hello,
a guy, man. He's the best. See, it's interesting. I'm sure that they thought that some people within
the Cox enterprises, a chain of, a chain of command thought that, well, once we found out what this
was going to be all about and especially me going to work for buddy, but that we would be like puking
our guts out. And instead, now that we've had time to digest it and go to the track and win a few
bucks last night, Michelle Brainer, God. And cash a few tickets and come back in and really think
about it and talk to some people who are like objective and knowledgeable and understand just to
that that we're actually worthwhile human beings and we are not some kind of, you know, it's kind of
like we're a drag on their on their profit margin. You know, like we were we were bringing at corporate
profit level down. We were weighing them down and they just couldn't wait to cut us loose. Well,
hey, have a great life, Bob Neil. And thanks for putting us on here in Tampa too. God, we could never
have made it without that. 1023 at WIOD Liberty Gas Corporation wants to introduce you to the
biggest advance in outdoor cooking since the Weber kettle. It's the Weber gas barbecue and it's
like no other gas barbecue you've ever seen because it has the Weber flavorizer system that works
without lava rock and virtually eliminates flare ups that can burn food. The Weber flavorizer
system puts the heat exactly where you want it for the total cooking control you need. The Weber
gas barbecues from Liberty Gas Corporation may clean up easy thanks to that removable tray that
directs grease away from burners and with the Weber gas barbecues heavy duty construction they're
built to withstand years and years of use and like I told you I use mine every single day of my life.
Liberty gas has the full line of Weber gas grills. They've got over 40 grills on display starting
at just 122 bucks and a huge selection of parts in stock too. Every grill is professionally assembled
for your free charge and when you buy your grill you get a free tank of gas to get you started.
You can also refill your tanks and they have a limited delivery area for you too. Liberty gas there is
nothing like a Weber grill trust me like I said use it it's like my life. They're open Monday through
Saturday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sundays 9 to 2 you'll find Liberty gas in the blue building on the corner of
441 and Pembroke Road. Call them toll free 1-800-983-4375. 1-800-983-4375 and remember if it's Weber it's
great outdoor. So you think you got the nerve? So you think it's easy no big deal? Well it's time
to put your mouth where your mouth is. Neil won't like it the IOD amateur hour Sunday nights at 11 p.m.
Make it take been sent it. 441 North Bay Causeway Miami 331-41
Oh my god. From news talking entertainment radio 610 W IOD
Is the diddy about a bitty in my city not as old as dead but she sure is pretty. Oh I tell you it's
a security. She's not acted it's a true setup walking by the door in her brand new get up. She
trips she falls she tries to call. I fall and I can't get up. I fall and I can't get up. Yo man didn't
I see you in a one time. Oh man. Yo yo yo yo yo me and the crew used to power that blue her.
And now she's not allowed to dance. They drove her away in an ambulance. Make it get
you. I fall and I can't get up. I fall and I can't get up.
1029 at W IOD we got a couple open lines and date wait 97519463 751 W IOD. See the more that these
other media outlets keep knocking the panthers and questioning our ability and calling us boring
the more I enjoy it as we just keep going about our work and ignoring them and going about our
pointed grounds and winning a few games here in air and making it really interesting which quite
frankly we've won one more game in this round of the trea red wings which their third game is in
Denver tonight and boy I got a feeling that they're going to go down big time the red wings tonight. I
have a feeling they're going to go down without a whimper. Here is Fort Lauderdale on the purple line. Hello.
Yeah Neil. Yes sir. I feel like an expectant father waiting for tomorrow to happen with regard to
the panthers. Right. Tomorrow is a big day. The party begins tomorrow. Yes sir. Also with we got to
the switch over to Paxon wasn't one day that wasn't you be thinking of buying the panthers at one time.
Yeah and of course Wayne decided not to sell right. Right. For the time being but then again Wayne
decided not to sell it to the guy from Dallas and now he says some of his local associates and people
might be allowed to buy some of it and Paxon might be one of those. I don't know but I I know he's
very very interested in it's I'm not giving any secrets. He's very interested in getting all of the
sports franchises and I'm going to tell you there's going to be one battle for the dolphins and
the marlins and the panthers. He's already got the heat but for those other three is going to be you
know. Yeah because the way the way it is circulating around is that he definitely wants an interest in
the in sports down here and also which is big. He wants to you know turn WILD into a sports station
and no I don't I don't think that's just a rumor and what was said yesterday is that that's not
going to happen. But again who really knows you know. No that's true. Listen last night with Michelle
Brainer just you go wide a wire. No Michelle Brainer warmed up a horse super slats last night in the
ninth or tenth race like like Mac Lowell the greatest warm up I've ever seen in my life.
Horse should have been about nine or ten to one opened up at even money went up to three to one
and finally went off at five to one and she took a two-hole trip and got locked in I thought she
was never going to get out and got out on the last turn and swung wide and came zooming down
this stretch in one going away. Michelle God. Is there any as far as the drivers and things to
pompe know is anybody there of notoriety I mean like that Wally and Kevin and things like that is
right. Mark Auburn is still there and Terry Kurus still there and Bruce Rangers having a great
summer meeting he's just the smoking. Bobby Reese is still there or did he? Well it's trying to
say that Bobby Reaser is a driver of note. No my friend Earl must have paid you to make this call
or you kidding me or what Bobby Reaser. No everybody year ago Bobby Reese had a good summer meeting two years
ago two years ago before his glasses got thicker than a pop bottles. How about Rick Shaude is he
hanging in there? Rick went in doubt to say hi to Rick Shaude and his sister up at the Meadows.
Have a great day pal. You're killing me. Okay we have an open line in day 7519463 we have one on a
purple line mobile one cell 18 T wireless. So what do you hear Andy? Now watch out let me just
tell you George right now want to go public with this. Oh trust me. Be very careful with this one
over here. Okay. There if I ever saw one who's like he's like a chameleon he's ready to change
colors in just look at how red his face is right now. He's also in a very desperate situation and
he's in a desperate situation because he's with the lame duck over there. In fact you see the look
at the lame duck hanging right from the wall over there. That's the Cox system over here. That's
the lame duck hanging right from the wall and he's on that Phil Henry show which Phil is still one
of the Cox's do's or something like that but you know so so where what's your story? What are
you going to be when you grow up huh? No we'll see what happens in other words he's remaining
flexible so like I said tell him nothing okay just go just where Andy comes in go that's all
speaking tongues and tell him nothing because he's one of those Cox people this is really
isn't it when you come right down to it this is more intrigued than fish and impossible I'm telling
you this is a very bizarre situation because we have these mortal enemy camps now in the same building
and I know that I'm by the way every morning now go up there and get my mail would you please I'm
not going up I'm I'm drawing an imaginary line when he bent it from the coast just came in and
give me a big hug and a kiss and she's going to be desperate because we're the only ones that feeder
about once every three months and keep her alive they'll have to get an IV in there to keep her going
but I think right past the coast there that's as far as I'm going a little a production room up
there whatever the hell we call it a little green room F2 or FU is that what they call that's as far
as I'm going I'm drawing my imaginary line because I'm not going beyond there I hope Cheryl don't
take it personally but it's not personal it's business I just not and maybe certainly we don't
want to take part because we love Mabel Mabel is one of the great people in the building and she's
not everybody's side she's just a nice person which of course is unusual and misjoint in this
business here's Westchester hello how you doing now yes sir you know where I feel going to go in
the market or is he going to stand Florida you're asking me like I know that well that's true
I don't know and I don't know what he said on the area yesterday he just said he's leaving WOD
which is true once the sale goes through but he's staying with Cox and they have you know they
have other stations like in LA and Atlanta and around the kind of Orlando so I don't know
you know let's hope let's hope he does good for himself he's he's a great talent he is
and by the way I what's your address there I got a nice little poster of Felix that I want to
send all right WOD Miami 33141 and put Neil up make sure you put Neil Rogers on the outside
of the package and no Cox people touch this telling you and being as I've learned most of my
most of my freeloading from you is there any way I can get like a rat in return
here's a guy who's anticipating the rats that we haven't even got yet what when do we get what's
the story on those he said he was going to try to get them to us today okay well take this guy's
name and when we get him we'll I get you one all right thanks a lot do you like that see we've
already learned from buddy bud this is barter central we'll just to make it into a
all day swap shop I like that okay hang on okay we got two open lines in date county I want to see
these date people getting into wood here aren't they excited about all these goons on here are they
busy at the cock fights again today 7519463 751 WOD but of course if this company gets into
a way and of course then they got the thing with Brian Cox so I guess they might call that the Cox
fights which is something like what they're doing the highly but with different well 7519463
WOD see that's what's going on there that's what's going on with these day lines we got line
checkers over there we got people asking around with our lines it must be so it must be a subterfuge
and don't forget every time a line gets screwed up now between now in September we're going to run
right down here into the phone room and make sure who's got their finger in it 1036 at WOD
the opinions expressed by the host gaster callers on WOD are not necessarily those of the station
or sponsors all WOD programs are copyright 1996 by WOD incorporated no tape recordings or transcripts
may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WOD incorporated okay 1040 at WOD
incorporated and we have an open line on a green line all three lines in day dead or in a
door now I thought we were going to be syslin today with all this channel four had that big
piece yesterday it's all over the newspapers it's everywhere these people don't care they don't
care if it's owned by elmer fud all they want to do is tune in here at guide damn radio show help us
kill four hours every day you know and of course I consider and go on and on and you know feather my
own nest so to speak and talk about the fact that when you got a six point six year 2554
and an AM station you number one in the entire market and you do it without a single without
anybody lifting a finger without one single word without a TV spot without a billboard without a
newspaper a without a guy with a sandwich board running up and down Lincoln road mall saying hey
tune into this guy it might be pretty good anything I think that's a major guide damn miracle
and I'm not going to let some two foot tall guy with bdi standard make a speech and make me feel
somehow insufficient like I or anybody else here have let these people down okay we've worked our
asses off some of us for a very long time here without getting very much on the other ass end
we're sitting here with a computer man it's like I said yesterday kids could have crazzes for a
nickel could go out and buy something more sophisticated than this this is like even marconi is laughing
at this thing so all I want to say without knocking anybody of course is uh okay let's go to
uh for for lottery hello for lottery oh father what's going on back there what is this guy doing
are we like chop liver now or what hello hey yeah yeah sir god how you doing okay I know I cut
your off guard there we were like on a roll I was pontificating for hours I know I'm here working
okay uh me too listening to the news this morning I'm here in enemy territory big time uh yeah see
you later Phil well what do you think about that uh I'm not happy about it yeah you know I I went
through the change as a listener of w i d I went through the change of Rick and such to the morning
right sucked it off you know they had rainy they brought Phil in I like Phil um he's a highly
intelligent man yes I don't want to seem go a little devious sometime but intelligent guy that's
the beauty of it right because uh I think I'm uh I like that also yeah uh I vote for having you
to be an announcer for the Panthers right you got my vote and uh if I can uh share that with
everybody else out there let's vote Neil in okay also your election is going to be tomorrow's a matter
of fact great uh brown artificial walked with in the table I you know something don't even get
excited about that it's like it says if you read the whole article it says this is expected to
happen a few times this is what goes on with these negotiations and Wayne being uh you know the
kind of guy that he is it squeezed them as hard as he can and they're acting this it's the same kind
of stuff it's been going on all of it if you read the article it says in no way does this jeopardize
the uh plan it's going to happen it's a use to quote a line from somebody else it's not a question
of if it's a question of when how do you like that well what about the delay of the season start
not going to delay just got through telling it that get it done good just don't get all paranoid
because of some headline in the newspaper I get nervous because I'm going out buying season tickets
next to have no fear the Panthers are here to stay yes and so is Neil exactly great hey got cold uh my
Cuban buddy do you expect matter of fact uh a very prominent uh multi-millionaire said within the
past 24 hours Neil is a great broadcaster how do you like that I don't care how much money he has
I don't have that much and I know you're a great broadcaster there you go all right even though we
did let the Cox people down Neil's a great broadcaster oh well but anyway yes who is it who is it who it
is I want to call Lenny a douchebag okay Lenny you're a Julio jubin three time having sex four children
douchebag okay hey and he'll have a bad average have a great life power right must be pretty damn
potent I'll tell you that we have an open line in the day 7519463 we got one in brown or five to four
we've had no reviews on fishing impossible yet and I realize it just it opened yesterday right
the previews were Tuesday Wednesday yeah yeah yesterday was Wednesday I know we've been under a lot
of stress as a matter of fact the week has actually flown by for some reason which I can't put my
finger on it time is flying by Adam before you know it it'll be septem bulletins at once I'm
Terry Griffin news talk and entertainment radio 610 w i o d oh Neil my queen god
what wow let's supplement we grow up on never gonna be a band like them again man
not till now introducing the metal band of the 90s politically and environmentally correct
on-legged Zeppelin featuring Robert plan
yeah he's good all right man what about the music on-legged Zeppelin's music speaks to our
entire age what age is that man middle whoa
I gotta hold on a bill
oh yeah I could relate man yeah man this music touches me it will touch everybody
he's gay but she wants kids today so she's getting it on with a
baster
on-legged set of a little fat marms every place with centers and wherever people who think
everything was better 20 years ago hang out
like it was man yeah wasn't I can't remember
1106 at w i o d happy thursday we're like celebrating over here jumping up and down we're
talking only to certain specific people in the building of course we have an open line in
day 751 we got one in powered 524 and we got one on a green line look at that like one for everybody
and let's do opalaka hello opalaka is gone oh my god you got to be kidding me two
open lines in day 7519 463 where is the feeling where is the emotion where is the where is it
work where can we put our finger on it that's what i like to do that working air what it did work in
air so what am i supposed to tell you bokeh brine's got his new cd out is that in the uh work
can i get that try different disc yeah if you how many of you got it those
usually one well then bring me a different disc i'll guarantee you'll work in this piece of
drecking what do you expect from us we got old equipment in here okay this ain't like packs and
stuff yet this is old dreck oh and that's another thing by the way since we're gonna be i'm wonder
after september since we're gonna be stuck in here are they gonna like put some new stuff in here
temporarily what do you laugh at about it's gonna be owned by this is gonna be w-i-d packs and
communications so they might actually at least temporarily come in here and at least some of the
stuff like like cart machines and the cd players and stuff like that that are like not permanent
that can be moved they might actually do something with that okay i've stuck the disc in this
machine and ain't gonna queue up i think this machine is anti-seminic or something it absolutely
refuses to play brine's cd it hates me it hates you like poison and look at that it won't it won't
stop spinning it's like a god damn dreidel the thing will not start you have to turn a machine off
to get the thing to come out of there it did play in here well it's so one of the no it's not
gonna make any difference trust me that won't do anything okay well just keep trying pal
good luck the brine i like i said where can they buy that
okay so boka brine's got his cd just came out and it's called meet boka brine as an me
at meet boka brine and it's got a picture while several pictures of brine looking like the Beatles
on the front oh each one uglier than the other and it says featuring the boka song and sitting
on a bench in del ray and it's got all of boka's great brine stuff on here the girls don't fart when
i was thin saved the last fish for me kind of a fag i saw jesus on a stick of haliva and all kinds
of stuff i like 34 different cuts what a difference a game makes queer street the bible says they're
all on here and if you want a copy of how much is this by the way 1999 plus postage tax that includes
tax includes includes everything 1999 might even send you a penny a refund 1 800 749 4653 if
you want boka brine's great new cd in high five stereo and hopefully it'll play in your machine 1 800
1 800 749 4653 well i'm giving you a nice plug there but you give me a thing that will not play in
a machine here oh yeah hang out of that yeah it's going to be a lot of good okay you go squeeze
yours here's Miami hello Neil yes sir and back to you remember yesterday at the end of the show
you had a guy who was trying to sell some tickets for painters yes well did you guys tell him or
i have no idea what he like a hundred numbers to uh to people yeah all guaranteed he's got him
sold they went faster than haliva and telev how much was it still in there for you know i have no idea we
know how could i get involved with that because if he's like scalping him that would be highly illegal
and we'd be uh you know a partner in crime right and god forbid uh your cox broadcasting we would
never want to do that right hang golberg he's the biggest ass sucker yeah in the state of florida man uh
i mean uh he must be double jaded then uh he must be double-jointed right i must be like ron jermy
he was talking about how how he's sick and tired of uh panther's thought oh you know the
four shows oh he's back on that jagged again right right make up his mind one day pretends he likes it
the next day he's sick and tired of it the next day he's the biggest fan of uh let me let me ask you
how are the heat doing these days right well once the next dolphin game cut but it's a year
something he he starts criticizing the heat also and then when he he gets like but Riley on the phone
or one of the heat player he's uh oh yeah i'm the biggest fan of yours and this and that
well that's always been the case he's lyricine junior he just wants to be a professional ass
liquor and the last thing male who look who look better in a gistrum bikini Jessica Aguirre or get
or jacking s pro oh god what a thought okay so while we're working on that one and the Brian
Rokross one yeah that's another thing about the fat hummer over there i remember back when the
beastly buck q a m what was that about two three months ago a couple of months ago and you know we
got the word on it that it was going down and we came on here and we gave you the information and he
goes on here it's absolutely untrue and that fat fag over there he's lying and we're not being sold
about and uh guess what the next day comes out as well i guess uh maybe there's something to it
now he's going on a year saying things like well at least we don't have to worry about being sold
were owned by a stable uh well for crying a lot of the sale hasn't even been approved by the
commission yet okay you have been sold fat so and when we get sold we come on a year and give you
all the glory details how do you like that we give you all the the emis instead of us oh no we're
not being sold you're damn right we were sold and all i can say about that is thank god
we have an open line in date 7519 463 751 wild we got one on the green line area we're happy
i'm speaking for me for rick for suds for george wains not sure because he don't know which
society's on yeah wait a minute you know he just went out of giving the money to go to
Wendy's to buy the food without the abuns for the yankens better make sure he tasted first before
we started eating that food okay not that we don't trust you wain but you never know he's got
that cocks look on his push 12 minutes after 11 at wild at loranzo's italian center on the corner
of 163rd and dixie highway in north mime beach you'll find great specials everywhere in the
joint like at the pasta grill there's the 1295 dinner special featuring super salad drink dessert
and indifference on tray every day Tuesday through Saturday on Tuesday it's the vial shop on wednesday a
big juicy porterhouse steak Thursday the vial trio that's like today out of this world by the way
of had that several times Friday the seafood sampler in every Saturday the Italian sampler
the renzo's produce department scat louigie vatelli tomatoes for just 99 cents in the meat department
and they got the best the juiciest the most tender meat in the world at the loranzos they got top
but boneless steak just 399 a pound porterhouse or t-bone 899 a pound rib by 699 a pound sirloin
patties only 299 a pound also try first cut prime rib veal shops 999 a pound and fresh gray snapper
filet for just 999 a pound at loranzo's deli lean and rare roast beef only 399 a pound roasted
turkey breast 599 a pound the atkins diet products all waiting for like soy for the chini 299 a pound
marinara sauce only 349 a jar and the famous cheesecakes of course as always 499 over at Ben and
Bob's in western you'll find main salmon steaks 499 a pound live golden crabs a buck 99 a pound
dolphin filet 599 a pound live main lobster watermelon 49 cents a pound in cantaloupe only 99 cents 8
check them both out loranzos in north mime beach and Ben and Bob's in the indietray shopping center
in western ladies and gentlemen we're flying at an altitude of 3 feet that mark kill that I better
now kill hindery 2 to 6 p.m. on news talk and entertainment radio 610 w i o d
brachum hell it then they're killed them
oh i need your love john yes you know it's true i hope you need my love john to 50 bucks for you
oh oh oh me touch me use me bust me i need my share of love john
eight times a day i love you every day john just look straight after blinds
i think this is my best side get a tight shot of my behind oh oh oh me touch me use me bust me i need my share of love john
eight times a day eight times a day it's just a low ball average eight times a day it's just
been love to pay my bail who i need your love john that's twice as weak for you
i hope you need my love john my house payment is due oh oh oh me touch me use me bust me i need my share of love john
eight times a day eight times a day to teach my husband how to
eight times a day it's good to see you danick whale love me every day john you're always on my cell
you make me scream for page on cuz soon i'll be in jail oh oh oh me touch me use me bust me i need my share of love john
eight times a day eight times a day eight times a day eight times a day
yeah but wait yeah but wait a second
love an eighteen and wild the amazing mitch Lewis who's also part of the uh packs and uh
entourage over there you don't think he's gonna be doing some more stuff for us once and while do
you better damn well i believe he's gonna be boy he wants to or not we have two open lines in
day seven five one nine four six three seven five one wild and let's do a mobile in popano hello
good morning me oh when is to you i bought a web of grill man what a difference i mean i actually look
for this isn't stumpy is it uh stumpy jr yeah
my yes well anyway i bought a web of every time i hear every time i hear your voice i get like a big
twitch in my rectum but you know don't take it personal i watch but anyway the grilling is
fantastic on that web uh people can't understand how you spend five hundred dollars on a grill but
instead of but you don't have to spend that much but you obviously got the real good one and
that's a way to go i think mine was about three eighty something but boy it's a good one if
beats the spending is born in a change of the cheap one i got to three every two years
crazy but anyway i got the answer of the uh the year award my uh friend boss had season tickets
and his controller didn't want to renewal for the uh playoffs yeah so we bought four tickets
and the son of a guy what he did is he took him back so now i can't go to the see the get
i went to the first two rounds and now that's getting uh down to nitty-gritty into the seats back i don't
believe nice i as whole of the year well in other words i'm not going to see their stumpy jr huh
well you never see me there before i never i don't bother you no i don't see you i see see you
you're you've got this uh albatross over your head and that's the original stumpy who we
used to see there all the time who just uh is one of those guys you know he's an okay guy he just
don't want to see him do you know what i mean it's that voice i'll talk about the voice see you
but i'm going with the gravel that's good okay hey balkan lee kiss my ass all right good luck
you stumpy jr we have two open lines in dates seven five one w i d we still haven't had a report
on mission impossible not one is it possible that there's nobody in this audience besides that
the hyena guy that calls rick and suds all the time he's the only one that's all mission impossible
so far i can't believe that we could save people a lot of money or we could make tom cruiser hell
of a lot more money so we can get this exchange one way or the other if you just to let us know
now they're holding back as always here's plantation hello now yes sir
one byproduct of the io d sale yes you're reunited with sunny hursh and davel morn
i never thought about that how about that two good guys you admitted to uh that they he owns
the canes right right well who the care who cares about that you know i do okay well i'm happy for
like i said we got the canes we got the gators we got the noals we got the uh heat and we're
going to get the dolphins and the panthers and uh the marlins just so what's going to happen we
are you going to go all sports now why are people asking me questions like that do i know
yes i would think you would know i don't it's like you're assuming i knew what was going to happen
before eight thirty yesterday morning which i did not really nobody knew it that was the only
that was the only part of it that was well kept that was a great the well kept secret other than that
everything's just uh all the rumors are flying again i don't know now why wasn't so henry part of
the sale i just got to explaining that because for whatever reason cox is holding on to his contract
and he's going to work for them at some other place and he's not part of this deal i yeah really uh
that's all i can tell you the article says that cox insisted on retaining his contract
yeah now yesterday that's what it says that Hank sidekick was ripping you but what do i care about
that wait hold on hold on now i called up and i ripped this guy for ripping you yeah i told him
he had you have more but why would you waste your time doing that because Hank was Hank was
soliciting phone calls he wanted this guy to get his own show oh my god can you believe it
one thing you'll never be Hank is a program director i'll tell you that that guy that guy is like a
lead weight around fathanks ass that guy is so bad and so juvenile yeah he's like amateur
hour junior man he's pathetic that guy now in honor of buddy but taxing play the bible says okay
see i have a great day we have an open line of brown i wonder if that's on is that
i must be on here on branson news on here it's cut number 26 but of course i can't play it off
and i understand that i know that mr headshot mr headshot
but i was just looking on there to see if i can then i'll encourage people to know that
that's on there so they might buy this stupid that i mean it's great cd
we have an open line on a green line 18944
Hank said this and this one said that we're gonna start a new service it's called reta yento okay i
talked about that a long time ago and i think we got a lot of candidates out there and i called
them up the straight in about i don't care okay just keep giving us lots of publicity keep talking
about me and about iod and about buddy bud and about rickid son and rickid bud and this one and that
one we like it okay just spell out right like i said and like buddy bud paxon says my good close
personal friend the lord only knows he says nil is a great broadcaster and i don't want to be
one to disagree with my new boss it's 1124 at w-i-o-d news talk at entertainment radio
610 w-i-o-d which isn't right now so anyway it's 1128 at w-i-o-d we have an open line on a green line so
when looking for that damn the bible says that we put that on one of our best of
because it's not in the dcs i'm gonna have to find a card and it's on bokeh brides thing but
unfortunately his this bit he gave me won't play in this one cd deck it'll play in all the other
ones in the building it won't play in here what did i tell you unbelievable here's a mobile in my
Emmy hello hello yes sir hey nil good morning it was first thing the reason that uh
Hank Goldberg talks about you is because he doesn't have anything else to say because he's obsessed
about me he's like uh... you know he's a bore yeah let's face back pretty much you know when
the only thing exciting in sports locally that's going on is the panthers you know nothing about it
i guess that leaves you with limited material that's true it was the thing i was curious about i
know that you don't uh... you know have any of the business decisions in this whole thing
but are you personally disappointed if uh... fill Henry is lost because i think the guy's brilliant i
mean i just i'm just really sad that you know that we might lose him here well what do you mean
that we might lose him i mean if they send him to some other station else for me that the
thing in the paper made it sound like he's out of town that he's gonna be sent out of town unless
of course caused by some other station in town like an fm and they put him on air that's a possibility
i think it's too bad because i i think you guys you know really dovetail well let you know nobody's
been a bigger booster of film Henry that's because he's a great talent and he's a genius and he's
incredible but let me give you an idea this puts Greg from point and beach is a chronic uh... human being
and just and i'm being generous and saying that he says you must not be as powerful as you think you
are i'm very disappointed that you didn't demand that fill Henry be part of the package when
packed in bought you guys and he goes on the idea but i mean what kind of an idiot is this kid
like i have something to do with the negotiations like i knew what was going on here like i had something
to say about anything clearly he doesn't know how business works out oh my god talk about a
puts like i'm going to sit and demand this and demand that well i'm saying what do you think
it's a done deal they do these things behind closed doors and then we find about it after the fact
this kid better grow up and come out of the real world that's the way it works what do you think
about the possibility of fm there was that the article i read talked about that you like that idea
i like i'm open to any ideas as long as my check comes every Thursday and i'm having a good time
i'm open to any idea well there you go but i'm especially open to an idea like i said a channel
for you yesterday that we work for people who believe in giving us some promotion and some support
and some uh... you know marketing and getting some billboards out there and some tv and you know
giving us an opportunity to find some audience out there you i just don't know what these people
are thinking about their mentality is that all you do is show up and all of a sudden miraculously
everybody's going to discover you if you're any good i don't understand it i don't get it where
how do you do that i don't everybody yeah right yeah i don't get it either but let's appreciate it
and uh... you know i just hope that bill does uh... stay around because uh
i sure enjoy and i'm glad to hear you're such a supporter he'll be okay he'll be fine thank you
see you
we have open line in date seven five one nine four six three seven five one
w i do you that putz Greg from point and beat oh yeah you're not as powerful as you thought
i never thought i was powerful period mr hot shot mr. pin your pants go find a life up there
will you go get some new underwear go get some depends from june allison a quit wetting yourself
already get a life will you
well you can't do this and you can't if it was up to me they would have had a meeting yesterday
it said here we just cut your check for about two and a half million dollars or pain you off the
next three and a half years have a great life go over to at least spend a few months relax get
some sunshine and uh... and thank you for everything but that's not the way the real world works okay
once in a great while somebody gets something like that but uh... that don't happen to me
here's corals brings hello a new i got your mission impossible review
okay but they only took me an hour and a half i've been on the line for an hour it was terrible
it was the worst movie i've seen in such a long time are you cereal oh there was no
but the plot was just cut in half somewhere they were in every other country next time you turn around
there in one day and then there in the u.s and there in check with the vogue and there's like six
double agents in the film and it's just impossible to follow it was the worst movie
don't spend your money yeah i think the one paper gave it two stars or two and a half
well some of the other one gave it three huh
some set no gave it three yeah and they say the same thing i said there's no plot but for some reason they
like it and it wasn't there wasn't even a lot of special effects or
seems on gadgets and stuff that you think would be don't don't you think it's about time that some
of these guys got some original ideas instead of taking every t show tv show that's ever been on
the air and trying to make a movie out of a tv show every every tv show that's ever been on the
monsters the atoms family the Brady bunch every show that's ever been on we got to have a movie
about it and they can't even make a good movie about it right did you see the player profile in the
sports page this morning with the predict the vorai no i did not it says his nickname is dork i never
heard anybody call him dork dorky dorky and how did you see davel now what's paper is that
comes that all and i just see davel houry and the every day they're putting a poster sized picture
on the back page they had the the bees of the other day and now we got davel houry yeah and they
had windy skull the other day right that's a nice little yeah they're they're really getting
in with they're doing a good job with it i like that thanks a lot and the open
tax with the dispatch thanks for the good story okay have a great life we have an open line and
brown word five two four nine four six three five two four w i would be we have one on a green line
one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred do you care or not okay in
other words the fact that we're here does this change your life in any way or if we just
vanish tomorrow if you turn on your radio and we disappeared would you continue to breathe would
you continue to function as a meaningful human being and if the answer is no call doctor jack
immediately here's the four-letter deal hello how's going now great uh what's up with
entranel weekend eight eight read the newspaper and what they're talking about terry chris take over
for the weeks uh i don't like that haircut we think of those apples well it's better than uh
than uh tom white white junior did they got in there now yeah the girl Beverly yeah better than
uh huh do you think uh you'll do he did a good job of lighting this year yeah he only wants
to do three-year contract and he'll come right once a little bit of security and what do they
well i guess you know once he comes in it then it'll decide what moves they gotta make but boy they
gotta do a house cleaning they they've become so old man they got Dave ellett and Jamie McCown
and Larry Murphy who's slower than my grandma and they're old and slow man they got some good young
players but they got to get a lot of new blood on it too you know anything about their farm team
st johns yeah in fact that's tom watch just retired as the coach of uh st johns they got a new
coach here i don't know what his name is but uh not really yeah not really all right well uh
i'm out of material and go panthers go okay go leafs go yeah yeah leafs are in a lot of trouble we're
you know it might be another hundred years before they went other Stanley Cup come on let's do it
let's dig up boss to he wouldn't start all over again come on let's get bird on the step back
we have an open line and broward and johnny bower he still look kicking around how about Tim
Horton dig his ass up we have two open lines on the green lines one eight hundred who's that
on the bad line the red line is on air journalist oh no way oh must be as is a spy report is
something uh interesting uh no oh damn it well you know what these things are going on like this
i mean my phone yesterday i was thinking of myself just like with rimmer i was thinking if i
could get this many calls on the ears i'm getting at home today i could have a hell of a show
my phone was ringing people that i didn't even know were born still alive were calling me from all
parts of the country all parts of town uh men women children people that i haven't been out of
their mother's womb yet everybody and their brother was uh huckana trying to guess today because
there's a big news going on i'm not sure i know what it is yet i think we've been sold
it's uh eleven thirty five at wio d called her his back and better than ever with a return of
full card simul casting exciting racing action it's all going to start tomorrow by the way the
season promises to be the best ever with more ways and more great prizes to win opening days this
memorial day weekend tomorrow there's free grand standard mission and a chance to win more on
Saturday the first ten thousand fans at corder get a free gift this sunday and every sunday come
out for corder's fifty thousand dollar handicap in contest then monday this memorial day could be your
most memorable ever your most memorable day ever with a chance to win a million bucks and as always
you can enjoy the taste of corder with everything from bagels to jimaykin food the land corner
coney island dogs dunk in donuts and car realized cream so it almost a big opening weekend starting
tomorrow this weekend at corder race course is two block north of your robby stadium with exits
right off the turnpike post time one pm racing thursday through monday
when you law for sex and children from predators we're there to let you know
the status of under registries of convicted to sell and sexual predators and that the parents
in a community and law enforcement have the right to know that these individuals have moved into
the community news talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d nil god that damn fact that i can't stand
you're getting hit and your brides only twelve you need to stay in a special hotel and she's jailed
beta so make it day to dial one eight hundred eight go by your well hey this is the old killer
herself jerry lewis with a weapon you newlywad believe me i know how tough it is when you marry a
thirteen year old but it's even tough it is i do way to go on your honeymoon i mean you like
them i'm a man and she wants to ride a pony that's my i opened up the great balls of fire
honeymoon hotel every room has a lullipot seat back to him and we provide couple of
other champagne and chocolate milk just listen to them if they do your old roman stole
bill ramen and his teenage ride it's great yeah and the waiters even cut up my steak too
so come on cousins and kick in the jerry lewis take balls of fire honeymoon hotel
post black and they say when in Rome do like roman pole and scale
boy just do the romans it's eleven forty one at w i o d we got no put on a green line one eight
hundred you know the rest so anyway uh i just have a little piece of advice for everybody in
listening audience whether you're young or old don't trust anybody okay i know that's very
cynical and it sounds like a horrendous thing to say but just remember i told you that don't ever
trust anyone okay let's go to including us let's go to opalaka hello i do a nail okay sir
sorry for hanging up on your limb having a terrible day why what happened oh man it's just
been one thing after the other you know i can't pasta oh man it's just doing it which is one of
those bad days i guess i'm not as eager to do you are to be uh under new uh well to be new
management so why if you got new uh you're in a new position yeah yeah more like on my knees uh
huh get the knee pads up yeah right well they are you know it's just been one of those
frustrating days and you know just like a pianist i'd love for you to see to hear you go off
on your computer and just give me about two minutes worth of total nonsense and
vulgarity that's there vulgarity oh well you know what's all this computer what do you mean by
that you know all those yeah just like that that's probably the top of the line right there yeah you
can't get much bigger than that yeah but just kind of get me out of this mood man i'm just bouncing
off the walls okay pal just keep your chin up i'll do that and your knees on the floor i'll definitely
okay good luck to you so here's uh Deborah i didn't even recognize you it's been so long since i've
seen you and Jeff well who cares about him but uh here's Deborah and Jeff from the i works with my
stuff and oh that's right you were bringing that thing today i forgot all about it i forgot all
about it i'm sitting here acting like who are these people like you expect me to remember who you are
but you notice how nice my glasses looking how they're not scratched and pockieed up and i have the
other pair which i wear once in a while and these guys are the best and uh you got my spritz
what's all that stuff what is uh thank you very much
i'm gonna check your glasses and see your glasses are cleaner you're gonna pockie around my glasses
oh look at this she's got a whole bag full of crap see i've really i've reached the uh i've reached
the heights now i've sit here i just they bring stuff to me my room comes in here's me the haircut
in the chair uh JC comes in i get serviced in a chair i mean whatever you want you got it right in
this place and uh can i see the abuser thing because that's the big thing thank you so much Jeff
look at this it's a plaque and i mean a heavy duty this is like substantial this isn't some
got a chinsy thing and it's got a certificate of authenticity on the back mounted memories and
what an interesting name that is mounted memories or is that mounted memories and here's the beasur
and it says john van beasbrook it's got like a nameplate under the uh color picture and it's signed
autographed by the beasur this is an incredible thing this is sensational and we're going to give
this away to somebody yet today so you know screw those rats we'll get those rats uh today or tomorrow
we'll get those but that's chop liver compared to this let's do a thing where we just take some names
again today okay if the people that call i'm not saying we want to do this into a bag of thong
because that's really boring although we'll kill some good time i need a cleaning you need one
well how can you give that back i gave it to you and you're like you're being uh uh uh
geez don't be an Indian giver Deborah your screws are loose they were i had a loose screw that's
what i told them at the meeting the other day your screws are loose and they give me a real dirty look
you say you want to get paid from not all September i said like i said you guys have been pretty good
we have an open line in date 7519463 they couldn't have been real loose i wouldn't notice that
just a little tiny bit but it's always good to nip it in the bud as opposed to when the screw comes
popping out when you're like sitting there watching a game and you throw your arms up in a year
in a panther's score all of a sudden the lens pops out of your uh thing onto the floor and like
everybody grinds their feet into it and you have a little bit of a problem there are those uh okay
they look good they look they're worth great well what do you mean i'm doing a great job what is
there to do what you don't have any why am i some kind of a schmuck am i some kind of a uh
incompetent weasel oh look at that now i can actually see something god almighty george looks even
past you they did in the morning look at that yeah and i'm really dangerous because i can see
what i'm doing well that's great thank you guys so much you guys are the best what do you uh that's
our little little little rag there's nothing like having a little rag beautiful i work said 5540
south flamingo road it's right by public's there in kupers city right on the corner flamingo and um
and um sterling like i always said right not too far from my mother's thank you very much guys this
is somebody's gonna really appreciate this in fact i might just take it home now i'm just getting
we'll give it away today that's a beautiful thing thanks a lot and thanks for these great glasses
these are the best it's a pleasure and next time i'll recognize you so anyway we have an open
line and the green line one eight hundred well i'm getting old and feeble you know that george would
have told you that oh we already did so anyway it's uh we'll give this away to somebody some lucky
listener out there it's a beautiful i mean this thing is uh pretty damn nice courtesy of our friends
at die works in uh kupers city and it's even got its own box how do you like that it's a beautiful
thing we'll just take some names if you want to get on a list and uh before two we'll draw one out
and then you'll have to pick this up this is not something we're going to be mailing to you i mean
it weighs about five pounds it's like a big plaque it's like your regular uh gigantic size and it's
you know got the plastic thing over to it's just beautifully done an autographed by the geaser how do
you like that all right what that's a beautiful thing and the timing couldn't be better it's 1146
at wiod next time you read a video don't get ripped off by the big chain store as go to video waves
get yourself exactly the movie you're looking for and pay a reasonable price video waves not only
as the best price but the best selection too so video waves is the only place to go to read videos
period even if you have to put up with crazy mitch over 10,000 titles in stock all at the lowest
rental prices in town and right now if you wave you can rent these great movies powder american
president now and then jimangy what is that jimangy what is that am i pronouncing that right jimangy
kongy kongy kongy kongy jiu monji oh jiu monji because it was because it was made in hollywood
speak and of course video waves has all of your favorite jack warden classics too plus video waves has
the new kathy willets movie naked scandal the new kathy willets movie oh my god that's five library
rentals for five days is the upstripe for five deal going on right now too for only five bucks let
me say it again five library rentals for five days for only five bucks just a bucket movie so
okay ripped off by the big chain stores go don't go in there and give me your life savings to rent
a couple of movies head to video waves the only smart place for great video entertainment and
they can special order any movies you want to purchase like anything that's ever been made video waves
open every day 365 days a year you'll find them in tamarack on pine island road a half mile south
of south gate boulevard in the tamarack town square plaza in their open every day till midnight
column 7 2 0 99 80 7 2 0 99 80 if it's on video you'll get it there or they'll get it for you at video waves
use talking entertainment radio 610 w i o d
k if it's not so very hard to do
or a name of the game is the Bible days if you've been referred it the way we do tell people you know the way
invite them to your house make their possession the way
