Master patient went on. Okay, 1009 to W. I. D. Happy Thursday. It's a great day. I don't know what it is about this day
But I just have a real good feeling a real great feeling about this day not about the show necessarily
But just about this day right in the pit of my rectum. I got a great feeling about this whole situation today
Well, the trends are coming out at 11 30 and whether they're good or bad
Isn't really all that important at this point because we're kind of like lane ducts
Or maybe just kind of lane like the rest of the market anyway
Westinghouse bought infinity, which of course so what the hell is that gonna mean now for 3.9 billion dollars
Westinghouse already owns CBS infinity owns a whole bunch of stations and of course the Howard Stern show
Rumor is Howard's gonna be replaced by a bill stern
So you might want to tell your friends about that might kind of change the tone of the show
But that goes to show 83 the new chain will have 83 radio stations
So like I told you before these new relaxed rules what it means is about a half a dozen incompetent operators are gonna own all the stations all over America
Plus of course packs and communications, which will be the only competent operator, right?
We hope all God do we hope but anyway, it's one of those things
I'm expecting a ton of calls here today everybody's up at arms about the value jet thing holes and engines
Little minor things like that and the best part of it is is that Fernando Penga the
Secretary of Transportation did I dream that or did he really come down here after that plane crash in the Everglades?
And get there up with his push on national TV and tell everybody that value jet was perfectly safe to fly that it was a wonderful
airline they never stole a freight train and I think when somebody questioned that he said you mama or something like that in
Espanol and that was it so his ass is gonna be rolling to they're all out
They're all out agency sites airlines history of problems. They blast value jet for negligence
But how come now after 110 or 11 people died?
How come at this late juncture everybody's all been out of shape instead of before when you know
But hey, that's just America for there's no point in getting upset about things right?
Let's just keep a smile on her push just like Doug McLean getting screwed over those awards last night in Toronto, eh?
Doug McLean runner up to Scotty Bowman
You know I get so sick and tired of Scotty Bowman. I'm not saying he's not a great coach
I'm not saying he hasn't accomplished many things which other coaches never will but
The vote is taken before the playoffs of course, and that's the way it is in which case
Doug McLean still should have gotten it because Scotty Bowman had basically the same team he had the year before
Which was the best team in league and was the best team during the regular season again?
So what's the big deal they broke a lot of records, but so what did he do about that?
I just I can't see it and we knew I knew Jovon Aski wouldn't gonna get it
I told you was gonna be Daniel Alphardson or Eric Dazae and Alphardson got it and Jovon got seconded
Dazae was third for rookie of the year
Because again that didn't include the playoffs, which is when Jovon Aski played his best
But hey now we're talking hockey a little bit there. We don't want to get too carried away because you know
You know what the reasons are okay?
Let's get these phones exploding baby because I might have to read all those trends from every station
I may even have to read the numbers from the light bulb
We'll get that far down on list. I might even get far down enough to get QAM's numbers
How do you like that and that's pretty embarrassing?
751 WIO D in date we want to just a tremendous outpouring of emotion and enthusiasm here today
We want to hear from people that are going on vacations that have been on vacations
People had a flown value jet and came back alive. We want to hear from some really a bizarre stuff today
751 WIO D in date. I'm telling you I said here. Look at it those phones while Rick was on with that old bag lady
And I had a feeling that coming in here except for that paycheck was probably not the best of ideas
524 WIO D in date and 1 800 944 you know the rest
Club after ten is WIO D look at that one segment gone already just mow these on down
Maybe just plow right on ahead just plow through these get all the spots in take that paycheck walk out of the building with a big smile on your
Push walk out to the sunshine singing hallelujah
When you're hungry for a great casual seafood the play I think my arm is infected by the way anybody notice no one good infection when they see one
Lot of masturbation went on okay 1015 to WIO D
It's a great Thursday. We got a couple of calls there on the board
They're gonna really put the people over the edge today in arm sand. Here's the purple line. Hello. Yeah, Neil
Did you hear about the the judge who would be called to the blade trial?
Did I hear about the judge with regards to the blade trial?
Yeah, okay that would be got to okay. There was a problem with a criminal. They they caught some guy today
Yeah, and he was bragging that let him go leave oh
Give him a easy sentence and he was out doing stuff again. Yeah. Yeah, I was incredible. Did you left? Why was that incredible?
I didn't think that judge was that
This guy never shot anybody so I mean by comparison that pales into indowent significance. Yeah, they said it goes to show you the at least
She give her high marks for consistency anyway. Yeah, there's gonna be a major investigation into her and find out exactly
Why she never met a guy she didn't get off. That's what a Rex husband said when he called the other day
Let me ask you this were you at easy? We went to track last night. No, I was not. Oh, okay. I was just curious
Why is that because I knew that there was a big thing from F. T. L. there?
Oh, and here's another light bulb listener. We got one call on the board. It's a light bulb listener
No, isn't that said well, how would you know it's an F. T. L. thing there if you don't listen to the light bulb because of our
Rantel he was at that thing last night the rally at the church
Over on commercial that self-hating faggot was at the rally who the hell is he kidding? Oh?
Surprise. He isn't a loping with Dr. Kennedy. I mean, that's birds of a feather man flock together
That was an incredible route. One good thing about doctor. Why was that? Oh because I mean the people were yelling
I mean just a lot of stuff but they were yelling back
It was and everybody was dressed in suit and ties on their side and everybody else was dressed in shorts and T-shirts
Yeah, and it was just a lot of a lot of cockarise what it was exactly with the word they use in Nevada
Can a lot of cockarie going on here and one thing about dr. James Kennedy up there
Why he's consistent, you know like the Susan Lebo? He hates fags. He hates Jews. I mean, you know
He spreads it around a little bit a lot. How can this guy remain in power?
What do you mean how can you remain in power? Nobody elects him. He's he's the guy. He's the man
He's got the TV show, baby. You better get with it. You better put you up a little bit. I better wake up. Yeah
Okay, I'll wake up and sniff it
And thanks for being our first call today. It was horrible, but thanks so much. I tried. Okay. Bye-bye
He's try. Okay, that's it. That's our call for today
And I'm not joking either. I said here in the saw the deadest phone. Thanks Rick
Thanks for having that damn stupid unshaving bag lady on for like what was it three hours or whatever was
My god, I kept poking my that's why my arm is infected like that. I kept banging myself in the arm and a cart ran
It's stay awake the bag lady with the long unshaven pus
Man, oh man. I think she needs some pointers from Kathy
75 what
She could loan her lady, Bick
Probably a little bit dull by now. I would imagine
That's what they were talking about the one more is this man this woman this creature had a lot of facial hair
Oh a lady. I hear lady
751 W.I.O.D. and day five two four. I'll just keep giving the numbers out again till a trends come out
I guarantee I could do that. I hear Phil doing it a lot just
Just bang those numbers and I can't say that I blame him by the way
Let's read a promo for Phil even though it's not coming up this weekend on
Saturday June 29th Phil Henry is gonna be at home depot
And that's gonna be from 11 a.m. to 1 in the p.m. That's the home depot at the Palmetto and Flagler down here in South
So Phil Henry's gonna be there. They have all kinds of stuff to give away
I'm sure and you can bring some samples a hair for Phil and help him out
Here's a boi in beach. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. Hey, do you remember the brother that called like three days ago
Said he was a real businessman and all that how you were
Getting down on black people and all that other stuff
I want to talk about the burning of the churches right but he but he but he doesn't even listen to the show
He told me what I know he didn't want to talk about it. He said I should have been talking about it
Right well, but even though he doesn't listen to the show and he tunes into Phil Henry for comic relief
But he just happened to tune in early by accident. Yeah, right. It was a radio accident. Yeah, right. Hey
So last night or yesterday they arrested two suspects. Yeah, one of the burnings of the churches. Uh-huh
They were black. Yeah on their own church. How do you like that? Right and then the other guy to call yesterday
Happy cat church burners right the guy who called about the white opinion
Yesterday, yeah, he was really good. I mean he was one of my favorite rights
And then he didn't even know anything about the case
He didn't know what the reasons were the judge threw it out
All he knows that there's a white opinion and there's a black opinion
You know, I have my own opinion everybody has our own opinion
That's what makes America America and the world go around
That basically that decent people just aren't too fond of scumbags
I think that's what it comes down to it's got nothing to do with black or white
But there's some people everything has to do with black or white when they when they threw John Wayne gacy's ass in there
I didn't say oh, there's another fact being persecuted
Right, you know, it's ridiculous. I wonder what the fact opinion will be on that my I can't I agree like you say
I don't care if you're white. I don't care if you're black purple. Whatever
It's your stupid. That's another thing. Yeah, and if you start infringing on me, well that's different
You know, I mean I guess if you look kind of like light-complexed black, it's okay
Yeah, but I mean he's not too fond of people are like that real you know the super real real dark
You know like is it I'm not really confused because I've never been to Africa
But it's like Nigerians that are like real real or is it Moroccan? I'm a rock
We got a we got a bunch of like Arabs are going to be that work for us. They're real tired. I mean
I have to those are Haitians those are like
What do you mean they're nice people are all Haitians are nice people?
It's like saying all white people are nice people
People are people manage just as simple as that in every barrel full
There's some nice ones. There's some crappy ones. There's some more kind of like non-descript or like vanilla pudding and then you know
Well, I'm not trying to harp on that. I'm not racist or anything, but the thing is yes, you are
You know seriously sure you are and so am I what's wrong with why is it wrong to have like some racist feelings
I'm not like a virulent racist that's like anti black or anti this but I have
Feelings that are hard to suppress because you come into contact with some real assholes
We're like got a chip on her shoulder and who are totally unreasonable and just like with that OJ thing
We heard from people who called us during the OJ will never hear from them again ever as long as we live
I totally agree with you, but the fact of the matter is is when people black people call up and start
Rippen white people about these churches and racism and all this other stuff and come to find out
They just busted two black guys for burning down their church
And one of the other ones was some some fireman guy or some damn thing had nothing to do with racism and nothing to do with any of that
So but anyways, I guess I was better than a first call. I guess you were
Marginally better and at least you didn't talk about the light bulb. That was good. I never even heard of that
Thank god. Here's a guy that's almost got a life nice
The Unile congratulations. See you have a great life
Okay, thank god for a few of these people that are gonna call up and kill us some time to do that
That's all we're doing today. That's all we usually do, but we do it
We do it with some skill and panache every now and then but today it's just uh, you know
I don't want to say go through the motions because that would be a bad thing to say
You know when you're going on vacation you come in you go through the motions you record all your spots
You get everything together you get that last paycheck deeply into your wallet speaking of that by the way
Where's Leah? I saw her in the stairway this morning. She did not say here's your check
I know as efficient as she is she'll be running right up here any second with that big fat one and maybe a check too
We're gonna have a damn good time today with the elected or not okay?
Just keep saying that to yourself. We're gonna have a good time today as Mike Spindell would say you don't want to have a good time
I'll never forget that as long as I live there was just something about that about Mike Spindell
I'm sure you're out there listening Mike you're a great guy. You're a great American. We had some great times together
Some bad times together you didn't belong on the year, but you were a good guy fun guy, you know while Kennedy pressing
But that time at INZ when he just wanted to play fun in games on here. Oh, man. Oh
The cigar is killing me
But little sad pelagrino brings me right back to life. Do you like the way that works?
I don't think it's gonna work. I think the cigar has put me right over the edge too many cigars
I love cigars, but I change smoke them
Bad for you everybody I ever know who changed smoke cigars died of like a colon cancer stuff like that
right
Look at Weinstein Churchill man. He died. He was like only what 87 something like that
Could have probably like George Burns another example always had a big cigar in his purse
Didn't even make it to a hundred close, but not a match and the cigar goes but the big one goes back in the box
1023 at WIOD
WIOD
No, it's just a conspiracy against the flesh eaters the Jeffrey Dahmer thing
Yeah, all you flesh eaters out there
I think they ought to be really bent out of shape about the the Jeffrey Dahmer. There's the non flesh eaters and the flesh eaters
So what's the general opinion about the flesh eaters about Jeffrey Dahmer by the way, huh?
Two open lines in day 751 WIOD if we get a call on the green line from Palm Beach today to be quite a miracle
I'll tell you that I got another hour to kill before those trends start rolling in here
It'll will never make it. I'm telling you right now. We will never
I'm predicting. We'll never make it
And you notice how blase the public is first it was the Brian blades thing
I think that only those of us on the year and maybe about you know
1% of the rest of the public they don't give a crap about it. They don't care
They're used to it. You just condition people to accepting any kind of crap and that's it
Just like Howard Beale said with television. We'll tell you any crap you want to hear and that's true
Any crap you want to hear will whisper it in your ear and you'll love it and you'll laugh it up
And you'll say it's like the people that listen to Lordeus man
It's like listening to a stuck record
How long can you keep hearing the same thing over I mean we give you a lot of crap at least every day
We give you a different crap
But he just gives you the same crap over it over it over it over it over again
And they just love hearing it's like the people that kept you on to hear Hitler speeches every day
Here's mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going today fantastic? Hey, I got a question for you
Sad lights might be moving up towards the Ohio area
But my decision pins on if I can get a satellite dish and get the Panther games up there
Yeah, do you know if I mean obviously I know you don't know how the satellite or the thing in Ohio
But what does it have to do whether you're in Ohio? What does that have to do with anything?
Well, I want to know if I move to Ohio if I can get
Sunshine with the reverb on them and Ohio on a satellite of course great. Why not if you get the hockey package
I absolutely I got to have it and
We might be moving so if I'm going that's what my decision
Pins on yeah, so just wanted to make sure and though you were the not only the hockey expert
But the satellite takes yourself to small dish the small dish. Yeah, okay. I mean unless you want to get a big dish
But I'm just I don't know it's hard to recommend the big dish now because so many things are going off the big dish
And it's just not really the wave of the future really so the small dish is the way to go
Yeah, get the hockey package and you get the ton of games including most of the Panther games on here sounds great
Well, I'll get the small one and just wanted to check with you and tell you that if I don't talk to you
before I leave and
Guess that's it. Okay. Have a great life. Thanks. Good luck to you. There's another guy that's bailing out on us
They are all bailing out
751 W.I.O.D. We haven't had a tickle in date county at this morning
They're all lined up at the value jet office demanding that they fly more if they want real cheap
They're pretty pissed off. They're pretty sick and tired just because they got holes in the engines and stuff like that
And oxygen canisters, you know, heating up to about 900 degrees. They're pretty pissed off that they don't get those nice cheap
Fairs
Open line and Broward 5249463. I thought we had a takeer there on the green lines in Palm Beach
But I guess I'm wrong and nobody saw that thing last night nobody cares about the fact that Doug McLean got screwed over
See when you want to talk about stuff like that then they don't want to talk about it
When you do that all of a sudden
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil how you doing? I don't know
Listen, I'm still waiting for some signs of some tangible signs of life out there this morning. I don't see any
Okay, I think everybody must be going now. Hello. I'm listening to you. I'm leasing. I'm leasing. I'm leasing
Okay, listen. I'm kind of upset about the brine blade trial
Wow, we're gonna go on that again today
Ah
Let him play the game play the game play the game the situation is that I'm in trouble right now, you know, I mean what
They say I hit an officer and I didn't hit him on officer. He grabbed me. He went with your car
Sorry, what'd you hit him with your fist? No, he said that I pushed him and I never did push them
He tried to grab me to make an arrest
Right arrest or what?
What were you doing nothing? I was in person in a police. I was as if he's faded
Because he must he misunderstood me because I'm a private investigator
Yeah, and he were impersonating a police officer. That's a very common thing among the PIs. Yeah
But the thing is I wasn't I want you guys quit doing that try stop trying to play, you know, uh
Frank Cannon, but I wasn't doing that that's a thing
See, I wasn't in person and if you happen was who was a little domestic dispute on my residence
And then I came out and he started arguing with me and I told me, you know
I was a career-oriented
You know detective from Pompano, you know, he goes, oh, I want to speak to his origin
And I'm like, whoa, you know, I don't have a sergeant. I work at a detective agency
So he must have, you know, went deaf when I said that
But he wanted, you know, to screw me in there. He wanted to screw you
Yeah, me mean, you know, he wanted to take my license away, you know, my state license of the PIs
And now they so what's the point? I mean, this is all you know very fascinating sure
You know this guy killed some coma inducing. Yes, this guy killed someone accidentally
And here I am suffering going on a felony charge probably on a felony charge for pushing a cop
Yeah, that's a felony. Yeah, it's a felony. Oh
You know, I'm trying to get a job to a misdemeanor, you know battery that way I can let go
Yeah, this is trying to you know, get me on a year or two years, you know
I mean for these whapping a cop and a off. Yeah, well time goes by fast, you know
Hey, it goes by fast, but I'm gonna talk about the days on the wall. You take you a magic marker. Okay as long as it's not too sharp
If it's real sharp, they won't let you take it in there, but if you know kind of got dull dull end
I mean, you know, what if I go in there to a little of an accident? I have a feeling there's a lot of dull ends in where you're going
Well, you got a good lawyer. Yeah, I got a good lawyer. So what are you worried about?
Well, I'm done worried, you know, I mean it's weird because the judicial thing, you know
Tell the lawyer why to go in front of Judge Leibault. Okay, you'll be out in and out of that courtroom in five seconds
Okay, you'll go in you'll sit down. She'll say have a great life get out of here
Okay, bye. Good luck pal. Okay. Thank you. Okay
Judge Leibault. Okay, everybody makes a big joke out of this like she's sitting on the bench there
She's sitting on her hurricane colored robes. I mean, it's one thing to have a sense of humor, but to have orange and green
I thought that all the judicial robes were black
She's sitting in there with orange and green on her robe. Do you see that?
With the big go canes thing on a bench. It was almost like judge Eda with that Sony thing
They had on the monitors remember that and they got all bent out of shape about that for a while
And then of course we realized that judge Eda being Japanese wanted that Sony name in front of the whole world
What are you talking about that's where it's at man? That's why he got the in on that case
Judge Eda and Sony and incestuous relationship and I bet you Michael Jackson's involved in that too
Wonder if judge Eda has got any little sons. Here's Delray Beach. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Forgive me for I have sin. You notice the thing with Sony and judge Eda where everybody forgot about that
of course
And poor Doug McLean and Eddie my hero Eddie. Oh, I had no shot. You know what I got to tell you what I did
I feel like a radio or remember a couple weeks. I've never seen a Stanley Cup
So a couple weeks ago on Friday night. I was going down to see it down at the Sheraton down there
The Stanley Cup because I figured I wasn't going to be able to see it here unfortunately
And on the way down I slipped on the radio and I had it on six ten of course and you know who's on him tonight
That little talk show host Aaron. Yeah, that little talk show host. Yeah exactly
Well, I they were begging for callers to call in I'm actually a lesbian. Yeah, and I was bored and I was driving day
And I live in Delray for an hour drive so I called it. I was so embarrassed. I gave her a fake name
I told him my name was Ralph. I was the first caller on Friday night two weeks ago. Yeah, my vagina really gets my panties and a lot
Yeah, and so I won a game. I think I got some good. They would get they sent me some kind of a prize
I got it in the mail today not another one of those pocket rockets boy
She's been givenosa like crazy left and right right and left all over the place everywhere you looked his pocket rockets everywhere
I thought you'd love that I was I'm a radio or I just felt so embarrassed I had to give him a fake name
So in other words the show sucked in instead of like turning on a something else you called her up and you sucked around for something for free
You know what I
What did you send you? Huh? What is he send you?
It's a game for my fiance and I to play you know to get more intimate with each other
I don't know for crying out loud. I'm so sick in terms of all these you know add-ons or it's just ridiculous
You know like sex is so boring you have to like keep dolling it up with all these little games and dolls and instruments and toys and
I mean
It's like going back to your childhood all over again just sitting in a room surrounded by toys
I mean if sex with your mate becomes that boring. I say it's time to dump and find somebody new and exciting
That's what it's all about that's American way just ditch the pitch
Neil thanks very much. Okay, good luck pal. Okay. Happy hunting
We have an open line and on the purple line pound iod mobile one cell 18-tier wireless and the one in date
And we're starting to pick up a little bit of steam now now that that bag lady is gone. Thanks Rick
My god see he wanted to give me no he wanted to give me a handy crap
He knew it was my last day before vacation
He wanted to really throw a little impediment in my way just you know through a kind of like management likes to do here
Throw a few roadblocks in your way and see if you can hop over him high enough or happen to were running fast and hop and high
Maybe just like the rabbit. Oh don't start with those rabbits again
And I'm not playing that today no chance. Well kill some time
1035 at w.w.w. The trends will be out in 55 minutes. Oh, well, they be good. Well, they be bad. Does anybody care?
Like I said, I mean at this point it would be nice for them to be good because we still might have some bonus money hanging there in the uh, you know
Right that's something to think about
We nice to suck one more bonus out of these bastards wouldn't it? Oh man
That'd be nice to suck one more big bonus out of cox enterprises just to pith them off
And let's just hope and pray that even when those horrible tapes are on that everybody out there is loyal and keeps that radio cranked right here on
24 hours a day at least between 6 a.m. and the 6 p.m
At least between 6 a.m. and you know, Phil is not going to be here
But he's going to need some good numbers on there for that resume
So let's 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. Let's have everybody listening 24 hours a day seven days a week
Let's get the legions out there. Let's just to piss off the cox people
Let's have a 20 share when the sale finally goes through when they hand us over
Because I know that if infinity got what was it
How much 3.9 billion from Westinghouse for their stations
I know we could have gotten at least another two or three million for this one
Doesn't that make you feel really worth while that they gave the station and the building where they practically gave it away
Said here take it off our hands. We can't stand it anymore. We can't take it. We don't want it
We don't have the stomach for it, but they kept the armored car they like that
Yeah, but they do like the armored car. Well good
Good because if I ever saw grave robbers man
They're the ones they ought to hop right in that thing and just head on down to Hershey highway
Especially that little twerk bob kneel. Oh man
Talk about an appoli on a complex
Well, you know, I got better things to do the waste my time down here telling you people you're all out of your ass, but
Yeah, and by the way, we tried everything we could how about a little promotion Bob that was something you never tried
Well, that's expensive that cost of money. Oh
sorry
Sorry
10 30 how's Tim Horton doing by the way 1037 a WIO D at rest by the host
Gaster callers on WIO D or not necessarily those of the station or sponsors all WIO D programs are coffee right
1996 by WIO D incorporated no tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIO D
Incorporated gas Nick everything is so big a lot of masturbation. Why not it is the classic novel you never read in high school
Rewritten just in time for the NBA playoffs
Jane air Jordan
Jane air Jordan Emily Bromtees epic story about two lovers who want to go one-on-one for life
Oh
Love down my lane straight to the hole of my heart. I'm so happy. I'm going for a 360 jam
So speaking of air Jordan, let me ask you this question. I'm looking here
And I was listening to the Q way I'm a little bit this morning as little as possible
But of course when Rick had the bag lady, I want am I gonna do and I punched over there for about two minutes
And they were talking about a press conference Michael Jordan was having today
They were going to announce that either he assigned the resign with the bulls or he ain't coming back with a bulls
And they've given him like five trillion dollars or if they want to give them all that money
Why don't they just make them a part-owner of the franchise and then of course just give them a more reasonable amount on the
Yes, salary and you follow what I'm saying if they can do that
I don't know if that's legal and that would make more sense to me instead of giving them like a 20 or 30 million
But of course we know that no amount is enough like it said in the paper yesterday
No amount is enough. He's worth like I don't see nothing in here
So maybe somebody in the audience can fill us in because it's probably already happened
And this would be the last station where we'd find anything out
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Hey, I've been seeing you since that game five of the boss of series
Yeah, man, it's guy memory
Sure, okay. How could I forget you man?
You've been waiting heavily on my mind
I told you that I was listening to
Mandice last night and it was pretty funny. He was talking about the award
You know before they came on last night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know
McLean is the best coach out there, but unfortunately he's not gonna win it tonight. It's gonna go to Mark Crawford
I thought that was pretty funny. I hate to break the news to you man
Which but there was no chance I mean Mark Crawford was one of the three who were nominated
But it was done before the playoffs
So how in the world would Mark Crawford have ever gotten it?
Right. He said it was signed field and delivered
You know, he said sorry McLean. It's going to Crawford
That son of a bitch is huge. Yeah, but maybe that's why he voted for him
Yeah, that's why I let you know about that one. He's right on top of it again as usual man. Hey, what'd you think about
I'll get it
That's out by Alfred's and I thought does it would get it
You know before I'll be there. Yeah, does he had 30 goals? I thought he would get it
He came in number three, which surprised the hell out of me, but the Alfred's indeservate had a sensational season
Jovenoski really
First half of the season he was coughed it up a lot made a lot of mistakes
He he came on his best play was the very maybe the last part of the season and all through the playoffs
But the playoffs don't count into voting. It's all a dundee forehand. So he had no chance
Yeah, he's a stop pass making them fancy pass and just take it up ice himself
Yeah, he stopped doing that the playoffs. He was phenomenal
Okay, Neil. Thank you. Okay pal. See you again soon. I hope two open lines in day
7 5 D say later he didn't say that didn't he?
7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 W I would do we got a couple and Broward there Broward yesterday
We needed a spanking. I'm telling you that right now. They're a little pithed off and Broward about that
Date County arena thing being built now. Why should they be pissed off? It's never gonna come out of their pocket
We got our own great new arena coming up there and in fact we should be having a big party because now we don't have to be invaded by Mickey
Ererson and those goy-am
Yeah, he's surrounded by goy-am. I don't care what he is, but trust me when I tell you I don't care where his daddy is
They're surrounded by a lot of goy-am. You ever see Pat Riley in a show? I don't think so
Now nobody with her like that you can you imagine what he could do to your amulka without her do?
Oh my god. Would that stuff with that do with that divinity do
But he did say the pledge of allegiance to that meeting and day they're there now you notice in Broward
Remember we had to go through all those meetings after meeting and deadline after it was a traumatic thing before we finally got to deal
Signed squeal and delivered on the arena, but indeed
They just had this one more meeting here and a couple people got up and spoke and some people were pithed off
And some people said hey, yeah, whatever you want Mickey and
Tony Ritter and that was it
That's it. Okay. It's a done deal. Okay
And uh, who was the cheerleader there? I think that when they have the parade that the
The guy semen's from channel six is gonna be the parade marshal
He's gonna be like cheerleading and doing his pom-pom
Atta boy I nice to have some good objective reporting in town finally
Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello
Top of the morning to you, Neil. When is the smago?
Coma style
Speaking of value jet why do they always ask Jordan what his opinion is on how you know I didn't know Michael
I didn't know Michael ever flew back
I don't I don't know because he's got so much credibility
I mean it's like asking the Fox if you know the the hens are safe in the house
Well, they had one of the hens on good morning America the other morning
They had a flight attendant on and they asked her or Charlie Gibson asked her exactly what the situation was
God yeah, what the situation was on value jet and she says it's horrendous
She says every time I flew on that thing which was just about daily since she worked there
The lavatories were overflowed the aisles in the plane were filthy
She says and I am no
Pilot or mechanic she says but you know
Sounds that were coming through there and and things that just didn't sound right
She had worked obviously for another carrier before this and
She must have known what she was talking about
But she says the jump stage for the flight attendants were held together with duct tape
So this is what you get when you buy a seven-year-old airline
Okay, a plane that's gone through at 550 miles an hour at 35,000 feet for 27 years
This is what you get and the public loves it because
The fare is right
Oh, it was cheap baby. It was cheap
So if you don't value your life that much that's what I said
That's what I said after the crash if you place a very low value on your own life
That's live value jet
It rhymes and it works and that might be the good slogan for the next campaign
Right, they could instead of that silly cartoon on the side of them
Make a comeback they can put a little casket on it
And maybe they can include that in the fare they can have a discount deal this compound coupons
Yeah, you
We fly them and you die them
Okay, all right, thanks pal. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I value jet
I'm sick and tired of these people that are in the you know in the slip shot business
But I don't I don't really blame them
I don't blame them because the government is supposed to be there looking out for the public and the government are a bunch of assholes
Okay, no matter where you look this government are a bunch of assholes
And these idiots ticket on here like Alice Rantel and all these other silly little people. Oh, it's the liberals
Now it's the conservative. They're all the same. They're all that you know, there's a bunch of bull crap
They're all a bunch of thieves man. They got their fist in your pocket and their squeezing and twisting it in the
Ancena don't even feel good. They're grabbing every dime. They can
Why the hell would anybody want a job like that and the kind of money that they're making?
Why would anybody want all the grief and the service and the aggravation unless of course there was
Something else at the bottom of the up at the pool like hopefully one of them
So I was Vince Foster doing by the way
We have an open line in
How's Bud Foster doing mobile one cell 18 T wireless by the way when you see jack lebo over there tell him a Jake Foster
God we're not doing the spot right now, but it just came to mind
You keep one kind of wonder jack lebo is one of those real
Officionados of harness racing who knows all those trivial names from back in Detroit racing man like
Gordon Norris and Howard Niles and Willard Niles and Pepe relco and Red Ross and sandy socks and Tommy win
Yeah, he is worse than me
And here comes Joe Mars Jr. On the outside
All right Joe hit him again baby up in a year there goes my 200 down the toilet
Okay, here's a lady in the bokeh. Hello
Hello
Lady in bokeh
Oh, she's slow
Hello
Yeah, wait
I'm waiting wait and I'm waiting I'm waiting I don't I can't afford the luxury of not waiting
I nailed it
What's up?
Oh I watched the award so last night too
Yeah, yeah, I felt bad that our coach didn't win that was a screwing man. That was a real injustice
How about all that deputy do in Mario's hair? I didn't see it. I didn't watch it. Oh god the grease was running through my TV
Anyway, I tell you one thing. It's a good thing. He don't apply me
We'd love to have him on the team, but we'd have to get rid of the basketball tingers
There's no room for him and Pat Riley in the same time
You're off and Jimmy Johnson and and uh very Melrose can you imagine that? Yeah, they'd have to borrow Reagan's old Kiwi shoe polish
We watch the show on the CBC. Uh-huh. We have the big dish and I'm gonna feel really bad when I go digital when we can't watch it anymore
Well, I'm pretty sure what you that's right at that point you'll have to invest in the small dish
But they're not gonna get CBC. Oh, yeah, they will they will it's not gonna be next year
It's gonna be the year after I've been reading um do you get satellite TV week? Yeah, the big the big guide
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we've been reading that Canadian corner column
And it looks like you know the only thing that's a hang up on any of this is the
The friction between the two governments is in terms of who pays what for the rights and all this other ballooning
And it looks like that's gonna get straight down in fact
I think we're gonna get TSN the sports network from Canada on a small dish next this coming fall. It looks like
I was thinking I might have to get one of those digital decipher things, but that's still isn't gonna work
I'll settle it but if the little dish has it that'll be even better right
It's just to see the digital decipherer the GI thing is coming out in September right and that'll be great to
Watch a lot of the stuff that's gone digital like KBL and Empire
Uh, no cuz KBL is not on a C band at all anymore though not those but some other stuff
But anyway, but the Canadian stuff they don't use the same system
So you won't be able to be scrambled at anyway
Well, I hope we can get on the wall. I'm gonna tell you one thing
I'm gonna declare I'm gonna declare war on the US and Canada if we lose the CBC
I was thinking about that driving to work this morning. Yeah, we better not. I know. It's a great
It's great boy. Do they know how to do it man? It's one of the great things in life
Listen Neil. Yes, I started the atkins about when you did about a year ago and how you doing and you were asking how we were all doing
I wanted to tell you that I lost the way I wanted to lose and I'm feeling great
And not eating any of that sugary carbohydrate type food
And I wanted to thank you and I also wanted to say I'm gonna miss Stella one he goes and I think it stinks
It does think yeah, but there was anything we could do about it, but I guess not no there ain't
All right anyway have a great vacation thanks, and let's see when you get back all right. Bye. Bye
There's a lady with a satellite dish. She can't be all bad. I'll tell you that
Can't be all bad if you got a dish you're like open up to the rest of the world
If not you sitting in your little cocoon with your little cable TV and your remote control
And you just you're you're like a prisoner you're like a victim you're like Patrick McGuin on a bad day
And who the hell was number six?
We have an open line in the apurple line mobile once L 18 T wireless pound iod
We have one in date 751 w i would be we got one in brown at five two four nine four six three
And the green lines you might as well forget about them
You might as well just take and physically rinse those things right out of the phone board
Because there isn't a trinement chance in hell that on a day like this with as little going on
There's just no substance today, you know
It's just like you feel kind of drained
There's just not we've got the a Brian blade thing that everybody's up to there is we're fed up with that crap
Or fed up with crappy judges or fed up with the government agencies that
Ingepardize our lives and let airlines fly with gigantic 40 foot holes into plain stuff like that
We're pissed off about it. Okay
Just like i keep i keep thinking back to that line man with Diana christian sit in network where she says
They've shot themselves up eff them so i almost said it eff themselves limp
And nothing helps anymore and that's the american public we've had it we've had it okay
We don't know what to do about it, but we've had it
Just
Enough to make you want to roll down your window and scream
Oh
1053 at wio. Did you need to know both jury and america should be forced to get fever
Simply not enough facts to allow this case to go to with jury or to allow a jury to find and guilty of man's book
This family is completely elated
The best news talking entertainment radio
610 wio
Shannon i'd partner we all know how Shannon falters courageous three hour half a day attempt to enter the citadel ended at hell week
It hurts to quit
Oh, and i don't think i look good on the shore
The Shannon story started two and a half years before hell week and now
A B C lees presents you can go to hell i quit the Shannon falter
Up and out of Shannon time to work out let's go
Everyone in the falter console new Shannon would have to be in tip top shape to complete the rigorous training at the citadel
I can eat
Or better recon that third 12 more twinkies where that one came from
Learn how her rigorous trainee changed everything
Shannon we're gonna have to break up
This citadel things made you too much woman for me
If you ain't gonna finish your prize can i help you can go to hell i quit the Shannon falter story
It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life
You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks
Sunday night on a b-sleeze when in doubt turn it around oh i'm sorry
1058 at ww. I would be we got a kind of a weak board going over here
But you know something we'll take whatever we can get today
It's just one of those things you know just one of those things it's June the 20th and tonight at 1047 pm or whatever is the first
Night of summer summer starts officially why why do they do that is it like where the moon is
How do they determine the official thing on where when the seasons start because they on the weather channel is morning
They were saying summer starts at like 1046 or 7 pm. I think they have to check and see where the
Is it's the sun the sun
Souls to see Quinox that oh give me a break the sun
Where who the hell's gonna be watching seeing the sun who's gonna be seeing the sun down here at 1047 tonight, huh?
They may be seeing a few stars especially on south beach. They'll be seeing a lot of stars
Think be nobody seeing no sun tonight
Okay, let's load these phones up here for the next big hour because the trends are coming out at 1130
Anybody want to make any predictions?
Anybody want to tell us about those best of tapes that start tomorrow again and run through all the next week on his show
We want everybody what are you what are you smirking about you're the one that puts them together Mr. Smarty pants and your hell of a job
Yeah, right. That's not what I heard pain staking work
Yeah, and then of course you're not here and they want to play in the same one over there's nothing like coming back from vacation
And having 16 people call up and say oh, guess what they ran the same tape 45 times
You hang on across see how you like it
I used talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D
This is jocelyn elders and I'm mad mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to fire me
Just hold her the hell they think they are all I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers
Maybe a jussie homes have busted champ or a new gengridge have butters the corner a little more
There wouldn't be so uptight
Flogging the dog never hurt anybody and if people did a little more of it we might say some lies
Hell of Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey he'd even be in less hot water
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
See dick run when you see dick run
Get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crouch crickets
Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there y'all in hair harbor
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle
Pump the python walk the door wax the carrot or tickle the taco we'd all be better off
And that's all I have to say now
I'm going home now and see if mr. Elders wants to pop it into toaster and hail a oyster
And buzz the grill a lot of masturbation went on
1106 at w.i.o.d
We have an open line in day
It's 7519 463 751 that of course is managed describing his time at the University of Michigan to open lines in
The green lines here in Palm Beach
1 800 944 9463
But is that what she was talking about parking something in Ann Arbor or was that harbor and then of course
We got the trends coming out at 1130 which mean absolutely nothing to you. What does that mean?
Well, it's the ratings okay, which the trends is like every month. There's another turd another third of the
Rating period, which is like three months January February March April, May and June you follow what I'm saying is in quarterly
So this is the second trend of the spring book you guided are you following me now?
Are you keeping track of these important things if you're going to be a real radio group?
Yeah, if you're going to stick with the a.m. And all that crackly and popping that goes on on days like these which is every day in the summertime
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir on journal and back to you know I had either been
Chica rally and the and the cream in the crop right Russia and five Russians. Yeah, and Chris on's good
And Paul coffee and my two year old son could have coached him to that record. Yeah, it's really a very
Distressing you know, it's there should be no contest and and see no coach of the year should mean
It should be an award for somebody who makes miraculous accomplishments far above and beyond and does a brilliant job of coaching a group of athletes to
Even exceed the expectations and play above their school level and a dog McLean is the only one you could say about that
I mean even Mark Crawford, you know, he did a good job
The avalanche were a hell of a team the year before they made the playoffs the year before and
You know they added Patrick Roy frog and that was it
But in our case who the hell expected anything and we led the conference for a good part of the season
It's still a lot up with home ice advantage with 92 points. What the hell could anybody expect?
It was a miracle inside a bull crap. Yeah, Scotty bomb
You know, they got to give them one more big award before it goes to that
And half the players right here half the player supposedly hate his guts. Yeah, they do
So you know, what's that all about? I don't know you have that's Dino
Or Rimmer all right, man. Okay pal. I'm with you
Two open lines in date County were pithed off because we know Doug McLean is the best
He's the brightest and the best he's got that real need here that never is out of place
He's one hell of a guy and up there at this at the summer side in the PEI right now
I guarantee you sitting there at Tim Horton's donuts and probably high-fiving with Tim Horton and Alan Stanley and Carl Brewer and Bobby Bond
And remember back to all those great leaf teams of the 60s when they won four Stanley Cups in seven years
And probably punch him like sitting around there with foster he would now and recalling it many of those great goals
Including the one from Bob Bond when he scored with a broken ankle and won a game and over time
We all remember that don't we of course not if you don't remember male Alan how the hell can I even pray expect unless you're from Toronto a
Oh, thank God we got a few English-speaking conucks down here the frogs get rid of them
But a few English-speaking conucks can't be all bad
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
I'm here. I'm here and you're there
Listen I wanted to call you sound like you're in the bottom of a sinkhole
Well, that's because I want a portable phone headed for the other phone to turn it off. Okay. Here it goes
How's that? Is that better?
It's a little better. Yeah, I expected something much more dramatic, but it's yeah, it's okay. I went by that
sugar-free shop yesterday
in
credible
Unbelievable. I've lost 88 pounds on the yackens been only for a year. Uh-huh since you start raving about it
I'm a diabetic
Blood sugars look great great knocked my insulin in half beautiful
They tried glycerides a cholesterol my doctor told me don't do the great. It's a bad diet. Yeah
Now he's a firm believer he's recommending it to his other diabetic patient. Yeah, tell you tell you doctor one thing
Yeah, yeah, I every day
Something it lost Neil. I don't know what this frozen confection they have there
It's not a yogurt. It's not an ice cream one gram of carbohydrate no fats
No cholesterol and it is delicious great. I've got to change cake and refrigerator. I haven't tried it yet
Believe me. I will the pancakes
That's talking around three years nobody made pancakes out of it. It's an athletic family. Yeah, pro 90
Unbelievable man. Okay. Keep up the good work pal. Go Panthers. Okay. Love your show and see you
Two open lines in day 751 W I O D one and Broward 5249 463 and we have two on the green lines there in Palm Beach
We're still waiting for a call from Palm Beach today if we could just get one we don't even care if it's a bonehead
We don't care if it's a mole-ron we want to call from Palm Beach just to prove that we're still on the air up there
Okay, we still on here they put the a screen up yet
Because rumor has it that some people out there get a little pithed off
Here's a South Miami on a purple line. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? All right. Listen. I just wanted to thank you
I know I'm probably one of six million other people that have told you ad nauseam that
Fork her me on the hockey and
I also just wanted to let you know that I'm going on vacation as well tomorrow. Where you going?
Ah, I love special New York City yeah, New York. Well, actually I'm on Long Island. Oh
Yeah, just celebrating
We're gonna safe on Long Island where you'll be safe. Thank God for that. Oh, yeah, don't go out of the city man
Don't go into Manhattan. Oh, yeah, well, I can take that Long Island subway
Of course if I hopefully won't get chapter death. Yeah, but you never know see how to burn you too for me tell him
He's okay in my book. Okay, you bet. I will now just celebrating my cousin's high school graduation
It's kind of like a mini-femmarie reunion and Lord knows I need the break
Um, so of course that's why I'm bored out of my mind
I'm like cleaning up my room and packing and has nothing else to do with it
It is pretty boring here right now when you come right down to what you know in fact
boring would be an understatement you got mosquitoes the size of watermelons
You got a bunch of geeks out there driving on a highway as an impediment to your success and your enjoyment of life and other net
And of course these tremendous thunder boomers every day that like just totally destroy any chance of going out and doing anything useful
So other than that it's summertime is a great time here and don't forget you can watch the
Dashboard on your dots and just melt away and you can watch the boofo toads hop right over your friends in the just sit around and the stereo in the push
So that's right. That's another great thing university of Miami gave us not every not every dastardly
Jock that money could buy but also the boofo toads they brought them in here and the turned them loose
Absolutely, man. Listen just one quick question before I leave um what
What can you recommend? I know you've discussed this before as far as someone that's trying to get into hockey
Then before that grew up unfortunately with the dolphins all of his life
What other any books or are there any videos or anything that I could I could
Gantt or purchase to try and learn more about the game. No
Oh
Well, thanks. Well, what do you mean by that?
When you say learn more about the game. I don't know what you know
What do you know? Well, too, you know, they're in roles of the games
You know, I think it off side you know, um, huh
Learn learn the rules of the game and the history
Well, the rules of the game the history of the game. I don't know where you're gonna rag. I guess you get a
The olive books doers will have books about that. Oh, okay, but they got that video
I'm sure I think schlockbusters do has got that video teach you the rules, you know that little Peter puck type video
Right
Well, how long you been why how long have you been watching it?
Well, I started I went to my first game back in February before they had to be still don't know the rules yet
I know some of the rules like what?
Spiral real simple stuff like the uh the new trozone which is the circle where they face off at the beginning and after they score a goal
uh the blue line is the neutral zone isn't the circle where they face off at the beginning that center rice the neutral zone is
Everything between the blue lines. Oh everything in between the blue line is the neutral side
Well, I'm being taught by a friend friend of mine from San Luis
Who are you? Well, you're frail from San Luis. What the hell do they know about hockey and saying Lewis?
Even Dan Kelly knows they didn't know nothing about hockey there
That's why they gave Wayne Gretzky all that money. How the hell they make out?
Oh, who knows? Sweet by the Leafs and that's about it and they were lucky to do that
Yeah, they were like I'm surprised even went to seven games. Yeah, I'm hoping they'd just beat him
Just uh, so so just right would would fall fan out even further further
I just wanted to make Gretzky, you know, I'm embarrassing a little more
Yeah, well, hey, I noticed was Gretzky who coughed it up to Isman before he scored the winning goal in game seven nice going Wayne
Yeah, go get that video and go get a book and tell your friend he doesn't know squad. Tom. You'll see him in the neutral zone
Okay, okay pal
See, yeah, or the twilight zone two open lines today
By the way, don't be a Bruins fan man because they really suck they'll break your heart every year every year
They'll just tear your kishkis out. They're still hucking a china Bobby or okay fine
He was the best, but that's a lifetime ago. Okay. That's like talking about Frank Mahavallich
It's ancient history you can't live in the past
It's like man which with that 72 and 73 dolphins
On and on and on and on and on get that greasy build-up out of your hair man, which
Boy
And you imagine all the all the locker rooms style hygiene studies famous for now just as a broadcast
Do you can imagine when he was a player in that locker room a lot of masturbation went on 1115 and w.y.o.d
There's another kip pruer fact. I will never die
Now what do I mean by that? I'll be back in the mold to explain
That's me
Hill hindry two to 60 m on news talk at entertainment radio
610 w.y.o.d
So Sarah just called me a sheeny whatever that means
Anyway, it's 1118 the w.y.o.d
We have two open lines today at 7 5 1 boy. Look at the food that Wayne just brought in here. It's a good thing. He didn't want any lunch
Wayne Arnold and Murray sent over little something today a little something the carrier's through
Titus through the rest of the day of course on the Atkins for me no buns no bread
That bread give it to the sugar get one of the cookies get rid of the starch get the starch out of your life and out of your pants and out of your ass
That's what it'll do for you. What's that a bill?
Yeah, a likely story Wayne when you're going to pay for those spots Wayne
Just a joke Wayne just calm down
When's pony tug of to pay for his spots
Yes, one thing about our accounting department downstairs talk about double billing
Okay, let's go
What is it? I don't care if you talk. What do you mean no bread? Is there nothing in there? It's got some bread for you boys
Just give me my sack and get there a lot of here
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm glad I'm glad. I'm glad Neil Benissimo. Yes
When he's away see Neil I gotta tell you guys you and Phil get me going all day long man
They don't want to know was that I said right? Yeah, you guys I'm sorry. See this
See where I see this all right you got good eyesight but anyway, you were saying I'll say you know what is it?
What the heck who's behind the station? They want Neil out of there. They want Neil out? Yeah. No, no
You don't understand they don't want him out. It's Paxon bought that you mean Phil right? Is that what you're saying? I'm sorry
Don't be sorry
But no it didn't work that way was that Cox kept his contract under very suspicious circumstances here
And we don't know what it's all about and you guys had no idea those coming at all. No, it's really sucks
I mean are they planning for the what are they going to replace them with are you?
Positive
I don't know I'm positive that we don't know that I have no idea we haven't had one
No board of communication with them in weeks. I don't know what's going on when the sales gonna go through August September
October something like that well that really sucks
How are they going you know something I would say that Phil Henry is basically irreplaceable
I mean nobody I mean there will be some body in here
And I don't want to make it difficult for wherever it's gonna be but how do you replace a Phil Henry exactly?
How do you get somebody as psychotic as he is? I mean that kind of sounds like we come around every corner of the street
That's right
I don't get it. I want to congratulate you on stick all the actions died. I personally never done it
But I heard great things about it. I've lost a heck load of weight not on the actions all the diet
I want to ask you on the actors on what other died. I'm sorry. What other died actually? I've been doing a lot of cardio and
And keeping my calories a little bit low
Go on the carbohydrates, but not completely, you know go off of them. How old are you 23? Yeah 23 Siri on punk so you can do a whole bunch of stuff
No seriously because you're no, seriously your body is much more resilient
Yeah, when you're young. Yeah, when you get to be an old fart man
I'll tell you everything just like kind of sags down there and it's just oh man. Yeah
I'm gonna get a search party to find your apparatus
You do it mids old the Lakasha folds
Hey Neil, I want to ask you on the actors. Do you exercise at all?
You got to you really have to I got on that treadmill for 20 minutes the other day
I'm gonna like I got to do it every day. You have to do it every day something, you know
Yeah, you got to do it vigorously every day in some exercise too. Yeah
Well, listen pal hang in there. It'll be okay. Yeah, I gotta shame this request. Yes, sir. Whatever you want. That'll kill some good time
Neil, you play one day long and a bit too. Yes
It was you played a couple of weeks ago. I think
Announcement from the National Association of Stupid People not to meet
The National Association of Stupid People is that the ACN thing he's talking about George
Who is not listening to me at all?
I'm talking to sonny Fox. What? Sonny Fox? No, no, no, no, it was for people for stupid people not to meet
And if you're gonna make make winning that with an animal
That's preferably smarter than you. I was a big hit a couple months ago. You played it like two or three times
It was I have no idea what it's called. I'll find out dig for it all right great and the bit too
Ostechee old me to some ego have a great day Neil. I'll read you there. Take care. Okay
Take audio likely whatever you want our food is yours
We have the deadlines are empty man. Daydelines are wide open now after enthusiastic young boy like that
How in the world can the deadlines be open? You just just scratch your head
Did you scratch your ass? You wonder what is this all about?
7519 463 751 W.I.D. It's a number. It's a free call. Baby. We pay the freight and all these calls
We got these lines and here we got 50,000 lines so we can all sit here and look at most of being empty all the time
So game plans 751. I'm not moving till the deadline starlight. I'm not doing no spot
I'm not doing nothing. I'm going on strike
Do we start getting lots of these holios in there now look at this the faxes are starting to pour in one by one
Neil and the panties succumb down for the crowd in another asshole
Say he's got a new this is the guy that usually does the hand and he's made three different transitions
First it was a scrawl a hand-writing where you see I don't read him
I just throw him in a waist basket after like one or two words see it's from the same jackass and they all go in a waist basket
So why you wasted your time asshole
He's upset that Westinghouse put out infinity and Howard's been replaced by Jim Bohanan
Let's say only God saves more than the beezer
Uh, but bapah alfowl
Okay, alfowl. I've seen that. That's a beautiful thing only God saves more than a beezer
Why is the panthers coach in peeping eye? I don't know what that means. Oh peeping eye
You like that? He's from summer side peeping eye
Uh listening to you a feel it makes me feel rosy and fresh all over you are my god signed bud packs and all right
Okay, eleven twenty four at w-y-o-d for your decal
Did you got your mobile phone you're out there driving around with all those geeks on a highway at the pound i-o-d
Just pick it up and just press that can you finger that out pound i-o-d and that's it and the green lines
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. Where are you going Neil out of town?
A vacation. Yeah. Why why do you need a vacation? You don't even work. Yeah
You think you want to sit here and try talking to assholes every day for four hours?
I do it for eight hours here doing what
About the same about the same one same as you know, but i'm not getting paid as much. Okay
Listen that guy wants no boh-hockey. Yeah
Tell him to rent slap shot and move up to a trot. Oh
Yes, slap shot. Okay, there's a guy really knows this stuff slap shot with a handsome brothers
Oh, and i'm right in the middle of my lunch
Slap shot people that don't know anything about the game think that's a great hockey movie slap shot
Those of us who love and know the game we hope the handsome brothers die in a plane crash on value jet or any other one
Two open lines at date county come on now the trends are coming out in two minutes
We would you know we want to be able to sit here and eat you're the ones that are supposed to be doing a talk and not me like the guy says
It's a soft job
That's why at two o'clock every day when i race i run outside this building i feel like i just been working on his chain gang for 55 hours non stop every day at two o'clock
Not that i'm complaining mind you because i got my check in my wallet firmly against my cheek
But hey, that's what it's all about but hey
Here's uh Atlanta allegedly. This couldn't be Dennis could it. No, it's not me. How you doing?
Damn it. Yes, sir
One ramy is just to move up here and transferred uh, huh and uh see they miss us out of town
This guy's called from Atlanta in town. We can't buy a call but out of town. He loves us
Oh, don't think it's me a chance to listen in on the looks of mine for a little bit
Because you know how to state a radio is up here ws b
oh
Oh boring that's what the beast stands for boring
terminal it's i'm know is picking exactly how do you like that kneel boards
I don't even want to get into it i mean it's just uh
Unbelabel. Yeah, exactly any station that would put David Paul on the year i rest my case
It's just pathetic
pathetic would be the best words to describe it and this is supposed to be the big time compared to uh my amy
It is well that's what they think up here. Yeah, we'll come back now
And i'm gonna tell you uh that airport up there. It's impossible now
You can't you couldn't squeeze a cockroach through that place. It's so jammed up
It's him it just impossible and impassable
I tell you how much i missport water the airport you get in and out and buy it
I love for a lot of time. You know something that's getting bad too
Uh, nothing like that. That's getting no nothing like Atlanta, but it's getting congested and confused and uh
They they love to lie and it shows they don't know what the hell's going on. It's uh too much
So what's what's the deal with uh tax tonight? They're they're buying the ui of the out or what right
Oh
Well, what does that mean? What does it happen with Phil? I hear Phil's leaving the thing Phil is leaving because Cox retained his contract
And he's being shipped off to Siberia and uh, he's gonna. We'll open Brian Cox. I don't know yet, sir
Huh you think i'll send him up here?
Well, I'll tell you right now he ain't going up there if they want to send him up there
He's not going to Atlanta. There's no chance. He's already had one experience up there
And I don't think that's going to fly
Hopefully he's going to LA to kf i which is you know the big time. That's uh, I think he's going there
Well, at least it's a step up. Thank god. Right
Well, I tell you you know, it's uh, we're pretty bummed out about it because we had a good thing going here
But uh, you know, that's what they do best is screwing around with success and they weren't making enough money to keep the eight billion
Dollars afloat and uh, we're just like stepchildren
You know while we're gonna get rid of you guys your pain in the ass and that's it
But you're still there and there's no no threat to that
No threat to that man. I got three and a half years left on my deal and it's written in stone. It's engraved in bronze
Well, that's that's good to hear at least I'll know I'll be able to call up every now and then and uh
Sneak a listen when my boss isn't around anytime especially in the summer when we have no calls
That sounds great to me. Okay pal. Have a great life. Listen. I just say one thing. Yeah
Rabbi see you Toronto Maple Leaf fan. You're still a douchebag. Oh
Okay pal. Okay, happy
Succes exactly
Succes. What is that? Oh
Boy, even my yiddish now is falling apart because of the pressure because it's 1132 and the trends may be coming in a second. What are they coming in?
What are you nodding your head about while you got your r your and he's got his hands up to his armpits in the boxes of food
I don't want to say he's getting a little carried away now, but he's got his all the way up to his earlobes
Eat all you want Andy. It's a big party today. We're having a gigantic ratings party
We're confident confidence is high. We're soaring like the eagle and flying like the dead bird. That's what it is all about over here
Because we know that when those numbers start pouring in that it's going to be a gigantic parade even to people in Chicago with the bulls
We never heard about the Michael Jordan thing. Does anybody know what time that press conference is supposed to be
The Michael Jordan thing
You don't know there's one. Well, that's because you're not listening to Q. I.m. for crying out loud
I mean sooner or later they get one thing right or maybe they had it wrong
Maybe there isn't any press conference. Maybe they just made it up wouldn't surprise me
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. Hi, have you seen the bird cage? No, I have not have you seen it? Yeah, well fly away Tweety
Two open lines and date open up that cage and just fly right out with that voice
7519 463 in fact, let me say it again. Anybody would waste money on the bird cage
Just go out and rent the original Akasha full much better movie far more last and forget it
Here's candle hello
Okay, okay, um, so the press conference today isn't for Michael Jordan is for Phil Jackson the coach
Oh, and they're supposed to announce whether or not
They're going to give him a new contract or if they couldn't agree to one and he'll go somewhere else
So then they're going to give who a new contract Michael
No, no, no, it's going to be for the coach. They'll look out what they're talking about on Q. I.m.
But Bob we're going to find out whether Michael's staying or leaving
Because Michael Jordan said that if Phil Jackson goes he's leaving Chicago too. Oh really? Yeah
Well, if he wants all that money, they probably can't afford to pay Phil Jackson
Hi, anybody else. I don't know about that. We're done at Denise Rodman
I don't know about that what I'm hearing is that what's going to happen to
If Phil Jackson leaves the Jordan goes to New York and Rodney goes to Orlando and it's it's also confusing
I don't know
Denise Rodman is going to Orlando
That's what I heard he's going to Disney world
It's fitting perfect. He's fitting like a glove you bet
Okay, if you think the Southern Baptist repisted Disney before just wait. Oh Jesus exactly. That's what they'll be saying
Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news. See there's a little info
So Phil Jackson press conference not a Michael Jordan conference or get it right will you please you butt plugs over there
You don't know what you're talking about. What are you going to get something straight? What are you going to straighten it out?
Okay, just once I'd like to be able to turn on somebody talking about sports and get some accurate info
By the way, you noticed now on the Marlins games they're calling Devon White Devo and every time I hear them say that
I think they're saying D-Fo I haven't seen him around here lately. He must be playing center field. He's the pivot man
Here's a hi-lea hello. Hello. How you doing now? Okay, talking about it. Pretty quiet here today pal. Pretty quiet
Oh, my man. It is so quiet
Tell me about it. I'm just bubbling the energy here today
But the audience is just sleeping under a tree somewhere like Rip Van Winkle. They're ripping it. Well, I've cracked open the champagne already for the
Your number is coming in. All right. They're going to be gigantic. I'm ready. Okay. I got this little piece of information here from you from the July article of
Playboy magazine see and it says we have it says really short. I'll read it to you. It's only about four or five sentences. Okay. Okay
It says dalsha not lie
It says just how big is the religious right the Christian Coalition's claim of 1.8 million members and supporters may be based on faith alone
According to figures filed in the US post office and uncovered by americans united separation of churches
They the coalition has just
310,000 subscribers to its Christian American magazine
Which has sent to anyone at least a $15 contribution to the organization father old too
Yeah, yeah, and the circulation is the circulation of the magazine was down 43,000 from last year
Yeah
So what does that tell you huh? Yeah, 310,000 members. I think we got more members in the Boyz cuts of America
And yeah, probably some of the same people too
Father wrote tool he likes the Boyz cuts. I'll tell you that yeah talking about QAM, you know
Listening to other sports kids this morning, and they had Jovenowski calling from Canada
Yeah, and I'm thinking well, let's get some good questions about everybody. You know how did it feel to be with messier and
Mario and you know what that was talking about well
Did Eric Lindwell look at you in the eye when you shake his hand?
Oh, do you think you were ready to drop the gloves right there? Do you think I mean what kind of questions are that?
Juvenile and you know and him has a kid I mean handle themself pretty well
You know, he didn't get involved and he said air well
He didn't look at me in the eye when he shake his hand, but that's okay
Well, do you think maybe when you guys play on the Canadian teams together for the Olympics that you guys might do get out during practice?
Juvenile I mean Juvenile's not even the one mean
I mean I can't believe it that these people are actually on the radio, but I'll make sure know they're crap man
I'll tell you yeah, but I think you and crappy
I thought you'd like that good news about the Christian coalition. Thanks for the good news, Tom
Members that's three three members
Okay, it's growing
Thanks to the day buddy. See you. It's a little bit like Arnold there. Didn't he? I think he would have done a good army
Two open lines at day boy, we're deadly now. Let's get those trends in here
Okay, let's have something to go on to sink our teeth into besides the lunch from Wayne Arles
Because it is brutal here today. What is wrong with you people seriously?
Can't you can duck an intelligent conversation about the important topics of our time?
Okay, can't you really sink your teeth into the major things that are like an impediment to the future of the human race
Like for example the burning of all those black churches around America since that brother who turned it early that day that professional black
And I'm not really sure what he meant by that
But uh he I think he had a good point. What are we gonna do about burning down all them churches?
Probably we're doing people people's a favor
If you ask me but again again, that's just my entire religion opinion and I never gonna change
Seven five how about building more schools and tearing down a lot of churches and all those shools and all those stupid places
That sounds real good to me. How about a place where they can learn something instead of a bunch of asops fairy tales
1138 at W. I. O. D the racing action heats up this weekend to call the race course on Saturday
It's the grand slam one four stakes races led by the hundred thousand dollar emerald dunes handicap the one hundred thousand dollar princess
Rooney handicap the fifty thousand dollar Roman brother stakes and the thirty five thousand dollar cruel springs handicap
Plus the first ten thousand fan Saturday get a free collector's gift and there will be
Samo casting action of the aris steedies from Churchill downs and full card
Samo casting from Belmont and Monmouth then Sunday
Come on out to call her for live music from the gene crew
A big band featuring jack plat
They'll be playing at one thirty p.m. into picnic area and then enjoy exciting racing action with a
Samo cast of the Ohio Derby from fistle down and full card
Samo casting from Belmont and Monmouth too
That's the grand slam on Saturday and live music and Samo casting action on Sunday this weekend
It called a race course just two block north of joe robby stating with racing now Thursday through monday rain or shine or hairlars
Leater whatever they're doing it new post times weekdays one fifteen weekends one o'clock
An entertainment radio six ten
W I O D
They're smoking it out in the everglades
Can you see that?
Can you believe that this machine
I think this must be like a right wing machine as soon as she said they're smoking it out in the everglades
I hit it in this damn thing right back to the beginning again
I think it's a damn Dr. Kennedy conspiracies, but I think
far bison
And took a hit then would he act like cheat and charm
And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair
And would he share it with Jesus and the saints
Those eyes
And yeah
Heart is great
Heart is good
Yeah
What have got smoke can have us
Smoking hot like one of us
I
Beghun hid on the back of the
Decryhouse to roll
To
Back
a
couple
time back to take home.
1144 at WIOD.
This is a depressing news.
These trends.
It's almost depressing.
A little bit of fun board.
See that I'm talking to myself.
Okay, let's see WIOD 25 to 54 overall.
38 to a 3.4.
Doesn't port 10 really good things, George.
Doesn't look really a prominent.
And then she only gave me like morning drive numbers.
We still need these must have just come out of the press.
Not too good.
In spite of all that tremendous marketing that was done,
in spite of the tremendous promotional campaign,
Rick had spud in the morning.
Uh oh.
Okay.
What?
What were we just talking about?
What?
The exact-
Big promotional campaign?
No, before that.
Before we start talking about numbers.
I don't- I can't read numbers anymore.
My eyes must be my blood sugar going up from all the food.
Although there's only atkins here.
Uh, 35 to a 2.9 in the morning at, uh...
Jamie German.
Oh yeah, Jamie German.
Anybody hear the news?
Because I don't see it in the paper about the U of M football player.
Jamie German and that maybe, uh, but I didn't hear it so.
We'll have to get information on that.
Confirmation.
We couldn't have another arrest of a U.M. football player.
I heard the thing about Dion Sanders.
And that was just because he wanted to go fishing.
He couldn't resist the bass.
Third.
By the way, did you ever see a band- oh boy, it was a little, uh...
Let's see, who- who's doing good in here?
Is this another one of these ethnic months or what?
W-A-M-R, number one, 25 to 54 in the morning drive.
Radio Amor.
9.1.
Hot, 6.3.
A little drop there, but they're number two.
They're like three points behind.
So between, uh, Espanol and the Black Station there,
we got, um, 15.4 points and Howard went down a little bit.
And the morning from a 5.4 to a 5.3.
EDR, down to a 4.8, Y100.
Radio Romance, 4.5, Zeta, 4.5.
Power, 4.5, Coast, 4.0.
Magic, life, I-O-D, kiss, love, Q-A-M.
1.9 to a 2.3.
Uh-oh, they're smoking it now, baby.
They're on fire over there on Q-A-M.
A 2.3 in morning drive.
With a number like that, they must be on their way to success.
I knew once they got Andrew Ascina Woods off the year,
they'd be starting to do big things.
Who's they got Goldion?
You know what I'm talking about?
Steve Goldstein.
Who sounds like scraping your ass on a blackboard that voice.
That's what put them over the top.
Plus, I think Joe Rose finally got his teeth fixed.
Okay, we got two open lines in date.
I got no idea what we got because she brought in like a,
uh, partial thing there.
So I guess they're like dragging us out,
making them do a big, suspenseful thing.
They only brought into bad stuff.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
In other words, probably the rest of the numbers are pretty good.
But they brought in the bad depressing stuff.
I think that's, uh, a little game plan there.
I wonder who's behind that.
751 WIOD.
We got two open lines in date.
We got a pair in Broward waiting for you.
We got a big pair there in Broward.
524 WIOD where it's 1147.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Okay, whatever you say, sweetheart.
1150 WIOD.
I'm still waiting for the rest of these numbers now.
Like the next ones would be a midday and afternoon.
2554 I would assume.
But I don't see anybody rushing down the hall.
I don't see anybody shooting papers under the door thing over here.
It's like real slow, okay?
It's coming real, real slow.
Squirt, squirt.
No slower than that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Did you see the mall and game or here last night?
No, I did not.
Well, I'll tell you something.
Latchman should quit.
Yeah.
I'll tell you why.
I broke it.
Was in some group.
He had one two three and is a C8 thening.
He got rid of them and he gates.
And who do you think they got rid of?
Oh, wait a minute. Don't tell me they lost the game.
Yeah, yeah.
Because when I saw they were head treat, they just had gone a head treat at 28.
Well, I'm going to measure what happened.
I want to treat any negate.
One to three.
Two home run. It is bonds and Williams.
Yeah.
He's got the weak part of the line up coming in and the next.
And it's blessed to be in windy and cold out there.
How unusual.
And you know something?
He goes out and he's going to be the night then and he don't like break it.
And when he's in the group, he brings in them.
Now, name the day before.
He brought two hits, a run, walk and guys, he's not in the group.
He has two winnings.
Now, why do this?
I showed it when he did that.
Bang, he goes to the ball game.
Break it.
Break it.
Was in some group.
You never take them out.
The other guy is cold.
I don't understand his managing.
I think he's stupid.
There you go.
So they blew the ball game.
I heard when the couple had an end gave up two runs, made it a tie, a billion on it.
And it went to like the 15th or 16th again.
A Jan?
And a guy had a home run with two on and two out and knocked them out.
I'm telling you, they gave that game away.
I can guarantee you, sir, if you heard that game, I would have thrown up.
You never take break it out.
Unless you start them, they don't want to take them out.
You think he's tiring?
He wasn't.
But you let him start the night.
He gives up a hit or a rock.
Then you bring in them.
Then it's no, but you do not take him out completely from them.
Then right now is in a, is in a bad shape.
He stormed wildfires, a pouts on them and anything.
You know, he's not, he's not the man that I used to know.
Okay.
I say latch them in order.
Quit.
We're putting him on a bus today.
I think there's some other things soon.
Soon as he gets back into town, we're putting his ass on a bus.
Two on base.
Okay, pal.
No, no.
I can't, I can't, I can't handle it anymore.
I can't take it.
Oh, well, I'm telling you.
It's enough to make you a part.
Okay, he's telling me.
He's gone.
And we should be grateful for that.
And when your switching pictures cost us the game.
It's clear that as the manager, you are quite clean.
Just walk away.
We can't stay humanity alone in the war.
Your brothers at the back end.
All the new half-girls spent in it.
Go back where you came.
Wait.
You should sit.
You got to see at all where it always rains.
And he can get burnt, simmer, with the plate in his brain.
Just walk away.
We can't stay humanity alone in the war.
Your brothers at the back end.
All the new half-girls spent in it.
Go back where you came.
Okay, so the ratings are in.
We really a bit the big one, baby.
And I'm going to tell you right now what it was.
It was all at hockey talk.
We went from a 6'4 to a 5'6".
We went from number one to number three,
who's on top of the coat.
Although I'll be honest with you,
the coast and radio romance have a 5'7".
And we got a 5'6".
So guess what?
Between 10 and 2.
We're still number one.
How do you like that?
George, maybe we're number one.
Yes, sure we are.
Because Phil went from a 4'1 to a 3'9".
Although he had the smallest drop of anybody.
That's because he wasn't talking about hockey every day.
Hockey, hockey, hockey.
As much as I love it, didn't I tell you folks that?
That it was going to put us in the tank.
Oh no, everybody in town is all up there.
You right.
Give me a break.
And now that the season is over,
we got a few holdovers from that who still want to talk about
how come we didn't win one game in the finals.
And the rest of the audience is, as Ernie Harwell would say,
long gone!
Atta Boyernie, you're still so good to me, pal.
You're okay in my book, even if you are from Joja.
So how about the bitch at night there?
How about her?
You really got to feel sorry for her in a way, don't you?
Yes, you do.
I mean, talk about Elaine Duck.
Isn't that what she discusses on that show, Elaine Duck?
2-0 to a 1-7 at night.
Seven of them.
So in other words, the whole station went in the toilet
and now up in Atlanta they're saying,
see, we told you, thank God we dumped that turkey.
Okay, we knew they weren't worth a crap.
We're still doing about a six-year here midday between 10 and 2.
Phil is still doing over a four-year at any afternoon.
Mornings, I can't begin to explain to you.
But that's another story for him to give him a...
I'll give him Bill tomorrow.
Plus, I won't be here anyway.
So I don't care what he says.
But, I mean, what's the story here, Elaine?
What did the Hummer do?
What did the Humster do when he afternoon?
He's the big Hockey expert.
2-7 with 2-70.
He stayed flat.
He stayed fat and flat right where he was, the Humster.
And Phil beat the stuffings out of him once again.
But we just had another downtrend.
We had a disturbing turn for the worst.
And I'll tell you right now, it was too much hockey talk on here.
Are you listening, Rimmer?
I'm telling you right now, too much hockey, hockey, hockey.
There aren't no hockey fans in this town.
In spite of all these people running around with their rubber rats
and their damn banners, their stupid flags,
they wouldn't know a hockey puck from a Tim Horton bagel.
We got people like Rachel Alexander in this town.
That's what we got.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-wow-peak-ow-kick.
That's the bad...
I told you, that was the epitome of this town.
That and a thing about Tim Horton
who runs the local Donut Chopin's summer side.
That's what this town's all about.
And I got sucked into two solid months of hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey,
hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey.
God almighty.
And all the wildest was going on, I kept thinking to myself,
what's this obsession with hockey?
Exactly.
All the wildest was going on as much as I like it.
There's lots of things I like a lot.
Believe me.
Like Nick Stark-Nicke there on the Young and Arrestless.
But am I going to see you're talking about that hour after hour every day?
Of course not.
Of course, I'll be down to a point, too.
Here's Davey.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to know, um, the old atroofies, they got some more top, volleyball player.
Yeah.
You know what was on top of that trophy?
What was on top?
Yeah, you know what there was?
I didn't see it, so what do you mean, do I know what it was?
Well, it was a building. You know what it's building it was.
Maple Leaf Gardens.
Ah, da boy.
See you later.
Okay, see you around, eh?
Another connoct.
Boy, he sure had a lot to say, eh?
Spare some change, mister.
Have a good night, eh?
We have an open line in date, 751.
We got at least a panhandlers up there, our polite.
You know what I'm saying?
They don't come out and like, uh, try to wash your window and they don't kind of like jump up any out of the dark at the intersections.
They just sit there up against the wall, freezing their ass on.
Spare some change, mister.
Have a wonderful night, eh?
What's this corn at Leafs game?
All right.
All the lines are open and brown.
We're, we're like not doing a show here right now, and I blame it on a hockey is what I blame it on.
That's what I'm telling you right now.
Uh, if I have to hear that song one more time, we love you, geezer.
Oh, yes, we do.
Take that song and just go screw.
Oh my god.
If I got to hear that one more night, I mean, Jolene, don't take it personally.
You're great.
I love you.
The anniversary songs the all time best, but that hockey song.
That's what put us down to a five, six right there.
I'll tell you that.
Make no mistake about it.
And I can just see that bonus money, George.
Slipping away.
I can hear clearance carers singing right now.
Slip it away.
You can feel it slipping.
You can feel your slip and the brown lines man.
If you bastard don't get off your ass, not only will Phil Henry be gone.
Neil will be gone.
Rick and suds will be gone.
The sex bitch is going to be gone.
Everybody's going to be gone and they're going to be playing Hungarian mosaic on here 24 hours a day.
Once Paxton has this radio station, I guarantee you that.
I promise you that.
You can bet your life on it, okay?
Because this town man, they don't know when they got it good.
Just like this company, they don't know when they got it good.
They see these numbers and they said, well, guess what?
It wasn't so good.
You know something they may have a point.
12 plus.
What kind of a dive did we take in 12 plus?
Oh geez.
Overall station 3.5 to a 2.9.
Oh man.
One month must have been the worst month in history.
Oh yeah, that hockey talk.
This town was on fire about that.
Your numbers are going through the roof.
Right, Rimmer.
W-Y-O-D 6 to 10 AM.
12 plus 3.4 to a 2.7.
Oh my god, a death nail.
Midday 5.8 to a 4.7.
Oh.
God.
From right up there, I know I'm late.
That's show weight.
Whoever it is will wait.
It'll wait.
Whoever who's in there.
Stay to the end of the league.
I'm not done.
I think I'm going to leave Phil Henry out.
Afternoon drive.
Phil Henry.
3.6 to a 3.1.
Now we're done.
W-Y-O-D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk entertainment radio.
610 W-Y-O-D.
That guy is falling.
She won your heart in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps, he left behind a lifetime of achievements.
And now, with a discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey,
deaf jam records makes available to you.
Helen Keller, St. Louis.
A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out of pounded sound.
W-Y-O-D.
W-Y-O-D.
To order yours, have your credit card ready.
Thank all 1-800.
W-Y-O-D.
Order now.
We'll get a bonus this good two eggs by Barley Mountain and Johnny Ray.
W-Y-O-D.
W-Y-O-D.
W-Y-O-D.
Okay, they're looking over these latest numbers and programming.
Yeah, I agree with you, Steve.
They really suck.
Okay, and it's at hockey stuff, man, that killed us too much, too undimensional.
Killed the entire radio station.
I take full responsibility not.
Because I'll be honest with you, we're still sitting here with a six-year.
We're still doing almost a five-share 18-to-34 in persons,
which means we're probably doing a 9 or 10 and 18-to-34 men
on a station with no marketing, no promotion, no concept,
in a lame duck radio station.
We're doing okay.
But too much hockey talk, man.
Too much.
Oh, no.
Give it a rest.
Bulk those damn things.
Put them away, you maniac.
There's a buzz on the street.
I just didn't get it down.
That sheet, this is in the knockdown.
I'm telling you, too much.
And that's all we got left now.
I know those people still want to talk about,
we still got a chance to win the cup.
That's what we got.
All these bandwagon jumpers, all these phonies.
And by the way, Channel 4, thank you so much for helping
put us over the top by not mentioning 610WYOD,
or what time I was on or who the L.I. was except top-rated
talk host Neil Rogers who did all this stuff for us for free.
And we never bothered sending him a note or a card or a letter or a demo
piece of crap saying thank you so much.
Because we're such hot shots over here.
We're in television, you should be kissing our ass.
Thank you so much for all that great publicity channel 4.
Thank you so much.
That we're sitting over here at a time where we really thought we could screen.
And what I think I think it's fixed.
I think it's fixed.
You notice how that number is suspiciously dropping below even between 10
and 2, what it's going to be, what no one's talking about for the bonus?
Yeah, it'll probably wind up for the whole book like about a 5.9,
a 0.594 or something like that.
Yeah.
Kind of makes you wonder, don't it?
Like the fix might be in.
Like maybe what else did Cox Enterprise get into besides Syracuse, New York?
Like maybe an operation in Beltsville, Maryland, huh?
That could be kind of interesting.
Here's my, my Emmy.
Hello.
Yeah, that one, Mel Allen that you had on before the break was.
That was Mel, yeah.
Yeah, I thought he, okay.
Yeah, he's not sounding quite as good as he used to but hey,
under these circumstances, what do you expect?
I got a funny story to tell you about one of your favorite airlines, Mr. Aaron's and the airlines.
Carnival, I had called yesterday to confirm a couple flights in New York.
Uh-huh.
And along the whole, there were canceled and taken off the board without even then
even bother giving me the courtesy of calling me or anything ahead of time.
Yeah.
It completely just took him right off the board.
Well, that helps to make life a carnival.
It's a circus.
It was a blessing in this guy's because I was able to switch the Delta at a lesser fair.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
It looks like a way.
It looks like a monolucid day.
I like to know what that Mickey Eris and works in mysterious ways.
Is that what he says?
Yeah.
I like to know when was the last time a charter flight with a sports team ever went down?
That's a good idea.
I come to mind at Wichita State, who was a basketball team, years ago they had a plane crash.
Yeah.
Talk to me, never here.
Don't you find a little unusual?
You never hear of a sports team that...
No, I don't.
How many planes crash...
I saw somebody mention that yesterday.
How many crashes are there?
Well...
How many?
Very few, fortunately.
How many a year would you say on the average in this country?
How many?
Three?
Two?
Right, two or...
Maybe two to three.
Right.
So what are the odds that...
And how many flights are there with sports teams on them as compared to with just regular passengers?
Right.
Minimal.
Miniscule.
Well, the best thing that came out of this whole deal is hopefully the airlines will be a little bit safe to...
I think what you're trying to say is if the reds plane crashes, you hope Marge is on air is what you're really trying to say.
Is that what you want to say?
Yeah.
I think you got a point.
Quite possibly.
And also one of the one-fifth question.
Do you know when the 95, 96th floor to Panther Highlight tape might be coming out?
It should be any day.
Any day now.
Yeah.
That should go pretty quickly.
That'll go like hotcakes.
And I'm sure that they'll expect me to be plugging the hell out of it too.
So I can go down to about a four-year.
Okay, pal.
Nice talking to you.
Have a great life.
Okay, and day lines wide open.
You know, when we need you the most, I just got through alerting into this.
We've been thrown to the wind.
We were like, I told you we were like a ship it lost its sea for many months before all
has started.
But then once the sail was announced here back in May, whatever the hell the day was, at that
point, we've just been cast a drift.
They just pulled up the anchor.
They just sliced us off.
And we're just floating out here desperately looking for somebody's for a friendly hand, for a helping hand, for somebody to throw
us a life wrap.
Somebody who cares.
And in this town, man, looking for that is like looking for an eagle in a hay crack.
We're back on that again.
751-9463.
We've been on the day lines dead, empty on a day when we were expecting big things and we wind up with little
things.
You ever had that?
You're expecting something really big and fantastic and juicy.
And you wind up with something small and like all curled up and very unappetizing.
Yeah, that's going to be our new motto at IOD.
It's shrinking.
12 past noon at WIOD.
It's a party out there.
Walt Disney Pictures presents a touching story of a little boy named James.
She's awed.
Now it's huge.
Siskel and Ebert say it's a stiff.
Jean Shalitz is somebody got the shaft.
James and the giant penis.
My name is James.
Now showing it theaters everywhere.
And you wonder why the Baptists are pissed off, huh?
1216-WIOD.
So I'm here to announce it takes a big man.
It takes a big fat humble man to admit when he was wrong.
Humphster you were right.
You're right, Humper.
The Hummer was right.
I'm telling you right now.
That hockey has got a very narrow interest in this town.
It's growing.
I will grant you.
But it hasn't grown enough.
And believe me, the Humper and I can both relate to that.
It hasn't grown enough.
I'm telling you, it's just a sad situation.
But that's the way it is down here.
Because it's like you're talking about something foreign.
Something from a foreign country like Canada.
They don't know what it's all about.
They haven't got the foggiest clue.
This guy, where can I go get a booker guy?
Yeah, but watch it.
It's in February.
The Neutral Zone.
Ain't that the spot where they start the game with a face off right there.
It's center rice.
The Neutral Zone.
That little dot at center rice.
Where it's got the little team logo.
And it says, what's dot?
Man, oh man.
Even if people in India know better than that.
They know their dots.
Jesus, Joseph and Filipina.
This is the most excruciatingly disgusting and dismaying on the day before I go on vacation.
And I have to leave here with all of this crap up in the air.
Like they say in value jet with all this crap up in the air.
But you know what I say?
You're throwing up crap up in the air sooner or later will come down.
What are we going to do about those four Boca Brian CDs that he wants us to try to give away?
I guarantee you nobody will take those.
Now that we got a lot of these lines lit up, why don't we want to start with giveaways anyway?
Now that we got the sympathy vote coming in.
Here's the keys on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, we're just cruising on the keys.
Same old crap.
Yeah, pretty boring, huh?
Yeah, we're just flippin' to y'all day.
You're really hilarious.
I am.
Look at all the good time I help kill for you, right?
Yeah, look at that guy that called up that no idea about hockey, the neutral zone in the center.
Yeah, the center, the opening faceoff is in the neutral.
So while he's got a point, it is somewhere in there.
Do you think after the whole season you think you know that?
He started in February, the season ended like in the middle of June,
and he's finally caught on it.
The puck is out of frozen bagel from Tim Horton's right.
What a freak.
Yeah.
If we just thought we'd call up, it's really boring down here.
Well, if you think it's boring down here, you want to be up here pal.
Hey, have a nice day.
And back to you pal.
Good luck.
Okay.
Don't drop the soap.
Down there in a keys man, you got to watch yourself at all times.
Open line on the upper line, pound IOD, mobile one, 18-T wireless.
Come on, we want to even pop beach people now.
We're extending our hand to friendship.
We desperately want to bring back the alienated masses out there
who've been just dist.
They've been dist and the tossed.
Because we were talkin' to foreign language to them,
and I apologize profusely for that.
I'll never get that carried away.
A certain amount you got to give.
People tune in here every day for a few laughs
for a little bit about rage and crap.
They don't tune in here every day for the same old tired monotonous.
We live you need, you're mine.
We really do.
Get outta here with that.
Blow that out from the place.
That's okay.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Day after day after day after day.
Like the majority of the people out there knew what the hell it was all about.
Just take a look at the look on Cheryl's push.
That'll tell you everything you need to know.
She looks like her puppy just died.
She looked like she just developed a bad case of hemorrhoids.
That's the look on her push.
Man, oh, she looks like the judge just came back.
Without any money.
Yeah.
She just looked like a cotter in a big fat lion
that deposition yesterday or something.
That's what she looks like.
I didn't say they did.
I'm just saying you have that look.
I kind of enjoyed mine.
I had a great time.
I wish it was still going on.
I'd rather be there than here.
I'll tell you that.
Did you ever call Gary Bruce an asshole?
What is it?
That was my first question.
Now, is that uncoacher for me to tell him that's nothing.
That's a matter of public record.
What is it?
You can say that in the wrong way.
That's where he's going to be.
That all depends.
Sometimes it's a compliment for some people.
Anyway, let's see men.
Okay, here's the one demo that we still might be.
We might have a prayer here with a man.
Oh, geez.
Another blow to the heart.
Overall, 6 a.m. to midnight.
W.I.O.D. from a 5.2 and men out of a 4.5.
And that's with all the hockey going on.
Oh, yeah, it's taking a year.
I can't wait to see the numbers.
Yeah, remember blowing out your ass.
You phony baloney.
But you got a nice bunch of free meals out of it anyway.
It brings the coach in here like a 20 after 1 o'clock.
6 to 10 a.m.
Let's see.
What is this men?
Oh, not on the first page.
4.4 to a 3.6.
How do you like that?
How do you like them road apples, huh?
This is shocking.
Okay, midday men.
Okay.
Oh, geez.
From an 8.7 to a 7.7.
Oh, God.
And, yeah.
I mean, 7.7 is still good enough to be number one by more than two points.
And especially from 10 to 2, we still probably got an 8.7.
Then which is not bad.
But a precipitous drop there.
A precipitous drop.
Like in a tank.
In a toilet.
Afternoon drive.
Men, 5.4 to a 4.9.
Oh, boy.
What's the Hummer got there any afternoon?
If I can read the, uh, is that it?
QA, I think that's it.
4.1.
Yeah, Hummer's got a 4.1.
And what's Phil God?
4.9.
Oh, yeah, he's still, he still beats him out.
Pretty good margin there.
But anyway, that's the story.
We had a disastrous trend there.
And of course, that's, uh, that's two thirds of the spring book in the back.
Right there.
And the third month of the winter book was a good or was it bad?
Do we know?
It wasn't all that good because we, uh, now it wasn't really good.
But it certainly wasn't a disaster like this last month must have been.
It must have been a death knell, a nightmare.
A career ending, uh, pierced through the heart is what it feels like to me.
Exactly.
And then that too.
So it's either these numbers or Wayne Arnold's or combination of both that are just starting me to get ready for a mad dash down the hallway.
Down those stairs into the magic room and just for hours.
I'm getting all of this out of my system.
I'm telling you right now I can't handle it folks.
This business with month after month and trend after trend.
Book after book after book after book.
The only thing left to try to salvage anything out of your life is vacation.
Oh, it sounds good.
So like I said, happy day to you folks.
It's Thursday and it's almost over.
It's 1222 at WIOD.
We love you, party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
He's been is expressed by the host guest of course.
Not necessarily those with the host guest of course.
Give it a rest.
Look at that.
Even hit the wrong thing on her.
It's so worked up.
Are you bringing more of this crap in here?
God Almighty even Dreck has a limit.
Oh women, we don't want to see that.
I can just imagine what that number must be.
Oh, look at a minus.
So anyway, 1227.
Let's have a lot more hockey talk.
I locked the door.
Make sure that Rimmer don't get in here again.
Okay.
Look at the number he had on QA.
I mean, it's like a minus what?
Comes over here.
It is kind of like rubbing off.
I wonder if he can't get a gig.
Jesus.
So what do we got?
Women.
We got anything in women.
We were doing pretty well.
Make it nice.
Come back in women until hockey.
God, the heavy duty there.
And then all of a sudden.
Tell Woody Graber by the way.
I want my damn airplane tickets and the stop being such a schnour.
Okay, I don't have any money for him.
The last thing he's getting out of me is any cash.
Look how long I don't think I ever did get that 66 bucks back.
That overpaid him last season.
Oh yeah, you got it.
Yeah, right.
Whatever you say, Woody, I believe you.
Women.
Oh, we're not on the first page.
Oh, that's for sure.
We're like, oh, three, four to a two point two.
Look at that number, huh?
Man.
Oh, man.
Oh, my God.
Amen.
Okay, let's just move along.
We've been through a lot of these.
The ups, the downs, the ins and the outs.
That's the business.
That's what it's all about.
But I'll tell you one thing.
It's your killing some really good time for me.
Here's a lady in Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, um, did you think this is not a lady?
Is this a kid?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay, um, you know when the panthers first started.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
We have two on the green lines.
Preck had probably worked for a what?
QAM?
Your right hand gets a football town, humster.
You're right.
I apologize, Hummer.
All you others, four ride on apologize to them, because they're a bunch of asshole.
Now, what was Sonny Fox doing on the phone you said before?
Were you seriously joking?
No, I'm serious.
He what?
He wanted to tell you that he lost 37 pounds on the Edkins.
So why did he tell me that on the ear?
Is Neil out to call us?
Well, he got to his destination.
Yeah, you get out of here.
You pussy.
He's not out on the car.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
I listened to Neil Rogers because I could hear the word asshole.
Who are you kidding man?
He lost.
How much did you say 37 pounds on a scatkins?
Yeah.
Well, I was going, Sonny.
You're okay in my book.
How did Sonny do, by the way?
We never even looked at that because we've kind of forgotten about him and evidently so is the
audience.
Just a joke, Sonny.
Now, they've been having a precipitous decline of their own over their magic.
In fact, they're going to change it to tragic one of 2.7.
Let's say, now it's flat.
3.6 to a 3.6.
That's okay.
Hold up your own.
Hold up your own end.
Nothing wrong with that.
It's a small but select group.
It's the baby boomers.
That's it.
Keep coming up with some other slogan for it and go out there and pedal some cheap spots.
That's it, boy, Sonny.
Wait till Westinghouse buys your ass out, then you'll see what it's like when the station
you're working for gets butt out from under your feet.
In this case, we're delighted.
Okay.
And I think they are too.
Yeah.
It was all over.
We tried everything.
We could look at all the tremendous promotional stuff we had going on here during this last
month, huh?
During these last how many months?
When's the last time we ever had a spot?
The last time we ever had somebody with a sandwich board, schlepping up and down, looking
to road mall saying, hey, we got something good on here.
On AM, tune it in.
And the most amazing part of this trend is that it appears Phil was least scared from
anybody else.
I mean, he dropped to, but only from a full one to a three nine.
So his last month was probably better than anybody's.
And he's out.
How do you like that?
He's out.
So like I said, I think that this whole thing, the fix was in because Bob Neil signatures
on the bottom of each page.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'm here.
We're waiting for you.
Hey.
We're not going anywhere.
Listen to me.
I'm listening.
Who knows the most points for most, who knows the record for most points in a game?
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463, 524WYOD.
And we got two on the green lines.
That sounded like the ghost of Tim Horton calling in.
It was a bad connection, Tim.
Try it again.
Okay.
Eat a couple of bagels with cream cheese and butter.
And call us back, Tim.
He not sounded too good.
And get a haircut, will you?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
I know you were chosen around for calls, so I came to your aid.
Well, I'm not that desperate.
Oh, okay.
Well, anyway, regarding the Brian Blades thing, remember in everything, the magic word
is always look where the money is.
And you had it.
Like I said, I'm not that desperate.
We have an open line at day 751WYOD.
We got two on the green lines.
We got four copies of Boka Brand's great CD to give away here on capital records.
So we got that German story.
We got what?
That German story.
Jamie German?
Yeah, what's your story?
Jamie German, Jeff Taylor and James Burgess were charged with battery for beating up some
other guy.
Oh, oh, no.
Get this for saying that Jamie is gay.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Is he?
So somebody said, called Jamie a faggot and three of them, three of those big Bochewem
athletes beat the snout out of some guy.
So there we go again yet another wasn't bad enough that Dion Sanders, at least he never
played a U of M.
That's something.
Okay.
That's one thing we can say is that Neon Dion who be out there fishing were anti is dropping
his pull where it's not supposed to be.
Look what that did to Mike Tyson.
He was dropping his pull where he wasn't supposed to and it let his ass in the slammer.
For like, however, well, 18 months or whatever it was, somebody ought to tell Neon Dion and
all those other goyem out there.
You don't drop your pull where it's not supposed to be going.
He couldn't resist the bass.
Right.
Maybe it was the smell of the bass that got him all worked up.
I don't know what it was or maybe it was that little bass turd.
But anyway, so here's another U M thing three more U M football players with another
little scandal on their hands.
Is there anybody on the University of Miami football team the judges, husband and father
and everybody else's side?
Oh, I'm sorry, X husband.
Is there anybody?
I'm talking about Judge Lebo, not that judge.
I'm talking about Susie.
Let him go.
Lebo.
Whits.
Yeah.
What happened to the end of your name, sweetheart?
What happened to the wits on Lebo?
I guess she lost half her wits.
She's a half-wit.
That's right.
She lost most of her wits.
That's why she lets all her criminals go.
They dropped the wits off Lebo wits.
I love it.
Oh, goyishabaster.
How do you like that?
See, that's what happens to Jews when you start changing name like tarajor stuff like
that.
Self-hating kaiq.
Exactly.
Dumbest pick.
Re-spaul.
Red sea pedestrian.
Short stuff.
Hameljockey.
So anyway, let's go to, yeah, cheese man.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Falafel.
Yes, sir.
We don't eat falafel.
Jews don't eat no falafel.
Yes, sir.
You talk to me.
I'm talking to you, but I think that's what you've been holding for too long.
And what, Neil, don't be worried.
We're all behind you.
Yeah.
I listen to you all.
Too much hockey.
Too much hockey.
I don't know.
I'm talking to you.
I'm talking to you.
I just wanted to say that they'd lost the wits off Libba Wits.
What does that tell you about that judge, huh?
Yeah.
What do you talk?
My name is Libba Wits.
What do you, what do you, your name is Libba Wits?
Yeah, and I'm not connected with me.
I just owned her years ago.
Yeah, good.
Yeah, one other thing, my son.
I think she's a goy and drag if he asks me.
Neil, I don't want anything.
I think she's got the hurricane colors on her cheeks.
I don't want money.
I don't want tickets.
Good.
Whatever.
Because I love listening to the birds.
Oh, this is what we got left on.
We got the old and the oldest.
One other thing.
You don't know McDonald Keri, do you?
My son is here from Tennessee.
Yeah.
Oh, from Tennessee.
I am.
He was here.
He was here.
He was here.
He was here.
He was here.
He was here.
He's a popular popular.
Yeah.
You want to say hello to him?
No, not necessarily.
For what?
For what?
He's got something to say.
Okay, I'm listening.
All right.
He's here.
Hello, Mr. Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay, Mr. Libba Wits.
Okay.
I'm phoning, visiting my parents.
I live in Nashville, Tennessee.
Oh, my God.
You live in Nashville?
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, armpit of the universe.
No, it's a wonderful place.
Oh, yeah.
Three interstates.
We're getting the Houston Oilers in three years.
Although I voted against it.
Yeah.
And God help us all.
Send a lot of Gillette Blueblades up there
to all the women who need to shave up there in Nashville.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
I'm going to be the longest month of my life.
When were you there?
Oh, gosh.
There was one bagel shop in 1980.
Wow.
This one on every corner.
Okay, great.
Please come visit.
Okay, pal.
God bless you.
Hold your breath.
God bless America.
See how it's him hurting for me.
I will.
Okay.
We have an open line indeed.
751 W.I.O.D.
We go one in Broward, 524.
I want to hear right now from some of the people
who might be listening, who have made a comeback
now that hockey season is over, who wanted to announce and rail
against the two months solid, the insanity that went on
on this radio station, especially between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
day after day after day as I lost my senses.
As I took leave of my senses because we were surrounded by a sea of insanity
going on around us here, because we're like stepchildren lost reaching out a hand,
saying, please, somebody grab it for us in our hand too.
1236 at W.I.
Love that thing about Judge Libowitz, man.
I think we finally found the reason for that.
She left her wit, and you know what rhymes with wits?
Exactly.
That's what it gives me when I think about that bitch.
Or maybe it was Wayne Arnold's.
24-Till-1 at W.I.O.D., the racing action.
In fact, I'm sure it's a combination of both.
Trust me when I tell you.
The racing action heats up this week at a called a race course.
On Saturday, it's the Grand Slam 1, 4 stakes races led by the Hunter.
$100,000 Emerald Dunes handicap, the $100,000 Princess Rooney handicap,
the $50,000 Roman Brother stakes, and the $35,000 Coral Springs Handicraft cap.
Plus the first 10,000 fans get a free collector's gift,
and there'll be simulcasting action of the Aristides from Churchill Downs.
He was Greek, you know, and full card simulcasting from Belmont and Monmouth.
And then Sunday, come out to Coder for live music from the Jean Crouppa Big Band featuring Jack Platt.
Uh-huh.
They'll be playing at 1.30 p.m. in the picnic area,
and enjoy exciting racing action with a simulcast of the Ohio Derby from Thistle Down,
and full card simulcasting from Belmont and Monmouth on Sunday, too.
That's the Grand Slam 1 this Saturday, and live music and simulcasting action on Sunday.
This weekend, a Coder race course just two blocks north of Joe Robbie's stadium
with racing Thursday through Monday, Rainer Shine.
Get out there, plunge your brains out, have a wait a little bit time.
Post times, brand new post times, weekends, 1 p.m., weekdays, 115.
I can have an orgasm just riding down I-95!
Ow!
I really own the resistance to nanny,
and you smoke like a fever, a nauseous, and you look like a troll.
And your Hitler crat just knows to show that you were out of control.
You gotta use size of vestibular,
and you're not really comfy, and your team has a ring in its nose.
I'll show you one thing, sweetie, your views of race really show.
This is the Zettelcat, I'll pay, now, March, stock,
knows what everything's about.
This is the Zettelcat, my stock, big shirt, has both feet jammed in her mouth.
He has a nice tradition of being majored, no firsts, go down that road.
We're talking about that spoken beat, wow, bar shot.
We're talking about the truth, she ain't got wool.
You know, Bob Green, I want to tell you something.
You're all a bunch of sentiment bitches.
I just tell you what you said.
You want to get rid of this old kite on the phone.
I'm not gonna tell you, excuse your language now.
Go join me!
1241 at WIND, there's the, that's the tip off.
Anybody that's visiting like the guy from Nashville, it just called.
If you just came into town, and it's the first time you've been in South Florida,
that's kind of the epitome of what this town is all about, the very nice lovely lady you just heard there.
We have two open, we have one, oh, we, look at that, we got some calls under now.
I sure hope they don't want those bokeh Brian things.
Here's a, now so what was the upshot with Woody Graber on a hockey ticket?
It's not that I want to start up with that stuff again, you know.
So what was the upshot?
I told him you're not gonna get any money out of him before July the first,
because he's going on vacation and he called you a fat fag and hung up from.
Did he really?
No.
Huh, Woody Graber, huh, must have split up with his boyfriend.
We have an open line in Broward, maybe his boyfriend, maybe that operation worked on the guy's eyes.
Here's the mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just was out and done on I-95 and they're taking down the Panther flags.
Yeah.
All those less gold pounds, I'd be happy to know they finally got the message.
Well, it's a time I would think, I mean, it's the 20th, 20th of June.
They're taking them all down.
Yeah, it was wonderful, you know, but this town, it's either a feast or famine,
either they're totally indifferent or they pretend to be just totally engrossed.
You know what I mean?
I do, I have to request.
Yes, sir.
That old guy, Robert Dool, and a Bokobryan tape.
Do you hear that, George?
This guy wants a Bokobryan tape.
Do you have any idea that you just made Bokobryan's day?
Oh, I definitely wanted to use the bomb.
And the price is right, at twice the price, right?
Definitely.
At five times this price is right.
I'll pay it.
Okay, pal, hang on.
Okay, give me a Bokobryan one, give that guy something.
Okay, give him some hemorrhoids.
W-Y-O-D, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Sir.
That's a kid.
Name?
Yes.
Your name is what?
Jeff.
Jeff?
Yes.
Holiday of Jeff.
I'm nine.
Who's that in the background,
pochkinin' around with the radio, Jeff?
That's my friend, Chris.
Chris?
How old is Chris?
Is Chris a priest?
Oh, that's my friend, Chris.
Jeff?
Chris?
Yeah, but a call to police, Chris.
Call 911.
We have an open line.
What was he getting?
Baptized.
It sounded like a lot of water we sound there in the back.
Open line and Broward.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four.
I got news for it.
If he wants to put anything inside the wafer in your mouth,
I'd run outside and scream like hell, Chris.
Jeff?
That's whatever your name is.
I thought Jeff was Jewish.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hello.
Is this Davey?
That's what it is.
That's what it says.
How's it going, Neil?
Oh, I don't know.
Love the show.
Very depressing Thursday.
I got my check in my wallet.
I'm sitting here.
I got an hour and a quarter to go before I go on vacation.
But it's just another one of those days when he really gets you down.
They really stick their thumb on it.
No, what you mean?
Hey, you know, when Judge Lever was in school,
she thought that Charles Manson was a misunderstood guy.
I think she had a point.
She would let him go.
Yeah, I would have fried his ass and immediately
have not sooner.
No questions asked.
Hey, I got a question for you about the Olympics.
Maybe you can answer for me.
The Olympics?
The Olympic.
Why is Michael Jordan not on the dream team?
I have no idea.
Probably wanted too much money.
Yeah, right.
So did Phil Jackson have his press conference yet or what?
I don't know.
I don't either.
Well, whatever it is,
it must not have been devastating news because I haven't heard nothing.
I guess not.
Okay, we'll keep her.
Can I get a shame with the question and call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
I'd like to request Katz and the kettle and Star Wash.
You're a lane dragon, chain smoking, car wax and douchebag.
Okay.
Back nail.
See ya.
Katz and the kettle.
Oh, geez.
Oh.
I got to reach back here and poch you around.
Let me tell you right now that little kid that called me for.
Little kids that call up talk shows when they're out of school
and they got nothing to do.
Burnin' hell.
Okay.
I don't want to scare you pal, but little kids.
I mean, and there's nothing you can do.
I don't care whether you, who you believe in,
there's nothing you can do to watch that scene away.
That's it.
You're done.
You're finished.
Like Timus Salani, pal.
You're finished.
Who's that?
A hockey player?
Yeah. Good guess.
Now, what do you want?
Katz and the kettle.
Where am I going to find that?
Where is the thing in the alphabetical order?
You know how easy they would make it with us?
They would make it like a snap.
Like in one, like in a heartbeat.
Or like maybe if we had more hard drive on a DCS over there,
which of course we don't expect that.
I think considering what we have behind us
and what we have going on in front of us
and everything around us,
I think we've done pretty damn swimmingly good,
if he asked me.
Where are we going?
We're going to a plantation on the purple line.
Hello?
Good afternoon, Mr. Roger Sir.
Wayne is tard days.
I got three pieces on the agenda.
Three pieces, yeah.
We got, uh...
I'd settle for one.
Thanks.
Go ahead.
Okay.
I got a check from somebody,
and I wanted to find out
if the check was any good.
So I went to call his bank.
This is the latest in a series of nibbling away
at the quality of life.
You have to call a 900 number.
You have to pay money
to find out if the check somebody wrote you was good
from the bank.
Is that unbelievable?
Unbelievable.
I mean, in other words, unbelievable.
I mean, you know, if you look on your bank statement every month,
they're just getting away with money.
You're leaving them all.
Yeah.
You want to deal with your money?
That's it.
By 20 years, they put it under your mattress, man.
It's a lot safer than these bogus investments people tell you about.
Unbelievable.
Right.
A fool in his money are soon parted.
Next, uh...
Pepsid AC.
You ever use it?
No.
Okay, well, um...
No, I take that back.
I think what's the part of time Andy, a cow,
gave me one of those, and I don't know.
I don't remember.
Well, it works fine.
Okay.
But it just so happens that...
It was me.
Oh, George gave it to me.
Well, I figured.
The only thing I don't like about it, you know what it is?
It'll make you sh**.
You're right.
But more interestingly, I have discovered that once you start taking them,
you can't stop.
Oh.
And you know what that's like?
That's like, thumbs.
Well, thumbs are delicious.
And you know what it says on thumbs on the bottle if you've ever looked at it?
Don't take more than 16 in any one day.
I could eat like 30 of those at one sitting easy. They're like candy.
Right.
Exactly.
Well, this is a different thing.
It's insidious.
It's the drug companies, you know?
You don't know about it.
And it's been prescription for a long time.
But I think those things, what they do, you know,
it's supposed to lower the amount of acid in your stomach.
Yeah.
But what happens?
Exactly.
But if you stop taking them, then the acid comes back twice as big.
So you got to keep taking it.
Yeah.
And like when you buy a box, they put coupons in there.
They put all kinds of things.
This is like a whole new addiction.
Of course, if you only used it like once in a great while,
it could make any money off.
It's a very good point.
Exactly.
Right.
Okay.
And finally, to close, I was at the, I know you're going to,
don't hang up now.
I was at the panther thing, you know, the good buy party.
Yeah.
The big, good groupy deal there with my little kids.
And we were standing right near where everybody was going in and out of the,
the mouth of the panther there.
Uh-huh.
And as Rimmer was flinking, and I used the word flinking away.
Okay.
In disgrace after all it was over, I yelled at him.
We're really loud today.
Remember what about Neil and he, is worried.
He looked like a rat going back.
It was the dead, it was the funniest thing.
Yeah.
Sorry as he looked.
Yeah.
I mean, he even looked sorry, it was behind his jellyfish.
I was unbelievable.
It was like, Oh, it's the rats out of the bag, and I nailed it.
I sacrificed two months of my show, half of my rating share for the damn Florida Panthers,
and all the, a handful of hockey fans out there.
And what do I get not even a word of thanks not from Channel 4 not for a whim or not from Wayne High Penga not from nobody
I thought it was not a thank you not up your ass nothing
But it was so funny the look on this face it was like you know like when you when you talk
Peas on the rug and you walk in the walk in front door and he gives you that look a shot
He even look unbelievable is tail is between his legs all the way into the locker. Okay. I had a share that way
Yeah, delighted to know have a good day sir
Yes, I just want to tell everybody that Larry is an actor of six ring douchebag. Okay, yeah, what's it's raining again out there bad
Or a rental horizontal rain. Oh geez, you know see what I'm talking about in this damn state enough already
Enough I thought that this was the land of sunshine and fun and outdoor activity like drowning in the rainy getting hit by lightning a lot
Man, this is getting so ponderous. It is so ponderous. It's unbelievable
God
When is this gonna stop it's a party out there
Talk to see all you know what I forgot to do. Okay. I want to do that now because I'll forget
So what would those numbers again?
I think when you're Chinese it ain't pork a chicken but a fat
Siamese get the food tastes great so you don't complain
But that's not chicken in your chicken chow mein
Seems to me I ordered sweet and sour pork, but Garfield's on my for is
Burnt here on my for
There's a cat in the kettle at the peak in the place that I eat every day
You think it'd be to cat and you'll never know once they wrap it up in no boys
They fried real crisp in dough
Chowlin asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up his buddy at the old pet store
I said not today I lost my appetite
There's two cats in my belly and they want to fight I was sucking on a roll it and the tongues are two when I swear
I heard it me
And that is when I knew
There's a cat in the kettle at the peak in moon
Think I got to stop eating there at noon. They say that it's beef pork fish or pork, but it's per and there on my
There's a hairball on my
So when you told our sunshine I couldn't attend the dinner they're having for Dick Burton's daughter tomorrow night
Because I'm going to be out of town to go like shame on you and start waving at ham-hawk arm of his shame on you
See that's why they called to extend the invitation because they know I'm not gonna be here
I'm going on vacation so channel four now is trying to suck up after their grotesque behavior
I mean, I'm not expecting like no money
I'm not expecting even like a bunch of flowers or pansies or daffodils
I'm just expecting maybe like a note in the mail saying thanks
It was really great and your bits were well appreciated and funny and or they suck, but thanks for taking the time to do it for us anyway
At a very well worth the price you know what I'm saying do you follow what I'm saying? I guess they don't they're a bunch of grave robbers
So what are you saying that Dick Burton's daughter must be in town?
It means that Dick can't be far away. He's not he's not in town. Oh, geez. I thought maybe we had Dick in town
We don't that's why I'm getting out 12.52 at W.I.O.D.
Here's a poem
Women just go up there and that's the fool out of you. Yeah. Why don't you do that Mr. Mayor? Okay, go ahead
The poem is called
The ladies of Harley
Paul we knew all that thank you my face is in the wind
My leather sheet blown up to my chin
Tooling along on my scooter with all of my bros
Trying to ignore the bug didn't know up my nose
My chick is relieving tension by rubbing my head, but I'm wearing my helmet so I wish she'd rub my shoulders instead
I've been riding nine hours and that may sound dumb my fingers are cramped my toe. She is numb
The sun is hot to wind rubs me raw my lady is freezing to studs off her bra
Even though it's chilly. She's not wearing many clothes last time she wore this outfit
Now she wants to get a face lifting even though her implants are in the process of shifting
My dear old lady, I love you just like you are but I first saw you dancing at a piker box
You told me you were a student who liked to read Shakespeare and chalk
So I offered you a chance to go ride on my hog
We'd been together now to the strange and the weird and I still love your tattoo, but I still hate your beard
I
I'm
I'm fine. Thank you
Okay, there he goes the great dick pertin from Detroit and the curse. There's nothing quite like dick
157 a WI 150 seven almost time to get out of here am I on central time? It's in Chicago, huh?
Well, I thought we were ready to blow this joint
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. How you doing? The Elk? Okay, sir?
I haven't spoken with you in a while. I just wanted to say hey. Huh? Welcome back and
Here's another caller that vanished during all that hockey talk. Oh, no, no
I was actually the guy who won the tickets for me for what for the
Fliars game. Oh, yeah
and
Well see if we wouldn't have been talking of hockey intensive you never would have won the tickets
I got a question for you. Here's this guy on the other end of the dial up here
His name is Cliff done
On where the hell is he? Oh, you mean in Palm Beach? Oh, forget about him
Reject from the light bulb forget about him. Yeah, I don't know. I wasn't sure puns come
Let me just say hi to that
bad ass on
The other radio station. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah
Hello to you. I know you're listening having up the strommy on rye. Yeah, where?
And I love you. Okay, that's it
That was funny. Open line on the green line
1-800-944-9463 like like I said they have very few times if somebody is wrong in his town
Well, they ever got they just ignore it like like that bitch Rachel Alexander with Ba-Wall P
Cow Kick and then with her Tim Horton donut
She wouldn't know a donut from a bigot if you stuck two dozen upper ass with poppy seeds
Oh, Sesame seeds toasted. I'm sorry
She's like most of the sports people in a town toasted
But anyway, that's the kind of stuff we got passing is a journalist in his town
And if they make a mistake they just keep plotting right along and pray that Neil don't go on here and you know talk about it
And show everybody how uninformed and stupid they really are
But if I make a mistake I come on here and humiliating degrade myself
Why did he'll not I do that every day for four hours anyhow?
So why not what's unusual about that?
I made a bad calculation baby. I said here thinking we had everybody in this town
I'll whipped up into a room and you know something day after day after day the only time I got really
fanatical was there toward the end of the penguin series and when a panthers went into the finals and all these phonies
Zillions of phonies came in just like that first goal
We scored Ray Shepherd and that Colorado game and at the first home game when 50,000 pounds of rubber went out there on the ice that this
graceful display
Who the hell needed all those rats who needed those vermin in the in the arena
Taking the seats that the real fans would have given their left nut and half of the right if they would have had one to be in there
But no what we had was a lot of phony ballooning as I started to say before interrupted my trainer thought
Which I never stole afraid
Is that here we were looking at cars there are there any panther flags out there? Is there any like up?
One there's one you come to work you pass 50,000 freaking cars with a bunch of geeks and gooks in there
And there's one panther flag and I'm doing two months on hockey hockey hockey hockey to China got hockey
Okay enough with a god damn hockey
Right to like I said with a damn hockey
You start you w dot w i o d my am fortwater to god calm world wide baby
We use talking entertainment radio
610 w i o d now we know I guess why everybody says chains are gonna cake their ass. Oh
Boy, it's the one to two hour
I
Had a chick named pay one day she flew away
To Tio on a where the moon is
Like with our right wing censorship there are words that mustn't slip
We don't even know what we need to know
So
If you see K
I'll see you at Tio one or two
Now if you see K tell her I'm a Surrey's day and the SEC won't let me sing this song
I wrote today now if you see K take her hand gently say that after this transmission
I'll be out in 90 days. Oh
If you see K
You want to oh
Then I'll see you with Tio one or go one or go
But gotta see with Tio one or two
Are you sure?
Okay 107 a w i d now that I've sucked the unsuspecting suspects out there in with this so long
Pandora's thing about too much hockey let me tell you how I really feel okay
Let me tell you how I really feel about it
We're sitting here still with about a six share between 10 and two midday on an AM radio station
That doesn't believe in marketing promotion about whispering to anybody that we got anything worth while listening to one here
That doesn't give us a helping hand that doesn't give us a sandwich board
We're still sitting here with a six-year making something out of nothing every day five days a week a few weeks a year
And let me also ask you this is that what it's all about is just ratings and uh and uh bonuses
Yes, yeah, right
Is that all we're here for is just to get ratings so we can make bonus money and make money
Well, that's beside the point
Because once in a while when there's something you love something you enjoy something you believe in something that means life
In a god forsaken death hole like this place and you believe it and you go with it
You know what I'm saying? So what if you have to sacrifice your bonus George
I got the big bucks. What do I care
fill
Dream in goes for Jer Foi Slamef Super
Leachers Series,pping
Helifier Evans,
or girl34
Everybody in the building is turning the gold judge.
You turn the light on.
Thought that should have gone in.
And John Bade, these broke.
Thanks to the same of the night.
Big gold ending in this hockey game.
We are in the second over, John.
Stay loud, rattles one off the board.
It does not get out.
I was a little extra active there, but slowly,
look at you up to it.
Do so all the only band back.
Now I was a little extra.
Stephanie Ducetter.
You know how the story's worked.
Along the line.
The past is all.
There's a better shade than anything
we've seen tonight so far by John Bade,
these are.
You cannot believe what he has just done.
But please believe.
We'll show you again.
Whoa.
It's just a game of gold.
OK.
We live you, Jody.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry.
OK, 10 after 1 at WIOD.
We have an open line in day.
We got one in front.
We dropped two people off while I played that.
Two bad, two bad, a bunch of very parochial little southerners.
That's what we got.
And boat people, southerners and boat people.
What do they know about anything?
OK, except drugs and burning down churches.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
OK.
Probably what this tone is.
The tone of the North, you burn this tone.
Yeah.
Nobody.
Well, it's county from my brother in Pennsylvania.
I was talking about what we can.
Yeah.
Yeah, he would tell me he dischockers for parties and stuff like that.
Yeah.
And he told me about the tape he purchased.
He was playing these sang parodies.
He was like cracking up over the phone.
And my boy is a bit like, so he started playing the thing over the phone.
And it was you.
He purchased the Neil Rogers on plug in Pennsylvania.
How do you like that?
So you're going to get that on here.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean he purchased it in Pennsylvania?
He bought it at some store and put some stuff.
No, he didn't buy.
He didn't know how, how is that possible?
I don't know.
He dischockers a lot.
Yeah.
He knows like I'll just look like on the ground record places.
He goes to, he finds like really obscure stuff.
Yeah, that's us.
And he purchased it with Neil on plug because he started playing it from your
phone.
And it was you.
So I was like, crack it up like, so like I get right to tape and said, WIOG and
stuff on it.
Yeah.
So I'm, I mean, we love a copy of that bulk of Brian.
Because he's really big into that stuff.
Oh, so this is just a sucker round call is what this is?
Well, kind of.
Yeah.
Well, that's OK.
I mean, at least you're honest about it.
Well, I get like, I can say you play that you play for a couple of people
as far as the people are coming up to a mask of.
Now we're just like, Alan Town or some, uh,
Alexwipa.
Alexwipa area.
Alexwipa?
No, it's Northeast Pennsylvania.
It's great.
Alexwipa.
Oh, it's Grant and Woksburg.
What about a toilet that is, yeah.
Oh, that's where I left there.
Yeah, he needs it.
OK, hang on.
OK, so bulk of Brian should be happy.
Now there's two of those we gave away.
We got two more.
Are there any takers out there?
Boca Brands, great CD with 34, 35 of Boca Brands, greatest hits on here.
All kinds of good stuff like the Boca song, all the stuff that he's flaming and famous for.
And nobody wants him.
OK.
I tried Brian.
I just, uh, they don't like you as what it is.
113 at WIO.
It's going to be human and it's going to be wild.
If you missed the first annual, don't miss the last ever Phil Hendry Golf tournament,
benefiting the Jimmy Rice Center, birdies, babes and beer.
The perfect send-off for Phil Hendry.
Stay tuned to news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIO D.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
The house.
He said, Mom, because he got so far, beautiful.
He got set away by the straightening leg.
He could you get her all in the head.
So in his little shot, he can get inside and back.
He could be prepared.
So he knocked his door, because he couldn't score.
He couldn't take it from the second floor.
And he said, I give, she can't buy it in store.
Oh, God.
Never had a chance to take off his pants.
Rub him.
Oh, my God.
Never set the slide.
It's no other way.
He said, Mom, because he got so far.
And a bar.
Okay, 118 in WIOD.
Of course, when you look like he does, I don't, I can't imagine anything alive.
You know, maybe a plant that would get like within 50 yards of that asshole.
Have you seen him lately?
Like, yeah, he don't look too good.
He looks like he belongs in Nashville.
Did you see his old pictures, though?
He's in Nashville.
No, I did not.
He's actually, you know, clean cut.
As a matter of fact, you're right.
He was pretty good.
Yeah, he probably got some.
Maybe he didn't like it.
Huh?
Maybe he was another frustrated bag.
Oh, there we go with the fact stuff again, huh?
There we go with the fact stuff.
Ever since we had that call from Sonny Fox, it's been bagged this, bagged that.
Just because he said, tell the bag I lost 37 pounds or whatever it was.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Ever since Sonny got lost on that Hershey highway.
Yes, sir.
I have a confession to make, I hate hockey.
Yeah.
But I've been listening to your show for the last time once every day.
Why is that?
Because I think you're great.
Yeah.
But how could you listen when all we talked about was hockey during the playoff?
Well, you said you can even make hockey fun, though, listen.
Oh, okay.
I thought we had a pretty good time with it.
Even when we were talking about people picking their nose, it would have been the same difference.
The only thing I didn't like, and I'm not trying to be a cruel or anything, but it was a...
You love you, Peter.
No, no, no.
Oh, yes, we do.
I'm not trying to be funny, but it really was that guy, Jeff Bremmer.
I want to...
As soon as I heard his voice, I wanted to just scream.
Because I was there for three hours at home.
You could put a fleet of Mexican jumping means to sleep in four seconds or less.
You could just go boring, now.
Yeah, he is.
And he got some good free meals out of it.
In fact, I understand he's thinking about getting a free dinner tonight, so the rumor I heard.
Him and his lovely wife.
Yeah, that's right.
I used to live in Los Angeles, and I used to listen to KFI every once in a while.
Yeah.
I can't imagine Phil Henry fitting in that station.
Well, that's a boring station.
It's just a bunch of Russian limboa wannabe.
Right.
And Lard asked himself.
I mean, they're going to kick him.
I mean, is he going to succeed there, do you think?
Uh, beats me.
Although, uh, the rumor was they wanted him to do nights, which I think is like a totally separate thing.
I don't know.
It's a bad station, but, you know, at least he can make it better.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Anyways, can I just look around for a...
a CD?
Put your lips together.
Okay.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, line three.
That guy's sucking pretty hard.
I don't know how long he can continue.
We have an open line in Broward.
5249463.
Is that it?
That's the fourth one.
Right is that the turd.
That's the turd.
Are you sure?
Are you positive or are keeping track?
If you've got enough fingers for this, uh, let's have Bob Dull keep count on his right hand.
Now, which hand is it?
It's the right hand.
Right.
The one he's got is pen, uh, all jammed up and stuff like that.
So let's see.
That guy was not the second.
He was the...
You turd.
Here's, so we got one left.
Here's Bokeh on the purple line.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Okay.
It is the weather.
Low in like ultra-portry out, up near Bokeh.
Really?
It's terrible.
I want to call in and just let you know, hey, listen.
What you did over the last two months was a beautiful thing getting this down on the ground.
That's nice, Pauline.
Yeah.
Getting this down excited.
But...
Yeah, I have no apologies to make it.
You know, I went through that whole long thing before because I know that some people are going to be saying that too bad.
I don't care.
You know, if I have a six-year, a seven-year or a six-five, what's all the differences in my presence?
It's so inaccurate anyway and it bounces around so much from one month to another.
Who to help believes it's accurate anyhow?
You did a beautiful thing.
You got some people down here.
You never thought how to pull.
At least jumping for a couple months, my only request is that those people stay the hell away from the rain and next weekend.
Oh, please.
And especially when it moves up north by me, so I can get an opportunity to get down to more games.
Let's get the real fans back.
I hear you.
Okay, pal.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
Delabirds, Don Carmercline.
Douchebag.
Big time.
Have a good one.
Okay, see ya.
Okay, we have an open line on the purple line.
Look at that.
18T cellular mobile one at pound IOD.
We got one in day and one in broad.
We're doing okay, considering that this is, you know, it's like a wake here today.
It's not exactly your most fun.
It's not exactly the greatest time we've ever had in our lives.
Although for some of you, it probably rivals the greatest times.
Kind of like Ted the unibomber.
Kind of like the same thing.
You know, sitting around a house, the radio is cranked up real out.
And it's so loud that it's vibrating.
Even Aaron would be getting all juiced up about it.
All right.
Does it seem to you like we've been here for about 500 hours today?
Is that, is that always the day it is just before vacation?
Because I said this morning when I sat down, I said,
well, we're going to zip through one segment and other.
It's going to, uh, I am juiced up right now.
122 at WIOD.
If these had nothing to do with the hockey shows, it was that Elmer Fudbid.
126.
And I'm telling you, that could be it, that Wabbit thing.
Oh my god.
Talk about the audience.
I see I got a confess.
I let them just kill me, just kill me with this stuff.
Well, at first it was Duane Stomp.
Then it was the bridge stender.
Then it was the jack into box.
And now it's the Wabbits.
Can we hear that again and again and again and again and again?
And again till we know it by heart so we can recite it.
Till we sing it in the shower.
We sing it in the, in our sleep.
Man, oh man.
When do you ever give anything a rest for crying out loud?
Some of you people have been talking about creatures of rabbit.
So anyway, let's go to a four-loader deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You really are a juicy stuff today.
I've never heard you stream a cot.
Well, I got plenty of time.
I got plenty of time on your own vacation already.
Yeah.
Neil, you really took me back to my childhood either day
with that tabletop hockey game you're giving away.
My dad invented a prototype of that and sold the patent
to Coleco up in Guelph, Ontario, or I was born.
How many of you did he didn't?
Why did he get a lot of money for it?
No, $1,200.
Oh jeez.
Yeah, he made me one from my birthday.
I was three years old.
This is 1949.
I was born in Guelph, Ontario.
Yeah.
And we moved to Detroit.
He went to work for WTBJ.
Huh.
I grew up with that.
WTBJ.
Yeah, Channel 4 up there.
No, WWJ.
WWJ.
WWJ.
That's where I prefer.
WTBJ is here.
Okay, that was my day.
WWJ with Sonny Elliott.
That's right.
Bill Kennedy was on Channel 9.
Right.
TKLW, right.
Anyway, how about Bill Bonds on Channel 7, WXYZ?
No, well Channel 7 built a studio out in Southfield near our
home.
How about Dave Diles in the sports?
I grew up with all those guys more.
NEP puts some glass in that port more.
It's cold in here.
Right.
Hey, but I think I know what's wrong with a fan of a sport like hockey.
It's our weather here.
It's the same all year round and there's no noticeable change of season.
And the people down here, they want instant thrills.
And up north, man, we played our hearts out in hockey and skied all winter.
And then looked forward to spring.
So we could play baseball.
And then looked forward to spring to fall.
So we could play football.
But we play our hearts out with hockey.
It's time for these people to give it a rest.
These people down here, they just look forward to waking up in the morning so they can play with themselves.
No, but the perfect metaphor in nature is a maple tree.
Now, like the playoff, at the end of the hockey season, that's like maple syrup.
You know, that's when you spin all that time harvesting that sap and you got to boil it down and work at it.
That's the 80-something game.
You know, watching the trees grow and spring.
That's the draft.
It's just so amazing.
People down here got no appreciation.
Yeah.
I mean, that's where I think you and I both come from.
As we grew up with hockey, it's hockey season.
I don't come from wealth Ontario, I tell you.
Oh, yeah.
I'm also living in Rochester.
Oh, geez, you went all the high spots.
I know.
You don't want that.
You want to go on the...
You want to go on the...
You want to go on the...
Rochester, all the places you could freeze your ass off.
One of the most beautiful places I've ever been in my life is Rochester, New York.
And I've been doing those three days in the summer when it gives above 30 minutes.
I don't even know.
Ledgeworth and a dig with Bristol Mountain.
Yeah.
I love all that stuff.
Yeah, well, I just wanted to throw that in LHG for these fans out here.
They don't realize that it's damn...
The victor?
It's summertime.
Those maple trees.
Oh, it's a maple tree.
They're looking forward to the draft of an infant.
It's for a jeleve.
Irrondiquite.
And then, you know, the leaves grow all summer.
Right.
The sap starts falling.
Your juices get going when the first snowfall.
RIT.
Isn't that beautiful?
Yeah.
But that's so true.
All right, Pio.
Have you ever been to John Arren Brush down, Downey Droid?
Yeah, I've seen some brush at John Arren.
Is it the checker barbecue?
Yeah, I've been there.
Do you have you, really?
Checker barbecue on Levernoid.
Then, no, John Arren Brush.
Well, there's one on Levernoid, too, pal.
That was my...
How about Robin Hood's on Levernoid in six miles?
I know well about the theater, shape or theater.
Oh, yeah.
I've been all those theaters.
Then, he lifts it.
You know what I really want to do?
Yeah.
Thank you for George.
He is your perfect straight man.
Well, he's the only one we got.
No, he is so good.
I love it when you guys bitch at each other.
You keep me going all day.
I've heard all four of them.
Music's over.
Have a great day, eh?
Hey, put me on with George.
For what?
I see a lot of love for him.
I know.
Open line.
Well, it's time ran out.
Open line and Broughton was sucking up heavy-dew.
Then, put me on with George.
And he's going to ask you for the CD.
Go back to Guelph, pal.
You're a good guy.
But the thing with the maple syrup just made me sick to my stomach.
Too much sweetness.
And as you know I'm talking about,
I thought I was going to go into diabetic coma there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
You got to admit that he sucked around pretty long just for a free CD.
Yes, sir.
All these suckers.
Yeah.
Hey, when are you going to please give the hockey a little break?
What does that mean?
I mean, you know, I'm not talking about hockey.
I've been telling people that for days now, the season's over.
And what do you say to me?
When am I going to give it a break?
What the hell does that mean?
How long have you been playing it long?
I've been playing it one since the end of the playoffs.
I've played it once as a joke.
And right away, when are you going to give it a break?
When are you going to give me a break?
All right, you got it.
When are you going to lighten up a little bit?
Yeah, I know why all these damn snowbirds go up north all this rain.
Yeah, it sucks here in the summertime, man.
It blows.
Can't stand it.
That's right.
When the weather sucks up north, then you want to be here just so you can be comfortable a little bit.
But when the weather is good up north, who the hell wants to be here?
When there's frogs falling out of the sky.
Hey, where can I get a copy of those rating?
For what?
Early you were giving out the ratings all of them.
You can't.
Oh, I can't.
Why would you want to copy the race?
You writing a book?
No.
Just look it up.
You know, see who's doing good that week.
That week?
Or month.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, obviously an expert like you really needs them.
We have an open line in date, 7519-463-751-WIOD.
Where can I get a copy of those?
I don't believe what you're telling us.
I want to look at it myself.
That's it.
And quit talking about hockey so much.
Oh, fart.
Let's do a lady in Miami-Sures.
Hello.
Hi, nice to meet you.
How do you like him, huh?
I keep making me sick.
It sounds like Shylock Holmes.
Yeah, really.
There's a guy with a rich full life who wants to sit around
and read the radio ratings all day.
It'll keep him off the streets.
Like, we can't hear the sneaky in it, you know?
Yeah, probably Unibom or Junior this time.
Really?
Really?
You've got the big one on issue.
I'll tell you that.
Really? Well, I don't want to see you.
Good.
Thank God.
God.
I think it was worse when that guy was up from up north
with the maple leaf, though.
Oh, wasn't he something?
That's horrible.
I mean, he went through about a three and a half minute piece of suction
and I bet you he needs a lip and version at this point.
In the music you put on with the...
Yeah, then put me out with George.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, right.
That in violin.
Oh, God.
Oh, God is right.
I'm from San Francisco.
Oh, God.
Have you been there?
I hated it.
Did you hate it?
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
Why?
The weather sucks.
Yeah, it's cold.
And so do most of the people, you know?
Thank you so much.
I mean, just because I'm one, don't mean I want to be surrounded by.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's all gay.
Too many fags.
Too many clones.
You know what?
I mean, you go to a lot of cities and the gay people are like, you know,
a real good looking and kind of like macho and walking around like a bunch of fruit flies.
You go to San Francisco and they'll have that silly little mustache and they're all walking in.
You know what I'm talking about?
They're gorgeous out there.
They all act like Alex Bennett.
You mean like Los Olas?
Yeah, right.
Okay.
No, I had to say that the guy, Kat Berry, Captain Cadbury, the prison, the misdemeanor prison guard,
whatever he runs it, there's 20,000 cockroaches in the place.
So he's a douchebag for today.
I wanted to call him that because.
Okay.
So many cockroaches you can't believe it.
Okay.
All right.
See in Frisco.
Not Sacramento I like it.
I like it hot.
You know, I like it out in Vegas.
I mean, talking about weather.
I like Sacramento.
See San Francisco, I mean like along the ocean air can be like 52 and they're down in the valley.
It's 92 and you move up or you drive up about five blocks and it's 175 and you drive in the other direction 10 blocks
and a wind is blowing 80 miles an hour and it's 38 degrees.
It's a very strange place.
134 at WYOD.
DeFo goes on vacation.
Sports talk 610 goes to the dog.
Well, all right.
Sports talk.
You shut that dog gym.
Manage every night this week.
The dog on football and all the sports that matter sports talk 610 with gym man dog.
Manage today at 6 p.m. on news talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Lot of masturbation went on.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
I'm not going to be a little bit more.
She'd rather strap on her tail dog.
Oh, what a guy.
She's my dream girl, but it just can't be.
Since I found out that she is lazy.
She's more lazy, she's a guy.
Yeah, but wait a second.
Oh, no.
I feel so sad when I finally have to leave her.
But she will never love me.
Because I don't have a f***ing heart.
I'm not going to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
141 is W I O D.
Phil Henry would be here at 2 this afternoon to say goodbye.
I'm going on vacation.
Marfield is going to be leaving for Albeon, Michigan, WALM.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, there.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Hey, good show.
I'm first time call.
I just wanted to tell you some totally foreign information about the LJ Simpson case.
Maybe a hundred people in the country know it.
But first, just a note on the LeBoe case up here.
Okay?
The defense had an expert firearms evidence examiner prepared to go on the front of the jury
and show to them that if I point a gun at you and you grabbed the gun, and of course they used to death weapon in the courtroom,
and you grabbed the gun to pull it away from me that I'm going to pull the trigger.
I'm going to grab the gun back and the trigger finger is going to pull so the gun goes off.
Yeah.
Now, that's beside the point in a way.
The fact of the matter was, obviously, drunk or drugged and disorderly and in an extremely violent way.
Well, it's all over now.
There's no point in going through the whole of song and a dance.
Unless the accord overturns the ruling, we can only pray.
Of course, that will be after football season is over.
Yeah.
But it should have been some sort of punishment for the guy.
Amen.
But on the LJ Simpson case, he had the traveling trio of trolls, the three forensic scientists who testified for LJ.
Yeah.
Dr. Herbert Leon McDonald, the white dude, but you hear a guy.
Yeah.
Dr. Michael Bodden in New York City, ex pathologist.
Yeah.
And Dr. Henry C. Lee Jr., the commander of the Connecticut State Primary Laboratory.
Yeah.
Those three trolls went out there and spread below me.
They had come down here some years before.
Do you think the suds wouldn't have been out there would have eaten it, yeah?
And done the same thing here on Gabriel Heeter, you remember him?
Yeah.
His grandson was a suicide on 90 feet over here, okay?
Mm-hmm.
I noticed three guys came back, came down here and reported out that it was a homicide, okay?
A kill in the cold.
Yeah.
The blood spatter on the forearm, they constructed 100% in the air or the case was indeed a suicide.
A kill in the cold.
Yeah.
So I fact 31 pages marked the car south.
Oh boy.
Oh, I'm sure she had time to read it.
Okay, we have an open line at day 751.
Why did I leave him on that long?
I must be losing it.
You know something.
You know I'm going on vacation for me to leave that call on that long.
That was a killer.
A kill in the cold.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, nice to talk to you.
Let me ask you, do you know who Gabriel Heeter was?
No, at all.
Thank God.
Okay, listen, what I want to say is, um, going back to hockey.
I really got a thank you for what you did for a community.
I sacrificed my entire livelihood.
I think that the hockey team should pay me my ratings bonus that I forfe, they're probably
going to not make out of no in a month, but I'll probably not make a George too.
Yes, why?
As you can, Georgia check and me a big fat check.
I just want to tell you that I was being...
Come on, Wayne, loosen up the purse-dring, sweetheart.
I was a kid during the 76 and 75 series for the flyers.
Yeah.
And you took him back to my childhood.
You really did.
Well, I got some tapes of Gene Hart to, and that too, as a matter of fact, which needless to say,
I don't have right here, but some day when it's really slow.
You're gonna be right now, ain't he?
Huh?
He's got a skinny right now, ain't he?
Yes, yeah, Gene.
He's busting out all over like June.
Listen, you got that list?
That's why he's not doing a game anymore.
They couldn't squeeze him in the booth anymore.
They couldn't get him in the front door of the arenas.
If I really broke back my childhood, I really appreciate that.
I'm not going to jump a whole bandwagon this year, next year, come in September.
But I really got a thank you for that.
Listen, can I suck up for that list?
Sure, no problem.
Volka, Brian, thanks you profusely for sucking.
Thank you.
He said, thank you.
He said, I see that thank you.
And I said, you, because I put a stuck my finger on it there too quick.
Why didn't you take care of that wonderful gentleman there in the Gene Heart?
Oh, man, what a monster in the industry.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
When is Diaz?
How's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Phenomenal.
I called.
Well, I wanted to suck up for the CD, but I guess that's not going to work.
Too late, geez.
But also, I wanted to thank you, Neil.
For.
Thank you for introducing me to the Fort of Hockey.
Oh.
I feel like one of those archaeologists doing a dig somewhere like Quentin on Guiding Light,
who happens to be doing his archaeological dig in Springfield, wherever that mystical town is,
and happens to be doing it right where a heart's body is allegedly buried.
Wouldn't you know it?
But anyway, you know what I'm talking about.
No, I wouldn't.
That's okay.
I wanted to thank you, though, because before I started listening to you,
I didn't know a puck from a baseball, to be honest with you.
But, um, well, I guess I can't suck around for the CD.
Well, the baseball is the one that doesn't have the glow on it, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, that annoying glove.
That's the one.
God.
Well, nice try, pal.
A better luck next time.
We'll have something for you.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Could be.
All right.
I wanted to say, Paul, I'm on the Neil Rogers show and you're a douchebag.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, Brian.
I'm a great life.
Okay, that made his day.
He's getting moist right now just thinking about the experience.
And I can't say that I blame him.
Here's North Bay Village.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
A couple of things.
I was at, uh, I'm in sales.
Uh, I don't know, fortunately, or unfortunately.
You're in sales?
Yeah.
Oh, my God, almighty sales people and ranchers.
Yeah.
Everyone except for me.
Okay.
Anyway, I was at Jackson this morning.
I, uh, saw, uh, medical apparel and stuff.
A lot of the nurses and stuff.
Uh-huh.
A couple of the nurses were together.
You know those little like after dinner, men's, or I think they're called andies?
Intrepidments, yeah.
So you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
Little chocolate things, some have men.
Yeah.
Those are like, they're picking out and this, this colored girl nurse comes up and she goes,
you know, how much carbs or anything.
They're going back and forth.
Then the Spanish doctor comes and he goes, oh, no, no.
If you talk to Neil, he would tell you that there's way too many carbs.
I thought it was, I mean, these guys are a doctor that at Jackson.
And then they're in the closet.
And then they're in the closet.
If all those people had their diaries, we'd have a 40 share on here.
I mean, they're supposed to be operating in and helping people, you know, they're just...
How about my doctor?
He's got like a office full of 50 patients sitting out there and he and his staff are sitting back in there
with the doors all closed and the radio blasting away.
And he's fixing me little notes in Italian over here.
It's unbelievable.
Come on, Mark, go save a life or something.
Another thing, I'm originally from Toronto, I've been down here for many years.
Oh, boy.
And we're going up again next month.
Where do you stay when you go out there?
Downtown.
Like at the four seasons or something?
Uh, Sheraton Center.
Okay.
Places like that?
Beautiful down here, huh?
I'm the face hot, Vladimir Donald.
The bellicates.
Yeah.
Hopefully, I'll have some nice weather and have a blast down there.
We're down where?
Down?
Up, I mean, not down there, up there.
When are you going there?
Uh, we're going on the 14th to the 21st of July.
Oh, July, that'll be perfect.
It'll be over 30 by then.
Yeah, well, I went to the university there, so yeah, froze my balls off up there, too.
Now, McGill is in Montreal, right?
Right.
But what's the one in Toronto?
There's U.S.E. University, Toronto.
And there's also what I want to call York University.
Oh, York, yeah.
So, uh, those are, uh, I forget, what do we call the Red Men or something like that?
No, the Yo Men.
Well, listen, don't eat too many smarties when you're up there, okay?
All right, boss.
Lots of carbs.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Okay, we have an open-line tunnel of smarties.
They're great.
Oh, they're addictive.
Just one of those.
You can't, you can't, they have, they have like real big bags of, you know?
And all the convenience, what's there?
There's, there's, every third store is either a Tim Horton's donor place or a convenience store.
And it's like, every, you can't avoid them.
And they have the real big bags, which I think weigh about 75 pounds.
And you start just eating those.
And of course, as you're walking down the street toward your hotel or wherever,
uh, you just, uh, shoveling those in your purse and shoveling and shoveling.
And you get back in your like dizzy and your head is swimming,
and you lie down on the bed and the room is spinning around.
And you prick your finger and you take your blood sugar and it says like tilt on the little thing.
Smarties.
See, they call them smarties because they're smart and we're dumb.
Not like Frado, we're dumb.
Because we put that crap in our mouth.
Even a dog knows, well, no, my dog don't know that.
148 at WIOT at Lorenzo's Italian Center in North Miami Beach on the corner of 163rd and Dixie Highway.
And at Ben and Bob's fresh produce and seafood in the Indian Trash Shopping Center in Weston.
There's so much to offer that sometimes the spots too long.
I think that's what they mean here, okay?
I'm trying to decipher what this actually means when it says we try to do too much.
I don't think it means they try. It's we as in the people who put this copy together and it goes on for five minutes.
Well, that's a good point.
But anyway, there's a lot of great cafes, specials at Lorenzo's right now.
We're just 275 and you're a 12 ounce bowl of pasta, bowl of nays or Copanata.
And the 495 specials choose to me their veal and peppers or chicken, scop or yellow.
Did anybody call and tell you what that is?
I probably because they're ain't no such thing for your own drink.
Get a bowl of spaghetti, Italian bread and a soft drink. What a price, what a deal.
And Lorenzo's pasta grill 1295 specials are the best every night at different on trade Tuesday.
The veal chop ones, they pour their steak Thursday, the veal trio, Friday a seafood sampler and Saturday a delicious Italian sampler.
Each on trade served with super salad plus pasta, fresh vegetables and dessert.
And Lorenzo's can ship and deliver those Atkins products just about anywhere you want the cheesecakes, the sausages, the hot dogs.
They got all the good stuff without the nitrates, without the sugar, without the crap.
And at Bennett Bob's they got fabulous fresh seafood specials like soft shell, Maryland, Crabcakes, 349 each.
Halibut steaks 999 a pound, Boston's Crab Files only 499 a pound.
Farm raised main salmon steaks, 499 a pound and coming soon with the bed and bobs.
Look out for that fresh poultry.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
I saw he fished with steak.
Take it up your ass.
Cocaine.
Crab Blitz.
I like fried healthy wide, is you fine?
Cocaine.
One of Dallas's stars, my wife and me, high bars, are cocaine.
Mike on earth, we got caught in an entire way he bought cocaine.
They play fun for our brothers, now they're all new and just cocaine.
All dead.
153 at W I O D.
It's coming to a head in the show as well.
Here's the Carol City.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, is this Neil Rogers?
It looks like it to me.
It is.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
This is Ralph Callif from Flagler Ground Track.
Yes, Ralph.
How are you doing?
Great.
Do you have any radio personality around except for Neil Rogers?
Yeah, big stars like head cappelin.
All the big guys get down there.
Right.
Do you have any radio personality around except for Neil Rogers?
Yeah, I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
Here's the South Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Jesus, age Christ on a popsicle stick.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Great.
It's one of the callings which you do a happy vacation.
Thanks.
Wherever you're going, you're going to find it.
You're about to first want to say that as a matter of fact.
Have a great vacation.
Have a swell time.
Rest up.
Get your energy.
Come back, kick some ass.
You're the only one that said that.
Where you go, say well.
Well, funterios, a matter of fact.
Yeah.
Great place.
I'm going to go up to a Peterborough and hang out with Jody Holland his wife.
Sounds fantastic.
Yeah.
In fact, Jody's wife is going to be out of town.
This is Judge Lesboh.
Yeah.
Do you think she's a hockey fan?
The one that lost her wits?
Yeah.
Do you think she's a hockey fan?
What's the punchline, pal?
Well, in case any of our boys ever get in trouble.
We'll know who to send them to.
Oh, I like in case Jovonowski gets a...
Shoot somebody twice accidentally.
No, he didn't shoot nobody.
He was accused of a little, a little a dip in the wick action up there.
Remember that?
Up in Windsor, but he'll be okay.
Yeah.
He got off and they dropped the case, too.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Have a good one.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Have a great life.
Judge Lesboh lost her wits, pal.
I'll tell you that right now.
And Doc Lesboh also lost his wits.
That's why he was walking around with Hurricane underwear.
Like I told you, tonight, see, I'm always right on top of these things
and people think, oh, he's so funny.
He's a wacko.
Yeah.
I told you the other day that the Hurricane Football program is like emblematic.
I'm not really saying they're responsible, but they represent everything that's wrong
in this community and in this country on a greater scale.
Every day we have another scandal, another bunch of goyam in jail, another bunch of bull crap.
Day after day after day after day, we got nothing but organized thuggery over there.
We don't have the way education.
We've got a lot of stupidity.
We got a bunch of goons over there.
Okay.
Goon, goon, goon.
You understand the word?
I'll spell it for you.
Here's a Margate.
Hello.
Shut up, asshole.
Okay.
Shut up, asshole.
But boy, he's hanging on every word this guy.
This man is sitting there on the race, got the radio in his lap.
Here's the Margate.
Hello.
Or four-larter day.
I'll remember this guy is.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
You're going on vacation.
Yeah.
That sounds exciting.
Where are you going?
Out of town.
You going to Italy again?
What?
You going to Italy again.
Maybe.
Because that great place, I spent a lot of time in Milan.
Milan sucks.
Milan?
What do I mean?
Milan blows.
Have you been to the opera in Milan?
Oh, he had been to the opera in the bookshop.
Well, you're playing a bit of the opera in Milan.
Give me a break.
Neil, the La Scala in Milan is considered the greatest in the world.
I couldn't care.
And so the Domo is considered one of the great architectural wonders.
I wonder why anybody would go there and see it because there ain't nothing else there.
Except a bunch of overpriced shops.
What about Florence?
Florence is beautiful.
Yeah.
Milan sucks.
Why does Milan suck?
You're going to have to ask them.
I don't know.
It blows.
It reeks.
Overpriced, unfriendly, the food sucks.
They couldn't lick the ass of the food in Rome.
I'll tell you that the food in Rome is 50,000.
You can go into any mom and pop trottery in Rome.
And for a real just a few thousand lira get a phenomenal meal.
You go to Milan when they rip the guts.
They rip your cookies out for food that my dogs would turn their nose up.
They can take that risotto and they can stick their word of mundo in shine.
Okay.
Why did you go to Milan?
I know you go to Milan.
No, I don't.
Are you don't come on?
I went there once.
I tried it to slas.
I was there once before kind of on a layover because the plane coming back from Rome goes through
Milan so you make it a little bit easier that way.
And it is wasted day in Milan, which I'll never do again.
I wouldn't go there if they paid me a thousand dollars.
So you like Florence?
Florence and Aroma, those are the great places in Italy.
Make no mistake about it.
Don't waste your time drowning in Venice.
Don't waste your time with the gypsies and the shleppers in Napoli.
Go immediately to Rome and then up to get on the train to go to Ferenza.
You tell me about art.
You want to see art.
You want to see beautiful people.
Ferenza.
Ferenza.
That's where it's at, man.
Are you starting to catch on our way?
I got your point.
Okay.
Have a good vacation.
I'll read you there.
All right.
Thank you.
Grazie.
This guy, he wouldn't know a good time if they stuck it in his, uh, exactly.
Well, maybe that's his idea of a good time.
I don't know.
So anyway, it's all, what are you laughing about?
What am I?
What is this?
We have a coffee clatch in there now or what?
Cheryl's sitting there smoking a faggot.
Andy standing in it with his arms folded, looking like his puppy just got bad hemorrhoids.
Everybody here looks like their dog just died or something like we have an epidemic of Ebola in the place, huh?
What the hell is wrong with everybody looks like such a sad push.
It's a great day.
It's a great moment.
If you ask me, this is one of the highlights of my life now.
The next 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, seconds.
Everybody's so depressed.
You want to know why they're depressed because they're not going over.
I'm the one that's going on vacation getting on a plane and getting a lot of this joint.
And they're the ones that are just sitting on the rest of this place and watching the frogs jump out of the rain every day.
You want better way to close and with this.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
See ya.
If you're refrigerator talks to you, blame Phil Hendry.
W-I-O-D, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Use, talk, and entertain the radio.
610, W-I-O-D.
